 Michaela, Mia and I stumbled up the stairs to the entrance of our apartment and made it across the foyer and to the elevator. The elevator had metallic gold walls that reflected nicely. The reflection was not a mirror image, rather it gave the two women a golden goddess-like sheen. We all realized what we had to do at about the same time. I hit the stop button on the elevator, stopping its progress somewhere between the third and fourth floors. 

With a devilish sparkle in her eyes, Mia advanced toward me and pushed me roughly by the chest into a corner. She knew what she wanted, what she needed and I was more than ready to exceed her expectations. In one rapid movement, my pants were keeping only my ankles warm and my rock-hard cock was pointing directly at Mia. Michaela watched with great interest and a quirky smile appeared on her face as she watched Mia in action. Michaela and I had been involved in threesomes before, but they had generally been people we met at parties or bars and had no real interest in other than to play with as sex toys, really fun sex toys. Mia was different. We knew that we'd never be able to get her music out of our heads. Not after tonight. 

While Mia had me in the corner she grabbed my cock with her left hand and squeezed hard from the base and pulled up forcing the blood to the head of my cock and eliciting a large drop of precum that must have been forming since we got into the car and I first saw Mia's beautiful shaved pussy. With her right hand, Mia grabbed my balls with a force that startled me at first, but then turned me on. Her right hand traced a line down between my balls and then between my legs creating one of those tingles that is a meritage of tickle and incredible sexual sensitivity. I involuntarily groaned and levitated up on my toes, wanting more, but barely able to stand what she was doing. Mia had made the decision for me, though. Her grip on my hard cock was so tight that I had precious few inches to move.

Michaela was enjoying what she was seeing and I could hear her starting to finger her still dripping wet pussy. She knew that I liked it when she handled me like this and was impressed that Mia had figured out how to make me do whatever she wanted so quickly. Mia wasted no time and alternated between ripping buttons off my shirt and unbuttoning them until she had my bare chest. She released her death grip and allowed the blood to course through my veins again. My very thankful cock throbbed its appreciation as she pressed her body up against me and began to kiss me, at first slowly and deliberately, but then as we both got turned on we increased to a feverish speed.

Michaela noticed that we were starting to get ahead of her, so she quickly took charge. She crossed the elevator still wearing her incredibly sexy fuck-me boots and grabbed Mia from behind, pressing Mia's perky tits almost flat except for her nipples, which she let escape between her middle and ring fingers so that I could suck on them and cause Mia's eyes to roll back in her head. Mia moaned slightly as I gently sucked her dark brown nipples, making them harder and harder. Her groan encouraged me to bring her a little closer to the pain/pleasure threshold by gently grazing her nipples with my teeth. The hard and rough feel of my teeth made Mia scream, something Michaela had been waiting all night to hear. Now that she had heard Mia scream in ecstasy, Michaela needed to hear her again. Mia's screams of arousal became Michaela's heroin and she knew she was going to spend the rest of the night doing whatever was necessary to keep hearing Mia's beautiful music. As Mia screamed, Michaela grabbed her by shoulders and pulled her mouth down to my anxiously awaiting cock. Mia swallowed me whole like she'd been sucking dick all day long. She sucked hard and I could feel her rough tongue making circles around the head of my cock and around the especially sensitive part where the underside of my cock head meets my shaft. When she pulled me deep inside, I rubbed against the back of her throat and knew that if we continued I would be choking her with my cum in a matter of minutes.

Somehow, I retrieved my cock from Mia's vacuum mouth and traded places with Michaela. Michaela began one of her acrobatic feats that I had witnessed with great joy only once before. She made a makeshift seat in the corner of the elevator using only the railings and some incredible ability to defy even gravity in order to get great head. Mia saw what she needed and bent only at the waist, supporting herself and Michaela by holding onto the railings with her hands and going down on Michaela's cunt that was covered only with shiny wetness from the exciting evening. She licked Michaela's slit up and down grazing her clit and making Michaela quiver, as Mia tasted the wetness she had helped create.

Mia's ass was pointing straight up in the air just begging to be fucked. As much as I wanted to watch Mia tongue fucking Michaela, my cock got the better of me. I took my cock in my hand and began teasing Mia's slit with it. I let just her outer labia wrap around my shaft and slowly slid back and forth driving Mia wild as she increased her pace on Michaela's clit. When my dick was as wet as it was going to get and Mia was pushing against me, trying to guide me into her, I took my dick away and gently pressed my rock hard cock against Mia's asshole. She immediately pressed back against me and opened her hot, tight hole for my dick to enter. I slid just the head of my cock in and waited, just watching as Mia moaned into Michaela's cunt and Michaela moaned, in turn, while maintaining direct eye contact with me. 

I began stroking Mia's swollen lips with the pointer finger and ring finger of my right hand while using my middle finger to tease Mia's swollen clit. The first time I touched her, she almost buried her head in Michaela, the force of her pre-orgasm shocking even her. As I rubbed her and fingered her clit, Mia wanted my cock in her ass more and more and slowly began to relax her tight ring of muscles so that I could enter her. I was still dripping wet and had no problem slowly sliding my entire length into Mia's waiting ass. 

Mia pushed back against me, encouraging me to thrust in and out of her ass. The heat and tightness coupled with the pulsating grip of her ass was indescribable in its pleasure. I could feel a heaviness building in my balls and my dick was getting even harder as I pumped in and out of her beautiful ass time after time. Mia's other end was giving comparable pleasure to Michaela. Mia had launched a full-out attack on Michaela's clit, sucking it out, drawing it to her tongue so that she could repeatedly lash at it and swirl in concentric circles around its base gradually building Michaela's orgasm level by level. 

Michaela and I had never broken eye contact while I fucked Mia's hot ass from behind and Michaela gladly received some of the best head of her life. Michaela realized that we were both ready to cum and somehow found the stamina and energy to increase her pace nearly driving Michaela up the elevator wall and making my knees almost buckle. My orgasm was building slowly and with such strength that I was able to feel it start in my legs, come up to my balls and then take over my entire heaving body as I shot load after load of cum straight up Mia's ass.

Michaela's orgasm had been building to a climax for so long that she was forgetting to breathe and every muscle in her body had been tense for what seemed like an eternity. When she saw me begin to shake and shoot my load into Mia, the sexual energy seemed to pass from me, through Mia and into Michaela causing her to shake and buck against Mia's face as she came all over her. Mia was relentless, though. She continued to suck and lick Michaela's clit, making her whole body shake every time her tongue came into contact with her incredible sensitivity. Michaela had no sooner finished her first orgasm than her body was rocked into a second and a third, each one more intense than the previous. Mia's face was covered in Michaela's juices as she finally let Michaela breathe and detach her fingernails from the railings.

Michaela could barely walk at this point. Her body was exhausted and I was spent, but thinking about what was coming next was causing my dick to grow hard again. I was ready to take Mia and Michaela upstairs so that Michaela and I could properly welcome our guest and show our gratitude for Mia's incredible show, both earlier tonight and in the elevator.

Mia pushed in the stop button as our elevator continued its interrupted journey and we regrouped and attempted to get dressed before the doors opened.

To Be Continued...