 Strev and Paul had been friends many years dating back to their school days. Strev was a nick name he'd inherited when he was a child by his school friends; it was shortened from Strevonovich, his given family name inherited from his European roots. Living close to each other, the two boys went through school together and remained friends after entering the workforce. At the age of nineteen, a restless Strev headed overseas and travelled through Europe for a few years before settling down at a Kibbutz in Israel for a while. By the time he finally arrived home, he found Paul had flown the family coop and was renting an old house on the outskirts of town. It was the intention that Strev would only stay a few nights before finding his own digs, but they got on so well, he never got around to leaving. The two bedroom house was soon transformed into a shrine of good times.

The two young men were into sport, they both loved tennis, squash and running, which was just as well, for the amount of junk food and alcohol that was consumed, they would've been the size of small pack horses. Instead, their physical activities kept them in good shape; they were both tall and wiry in build. They were good looking, Strev's straight black hair and rugged looks made him popular with the girls. Paul had those baby face features that girls seem to like, his fair hair and tanned complexion also made him desirable to the opposite sex.

There was more than a subtle difference between Strev and Paul when it came to the opposite sex. With Strev, it almost a hyperactive behaviour to date and bed as many girls as he could, he would quickly loose interest in his conquests and would always be on the lookout for the next. It was almost as if he was looking for the perfect girl and not able to find her. Paul had a more easy going nature, he was quite content to keep his girlfriends for long periods, he didn't seem to mind when the relationship disintegrated for whatever reason, he would bide his time until another girl entered his life. It was interesting to watch Paul's current girlfriend at the time as Strev brought an endless string of girls to the old house to bed and forget them.

It was towards the end of summer that Strev met Alana. He had been standing at the edge of a shopping centre when a freak rainstorm barrelled through. He could see his car in the car park, but like a crowd of other people sheltering in shop doorways, he had no intention running the gauntlet through the quickly flooding street. Alana had been standing close by and it didn't take long before Strev noticed her, he ran his eyes over her tall frame and pretty features, her long fair wavy hair cascading down her back. First there was the catching of eyes and then the odd furtive smile. Then Strev with his usual cheeky antics; walked over to her and suggested a coffee. They chatted amicably over hot strong coffees until the rain stopped and the sun returned, Strev asked for a date which was accepted with a ready smile.

It wasn't until the third date that Strev brought Alana back to the house with the intent of bedding her. Until this time, Paul had never really had the hots for any of Strev's girlfriends, but this time he fell instantly in lust. Paul had never been a boob man; it didn't matter whether they were big or small, just so long as they had something to play with. He was a bum and thigh man, to him there was nothing better than a nice curvy butt and shapely thighs. Thin women just didn't appeal to him, there had to be curves and bumps all in the right places. Tight jeans and short skirts were just perfect; a shapely figure in just panties was to die for.

The night that Alana arrived, she was wearing tight jeans and a bright yellow top. Paul's mouth dropped wide as he took in her figure when she wasn't looking, he noticed how her jeans flared outwards from her narrow waist out to wide hips and a full curvy posterior. Her shapely thighs stretched the denim in all the right places. The insides of her thighs just touching as she walked leaving a small see through gap at the top. He took in how her long legs transported her lithe figure effortlessly around the kitchen and lounge. 

Strev just smiled at his friend's reaction, he knew full well what sort of effect Alana would be having on him. Alana soon made herself comfortable and chatted to both Strev and Paul, she noticed the casual glances of Paul but took them in her stride, and after all, she dressed to be looked at. That night, Paul lay alone in his bed listening to the moans and groans coming from the bedroom next door, the squeaking of the old bed leaving no illusion of what was happening. He lay jealous and frustrated, and in the end took himself in hand as he fantasised about was under those tight jeans. 

The next morning, Strev gave Paul a wink and held up ten fingers, a silent indication of how good Alana had been in bed. A five was a satisfactory liaison; anything below was not worth the trouble. Most were between six and eight, occasionally a nine, but this was the first ten. Paul was indeed envious, especially when Alana emerged from Strev's bedroom looking a million dollars. Over the usual high cholesterol breakfast, Alana chatted away as if nothing had happened. That night, Paul told Strev that she had the best butt and legs in the world, it was a comment he would later live to regret.

Over the next week or so, Alana spent an increasing amount of time at the old house and built up a good relationship with them both, unfortunately it was only Strev getting the sex. Paul's frustration only grew as Alana wore her tight jeans, or short skirts, her lovely long brown legs on full display. Sometimes, she would don a pair of shorts and run with them in the weekends. 

At the time, Paul was dating Cathy, a pretty little teacher he'd met at the local tennis club. They had been dating for a month or more before Alana came on the scene, and for Cathy it was hate at first sight. While Cathy wasn't a prude, she just didn't like the way that Alana dressed or acted. She had caught Paul's wandering eyes on several occasions and wasn't impressed one bit. In the end, she refused to come over to the house if there was any likelihood of Alana being there. As for Alana, she just didn't care, if there was a problem, it certainly wasn't hers. 

For Paul, it was a difficult situation, if he wanted to be with Cathy, then he would have to go to her house, it was always well worth the visit as the sex was on tap and always rated a good seven. He however, liked spending time with both Paul and Alana, they were both good fun and there were always lots of laughs.

Alana also enjoyed the relationship with both Strev and Paul, the black sarcastic humour was rife and the atmosphere relaxed and casual. She was currently sharing an apartment with a mixed group, and while she got on with them, it was just more fun being with Strev and Paul. She was under no illusion of commitment with Strev, for she had met his type before. The sex was good and she intended to just hang out with the relationship; and with them until it ended for whatever reason. She would admit to finding Paul rather yummy to be with around. And while she knew he found her desirable, he never made one untoward gesture to her, other than just looking, which didn't really count. It was something that she found interesting and sometimes desirable when his eyes were upon her. She enjoyed his attentions and wondered what was going through his mind, the more she dwelled on it she realised his attentions weren't all that unwelcome. 

One Sunday morning, Paul was in the kitchen with Alana making pate on toast, a favourite of all three of them. Strev was still in bed recovering from few too many beers the night before. Alana was again dressed in one of her short skirts; she caught Paul looking at her legs and grinned at him when he blushed at getting caught.

"Sorry." he mumbled apologetically.

Alana laughed as she chewed on a small piece of toast, "You don't have to be sorry. You can look as much you like; I kinda like it to be honest. After all, my legs are my best attributes, don't you agree? I mean you did mention to Strev that I had the best legs in the world."

She then laughed at Paul's obvious embarrassment.

Paul grinned sheepishly, "That was only half of it. I actually said you had the best butt and legs in the world."

A glint appeared in her big eyes, "How can you say that when you haven't seen it all?" You've only seen the bottom of my legs in the flesh."

"That's enough; I've got a good enough imagination for what the rest would look like."

Alana laughed as she headed out of the kitchen towards Strev's bedroom, she stopped at the door way and flicked up the rear of her dress to display the rear of a red g-string and beautiful tanned buttocks.

"How about that?" she asked cheekily twisting her head in his direction to get his reaction. "Now you don't have to imagine anymore."

Paul lunged playfully after Alana who reacted by sprinting down the short hallway shrieking loudly.

"Strev, help me quick. Paul's attacking me." she cried as she burst through Strev's bedroom door and slammed it behind her.

The door opened slightly a few seconds later and Alana's grinning face appeared, Paul standing close by, shook a finger of warning at her. The door quickly closed.

A few day's later before work, Paul was in the bathroom drying himself in the shower when Alana walked calmly in without knocking. 

"Sorry, forgot my lipstick." she commented picking up a black container from the vanity.

Her eyes moved to Paul's nude body moving from his chest downwards stopping at his semi erect cock which had been stimulated with some over vigorous soaping a few minutes briefly. Her lips turned upwards into a smile as she turned and walked out of the bathroom. The door closed and then briefly opened again as Alana stuck her head through.

"By the way, not a bad looking dick, at least I don't have to imagine anymore." she commented.

The door closed quickly as Paul lashed out towards her with his towel.

It probably about this time that Strev was began to tire of Alana. While both the sex and her company was good, he was again yearning for new conquests, not easy when Alana now spent most of her free time at their place. Strev even suggested to Paul that maybe he take her on, but it fell on deaf ears. While Paul liked Alana a lot, he didn't feel it appropriate that he should try and entice Alana away from Strev. What they both failed to take into consideration, was women's intuition.

On a cool autumn evening, Alana let herself into the house with her key; the heat of an open fire hit her immediately as she walked into the lounge. She found Paul sitting close to the fire sipping on a cold lager listening to the soothing voice of Keb Mo on the stereo.

He looked up and smiled, "Hi. Strev's been home and gone out somewhere. But there's enough beer and food for both of us if you wanna hang around."

Alana threw her bag on the couch and flopped down on the old two seater couch opposite, "Sounds good to me, got nothing better to do."

Strev got up and got Alana a lager from the fridge and opened it before retuning to the lounge.

"Thanks." she said taking the beer. "The fire's nice."

"Yeah, this place is cold as a bitch in winter. Gotta keep the fire going in the weekends; otherwise we'd freeze to death."

They sat quietly for a while mesmerised by the flickering flame of the fire, then Alana stood up and removed her coat before sitting down again.

"That's better." she commented pulling her shortish skirt down her thighs before turning sideways and stretching her long frame length wise on the couch.

Paul grabbed a glance or two as she moved and wondered how she could still wear skirts in this cool weather.

"Nothing on TV, I'd rather just listen to CD's." he commented. 

"No problem. So where'd Strev go?"

"Dunno, he zoomed in and zoomed out again. Didn't say much."

"He's probably out chasing a bit of new skirt." Alana said after a few seconds.

Paul didn't know what to say, he had no intention of lying to Alana.

"It's okay Paul. I know what he's like. We've had some good times and nothing lasts for ever."

"It'll be strange not having you around." he suggested.

"We'll always be friends and I hope I can call around whenever I feel like it."

Paul looked over and smiled, "You'd be in big trouble if you didn't."

"I'm sorry I broke you and Cathy up; that was unfortunate."

Paul shrugged his shoulders, "It was her problem, not yours."

"Yeah, but I could've toned it down a little bit, not been so dirty and flirty."

"Nah, I like it when you're dirty and flirty."

Alana grinned back, "So, it's just you and me tonight, how are you gonna entertain me?"

"Dunno, there's not much to do but talk, drink beer and keep warm."

"I've got a better idea. How's about you come over hear and seduce me?"

Paul laughed, "Sure, gonna tease me a little are you?"

"Nope, not at all. If you ask if you can fuck me, then the answer's no. But if you come over here and seduce me, and do a good job of it, you could get very, very lucky."

Paul stared over at her not quite believing what he'd heard, she gazed back at him while lifting her skirt up her thighs and lifting one knee in a provocative pose.

"Well?" she asked.

"Are you serious?"

"Absolutely, but you better get over here before I change my mind."

Paul placed his beer on the floor and moved gingerly over to Alana, he sat on the edge of the couch with half an expectation to be laughed away. Instead, Alana took his hand and pulled him towards her. Their lips touched briefly for a few seconds before she pushed her tongue into his mouth, at the same time she placed her arms around his neck and pulled him close. Alana moved over when Paul stretched out on the couch beside her, they then snuggled down together. For a while, Paul was content just to kiss, their tongues exploring each other. He slid a hand down her side and lifted her skirt upwards, her skin felt warm and smooth as his hand caressed her thigh. She lifted one thigh a little as his hand wandered upwards and between them skirting her panties. His fingers traced the outline of her thigh over the edge of the smooth material before sliding down to her pussy. He sensed her warm arousal as his fingers teased the material between her thighs, the spongy feel of thick curls evident underneath. Her kiss became more urgent and passionate as he teased her with his fingers; she then broke the kiss and sighed deeply as his hand slid down the front of her panties. 

Paul slipped a finger downwards through her pussy, her wetness immediately evident as he toyed with her inner lips. She pushed upwards, encouraging his finger inside her and whimpered as he obliged, her pussy warm and tight with the welcoming intrusion. His finger then slid upwards and found her clitoris; she jumped as he tweaked it with thumb and forefinger; then settled as he began to gently play with it. Alana turned to face Paul on the narrow couch, her hands reaching for his belt buckle, quickly undoing it and releasing the zip. Her hand was soon reaching inside and grasping his cock, pushing his briefs downwards she began to squeeze and stroke it. She tried to guide it to her pussy, but it was just a mad tangle of arms and legs on the confines of the couch. Alana pushed Paul away and then rolled with him as they hit the carpeted floor, the heat from the fire in front of them ignored.

They lay side by side kissing passionately as their hands explored each others bodies until Alana turned and moved into the 69 position over him. Paul raised her skirt over her hips and gazed at the amazing sight above him, Alana's beautiful tan thighs astride his face. He ran his hands over her around the top of her thighs and marvelled at their shape and smoothness. His eyes moved to her panties, a wet patch evident through the area around her pussy. He stroked her pussy through her panties and then eased the material aside giving him his first glimpse of her womanhood. Her thick shiny wet lips were shaven smooth, a triangle of dark curls visible heading towards her navel. Her inner lips were a fine pink as was her large clitoris, her opening slightly gaping from his fingering. Paul ran his tongue up her left thigh; Alana eased her pussy gently down onto his face and squirmed as his tongue slipped between her lips. Paul sucked gently on each luscious lip for a short time before his tongue began to explore between them, he slipped his tongue deep inside her before lapping downwards to her clitoris. He sucked it deep into his mouth, then flicked his tongue over it and relished at her shuddering pleasure. 

Above him, Alana was having trouble concentrating on the job at hand. She had managed to get his jeans and briefs down just as Paul had got his tongue inside her. All she could do is lean over Paul with closed eyes as the pleasure intensified, determined not to be selfish, she opened her eyes and reached for the erect cock in front of her face. At first she thought it was long and thin, but when her thumb didn't meet her fingers around its girth, she realised it was all in proportion. It stood tall with a slight upwards bend, and the head thicker than the shaft. She flicked her tongue over the eye and lowered her mouth over the head sucking gently. It was still hard to concentrate as Paul worked on her from underneath with her hand movements and sucking spasmodic. Paul's cock slipped from her mouth and she moved forward to retrieve it. Using his muscle action, he made his cock dance playfully in front her face. Alana tried to catch it with her mouth but was unsuccessful; she smiled mischievously under her body to find Paul grinning back at her from between her thighs. Using her left hand, she guided it back into her mouth and began to suck gently on the head.

Alana continued for a while before slowly easing herself away from Paul, slipping her panties off, she turned to face him, she straddled his stomach and then moved backwards towards his cock. Raising herself on one knee, she guided his cock to her pussy and ran it up and down her lips before guiding it to her opening. Her eyes widened as the head popped inside, lowering herself to both knees, she eased herself downwards with short strokes.

"Jeez, it isn't small is it? I'm gonna have to be careful with this thing or you're gonna ruin me."

Placing her hands on his chest for balance, Alana eased Paul's cock into her until she was sitting on him, then she sat still, smiled down at him and jiggled her breasts at him.

"My tits are feeling neglected, what're gonna do about it?"

Paul laughed and reached for her top, she leaned forward as he undid the top buttons and pulled it over her head. He pulled her down onto his chest and reached around to unclip her bra, it slipped off as she pushed herself back up into the sitting position. Her breasts were small but with large erect nipples, his hands reached for them and cupped them both fitting nicely into his hands. She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips, then removing his hands, she presented each for a little sucking. 

Alana closed her eyes and began to concentrate on her cock filled pussy, with long slow strokes; she raised herself up and down. It was the biggest cock she'd ever encountered, not that she'd had many. Strev had only been her fifth lover and now Paul was her sixth. She'd been a late starter and had stayed with her boyfriends in long relationships. Having been burnt in her last two, she'd decided to throw caution to the wind and sleep with whom she wanted. Alana liked Strev's cheekiness and he was fun to be with, then she had warmed to Paul and decided a few days ago that if the opportunity arose, she'd like to make love to him too. In the last few minutes, Paul had proved to be a more considerate lover than Strev. She liked the way Paul held and caressed her gently and how he kissed her. She felt in tune with his body as his cock stretched her insides bringing intense pleasure, all apprehension of being hurt had passed.
