 My husband and I like to bet. Last week I lost my first bet to him and his prize? That I would have to do anything sexual that he wanted me to. Sounded pretty innocent to me, after all he and I had done just about everything imaginable, but what he had in store for I would never have even thought of. He let me know ahead of time that I would have to pay up on Saturday night. No problem, sounded like it might be real fun. 

So anyway, Saturday rolls around and it’s in the early evening when the doorbell rings. Carl answered it and in walks three of his buddies. Guess he’s collecting later. Well that’s what I thought. He and his buddies sat at the dining table and just started talking, didn’t even seem to notice I was there. I went on about my business, not paying any attention to them at all. This went on about thirty minutes when Carl called to me. I walked into the dining room and stood there waiting. Carl said nothing at first just sat there looking at me.

“Take off your clothes.”

“What?”

“Take off your clothes, all of them, now.”

“Now? Your friends are here. I’m not going to do it.”

“You lost the bet, now pay up.”

“This is what you want me to do, take my clothes off in front of your friends?”

“It’s a start.”

I stood there unable to say anything. I knew that I had to pay my bet, that was always our agreement, no matter what, we paid. My hands trembled as I began to unbutton my blouse and slowly removed it. I stood there hesitating, thinking he would change his mind.

“Go on.”

I undid my pants and let them fall to the floor. I stood there in bra and panties, waiting once again. Surely Carl was not really going to make me do this.

“Don’t make me say it again.”

I was furious at him for making me do this. He knew I hated being forced to do something against my will. I was the dominant one in our relationship and this was completely against my nature. I knew he was trying to make the most of him winning a bet at last, but this was too much. Well I wasn’t going to do and that was it.

“No.”

Almost before the word was out of my mouth he had me over his lap and gave my ass one hell of a smack.

“Are you going do what your told?”

“No.”

He smacked my ass harder than before and I have to admit it hurt like hell. He followed that one with another just as hard.

“Now?”

“Yes.” I almost whispered. 

I was furious with him, but I did what I was told. I stripped off my bra and panties and stood there naked.

“Turn around, so everyone can see your pink ass.”

I turned slowly then stood there. Not a word was spoken to me.

“She has a nice ass doesn’t she?”

Silence.

“Bend over a bit, we want to see some pussy now.”

I did as I was told, standing there bent over my pussy showing off for them.

“Serve us some beer.”

I walked to the refrig and pulled 4 beers, serving them to them begrudgingly. Then I walked over and started to pick up my clothes.

“What are you doing, we’re not done.”

I turned around and gave him my most evil look. He was going pay for this one.

“Lay on the floor, on your back.”

“Why?”

“Because I said so.”

“Fine.”

I lay down on the floor, trying to keep from crying. I was so mad at him I wanted to beat the shit out of him.

“Now bend your knees and spread your legs.”

I looked up at him and saw that he had a smirk on his face, he was enjoying every minute of this, but I did as I was told. I bent my knees and opened my legs slightly. 

“Wider. I want your knees flat against the floor. We all want to see your pink little pussy.”

I was shaking both from embarrassment and from anger at Carl. I closed my eyes and parted my legs further until my knees were flush with the floor. I lay there, waiting. I finally opened my eyes to see that none of them were looking at me. They had gone back to their game. I had lain there a few minutes when Carl got up and walked out of the room. He came back in just a minute and handed me my vibe.

“Fuck yourself.”

Oh God, he was not going to make me do this. I looked at him, pleading with him silently.

“I said fuck yourself.”

I slowly lowered the vibe to my pussy. I was surprised to find myself wet. I hadn’t realized that somehow this was turning me on maybe just a little. Carl controlling me like this, making me do as he pleased, forcing me to perform for his friends. I worked my vibe against my clit and as the pleasure rose, a moan escaped my lips.

“Enjoying yourself?”

“No.”

“Right.”

I tried to tune Carl’s friends out and pretend I was lying in bed performing for Carl only. My clit got harder as the vibe hummed against it. I started to wiggle it around and I could not help my hips moving with it.

“I said fuck yourself. We want to see that vibe inside you.”

I lowered the vibe and slowly let it slip inside me. I slid it in and out of me a few times, when another moan slipped out. Fuck I did not want them to know I was enjoying this at all.

“Fuck yourself harder.”

I shoved the vibe in harder, forcing it all the way in then pulling it out again, then back in. I have to admit, I needed to be fucked and bad. I was working the vibe in and out of my pussy, completely ignoring them when Carl told me to stop.

“I want you on your hands and knees now.” And then he handed me a dildo.

“Fuck your pussy with the vibe and stick this in your ass. Fuck your ass too.”

By this time, I didn’t care what he told me to do; I was willing to do it. I quickly got on all fours and worked the dildo into my pussy first to lube it and then into my ass. I began to fuck my ass slowly at first, sliding the dildo into my ass. Once I had it in, I slipped the vibe into my pussy. The pleasure was incredible. Being double fucked was exciting enough, but knowing I was being watched was too much. I used one hand to work the dildo in and out of my ass while the other was busy fucking my pussy. I was close to cumming and I fucked my ass and pussy furiously. This was going to be a big cum and I knew it. My back began to arch and I nearly screamed as I started to cum. My pussy and ass clenched at the vibe and dildo at the same time, pulling them deeper into me. When the last wave hit me, I let go of both and let them slip out of me. I lay on my stomach, trying to catch my breath.

“Lick the vibe. Lick your pussy off of it.”

I sat up and slipped the vibe into my mouth licking at it, tasting my own pussy on it.

“Suck on it, like it was my cock.”

I slipped it into my mouth all the while watching him. He wasn’t going to last much longer and I smiled to myself. He was going to need a good fucking after this. I sucked and licked the vibe like I was giving him the blowjob of his life. I let in slide in deeper and deeper. I never was able to deep throat, but I had been practicing lately and I watched as his eyes opened in surprise as the vibe disappeared down my throat. I had almost the whole thing in my mouth, sliding it in and out. I lowered my eyes to his crotch. Yeah he had a hard on, a big one. Bet he was thinking he’d like to have had this vibe be his dick instead. I let the vibe slip out of my mouth and waited for his next command.

“Lick the dildo.”

“No, it was in my ass.”

“I see, I can lick your ass with my tongue, but you can’t?”

“That’s different.”

“No, no it’s not. Do it.”

I lifted the dildo to my mouth. I’d never done this before. I gave a tentative lick and found it was not what I expected. There was little taste at all, but I knew he would almost come in his pants if I took the whole thing in my mouth. I took a breath and let it slide into my mouth. Slowly fucking my mouth with it. Carl was leaned forward in his chair and I thought any second he was rocket himself across the room to fuck me. But he sat there, his hand slowly stroking his crotch. I noticed his buddies were doing the same. Almost simultaneously, they all unzipped their pants and pulled out their cocks. They all started stroking their cocks as I lick at the vibe and dildo. My fingers pinching at my nipples, then playing with my pussy. They stood up and surrounded me. 

“Cum on her.”

I reached up and grab each cock in turn giving them each a quick lick, then taking the head into my mouth, sucking on them just a little bit, my fingers playing with their balls. I laid back and watched as they each continued to get themselves off. It wasn’t long before Carl and each of his buddies started to shoot their cum onto me. I opened my mouth and tried to catch some, but most landed on my stomach, tits and face. When they all had cum, I licked some of the cum off my chin. They all flopped down into their chairs and sat there recovering. A few minutes had passed when Carl said, “Time for you guys to leave.” Carl’s friends got up and left without saying so much as a good bye. I sat on the floor until the front door closed, then got up and walked to the bathroom.

Carl came up behind me, wrapping his arms around me.

“You don’t need a shower now, that can wait.”

He began to kiss the back of my neck and my shoulders, his hands caressing me gently. I felt him lean against me, his once again hard cock forced against my ass. 

“God, I need to fuck you right now.”

“Did I fulfill my bet?”

“Yes, you did splendidly.”

I whipped around and said, “Good then you are not going to fuck me. I’m done for the night.”

I turned away and started for the bathroom again. Before I had taken two steps, Carl grabbed me from behind and pulled me to the table. He shoved me forward, spreading my legs with his knee. He lifted me higher onto the table and forcing me to open up more for him. I struggled beneath him, but as soon as his cock slipped into me, I stopped fighting. His cock felt so good inside me, stretching my pussy, as the vibe hadn’t. He drove his cock inside me harder with each stroke, his hands tangled in my hair. He grabbed my shoulder and pulled me down onto him, forcing his cock in deeper. My pussy clenched at his cock, milking the cum from him. I moaned loudly as he forced me onto his cock over and over again. I reached back, underneath me, reaching for his balls. I played with his balls as he moaned and fucked me even harder. He put both his hands on my shoulders and drove me onto his cock as he started to cum inside me. The sound of him cumming finished me off and I came all over his cock.

He lay on top of me for a few minutes, and then stood up, taking my hand. He led me to the bathroom and turned on the shower for me. He stood there and just watched me as I showered. When I was done, he led me to the bedroom and held me until I fell asleep.

A few days later I ran into one of Carl’s friends wives. We chatted for a few minutes, then she asked, “So what game did the guys play on Saturday night?”

“Nothing.” I almost couldn’t speak. Did she know?

“Well whatever game it was, they need to play it more often. Steven came home and I swear to God, he fucked me better than he ever has.”

I said nothing but told her I had to get going, had some things to do. She said goodbye, but then turned back to me and said, “Next time they play that same game, invite me. I think I might like it too.”

Hmm, she might.