 "Come on!" she yelled. "We're going to be late." Michaela had wanted to see her favorite jazz band play for months, ever since she saw the picture of the lead singer, Mia. Michaela had always had fantasies about women. She loved how soft they were, how they knew just how to touch her, but there was something special about Mia. Michaela had been fantasizing about being with her, about meeting her, and most of all hearing her scream. Michaela knew that Mia would be a screamer.

Michaela had dressed for the occasion in the hopes of catching Mia's eye. She wore her stiletto leather boots that came to just below her knees. She was absolutely stunning in the boots alone. The black leather carried the mystique of a stranger and they stopped just in time to show the perfect amount of her beautifully toned legs. About two inches below her ass, Michaela's black leather skirt started. When standing, it was just enough to cover her; sitting, bending, or any other twist of movement was enough to make the room stand still and Michaela knew it. She anticipated that tonight would be one to remember, so she was freshly shaven with no underwear. She knows how much it turns me on to see her completely smooth. Her top was sheer and displayed her perfect breasts as the incredible works that they are.

We arrived a little late to the performance because we were both so hot thinking about the night to come. Me because of how hot Michaela looked and the thought of her with another woman and Michaela thinking about sharing my cock with another woman whom she was so turned on by. We had to fuck in the parking lot before we went in because we both knew that otherwise we wouldn't last the whole show. We made it in, feeling good, though a little flushed and were ushered to our balcony seats. We shared the balcony with two others who sat in front of us. Mia was just warming up as we took our seats. She looked even more incredible tonight than either Michaela or I could tell from her pictures. She had an athletic build with an exceptional ass. She was wearing a cream-colored gauze shirt that had no back, but tied around her neck and just above her naval. Low cut black pleather pants that looked like they had been glued on completed the ensemble. 

I had always thought Mia was hot, but I definitely saw what Michaela lusted after. Mia had a confidence and grace that created a presence when she entered. The mood of the room mellowed as soon as she took the stage, however, things were just beginning to heat up for us.

Mia began the first set with such feeling and emotion that Michaela grabbed my hand and placed it between her legs. There was no need to pull up her skirt, she was fully exposed and very wet with a combination of my cum from earlier in the car and thoughts of what the evening would hold for us. I slowly, but steadily rubbed my middle finger in Michaela's slit enjoying the warmth and the power that I had over her. I would graze her clit every few strokes just so I could watch her shudder in pleasure. The slow rubbing was clearly turning her on and she placed her hand on mine to bring it up to her clit. She started me rubbing small circles around and around, gently alternating rubbing with light squeezing. This was more than Michaela could handle. She started finger fucking herself in rhythm to the Mia's sultry voice and to my rubbing. 

Mia's voice, emanating pure sex and desire was the perfect sonic accompaniment for Michaela. I watched, getting more and more turned on, as Michaela fucked herself harder and faster in time with the music, watching Mia move in a way that sang the song in a whole new way. Her sinewy arms moving up and down her body, her hands passing over her breasts and down her stomach. This was enough to send Michaela over the edge. Her whole body froze for just a second as the wave of her second orgasm in thirty minutes exploded from the epicenter beneath my fingers. Michaela bit her lip to keep from screaming and closed her eyes as the electricity of her desire wracked her body. She involuntarily lowered herself in her seat as if she was being pulled down, her knees pressing together with her feet apart. I knew that touching her clit right now was driving her crazy and she was torn between her mind telling her it was too much to handle and her body not wanting it to stop. She was in a different place for a minute, a place that had nothing to do with music, nothing to do with anything but desire, a place we would both revisit several times this evening.

Michaela finally recouped and sat back up in her chair. She did her best to look proper, but her still glistening and clearly visible parts made her straight-back sitting position laughable. While we were enjoying the music, our balcony mates left to get drinks. We already knew what we were going to do; it was just a matter of how to do it. Michaela was fast. Before they had completely left the balcony, she had me unzipped and my dick was out in her hand. I had gotten so turned on watching Michaela grind against my hand and her fingers that I wasn't going to last long, which was good considering we were working with limited time before the other couple returned.

Michaela stood and pulled me with her to the banister separating our little balcony from the rest of the venue. It was the perfect height for her to bend over so I could fuck her from behind. I slid my dick up and down her slit from underneath, getting it wet and teasing her. Her impatience got the best of her and she reached around with a mischievous smile and led me into my favorite place in the world. She pushed just enough to get my head in and I needed no encouragement to fully immerse myself in the pussy I had fucked only a little while before. Michaela pushed back onto me. Her spine seemed to melt as she pointed her ass up so that I could really push into her. We began to move in time to the music, both entranced by Mia's voice. 

I regained my focus after I felt Michaela's pussy start to clench around me and I looked Mia's way. She was looking right at us, singing right to us. Had she been looking long? Was it obvious what we were doing? I didn't care, Michaela felt too good to stop and I was enjoying being watched, being sung to even. I somehow steadied myself long enough to direct Michaela's attention to the stage. She smiled and pushed back onto me even harder. Our pace quickened and Mia kept watching us as we stared back at her, lost in ourselves. I wasn't going to last much longer and I knew Michaela was close too. I could feel her tensing up, so I concentrated on cumming. She felt my dick get harder just before I came and that was enough to send her off on another orgasm that only intensified as I shot another huge load into her. We stayed together until my dick went limp and was squeezed out of her as the song ended. Mia smiled at us.

As we took up our positions in the back row of our balcony, the other couple returned with their drinks just in time for intermission. We stayed in our seats, trying to recharge ourselves. About ten minutes into the intermission, an usher came into our balcony with an envelope and stared intently at all four of us individually as if trying to match a face with a description. His eyes lingered just a moment longer on Michaela's lower half, which was just barely covered and then smiled as he handed her the envelope without a word. Michaela opened the envelope to find two backstage passes and a hand written letter that said, "Damn, I barely finished singing I got so hot watching you two. I want to meet you. I have something special in mind. - L"

Michaela and I could barely wait for what was to come. After the show was over, we headed backstage and were quickly escorted to a waiting, empty limousine. We got in and decided to have a drink because we were both a little nervous. We were just finishing our drinks as the door opened and Mia got in with a smile. She was still wearing the same gauze shirt from the concert and I could now see her nipples though the shirt. Her nipples were dark brown and very hard. Mia's leather pants had been replaced by a skirt that rivaled Michaela's in length. From my position, facing forward, I could see directly up Mia's skirt and saw a mirror image of what was under Michaela's skirt: no underwear or hair. 

Mia was the first to speak and asked if we could put her up for the night. That was all the encouragement that Michaela needed. She leaned over and kissed Mia where her shoulder becomes her neck and continued up Mia's neck leaving a wet trail and eliciting a slight moan from Mia. Michaela continued to kiss Mia with increasing passion as the limo began to move. Michaela moved her hand under Mia's shirt and started to squeeze her nipples causing Mia to bite her lip and moan with eyes shut. Watching Michaela with another woman, a woman that turned her on so much had an incredible effect on me. I needed to do something to help myself. As I unzipped my pants, Mia opened her eyes and sighed in her sultry voice, which was just slightly deeper now, "Stay there. You two put on a great show for me tonight. Now I want you to watch me with your wife." I'm not one for arguing, so I contentedly sat in my seat and started stroking my dick as I watched my wife and Mia get even hotter.

Michaela looked over and saw what I was doing. She paused long enough to see what I was doing and smile approvingly as she slid her hand under Mia's skirt and just barely brushed Mia's pussy, but it was enough to make Mia gasp. She really did get hot watching us while she sang. No wonder she got to the limo so quickly. Mia matched Michaela move for move and it didn't take long for both of them to be completely naked. Michaela was as turned on as I've ever seen her and we hadn't broken eye contact for what felt like hours. Her intensity was getting me closer and closer to cumming, but I wasn't ready yet. 

Mia lay down in the seat and pulled Michaela on top of her. As they began passionately kissing one another, their hands explored every curve of their gorgeous bodies. Michaela returned to kissing Mia's neck and slowly moved towards her nipples, which were screaming to be touched. Mia ran her fingers through Michaela's short hair and guided her head down to her chest. Michaela first licked each nipple, teasing Mia, then took her left nipple into her mouth and massaged it with her tongue while gently sucking and nibbling on it. Mia groaned and arched her back as Michaela continued down Mia's body, her tongue delving briefly into the naval that we had both been watching as we fucked on the balcony. This was more than Mia could handle and she pushed Michaela's head between her legs where Michaela only teased her more. She started by touching the tip of her tongue to Mia's hot, outer labia making an entire circle with short, staccato touches. I could tell that this was making Michaela just as hot as it was making me. A small line of wetness had begun to run down leg invitingly, but I wasn't ready to interrupt yet.

Michaela tasted Mia for the first time causing Mia to bite her lower lip. She stuck her long tongue as far into Mia as she could reach and pulled out and up to come into contact with Mia's swollen clit. Mia had been roughly squeezing her tits, alternating between pinching her nipples between her thumb and forefinger and pushing and roughly squeezing her entire breast. Michaela began concentrating her efforts on Mia's clit with a noticeable effect. Mia rocked in her seat and pushed her hands against the door as she got closer and closer. With her right hand, Michaela used her middle two fingers to fuck Mia. She started out slow, then as she sucked harder on Mia's clit and tongued her, she increased the pace while Mia approached the breaking point and was getting louder and louder. Right as Mia's body would start to tense, Michaela would bring her down by slowing her dripping fingers and teasing Mia's extra sensitive clit with light tongue lashes.

Mia's wait was just about over. Michaela returned to Mia's clit with newfound energy and vigor and fucked her, curving her middle finger to rub against the top of Mia's cunt. With her free hand, Michaela started to rub Mia's asshole, which was warm and soaked with her juices and Michaela's kisses. This was enough to send Mia into a shattering orgasm that's intensity was increased by Michaela burying her finger in Mia's asshole as she continued to lick, suck, and finger her over the top. Mia screamed her orgasm as her whole body bucked. She lost control of her movements and was making dents in the door handle she was squeezing it so tightly. She came down as beads of sweat formed across her forehead and a smile formed on her face as she pulled Michaela up and kissed her heavily, tasting herself and probing Michaela's mouth.

Mia started laughing and confessed that she hadn't been fucked like that in months and that if she could have a few minutes of rest, she'd be ready to go all night if that was how things were going to be. It was great timing because we were pulling up in front of our apartment. We quickly got dressed and went in.

To Be Continued...