 Note: 'The Big One' is the fifth story in a sequence that starts with 'Beth Visits Austin' and continues with 'Beth and Gretchen' 'What Trina Wants' and 'Three Hot Cumsluts'.

 ~~~~~~

 After the two gangbang parties with Gretchen, Trina, and me, we didn't have another one for months. Doing the planned event parties works best when all three of us are totally horny in anticipation, best for us and best for the participants. We took enough time to recover from the last party and be sure we were actually eagerly looking forward to doing the next one. 

 To make up for the time gap, we decided to expand our thinking and plan a spectacular event. Sitting with my two partners, we discussed ways to accomplish what we wanted.

 I asked, "The proposed name is: Come one, Come all! Does everyone like that?"

 "Yes, perfect. Clever, even," Gretch said. "It fits. We're not putting any limits on the number of participants or the number of times an individual can do anything they want."

 Trina added, "Yeah, I'm prepared to party on until the last man drops from exhaustion. I'm sure I can outlast them. Well, with your help."

 We all giggled in agreement.

 Gretch was feeling it. "Truly unlimited. I'm getting wet already."

 Trina was nodding, sort of bouncing in her seat, obviously willing, eager, and emotionally prepared.

 She asked, "And Beth? What about you?"

 I was supposed to be the sober voice. "Well, as long as we can figure out how to accommodate such a large number of men, I'm in the wet group. Let's make it happen."

 With that, the party was on. Plans went ahead. Officially it was the "Come one, Come all!" party, but among us it was always "The Big One."

 ~~~~~~

 The most significant change in format was to include an adult film production company. Or at least to use their facilities. This was originally Clarissa's idea, proposed by Clive Mingus, a porn Producer/Director she knew from her work as a lighting and sound Production Assistant. When she casually mentioned that she had been working on gangbangs, he came up with an innovative concept for us.

 His idea was to have our event at the cavernous industrial building he used for his productions. It had offices up front, large bathrooms with showers, a kitchen, and a highly flexible filming space with movable walls, sound isolation, temperature control, and huge electrical capacity for lights, screens, and other gear. The location also had ample parking.

 The idea was that while we were having sex with our participants, cameras would be transmitting the action to large screens around the room. Our men could go wherever they wanted, watch the screens, or relocate to something they saw on screen that was taking place anywhere in the building.

 When we met with Mingus, he explained it this way:

 "It's a turn on for your men to feel like it's a porn set. We always have guys offering to pay to watch a shoot."

 He looked at Gretch, sitting across from him on the couch. He was obviously savoring the view of her boobs, nicely packaged that day in a low cut blouse that left a lot of her lacy bra visible. He was already framing his shot through the view defined when he formed his index fingers and thumbs in a rectangle. 

 "Lie on your back, honey, arms over your head." He was accustomed to giving orders; Gretch complied. 

 "I'm picturing her properly lit, with one guy after another fucking her cleavage. The camera zooms in to get the cum flow, very hot. We can have that going for all three of you in whatever positions you choose."

 "Okay," I said, "But isn't it hard to see what's going on because of people and equipment in the way?"

 "That's the beauty," Mingus replied. "The screens around the room show the close ups. You'll be plenty visible and in HD too."

 He mused a moment, "Come to think of it, we could add a mobile screen right over where you're working, taking a feed from a fixed top shot camera."

 He lost himself in thought about how to maximize the impact of cameras and screens.

 Clarissa told us, "Mingus can create any look you want for the set. They do this all the time. In the back of the main space, there's a pile of suitable furniture and props that could be deployed for our needs."

 "But what about the extra expenses?" I asked.

 "No worries," Mingus explained. "I'll cover the extras in exchange for a table where we sell my company's DVDs to your guests. I'll also want the rights to some photography involving actors I invite, not you or your men. We'll defocus any faces or backgrounds that shouldn't be seen."

 We shook hands on the arrangement.

 ~~~~~~

 At the event, it was chaos with a slight overlay of organization.

 First, the crowd was huge. When the door opened, Karl's crowd control plans were barely adequate. He had to manage over two hundred reservations plus considerable expected walk-in traffic. He rushed from place to place, keeping the lid on, backed up by two more security men.

 As another way to help with crowd control, Karl had recruited three young women we called "Dispatch Girls" or DGs. These were minor starlet adult actresses who had no hesitation about working as hostesses at a gangbang.

 The layout of the room featured comfortable couches with large, soft cushions. Some padded benches and over-sized, over-stuffed chairs were in the mix. The floor had been covered with deep, soft carpeting so we could lie down anywhere.

 Mingus delivered everything promised and more, providing cameras, screens, and operators not to mention the decorated space and furnishings. Two huge theater-format rear projection screens, each more than ten feet on the diagonal, took over two walls on opposite sides of the space. Mood lighting in the room was subdued, perfect for the occasion, arranged to minimize washout of the screens while still making it comfortable to walk around.

 Three of the couches had full lighting and sound for their dedicated cameras, one with an operator and one locked in for a top shot of whatever was going on below it on the couch. There were also several mobile cameras that could follow the action wherever it led.

 Mingus worked from a Director's perch where he took up his usual duties keeping everything working smoothly and getting the most excitement from what we had.

 At the entrance, a mobile flat screen used rotating picture-in-picture to show activity on the couches at multiple points of the room. Each location was visibly marked with a large red letter so everyone attending quickly knew where to find what.

 Next to the entrance screen, we had an easel board with individual pseudo-police mug shot photos, in raunchy clothing, identifying us. The caption read, "Be on the lookout for Dark, Light, and Perky."

 A notice and handout made clear that the cameras, screens, and so forth were strictly for the night's entertainment.

 The Dispatch Girls helped smooth out problems. They were expected to say, "You're next," or "Faster over there," sending men to an available position. They would add spice with little hints like, "She's great with anal."

 We thought the men would be happy to take direction from the DGs. They looked so adorably hot, identically dressed, topless over white disco shorts.

 At Zero Hour, Gretchen, Trina, and I strutted into the room, following Clarissa's musical cue. We wore mid-thigh length fitted tee shirts, black with white melty/drippy lettering saying, "Come one, Come all!"

 The crowd roared, cheering continuously as we pranced around the room. I noticed that we were being followed by a camera, showing on the huge projections, the view from behind, not only our wiggling rears, but also the strokes and slaps we gathered as we passed.

 We each stopped at a bench, then stood on it while pulling our shirts off. Beneath, we were scantily clad in matching red lace string bikini sets, bra and thong.

 We each picked a man from the nearby crowd, to help remove our underthings. When I was naked, I embraced and kissed the man, then, still on the bench, dropped to my knees.

 The gangbang was on.

 My first guy was very hard and excited, oozing from his tip. I licked him all around, aware that a cameraman had taken up position next to me. I quickly finished the blow job, taking the whole cum shot in my mouth. I made a big deal about swallowing, facing the lens, showing my open mouth with cum before and empty after. Nice applause came from the crowd as they watched.

 I moved over to the nearest lighted couch. I tried to discover what Trina and Gretch were up to, but all I could see along the way were the two oases of light marking their positions. I heard cheering and catcalls so I supposed they each had something going on.

 On my back on my couch, with full lights and attended by professional video cameras, one man after another arrived to get off with me, each with a hard dick looking for one of my holes to get into. I guided them to my mouth, pussy, ass and cleavage, quickly satisfying them while enjoying it for myself. I cheerfully fucked them in all positions, sucked them off, gave them handjobs, did anal or DP with them, alone or in combinations. The cum started to accumulate, feeling good running down all over. I knew I must look like a total skank, exactly what I was there for.

 Although the arrangement encouraged quick sessions with the men, I still tried to be creative and flexible, ready to accommodate men with different wants and needs. Some liked to see me with multiple cocks at once, ganged by a gang. Others looked for a more individual experience, one man on one woman, usually fucking or getting sucked off.

 As I'd hoped would happen, the cameras, lights, and all that faded away as my senses were dominated by the sights, sensations, sounds, and smells of sex, cum, and interactions with the men. The familiar waves of erotic arousal, massive stimulation by fingers, hands, cocks, tongues leading to my small and large climaxes, melded into that marvelous swept away floating zone, the oceanic zone that I can only reach at a gangbang. If anything, the filming added to the mix with heat, light, and the sense of a larger audience. I loved it all.

 "What can I do for you, sailor?" I asked a nude man who approached me as I lay in the cum on the couch. I never knew what they would say.

 "I hear you're good at...um...oral?" he responded, a question in his voice.

 "Who says that?" I asked, with a grin.

 "One of those half-naked girls," he told me, starting to laugh nervously.

 I smiled at him. "It's okay, I love oral."

 He held his dick out, not sure what to do next. I put my hand around his shaft.

 "Oh, nice. But suppose I get a mouthful of your cum. Do you want me to swallow, let it drip out of my mouth, or dribble it on one of the other women?"

 He looked embarrassed.

 "Oh, shit, I don't know," he said. I felt sorry for him at that point.

 I patted a dry area of the couch and he sat down. I got on my hands and knees. In that position, I gave him his blow job and also took care of another man who fucked me from behind. The second man came quickly and left.

 When ""sailor" came in my mouth, I put my head back to swallow. I wiped my mouth on my arm.

 "Well?" I asked.

 "Awesome," he said, looking totally happy.

 Another man came up behind me and nestled his hard-on in my butt crack. He started to probe, trying to bone me in my ass, from behind.

 As I dropped down on my hands and knees again, I said, "Gotta go." Everyone around grinned or laughed.

 ~~~~~~

 It was a long evening, but became a very smooth operation. The Dispatch Girls, looking delightfully hot in their shorts, playfully directed men to join in, passed along requests or urged patience. A few times I saw one of the topless beauties playing fluffer, I guess to either help a man get a solid erection or to satisfy him when he couldn't wait.

 They weren't required to have sex with anyone. Their instructions were to do whatever felt right.

 Everyone got used to the screens. Clumps of men gathered at each one to cheer what they saw. It was like a sports bar with constant loud comments and boasting, but our party welcomed men for sex, anytime and anything they wanted. When they showed up with a request for me, it was often based on something they saw on-screen.

 Seeing myself on the screens made me hot. I was really glad Mingus was looping highlights from a few minutes ago or hours ago. I was able to enjoy my own antics, over and above what I saw while I was doing it. I don't know what a therapist would say to me, but I couldn't get enough of my own image getting fucked and cum glazed.

 As it got later, the discipline broke down a little, but no one cared. In one case, I was on my back being fucked while I sucked off a second man, slurping away as he pumped into my mouth. A third man suddenly appeared to jerk off on my boobs as they slid back and forth from the fucking motions. While I was rubbing in the cum he deposited on my tits yet another man came on my right cheek, all done quickly without interference to the first two.

 I said, "Thank you," and just kept going.

 Trina set me up for an amazing round of fun.

 "Come over here," she said. "I want to show you something."

 She took me to a couch where one of the cameramen was set up, along with a flat screen on a rolling stand.

 Trina said, "Get your head down on this side and ass up. You'll be able to see yourself on the screen.

 She was right. Two guys got into me, one kneeling on the floor to fuck my mouth while the second went into my twat from behind me on the couch. For the first time ever, I could see what was happening as they did it. The cameraman zoomed in on the dicks in my holes. I felt the motions and could see as it happened.

 I said, "That's hot, Perky." But when I looked in her direction she was gone.

 On the screen, my pussy was being entertained and a second cock was in my mouth. I was eagerly involved with both. I could feel that, of course, but being able to watch was so exciting. And then pussy man came. I felt it inside and when he popped out, the screen showed cum whoosh out of me in a blob that wet my upper legs and crack.

 When the second cock did the same thing, I watched cum drip over my lips. I put my fingers in it, excited again by the double interaction. I excitedly yelled, "I want to see more!"

 A group of men took over, working on all combinations of their cocks and my holes, working to stretch me out and make themselves come with me. I was fine with anything they wanted as long as they positioned me so I could see the screen.

 I was mesmerized by my own image, especially the close ups of my body, the cocks probing me until they came, and the fresh man taking the place of the previous one.

 After a while, the camera's attention focused on the cum bath I was getting, the excess of goo augmented by teams of men who couldn't wait to jerk off on me while the others continued to enter my body. I got to see what I look like with two cocks coming in my mouth at the same time and how I looked with my head bent back, mouth open, while groups of men filled me with their jizz.

 Knowing the camera was there had a lot of impact. When a man was finished and pulled out of my pussy, if I was on my back I spread my lips for the camera, showing the cummy pink inside. If on my front, I spread my butt cheeks so the camera didn't miss the cum leaking out of my ass.

 I knew why I liked it, why waves of arousal heat swept over my body. It was because it was all so dirty, so slutty. The dirtier the image, the more I wanted it and worked to make it happen. I was at the party to be gangbanged and the images amped it up, giving me the real thing, magnified by the big color picture of me getting it done. And the men must have liked it. More of them kept showing up to do it with me.

 Now and then I was able to view Trina or Gretch as they took on one man after another. When I had a chance, I went over to Trina and gave her a sloppy, cummy kiss. She fisted me while we kissed bringing a rain of cum from the spectators.

 When I went to watch Gretch, I dragged my sloppy, cummy tits across her face and encouraged two more men to cum on my tits and her face at once. She was incredibly hot, in demand all the time. After our little play, I went back to my spot where men and the camera were waiting.

 "Hi, guys." I reached out for two dicks. "I'm pretty horny. Can you help me with that?"

 Men nodded but no one said anything.

 "Okay, I'll start."

 I dropped in front of one man, putting his prick in my mouth to suck him off. The camera was positioned about six inches from my face.

 A second man asked, "Can you do that on all fours?"

 The camera and I adjusted so both men could use me, as so many had all evening. Every few minutes a man had his orgasm, pulled out and left, replaced by another. I was dripping cum and smeared with it, both wet and crusty, but still in demand.

 I glanced at the screen. "Wow!" I said aloud. "So much cum. It really looks better from that view, running down, dripping off me."

 There were always men standing around, watching and putting in their own comments. They responded.

 "That's why you're a cumslut, Dark."

 "Can you feel the cum dripping down your legs?"

 "What's the most men you sucked off in one night?"

 I looked around at their excited faces and extended cocks. They wanted everything we could give and pretty much got it from Gretchen, Trina, and me. I was ecstatic.

 After about four hours, we took a fifteen minute break to drink some water and stretch. I even used a towel. While I downed a bottle of Perrier, I watched two of the sexy Dispatch Girls delighting a circle of men by lustfully embracing, kissing, and feeling each other up.

 I was still hyper aroused. I had no tolerance for waiting so I went over to the first man standing nearby with an erection.

 "Do something with this bottle," I said, handing him the empty Perrier.

 He wasn't on my wavelength.

 "You want me to throw it away?" he asked.

 "No, no. Make me come with it."

 He lit up, big smile across his face.

 "I'll bet this is the first time anyone ever put a bottle in there, right?" he asked, smirking at me.

 "Well, maybe the first Perrier," I assured him, to the laughter of the group standing around.

 I lay down on the couch and he went to work, starting slow with the narrow end, then turning it around as my response demanded more. He reamed my pussy with the smooth glass, nicely shaped for the task. I was moaning and writhing from the sensations. Other men fucked my mouth while the bottle kept up the heavy stimulation. Before long I could feel the orgasm rising, expanding inside me.

 "So good, oh, oh, so good," I managed to say, before screeching out a climax, with full thrashing and whimpering. I grabbed the bottle to keep the orgasm going.

 When I was done, two men I had been sucking took the opportunity to jack off on my face while I lay there licking my taste off the bottle. Finally, I produced a cum shot from the guy who used the bottle on me, giving him a hand job onto my jugs. It's what he wanted, a little gift from me.

 When I could get up, one of the nude men standing around had another idea for me.

 "Sit on your legs and bend your head way back," he described. I followed his lead, ending up with my head between his legs, looking up at his balls, hands behind me to brace myself.

 "Here it comes," he announced as he slipped his dick through my lips and mouth, down my throat. In that position, he could go really deep. At first I thought maybe too deep.

 "Am I going to gag?" I wondered.

 I did gag a little but that was just entertainment for the men who liked a good throat fuck. He plungered me while others intensely beat off on my nicely out-thrust tits. By the time the man came, I was handling it just fine, enjoying the slippery interaction and the idea of being speared meat. Most of his cum went straight down.
