 Chapter 1 

I was walking through the airport when I saw him. Sitting at the bar, having a drink, there he was. I checked my skirt, it was not to wrinkled. But I was glad I was wearing sexy lingerie. I was hoping he would see it! I sat down next to him, and accidentally on purpose brushed his thigh.

We started talking, he was headed to Memphis, and had an hour before his flight left. I wasn't going to Memphis, but I had two hours. I laughed at his jokes, putting my hand on his thigh when I did. I noticed his wedding ring, but I didn't care. Each time I touched him, I moved my hand higher. I noticed he was growing hard as we talked. And he kept growing and growing. His cock was growing to proportions I hadn't seen before. At least outside of porn. I wanted to see it. I had to see it. I wanted this man, this stranger, more then I have ever wanted anything or anyone in my life.

I asked him if he wanted to have a little fun before his next flight, as I placed my hand on his growing cock. We looked around for a place, and I saw a family bathroom across from the bar. I grabbed his hand, after he paid his tab, and dragged him across the hall. We entered the family bathroom, and before the door was all the way closed and locked, he had me against the wall, kissing me, grinding his crotch into mine. I raised my skirt, showing him the barely there lacy thong I was wearing. He smiled as he reached for it and ripped it from my body. His fingers were inside of me, three of them, opening me up for his massive cock. And massive it was. I finally saw it as he pulled it out through the hole in his jeans. Jutting out before him, 8 inches long and at least two inches in diameter, with a large knob like head, was his cock. Already dripping precum as he brought me to orgasm with his fingers. He positioned himself so that his huge cock was brushing my opening. I was wet, had been since I saw him. 

He looked at me with a grin, then rammed himself into me with one swift motion. I came instantly as his large cockhead bumped my cervix. lifted my legs around his waist, and he held me by my ass, holding me between him and the wall. He was pounding that massive cock in and out of me quickly. He was buried to the hilt with each stroke. His balls slapping my ass as he thrust into me. I have never had anything so big inside of me. I was gushing my cum all over him with each stroke. I couldn't stop cumming; he was so big and hit me in all the right spots. After about 5 more minutes, he said he was cumming, and I felt him unload rope after rope of hot cum deep in my pussy. There was so much, it started to drip out. His cum mixed with mine and ran down my thighs when he set me down. He reached for some paper towels and helped me clean it up. But since he had ripped my thong off before, I didn't have anything to put in to help soak up the excess. We kissed one last time, and he ran for his flight. And I came to mine. And that, sir, is the reason I am sitting here next to you on the flight wiith cum dripping down my leg.

Chapter 2 

After I told my story to my seat mate, he was pretty visibly excited. He put his hand on my thigh. It got sticky. He rubbed the cum into my thigh and looked me in the eyes. His eyes were smiling, as was his mouth. He licked his lips and asked me if I would like to become a member of the mile high club, if I wasn't already.

He got a blanket from a passing flight attendant. He covered both of our laps with it and put his hand back on my thigh. He raised his hand, higher and higher, very slowly. When his fingers found my already dripping pussy, he slipped two fingers inside of me. I gasped and made the man across the aisle look at me. I smiled at him, and apologized for waking him. I didn't realize I was so loud. I bit my tongue trying to keep quiet as the fingers in me found my g-spot. I came as quietly as I could, but the sleepy passenger across the aisle knew what was going on. I smiled at him and lifted the blanket to show him my bare pussy being fucked by my seat mate. He was awake, then, and his eyes were on me. I was so glad the lights were dimmed for the evening flight. My seat mate reached behind me and unhooked my bra. Slipping it off beneath my shirt, he put it in his carry on bag. I unbuttoned another button and showed some more cleavage. Since there was a seat empty on our side of the plane, we invited the man across the aisle to join us in our row. I was in the middle.We got two more blankets and a pillow from the attendants. 

I was completely covered by the blankets, and I had the pillow covering my mouth. Under the lower blanket, two hands were touching me. One was pinching and pulling at my clit. One had three or four fingers inside of me. I was panting, trying not to make too much noise. Thank god the plane was nearly empty. The hand on my clit left for a second, and more fingers entered me. I was wide open from the stranger in the airport, so all of these fingers, (6? 7?) slipped in, filling me again. The men turned towards me and one of them lowered his mouth to my tits, sucking on my nipples in relatively plain view of anyone who walked by. I came again. And again. My seat was wet from all the juices and the strange cum flowing from my pussy. My skirt was up around my waist, so it was spared a wet spot.

The man closest to the window lifted me from my seat, keeping me covered and moved me to his lap. As I sat down, I was impaled by his rigid cock. The man on the aisle was messaging my feet and calves as I was getting fucked by the second stranger in three hours. And I knew there was one more to go before I landed. Man number one came in my pussy and moved me back to the middle seat. The aisle guy moved me to his lap and I was getting fucked again. Window guy was rubbing my clit, hard and fast. I was cumming over and over again when man number two shot his hot load of cum in my pussy. I was sad when the flight was over and I kissed the two men goodbye. Three men, three hours, and I don't know the name of a single one of them. And that, Daddy, is why you are picking me up from the airport with no panties, no bra and three loads of cum flowing out of my dripping pussy.

Chapter 3 

"Well, baby, you need to be punished for that," he said as they left the airport.

In the car, he demanded my skirt. He made me put it under my ass so I wouldn't leak cum all over his car. Once we got on the interstate for the hour drive home, he had me put my legs up on the dash board, spread so any trucker driving by could see. But it was dark enough that I was mostly hidden. He placed his hand on my thigh, running it up to my dripping pussy. He inserted three fingers quickly into me, pumping my pussy hard. I started to close my thighs around his arm, but he told me to hold myself open for him. I reached up and grabbed my trembling thighs and pulled them as far apart as I could while he fingered me to yet another orgasm.

He took his fingers out of my cum filled pussy and had me lick them clean, still holding myself wide open for anyone to see in the car window. When I was done cleaning his hands, he went back and put four fingers in my wide open cunt. It was well used today, so he needed to use more fingers to fill me than usual. His four fingers were sawing in and out I started screaming my next orgasm. He opened the window, so anyone near by could hear. That just made me moan and scream louder, thinking someone could hear me. It was different here, then on the confined airplane.

He took his wet fingers out of my pussy, and rubbed them on my clit, keeping the waves of orgasm coming. After I finally peaked and my orgasm receded, he again had me lick clean his hand. When he was clean, he told me to continue holding my knees apart as wide as they would go. I had to remain this way, open to him, the entire way home. Holding myself like this, I had no ability to control the flood of the strangers and my cum leaking on to my skirt.

He fingered me three or four more times until they reached the exit to my house, where my lover was waiting Before they got to my house, he pulled over into a park. He told me to get on her knees, with my ass in the window and suck him off before I go home. He didn't want sloppy fourths, after all. And since no one came in my mouth today, that was all his.

I put my ass to the window, bare and leaking from my pussy, for any one to see. I worked his cock free from his pants and took it immediately all the way in my mouth, just the way I've been doing for years. Just the way he liked it. Swirling my tongue around his shaft, and head, I kept my lips glued to the base of his cock. I started bobbing up and down swiftly, holding his balls in my hand. After just a few minutes, he shot his load in my mouth. I brought my head up, showed him the mouthful and then swallowed it down.

He started back to the house, where my lover awaited me, and told me to spread them again until we got there. I called ahead and asked to have the garage door open, as we would be pulling right in. When we pulled in, the door was wide open to the street as I walked, braless, pantiless, and now skirtless into the house to see what awaited me there.

Chapter 4

I walked into the house, nearly naked with my thighs covered in dried cum. My lover met me at the door and kissed me before he asked what happened. I asked where Teresa was, our girlfriend. She wasn't home from work yet. Dan walked me into the kitchen and sat me up on the counter, more like a bar really, that separated the kitchen from the dining room.. He removed my shirt. I was completely naked now, except for my shoe. He laid me back on the counter and pulled a chair up to the end. When he sat, he was eye level with my dripping, well fucked pussy. He started to probe my slit as I told my story. He was teasing me, gently, so I could talk. He knows I can't talk when I am really worked up. As I got to my public blow job in the park, he moved me to the end of the counter with my ass hanging off the end. My feet were on his shoulders. He rubbed my clit harder and I came again. My juices ran down the crack of my ass. This was all he needed to see before he started to probe my ass, as well. 

Teresa walked in and saw us in the kitchen. She removed her clothes as she asked us what was going on. Dan stood up and unzipped his flight suit. He's a paramedic and is on the flight crew at the local hospital. The suit zips open both from neck to crotch and crotch to neck. He unzipped up. He pulled his cock out and rubbed it up and down my wet slit as he told Teresa what I had been up to today. As he was telling her, she climbed up on the counter and sank her pussy down on my mouth. 

I began to lap at her pussy, licking her entire slit. Then I took each lip into my mouth and sucked them. Eventually, she settled so my mouth was on her clit. She was facing Dan and leaned in for a kiss from him as he was fucking my pussy. He pulled out and ran his cock up and down my ass, placing his cock at my tight puckered ass hole. Teresa was cumming on my face from my attention to her clit. She shifted so my mouth was now tucked in between the two perfect globes of her ass. As Dan slowly entered my ass, I slowly entered Teresa's with my tongue. Dan got all the way inside me and stopped to allow me to adjust. 

When I was ready, I gave him a thumbs up, as I couldn't talk. I brought my hand to Teresa's clit and began to pinch it. I continued rimming her ass. Dan started slowly fucking my ass. As he got faster and faster, I did as well on Teresa's body. My tongue moving faster in her ass. My fingers moving faster on her clit. She shifted again and I tongue fucked her wet pussy. She came again, covering my face with her sweet juices. I was cumming, too, with Dan's cock going in and out of my ass. Someone was pinching my nipples and my clit. I came so hard this time, I soaked Dan's flight suit. This caused him to release his cum deep in my ass.

Teresa rolled off of me and the counter and Dan sat back down. They pulled me off the counter. We were all exhausted. We shuffled off to our bedroom and collapsed in the large king size bed we all shared. Tonight, I got to be in the middle.