 After my six months were up with Jessica, I decided to run solo. There were plenty of people looking for partners, but none of them appealed to me after Jessica. I thought about picking one of them, but most was married, straight or just not looking for a part time sex partner. Since I was looking to expand my horizons so to speak, I decided I would find my conquests elsewhere.

Driving solo had its disadvantages as well. No one to take over the driving when I reached my limit at night, and sometimes when it was just me and the open road it got lonely, with no one to talk to. After about 3 months of driving solo I was home on a visit. I told dad how the road could be a lonely place and he laughed. "What's so funny?" I asked sitting at the kitchen table with him while mom cooked dinner. I was sipping on a cup of coffee with him.

"I never had that problem." He said as soon as he caught his breath. I had my trusty CB so I could talk to others on the road." He took a sip of his coffee. "Plus I had you and your sister during the summer. I never needed anybody else."

I took a sip of my coffee and thought about what he said. "A CB?" 

He nodded and smiled. "They really come in handy. Other truckers can be your best 

friend."

I tipped my head to the side. "How so?"

He smiled and took a sip of his coffee. "Well not only because they can give you someone

to talk to on a lonely night. They can let

you know about accidents on the road, road closures, as well as sometimes bad weather."

I sat back in my chair and thought about it. "So getting a CB would be a good idea?"

Mom came in from the kitchen carrying her famous fried chicken. "Dinner's ready." She said putting the platter on the table.

I smiled at her and looked back at my dad. 

He just nodded then went into the kitchen to help mom finish serving up dinner. I sat 

in my chair and sipped my coffee thinking 

about what dad had said. It was too late to go shopping tonight but tomorrow I was heading to the store to see about getting a CB radio.

Three days later I was back in the truck looking at my new cb radio. The guy at the store had helped me install it which made it nice.

I had a run to Wisconsin and was actually running about an hour behind schedule. I started the engine and headed to where I needed to pick up my load. When I got there, the guy looked at me. "You're late." He said as I climbed out of the truck.

I looked at him. "Sorry, had a hard time getting out of bed this morning."

I followed him to the warehouse where my load of cardboard was waiting to be loaded. "I'm carrying boxes?" I asked looking at the guy with a soft smile.

He shrugged and handed me the clipboard to sign off on it. "There's a new store opening up and they need merchandise. Apparently these are to put the merchandise in." He took the clipboard back after I signed it. "Hey I don't make the loads, I just load them."

After the truck was loaded, I climbed back into the cab and consulted the map looking for the best route to where I was going. I was heading to Green Bay, just inside the border. I followed the map and figured I could get there in two days, one if I pushed it. The load had to be there in three so I was ahead of schedule.

I started the truck and headed out towards the highway and my next destination.

It was night and I was nearing the end of my time for driving. The road was clear ahead and I was getting tired. I didn't see any signs for a rest area and had no idea how much further I needed to go to find one. I was out in the middle of nowhere Illinois. I had passed a couple small towns but nowhere I was willing to stop for the night. 

I heard chatter on the CB and wondered if anyone was nearby and might have an idea about where I could stop for the night. I picked up the receiver, hit the button and spoke into it. "Break 19." I said still looking out at the stars.

A deep voice came over the speaker. "Go ahead break. This is White Fang, what's your handle?"

"Tiger Lily, I'm in the middle of nowhere Illinois and wondering if anybody knows where there's a rest stop close. Come back."

I heard static then White Fang came back on. "What's your twenty?"

I told him exactly where I was and he laughed. "I'm about five miles ahead of you. There's a rest stop about 20 miles down the road. I'm getting ready to stop for the night myself. Wanna meet up there and have a beer? It's not easy finding other truckers who are so close."

I was tired, and all I wanted was sleep. At the same time it would be nice to have someone to talk to. It had been a long trip so far. "Sounds good, but it will have to be soda, I'm too young to drink."

I heard a chuckle then he came back on the line. "Really? How old are you darling? If you don't mind me asking."

I smiled as I answered him. "I'll be 19 in a couple of months."

I heard a whistle and blushed. "A youngun...Very nice. Okay soda it is. My wife don't drink either so you won't be the only one drinking soda."

I had thought about maybe seeing if he was attractive and seeing if he wanted to have some fun until he said that. It had been a while since I had gotten any and I had to admit I was horny. I sighed then responded. "Sounds great, see ya in a few."

He told me what his truck looked like and I responded in kind. We agreed to meet at the rest area in an hour.

He said goodbye and I went back to watching the road.

A half hour later I saw the sign for the rest area, five miles down the road. I yawned but kept driving. Another few minutes and I would be able to shut down for the night. When I saw the sign for the rest area I hit my turn signal and pulled in. There was only one other truck pulled in so I figured that was White Fang. I pulled into the stop beside him and shut down the truck.

I made sure everything was shut down then climbed out of the truck, heading for the bathroom. When I came out a couple minutes later I saw a man standing next to the truck beside me. In the light from the rest area, I had to admit he was handsome. He couldn't be more than thirty five with a slender build. He was dressed in a pair of blue jeans, a tight t-shirt that showed off his muscles and cowboy boots. His dark brown hair was pulled back away from his face. He held a beer bottle in his hand which he waved to me with as I walked towards him. "Tiger Lily?" he asked taking a swig from the bottle.

I smiled and nodded. "You must be White Fang." I said as I stopped about a foot from him.

He held out the hand that wasn't holding the beer. "I'm Mike."

I shook his hand and smiled. "I'm Amber."

He walked towards me and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. "Come have a drink Amber." He said sultry like pulling me towards the truck.

I eyed my truck and my bed but let him lead me to the driver's side door of his truck. He opened the door and I climbed inside. The curtain to the sleeper was open and there was a woman laying across the bed wearing nothing but a bra and a G-string. She sat up as I climbed in and smiled at me. "I'm Michelle." She said holding her hand out to me as I sat down on the double sized bed.

I turned as Mike climbed into the truck and sat down on the bed next to his wife. Then I turned my attention back to her. I took her hand in mine and shook it. "I'm Amber." I said quietly.

I watched Michelle's eyes drift down over my body then slowly move back to my face before she smiled and licked her lips. "It's nice to meet you Amber; we don't get much company being on the road seven days a week." She took the coke Mike handed her and opened it then tipped it back and took a long drink, before lowering the can and licking her lips once more.

I felt my pussy start to leak at the look in her eyes and lowered my eyes. "Yeah, I know how that goes." I replied taking the coke Mike handed me and opening it. I took a drink then held it in my lap.

"So Amber, how long you been driving?" Mike asked.

I lifted my eyes and gasped. He had his arm around Michelle's shoulder and had her bra cup pulled down and was pulling on her nipple. Michelle smiled at me and reached out and brushed her hand across my leg. I coughed and took another drink of the coke and lowered my eyes. "A-Almost a year." I stammered. "I started driving shortly after I turned 18."

Mike nodded and his eyes twinkled as he took Michelle's nipple between his fingers and squeezed it. Michelle moaned and rested her head against his shoulder. I took another sip of my coke and tried to control my breathing as I watched. "So how do you like driving?" He asked nonchalantly, pulling his arm off her shoulder and bringing it around so he could cup her pussy through her G-string.

I swallowed hard as I watched him push her G-string between her pussy lips and flicked his finger against her clit through her panties. Michelle's eyes closed and she lifted her hips towards his hand. I licked my lips as I watched and forced my eyes away. I glanced at Mike's crotch and saw the bulge of his cock. I licked my lips again and took a slow breath. "I-I love it, just the lonely nights make it hard."

Mike nodded and finished his beer. He put the empty bottle on a table next to the bed then pulled his hand away from Michelle's cunt. I sighed in relief then gasped as he pushed her to her knees and grabbed the waist band of her G-string and slid it down her legs. Michelle giggled and rested her hand on his shoulder as she slipped it off. My eyes drifted to Michelle's pussy and I licked my lips as I felt my mouth water, she was clean shaven and her pussy lips looked to be swollen with desire. Michelle settled back on the bed with her knees bent and her legs spread wide. "That's better," Mike purred reaching down and cupping her pussy once more. I swallowed hard but couldn't tear my eyes away as he spread her pussy lips open and flicked his finger against her clit. Michelle moaned and giggled as she looked at me with a smile.

I swallowed hard and clutched the can harder in my fingers. I took a nervous sip and set the can down on the table by the bed. I ran my hands over my pants and moved to stand up. "I...It's late, I should probably go." I stammered.

Michelle reached out and grasped my arm. "Please don't go, it has been so long since we had any company."

I looked down between her spread legs. Mike had two of his fingers moving slowly in and out of her pussy as he caressed her clit with his thumb. "Please stay." He said huskily.

I lifted my eyes to his, they were hungry and the way he licked his lips made my pussy start leaking even harder. "I...I really shouldn't be here." I stammered.

Mike pulled his fingers out of Michelle's cunt and reached out and ran his hand across my lips. I tasted her pussy juice on his fingers and moaned as I opened my mouth and let his fingers slip inside. "Stay and play with us, I promise you'll have a good time." He said huskily as I sucked at his fingers.

I let his fingers slip from between my lips and looked at him in surprise. "P...Play with you?"

He smiled and cupped my breast through my shirt. "Oh yeah, Michelle loves to watch me fuck other girls." I gasped as pleasure coursed through me at his touch. When he grabbed my nipple and pulled I whimpered and pulled away. He just smiled and pushed his hand back between Michelle's legs slipping his fingers inside her once more.

Michelle moaned as he fingered her faster, her hand was still locked around my arm and my eyes were glued to his hand working furiously between her legs. "P...Please stay and play with us." She panted lifting her hips against his hand.

I felt my nipples harden in my shirt and my pussy leaking like a faucet. My mouth watered at the thought of tasting that sweet pussy but I wasn't sure if they would go for that. My eyes were glued to Mike's fingers slamming hard and fast inside her. "I...Is he going to make you cum?" I sighed.

Michelle smiled, she knew they had me right where they wanted me. No matter my protests, I wasn't going anywhere. She released my arm and leaned back on her hands as she lifted her hips. "Oh yes, I love it when he fingers me like this. Then after he gets me off this way, he eats me out so nicely."

I ran my hand lightly over her leg. "I...I want to see him make you cum." I sighed licking my lips.

Michelle grinned harder. "Well keep watching sweetheart, cause I'm close." She rocked her hips back and forth as Mike slammed his fingers hard and fast inside her, his thumb mashing her clit. Mike lowered his head and took one of Michelle's nipples between his lips, sucking hard at it as he worked his hand feverishly between her legs. Michelle started panting and whimpering as he pushed her closer to release. "Oh...Oh baby yes, I'm so close, finger me." She panted thrusting her hips hard against his hand.

I started breathing heavier as I watched. My pussy was leaking so much my panties were soaked with my juices. My hand itched to reach out and play with her clit but I kept them locked together in my lap. Mike released her nipple and lifted his head looking at me. "Enjoying the show?" He asked huskily as he fingered her even faster. Michelle squealed and thrust her hips around like a mad woman.

I forced my eyes from her crotch and looked at him. "O...Oh yes." I sighed pulling my pants open and sliding my hand down inside them. My fingers brushed against my burning cunt and I moaned. Mike watched me and smiled. He leaned over and whispered in Michelle's ear. Michelle's eyes opened and she looked at me. She smiled broadly.

"Take your pants off baby...Show me that hot pussy." She breathed.

I looked at her in surprise, then stood up and pushed my pants and panties down over my legs until I was able to kick them off. Then I sat back on the bed and spread my legs wide open. I had a small sprinkling of hair covering my pussy and I saw Michelle lick her lips. "Spread yourself open..." she panted. "I wanna see all of it."

I felt suddenly self-conscious. I didn't know these people, yet they were putting on a hot sex show right in front of me. I lifted my eyes and looked at Mike. He was eyeing me hungrily. "Oh yeah, show us your pussy baby. Show me what I'm going to be sticking my hot hard cock in."

I glanced back down at Michelle's crotch, she had pussy juice sticking to her pussy lips and I licked my lips wanting so bad to suck on it. "O...Okay..." I sighed. I reached down and spread my pussy lips open to their gaze.

Mike gave a hungry growl and Michelle whimpered. "Beautiful." She panted moving harder against Mike's thrusting hand. She clenched her hands together behind her and moaned as she was pushed even closer to cumming. "Oh baby, play with your clit." She purred watching me. "Please play with it; it will make me so hot."

I gasped and my eyes widened. I actually had someone wanting me to play with myself right in front of them. I couldn't believe it. I looked over at Mike and he just smiled and nodded while licking his lips. He let out a hungry growl as he looked at me. "Oh yeah honey, play with that sweet pussy." He growled softly.

I stared at him for a minute unsure what to do. When he licked his lips and bit down on his lower lip, I melted. He looked so hot sitting there with his hand buried in Michelle's pussy. "Okay..." I sighed softly. He gave me a wolfish grin and licked his lips once more.

I slowly lowered my hand down between my legs and flicked my finger over my clit. My eyes widened even more and I moaned as electricity shot through me. "Oh god, I'm so hot." I moaned looking back between Michelle's legs.

Michelle grinned, "I know the feeling honey. Oh god, I'm cumming..." She tossed her head back and let out a loud moan as her body spasmed with release.

"Ugh, oh god." I moaned watching her as I flicked my finger harder over her clit.

Mike pulled his fingers from her clenching cunt and held them out to me. I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around his fingers sucking off all the pussy juice. Michelle watched me with a soft smile on her face. She reached out with her foot and pressed against my pussy. I looked at her as I let Mike's fingers slip from between my lips. "Wanna watch him eat me now?" She cooed.

I couldn't breathe. My nipples were rock hard and pressing against my bra and shirt. My pussy was burning with an intensity I hadn't experienced in quite a while and she was offering me more. I opened my mouth but no words came out. I swallowed hard, then nodded. "Oh yes please." I sighed softly.

She rubbed her foot up and down against my pussy. I moaned as she brushed against my clit. "You gonna play with yourself while he does?" She asked huskily.

"I...If you want me to." I stammered.

Michelle smiled brightly. "Oh yes, I love watching other girls fuck themselves while Mike eats me. I love it almost as much as I love watching him fuck other girls. Please put on a hot show for me. It will get me off that much harder."

I licked my lips and tried to catch my breath. "C...can I eat you while he fucks me?" I asked brazenly.

Michelle's eyes widened and she gasped. "Y...You want to eat me?" She asked stunned.

I smiled softly. "Oh yes, my mouth is watering like crazy wanting to taste you."

She looked at me for a minute. "D...do you want me to eat you?"

I shook my head. "Only if you want to. I will make myself cum while he eats you if you let me eat you out while he fucks me."

Michelle seemed to consider that for a minute then she smiled. "Okay, I love having my pussy eaten so why not."

Mike looked from Michelle to me and back to Michelle. "Someone want to clue me in?"

I smiled at him. "I'm going to play with myself while you eat out Michelle." He nodded, "then you're going to fuck me I guess." Again he nodded and smiled. "While you fuck me, I'm going to eat Michelle."

Mike's eyes widened and he looked at his wife. "Is that okay with you?"

She smiled and shrugged. "She doesn't expect me to eat her and you know how much I love having my pussy eaten. It really doesn't matter to me."

Mike shook his head. "Okay whatever works. But I thought you wanted to watch me fuck her. How can you watch me if you're getting eaten?"

Michelle reached up and cupped his face. "I can still watch you if you fuck her doggie style, or missionary. I can always sit on her face. If you fuck her missionary I can really watch you fuck her like I like love."

He nodded and looked back at me. "That work for you?"

I just grinned. "Hey this is your party. I'm just the guest; as long as I get my mouth on that hot pussy I don't care how she does it."

Mike smiled and shook his head. "Okay, whatever works. So we ready to have fun ladies?"

I smiled at him and rubbed my finger lightly over my clit. I shivered as pleasure coursed through me. "Oh yeah."

Mike looked at Michelle who grabbed his hair and pushed his head between her legs. "Eat me lover." She purred lifting up against him.

Mike moaned and tilted his head back just a bit so I could get a perfect view of what he was doing between her legs. He lifted his head and smiled at me. "Can you see?"

I moved over a couple of inches and nodded. I rubbed my clit a couple of times then shoved two fingers into my burning slit and started slowly working them in and out. Mike watched me for a minute and licked his lips. "God I can't wait to taste that sweet pussy." He growled.

I smiled at him and bucked my hips. "It's all yours handsome."

He growled again then dove into his wife's pussy with his lips and tongue. He flicked his tongue a few times carelessly over her clit as he pushed two fingers inside her. Michelle leaned back on her hands and watched me playing with my cunt. Her eyes never left my fingers slowly working in and out. "Mmm, oh yeah baby." She purred bucking up with her hips against his hungry mouth.

I rolled my clit around in my fingers as I slowly fingered myself, my eyes locked on Mike's mouth between Michelle's legs. He licked at her clit a few more times then took the small nub between his lips and pulled on it. Michelle squealed and slammed her pussy up against him. "Fuck, suck my clit baby." She cried tangling her fingers in his hair.
