 A couple of weeks ago my wife and I settled down to a quiet night in with a couple of videos and some wine. The rain had been lashing at the windows all day and had just turned to snow. Every so often, I would get up and have a look though the curtains to see how bad the weather was. 

"It looks pretty rough out there," I said to Susan. "I'm glad I'm in here and not stuck out there," I added.

"So and I," she said smiling. She had that twinkle in her eye, which meant that she was getting horny. Once she has had got through a bottle of wine she gets pretty uninhibited. She was slouched sexily across the couch. She was wearing a semi-transparent blouse with no bra on underneath. I could make out those gorgeous dark nipples straining against the fabric. Her short black skirt had rode up and her little lace white panties were clearly visible. I slid onto the couch next to her and as I leaned over to kiss her, I slipped my hand inside the blouse and gently tugged at her nipple. She moaned softly and grabbed the back of my head as she tongued me sexily.

Just then there was a knock at the door. I cursed the interruption as I got up to answer it adjusting my trousers so as to hide my already erect cock. I opened the front door and there standing in front of me was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She was in her mid twenties. Her long curly red hair, which was falling down over her shoulders, was already covered in snow. She was wearing a long black dress coat and she smiled at me from behind the collar which she had turned up to protect her face from the blizzardous conditions. Just then, a guy appeared at her side. He had just run up the drive to catch up to her and was a little out of breath. The woman smiled and informed me that their car had broken down. She asked if she could use our telephone to contact a garage. They had tried their mobile but could not get a signal in the storm. I invited them in to the house and showed the woman who had introduced herself as Samantha where the telephone was. The guy who was also in his twenties came in to the room with me while Samantha used the phone. He introduced himself as Chris. It was then that I noticed him casting furtive glances at Susan's tits. I had totally forgot that she had that see though blouse on. Susan did not seem to mind and had made no attempt to cover herself up. In fact I could see her eyeing Chris up. He was quite tall with fair hair and piercing blue eyes. He looked like the sort of guy who was into sports and keeping fit. 

It was then that Samantha came back into the room. She said that she had tried quite a few numbers and that no one was prepared to come out in the storm. They all said that it would not be until the morning that they could have a look at her car. Chris asked if there was anywhere locally where they could stay the night. I was just going through the different hotels and B & Bs in my mind when Susan announced that she would not hear of it. The pair of them could stay the night at our house. Chris and Samantha took off their coats and I noticed that they were soaked to the skin. They must have walked for a while in the rain and snow because their clothes were dripping wet. Susan quickly took charge and gave them some bath robes and towels and showed them where the shower was. While they disappeared, I asked Susan if she did not want to change her blouse. She brushed off my suggestion saying it was okay and that I was being a prude. 

"Anyway, you can't see that much" she said getting some more wine out from the rack. After about ten minutes, Samantha and Chris appeared wearing our bathrobes looking suitably refreshed. Susan gave them a huge glass of red wine each and quizzed them on all the things that women like to know. It transpired that they were newly married and that they were going out to a party when they broke down. As the night went on and the wine flowed, it became more apparent that they were newly married. They were snuggling up to each other holding hands and as the night wore on they started kissing each other passionately as if we were not there. Susan was getting in the same mood and we kissed a little. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that Chris had slipped his hand up Samantha's robe and was gently stroking the inside of her thigh. This was getting hot. Samantha suddenly stopped and asked Susan why she thought she had married Chris.

"Well, he's a good looking boy," my wife suggested.

"Yes, and because he has the biggest cock I have ever seen," added Samantha. 

It came as a bit of a shock to me hearing this sweet and innocent looking girl come out with such a statement.

"Oh, I see," was all that Susan could manage.

"You can have a look if you like" said Samantha. "I love showing it off to people. Would you like to see it?"

Without even looking at me, Susan nodded. Samantha who was now sitting on the floor looked up at Chris. She reached up and undid the tie on his robe and slowly opened the front and slipped it off his shoulders. I heard Susan gasp. Hanging loosely down from Chris's groin was the largest thing I have ever seen. It must have been about eight inches long and it wasn't even hard! His big balls were hanging down behind it from the effects of the hot shower, no doubt. I was right about Chris. His body was muscular and well toned. This guy obviously worked out. But it wasn't his physique but his cock that was the most impressive. Samantha reached up and gently tickled his balls. Susan and myself watched mesmerised as his cock slowly started to twitch and rise up to Samantha's ministrations. She then slowly, but firmly pulled his foreskin back tightly until you could see his glans, as big as a plum glowing an angry red colour. His cock was totally erect now and standing up past his navel. It looked as hard as granite.

Samantha looked at Susan. "Would you like to feel it?"

Susan looked at me and I nodded. I could feel precum oozing from my cock at the thought of watching my wife handling someone else's cock. 

"Yes please" she said smiling. She moved over the floor until she was kneeling next to Samantha. I followed her, my heart pounding with excitement. The thought of my wife fondling some other man's cock was giving me the biggest hard on my life. However, it was nothing compared to Chris's. This thing was huge. Samantha took Susan's hand and placed it on Chris's cock. She could not get her hand all the way round it. She just sat there hypnotised by its size. Samantha then started moved Susan's hand up and down the shaft for her and she snapped out of her daze.

"You want to touch it as well?" Samantha said looking at me. I felt a bit guilty and looked at Chris.

"It's okay mate," he said. I reached over and wrapped my hand round it higher up than Susan's and began wanking him off. Susan followed my lead.

"Do you want to suck it?" Samantha said. Susan who normally does not suck me off unless she is really drunk immediately placed her mouth over the end of Chris's cock taking those massive glans in her cheeks and started sucking. I took my hand off and watched in awe as she really got down to giving him a blowjob. Samantha joined in licking the underside of his shaft and taking his balls in her mouth. I looked up at Chris. He looked like he was in heaven and who would not be with two attractive women sucking their cock. Susan just stopped sucking to take a breath when Samantha caught her arm.

"Would you like to feel what it is like inside you?" she asked. Susan looked at me and before I said anything Samantha added that she would be missing the experience of a lifetime. Susan looked pleadingly at me. 

"Okay then, call it a late birthday present" I said smiling. Samantha took this as a signal to start unbuttoning Susan's blouse. 

"We've both been ogling these tits all night. We might as well see them in the flesh" Samantha said smiling. She slipped my wife's blouse away from her shoulders and her tits fell into view. Chris immediately reached for them and started expertly rubbing her nipples and gently squeezing her tits. Susan stood up and dropped her skirt to the floor. She was now standing there in just her lace panties - a small wet patch clearly visible through the silken material.

"You will need to get her very wet" Samantha said to me indicating Chris's huge cock bobbing around inches from our eyes. I gently pulled my wife's knickers down and she sat down on the couch opening her legs wide enough so that everyone had a good look at her jet-black crotch. I quickly got to work flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue the way she liked it. I ran my tongue up and down the full length of her lips for a couple of minutes before driving it up inside her like a little cock. Samantha came over and inserted a finger into my wife's crack and announced that she was wet enough.

"It's best doggy style" she said smiling at Susan. 

"Well I want the best" said Susan quickly slipping onto all fours on the carpet. Chris positioned himself behind her and gently rubbed the top of his cock around Susan's entrance. 

Susan let out a low moan. "Oh that's nice" she murmured. Chris took this as a signal and gently began sliding his monster inside her. "My God" Susan gasped as she took all of him in. She let out a loud deep moan as it kept going in. "God, this is incredible" she gasped.

Samantha told me to get underneath her and lick her clit the way I was doing before. I slid underneath her and what a site greeted me. My wife in all of her glory being rammed from behind by this thumping great monster. I started to lick her clit and then suck it into my mouth. I suddenly felt Samantha's hands pulling at the belt on my pants and sliding both my trousers and shorts down.

"Wow, you are excited" she said as I felt my cock spring into view. She started wanking me to the same rhythm as I was sucking Susan's clit. I then felt the unmistakable warm wet sensation of a mouth sliding over my shaft. At the sight me being sucked off by another woman, Susan collapsed into a crashing orgasm. Chris's cock started spasming before my eyes, which signalled that he was pumping his thick hot cum into my wife. I just got out from Susan before she collapsed in ecstasy on the carpet.

"You two carry on" she said between gasps of breath. Samantha stood up and dropped her robe. God, she was gorgeous. She had nice big firm tits and her crotch was neatly covered with a well trimmed thatch of copper curls. Her lips, however, had been expertly shaved smooth.

"I don't think I'll be much of a match for your husband" I apologised. 

"That's okay" she said "there are more things to fucking." She lay down on the floor and positioned me so that I was straddling her tits. She pushed them together and ordered me to fuck them. The way she ordered me around started to really turn me on. My cock was so wet it slipped easily in and out of her tits. My wife is not big enough to do this and it was a whole new experience for me.

"You, lick me now" she barked. At first I thought she meant me but when I made a move she grabbed my thighs. "Not you, your wife" she said. I was just about to tell her that Susan would probably not want to when I looked round and saw Susan eagerly licking her crotch. At the sight of this I nearly exploded. Chris was sitting cross legged watching us tend to his wife while he masturbated like fury. "Cum on my tits" Samantha shouted, "cum on my nipples." 

"I am going to" I grunted between thrusts. 

"You must do exactly as I tell you" Samantha gasped "cum on my nipples and then suck it off, will you do that?"

"Yes" I said being slightly bemused by the request. At this point I think I would have said anything.

"You promise?" she asked again.

I nodded. I looked round to see Susan licking away, her rear was in the air and Chris was positioned behind her clearly fucking her from behind for the second time that night. At the sight of this I felt myself starting to cum. I took my cock out from between Sam's tits and wanked it for all that it was worth, taking care to point it at one of Samantha's nipples. The first jet covered it in creamy cum. I quickly swapped it to her other nipple and gave that a blast. I repeated this a couple of times and drained the remnants over the rest of her tits.

"Lick it off now!" I heard Samantha yell, "make me clean."

I bent down and sucked her nipples dry savouring the not too unfamiliar taste of myself as Samantha shuddered to an incredible orgasm.

I cannot wait until April. My birthday is in April and Chris and Samantha have promised to come round and help me celebrate it.