 When I first met my partner Leo, I was infatuated with him. Standing at over six feet tall, with dark brown hair and blue eyes, I was immediately drawn to him. I had never met someone who could make me feel weak at the knees in love, but dripping wet at the same time. 

We had been in a sex filled relationship for two years, when he was offered his dream job in a small town three hours away from the city. I knew that he had always dreamed of being a chef, and I was not going to stand in his way. I immediately quit my job, and we made the move to Klendton. 

We had been able to rent a small house from one of the other chefs at his work. It had one bedroom and a loft. It was quickly decided that the loft would be set up with one thing in mind, sex. 

It was moving day, and I had stupidly forgotten to leave out appropriate clothing for lifting boxes. We had been out for dinner the night before, resulting in my moving clothes, consisting of a short, white, tight dress. I felt embarrassed, although Leo attempted to reassure me that I looked good. 

Arriving at the house, I was introduced to Henry. He stood at six feet tall, was muscular and sported two tattoo sleeves. He smelt of body odour and tobacco. He apologised for his appearance and stated that we had "interrupted" him. For some reason when he said this, my eyes were drawn to his crutch. Seeing his semi erect cock, I tried not to giggle. I did not think anything more about Henry that day, other than how helpful he was. He helped me lift anything and everything, however, I just put this down to being polite. 

After a week of Leo leaving for work at 7am and returning at midnight, I became lonely. I had resigned from my job in an office, to follow my passion of writing. I thought that this would make me happy, not bored and lonely. 

At around 6pm one night, I opened my closet and saw my favourite dress. It was a cute dress that was made from lace. It showed off my curves, and had resulted in a lot of attention from both sexes. I put on my skimpy black g-string and a dash of red lip stick. I had opened a bottle of wine, and was singing and dancing, until I heard a knock at the door. Slipping into my dress, I opened the door, and Henry was standing there. I don't know why, but seeing him standing there at my door, dressed in his chef's pants and singlet, made me see him in a new light. Looking at his arms, I saw that they were defined yet not too big. Trying not to be too noticeable, I looked him up and down, and saw his cock was fully erect in his pants. Blushing, he told me that he had left a bag in the laundry and asked if he could look for it. I agreed and he came into the house looking sheepish. He entered the laundry and took a medium sized bag from under the sink. He then asked me if I had plans. I admitted that I did not have plans, as I had found it difficult to make friends in such a small town. Before I knew what I was saying, I asked him to stay for a drink. He agreed and we settled down on the couch, with a glass of wine each. 

We got talking, and spoke from everything. The topics ranged from stupid Youtube videos to politics. After a few wines, I started to ask him questions about what was in the bag. He started to blush, which caused me to push more. I don't know if it was the wine, or a genuine sexual attraction, but I started to play fight with him. Whilst we were play fighting I could feel myself dripping, wanting him. I could smell my juices and I knew that he could too. I tried to get away from him, and rubbed my ass on his bulging cock, before standing in front of him. I walked over to my TV and turned it on. His eyes grew as he was greeted by a video of me, inserting a dildo into my pussy. He looked at me, and admitted that, he had started work early and was feeling horny. He said that earlier that day he and Leo had been talking about sex, and he enjoyed hearing about the sexual fetishes of Leo's that I had fulfilled. He said that he did not have the intention of fucking me, but when he got home, he realised that his bag of toys, was still under the sink.

With out saying anything, I unzipped my dress and let it fall to my feet. Henry looked my body up and down, before making a comment that my tits were bigger than he could have imagined. I then crawled over to him, before kissing his cock through his pants. We were both feeling horny, and it was visible. I pulled down his pants, and his vein covered cock sprung out of his pants. I saw it glistening with pre cum, and got to work. I placed my hands on his balls, and started to lick his uncircumcised tip. I moved my hands from his mouth and onto his hairy ass. As I placed my fingers into his ass crack and pulled his ass forward, I heard him moan. I let him fuck my face, as my fingers crept closer to his ass hole. He kept moaning, but then stopped and looked shocked. He asked how I knew that he was bi-curious. I told him that I did not know, but I could help him have some fun. 

Pushing Henry back onto the couch, I put in another DVD, one in which, I insert a dildo into Leo's ass. Henry looked at it shocked and then started to rub his own cock. I saw him watch Leo's ass, as I inserted the dildo and sucked his cock. Henry looked at me, and moaned. I asked him if this was something he wanted to try, and before I could get the words out, he unzipped his bag and pulled out a dildo. He told me that he has inserted one into his own ass before, but the thought of a female doing it, made him rock hard. I shook my head, and went into the bathroom. I could hear Henry playing with his cock, as he watched me leave the room. He looked in shock, as I bought back my double ended dildo. He looked wide eyed at me. I grabbed his glistening cock, and told him that it has been well used and I knew what I was doing.

As I lubed up the dildo, I could see Henry watching Leo on the video. His hard on raged and I was scared he would cum before I had inserted the dildo into his ass. I turned off the TV as I inserted the dildo into my dripping pussy. I had always been turned on by gay sex, and the thought of Leo sticking his hard thick cock into Henry's hairy ass made my juices flow. I pulled my end of the dildo out, and inserted the other end. The end covered with my juices put up a bit of a fight, but then easily slipped into Henry's ass. I could tell that he had been a regular at fucking his own ass. 

To be continued.