 The flight was long, but very interesting.  Marlissa, obviously still thinking about the wonderful week we’d spent with Kyle and Jody, was still feeling frisky and mischievous.  As soon as I lowered my tray in anticipation of the in-flight snack, Marlissa slid her hand underneath the tray and playfully squeezed my package.  I immediately got a semi-hard on.  It was a late evening flight, and the lights were turned down.  I was sure no one was looking, so I did nothing to stop her from massaging my cock and balls through the loose sweat pants I was wearing.  I guess I was still in a high state of arousal after spending several glorious days, fucking and sucking with Kyle and Jody in every possible way.

After our snack, I leaned in close to her, and said, “Go to the lavatory, take off your panties, and come back to your seat.”

She shot a sideways glance at me and muttered, “Yeah right.  You wish.”

“Listen,” I said, “it’s obvious that you’re horny as hell.  I intend to take care of you.”

She turned and looked at me full in the face this time, “Oh yeah?  And how are you going to do that on this airplane?”

I said, “Marlissa, we’ve begun something that is new to both of us.  But I think I’m really going to enjoy exploring our new sexual attitude.  I’ve begun to recognize a side of me that I didn’t know existed.  I think you’ve recognized something new inside yourself, too.”  She hesitated, but nodded.  “One thing I think both of us enjoyed most about this last week, is you allowing yourself to be handled roughly and controlled, pushing the edges of your comfort zone.  Am I right?”

She looked out the window and for a moment I thought she might disagree.  But when she turned back to face me, she had a slightly embarrassed, but giddy smile on her face.  “Yes,” she said, “it’s been scary and sometimes uncomfortable, but all in all, I’ve found that I like being submissive to you, and to other men and women for your enjoyment.  I never thought I’d hear myself say this,” she said as she shook her head, still smiling, “but I do like being your little fuck bitch.”

“Well then,” I said firmly, “get your ass into the lavatory, remove your panties, and come back here.  Now.”  She looked at me with a questioning look, and was about to say something, but the look I gave her caused her to shut her mouth, and get up.  I smiled to myself.

While she was gone, I asked the flight attendant for two blankets.  Marlissa was wearing a comfortable short sleeved dress, dropping to mid thigh. When returned, she avoided looking me in the eye.  There was a deep glowing red in her cheeks, and she was breathing through her mouth.  All the clear signs of arousal I’d come to recognize over the years.  I shook out one blanket and laid it on her lap.  I shook out the other one and laid it on my lap.  I slowly and quietly slipped my hand under her blanket and placed my hand on her thigh.  I felt her involuntarily flinch, then relax.  I slid my hand down until I found the hem of her dress.  I slowly pulled it back until it bunched up at the top of her thighs.  She gave a low groan and glanced around quickly, seeing if anyone might be watching, catching on to what was happening.

“Spread your knees a little,” I whispered to her.  She did.  I let my hand slide down the inside of her thigh, my pinky sliding along her slit, which was surprisingly hot and moist.  I extended my pinkie and wiggled it a little, letting it nestle into the lips of her pussy.  She moaned again, very softly.  I then turned my palm and fully cupped her cunt with my hand, letting my middle finger slide into her slit.  I dipped my hand lower and slid my finger into her wet hole.  She gasped audibly.  We both glanced around, knowing that someone must have heard her.  Sure enough, across the isle sat a young, well dressed man and a beautiful young woman.  Both turned their head in our direction.  Marlissa clamped her legs together and stiffened, but I made no attempt to remove my hand.  The blanket in Marlissa’s lap hid what was happening underneath, but it was clear that my hand was under there.  The woman was looking at the blanket in Marlissa’s lap, then she lifted her eyes and looked at me for a tiny instant, then snapped her eyes away from me and busied herself thumbing through a magazine.  The young man looked at me, then at the blanket, then at me again and raised his eyebrows at me in a questioning manner.  I smiled and winked at him.  He grinned broadly at me, then whispered something in his female companion’s ear.  She glanced at Marlissa, and the blanket in her lap, then giggled and elbowed the man in his ribs.

Marlissa put her head back and moaned, “Oh my God, Ian.  The know!”

“So what,” I said.  “Spread your knees.”

“No!” she hissed.  “I can’t!”

“Do it,” I said firmly, “you’re my little fuck bitch, remember?  You’ll do what I say, when I say it.  Now spread your knees.”

I felt a quiver run through her body, but I felt her thighs part.  I immediately slid my hand lower and slid my middle finger into her cunt.  It was hot and very, very wet.  I pushed my ring finger into her hole along with the other finger and pushed them as deep as I could.  Marlissa’s mouth opened in a silent moan, but no sound escaped her throat.  I slid my fingers out of her pussy hole and slid them up until I found the swollen nub of her clit.  I squeezed it between my two wet fingers and began a firm circular rubbing motion.  Marlissa shuddered and thrust her hips forward a bit.  I slid my fingers down and into her hot cunt hole again, pushing them in as hard and as far as I could.

I glanced to my left across the isle and saw both the man and the woman watching Marlissa, her head back against the head rest, eyes closed, lost in her arousal.  It was almost comical when they both noticed me looking at them look at my wife and then snapped their heads back into their magazines simultaneously.  I smiled and went back to finger fucking my wife sitting next to me.

I repeated the process of sliding two fingers in and out of her tight hole, then firmly rubbing her clit for a minute, then back to finger fucking.  After a few minutes of this, she reached under the blanket and grasped my hand, shoving it hard into her.  Her head pressed back against the seat and her back arched.  I felt her pussy muscles clamping and convulsing around my fingers as she came.  I did not look at the couple across the isle to my left, but I could see at the edge of my peripheral vision that they were both staring at us, especially Marlissa.  My wife drew in a sharp breath and held it.  Her pelvis spasmed and thrust against my finger.  To anyone paying attention, it was obvious that the woman sitting next to was cumming, hard.

Finally, Marlissa let out her breath in a shuddering sigh, and her body slumped into her seat.  I pulled my fingers from her sopping pussy and put them in my mouth, savoring her juices.  While doing so, I glanced at the couple next to me and they both held my gaze and smiled.  The man grinned and mouthed the word, “Nice”.  I just smiled and saluted them with my wet fingers.  The woman next to him squirmed in her seat and fanned herself with her magazine.  She was obviously turned on by what she witnessed.  I was glad.

On the sidewalk outside the terminal, Marlissa and I glanced up and down, trying to spot a cab that would take us home.  A long black limo pulled to the curb directly in front of us and the rear window slid smoothly and silently down.  A face emerged out of the interior shadow of the car, and I immediately recognized him as the man sitting across from us on the plane.

“Looks like you two could use a ride,” he said with a grin.

“Yes,” I said, “we’re waiting for a cab to take us home.”

“Where are you headed?” he asked.  I told him the town where we lived, about an hour’s drive from where we were.  “You’re in luck,” he said, “we’re headed that way ourselves.  Please, let us give you a lift.  It’s the least we can do after the wonderful show you gave us on the plane.”  He grinned at me, then looked at Marlissa and winked.

Marlissa groaned and turned away in utter embarrassment.  “I knew we’d get caught,” she muttered irritably.   I just laughed.

“Sure,” I said, “we’d be honored.”

Marlissa snapped her head around and gave me a look of total incredulity.  “Ian, no!  I couldn’t!  I can’t even look these people in the eye!”

I ignored her and threw our bags into the open trunk, then slammed it shut.  I looked at Marlissa square in the face then pointed at the open rear door.  “Get in, darling.  The fun hasn’t even started yet.”  Her mouth opened in amazement, but no words would come out.  She looked at the smiling face of the man in the limo, then back at me.  I walked to her and took her by the elbow, steering her to into the limo.  She resisted at first, but my grip was firm and insistent.  She ducked her head and slid onto the rear bench seat next to the man.  His female companion sat on the other side of him, to his left.  I ducked into the car and took a seat by myself on the long bench seat opposite them, my back to the driver.

“My name is Ian,” I said cheerfully, “This is my wife, Marlissa.”

“Nice to meet you Ian, Marlissa,” the man said.  “My name is Austin, and my girlfriend Amy.”

“Nice to meet you, Austin, Amy,” I said.

For the first time, I really got a good look at Amy.  She was about 5’ 11”, a little taller than Marlissa, long straight blond hair, dazzling blue eyes, and a slim elegant body.  Her breasts were above average in size, floating nicely under her loose blouse.  The legs jutting out from her short black skirt were crossed at the knee, long and slender.  I let my eyes roam all the way down to her mid-sized high heels and admired the delicate bone-thin ankles, a weakness of mine.  When my eyes eventually made their way back to her face, I found her clear blue eyes staring at me with a frank hostility.  I don’t think she was happy about us being there.  But Austin was grinning and openly assessing Marlissa’s 5’ 10” athletic frame.  Marlissa was looking straight ahead, trying not to notice how Austin was looking at her.  I could tell he liked what he saw.  Marlissa is in great shape and her short, red, boyish haircut perfectly accentuated the delicate bone structure of her face and porcelain skin.  Her tits were not nearly as large as Amy’s, but in my opinion were perfectly proportional to her tight body.

“Like I said,” Austin finally said, “we really enjoyed the show you gave us on the plane.  Do you two do that often?”

“No!” Marlissa blurted, shooting me an irritated look.

“No,” I repeated, more calmly, “But we’ve been experimenting with a lot of new things recently.  I just thought it would be fun to try that.”

“It sounds like Marlissa wasn’t as excited about it as you were Ian, but if I’m not mistaken, it wasn’t an entirely unpleasant experience for her, was it?”  He was speaking to me, but he as looking at Marlissa.

“No, I think she eventually came around,” I said with a grin.  Everyone laughed.  Except Marlissa, but she couldn’t hide the slight grin.

Still looking directly at Marlissa, but speaking to me, he said, “Does Marlissa always do what you want her to, even if she’s not comfortable with it?”
Marlissa and I exchanged an amused look, both of us grinning now.  “She hasn’t always, Austin, but we’ve recently come to a new kind of arrangement.  She’ll do anything I tell her to.”  Austin took his eyes off my wife and looked at me, eyebrows raised.  I added, for dramatic affect, “ANYthing,” and smiled.

“Anything,” he muttered.  He then turned to Amy and said it again to her with a smile on his face, “Anything.”

Amy looked pointedly out the window, still giving off a slightly hostile vibe and muttered, but loud enough for all of us to hear, “Well at least I’m not the only one.”

Now it was my turn to look at Austin with eyebrows raised, questioning.  He just smiled back at me and said the word again, “Anything.”

“Well, now,” I said, “sounds like this could be fun.”

“Yes,” he said.  He looked at Marlissa, then back at me.  “Is she still not wearing any panties?”  I reached into my pocket and pulled Marlissa’s satin panties from my pocket, letting them dangle from my finger.

“Oh my God, Ian,” Marlissa snarled, “put those away, please!”  Austin laughed and applauded, Amy looked at the panties, then at Marlissa, then back out the window.  She shifted uncomfortably in her seat and sighed.

Austin turned to Amy and said, “Amy, darling, to be fair, would you be so kind…”

“I knew it,” Amy said resigned.  She uncrossed her legs, lifted the hem of her skirt, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her bright yellow thong panties and slid them down her legs and over her lovely ankles, having to pause briefly to untangle them from the buckles of her high heels.  She tossed them into Austin’s lap.  Before she lowered the hem of her dress, she actually lifted in higher and spread her legs, giving me a clear shot of her clean shaven pussy.  “There.  See?  She and I are all even, now.”  She then lowered her skirt hem and looked pointedly out the window.

“Very nice, though, Amy.  Thank you.”  I looked at Marlissa and said, “Honey, Amy has shown us her beautiful pussy, would you please let us have a look at yours?”

Marlissa opened her mouth to speak, her face flushed and a brief flash of anger flickering in her eyes.  I simply raised my finger in the air and gave her a stern look.  She closed her mouth, but sat still and rigid glaring at me.  Again I said, “Come on, darling, you have a lovely pussy.  I just love redheads, don’t you Austin?”

Austin said, “Oh yes, but I’ve never seen a red haired pussy first hand.  I’d love to see it.”

I looked at Marlissa and nodded pointedly at her lap.  She glanced at Austin, then glared back at me.  I could tell she was conducting a heated debate in her head.  Finally, she gave me a cool smile and turned ¾ toward Austin.  She spread her knees as wide as the car seat would allow and lifted the hem of her dress up to her belly button.  Her closely trimmed, bright red bush perfectly framed a luscious pair of pouting pink pussy lips, still glistening with juices left over from our in flight activities.

“Wow,” Austin sighed in amazement, “that is truly beautiful.”

Even Amy couldn’t resist a look, as she craned her neck around Austin and looked at my wife’s naked cunt, flanked by two creamy white thighs.  “Yeah, that is nice, Marlissa.  If I had beautiful hair like that, I wouldn’t shave my pussy, either.”

“Thank you all,” Marlissa said somewhat sarcastically, “I glad I meet with all of your approval.”  We all chuckled, even Marlissa.

“I love women who don’t mind doing what their told, don’t you Ian?”

“Yes, I do, Austin.”  I then nodded to Amy.  “May I?”

“By all means,” he said with a magnanimous smile.  “What’s mine is yours, buddy.”

“Thank you,” I said.  “Amy, come here, sit beside me for a moment.”

Amy looked up sharply at me, then at Austin.  He turned to her and nodded.  “Go ahead darling.”  Amy sighed and moved over next to me, but immediately turned and looked out the window.

“Austin,” I said, slide over a bit, give Marlissa some room.”  He hesitated, but then shrugged and slid over.  “Marlissa, would you please lay down on the seat, open Austin’s pants and suck his cock for us?”

The silence was deafening.  Austin looked at me, then at Marlissa.  Amy was now looking at me with a mixed look of awe and fear.  “Go ahead, darling.  I bet Austin has a nice cock, doesn’t he, Amy?”

Amy continued to look at me, then at Austin, and then Marlissa.  “Yes, he’s got a nice cock.”

“There you go, Marlissa.  Give it a taste.  Show him what we’ve learned this week.”

Marlissa looked at me then smiled.  To my relief, she leaned forward, almost laying on her belly on the long bench seat and began unbuckling the belt of Austin’s slacks.

“Oh my God,” Amy gasped.  “She’s really doing it.”

Marlissa got his belt unbuckled and his pants unzipped.  She pulled them open just enough to reach down into the waistband of his boxers and pull out a rigid 9” cock.  He lifted his ass and slid his pants and underwear all the way down to his ankles, then leaned back into the seat back.  Marlissa ran her hand up and down the shaft of his blue-veined cock, then down to cup his ample nut sack.  With one final insolent look at me and Amy, she lowered her head into his lap and slid her lips over the bulbous head of his cock.  Austin threw his head back and moaned.

“Austin, Marlissa really likes to suck cock.  But what we’ve recently discovered is that she likes to have her throat fucked.  Hard.  Grab her hair and stuff your cock into her throat.  Let her breathe once in while, but fuck her face like it was a pussy.”

Austin need no further encouragement.  “Oh yeah,” he said, and grabbed my wife’s head with both hands.  Slowly but steadily, he shoved her head down.  Marlissa groaned and whimpered, until her wind was cut off by a huge cock sliding into her throat.  He held her head there, her chin against his balls, for a good 20 seconds, then lifted her head up to the end of his shaft.  “Oh, yes, baby, swallow my cock.”  He then pushed her head down again, cutting off another moan and whimper.

I unbuckled my belt and kicked my shoes off.  I slid my pants down my legs, then off.  Without even looking at her or saying a word, I grabbed Amy by the back of her head, taking a firm grip on a fist full of long blond hair.

“No, no, no,” she pleaded.  “Austin, please!”

Austin just said, “Fuck!” and continued to fuck my wife’s throat with his cock, picking up the pace.  Marlissa was now up on all fours on the seat, her ass in the air, her mouth bearing down on his cock with a deep wet sucking sound.

I ignored Amy’s pleas and pulled her head into my lap.  With my other hand, I pointed my cock at her face, and when it touched her mouth, her lips parted and my cock slide all the way to the back of her throat in one stroke.  I groaned and pulled her head up and off my cock.  I scooted forward on the seat, spread my knees far apart, and thrust my pelvis forward.  I pushed her head down and pressed her mouth to my balls.  She knew exactly what I wanted.  It was obvious she knew her way around a man’s dick.  She sucked and licked my balls, even sliding her tongue down, almost to my asshole.  I pulled her head back up and impaled her mouth again with my thick cock.  She moaned and whimpered, much like Marlissa.  The caused both Austin and my wife to briefly look over to see me fucking Amy’s mouth.  I locked eyes with my wife and she winked at me, then went back to gobbling Austin’s cock with gusto.

I continued to fuck Amy’s mouth with my cock, watching my wife getting the same treatment from a total stranger.  After a few minutes I pulled Amy’s head off my cock an moved across to Marlissa and Austin.  “Okay, that’s enough for now.  Austin, if you please, would you get up and allow Marlissa to lie down?” With obvious reluctance, he pulled Marlissa’s head off his cock and slid off the seat.  “Marlissa, lie down, on your stomach.  She no longer hesitated when I told her to do something.  She lay down on her belly, slightly out of breath from nearly chocking on cock.  “Austin, I want to watch you fuck my wife.  Can you do that for me?”  He didn’t speak.  He just moved behind Marlissa on the seat, pushing her dress up over her ass, and her right leg open, exposing her pussy.  Marlissa arched her back, raising her ass up, giving him a clear shot at her hot cunt.  I was right there, kneeling next to them, my face inches from where my wife’s pussy was raised, waiting to be impaled by a stranger’s cock.  “Amy, get over here,” I said.  “Get down here and suck my cock while I watch your boyfriend fuck my wife from behind.”  Without a word, Amy lay on the floor of the limo on her back and pulled my cock down into her eager mouth.  She was not as into this as Marlissa. 
