 It's about 3:00am and we have been out drinking and got a pretty good buzz going on. We are minding our own business and driving around MWC thinking about where we are going to go fuck when in the rear view mirror we spot the red and blue lights and know we're being pulled over. Dammit you say as you pull into a secluded parking lot. We both get out and walk to the back of the truck where Sgt. Sloan asks you to see your license and insurance verification. 

He can tell by the way you are fumbling around that you have been drinking so he tells you to place your hands behind your back and he puts the handcuffs on you. Then he steps over and asks for my ID as well...and then handcuffs me too! 

I am trembling slightly because I'm nervous about being in handcuffs, it's my first time and partly because we were already horny because we had been fooling around earlier and were looking for a place to fuck, when this happened and partly because Sgt. Sloan looks really good to me and I had already noticed the huge bulge in his pants. He tells me to lean over the trunk of his squad car and he proceeds to search me. 

I gasp as I feel my pants being pulled all the way down to my ankles. He slowly feels around the inside of my legs and slides his hands up higher until it rests right against my soaked panties. He asks, "Are you hiding anything in here, lil lady?" I murmur... "NO SIR" but feel my panties being pulled slowly down anyway. He reaches down and pulls my pants and panties all the way off tossing them on the back of his patrol car. 

I stiffen suddenly as I feel his hard cold "Billy Club" slide in between my legs and start stroking long and firmly against my sopping wet pussy. You look at me and whisper "Happy Birthday Baby" ... and I notice you aren't handcuffed anymore, as you pull the front of my shirt up and your lips find my nipples while your hand reaches down and starts rubbing my clit. By now Sgt. Sloan has his "Billy Club" up inside my pussy and is fucking me with it as he kisses the back of my neck and nibbles and kisses my shoulders. I orgasm quickly, very quickly, this is SOooo erotic. My body is shuddering as the cuffs clicked down a little tighter as I struggled against them. 

You gently push me down to my knees on a pillow you've pulled from your trunk and you both stand in front of me, your cocks hard, the tips listening with your precum. You both start rubbing them against my lips. I reach out with my mouth and suck one in. Pulling hungrily on it. Sucking it all the way down to its base before releasing it and finding the other. Sucking it wanting SOooo BADLY to get my hands free so I can hold them. I suck each one over and over at one point getting both into my mouth and sucking SOooo HARD as to not let them go. 

You can tell by the way my body shakes that I am cumming again as the nearly silent "Mmmphs" escape my lips and vibrate your bulging cocks in my mouth. You stand me back up and sit me on the trunk of the car while I bend over to keep sucking you. I feel Sgt. Sloan's huge cock enter me from behind. We notice that Sgt. Sloans partner has appeared from no where and is standing there watching us, and stroking his cock. I'm looking at him while being fucked from behind and my mouth is full of your cock and somehow by the look I gave him he knew I wanted more... 

Sgt. Sloan lays on his back on the hood of his car and you help me up. I straddle him and ease my HOT WET PUSSY down onto his massive erection. My hands are still cuffed so, I fall forward as I'm unable to hold myself up. 

I'm driving down hard on his cock. He is trying to fuck back but I'm too much for him. My sexual desire has taken over my body and mind. I'm an animal... Harder and harder I slam down on his cock. Making little sounds each time as the head of his cock hits something far up inside of me. Hurting me but at the same time making me drive even harder down. 

I explode again, this time trembling so violently it almost scares me. My eyes roll up into my head as I drive down the last time, the head of his cock entering my cervix. I collapse forward, in a trance grinding his cock now enjoying the pain it has caused me. 

I am spent, exhausted but my pussy doesn't care about me any longer. It has needs of it's own separate from mine, it grinds on.... 

As I feel my clit swelling so big it feels like it is going to burst I feel the head of your cock against my ass, which is totally lubricated from my juices and seems to be gently contracting and releasing on its own, trying to grab the head of your cock and pull it into me. And it does, with one big pull from my tight ass muscles. You're deep inside of me, your balls rest against my pussy which is stuffed full of Sgt. Sloans cock. You explode immediately!

Sgt. Sloans partner crawls on top of the car and stands in front of me, putting his cock into my mouth. I'm suckling like a baby who hasn't nursed from it's mothers tit in days. I'm no longer doing the fucking as cocks fill my every hole. Fucking my ass, my pussy and my mouth all at the same time... 

We are all horny and we fucked hard, harder and harder until I screaaaaaammmmmmmmmed "OMG" Aaahhhhhhhhhhh and we all explode into orgasm at the same time. My pussy, ass and mouth are all running over with semen. Every muscle in every orifice of mine is clamping down hard and firm. Milking your cum from your bodies. Your sperm runs out of my ass, I feel Sgt. Sloans sperm gushing from my pussy, together our cum runs down the inside of my legs... 

You can hear me gulping as Sgt. Sloans partner is shooting his hot load into my mouth. I want it all, I reach down in between my legs and scoop up a whole handful of steaming cum and gulp it from my hand as I make little noises as the remaining cum that had not escaped is pulled out by the heads of your cocks as you both leave me. You get off of me and I roll over onto my back (you had already removed the handcuffs a little while ago) and you watch me as I lay there dazed, in a trance it seems... 

Still twitching slightly, you see my pussy in the moonlight the cum glistening and a small river of it running out and down my ass and onto the hood of the car. 

With CUM still on my face and around my mouth, I use my fingers on one hand to gently sweep it into my mouth and the other hand scooping between my legs getting little handfuls and pouring them into my mouth, reaching up into my pussy you scoop more out for me. 

When you realized I was crying and you put your arms around me gently, and said... "What's the matter, I thought this is what you wanted?"

Through the tears, you hear me say "It is darlin'...This is the best birthday present I've ever had."