 David sat in the large comfortable sofa awaiting his favourite part of the evening of his Birthday. It started about five years ago when he bought his wife Jane a vibrator for her Birthday. Since then they have bought each other one sexually related present which over the years had got progressively more daring. David had shocked Jane on her last Birthday by hiring her a masseur for the evening and things got really disgusting that night.

Jane appeared at the door dressed incredible sexily with two glasses of wine and a wrapped present under her arm.

-Happy Birthday darling- she said as she handed him the present.

He eagerly tore off the paper to reveal a video. He turned it over in his hands but could not find a label. He opened the case but even the cassette gave no clue to its contents. Jane took the video from him and placed it in the player. She started the video and positioned her at his feet, her face on his legs looking at him.

The video started. Jane appeared on the TV screen standing in a room David did not recognise dressed in her ankle length silk black evening gown. Her long blonde hair had been pinned up and dripped down one side of her face. She twirled slowly on glittery heels and smiled into the camera lifting up her glass of white wine.

-Happy Birthday David- she said from the video.

She twirled again slowly nudging the thin dress straps off her shoulders and letting the dress slither down her body to the floor.

She looked magnificent. Jane was in her thirties and had a body a girl of ten years younger would be jealous of. On this particular occasion she wore a silver bra and when the camera dropped down he could she wore matching knickers that shimmered in the light. That’s when David realised there must be a cameraperson instead of a tripod witnessing his own special Birthday striptease.

Jane watched David watch her on video. Her hand traced up his thighs and massaged his thickening cock through his trousers.

Back on the screen Jane seductively removed her bra and revealed her small round breasts. She dipped a finger in the glass of wine she was still holding and rubbed her dark brown nipples with the cold liquid which made them jump up and stick out from her cream flesh. She placed the glass on a nearby table and turned away from the camera. She bent over to unbuckle her shoes and kick them off to the side. The camera followed her spine as she bent over and her buttocks filled the screen. Her legs were parted slightly and as she bent over her mound bulged under the silver thong material. David could just make out a tiny dip where the material hugged so tightly and her pussy lips met. Jane stood up and turned around to face the camera. She slowly peeled of her thong. The camera zoomed in to revealed her shaved pussy.

David suddenly realised when this video must have been taken. A month or so earlier Jane had gone to stay with her old school friend Karen for the weekend. She’d shaved her pussy only a couple of days previous but the hair had since grown back.

The camera followed Jane over to a large arm chair . She lifted one leg and stood it on the back of it. Such a contortionist angle opened up her pussy for all to see. Her lips gapped and David could see how wet she was. The camera traced back up to her face.

The video continued to play as Jane removed David from his trousers and slowly wanked and kissed his cock.

David watched Jane face as it twisted with pleasure. David guessed that she was masturbating. The camera lingered on her face when he wished he could see her fingers on her pussy After a couple of minutes the camera slid down her body. David leapt in his seat when he saw a head buried in her pussy and instead of her fingers. His cock jumped in Jane’s mouth. The camera moved around and David could see a good looking dark haired bloke in his early twenties with his tongue buried in his wife’s pussy. The young lad leaned back and smiled. He parted her pussy lips and continued to lick her clit with his tongue at full extension so as to give the best view of the action, After a few minutes the camera zoomed out to view the whole of the action. Jane teetering on her legs as the young man who has stripped to the waist buried his face in her cunt. The young lad carried her to a nearby bed dropping her alongside a second blonde haired young lad who was seated there. The lad was dressed in a dinner suit with the jacket discarded by his side. The first man continued to tongue her pussy as the second began to undress. Within seconds he was naked with an enormous curved cock jutting out from his toned body.

David looked down at Jane who was slowly and gently sucking on his cock. He knew what he was about to see. They had fantasised several times about Jane taking two cocks at a time, but David feared he would be unable to perform in the presence of another man. This was perfect, he could watch her get double dicked in the comfort of his favourite arm chair.

The blonde lad lowered his meaty cock to Jane’s lips. She licked it as he ran its length over her tongue before pushing it in to her mouth. She sucked on it greedily, but taking only a small amount of the big cock in her mouth. Further down her body the dark haired lad was releasing his cock from his trousers. The camera zoomed in and its swollen purple head filled the screen. It bobbed about in the air at the ready. The lad spat into his hand, coated his cock with saliva and pointed it at the sticky cunt spread open in front of him. He held it by the base and slid just the head into her, pinning her pussy lips back to let David get the best view. With a groan from deep in his body he slid his big cock in as far as it would go in to Jane. She convulsed with a deep groan and nearly bit off the head of the cock in her mouth. It wasn’t long before they had built up a rhythm and she was being fucked furiously at both ends.

Within minutes the blonde lads cock convulsed and started to unleash its cum. The camera zoomed in to capture the action. The first jet was collected by Jane’s mouth but caused her to lose grip of it. His cock pulsed a few more jets of cum over her face and around her lips. The dark haired guy pumped faster and harder in her cunt causing both he and her to cum loudly.

Jane gripped the base of David’s cock, squeezing it to prevent him from cumming just yet, she had something even more special in mind.

The two lads withdrew and Jane lay on the bed in the screen. Cum smeared around her lips and her cunt. She smiled into the camera .There was a little jostling and David realised the cameraperson’s were being changed. Next Karen’s friend Jane came into view on the screen. She was naked apart a black suspender belt and stockings. David had always though she was stunning and now he could see for himself. She was heavier than Jane and her large breasts rocked when she walked. As she joined Jane on the bed David could see that her thick dark brown curly hair was repeated between her legs.

The camera closed in as the two girls began to kiss. As Karen kissed around Jane’s face she licked up all the cum the young lad had deposited. When she had finished she started at the other end. She gently kissed Jane’s pussy which gaped at the fucking she’d just received and was slimy from the lads spunk and her own pussy juices. David knew Karen was a dirty bitch. Jane had told him about all the boys she’d fucked when they were at school but he hadn’t realised she was partial to a little pussy. He watched Karen scooped out the cum from her cunt and licked it from her fingers. When she had finished she kicked Jane to a noisy orgasm. It was probably one of the sexiest sights he’d ever seen.

Jane increased the speed of her hand and David’s cock poured a healthy lot of spunk over her face.

She smiled dirtily at him as she wiped the spunk from her face.

-You always said I fucked well enough to be a porn star and there is the proof I can do it and the best thing is the you can play it over and over again. The rest of the tape is filled with Karen getting fucked in the mouth and the pussy by those gorgeous two lads. And the final scene is to die for, they have here up the pussy and the arse at the same time.

-This has to be the best birthday present yet- gasped David

-You wait until next year, if you’re a good boy you can fuck both me and Karen, that’s if you think you can handle it- she teased.