 In the guest bedroom, Marlissa and I took quick showers and fell into bed, still exhausted by the game-turned-foursome with Jody and Kyle.  I was in my flannel shorts and Marlissa was in her panties and one of my large T-shirts.  I was stretched out on my back and Marlissa was snuggled up against me, her head on my chest, her left arm across my stomach, and her left leg lying across my thighs.

“I’m still stunned by what we did tonight, Ian,” she said.

“Are you okay,” I asked, a little worried.

“Oh, I’m fine.  I just still can’t believe it.  I had another man’s cock in my pussy.  I had his cock in my ass and mouth.  I sucked on another woman’s cunt and asshole.  It’s all too surreal.”

“If it’s any consolation, you looked good doing it,” I said with a grin.

“And what about you,” she said with a playful squeeze of my limp cock.  “You licked and fucked another woman, had your cock stroked by another man, and you swallowed a load of his cum.  How are you dealing with all this?”

“I’m okay, too.  I thought I might regret it later, but if I do, it hasn’t started yet.  I have to admit that watching you get fucked was a real turn on for me tonight.”

“Do you think you’d like to have it happen again sometime?  Maybe with other people, too,” she asked.

“Yeah, I guess so.  I’m still trying to get my head around tonight, but I can see us doing this some more.  What about you?  Are you hungry for more strange cock and pussy already, you little slut?”  That brought a nasty tweak to my nuts.

“You know,” she said, suddenly serious, “You’re all I need to be happy.  I don’t HAVE to ever do this again.  Your cock is plenty for me, I hope you know that.”

“I know, sweetheart,” I said, stroking her hair and kissing the top of her head, “I’m not worried about you.  I know you’re smart enough to keep it in the proper perspective.  Good fucking is good fucking, but you and me are forever, right?  I hope you know I feel the same way about you.  If your pussy was the last one I’ll ever fuck, I’ll die a happy man.”

“Good,” she said.  “Do you think we’ll do it some more with Kyle and Jody?”

“I don’t know.  Do you want to?  I think I’d enjoy some more fun.”

“Yes, I think I’d like play some more, if you’re okay with it.  Would you mind if I did some one-on-one with them sometime?”

“No,” I said, “as long as I know about it and I’m not left out totally.”

“I’ll make sure of that,” she said with a grin, and pecked me on the cheek.  “And I don’t mind if you play with them on your own, as long as you let me know.”

“You got it.  This is so weird, but fun.”

“There was one thing in particular tonight that keeps running through my head, though.”

“What?”

“You fucking Jody’s face.  Roughly.  You had her by the hair and you were ramming your cock in her throat like you were hammering a cunt.  She looked like she was on the verge of panic and terror, but I could tell she was loving it.”

“Yeah, that was wild.  I felt the same thing.  It was a powerful feeling, controlling and punishing her mouth like that.”  I was replaying the image in my head as we talked.  The feeling of my cock deep in Jody’s throat, and her half-sucking, half-choking sounds.  My cock was beginning to stir, just thinking about it.

“Well…” she started, but stopped.

“What is it, darling?

“I don’t know, I was just thinking.  Just, you know, curious.”

“You were wondering what it would be like to have your face fucked like that?”

She didn’t say anything for a long time.  I could tell she was thinking about it.  As she was thinking, she was unconsciously fingering my cock and balls, and rubbing her leg up and down mine.  My cock was beginning to stiffen, but I didn’t think she noticed, she was so lost in thought.

I think I know my wife better than anyone, and I knew that she was someone who liked to be in control of herself at all times.  At least that’s the way she appears on the outside.  I also know that one of the reasons she loves me physically is that I’m a large man.  I’m one of the few men she’s been with who makes her feel small, and feminine.  It dawned on me that her public image of always being cool and in control was just one side of her.  It would make sense to have her long to lose that control once in a while.  It would probably be a rush.

I made a decision.  I reached down and turned her face up to me mine.  I pulled her face up to mine and covered her lips with my own.  I shoved my tongue in her mouth and kissed her long and hard.  She let out a questioning whimper that got lost in my mouth as I sucked her tongue into my mouth.  Grasping a handful of her hair, I lifter her face from mine and said, “I think you’d like to have your face fucked.  Hard.  I think your pussy would cream as I shoved my cock down your throat.”

“Hey…” she started.

“Shut up!  Don’t open your mouth.”

She had a shocked look on her face and the color was rising in her cheeks.  “But I didn’t mean…”

“I said SHUT UP!  You want to keep your mouth open, then it’s going to get something shoved in it.”  Still holding her head by the hair, I shoved her face down to my crotch.  With my other hand, I lowered my shorts and my cock sprang up.  She gasped.  She placed one hand on the bed between my legs and the other on my stomach, trying to hold herself away from my cock.  I knocked her hand off my stomach and shoved the other one out from under her with my knee.  She fell forward as I grasped my cock and shoved it in her mouth.  Marlissa squealed and grunted.  I shoved my cock deeper and felt her body tense in panic.  “Might as well relax, bitch, you’re going to swallow my cock all the way down your throat.”

She gave a slightly panicked whimper and moan, but it was cut off by my cock sliding deeper and cutting off her air passage.  This was as far as my cock had ever gone into her mouth before.  Slowly but firmly, I pushed her head down.  Her body was still tense, but she was no longer trying to push away.  Inch by incredible inch, my cock slid into her throat.  Not wanting to attempt a full deep throat in one push, I pulled back and allowed her to take a few quick breaths.  She moaned again as I pushed her head down once again.  “That’s it, slut, gobble that cock.  Suck it down all the way.  I’m going to fuck your face like a cunt.”

This time I slid my cock into her throat and felt her gag just a bit.  I held her in place until her reflex subsided, then slid in a little farther.  I eased out about an inch, then eased back in, then back out in a short but quick rhythm.  I was fucking her throat.  I pulled out again to allow her to draw a single deep breath, then shoved my cock back in.  Her hands fluttered in the air in a frenzy, but she didn’t try to push away.  This time, I pushed my cock even farther.  My balls touched her chin and her nose nuzzled into my pubic hair.  Once again, I began a slow shallow rhythm in and out of her deep throat.  “How’s that baby?  I’m fucking your throat deep.  You feel so good and tight, darlin’.  Take that cock, slut.”

I fucked her mouth and throat deeply for a good minute then let her head slide up for some much needed air.  She gasped and sucked in air for a moment.  When I applied pressure to the back of her head, pushing it once again onto my cock, the plaintive and slightly terrified cry she uttered actually made my cock harder and my balls tighten in a pre-climax spasm.  My cock slid deep into her throat in one stroke, as her over -produced saliva ran in rivulets down my shaft and over my balls.  Once buried to my balls in her mouth, I began a harsh fucking rhythm, no longer being gentle in the least.  My balls were literally slapping against her chin.  She slapped and clawed at my legs and belly, but didn’t attempt to push away.  I fucked her throat hard like I was banging her tight pussy.

Crying out in ecstasy, I arched my back and blew my pent up load deep into her throat.  With one hand grasping her hair, and the other cupping her throat from below, I felt the throbbing pulse of my ejaculation and her swallowing.  My load depleted, I slumped to the bed and released my grip on her hair.  Slowly, she raised her head, pulling her mouth off my still rigid dick.   She sucked in delicious lungfuls of air in between quick swallows as she forced the last drops of my cum down into her belly.  She fell across my stomach, exhausted and struggling to get her breath.

A few moments later, without looking up at me, she slid her head up to my chest putting her arms around me.  I softly stroked her hair and held her close.  “Hey, baby?  Are you okay?”

She was silent, but I felt a nearly imperceptible nod against my chest.  A few moments later she groaned long and deep.  Then she said, “Oh. My. God.”  She lifted her head and gave me a weary smile.  “I can’t begin to tell you how intense that was.  I’ve never felt so vulnerable and controlled.  For a minute there, I wasn’t sure if you’d let me stop, even if I wanted to.  I was on the edge of panic almost the whole time, yet extremely aroused.”  She slid up along my body until her face hovered above mine.  She looked into my eyes for a long moment, then lowered her lips to mine.  Our tongues found each other and we kissed deeply.  I tasted the salty/sweet flavor of my own cum, but didn’t care.  She broke our kiss and said with a little grin  “I think I like being your little fuck-bitch.”

We drifted off to sleep in each other’s arms, physically exhausted and mentally drained.  I couldn’t help but wonder with a mixture of anxiety and excitement, what the coming days would bring.   How our lives would change beyond that.

The following morning, I was awakened by the soft warm covers being ripped off my body.

“Get your ass up, Rip Van Winkle.  Daylight’s burning.”  Marlissa was standing over my chilling body dressed in tight jeans, her ancient and well-worn cowboy boots and a loose fitting blouse.  She’d already showered and dressed.  “I’m going to go see if Jody needs help with breakfast.  Get showered and dressed, stud.  We’ve got shit to do.”  With a stinging slap to my ass she was gone.

There was no use fighting it.  I got up, quickly showered, shaved, and slid into my jeans and comfortable boots.  I put on a comfortable sports shirt and left the bedroom.

I was heading down the hall and had just passed the slightly ajar door to Kyle’s study when I heard the unmistakable sounds of hot fucking.  I pulled up short and took a step back.  I gently pushed the door open a few inches and could not believe my eyes.  Marlissa, my wife, was on the long over-stuffed leather couch on all fours.  Her face and shoulders were on the seat cushions and her ass was in the air.  Her jeans and panties were pushed down to mid-thigh, just enough to allow Kyle to shove is big cock into her pussy from behind.  In their position, Kyle’s back was to me.  Marlissa’s face was on the couch, but turned back facing my direction, her eyes closed.  Then they opened and our eyes locked.  We looked at each other for a brief second, then she smiled, and brought a single finger to her lips in the universal gesture to keep quiet.  Stunned, I sat and silently watched as Kyle pounded his cock vigorously into my wife’s cunt.

“Fuck!  What are you doing to me?” she gasped between grunts and moans.

“I’m fucking that tight cunt of yours again, baby.  That’s what I’m doing.  I didn’t get enough of it last night.  God you feel so good wrapped around my cock.”

“Shit, Oh!  Oh!  Unnh, unnh, unnh, Oh fuck!  Well then…Oh!…Unnnh!….then fuck me, asshole.  Fuck me!”

I stared as Kyle’s ass muscles clenched and contracted with each powerful stroke.  I could hear his thighs slapping against Marlissa’s ass cheeks.  I watched his heavy ball sack swing forward and slap her clit with each thrust.  My cock was straining against me jeans.

“Oh, shit, Marlissa!  Your pussy is so good.  So hot and wet.  Fuck, I’m gonna cum so hard in you.”

“Shut up and fuck me, you prick.  Ugh!  Ugh!  Oh!  Fuck!”

I suddenly felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to stare into Jody’s wide, sparkling green eyes.  I quickly signaled her to be silent, the way Marlissa had to me, then pointed into the study with my thumb.  She peered around the door jam and I heard her breath catch in her throat.  When she turned back to me, she was smiling.  She made a silent giggling motion, covering her mouth with her hand, then turned back to watch her boyfriend fuck my wife.

Kyle was pounding into my wife’s pussy all the way to his balls, then back out until the tip almost cleared her cunt lips, then he’d slammed it back in.  Marlissa had one hand reaching back grasping her ass cheek, spreading her pussy lips farther open for his cock’s assault.  Her other hand was reaching underneath her, alternately massaging Kyle’s balls and rubbing her clit in tight circles.  Kyle’s balls were dripping with Marlissa’s cunt juices.  In front of me, I noticed that Jody had dropped her jeans and underwear to her knees and was feverishly rubbing her clit.  I looked in the room and noticed that Marlissa was looking back in our direction again.  She saw Jody and smiled.  Jody shot her a little thumbs up, then stepped to her right to show Marlissa that she was fingering her own pussy, while watching her boyfriend fuck her.  Marlissa just smiled broader and increased the speed of her own fingers on her pussy.

Kyle suddenly cried out and slid his cock out of Marlissa’s pussy.  He grabbed it and shot a huge stream of jism onto my wife’s back.  Two, then three more ropy strands of cum shot out onto the milky skin of her back.  She reached back and pressed his cock into the crack of her ass with her hand and then rocked her hips up and down, milking more cum from his spewing member.  A small puddle of cum formed at the small of her back as the spurting finally stopped.

Kyle stepped out from behind Marlissa and pulled his jeans up, and fastened them.  If you hadn’t just witnessed him cumming all over Marlissa’s back, you’d never have known he had just fucked someone.  He grabbed a towel hanging over the back of the sofa and used it to wipe the cum off my wife’s back.  Jody pulled her own pants up and with a wink to me, tiptoed away down the hall.

I suddenly had a wicked idea and decided have a little fun and rattle Kyle.  I stepped into the room just as my wife was standing up, her jeans and panties sill down, and her juices still running down her thighs.

“What in the hell is going on here,” I said with as much anger as I could fake.  Kyle spun around and blushed ferociously.

“Dude!” he said, “I was just….we were…”

“He just fucked the living shit out me, Ian,” Marlissa said matter of factly.  “I was walking back to the bedroom to tell you to hurry up, when he grabs me and pulls me into this study.  Next thing I know, my pants are around my knees, I’m bent over, and this bastard is dogging me like a mongrel.”

I looked at Kyle with a furrowed brow and put my hands on my hips.

He looked at me with all the weight and gravity I’d ever seen on his face.   I raised my eyebrows in a question.  He looked at me, then at Marlissa, who just stared blankly back at him.

“Dude,” he said finally, “it had to be done.”

I stared angrily at him for as long as a could with a straight face, then said, “No doubt, buddy.  I’d have done the same thing.”  We then both busted out laughing and high fived.

Kyle said, “I knew you and Jody were watching, fucker.  You loved watching me dog your woman.  Admit it.”

“You saw me?  How?”

Kyle just pointed at the opposite wall at the large mirror over his wet bar.  “Mirrors, bro.  Wonderful invention.  Maybe you’ve heard of them.”

I smacked him in the head then turned to Marlissa.  “That looked hot, baby.  How was it?”

“It was great,” she said as she buttoned her jeans and straightened the wrinkles out of her shirt.  “I was a little sore this morning, but that loosened me right up.”  She kissed Kyle on the cheek and then wrapped her arms around me and kissed me long and hard.  “I’ll let you two boys compare notes on me in here.  I’m going to go help Jody with breakfast.”

“Man,” Kyle said, “she’s something else.  You’re very lucky.”

“I know, man.  You’re pretty fortunate yourself, dude.  So you and Jody do this with other people all the time, huh?”

“Yeah, it’s great.  She’s really opened me up.  Not that I was ever that shy before, but she’s taken me places I never thought I’d go.  Hey, the girls are going shopping later.  I thought you and I would head over to the Sports Bar and catch the game, pound a few brews.  I’ll tell you some tails you won’t believe.”

“Sound good to me, brother.  Let’s go see what’s up in the kitchen.”

I had no idea.  Kyle and I rounded the corner into the living room and stopped in our tracks.  Jody, obviously still aroused at watching Kyle roughly fuck my wife from behind in the study, was on the living room sofa, her legs spread wide, feverishly fingering her clit with one hand and finger fucking her pussy with the other.  Two slender fingers pushed in and out of her wet cunt.  Marlissa was standing just a few feet away, watching with rapt attention.  Kyle and I moved up beside Marlissa and watched Jody expertly massaging herself to orgasm.

On impulse, I reached up and grabbed Marlissa by the hair.  “On your knees, bitch.”  She tried to turn and face me, but I just pushed her head down.

“Oh, no,” she moaned softly as her knees buckled.  She was now kneeling in front of Jody.

I looked around and both Jody and Kyle were looking at me in shock.  I said calmly to Marlissa, “You’ve made one of our hosts cum this morning, you might as well make the other one cum.”

I still had a hold of her hair, and pushed her face forward.  Jody looked me in the eyes with deep concern, searching for any sign of what the hell I was doing.  Marlissa inched forward on her knees and placed a hand under each of Jody’s knees, lifting her legs back into the position they had been in when Jody was fingering herself moments before.  Jody moaned and fell back against the sofa back in blissful resignation.

I pushed Marlissa’s face down, meeting very little resistance, even though she whimpered, “Oh, no, I can’t believe I’m…..mmmpphhpppphhhh.”  Her mouth covered Jody’s swollen red clit and with my hand in her hair, I help grind her mouth into Jody’s sopping cunt.

“Oh, shit!” Jody cried.  “Oh yes, Ian, make her suck my pussy.  Make her lick my clit.  Make her make me cum.”

“Yes, ma’am,” I said.  Drawing on my own expertise in going down on women, I knelt beside Marlissa.  I kept up the pressure on her head, pushing her face into Jody’s pussy, but she was now into it, sliding her tongue up and down the slit, pausing to circle and nibble Jody’s clit, then slide back down to tongue fuck her deep, wet hole.  I took one of her hands and wrapped it under and around Jody’s right thigh so she could rub Jody’s clit from above while she tongued her hole.  I took Marlissa’s other hand and placed under Jody’s other leg and up to her breasts.  Taking the cue perfectly, Marlissa began massaging Jody’s tits, twisting and rubbing her dark, hard nipples.

Jody was writhing and groaning in glorious stimulation.  “Oh, God yes!  Suck my pussy, Marlissa.  Eat my pussy.  Rub my clit.  Squeeze my tits.  I love your tongue in my cunt, baby.”  Jody was grinding her pelvis into my wife’s greedy face, fucking herself on my wife’s mouth.   She then pulled her legs farther back, rocking her hips back as well.  “Put your tongue in my ass, Marlissa.   Fuck my ass with your long wet tongue.”

Marlissa didn’t hesitate.  Her tongue slid out of Jody’s wet pussy and moved down to her puckered brown ass hole.  Jody shuddered and squealed as my wife pushed her tongue deep into her ass, giving a deep satisfied moan of her own.

For the next few minutes, Kyle and I watched in aroused fascination as my wife sucked, nibbled, pinched, and tongue fucked both of his girlfriend’s holes.  My cock was straining hard against my jeans.  A quick glance verified that Kyle was suffering from the same malady.
