 020210 

BIG TEASE

I guess you never know what is going to happen to you, whether it be good or bad, until it happens. This is my story, and I do hope you enjoy it.

In the fall of 1995, still pretty young and going out a lot and having a great time, I happened to attend a fairly boring party at a friend's house. She was a very good friend so I couldn't let her down by declining her invitation. I was there about an hour, just preparing to leave when I noticed a rather handsome looking older man checking me out. I've always been a flirt, so I locked eyes with him and smiled. He smiled back and made his way to my side of the room. We introduced ourselves and engaged in small talk. After a while both of us decided to go someplace else to get to know each other better.

As I look back now I have to laugh. We both had the same thing on our minds and were just not sure what the other was thinking. We ended up at his place. I must say, I was very impressed with his apartment. The furniture and thick carpeting looked like no one had ever stepped on it before. If the living room appeared this nice, I wondered what the rest of the place looked like. Jack, as the man's name turned out to be, offered me a glass of wine and told me to make myself at home. I first, as always, removed my shoes as I prefer to go barefoot. The place was huge but what impressed me more than anything else was the décor. The black leather sofa, matching chairs, glass tables and antique lamps implied a man of good taste. I made my way to the dining area to find a beautiful cherry table with cushioned chairs, hardwood floors and a chandelier adorning the room. Okay, I reminded myself, I wasn't here to check the place out. I was here to get to know Jack. 

I settled down on the sofa, as he returned with two glasses of red wine. He sat close beside me, which sent shivers down my spine. I remember thinking to myself, that I was really attracted to this man and I didn't even know him yet. Heck, what did it matter? I was there and I planned to have fun!

Sometime later, after several glasses of wine, we were both really relaxed and having fun flirting and laughing together. Jack reached forward and dimmed the lights a bit, very romantic. I could feel one of his hands on my cheek, stroking it gently as he leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips. I returned that kiss eagerly; my body was on fire from just that little kiss. Oh my god, I wonder what it was going to be like, as I already knew where this was heading. Our kisses became more intense and demanding, and I could feel his hands roaming my body. One big, strong hand was on my back and the other cupping my breasts, softly kneading them. This make out session did not last very long, as we heard a key in the lock. I jumped with surprise as I didn't know what to expect. Was this man married? I was soon to find out.

Jack hadn't mentioned a roommate, Richard, Rick for short, was just as handsome as Jack, but a little bit younger. I found out later that Rick is Jack's son. Oh, at this point I was really turned on. Rick sat on the other side of me and started to kiss the back of my neck, this has always driven me wild. Jack continued to stroke my breasts making my nipples rock hard, and I could feel the warm wetness between my legs. They took turns kissing and caressing every part of my body. I just couldn't take it any more so I lifted my skirt to my waist to expose a pair of shear black panties. Maybe one of them would stop teasing me and take the hint. I had not noticed because my back was turned more toward him, but Rick had already taken his jeans off and was naked from the waist down. I could feel Jack's hands on my hips as he slowly lifted me and turned me around to face Rick and his huge cock. I began to lick and suck on it right away. I loved the taste of this massive cock, while wondering if I could handle such a monster. In the meantime I could feel his fingers pull aside my panties and start to rub my swollen clit. I was so glad I shaved earlier that day. I could feel Jack's hands shake a bit as he tore off my panties and shoved his fingers in my already wet pussy. He didn't do this for very long and I was a bit disappointed, until I felt his tongue invade my tight little pussy. He continued to lick and tease me with his tongue and I continued to suck on Rick's cock, stroking his balls all the while. I wanted to taste and feel that sweet cum shooting into my mouth.

While I was working on Rick, Jack was really going to town on my pussy. I wondered how long before he allows me to cum, because at this point I know that he is teasing me and loving every minute of it, listening to me moan. I didn't have to wait very long, as I felt Jack's hands lift me off of Rick's cock, and felt him tearing away at my clothes. I was now completely naked before these two gorgeous men, and at the point of no return, as I waited to see what they were going to do to me. Rick, who being very tall and broad, looked like he worked out a lot, as did Jack, picked me up and carried me to what I guess was his or Jack's bedroom. They both quickly stripped and joined me on the bed. What happened next scared me a bit, but excited me even more. I hadn't noticed the handcuffs until both my hands were cuffed over my head and attached to the headboard. "What the hell are you doing", I demanded to know, but the only response I received was a gag over my mouth and a blindfold covering my eyes. I heard Jack whisper in my ear that I had nothing to fear, and that they wouldn't hurt me, but they were going to take me anyway they wanted to, and I was going to enjoy it. What choice did I have?

Big Tease part 2

Not being able to see or say anything, I awaited my fate. Part of me was nervous, but I must admit I was more excited than anything. I had never been in that situation before and I really didn't know what to expect. Soon I felt two hands playing with my breasts, not exactly gentle, but not hurting me. I feel my nipples begin to stiffen and my pussy getting wetter. I could also feel something warm being poured on my body, very slippery, with four hands working each part of my body, slowly teasing my already wet pussy. Oh, how I longed for one of them to fuck me, but all I could do was moan. I felt my tits being squeezed together and someone climb on top of me. Oh my god, I didn't know who it was but they were tit fucking me hard. I could feel their balls slapping my chin. I felt my legs being spread apart and a hot tongue licking and sucking at my wanting clit. I wanted to cum so badly that it hurt. Why were they teasing me like this? I feel two slippery fingers slide roughly inside my tight butthole. I continue to moan as I was being tit fucked and ass fucked at the same time, but oh how I needed my pussy to be taken care of. This went on for some time, and I could feel my butthole stretching with both a little pain and a lot of pleasure. Then the gag was removed from my mouth and replaced by a hard throbbing cock ready to shoot its load deep into my throat. The same whispering voice in my ear, "You had better swallow it all bitch"! I was more than ready to swallow his sweet load. As he let go, he grabbed me by the hair and crammed his massive cock deep into my throat, gagging me, but making sure I don't miss one drop. He whispered in my ear again, "Good girl"!

I then felt hands on my hips, as fingers were removed from my tight ass. I felt the head of his cock enter my tight hot pussy with such force I cried out. Oh my god, yes, this is what I had been waiting for all along, and I came in an instant, strong waves of pleasure took over my body. I felt nothing but his sweet pleasure. The man grunting like an animal thrust his rock hard cock into me several times, with such force that I felt as though I was being ripped apart, but I loved it. Finally he pulled out and shot a huge load on my tits, covering them with so much cum, I found it hard not to be aroused again. 

I felt the handcuffs being removed and my body being positioned on top of one of the men, as he slid his cock inside my pussy so deep it felt like I was going to cum again soon. The other man was behind me rocking his cock back and forth against my ass slowly, entering me with one gentle push. All I could do was moan as I had never been fucked this way before, and I couldn't help but orgasm right away. This made both men even hornier, and they both began to fuck both of my holes very hard and fast and to my delight both came inside me at the same time.

Exhausted, they allowed me to remove my blindfold as we all lay together in this king size bed. Funny thing is I have no idea who did what to me. I guess it doesn't matter, as they both gave me a fucking that I will never forget. To this day, I still wonder what they are up to. We never did exchange last names or any other identifying information. I guess some things are better left unsaid. Just the memory of that evening puts a smile on my face, as I now go on with my life.