 “She’s going to go nuts when you show her this, Brian,” Karla said to me with a huge grin.

“You really think so, Karla?”

“Oh, I know it Brian. She’s always talking about taking a trip like this with you. But you guys always have so much going on, she thinks it will never happen.”

I took the packet from Karla and looked at it again, scarcely able to believe that we were actually going to do it. Karla is my wife Andrea’s best friend, and the wife of my good friend, James. The bright blue packet contained the airline tickets, hotel reservations, and itinerary for a trip for two to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Andrea and I had been married for 13 years now, and had never taken a real vacation together. Something in each of our conflicting work schedules had always prevented us from planning such a trip. But this time, both of us had managed a week off, starting tomorrow, New Year’s Day. Tonight, Andrea and I were going to a New Year’s Eve party held in the lounge of a luxury hotel in downtown Dallas. We were meeting a few other couples and some of their friends. Not wanting to drive after celebrating the new year with a few cocktails and the inevitable champagne toast at midnight, I had reserved us a room at the hotel. My plan was for Andrea and I to party like rock stars tonight, then I was going to surprise her with the packet up in our room before going to bed. I’d even loaded a cooler with ice and beer, as experience told me that sometimes the party goes on, even after the party in the ballroom ends. If nothing else, I’m sure we’d want to have a few celebratory beers as we went over the details of our trip. If my calculations were correct, what would follow would be some seriously hot marital conjugation.

“Well,” I said, “I sure hope she’s as excited about this as I am. Now remember, not a word to her about this. I want it to be a total surprise.”

“You guys are so cute,” James said in a voice dripping with sarcasm. “You guys have been married for 13 years and you’re still doing these big surprises for each other. I may just puke.”

“For each other?” I asked, a little confused.

Karla elbowed James in the gut, doubling him over with a “whooof!”

“James! Quiet! You’re not supposed to mention anything to either one of them!”

It took a second for it to finally dawn on me, but suddenly it hit me. “She’s got something planned for me, too, doesn’t she? C’mon, guys, give it up. What is it?”

“Hush,” Karla said, “No more questions from you mister. And not another word from you, James. Mr. Big Mouth.”

I looked at James and he just grinned at me and wiggled his eyebrows up and down, like the proverbial cat that had just swallowed the proverbial canary. Just then the phone rang and Karla left to pick it up in the kitchen. “Okay, pal, give,” I said.

“Nope,” he said with a grin, “you’ll just have to wait until tonight.”

“I should have known she was cooking up something. She’s been spending a lot of extra evenings ‘at the gym’, but she’s never been THAT dedicated to working out before. Not that she needs it. She’s still the same weight as she was when we started dating back in college. She looks like she could still start as the strong side hitter for any women’s college volleyball team tomorrow.”

“Yes, Brian, Andrea is definitely still a hard body. I still can’t understand what she sees in you, though, you ugly bastard.”

“Me either, bro. Must be my huge dick.”

“That not what I hear,” he said. We both laughed.

After visiting a couple of well deserved smacks upside his head, I said, “So, what is it? What’s she going to spring on me tonight?”

“Not going to tell, partner. Let’s just say that you better be munching some vitamins and getting lots of fluids in you. It’s going to be a hot night in Downtown Dallas!”

“Fine. Well, I’m outta here then. I can be abused anywhere, and by far prettier people than you. I need to get home and see if my tux still fits. Give Karla a kiss for me. I’ll see you guys at the hotel tonight.”

I scarcely noticed a thing on my drive home, my mind racing with the list of possible shenanigans Andrea might have planned. One thing I knew for sure, when my wife plans surprises, it’s usually something very unusual and very adventurous. Even after thirteen years of contented wedded bliss, she could come up with things that set my loins on fire. My cock stirred in my jeans just thinking about some of the past birthday and anniversary surprises. But what could this one be? A few thoughts pinged and ponged around in my head. A threesome with one of her friends from the gym? No way, I thought, discarding the absurd vision. I doubt she’s become THAT adventurous. But what a thought!

Then something occurred to me. Karla and James. We’d been friends with them for years, even before any of us got married. James and I harbor no secrets between us. We tell each other everything, including our deepest secrets and most taboo fantasies. The past couple of “beer and bullshit” sessions between James and I had always seem to steer towards our favorite sexual fantasies, involving everyone from famous female athletes, to girl rock singers, to TV stars.

Also, I love to write, and it’s always been a cathartic exercise when I get a persistent and troublesome fantasy that won’t get out of my head, even after several shower masturbation sessions. When that happens, I’ll sit down at the computer and write it all out, start to finish, in mind boggling detail. By the time I’m through, the demons are usually purged. These stories aren’t necessarily accurate reflections of things I’ve done or would even likely try, but once an image or story gets into my head, writing it all out is about the only thing that will give me some relief.

Well, recently, I had shared a short story I’d written with James. It was a hot little tale staring Andrea and I. The gist of the story was how a board game brought out a full on, bisexual orgy with me, my wife, and an imaginary couple based loosely on James and Karla. James thought it was a very good story, as evidenced by the tent on the front of his sweat pants as read it while we were sipping beers at the bar one night. He even went so far as to suggest that we get that game, or something similar and try it out. He was sure that Karla and Andrea would enjoy it once it got started. I nearly spit my beer through my nose, and laughed myself silly at the thought of my wife, the cool, elegant, and always proper Andrea rolling around in a pile of human flesh like a Roman harlot in the days of Caligula. No way.

That particular image was still playing on the big screen of the little porno theater in my mind as I pulled into my driveway at home. But I switched it off. No use getting myself all worked up about it again, especially when nothing like that was ever likely to happen.

In any case, I had shared that little fantasy with James. I also knew that James and Karla held no secrets between them, as well. And Karla and Andrea were closer than sisters. Could word of my twisted little story have gotten back to Andrea? Was it possible that she might be planning something close to that? As exciting as the prospect might be, I had to reluctantly decide against it. It was just too much to hope for.

**************************

“Does this dress show just how fat my ass is?”

I froze, my hands midway through the complicated maneuvers required to tie a bow tie. The eyes that stared back at me from the mirror were those of a trapped and terrified animal. There’s not a more slippery slope for a man to be on than to be posed that particular question by a woman. “Darling, to a woman who would possess the cruelty to ask such a question of a man, no answer would suffice. Therefore, I politely and respectfully decline to answer on the grounds that it could cost me a testicle or two.”

“Seriously,” Andrea pleaded. She was standing in front of the full length mirror on the back of the closet in our master bedroom, smoothing the imaginary wrinkles from the body hugging, sleek black evening gown. Starting at the top, it was a strapless number, held in place by her firm but smallish tits. From there it poured over her body like black oil down to mid calf, slit up the left side halfway to heaven.  “I’ve put on more than a couple of pounds the last few years. I used to have the ass of a ten year old boy. Now look at it.” And look at it, I did. I walked over to her and slid my arms around her waist from behind, my face appearing in the mirror next to hers. Not only was her body still in perfect shape, despite the one, maybe two pounds that had been added to her luscious ass, but her face was still the vision of porcelain beauty, framed by soft golden blonde hair. Tonight her hair was pulled up into a loose bun, an up-do with soft slightly wavy strands falling down from her temples. This particular hairdo served to accentuate her high radiant cheekbones and delicately chiseled jaw line. This lovely face sat atop a long, slender neck. How many times had I let myself get lost on that neck, my mouth along side her jugular vein, feeling the fluttering pulse through my wet lips and tongue as I buried my cock in her tight pussy. With a shake of my head, I purged that thought from my mind. We needed to get going or we were going to be late.

Looking once again at my wife’s lovely image in the mirror, I saw that hanging from her neck was a very simple, and very tasteful strand of pearls which hung to just above her cleavage. Quite understated, yet elegant. At 5’10” in her bare feet, the black spiked heels at end of her long slender legs put her almost eye to eye with me, who stands a little over 6’3”. Her powder blue eyes gazed back at me, still questioning.

Yes, her ass had grown a fraction, but it was for the better, in my opinion. Her body had always been a bit on the bony side. Now her ass had just the slightest jiggle when she walked, and that was very much a visual turn on for me. And every time I looked down on that beautiful ass while taking her from behind, watching the soft flesh of her ass cheeks undulate as I pounded into her. Damn, I was getting hard just thinking about it.

“Well, I’m still refusing to answer such a loaded question, but maybe this will give you some idea of how I feel.” I placed both my hands on her hips and ground my pant-covered bulge into her softening, but still very tight ass.

“Brian!” she barked in a harsh whisper, “The door is wide open! One of the kids could walk by at any second!” She punctuated her final words with a hip check to my groin that would have sent any NHL defenseman into the boards.

“Ooo, that one hurt,” I groaned.

“Serves you right, Mr. Cocksman,” she said, turning to me and sliding her arms around my neck and placing a warm kiss on my lips. “But, darling, hold that thought. I’ve got plans for you and your little buddy down there later.” Did she just push her pelvis against my hard cock? With a very sly smile, she turned back to the mirror and wound one of the strands of hair hanging from her temple around her index finger, then released it, giving a bit more wave to it. The word “stunning” flashed in my mind.

Just then the doorbell rang downstairs. “That’ll be Jenny. She’s agreed to stay the whole night, until we get back tomorrow morning. I’ve made her a little bed on the couch.”

“I’ll go let her in,” I said, “maybe she’ll help me with my little problem here, if you won’t.”

“You’ll stay right where you are, cowboy. Finish tying that tie and meet me downstairs in 5 minutes. We’re going to be late. And hands off the babysitter. Studly husbands come and go, but a good babysitter who’s willing to work on New Years’ Eve is hard to find. Don’t make me choose.” I laughed out loud, and watched that wonderful ass saunter out of the room.

******************************

We dropped the cooler of beer off in our room at the downtown hotel, then caught the elevator down. The party was already jumping and it was only 9pm.  It was a very large ballroom with full service bars every twenty feet around the perimeter of the room. Forming a concentric circle just inside the ring of bars were groups of white table-clothed tables with dramatic center pieces. The band on stage was playing a good mix of Top 40 covers from the 70’s, 80’s, 90’s and this century, too. Mixed in were some lively dance tunes, and a few good old rock and roll classics. Something for everyone. The dance floor that made up the center of the room was already crowded and throbbing with well dressed revelers.

I spotted our gang at a cluster of tables off to our right. I shook hands with all the men and air-kissed the cheeks of all the ladies. Most of them were friends, or acquaintances we’d met through mutual friends. However, there were a few strange faces around the table. Andrea immediately got into a whisper conference with Karla who kept shooting little smiling glances at me over Andrea’s naked shoulder. What in the hell was she up to?

I grabbed myself a very stiff rum and coke, and an ice cold longneck for Andrea. I took a chair near the end of the long table. Karla and Andrea were still huddled together on my left, talking animatedly just out of earshot. To my right at the end of the table, were three handsome and well built young men. They looked to be in their mid-to-late 20’s. All three had that look of quiet confidence with just a touch of arrogance, that hinted at big money. My guess was Trust Fund Babies.

I stuck out a hand to the one closest to me on my right. “Brian Collinsworth,” I said cheerfully. 

“Hey, good to meet you. Richard Albright. Call me Rich” Rich was about 6 feet tall, dark wavy hair brushed back loosely and just touching his collar in back. It was a swarthy style that I had come to refer to as the “Euro-trash” look. Very hip. He was wearing a black turtleneck sweater and black sport coat and trousers. He gestured to the young man to his right and said, “This is Michael Barrington” I shook hands with Michael and couldn’t help but notice his sparkling blue eyes and brilliantly white teeth. A lot of money had gone into getting that kind of wattage. His blond hair was short and parted on the side, in what appeared to be a very casual, almost thoughtless style. It took a lot of very meticulous styling and spritzing to get hair to look that casual. Michael looked to be about 5’10”, and very slender. He had very delicate features with full red lips. The thought crossed my mind that he’d also make a fairly attractive woman. Rich then pointed to the gentleman across from me to Michael’s right and he said, “And that mutant over there is Andrew Foxworth. Andy for short.”  Andy wasn’t actually a mutant, but he was a very large young man. About my height, but he probably carried at least 50 more pounds of lean muscle, mostly around his chest and thighs. Andy’s hair was cut in a buzzed flattop and I could see a web of throbbing veins at this temple. This guy spent a lot of time in the free-weight room, I could tell.

“Good to meet you guys. Are you having any fun, yet?” I asked.

“Oh, a little here and there,” Rich said. “Some nice looking women here tonight. We’re going to have a few more drinks and see if we can cut a few away from the herd.” In spite of my initial impression, I could not help but instantly like Rich. He had a free and easy charm that made me want kick back and hang out with him.

Michael said, “Yeah, it’s a target rich environment, for certain. But I guess that’s not going to mean much to you. Looks like you brought your own dance partner.” He grinned and nodded at Andrea, her back still turned to us.

“Yeah, I’ve already roped my little filly for the night. But I’m not complaining.”

“Nor would I,” Andy said as his eyes poured over my wife’s body. When his eyes finally left her, he met my cool steady gaze, smiled and winked. Not a trace of shame or self-consciousness. I really couldn’t blame him. I was beginning to like these guys a lot.

A couple hours later, about an hour before midnight, I was back at the table, sucking the ice out of my fourth drink, trying to catch my breath. Andrea and Karla had worn James and my asses out on the dance floor. James was guzzling beer between ragged breaths, too. At least I wasn’t the only one. Out on the floor, I watched Karla and Andrea dancing together to a slow, but pounding rock number. Although close together, both seemed lost in their own world, eyes closed, arms raised above their heads, their bodies writhing and undulating in excruciatingly slow motion to the sultry beat.

I felt a firm hand on my shoulder and looked up to see Rich smiling down at me. “You guys look like you need a break, would you like us to take over and see if we can wear those ladies down?”

“Be my guest,” James said, flicking the back of his hand toward the dance floor.

“Sure, knock yourself out,” I said.

Rich nodded to his companions and they sauntered to the dance floor. Rich moved up behind Andrea as Michael and Andy moved to either side of Karla. Rich whispered into Andrea’s ear and the nodded back in my direction. My wife looked at him, a bit confused at first, but then looked over at me. James and I raised our drinks to them, and big smile spread across her face. She placed a hand on Rich’s arm, then leaned over to say something into Karla’s ear. Karla opened her eyes and looked around at the three strapping young lads and then over at James and me. We raised our glasses once again to the ladies. They looked at each other and laughed. A new song was playing by then and the five of them began dancing in a loose circle.

As the great dance songs kept coming and the minutes wore on, Andrea and Karla were in their zone. The circle had tightened considerably and I noticed that there was a lot of bodily contact happening. More than was forced by the crushing crowd around them. As Andrea moved and turned, I saw Rich’s and sometimes Michaels hands brushing her waist or hips. I saw Andy pull Karla in for a belly to belly slow dance. His hands would occasionally slide up and down her back, stopping just above her ass, coming dangerously close to a grope, but not quite. At one point, Andrea moved up behind Karla as she danced with Andy and pushed her pelvis into Karla’s ass, whispering something obviously naughty into Karla’s ear. Karla threw her head back and laughed, but reached around behind her and pulled my wife’s crotch harder into her backside.

I looked over at James and watched him as he watched the scene on the dance floor. He was smiling broadly. He caught me looking at him and gave me an embarrassed grin. “That’s very interesting, don’t you think?”

“Interesting, yes. I’m not quite sure how I feel about this, but it’s getting pretty hot in here.”

“No doubt. Very hot in here.”

An odd thought suddenly fluttered to the edges of my rum-soaked consciousness. Did Karla and Andrea already know these guys? Maybe from the gym? Could this have something to do with the surprise? As soon as the thought hit me, I pushed it away. No, this couldn’t be it. However, it was an interesting show. It brought some of the details of my written story unwillingly to mind. I squirmed and adjusted in my chair, hoping to conceal the bulge that had begun to form.

At one minute before midnight, the countdown had begun. Every person in the room was holding a fresh drink and mashed together on the dance floor. Tradition had it that balloons and confetti would be dropped from the ceiling onto the crowded dance floor at the stroke of midnight. Experience also told me that lots of kissing and groping would be going on, as well. Nothing like bringing in the new year to provide an excuse to suck face with strangers. I was standing on the floor, with my arms around Andrea. I was giving her a few warm-up kisses, as James and Karla did the same next to us. Andrea was just a tad tipsy and her breath was warm as she breathed into my mouth and gazed at me with her soft, sensuous eyes. I covered her mouth with mine, letting my tongue find hers, sucking it into my mouth, just as the stroke of midnight hit. A cacophony of noise rose as people cheered, blew paper horns, and rattled cowbells. Thousands of balloons and a blizzard of confetti fell from the rafters. I scarcely noticed, lost in my wife’s succulent mouth.
