 I have invited a few friends over to share an evening with us. It’s supposed to be a surprise for your birthday, but it’s difficult to keep a smile from revealing all. You’ve asked me about my suspicious behavior and I make a vague reply. I don’t want to spoil the moment.

You’re wearing my gift to you, a sexy pair of black silk boxers, with turquoise piping. The matching robe was whisked off as soon as you had modeled it for me. 

We’re watching a movie, its mostly just white noise; the main attraction is the two of us cuddling on the sofa. Your head is on my lap and your hand slides under my skirt, playing with me. You tease me, by tracing the tops of my thigh high stockings, the heat generated from your licentiousness, combined with your warm hands & hot breath is driving me wild with desire; it’s turning this blue eyed blonde into a passion-filled Diva.

Your knowledgeable fingers are just about to slip into my velvety wetness, when the doorbell sounds. You are more than a little peeved at the interruption but like a good host, you cover yourself and answer the door. (Good, I needed to cool down. But I swear revenge…something with handcuffs….)

It’s a few of my friends, joining in the festivities of your natal day. Beth, a tall slender redhead comes in with her significant other Amy, a short, busty blonde submissive. Jane comes in, a curvaceous brunette, all hugs and smiles and following her is Kim, an oriental woman, with a delicate, ethereal beauty. Each woman has handed you one or more gaily-wrapped packages, every one causing a wry smile to spread across your mobile mouth. They follow you back into the nicely appointed family room, with the multiple seating areas perfect for making a guest friendly atmosphere.

You offer refreshments and while heading to the kitchen, you pause to select some music – just to be a convivial. I wonder if you’ve noticed that they have taken special care with their appearance this evening. All were chosen for this evening with you in mind.

I sit, selecting the love seat, directly across from Beth & Amy, both having made themselves comfortable by curling up on the sofa together like twin felines – completely relaxed. Kim & Jane have taken possession of the second sofa by the time you return.

It’s obvious that Kim and Jane are more boisterous than usual but you shrug it off and pass out the expertly made margaritas. While you move, I notice thru the part in the short robe that you are indeed ‘happy,’ you’ve noticed the women in all their glory. I knew I should never have doubted you.

They all comment on your choice of attire and you suddenly remember that you might be a bit under dressed for such a large group. You start to excuse yourself but I stop you by announcing to the room that it’s a special gift from me. They all begin to compliment the outfit, the warm words falling like rain on parched earth. Each woman requests, in her own unique way, that you model for them, so you playfully preen, strutting along an imaginary catwalk, complete with a quick sashay of your hips. They laugh and speculate about what might be worn under such a luxurious robe.

“I think what’s underneath is the best part,” I state while undoing your sash as you stand before me, allowing everyone a glimpse of your sexy body. 

“I think he looks good enough to eat.” Jane states, to the amusement of all. “I agree.” I comment. As if to prove my point, I give your stomach several kisses, working lower. My tongue is as familiar with this area as a child knows his own room. I can feel your muscles tighten up as my tongue moves under the waist of your shorts, conveniently lowered by an arrant digit. You’re embarrassed but we’re all good friends, comfortable with one another on many levels. The teasing that ensues from our display is light hearted. 

“Hey, maybe we came at the wrong time,” Kim suggests.

“That does look like she’s having fun.” Beth, very much into pleasure states emphatically, while leaning in for a closer leer.

“No, anytime you cum, it’s never the wrong time.” Argues Jane, to the amusement of all.

The presents are scattered about you like confetti on a carpet. I place a searing kiss on your chest before moving back. You’re the center of the spread of affection as the women converge around you and I sense your questioning glance but your excitement overcomes your obvious discomfort as gift after gift is handed to you. A box of edible panties, with the matching flavored oils from Jane. A heavy package containing a paddle; a riding crop; a couple of dildos one large, extra long -- a head at either end, from Kim; another with a couple of X-rated films, each with it’s own exotic theme, courtesy of Beth & Amy. 

You’ve expressed all the appropriate gratitude, as each package is unwrapped. I can see that you are mulling the meaning behind each one; the total sum having a certain feminine slant to them has not escaped your eyes. 

“Hmm, we can use these later tonight.” You suggest with a gleam of pure delight in your eyes.

“This looks like a party for you, instead of Greg,” teases Amy.

“Don’t worry about that, he’s going to enjoy every toy here, one way or another.” I murmur, much to the delight of all. 

“There’s something on the floor by your feet.” States Beth, her hand on Amy’s thigh possessively.

You obligingly bend over to retrieve the over looked item, to the amusement of the group. 

“Maybe we should give him his birthday swats now, he’s already in the position,” someone blurts out.

“Don’t be silly, you might scare him away,” Beth admonishes.

“If he tries, we’ll all jump him, and have our way with him,” I declare to all. This statement has incited the room, each speculating vocally on your ability to take them all on simultaneously. 

“Don’t mention position to me. You characters came in at a crucial time,” you announce to all. 

“Ha! I knew something was happening here. Dish!” Kim chuckles.

“No, get back to the challenge, I want to watch,” Beth demands imperiously.

“There’s only room for one Miss Thing in this house,” I state playfully, giving the hapless Beth pause.

“I was about to…” You begin teasingly.

“Go on, don’t be shy – tell us.” The women chorus, much to your amusement.

“I was about to eat my favorite dish.” 

“Hmm, sounds like he was going to eat my favorite dish,” Amy mutters.

“We don’t want to intrude,” Kim says shyly.

“I want your pussy,” you whisper teasingly, holding out the box of edible panties.

I smile demurely, and open my legs slightly. I can tell by your expression that you’ve noticed that the evening has taken a slightly surreal turn. You hesitate, (for nearly a second!) before placing your hands on my chest, opening the buttons, one by one. The cream colored cloth is pulled aside, exposing my large 38c breasts, covered by a sheer bra, hard passion filled nipples exposed to all.

“I always like to start at the top,” you growl into my ears.

You proceed to kiss me deeply, working to my nipples via my ears, neck and shoulders. A path of scorched skin left in your wake. I feel you lowering my bra and your fingers roll an erect point between your fingers.

I glance around the room and all eyes are upon us, as expected. You take my nipple between your designed for sex lips and begin to suck on it furiously. I hold your head to me as a mother would a baby. You suckle, moaning audibly.

“Don’t forget to use the dildo,” Amy suggests.

“He doesn’t need edible’s – look at him go!” The box in question long forgotten, they move in closer to watch you eat.

You push the head of the dildo into my quivering box, a gasp of pleasure escapes from me. As the scent of my sweetness fills the air, you begin to dine on me voraciously. The lapping and sucking noises are overly loud in the quiet room. I grab onto your head, pulling you into my softness.

“This is so hot,” Beth whispers while she caresses her topless love puppet; Amy’s large thimble sized nipples are red with desire.

I explode quickly but before you can take me to the pinnacle of multiple O, I stop you.

“Hey, that was just getting good!” The foursome cry, almost in near outrage.

“I was just getting started,” you state, pouting.

“It is your birthday but we always play by the house rules. You must be obedient, generous, and open-minded. There will be penalties for disobedience. No exceptions,” I tell the group. (I look over at one sofa and Amy is between her Mistress’s thighs, doing what I’m told she does best. I’ve argued repeatedly that you are second to none but to no avail.) 

“I think you should use these gifts now,” I tell you quietly. “You do have guests.”

“You had leftovers, when I planned a banquet. I suppose you could start with something light. Chinese?” I look at you, while Kim settles on the sofa, removing her blouse and revealing small buds with dark tips. Her legs are spread, and waiting. I smile and blow you a kiss, while mouthing out a ‘happy birthday.’ Jane sits next to her as well, flashing you her much larger breasts and bushy vee, as she begins to finger herself.

You seem almost dazed but recover quickly. You assume the position.

Your mouth savors the brown points briefly before descending to the valley below. We all watch excitedly, as you lap at her portal until she squeals with delight. 

You move further down the line and Jane pushes your head onto her body, no foreplay required, just as Kim decides to help by sucking on her friends forgotten points, while Jane hesitantly explores her neighbors box.

Beth and Amy are writhing on the sofa, hungry mouths attached erotically to the others pussy. Beth is using her four fingers to open up her sub completely, lubing her up, just as her anal cavity is invaded an overly large vibrator, welded by a woman who knows her lover’s pleasure level.

The sight of you with your head on Jane’s lap is almost more than I can bear. I feel my bud open and flower once again, my body reacting to the sensations she must be experiencing from your talented tongue. She grinds against your face from the force of her liquid eruption. 

“Stand in the middle of the room,” I say, as I remove the remainder of my clothes. I leave my vantage point on the sofa and move towards you, my wetness drips from my body as I walk. Jane & Kim meet us there, and we three converge on you, gently as rain. Three different sets of breasts press against your arms, back, and torso as we move in a circle around you. Three mouths kiss or lick on your masculine form, as we pass. Three pairs of hands caress you, slowly, intimately but with the knowledge that the touches must be kept light. 

We lower you onto the carpet, and place you on your back. Jane and Kim are both licking over you intimately; the terrain as unfamiliar to them as Borneo but they quickly adapt. Jane is soon gobbling you down like a hungry trout. Kim is working lower…lubing you for the fun to follow. I tie your hands, attaching the leather ends to the sofa leg but you manage to cop a few feels before I complete the task.

“Put the ring on him first.” Kim readily complies, knowing that she is going for the first ride. I hold your erection, guiding you into her as she straddles you. She bounces as energetically as a kid on a storefront horse. I am more than a bit surprised to see Jane leaning in for a taste of sweet syrup but judging by the expression on your face, you love the results as Kim squeals as her pleasure reaches it’s obvious conclusion.

Jane takes a turn, sliding your Kim flavored tool into her slippery slit. Her large breasts bounce merrily as she moves. She pushes Kim’s head lower until her mouth attaches to her mound. The scent of feminine musk fills the air. I look over & Beth is betwixt the thighs of her lover, using a vibrator with a connoisseur’s panache. We both watch excitedly as she moans audibly – slurping up the juices she has caused.

I’ve been fingering myself, waiting my turn. I wanted you to experience every nuance of the evening, including visual but I can’t contain my excitement. I straddle your head and lower myself onto you waiting mouth. You tongue instantly finds my pleasure spot, lapping and teasing my clit. Amy moves over, and begins to lick over your erection, cleaning up every drop of excess dew that covers you. Beth straddles your cock next, taking your tool into her warm sheath. I move away from your still hungry tongue, giving Amy a turn on your well-moistened face. 

Kim & Jane are using the double headed dildo, an impossible amount of faux male in either tunnel, both are pinching and tugging at their nipples, increasing desire to a fevered pitch.

I stand over you, delighting in the sight of Beth licking over your tool. We remove the ring from your cock, the helmet of your ‘soldier’ swollen with need. Small amounts of pearlescent desire leak from you. Beth secures the strap on firmly about her hips, inserting the end knob into your tunnel of nightly enchantments. I straddle you. I want to feel you explode the pent up amounts of pleasure into my still aching core. The others are in a daisy chain; each mouth lovingly feasts from the mound in front. Once the ‘ultimate pleasures’ reached, they change positions and stroke up the flames once again.

I watch your face, as I finger myself, performing this ‘duty’ you would feel compelled to perform if you were not still restrained.

“Look at ‘em, they’re really working him over.” The girls cluster about you, drawn to you like bees to honey. Each takes a turn giving you a buss, fully on your wet mouth. My flavoring is apparent in every kiss…You explode – filling my lower being with fire. I feel it run down my thighs as I move from your well-spent tool. The girls release you – you sit up, and after briefly massaging your wrists, you move to kneel before me and happily clean my well-loved box. 

“Makes you wonder what they’ll do around here for an encore,” Jane quips, much to the delight and speculation of all.