 It was Tony's birthday and somehow he had no plans. His significant other was away on a business trip. His friends were busy with family obligations. He settled on the couch to spend his evening with some movies and a six pack of Guinness. He'd just started the first movie when the doorbell rang. He contemplated ignoring the buzz, but it rang again. Figuring he could easily get rid of the person at the door, he answered it.

His jaw dropped when he saw his old college friend, Emmy grinning ear-to-ear. Giving her a quick hug, he grabbed her arm to drag her in the house. Emmy, a buxom brunette with a naughty streak, resisted. He looked at her quizzically.

Emmy, still grinning, said, "I brought a friend to help celebrate your birthday. Would you like to meet her?"

Tony, grinning right back, looked to Emmy's side and saw a petite, knock-out blonde. He shook hands with the blonde and pulled both women gently into his home.

Tony eyed the tasty blonde who introduced herself as Beth and invited the girls to join him in the living room. Beth sat next to Tony. Emmy curled up near their feet, still grinning.

Tony hadn't seen Emmy in person in more than twenty years. She wasn't the cute collegiate girl he'd had so much fun with, but she still made his heart race. He wanted to know what she was doing at his door on his birthday, but he knew she'd tell in her own time. Beth, on the other hand, was the bigger mystery. Who was she and how did Emmy convince this stranger to join in whatever she had in mind?

Beth, confident and vivacious, had no problem answering some of his unasked questions. She began the conversation with how she and Emmy were friends and coworkers. They started talking about all manner of things, breaking whatever ice there was in the room. Emmy contributed some details, laughed a lot, and enjoyed the company of her two friends. 

Tony, obviously enjoying the conversation, invited Emmy to sit with them on the couch. Emmy was delighted with the invitation. She leaned against Tony after pulling her dress discreetly back down her bare thighs. Beth casually put her arm on the back of the couch, touching Emmy's shoulder. Tony smiled and put a hand on each girl's thigh. Emmy leaned closer, her breast pressed against Tony's chest. Beth reached with her other hand to Tony's cheek, turning his face toward her. Tony was more than happy to oblige her with a first kiss. Beth licked his lip, savoring the headiness of the beer. Meanwhile Emmy placed her hand on Tony's chest, savoring the warmth and enjoying the feeling of his heartbeat. Tony turned to Emmy, not wanting her to feel left out. She kissed him hard. Then turned him toward Beth, whispering, "Go ahead, enjoy her."

Tony smiled and proceeded to return to doing just that. Beth thrust her tongue into his mouth and pulled his shirt up. Emmy helped to remove it. Emmy caressed his back, his strong shoulders, her fingers alternating between light caresses and harder pressure. Tony moaned into Beth's mouth. Beth captured the moan. She also captured his hands and encouraged them to unbutton her dress. Emmy reached around Tony to rub her hands against his tight nipples. Tony paused in his unbuttoning to fondle Beth's small, delightful breasts. His fingers touched the creaminess that spilled above her sexy red bra, then dipped under the bra to find her taut nipples. He leaned in to kiss the creaminess. Beth pulled Emmy to her knees to loosen the fabric of her dress and began to pull the dress up over her head. Tony reached a hand behind him to caress Emmy's soft bottom and pull her back toward him. As he pulled her close, Tony got a whiff of a scent he remembered from college. The scent made him all the more hard. He absolutely had to kiss her. 

Tony growled, "Emmy..." 

Beth smiled knowingly and stood up. Tony, not thinking about Beth at all, turned to grab Emmy and pull her on his lap. Emmy happily straddled him, her damp black lace panties pressed against his hard cock, her black lace clad tits in his face. She leaned down to kiss him. Her tongue thrust in his mouth, one hand wrapped around his neck, the other pressed against his chest. Tony's hands grabbed at her breasts, so much more than he remembered. So soft. He reached around her back to unclasp the hook and let loose the mounds. One hand massaged the soft flesh, pressing gently around the hard, pink nipple. He broke the kiss to look at her beautiful tits before placing his mouth on the other nipple, sucking hard as Emmy moaned out loud. Tony caressed her belly, making his way down to the enticing place- desperate to feel just how wet she was. Emmy rubbed against him one more time before sliding down to kneel before him, her eyes large and dark as she stared at how well he was filling his jeans at that moment.

Hearing a small noise, Tony remembered that they weren't alone in the room. Tony looked up to see Beth standing right behind Emmy, her hands caressing her own breasts and her red panties clearly demonstrating that she wasn't bored by the show. Reading Tony's mind, Beth slowly undid the front clasp of her bra and released her white breasts. Tony licked his lips in appreciation. Beth touched her slit through her wet panties, moaning quietly. 

Tony begged, "Let me see more." 

Beth placed her fingers at the top of her panties and slowly pulled them down past her slim hips. Tony, entranced by her movements, was incapable of asking for more. Beth wiggled the panties down to the floor and gracefully stepped out of them. She returned her fingers to that hot place. Tony beckoned her closer.

Meanwhile, Emmy had taken advantage of Tony's distraction to unbutton and unzip his jeans. She caressed his cock through the soft cotton of his boxer briefs. Not enough. She pulled the fabric out of her way and wrapped her hand around his member. His cock so hot, filling her hand with heat and pleasure. She held her hand very still, just enjoying the heft and heat. When she sensed that Beth was coming closer, she urged Tony to lift up so she could take off the rest of his clothing. He obliged her request, but also told her to stand up. Emmy stood, not quite knowing why, until Tony yanked her panties down too and thrust his fingers into her wet slit. When Beth was close enough Tony traced her wet lips with the fingers of his other hand. Both girls gasped. Emmy bucked against his hand. Beth pulled closer, hoping for the same treatment. Tony pulled his fingers out of Emmy, licked a bit of the cream himself and then offered the rest to Emmy and Beth. Both girls licked hungrily and then pulled Tony down to the floor, laying him on his back. 

Enjoying the look in Tony's eyes, Emmy smiled back and gently kissed his enticing lips. The feeling of those soft, warm lips brought back memories long forgotten from their all-too-brief college fling. Beth meanwhile kissed and caressed his chest, as Tony put his arm around her. He was a little surprised when she scooted out of reach, until he realized where her kisses were going- a direction he approved all too much! He gasped out loud as Beth's tongue gently licked his cock. The gasp pulled Emmy out of her kissing reverie. She grinned impishly, kissed him hard and quick, and began to trace the same sensuous path as Beth had. Beth, impatient with the gently licking, thrust her hot mouth over the manly equipment just as Emmy nipped his hard nipple. Tony caressed Emmy's shoulders and touched Beth's hair as he groaned in amazement. Emmy loved the feel of Tony's caresses, but she wanted to taste that cock too. She continued her licking and kisses down to his thigh. Beth sucked, moaning in the enjoyment of the moment. Emmy gently touched Beth's back to see if Beth believed in sharing. Beth opened her eyes just a little bit as she slowly pulled her hot mouth away from the hard, now shiny and slick engorged member. 

She smiled before saying, "He tastes every bit as good as you said."

Emmy blushed, then winked with mischief. The two girls, completely in synch, lightly touched lips before bending their heads wickedly toward their goal. With Emmy on the left side, and Beth on the right, the girls slowly began caressing Tony's throbbing cock with their tongues. Their faces so close, their breathing intermingled, Tony's cock enjoying all their attention. Tony was dazed by the feeling of the two hot tongues lathering up his already amazingly hard cock. It felt so delicious to be the recipient of so much attention. The two tongues reached the tip of his cock, already so sensitive after Beth's attention, Tony took a deep breath- almost afraid he'd come too soon. As the girls simultaneously licked his head, their tongues accidentally brushed each other. The sensation was so incredibly arousing, Emmy leaned forward to get more. Emmy placed her soft hand around Tony's cock- to stop her shaking hand- as Beth reached over to enter Emmy's hot, wet slit with her finger. Not to be left out, Tony pinched Emmy's nipple with one hand and caressed Beth's sweet ass with the other. The exquisite kissing, the expert fingering and the painfully exciting nipple pinching proved too much for Emmy. She came hot, wet, and fast all over Beth's fingers. As her breathing regained normalcy, she replaced her hand with her mouth, sure of what to do with Tony, not so sure of what to say to Beth. Tony, loving the feel of Emmy's mouth on his cock, urged Beth's luscious tits up to his mouth and plunged his finger into her hot passage. Beth moaned deliciously. Tony added another finger to her cunt and caressed her other creamy breast with his unoccupied hand. Beth rode his hand until she was ready to explode. Emmy's licks and sucks had driven Tony to the brink of the most amazing explosion he could imagine. Emmy sped up her thrusting, often getting his cock partially down her throat, so ready for Tony to shoot his cum for her. Tony nipped and pinched and stroked Beth. Then Beth and Tony both screamed as they reached the pinnacle of pleasure. Emmy sucked Tony until he had no more to give. Tony stroked Beth until she begged him to stop. Then the three sated playmates collapsed on top of each other.

Tony caressed the shoulders of each sweet girl as they both laid their heads on his smooth chest. Emmy and Beth practically purred with satisfaction and relaxation. Tony closed his eyes, the most beatific smile on his face. He couldn't remember a more interesting birthday present. He couldn't imagine anything that could make this birthday any better. 

He felt the girls' soft breath teasing against his chest. Their beautiful, bountiful bosoms pressed so close to him, cool yet hot. Each girl draped a soft leg over his leg. Their hot boxes exuded the heady aroma of excitement, passion and satiation. Tony couldn't quite believe it, but this gentle relaxing moment was turning into something less relaxing for him. His rod sprang to life- a mind and purpose of its own. Emmy felt that hot cock brush against her leg and her box did a little dance of its own as it hungered. Oh yes, she wanted that cock in her secret place and she wanted it right then. 

Emmy kissed Tony's nipple before springing to her knees. She pushed her tit against Tony's face- he eagerly nibbled her nipple. Then she crawled down to straddle Tony. His cock seemed to know the way into her hot, wet, ready passage. She thrust quickly to get every inch of him inside her. 

Meanwhile Beth did a little straddling of her own, placing her juicy slit in Tony's face. The aroma from Beth's beautiful cunt made Tony's cock dance. Emmy moaned with the pleasure of his hard cock filling her so completely. Tony licked Beth's lips, savoring the new taste of this giving girl. He dipped his tongue into her love passage, enjoying her moans of appreciation. He found her sensitive clit and gave it the attention it deserved. Beth had trouble sitting still and didn't bother to keep quiet about how much she liked what Tony was doing. 

Emmy raised herself to the very head of Tony's cock, very careful not to let it go. She'd waited too long to enjoy his cock to let it free. She wiggled around the tip slowly twisting her body, teasing them both to a feverish need. Then she slowly, agonizingly slowly, allowed herself to sink on his hot cock, inch by inch, pausing briefly along the way because it was so good. Her passage so sensitized, so hot, so needy, she felt every ripple of his fabulous cock. By the time she reached his balls, Emmy was sure she'd cum again in a second.

Beth, struggling against her own explosion, bit her lip to keep from screaming. Tony's tongue worked its magic on her magic button, licked her lips, entered her passage, but most of all enjoyed tasting Beth's flavorful juices as they dripped down his chin. Tony was a master at the job he clearly relished.

Remembering the feeling of his tongue made Emmy's cunt quiver. She wasn't quite so patient now. She stroked his cock up and down feverishly, her eyes rolling in the feelings of his hard cock rubbing against her love passage. She rode him hard, slamming against hips and pulling almost away again and again.

Tony mumbled something into Beth's twat as he licked and sucked and licked. Beth, the only one capable of communication, shouted "oh god!"

Tony licked furiously as he started bucking his hips, his thrusts joining Emmy's thrusts. Beth's crotch danced in Tony's face as she approached her climax. Beth moaned as she reached the pinnacle as Tony and Emmy joined in her moans. Emmy's passage squeezed Tony's cock again and again as he exploded within her. When the threesome could breathe again, the girls collapsed in a heap around Tony, laughing and smiling. Now Tony was absolutely sure that nothing could make this birthday any more interesting. 

Emmy and Beth were still laughing and lounging on Tony. But they were a little parched. Tony slipped away into the kitchen to get some refreshment. The girls giggled. Then Emmy looked deeply into Beth's eyes with a quizzical look. Beth blushed a bit. 

Emmy said, "Please let me." 

Beth smiled and laid down in response. Emmy, a little unsure, but definitely excited, kneeled between Beth's legs and lowered her face into Beth's sweet smelling crotch. She tentatively licked the juicy, smooth lips, her own juices flowing freely. 

Beth moaned quietly, "so good." 

Emmy swooned and gently tested more of Beth's juices. She licked the magic spot and tasted the passage. She came back to the lips, finally understanding why a shaved crotch is so exciting. She snuck a peek at Beth's face. Beth's eyes were closed and the expression of rapture made Beth's face even more beautiful. Emmy was sure that no sight was sweeter. The taste of Beth's juices was so different from anything she had ever tried. She discovered that she liked licking twat very much. Smiling, she focused her attention back to the delights in her face.

Tony stood in the doorway, completely astonished at the vision in front of him. He never imagined that he'd ever see his friend sucking away at a beautiful cunt. He never imagined anything quite so amazing to watch. His cock was harder than it had ever been, pounding with heat, throbbing with excitement, coursing with lust. His cock danced with jealousy, remembering the talents of Emmy's tongue and the tastiness of Beth's love box. His eyes shifted slightly to take in the view of Emmy's luscious bottom which was wonderfully, enticingly jutting up. Tony's cock led him exactly where he needed to be. He reached his hand out to give Emmy's ass a sharp smack and teased, "naughty girls to be going on without me." 

Emmy gasped, having completely forgotten about Tony. She licked Beth provocatively just once more before smirking at Tony and wiggling her bum. Emmy coyly said, "You know what to do with that."

This was all the prompting that Tony required. He did indeed know what to do with that. There was nothing Tony liked more that plugging his throbbing cock into a gaping, dripping pussy while grabbing on a luscious bum. Emmy spread her legs a bit to accommodate him, sighing as he entered her roughly. She loved that hard cock thrusting deep inside her steaming cunt. Then she opened her eyes to the feast lying in front of her.

Beth's hot spot was so sensitive she nearly screamed, but Emmy's innocent, sexy tongue was a delight. Emmy sweetly toyed with Beth's clit, rolling it around her tongue, enjoying the gasps from Beth. Then she licked the hot passage, nearly swooning with the taste and feel. Emmy was so hot-the favorite position a guarantee of pleasure, the new experience a promise of ecstasy. Emmy's own passage so sensitive already, made more so by the pleasure of licking Beth, could hardly stand the pressure of Tony's cock thrusting into her. Each person in the wicked threesome barely holding on to sanity, was amazingly close to exploding yet again on this wild evening. Emmy licked until Beth screamed as her cunt bucked in Emmy's face, spraying her with delicious cum. Tony thrust wildly, smacking Emmy's bum, until he too exploded, filling Emmy's with his cum again. Emmy, completely undone by the simultaneous explosions of her friends and her own barely contained pleasure, joined instantly. As their orgasms finally slowed down to mere twitches, the threesome again collapsed on top of each other- too exhausted to even smirk. Tony was absolutely positive this time that the interesting experiences of this birthday were at an end. And then he heard a key in the lock.