 Although Kyle said he wanted to call it a night, I invited everyone up for beers to my place and Jamie and Ethan were quick to agree. I wouldn't have bothered convincing Kyle to join us if Ethan had wanted to go home. I was horny beyond belief, and would have given every dollar in my bank account just to be alone with Jamie. 

I had a couch and one standalone chair in my living room, most of it decorated with bookshelves, stacks of books, and some photos of myself and my family I had taken when I was a black-and-white photography nut. My curtains, like the upholstery of the furniture, was all violet. I had a pair of lamps in the room with matching lampshades, and they created a really great erotic mood when I turned off the overheads and left only those on. Suffice to say it had been a while since I had a need for mood lighting, and I couldn't have picked a better night to be alone with one man—but I was stuck with three.

I made the second run to the kitchen to collect us new beers, and my mind was moving in devious directions. I couldn't... could I? Jesus, what would they think of me?

Hell, what did they think of me already?

I went back to the living room and sat between Ethan and Kyle on the couch, leaning with my back against Kyle, my legs stretching over Ethan's to rest on the arm of the chair. I would have preferred to sit alone with Jamie, close enough to send him signals, but he had already chosen his chair. 

"So... who's fucking who?" I asked. 

Maybe I was a little more flirty than usual.

The guys exchanged looks with each other, all on the verge of laughter. I only rubbed my legs together a little coquettishly and clarified my question: Didn't any of them have girls they were trying to get into bed? Kyle was the first to roll his eyes, but I had to apply pressure to get an answer. 

"You know Gloria," he said. "I've wanted to... for weeks... I'm not saying it's about sex alone, I like her, you know I do..."

"You haven't even mentioned any girl's name in the entire time I've known you... 'cept for her, I mean," Jamie said. He was showing the effects of the alcohol worse than I was. Everything made him smile. 

"Well... that's probably over."

"Did you ask her to suck you off?" I asked. Both Ethan and I giggled. 

"It has nothing to do with sex, dammit," Kyle said, trying to laugh, but a little wounded. "She's a Catholic. She doesn't want to get serious with anyone who's not a Catholic."

"For real?"

"That's kind of crazy," Ethan said quietly. I patted the side of Kyle's face. 

"No... you want to know what's crazy? I was thinking about converting to be with her." I moaned out a sympathetic cry for him, but he shook his head. "My parents would have hung me up on a cross of my own if they had found that out. I wouldn't say, you know, I've given up... but I don't think it's going to happen. Gloria and me."

Eventually, when the silence started to kill the mood, Ethan confessed to us, "Danni doesn't know I'm alive."

"For real?" I didn't want to laugh, but I was actually surprised. "Two weeks ago it seemed like a sure thing. You said she was bantering with you—you had banter."

"I heard she showed you her tits," said Jamie, and we all laughed. I hadn't been told that, another gender-barrier casualty. 

"Well, I'm thinking now that was just an accident. Before I actually believed it was just supposed to look like an accident. She was... kind of just lifting these books up onto the top shelf and her shirt was snagged on her bracelets or something. It looked kind of fake."

"That's a chickenshit way to do it," I laughed. "She should at least have the guts to flash you for real."

"That's an expert speaking," said Jamie. I should have laughed it away, but instead I gave him an exaggerated sexy wink before breaking into a smile. 

Nothing was going on with Jamie either, it seemed. He smiled more than spoke on it, and when Kyle accused him of "tramping around" with two different girls he worked with, he didn't deny it. All he would volunteer was that he wasn't serious about anyone. 

"But I do have a girl I've been seeing a lot more of lately," he said, looking at me. God, was he serious? I might have been misreading him, but it seemed like he was talking about me. Probably a joke, but dry enough that we all might have missed it or misread it. 

Kyle did seem to miss it altogether, judging by his segue: "Speaking of girls we're seeing a lot more of... how about you, Felicia? Who are you seeing?"

"Nobody... unfortunately," I confessed, which had been my whole reason for bringing it up. I shifted my legs around, trying to make it look like an accident when I brushed Ethan's groin, and had my eyes on Jamie. "I'm not sure if I would be more worked up now if we had gone to a male strip joint. But that's where I'm going tomorrow night. Or if we go next weekend, I'm taking you guys along..."

"No way."

"I don't think we're doing that," laughed Kyle. 

To my surprise, Jamie shrugged. They gave him a Judas stare. "We had our fun. What kind of gentlemen would we be if we didn't let Felicia have hers?"

"I think she had her share of fun," Kyle said, rubbing my shoulder. I cursed the thin layer of cotton between his skin and mine; I was far too fired up to let three healthy single guys go home without doing me a favor. I touched Kyle's hand, hoping to communicate my mood. 

When his hand slipped away, I was inclined to believe I had. 

"You're a hell of a dancer," Jamie told me, and I gave him a disappointed smile and shook my head. 

"I'm an awful dancer. Believe me, I know it. That's the only thing making me reconsider going back there and trying for a job." They all seemed amazed, maybe even a little aghast at what I had said. "I don't know. I'm just being silly. But I did it once, right, even if I never do it again? I let everybody see... you know. Everything. It was an incredible experience."

"That's not exactly what we planned when we took you there. Believe us." I told Ethan I was glad I went, bouncing a bare heel off his thigh like a playful slap. 

I opened up to the three of them, aided by the beer and whatever lingering high swirled over me. I started at the end and went backwards, describing how electric it felt when Ethan put his hands on me—I could feel his bulge suddenly pressing against the back of my calf, and I knew it was bigger than it had been a few seconds before. I told them about the shock I felt when Star pulled my panties down—I hadn't planned that, I made sure they knew. 

"You must have been pissed."

"Well," I told Kyle, rubbing his cheek in a way I wasn't even conscious of, "She told me I would regret it if I didn't go 'all the way.' That's what she said. I'm not sure about that... but I really don't regret doing it. I got the whole experience, I guess—"

"You're not sober yet," Jamie said, and we all laughed along. 

I went on to tell them about the lapdance, even confessing that it made me hot—any argument of "intellectual curiosity" about the whole thing didn't hold up after I got squeezed between those marble walls with Star on top of me. Ethan wanted to hear every detail, but after describing it for a while, I felt like I was gushing—verbally and physically. I had turned red and was more than a little embarrassed at revealing so much of my dirty mind. 

"I never knew you wanted to fuck a girl before," said Jamie. It would have been earth-shattering to hear him say something like that most other nights, even if it had been a joke, and the way he said it, it wasn't a joke; it was a piece of information he had pried out of me. I looked at him with eyes that seemed as humbled as the rest of me. 

"I never thought I did. But you know... when I watched her grind on me, spread her legs, shake her tits, wiggle her ass... I was thinking more about dancing on her the same way. That's what I told her... that's how we ended up on stage like that."

"Would you have done it if you weren't drunk?" 

I glanced up at Kyle and gave him a grin. "Probably not. But I really loved being able to blame it on the drinks I had. It was really all me, baby..."

We all lay there quiet for a minute, looking to each other, smirking, feeling some change in the air that we wouldn't speak of. Jamie said he was getting us all another beer, but Kyle said he didn't know how much longer he would be staying. Ethan, in his best impression of an alpha male, called him a pussy. As I finished giggling, I got up and went to my room. I ignored their questions about what I was doing. 

When I came back, the three of them had new beers—and I was wearing a short black skirt, a baggy black dress shirt that used to belong to my ex, a pair of black vinyl boots that almost reached my knees, and the sultriest smile I could manage. Ethan yelped out a laugh and clapped his hands. Jamie gave me a nod of approval, but Kyle only seemed stunned. 

"You've got to tell me the truth... don't worry about hurting my feelings if it's a 'no'... but do you think I could work there?"

"Work at the... the what? The Paradise Lounge? The club?"

I rubbed my thighs together, and I could see they approved. 

"You don't think I'd make the cut?"

Jamie had an extra beer in his hand, and he brought it over to me, walking with a kind of intimidating lumber as his eyes drank me in. He pressed the cold can into my hand and made me shiver. 

"You were the absolute sexiest girl in the club... clothed or unclothed..."

"Oh-kay," Kyle said, then laughed, but nobody joined in; I wouldn't have, even if I hadn't been paralyzed by Jamie's eyes. 

"You're a smooth talker... but I don't want to hear any bullshit," I told him, looking away and hoping he wouldn't recognize how vulnerable I really was. "You didn't think that before I walked into that club."

"I always knew you were sexy," Jamie said, giving me his best smile, "but I am guilty of not acting on it before. But I'm kicking myself now."

His hand was rubbing my upper arm, making me giddy like the room had filled with helium, and in that not-quite-silence, Ethan got up and started making excuses about being tired. 

"Please don't leave," I told him, and I surprised myself. What was I planning? I wasn't sure, but I wanted an audience for it. 

Kyle had started to stand up but also sat back down when Ethan did, running a hand through his hair, looking at the floor. The other two seemed pretty game for whatever I had in mind, even smiling, but I wasn't sure about Kyle. He started on a spiel about how he was tired and had things planned for the morning, but he gave me enough chances to interrupt him that he obviously wasn't that keen to escape. 

"It's still my birthday until I go to sleep, right?" No one answered, so I led Jamie by the hand back to his chair, reluctantly letting his fingers free of mine when I turned to face the other two on the couch. "I really liked my present... it made this one of the best nights of my life. I wanted to thank you guys. And you would be doing me a favor, too... if you let me try out my lapdance fantasy."

They were quiet, each in their own way. Jamie clearly didn't see the need for any words, watching me with his devilish eyes; on the couch, Ethan looked terrified of spoiling the moment, of making me realize he was the same guy I had worked with for so long, and Kyle, well, Kyle looked caught up in some moral conflict that I probably would have joined him in, if I was thinking more clearly. 

"Felicia..."

"I don't want to hear anything that starts like that," I warned Kyle, lifting my arms, taking my hair with them, wound around my fingers, and swaying back and forth as I stared down. "You can go... if you really don't feel it. If you really don't want me to dance for you. You're my friend today—all of you are my friends tonight... you'll be my friends tomorrow. I don't see any reason to make it more complicated than that. If that's not good enough for you... I won't hold it against you if you leave."

My hips were rocking one way and then another, as lazy as a weather vane turned by very little wind, and I looked from one to the other of them, making a circle around the room. Jamie had stopped smiling, which only made my heart thump faster. Kyle couldn't bring himself to look at me, which made me feel bad, but not bad enough to stop. As for Ethan, I'm not sure I could have done anything to offend him by that point. I had seen lust in his eyes whenever I wore any shirt that showed a little cleavage or a skirt that showed a little leg, but I had never seen him with such a hard-on in his eyes. 

I flapped my skirt up at him in the back, then gave him a toothy smile, knowing he was as wrapped around my finger as any man had ever been. When I came back to Kyle again, I took a step toward him, but it only caused him to stand up. 

"Whatever you do here tonight... it's cool with me," he said, but the edge in his voice made me doubtful he meant it. "I just... I don't think I'm ready for this."

First he started toward the door, then wavered back and forth between the exit and the kitchen, almost comically, before deciding to take his beer in there to leave on the counter. Then he left with only the quickest of looks into my eyes. I felt sure I had lost a friend, and I stopped thinking about my fantasy long enough to speculate on calling him tomorrow and trying to repair the damage. 

I saw Ethan's expression again, and his desire for me brought me back to thoughts of dancing. I had missed a chance to be alone with Jamie by then, I knew, but I wasn't feeling bad about that. I had a stronger fantasy in mind. 

It might have been an amazing level of self-control, modesty, or hey, even a genuine aversion to having sex with me that sent Kyle away, but I had to wonder if it wasn't the idea of sharing me with two others guys. I said to Ethan, while turning to look at Jamie and including him, "Are you guys going to feel weird about this?" 

"No," Ethan blurted out, taking a long breath afterwards. 

"I think we're grown up enough to handle whatever happens," said Jamie. 

I went to him first, picking up the tempo of my dance, slamming my hips one way, then the other, relishing each small shake of my breasts. These ample crests had been so disturbing and foreign when they first began to develop around 14, ballooned on my chest until I felt they were nothing but unwanted distractions from the rest of me; but over the year, I not only made my peace with them, but let them become my secret pride, loving how even in a bra they would tremble with my every movement. I was amazed every day how they could capture the attention of any guy in the room, even those I really didn't want attending me, and even more shocked such men could somehow believe I didn't notice them noticing me. Letting Jamie so blatantly watch them quiver with each movement while I watched them felt incredibly lewd. I unbuttoned my dress shirt and let it fall open, leaving them a tad more unobstructed. Star had done me a real favor picking out the bra for me, a beautiful piece of lingerie that accented my size without the usual "muffining" around the sides I had come to think of as normal. 

I turned to face Ethan on the couch as I slid the shirt down my shoulders and off one arm. A footstool had been pushed away from Jamie's chair, and I hooked my booted foot on it and dragged it closer, then invited him to sit on it. When Ethan joined us, a little slower than I would have expected, I was caught between the two of them. I flitted my shirt away as I turned back to face Jamie, who had begun to regrow his grin. 

I bucked forward and backward, bending my knees with each thrust, proud of all the cardio and squats that had left my belly so toned and flat. I reached behind me as if I was going to undo my bra, but I only pulled the strap out and let it crack back, snapping my teeth with an audible noise as if it had hurt. 

I unhitched my skirt and let the two leaves part, showing the skin under the band of my thong. I made a face like it had been an accident, probably deserved to be laugh at for an expression like that, then I held my legs tightly together to let it float down to the floor. When I bent over to pick it up from the floor, I pretended to be unaware my ass was in Ethan's face. I smirked at Jamie as if it were our private joke, but he didn't seem to be in the mood to laugh anymore. He sipped his beer and nodded at me. I glanced down to see he was having his own moment as my breasts hung pendulous in my bra. I had never seen them appear so huge. 

When I looked up again, Jamie's bedroom eyes were already fucking me. I tried smiling at him, but he didn't mirror me. He was taking this seriously. I wondered if it would have been possible to call everything off, tell them I had had my fun, send them home—I would never find out since there was no way I was capping things off prematurely. If Jamie tried to leave, I might have wrestled him to the floor and forced him inside me. The only thing bothering me was the idea that he would never be solely mine if we shared our first time with Ethan in the room—but it was a reasonable worry that was slowly sinking in the mire of my arousal. 

I unfastened my bra, rising to stand erect again, and shifted my shoulders until the straps fell down my biceps. I smiled as I held the bra in place, looked back at Ethan with curls of brown hair hanging in my face, imagining the sight of my bare back was driving him even wilder than me and Jamie. 

"God, you're so fucking gorgeous," he whispered, and it almost made me laugh; it might have, if I hadn't been warm all over from his compliment. 

I had teased long enough—they weren't anything they hadn't already seen. I let it fall away and I dangled the bra from my extended arms to let them soak up the vision of my bared breasts in profile. I smiled with some anxiety, my bottom lip curving inward over my teeth as I thought about all the ways they wanted to touch me, and how I was about to let them. 

I fell forward on my knees, my head lowered, my chin on my collarbone, and let my hair dangle over the crotch between Jamie's spread legs. From this position I could stare down at the well-defined bulge. It seemed criminal that they could see me and I couldn't see them. But this wasn't the club, I knew I could make up the rules as I went along, not confine myself to someone else's. I reached up and touched Jamie's thighs over his dark slacks. My fingers crept inward, dragging the material with them, but sensing the tension in his discreet muscles. My breath quickened, and I was forgetting I had just been dancing. 

A knock at the door made all three of us jump. I laughed as I looked up into Jamie's face. 

"I'll, uh... let me get it—"

"It's my place," I said, standing up and stretching out my arms, probably doing nothing more than reminding Ethan my tits were out in the open. I winked at him and then did my tick-tock walk to the door, my thighs brushing each other, hips swinging. 

Like a madwoman, I opened the door wide without even asking who it was, not that I should have expected my father or the clergy at 3:30 in the morning. Kyle stood there, one thumb hooked in the pocket of his jeans, leg kind of crooked as if he had been striking a pose, and after his eyes met mine, they fell right to my breasts. I lifted my chin in defiance of his earlier rejection, but in a way that wasn't Kyle at all, he didn't hide his staring. 

"I just... had to get a breath of air," he said. When his eyes met mine again, I felt as unarmored as anyone with a bared chest should. "Is it alright if I come in?"

"Are you sure you're okay with it?"

I didn't explain "it" and didn't give him any reason to define it, let his imagination run away with him. He didn't shrink away, but I knew he wasn't as cool with everything as he wanted to seem. Kyle licked his lips. 
