 This happened a few years ago. At the time I had a boyfriend, Dave, and we were quite sexually active. As we had sex whenever we got the opportunity. Dave was about a year older than me a little under six foot and quite muscular. I was very attracted to him but I wasn't really in love with him. It was coming up to Dave's birthday and I had a special present planned for him.

On the day of his birthday I went round to his house to give him the present I bought him. After I gave him that I told him I was going to give him a 'special' present later that night. Dave realised I meant we were going to have sex and I think had a suspicion as to what I meant. Although he was only slightly right. Dave thought that we were going to try anal sex for the first time. One thing Dave always loved to do was go down on me, he was really good at eating my pussy out and could always make me cum. Every so often when he was eating me out, his tongue would stray down to my asshole. This always made me feel really dirty and got me very wet when he licked my ass. Occasionally he would slip his tongue in there or a finger, which felt incredible but I was a little uncertain about letting him fuck my ass.

Truthfully I'd always fantasised about trying anal sex and it always made me wet when I thought about it. I was going to let him fuck me there but that wasn't all. A few weeks previously I'd been to a party at one of Dave's friends houses. I'd gone with my friend Loren and Dave of course. We brought Loren along as we were trying to set her up with a friend of Dave's but it didn't actually happen. Loren is one of my best friends and we've known each other since we were about 5. Loren is 5'8, has 34D breasts, she's a leggy blonde at the time she her hair was about shoulder length. I'd fooled around with Loren a couple of times we'd kissed and touched each other's breasts but that was about it. Loren like myself is also a bit of a bad girl. At school the two of us had quite a reputation.

Later at the party after mostly everyone had gone home. We'd been drinking and smoking and we were all a bit merry at this point. Someone suggested playing spin the bottle. We had been playing for about half an hour and the questions had started to get a lot ruder. I knew Dave found Loren attractive and she did him. It got round to my turn to ask a question and I decided to ask Dave this. 'If he could fuck any other girl at the party who would it be'? Dave was a little shocked at this. The truth was I wouldn't mind what he was going to say as I had slept around on Dave a little. At first he was a little uncertain but then eventually got up the courage to say Loren. I thought Loren took it as a compliment and thought that was all it was.

A few days after the party I found myself getting very wet to the thoughts of seeing Loren fuck Dave. It started becoming a bit of a fantasy for me imagining myself eating her pussy while Dave fucked her. Then I decided to make it a reality. I decided as a very special present on his birthday that he would get a threesome with Loren and me. A few days before Dave's birthday I'd been at Loren's having a girly night in. We spent most of the evening taking about boys and sex. So I decided to ask her if given the chance she would fuck Dave. Loren told she'd love to fuck him as she thought he was really hot and knowing the two of us were together made her a little jealous. Then I just came out and asked her if she wanted to have a threesome with Dave and me. I think she was a little uncertain at first but then she agreed, saying she'd often had fantasies about me.

The day of Dave's I had my house to myself. Leaving me with the house to myself. I'd told Dave to come round at about 8:00 in the evening and Loren was getting here at six. The plan was I'd surprise Dave with the threesome, just making him think it was him and me at first. At about 7:30 I had a quick shower and put a bathrobe on. Underneath all I had on was a lacy pair of bra and panties. At a little past eight the doorbell rang. I hurried downstairs leaving Loren alone in my bedroom. I opened the door and greeted Dave still just in my bathrobe, it was tied very loosely in the middle. I kissed him on the lips and the two of us had passionate embrace. Dave was wearing a shirt and jeans.

Then I stepped back from him and let the bath robe slip open. Dave's eyes nearly burst out of their sockets when he saw me just in the robe and underwear. I gestured for him to follow me into the living room. He happily followed. I told him to sit down on the couch and he did as he was told. I let the robe slip to the floor and stood there in front of him just in my underwear. Seductively I ran my hands down my body, stopping on my breasts to rub them slowly before continuing onto my pussy, which I rubbed through my panties. I then sat on Dave's lap and started to kiss him again, I could feel the fact that he was beginning to get hard so I started to rub my pussy against his cock. We continued kissing and I felt Dave starting to unclasp my bra. Dave loved playing with my breasts and I love having my nipples sucked as it gets me really wet. I took my bra off and threw it to one side. Dave greedily started to suck on my nipples. Taking one in his mouth and sucking and licking it hard and then switching to the other, whilst squeezing my breasts with his hands. I let him do this every so often. I started to undo his shirt and quickly took it off him. I began to run my hands across his chest, tweaking his nipples slightly. We continued like this for several minutes and then Dave traced one hand down to my panties.

I was enjoying teasing him and I wasn't allowing him to play with my pussy just yet, despite how wet I was. I got up off his lap and started to pull his jeans down. I pulled them completely off him. Leaving him just in his boxers. I quickly stripped him completely nude, freeing Dave's now hard cock. Dave wasn't too big about 8 inches long and quite thick. I got on my knees in front of him and grabbed his cock in one hand. Dave moaned as I touched him and knew what was about to happen. I really love to suck cock, I love the feeling of a guy's cock hardening in my mouth.

I started to jerk my hand up and down his length slowly. I started to swirl my tongue around the tip of his cock, licking it slowly. I took the head of his cock into my mouth and sucked hard on it. Dave nearly came right then, but he had a good amount of staying power. I continued to jerk his shaft with one hand while sucking and licking the head while it was in my mouth. I released the tip from my mouth and ran my tongue down the length of his cock down to his balls, which I sucked in turn.. At this point my pussy was dying for some attention so I slipped my free hand back and started to rub my clit. I took the head of his cock back into my mouth and started to take more of his cock in my mouth. I like to think I'm pretty good at deepthroat, I could easily get all of Dave's cock in my mouth without gagging.

When he was deep in my mouth I sucked his cock hard again, while licking the underside of it while it was in my mouth. Slowly I dragged my lips up the length of his cock and then let it slip from my mouth. It was time to give Dave his present. I told him to shut his eyes before he got his gift. I took his hand in mine and led him upstairs to my bedroom. Loren was sat on the bed not making a sound. She was just wearing her underwear a skimpy white thong and matching bra. She smiled at the sight of me just in my panties and Dave naked and still utterly hard. I got on the bed next to Loren and told Dave to open his eyes.

The look on Dave's face as he opened his eyes was a mixture of lust, curiosity and slight embarrassment. Seeing Loren sat there next to me I don't think he was certain what was going on possibly he thought this was just a trick. Loren took the lead and said while staring at Dave's engorged cock.

"So Dave still want to fuck me?"

All Dave could do was nod.

"Happy birthday Dave. This is you're real present a threesome with Loren" I told him.

Dave's eyes instantly light up as a look crossed his face like he was the luckiest guy on earth. I couldn't help myself and moved one hand to Loren's breasts and started to caress them through her bra. Loren moaned a little and moved in closer to kiss me. The two of us began to kiss, our tongues intertwined, kissing each other deeply I continued to play with Loren's breasts rubbing her nipples through the bra a little roughly. Loren moaned quietly into my mouth and she reached her arms round her back and unclasped her bra. She took it off and playfully threw it at Dave. The two of us continued kissing and Loren started to play with my nipples as I rubbed hers between my fingers.

I looked over at Dave who seemed content watching his girlfriend kissing and playing with another girl. He was slowly jerking his cock to the sight of me and Loren kissing. As much as I was enjoying exploring Loren's body I really wanted to see her doing something with Dave. I broke off our kiss and said to her.

"Why don't you suck Dave's cock Loren?" I suggested.

"I'd love too." She replied.

Loren got up off the bed and headed over to Dave, she gripped his cock with one hand and started to jerk him off and leant into kiss him. It turned me on to see my boyfriend with another girl. The two of them continued kissing wildly embracing each other, while Loren jerked him faster and harder. She broke off their kiss and squatted down in front of him, she held his cock up high and started to lick the underside of his cock, while continuing to jerk him off. As much as this was turning me on as I had started to rub myself again I had to join in.

I went over to join them and got down on the floor beside Loren. I started to suck her nipples as she was sucking my boyfriend off. Loren moaned softly and moved her tongue down to Dave's ball. She slowly ran her tongue across Dave's balls, taking each one in her mouth and sucking it gently. I started to lick her nipples harder as she did this, squeezing her breasts with my hands. Loren licked back up Dave's cock and started to lick the tip of it. While continuing to suck on Loren's breasts I moved one hand down to her panties and started to rub her pussy through them. Loren let out a moan and took the head of Dave's cock inside her mouth. I could tell she was sucking him hard due to Dave's moans.

At this point I wanted to taste Loren's pussy more than ever. I moved down so I was laid with my head underneath her pussy and slipped her thong to one side. Looking upwards I could see Loren taking about half of Dave's cock in her mouth as she continued to suck and lick him hard. Loren squatted herself down a little more so I could eat her out. I stuck my tongue out licking Loren's pussy lips gently, with one hand I started to rub her clit. Loren let out a muffled moan as I did so, her mouth stuffed full of cock. I started to suck her pussy lips harder, loving how sweet her pussy tasted. I began rubbing her clit roughly between my fingers, making Loren moan again. With my other hand I pushed one finger up into her pussy, while continuing to suck her pussy lips and rub her clit.

Loren let Dave's cock slip from her mouth and let out a loud moan. "Your tongue feels so good Em." she moaned.

Encouraged I started to fuck her pussy with my finger, while taking her pussy lips in mouth and sucking them hard. I was rubbing Loren's clit even harder and could feel her pussy getting even wetter as I did so. Loren resumed her blowjob, now taking Dave fully into her mouth. I pushed a second finger into Loren's pussy and started to fingerfuck her harder. I was obviously hitting the right spots as she was moaning constantly. Just then Dave let out a loud moan after being quite for sometime. I knew he was going to cum soon. I carried on rubbing, licking and fucking Loren's pussy and she let out a very loud groan. Loren was about to cum and her body started to shake and her pussy contract around my fingers as her orgasm hit. I heard Dave moan again and Loren took half his cock in her mouth as he also started to cum. I watched Loren gulping down Dave's cum as I lapped up her pussy juices. Dave pulled his cock out of Loren's pussy and sprayed the last of his load over her face and breasts.

I licked Loren's pussy one last time getting a mouthful of her cum. I moved so I was sat beside her and we started kissing again. Loren still had a mouthful of Dave's cum and we exchanged cum and pussy juice in a messy kiss. I broke off our kiss and started licking up Dave's cum from Loren's breasts, while she scooped up the cum on her face with her fingers then licked them clean. We kissed again sharing the last of Dave's cum again. As well as loving to give blowjobs I also love the taste of cum. Loren ran her hands down to my pussy and started to rub me through my now soaked panties.

"Em I know you're really horny but can Dave fuck me first?" Loren asked.

Loren was right I was very horny and dying to be fucked but I really wanted to see Loren riding Dave's cock. "Sure, I don't mind."

Dave spoke up for the first time in ages. " I want to see Loren eat you while I fuck her." He said.

"I'd love to eat Em's pussy." Loren replied.

"I can't wait to feel Loren's tongue inside me." I said.

I quickly pulled off my panties revealing my neatly shaved pussy. Loren did the same her pussy was completely bald except for a little strip of hair above her pussy. I got up on the bed and rested my back up against the pillows, spreading my legs wide so Loren could eat my pussy. Loren moved up in front of me and kissed me again on the lips I could still taste Dave's cum on her lips. She broke of our kiss and got down on all fours in front of me, her big breasts hanging down sexily. She had her ass stuck up in the air facing Dave. Dave got in behind Loren and started to rub her pussy with his fingers, he coated them in her juices and then licked them clean.

I loved watching the two of them together. Dave had slipped one hand down to Loren's pussy and was rubbing her clit with one hand, with his other he was slowly rubbing the head of his cock up and down Loren's soaking pussy lips. Loren was moaning lightly as Dave did this waiting for Dave to fill her up with cock. I realised Dave had entered Loren as her eyes light up with lust as he pushed his cock into her. She let out a loud groan as Dave filled her pussy with his cock. I was playing with my nipples as I watched the two of them. Dave held Loren's hips as he started to fuck her, pushing his cock fully into her slowly and then pulling back out of her again. Loren leaned forward and ran her tongue down my pussy lips. The feeling of her tongue against my pussy was electric and made me shudder.

Loren started to lick my pussy lips, moving her tongue across them in long slow strokes teasingly. I let out little moans as she did so. I continued to play with my nipples, roughly squeezing them between my fingers adding to my pleasure. Loren was continuously moaning as she licked me, Dave was driving his cock deep into her pussy as he started to fuck her a little faster, pushing his cock into her a little more forcefully. Loren took me by surprise by sticking a finger into my pussy, she started to stroke the inner folds of my pussy with her finger. She moved her tongue up onto my clit and started licking it in circle with her tongue.

I watched Dave hold Loren's hips tighter as he started to fuck her hard. I could hear his balls slapping against Loren's pussy whenever he drove his cock hard into her. Loren let out another loud moan as my boyfriend started to fuck her hard.

"You're cock feels fucking amazing in my tight pussy" Loren exclaimed.

Loren started to finger my pussy pushing three fingers into me. I moaned again at this invasion the feeling of Loren's fingers fucking me hard as she continued to lick my clit. She started to lick my clit harder occasionally taking it into her mouth and sucking hard on it, which caused me to moan loudly. I started to run one hand through Loren's hair as he continued to eat my pussy, all the time watching my boyfriend fucking her hard. I ran my hand down to Loren's nipples and started to squeeze them between my fingers.

Loren took her fingers from my pussy and moved them up to my clit, she started to rub it in the same way she had been licking me. She dragged her tongue down my pussy down to my sopping wet entrance and pushed her tongue inside me. I moaned as she did and could feel my pussy starting to tingle as she started to eat me out. I saw that Dave had started to rub Loren's clit as he fucked her. Loren was moaning into my pussy as Dave fucked her really hard, he would slam his cock deep into her and then pull out and then slam it back into her. Loren was pushing her hips back in time with his thrusts forcing his cock deeper into her.

Loren was now licking my pussy hard and rubbing my clit hard between her fingers. I was crying out in ecstasy as she did feeling my orgasm start build. I could tell Loren was close to a second orgasm too due to how frequently she was moaning. I started to play with my nipples hard as I felt my orgasm start. My body shook wildly and my pussy contracted around Loren's tongue as I came. I heard Loren cry out as well as she too had another orgasm. Dave kept on fucking her as Loren came on his cock.

Loren took her tongue from my pussy her face covered in my juices. As she did so Dave moaned and I could tell he was going to cum.

"Cum in her pussy" I told him.

"Fill my pussy with cum." Loren told him.

Dave forced his cock deep into Loren and moaned again. He held her hips tight as he came in her pussy. Loren moaned she felt Dave's cock erupting inside her. Dave lasted for several minutes before withdrawing from Loren. I could see that his cock was slick with a mixture of his cum and Loren's pussy juice. He moved round and brought his cock up my lips so I could lick it all off. Loren got up and got on the other side of me. Dave stuck his cock between us and the pair of us cleaned up Dave's cock, each of us licking on side of it. Dave moaned as our tongues went to work on his cock.

Slightly exhausted Dave laid down on the bed next to Loren and me. I looked over at Dave's cock, which was now starting to get a little soft I was now dying for a fuck and Dave must have realised that too except Dave had no idea as to the other little surprise I had for him. I knew Dave would need a little time before he would be able to fuck me though but Loren's pussy was looking very inviting. I could see that Dave's cum was dribbling out of her pussy slowly.

"Why don't you girls eat each out for a bit." Dave suggested.

Loren took the lead and lay down fully on the bed between facing away Dave and me. I turned away from her lying on top of her so my face was near her pussy. Loren stuck her tongue back into my pussy making me moan once more. I did the same sticking my own tongue deep into Loren, starting to lick up her pussy juices and Dave's cum. The mixture of the two tasted gorgeous and I started greedily lapping it all up. Loren was licking my pussy hard, she pushed a finger into my pussy while licking me. I let out a grunt as she started to fuck my pussy with her finger, while licking me at the same time.

I looked over at Dave who was now hard once again and was jerking his cock to the sight of Loren and me in the 69 position. Dave watched us for a few more minutes before her got up and came round behind me. He started to rub his cock against my pussy lips, while Loren continued to eat me out. Loren knew Dave was going to fuck me so she started to lick my clit. I moaned loudly as Dave entered my pussy, pushing his cock fully into me. As much as I loved the feeling of him inside my pussy I wanted to try his cock in my asshole.
