 When I started college I needed a way to make good money fast. That's when I started dancing at private parties. The more I took off, and the more I entertained, the more I got paid. One day my best friend, Kathy, said that she would pay me $500 up front to dance at her boyfriend, John's, birthday party. She also stated that she would pay me more after the party depending upon how much John enjoyed it. I agreed immediately because I needed to pay for my books for the next quarter. The party was scheduled for Friday night and today was Thursday, so it didn't give me much time to prepare. I searched through my dancing clothes and found a little black leather set that consisted of; a g-string, a tight little skirt that barely covered my firm ass, a little halter-top, fishnet stockings, knee high heeled boots, and a long trench coat. I looked like a biker babe in this outfit. 

Friday night came before I knew it and after a long day of classes I drug myself to my apartment and climbed into a hot shower to revive myself for the party. After my shower I was wide awake, refreshed and ready to party, so I got dressed and walked downstairs and climbed into my car and drove to John's house for the party. I parked my car in front of his house and walked up and rang the bell. When John answered the door he was surprised. He told me he didn't know any women were invited and that Kathy wasn't even there, but I could still come in if I wanted to. That made me a little uncomfortable because I had never been the only female at a party that I was dancing at, but I decided to go ahead and do it I knew all the guys there from my classes. 


As soon as I walked through the door all eyes were on me. I looked around and counted 5 guys including John, so I knew I could handle it. I took off my coat and handed it to John. All the guys just stopped what they were doing and stared at me. I instantly started getting turned-on knowing everyone was staring at me. I walked over to the stereo and turned it on. As the music filled the room I started dancing and all the guys instantly sat down in a circle around me. I danced around in front of all of them for a while, and then I grabbed an empty chair and set it in the middle of the circle. I walked over to John took him by the hand and led him over to the awaiting chair. He sat down and I straddled his lap backwards, took his hands and placed them on the bottom strings of my top, for him to untie. Then I guided his hands to the top strings so he could untie those too.

I placed my hands on my breasts to hold my top on as I got up turn around facing John and let my top drop to the floor, my breasts bounced up right into John's face. He didn't know what to do, and the rest of the guys were hooting and hollering at the sight of my breasts. I took John's hands and placed them on my breasts making him fondle them. I felt a wetness growing down between my thighs. I then stood up and guided John's hand to the zipper on the back of my skirt. He unzipped it and then to my surprise he started pulling my skirt down over my ass, down my thighs and to the floor. I stepped out of my skirt and straddled John again facing him, grinding my pussy that is now almost dripping wet against his hardening cock. John then starts sucking on my breasts, first one then the other as I grind harder on him. Then all of a sudden He wraps his arms around me stands up, carrying me, and starts kissing me deeply, our tongues exploring each other's mouth. 

He then carries me to his bedroom and motions for his buddies to follow. He lays me down on the bed, climbs on top of me and proceeds kissing me. Slowly I feel my g-string being pulled down off me, as John starts taking his clothes off. I look around and realize that all the other guys either have taken their pant off, or have them unfastened and their cocks exposed. John then lies down on the bed beside me. I start kissing John's chest making my way down his abdomen, and on down to his now rock hard cock. I then slowly ease his cock into my hot wet mouth as I feel someone's finger slowly easing into my pussy. I start sucking harder and faster as the finger is going in and out of my pussy making me wetter. Then I stop sucking and proceed to climb on top of John and straddle his hard cock. I ease my hot wet pussy down on his cock taking him all the way in. 

I start slowly fucking John as a cock is presented in front of me. I instantly start sucking the offered cock. Then I feel someone up against my back, as he slides his cock deep into my ass. I moan loudly with the cock in my mouth as I feel this rock hard cock deep in my ass, and another deep in my pussy. I then reach both hands out and start jerking off the other 2 guys that have no hole to put their hard cocks in. I then suck the cock hard into the deepest part of my throat as a cock goes hard, and deep into my ass and pussy making me cum hard while all the 5 cocks explode at once. Cum filling my every hole and covering my body. We all collapse after the most ultimate orgasm ever. I then get up, take a shower, get dressed and go home.

The next day Kathy hands me another $500, making the total $1,000, and tells me that John said that was the best birthday party he has ever had.