 Eve's eyes told me everything, and I sighed.

"Wait," I called after the flight attendant, opening the door to the bathroom stall where she'd just finished sucking my cum from Eve's well-fucked ass.

The flight attendant had already managed to pull her pants on, and she was working on her bra, the rest of her clothes piled on the countertop between the sinks. Her face was flushed. I tried to allay what I thought was her embarrassment with a cheerful tone of voice.

"Are you going already? We were just getting started."

"Sorry," she replied, speaking for the first time. 

Her voice was much huskier and sultrier than I would have thought. It reminded me of dark and smoky jazz bars. The tall blond bombshell standing before me would have seemed at home on a California beach, not the back room of a New York Jazz bar.

"Fuck sorry," I said, "that was some damn hot shit that just happened in here."

The flight attendant paused, bra on but not fastened, still seeming unsure of what to make of her recent experience with us. She'd entered the bathroom with the intention of peeing and nothing more. The next thing she knew she was watching as I fucked Eve's ass hard in the neighboring stall. On our part, this was the culmination of sucking, licking, and fucking—an encounter we'd been anticipating for the summer months spent apart.

"You can't leave yet," Eve said coming up behind me, having recovered some from the long string of orgasms she'd just experienced. "I know you had fun. We certainly did."

This elicited a small smile from the flight attendant, but she still made no move to join us in the stall nor begin undressing again. Reaching down with her left hand Eve grabbed my now flaccid and shriveled cock, giving it a small squeeze.

"He might not be able to do much with this little guy at the moment, but that doesn't mean we can't have fun in the meantime."

"Hey," I replied, reaching up to tweak one of her nipples, "have a little sympathy. God, I just fucked you in every hole, I think I'm allowed to be spent for a few minutes."

"So let's have some fun then," Eve said, pretending to ignore my last comment.

With that she walked out of the stall, her naked body still glistening slightly with the sweat from our recently finished fucking, and approached the flight attendant. Eve's hands snaked around the flight attendants hips and down to her ass, pulling her into an embrace. Eve looked up into the flight attendant's eyes for a moment before leaning in for a kiss. It started out slowly, their lips brushing against one another's, but steadily gained momentum until their tongues danced in a deep French kiss. I imagined Eve could still taste my cum on the flight attendant tongue, as well as the flavor of Eve's own ass, where only a few moments ago I'd deposited my seed.

The flight attendant brought her arms up and wrapped them around Eve, squeezing an ass cheek in each palm. Their bodies mashed together, breast to breast, the flight attendant's unstrapped bra stuck between them.

"Wait," the flight attendant said, breaking the kiss, "I don't know if we should do this, you don't really know me."

"I don't care," said Eve. "Besides, my boyfriend made me a promise earlier, and knowing him, he'll spend all night feeling guilty if he breaks it."

"What promise is that?" the flight attendant and I said simultaneously. 

"You said you'd make her cum if she helped make us cum."

"Oh," we both said again.

"Right," I said, "so you must know by now that we can't let you leave. At least not until you've had a chance to orgasm. Plus, I think I'll only need a few more minutes of watching you two beauties getting it on to be ready for round two."

The flight attendant looked at us both for a moment and then, without another word, pulled Eve back into a kiss. I was contented just to watch the two of their bodies pressing into each other for a few moments. Soon Eve broke the kiss and slowly reached up to pull the bra from the flight attendant's shoulders, letting it drop to the floor. Again they kissed, mashing their bare breast together. I could tell both women's nipples were hard. Eve's modest breasts were being smashed into her body by the flight attendant's much larger and probably artificially firm breast.

Slowly Eve shifted her kisses away from the other woman's mouth until she was nibbling at her left earlobe. She proceeded to kiss, lick, and bite her way down the flight attendant's jaw line to her neck, and from there to her collar bone. It was only a moment more before Eve was lapping at the globe of the other woman's left breast, her tongue tracing designs into the pale flesh. She brought one hand up to support the breast's weight, though the silicone infused orb was no doubt firm enough to sit high on the flight attendant's chest regardless.

I watched as Eve licked around the flight attendant's breast until her mouth was hovering above the nipple. The flight attendant's eyes had closed, and her breathing was becoming deeper and louder. The sight of Eve as her lips locked around the woman's nipple was too much. Within a moment I'd closed the distance and was myself suckling at the woman's ample breast. I'd only felt a fake breast one other time, when a stripper who had been much more friendly than I think she was supposed to be had let me massage her breasts during a $20 lap dance. 

It wasn't that fake breasts were hard, as I'd always imagined they would be, but more that they just felt unnaturally firm. Breasts are supposed to be a collection of milk producing glands, fat, and some underlying muscle tissue, making them soft and, of course, jiggly. These felt like pure muscle, nothing else. It was kind of like licking a well-toned ass. It was still sexy, but despite the size difference, I found myself preferring Eve's much smaller albeit natural breasts to the flight attendant's large fake ones.

Finally my tongue reached her nipple. I swirled it first around her rosy areola, spiraling inwards until the tip of my tongue passed over her by now very hard nipple. Looking over at Eve I could see her still sucking at the flight attendant's breast, one hand cupping it while the other played with her own breasts. The sight of my girlfriend sucking this other woman's breast turned me on much more in reality than it had in all my previous and plentiful masturbatory fantasies featuring the same theme. The flight attendant's eyes were still closed and I could hear her moaning softly.

Looking back over to Eve, we made eye contact, and I knew it was time to make our way further down. Eve began kissing down from the woman's breast and across her flat stomach, as I replaced her mouth with my hand, giving both the flight attendant's breast equal attention. Once Eve had removed the woman's pants fully, again exposing the pair of boy shorts at the top of two long and shapely legs, I kissed my way down until I was at the flight attendant's panty line. As I kissed along the edge of her panties, I wondered what her pussy would look like; was she a natural blond, with light pubic hair barely covering the slit of her cunt or was she going to have a shock of dark pubic hair. Or would she be shaved.

I placed one hand on the side of her panties as Eve gripped the other side, we pulled together, sliding them down the flight attendant's smooth legs. Looking up I saw the blond hair that I had been hoping for peaking from between her legs. I could feel Eve pause beside me at the same time that I noticed something was wrong. The light blond curls were there, neatly trimmed, but the flight attendant's delicious slit was not.

As the flight attendant stepped out of her boy shorts, I watched a pair of balls and a semi-erect penis slide from where they were tucked behind her legs. She was a transsexual! 

"I told you," the flight attendant said in a soft voice, "you don't really know me."

"Yeah, I wasn't quite expecting . . . this," Eve replied, obviously unsure of what to do.

With her secret exposed, the flight attendant began to tense up once more. I looked up into her face. The fake breast; low sultry voice; the narrow hips on such a tall frame; the face that I'd previously thought was a little plane now registered as distinctly less feminine than Eve's, though still far from masculine. All these things could easily have been clues that she was a transsexual, though all could just as easily have been present on Eve or any other women. In fact, hard as I tried to see her otherwise, she still looked every bit the woman to me. Only the cock hanging between her legs truly said otherwise.

I reached up and gently took the now completely flaccid cock into my hand, surprising all three of us as I began massaging it. Though I was initially surprised by my own actions, as I thought about it more, it made sense to me. I'd never found myself attracted to men, masculine features generally turned me off. Yet, the flight attendant didn't look like a man, she looked like a woman, with all the features of a woman. It didn't matter if some were fake, the effect was still real. I still considered her a her, especially since that was how she was living her life. The fact that a penis hung between her legs didn't make me less attracted to her. Thinking about it more, I realized that while men weren't attractive to me, I didn't find the penis itself particularly displeasing. Far from displeasing actually, I found myself curious to see what another penis, someone else's penis was like.

Flaccid, her cock couldn't have been more than two inches, and I could see it being easy to tuck away. As I slowly massaged it, her cock began to grow. Like me, she was a grower, not a shower. Though starting small, her cock was quickly equaling mine in length, if not quite in girth. She was circumcised, and as she became fully erect, the head of her cock started to deepen from pink to red. Other then that her cock was pale, like the rest of her. Just underneath the skin I could see and feel the veins as they kept the cock engorged with blood.

In a final act of acceptance, Eve reached out and began fondling the flight attendant's balls, massaging them with her left hand. The flight attendant slowly started to relax, her eyes once again closing, and her breathing deepening. As I stroked her cock, I looked at it closer. I guessed that her cock was about the same size as my own 6 inches, perhaps a bit longer. The head was also as large, though the shaft looked a little thinner. Experimenting a bit I let my hand stroke higher on her cock, making sure to brush against the ridge on the top of her cockhead, and could feel her cock pulse in response. I adjusted my thumb so that it ran along the seam on the underside of her cock with every stroke. Again, I could feel her cock pulse, and this time I was rewarded with a small droplet of pre-cum oozing out of the tip of her cock.

Without really thinking about it, I leaned in and licked the droplet from the end of her cock. It tasted salty and a little thick. Very similar to the way my own cum tasted on the lips of Eve or the other women whose mouths I'd cum in. I knew the next step was to put her cock in my mouth, but I baulked. It wasn't because I didn't want to, or because I was afraid it would make me seem gay—I certainly didn't care if people thought I was gay, though I definitely loved fucking Eve too much to be anything more than bi. No, my hesitance was because I simply didn't know how. Though I'd had my dick sucked plenty of times, and even given some women pointers a few times, it was much different translating that into actual action.

Eve must have sensed why I hesitated, for she slid her hand up, replacing mine on the flight attendants cock. Leaning in, she began licking the cock, swirling her tongue around the head a few times before slowly inserting it into her mouth. I watched as she bobbed up and down, for the first time really appreciating the work she put in when she was sucking me. I could see the way she let her jaw hang loose, and repositioning her lips to cover her teeth while still allowing them to fully brush the length of the flight attendant's cock. I watched as she slid it fully in and out of her mouth a few times, occasionally pausing to lick around the head and down the shaft, all the while continuing to pump the cock with one hand and massage the balls with the other.

As she swirled her tongue around, she looked over to me. She straightened up, removing her moth from between the flight attendant's legs, and allowed me to once again replace her hand with my own as she rose up and once again began massaging and licking the flight attendant's breasts. Kneeling between the flight attendants legs, slowly pumping at her cock, I prepared myself. Leaning in I brought my tongue out and, as I'd done with her breast and nipple a short time earlier, began licking around the flight attendant's cock. I licked down to the shaft, adding my own saliva to what Eve had left. Then I licked back up and ran the tip of my tongue around the edge of her cock head, causing her to moan a little louder.

I parted my lips, relaxed my jaw as much as possible, and slowly slid the flight attendant's cock into my mouth. It was warm and pulsing. I was surprised how quickly her cock filled my mouth. I'd thought I'd be able to take it all in, but I still grasped half of it in my hand. I began bobbing up and down, my hand keeping time with my mouth. Realizing that my mouth would get tired soon if I continued, I slid the cock back out of my mouth and returned to licking it. This time I licked underneath, tracing along the seam from the tip of her cock all the way down to the beginning of her scrotum.

With the mental equivalent of a shrug, I let go of anything holding me back, and sucked one of her balls into my mouth gently. After tonguing it for a moment, I switched to the other one, all the while continuing to stroke her rock hard cock. I could feel her balls as they began to pull up into her body, and I realized she must be getting close to orgasm. I quickly returned my attention to her cock, once again taking it into my mouth.

I knew what it would mean for her to orgasm in my mouth, and I almost stopped sucking her cock, but this could very well be my only chance to have someone cum in my mouth like this, and I was still curious. Even more then that, though, I realized I was turned on; my cock was now fully hard between my legs. I continued sucking her cock, swirling my tongue around the head as I let it slide in and out of my mouth.

"Mmmmm . . . yeah. . . that feels so good. . . I think I'm going to cum soon," the flight attendant moaned in her low sultry voice, right as the bathroom door opened and a 30-something woman walked in.

The woman stopped dead in her tracks, still in the doorway, her eyes trying to take in the sight of me kneeling between what looked like a woman's legs with what also looked like a cock in my mouth, and her breasts being licked by another woman; all of us completely naked. She opened her mouth a few times like a fish, as if she wanted to say something but didn't know what, and then, with a bemused look on her face, turned around and left.

I continued sucking the flight attendant's cock, well aware that if I kept it up, she would soon be orgasming. I could feel Eve's eyes looking at my, expecting that I would stop before the orgasm hit the flight attendant. But I didn't. I kept going, trying to prepare myself as best I could for when the flight attendant came. As I bobbed my head up and down the length of her cock, trying to get it as far into my mouth as possible each time, the flight attendant's body began to tense, and her balls pulled in tight against the underside of her shaft.

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum," she grunted.

Her hips started to push into me slightly as she tried to fuck my face, only my hand on her cock preventing her from doing it. With a moan she came. Her cock began to pulse in my mouth, the head seeming to swell up even more until finally I felt the first spurt of cum explode from the tip and hit me towards the back of the mouth. It was soon followed by another and then another squirt. Her cum was salty, thick, and hot. It tasted a little bitter and almost like chlorine. I tried to swallow it as fast as I could, but she was cumming too quickly and too much—it must have been a while since her last orgasm. Some of the cum was being pushed out as her cock continued to move in and out of my mouth, and it was now dripping down both the shaft of her cock and my chin. 

After a few more moments, the pulsing of her cock and the accompanying orgasm subsided. Once she was done cumming, I let her cock pop free of my mouth. No sooner had I stopped then Eve was leaning down and mashing her mouth into mine, her tongue roaming out to lick the cum from my chin as well as the cum that was still coating my lips and tongue. She kept kissing me until the taste of the flight attendant's semen was gone and then she disengaged, turning back to the flight attendant.

Having now cum, the flight attendant had allowed herself to lean back up against the sinks until she was almost sitting on the ledge. Without a word Eve was bent over, mouth on the slowly wilting cock of the flight attendant, sucking up the excess cum that was still oozing down the shaft like a vacuum cleaner. It didn't take long for her to not only lick the flight attendant's cock clean, but also to milk a few more drops from the tip, leaving only one solitary drop on the flight attendant's thigh.

I stood up and saw both Eve and the flight attendant look down at my cock. Even though it hadn't been very long since I'd cum deep inside Eve, my cock was once again ridged and engorged with blood. I knew what Eve was going to say before she said it.

"It seems like someone is back up, you want me to help you with that."

"As much as I love the way you work it, Baby, I've pretty much fucked all three of your holes tonight, and none of hers," I said, nodding in the direction of the flight attendant. "Besides, after looking at her tight little ass on the airplane for so long, I just can't pass up this opportunity."

"Oh, I was looking forward to using my mouth some more," Eve said, looking a little disappointed.

"You are quite talented with that mouth of yours," I said, "which is why I need your help."

This seemed to perk her up some. "What do you want me to do?"

"Well, before I can fuck this pretty thing over here, I need you to get her ready for me. Do you think you can do that?"

"Sure," she replied somewhat hesitantly.

I told the flight attendant to turn around and bend over. She complied, sliding off the counter and turning away from us. Perhaps it was because she'd just cum, or maybe she was beginning to feel more comfortable around us now that her "secret" had been revealed and accepted, but all traces of her earlier cautiousness were gone and she seemed almost docile. I felt like I could have told her to do almost anything, and she would have agreed, but that might have just been fantasy.

Now that she was bent over, I had another look at the ass I'd desired on the airplane. Her ass was proportionally smaller than Eve's, and she lacked the sexy swell because of her slight hips. However she more than made up for this with how fleshy and firm it was. Each ass cheek was generously rounded, giving her what some might call a bubble butt. I couldn't help fondling myself some as I began anticipating the way it would feel to slide inside of her.

Eve knelt down behind the flight attendant and began placing kisses across both ass cheeks. Next she started to kiss along the crack of her ass. She repeated this several times, each time pushing her face in just a little more. After a few moments it was clear that she'd need the help of her hands to spread the cheeks apart. Leaning back she placed a hand on either side of the flight attendant's ass and pushed. The cheeks parted and I caught my first glimpse of the flight attendant's puckered little anus. It looked very similar to Eve's only lighter, as was the case with the rest of the flight attendant's body; a soft red that matched the shade of her cockhead when erect. 
