 Karen added a final dab of pink blusher to Rachel's décolletage and then sat back to admire her handiwork. 

"How do I look?" asked Rachel self-consciously.

Karen smirked and packed up her make-up kit. "Like a girl-next-door who has unleashed her inner sex kitten," she replied.

Rachel tucked a loose strand of blonde hair behind her ear and smiled. "That's exactly the look I was going for." 

Karen tucked her bag out of the way and flopped on the bed. "Now we're just waiting on that man of yours," she said, sounding satisfied with herself.

Rachel glanced at the clock and bit her lip nervously. "Are you sure you still want to do this?" she asked. "It's not too late to back out if you're uncomfortable."

"I definitely still want to do it," Karen replied. "I've been curious ever since you told me how great your man is in the sack!" She propped herself up on her elbows and regarded her friend seriously for a moment. "The question is, are you really ok with it?"

Rachel smiled reassuringly. "Yes, I am. Daniel and I have talked about this before but we never got around to doing anything about it." The two women turned abruptly at the sound of keys jingling at the front door. Rachel jumped up. She turned off the main light so the room was bathed in a more intimate glow. Then she left Karen in the bedroom and headed for the front door, stopping to pick up a glass of champagne from the bench. 

Daniel was just taking off his coat at the front door. "Is that a roast I smell?" he asked. Then he looked up and did a double-take. "Hello, what do have here?" A slow smile spread across his face.

"Happy birthday, honey," said Rachel. 

Daniel looked her up and down appreciatively. "You look gorgeous! Is this my birthday present?"

Rachel blushed slightly and did a little twirl in her pink and black baby-doll outfit. It was very sheer and really left nothing to the imagination. She wore nothing underneath except a matching pink g-string. "It's part of your birthday present," she replied secretively. 

Rachel leaned in to give him a quick kiss and neatly side-stepped the roaming hands. "Here." She handed him the glass of champagne. "Why don't you sit down on the couch and I'll give you a neck massage?"

"Is the roast ready?" he asked hopefully.

"NO. Sit down and drink your champagne," Rachel ordered.

Daniel took the glass and sat down with a weary but contented sigh. He looked tired after a long day at work. Rachel took his shoes and socks off and then kneeled on the couch behind him. She kneaded his shoulders a while and then reached around the front and started undoing his shirt buttons. 

"Is this going to be a happy-ending massage?" he asked cheerfully.

"Very happy," Rachel promised. When he'd finished the champagne she took the empty glass and then proceeded to divest him of his shirt completely. 

Daniel took the opportunity to pull her in for a kiss. His mouth moved firmly, insistently against hers. His still-cold hands reached under her outfit and pinched her bottom mischievously. "Can I unwrap my present now?" he asked huskily.

Rachel smiled and wriggled out of his grasp. "Ok," she said. She took him by the hand and let him to the bedroom.

She had just made it through the bedroom door when Daniel stopped suddenly. "What the...?"

She grinned and turned around to face him. He was staring at the woman on their bed in shock. Karen was attractive by anyone's standards, tall and curvy in all the right places. She had olive-toned skin, a heart-shaped face and long shiny brown hair. She was also wearing a sheer camisole just like Rachel's, but black and silver instead of pink. Her shapely breasts stretched the sheer fabric and were clearly visible. In the low light she looked especially seductive. 

"You remember my friend, Karen?" Rachel asked.

Karen smiled sheepishly and waved. "Hi, Daniel."

Daniel oggled Karen and then glanced back at his girlfriend guiltily. "I...uh...what's going on?" he asked cautiously.

"Karen is your other birthday present," Rachel said brightly, trying not to show how nervous she was. "That is, if you're up for it?"

His eyes darted from one woman to the other as if he still couldn't believe it. Then a slow smile spread across his face. "Oh, I'm up for it alright. That is, if you really are ok with this, darling?"

"I wish people would stop asking me that," Rachel said crossly. She pulled Daniel towards the bed. "There is one condition though; you have to have your hands tied to the headboard."

"Aww..." said Daniel. Rachel gave him a sharp poke in the ribs. "Ok, whatever you say dear," he conceded.

Karen scooted over as Daniel got on the bed and she helped tie his left hand to the headboard with a silk scarf while Rachel took his right. He accepted his predicament with good grace and was soon lying comfortably with his arms above his head.

The two girls looked at each other. "What now?" asked Karen.

"How about a bit of girl-on-girl action to warm things up," Rachel suggested. She looked down at her partner. "Would you like that, honey?"

Daniel nodded emphatically. Karen climbed over him and kneeled in front of Rachel. They leaned in to kiss. Rachel was hesitant at first since she'd never kissed a girl before, although she knew Karen was bisexual. Her friend's lips were softer than a man's, and not at all unpleasant. She smelled good too, a mixture of moisturizer and perfume. Rachel soon relaxed and let herself get into it. 

Karen leaned closer and put her hands on Rachel's shoulders. Their breasts pressed together and the fabric between them was so sheer it was almost like skin on skin.

"God, that looks sexy," Daniel sighed. Rachel stole a glance and noticed he was breathing faster. She grinned and decided to heat things up a bit more. She put her hands on Karen's waist and stroked gentle circles on the soft skin there. Yes, it was certainly different to touching a man's body. But not like touching herself either. It was unexplored territory and full of surprises.

Karen broke off the kiss and starting kissing Rachel's chin, neck, and collarbone instead. Then she pressed her lips against the tops of Rachel's breasts, where half an hour ago she had been busy dusting make-up. Rachel groaned softly and felt herself starting to feel very turned-on. Especially since she knew Daniel was watching their every move.

Her hands reached for the ribbon holding Karen's chemise closed and pulled the bow undone. The fabric fell to the sides and a beautiful pair of breasts spilled out. They had to be D-cup at least. Rachel had always wondered what big breasts felt like. She reached up and cupped them in her hands. Daniel and Karen groaned almost at the same time. They felt soft and full and very stroke-able.

Karen reached up and unhooked Rachel's top as well. Rachel felt a bit inadequate since her own breasts were a perky but small B-cup. But Karen didn't seem to mind at all. She lowered her mouth to a nipple and expertly teased it until it hardened.

Rachel glanced at Daniel and noticed his pants looked uncomfortably tight. "Maybe we should pay some attention to him now," she suggested to Karen. The other woman nodded enthusiastically. 

"It's about time," Daniel complained in mock grumpiness.

Rachel leaned down to kiss him and he strained against his bonds to try to get more contact. She decided she kind of liked having him at her mercy like this. She reached for his belt buckle.

"Oh, let me please?" asked Karen.

Rachel grinned and got out of the way. Karen fumbled with the belt and eventually got it undone and the button too. Then she slowly opened the zipper to reveal stripy blue underpants and the bulge of a very erect cock. Daniel, by this stage, was breathing very fast and half-closed his eyes in anticipation. 

"You were right, it is a nice one," said Karen, sounding very impressed. She cupped her hand around Daniel's cock and stroked it through the thin fabric. 

"Oh, yeah," he gasped. His hips bucked as she rubbed up and down a few times.

"I think he likes that," Rachel observed.

"I think he does too," said Karen. "Shall we get these pants off?"

Between them the two women managed to lift Daniel's hips and slide his trousers off. Then they did the same for his underpants and his cock sprang free, completely unencumbered. Karen stared at it admiringly. She trailed a finger along the length and it twitched eagerly. "Can I suck it?" she asked, directing the question at Rachel.

"We'd better ask him," Rachel replied. "Can she suck your cock, honey?" 

"God yes. Do whatever you want!" he said quickly.

Karen grinned and crouched over the helpless man, her long hair and breasts swinging freely. She gave it a tentative, teasing lick and then enveloped the head in her mouth.

Rachel leaned on one arm and watched Daniel's face as Karen pleasured him. She wasn't able to look in his eyes when she was down there so it was a novel experience. He wore an expression of pure bliss and couldn't seem to take his eyes off the dark haired woman bobbing up and down on his cock. Rachel was surprised to discover she wasn't even jealous of her friend. Karen might be good for spicing up their sex life but she, Rachel was the one who he came home to every night, the one who got his sense of humour, the one who drove him crazy sometimes but the one he wouldn't be without. She leaned over to kiss him affectionately and he responded with a fervour that surprised her. 

Karen increased the speed of her movements and Daniel gasped and closed his eyes. His cock was so big and hard that Karen couldn't even fit that much of it in her mouth anymore. "You'd better stop," Rachel warned her, "otherwise this will be over all too soon."

Regretfully, Karen released his cock from her mouth with a wet plop as Daniel made a small noise of disappointment. "You're right, I do tend to get a bit carried away," she admitted. "What do you suggest then?"

"You can take turns fucking me?" Daniel suggested eagerly.

Rachel considered his request thoughtfully. But she shook her head. "Not yet. You have to work for it." She turned to Karen. "Would you like to try out his oral skills? He really is very good."

"Sounds good to me," said Karen. She wriggled out of her g-string to reveal a nicely trimmed, v-shaped patch of pubic hair. She swung a leg over Daniel's body and slid up until she was kneeling above his face. Daniel looked wide-eyed at the vision right in front of his face. His expression as she lowered her pussy onto his face was of a man eager to meet his fate.

Rachel couldn't really see what was going on but Karen's closed eyes and moans of ecstasy suggested Daniel was doing something right. Her eyes went to his cock, still very hard and lying on his stomach. It seemed lonely. She crept over and gave it an affectionate kiss as he pleasured Karen with his tongue. Daniel grunted in surprise or encouragement, she couldn't really tell. She took the entire length in her mouth, as deeply as she could.

"Don't stop," Karen complained. Rachel realised with some satisfaction that she must have distracted Daniel from his task. She used a gentler approach, and worked her lips along the length of his cock with a little flick of her tongue at the end. Daniel resumed working his magic on Karen and she moaned appreciatively.

Rachel played with her favourite toy for a while, careful not to push Daniel too close to the edge. When his cock twitched and tightened she backed off, giving it only feather-light kisses and licks. When it threatened to soften she applied more pressure and friction to the head by bobbing up and down and having it slide against the roof of her mouth. 

"Oh god, yes!" cried Karen. Her whole body started to writhe and shudder. Rachel did feel a bit jealous at that point. For some reason she could never orgasm from oral sex alone but Karen seemed to be having no difficulty. Rachel felt her own pussy throb in anticipation. She'd had enough of toying with Daniel's rock-hard erection, now she wanted to feel it inside her.

Rachel sat up and straddled Daniel's hips so she was facing the same direction as Karen. She paused with the head of Daniel's cock positioned right at the entrance to her pussy. As Karen continued to writhe and groan on Daniel's face, Rachel slowly pushed down on his cock. There was a bit of resistance at first but then the head of his cock penetrated her slippery, hairless folds. She heard a muffled groan of pleasure come from somewhere under Karen's body.

Daniel tried to lift his hips to push his cock in deeper but Rachel held him at bay. She slowly lowered herself and felt her pussy stretch deliciously around him. Eventually his full length was buried deep inside her. Sitting behind Karen, it was almost like riding double on a horse. She reached out and put her arms around Karen's narrow waist.

Karen looked back over her shoulder and grinned. She was covered in a light sheen of sweat but still couldn't seem to get enough of Daniel's tongue. As she started to shudder again, Rachel lifted her hands to cup the other woman's breasts from behind. She pinched the nipples gently and Karen almost screamed as an even more powerful orgasm apparently rocked her. She slid off Daniel and collapsed in a panting heap on the pillows.

Daniel's face was wet but he had a self-satisfied smirk on his face. "Don't look so smug," Rachel admonished. "That's only one down, you know."

His face fell. "You're not going to fuck me now?"

"You mean, like this?" Rachel asked. She rocked her body on his cock so it slid in and out of her pussy.

"Yes!" he said happily. His hips rose to meet hers with a powerful thrust that impaled his cock even deeper. But then Rachel lifted herself off him.

"No, I'm not going to do that," she said mischievously.

Daniel groaned and Karen giggled beside them. "You're so cruel," she said.

"He'll survive it," Rachel replied. She reached for the scarf holding Daniel's right hand and pulled it loose. "Help me untie him. I need his hands," she explained.

Once he was freed, Daniel rubbed his wrists briefly but he knew what Rachel needed and didn't waste any time. He rolled on his side and reached between her parted legs as Karen watched in interest. His skilled fingers probed the slick inner folds of her pussy and then started to gently rub her clit. Rachel lay back and closed her eyes in bliss at the sensations. She was already so aroused that she knew it wouldn't take long to climax.

Some moments later Rachel felt the bed depress as Karen moved closer. She watched through heavy-lidded eyes as the other woman reached for Daniel's cock again. As long as Daniel didn't stop what he was doing, she didn't really care what Karen did with him now.

Rachel closed her eyes again and her whole body began to shudder in pleasure. Daniel continued his assault on her pussy, stroking with one hand and penetrating her with the index finger of his other hand. Then he added his tongue as well and Rachel cried out as the rhythmic contractions of an orgasm suddenly overcame her. Daniel stopped stroking and let her ride out the climax, giving only the occasional gentle nudge to prolong it.

Eventually she opened her eyes. Karen was lying on her stomach beside them, idly stroking Daniel's still very erect cock. He was breathing hard and apparently finding it very difficult to maintain self-control. "Will someone please fuck me now?" he asked plaintively.

Rachel's eyes met Karen's. "Let's get a condom on him," Rachel suggested. "Then you can do the honours...if you like?"

"I'd love to," said Karen.

Rachel pushed Daniel back down onto the pillows and grabbed a condom packet from the nightstand. She ripped it open and Karen helped her unroll it on Daniel's cock. 

"Mmm, ribbed...my favourite," Karen commented. She smoothed the rolled edge down. "His cock does look a bit funny shrink-wrapped doesn't it?"

"Yes it does," Rachel agreed. She prodded the plastic-covered piece flesh and was pleased to see it was still very hard. "I'm sure it will still work though."

"Do you ladies mind?" Daniel said sharply.

"Mind what?" Karen asked playfully. She ran a finger down the length of his cock, a touch so light it must have felt like a feather.

Something inside Daniel apparently snapped because he pushed himself up off the pillows and pulled away from their teasing hands. His eyes had a predatory gleam as he considered the two of them.

"You're going to get it now," Rachel warned her friend. She considerately moved out of the way.

"Oh, I hope so!" Karen replied. She fell back against the pillows and her dark hair fanned out around her as Daniel advanced. His face was deadly serious as he pushed her silky-smooth legs apart and pinned her down with his larger frame. Then he entered her with a single thrust.

From her vantage point on the side of the bed Rachel had a good view. She saw Karen gasp and close her eyes involuntarily at the sudden penetration. Daniel's face had a look of intense determination as he thrust again, harder than before. Karen moaned and arched her back. Soon their hips were moving in unison and getting faster.

Rachel smiled knowingly. He wasn't going to last long at all. Not after they'd teased him for so long. She reached down and stroked her own pussy, imagining what Karen must be feeling. She loved having her Daniel's weight on her, and feeling his cock fill her completely. And she loved the way he groaned in ecstasy as he came, and his contented smile afterwards. Was she jealous that he was now inside another woman? Maybe a little. But it wasn't as if he was gazing adoringly into Karen's eyes. It was pure animalistic lust. She'd have him back soon enough.

Daniel had his eyes closed now as he vigorously pounded Karen's eager pussy. Then he shuddered, thrust one last time and almost growled as he finally climaxed. Karen lay beneath him, looking drained but very satisfied.

They both took a few moments to catch their breath. The first thing Daniel did when he opened his eyes was seek out Rachel's face. She smiled reassuringly and he looked relieved. He gently disentangled himself from Karen and flopped down on the bed between the two women. 

"Well, that was fun," said Karen first.

"Yes, it was," Rachel agreed. She looked expectantly at Daniel.

"It was amazing." Daniel paused. "No, better than amazing. There are no words...best birthday present ever!"

"Even better than that inflatable flying shark?" Rachel asked.

"Absolutely. Thanks darling." He leaned over and kissed her. Then he turned to the other woman. "And thank-you, Karen," he said earnestly.

"Any time," said Karen. "And I mean that." She winked at Rachel.

They lay sprawled on the bed for a few minutes then Daniel propped himself up on his elbows. "Do you know what would make this birthday even better?" he asked Rachel.

Rachel wondered if he was ready for another round already. She could probably go for it. "What?" she asked.

"A delicious roast for dinner."

Rachel rolled her eyes. "Alright, I'll go see if it's ready!" She sat up and glanced at Karen. "Would you like to stay for dinner?" she asked her friend.

Karen shook her head. "Thanks hun, but I should get going. I had a great time though." She stood up and picked up her clothes from the dresser before heading for the bathroom for a quick shower.

Rachel went to stand up but Daniel pulled her down onto the bed again. He gave her a gentle, lingering kiss. As their lips parted he stared into her eyes. "I love you," he said softly.

Rachel smiled and felt her insides turn to jelly all over again. "I love you too. Now, go get yourself cleaned up because you're not having dinner like that."