 Her eyes popped open as she jumped up quickly. She moved her muscles, trained and unthinking, over to the dresser. Just as she turned the alarm off, she completely woke up and realized what day it was. The clock on the bedroom dresser read 10:30 am, Saturday, October 6th. It was exactly 3 days before her lover's birthday and 23 days before her own. She had a treat in store that would make this one of the most memorable birthdays for them both. 

Colette was a fresh, young 19, soon to be 20 year old. She had short, raven, curly hair, pale white skin, and piercing green eyes. Although she wasn't extremely overweight, she still had a few extra pounds that in her younger days made her self conscious, but she wore them proudly now. At 5' 4" she had large 42 D breasts that complemented her strong arms and shapely legs. 

As she looked at her lover, still asleep, her nipples began to harden, just thinking about what they did last night and what was hopefully in store for them this evening. Maureen, her lover, had no clue what was going to happen, which made it all the more exciting for Colette. She loved to keep Maureen in the dark about what was going to happen in the bedroom, often playing things by ear. Maureen was a 20 year old beauty that couldn't wait to turn 21. She was shorter than Colette, standing at only 5 foot with long, brown, curly hair, tanner coloring than Colette and sparkling brown eyes. She had a very curvy body and nicely shaped breasts that were only slightly smaller than her lover's. 

Colette decided to let Maureen sleep and went into the bathroom. She enjoyed to start her day with a shower as it made her feel more awake and ready for the day and she started the water as she undressed. She walked into the shower and felt the hot water cascade off her breasts and down her sides. She washed her hair first then turned to her loofa to wash her body. As she was soaping her arms and breasts, she started thinking about what her and Maureen had done to each other last night. 

'Why not, I've got the time' Colette thought to herself and she started caressing her nipples. When she got to her clit, she was thoroughly excited as she remembered how hot it was to fuck Maureen with their new strap-on. Colette thought about how perfectly their bodies moved in rhythm and how the hours just flew by when they were fucking each other. Soon she found herself crying out with pleasure as her fingers moved fast and hard over her clit. When she came, she almost fell over. Her body, racked with pleasure, sank down to the shower floor as she heard the bathroom door open and saw Maureen walk in to use the toilet. 

"Honey, are you okay? I thought I heard you yell something." Maureen asked, concerned. 

"Uhm, yea. I just can't seem to hold on to anything today and dropped the soap for the 5 time. I'm a little frustrated." Colette replied quickly. She didn't know why she decided to lie to Maureen. It wasn't like she didn't know that Colette masturbated. They both agreed that it was a normal, natural thing and sometimes would even masturbate for each other in the bedroom. Maybe Colette didn't want Maureen getting an idea at what she was up to today. Either way, Maureen didn't seem to notice. 

"I'm sorry you are frustrated, do you want me to try to cure some frustration for you, babe?" Maureen asked with a grin on her face. Colette smiled.

"You have no idea how much I would love that hun, but if we start I'm SURE I will be late to meet David and you know how annoyed he gets when I'm late." David was Colette's best friend and was essential in the birthday plans. 

Colette jumped out of the shower, dried off, and quickly got ready to meet David. She knew if she stayed in the house much later she would not be able to keep her hands off Maureen. Since they got together they haven't been able to keep away from each other for more than absolutely necessary. They said their goodbyes and Colette got into her car. 

The whole drive to David's apartment, images of fucking Maureen in various positions, in various places around their house flashed in Colette's mind. When her imagination started drifting to what possibly could happen tonight, she knew she needed to think of something else. David was a great guy but wouldn't be too open about her getting off in his apartment. They were best friends and David was a key part in her fun tonight, but they weren't that close.

Before she knew it, she was at David's apartment. She sighed a deep, sexually charged sigh and collected her things. As she walked up to his door, she felt strangely nervous. She had to tell herself that it was just David's place, she had been there literally thousands of times. Of course it was never on this type of business before. Prior to knocking, she reminded herself that it might not even happen and that something could go wrong or someone could back out. She felt that maybe she might be the one to back out. It had been so long since she felt that kind of touch. Her and Maureen had been together for a lengthy while and she couldn't have been happier the whole time. Her motto had always been 'Why try to fix something that isn't broken?'

Colette forced herself to knock on the door and pushed all the worry and odd thoughts to the back of her mind. She was greeted with David's large, friendly smile and a big, warm, best friend hug. He invited her in, not that she needed the invitation, and asked if she wanted something to drink. 

"Uhm, no thanks. I'm planning on taking you out to lunch after everything is planned out. I miss you and we haven't done lunch in a while, Mr. Philosophy major!" she quipped. 

"Sounds great to me!" David laughed and then added in a low voice, "You are so lucky that I only know attractive people."

Colette looked at him with a severe eye, then burst out laughing. "I assume you are adding me in that group of attractive people!"

"He better be" came a warm, melodic voice from the living area. This was the moment Colette had been waiting for. Jason, the main part in her plan, was standing in the living room. She turned to finally lay her eyes upon the guy that David said would be perfect to join in her bedroom endeavors with Maureen. He was around 5' 7" and wasn't super built, but it was easily told that he spent a few hours in the gym a week. His light brown hair and blue eyes finished the look. He was attractive to the point that he turned heads when he went out, but he was no model either. Colette found him very good-looking in the guy-next-door type way. She could see herself watching a baseball game with him or, if everything worked out, fucking him. 

Feeling very nervous and excited, Colette took a few steps toward Jason and extended a firm hand. "I'm Colette, its nice to finally meet you. David has told me so much about you." These formalities seemed necessary, even though they might be too formal for what they were about to discuss. 

He took a long look at Colette before he said anything. His eyes trailed from her short, curly hair down to her breasts, which were beautifully displayed, along her waistline, followed the curve of her hips and finally down to her sexy heels. She had made sure that she looked sexy, but presentable. Just his eyes on her body made her shiver with the possibility of what could happen. "You really are more beautiful than I imagined or that David led on. He has also told me a lot about you... and Maureen" he admitted.

She thanked him for his kind words and David suggested that they sat down and ironed out the details. Colette felt very comfortable around Jason, even if she was nervous, and decided that she wanted to continue with the plans. Jason was to arrive at Colette and Maureen's place at around 9:00 that evening. By this time, they would have already had Maureen's birthday dinner with friends and Colette will have explained everything to Maureen. This night was to be about Maureen, not Colette or Jason. 

Once they discussed all the minor details, including turn ons, things that don't fly in the bedroom, and the fact that Maureen was in charge of the night, Jason needed to leave. 

"I would love to stay and chat with such a beautiful lady, but I must be off. I have some errands to run before tonight." With that they all got up to say goodbye. Colette wasn't quite sure exactly how you say goodbye to someone you would be fucking in a few hours. Luckily, Jason had already decided that he wanted a kiss from her and took what he wanted. She was a little taken back from his straight forwardness but was happy that he was so willing to do this for her, no strings attached, and with knowing the possibility that the whole thing gets called off. 

When David shut the door after Jason he turned to Colette and sighed "You and Maureen are sure lucky! You better buy me something really nice as thanks!"

Colette laughed "I'm taking you to lunch! Geez isn't that enough?" He just laughed. "Are you ready, Mr. Lawyer?"

"Stop rushing me, Miss Theatre Education major! I sure hope you don't rush your students like you are rushing me right now!" David shot back. 

They both just laughed and walked out the door to lunch. 

* * * * *

It was around 8:30 that night when Maureen and Colette got back to their place. Colette had DDed for Maureen, considering it was her birthday. She only had a few drinks but could feel the effects of the alcohol. In no way was she trashed, only slightly tipsy. 

"Geez babe, you looked really hot tonight!" Maureen exclaimed. "If I didn't know better I would think that you were out to get a date." It was true that Colette had put a lot of effort into her appearance tonight. She wanted to be wanted by her lover and knew exactly how to make that happen. "I could hardly keep my hands off you all night" Maureen softly uttered as she leaned in for a kiss.

Colette gave her a kiss and laughed. "Thank you hun, but you looked amazing tonight too. It was nice knowing that I got to come back here and fuck the birthday girl who looked so enticing." They started kissing and holding each other. After about 5 minutes of this with the action obviously escalating, Colette stopped Maureen. 

With a smile she said "Sweetie, if we continue like this we'll ruin part of your birthday present. I know you wouldn't want that."

"Oh really?" Maureen asked with her eyebrows raised. "Well, don't leave me in suspense, show me what you got me!"

"I...uhm...I can't just yet."

"Oh! I get it, you want me to cover my eyes." Maureen covered her eyes. "Okay, I can't see anything now!"

Colette smirked, knowing that there was a possibility that someone would end up blindfolded. "No hunny, I don't need you to cover your eyes. Actually, we need to have a conversation about some things. " Maureen looked surprised but didn't resist when Colette led her to the living room and sat her down on the couch. 

Colette wasn't sure how exactly to approach the subject so after some hesitation, she just blurted it out. "Remember when we discussed bringing someone else into the bedroom? Well, David had a friend that he thought would be perfect for that and I met him today and he was very nice and polite and would love to be an addition in our bedroom. He understands that this is probably a one time only thing and that it might not even happen because I wasn't quite sure how you would feel about it and happy birthday!" She took a deep breath in and waited, searching Maureen's face for a flicker of any emotion. Usually Colette was very composed, especially about sex, but when it came to telling people really important things that she had been chewing on for a while, they always came out in a big jumbled mess. She just sat there, breathing deep and waiting for an answer, of some kind. 

Maureen blushed a little and smiled a nice polite smile. "Uhm...well.. What would we exactly be doing?"

"Anything you want" Colette retorted. "Jason and I had the agreement automatically that this night was to be about you and you would be in charge. We are both at your mercy, if you want us to be, that is..."

Maureen looked unsure and felt more uncomfortable that she looked. She wasn't quite sure how this was going to work. It took two to tango, but how was it suppose to work with three? The idea excited her about as much as it confused her, though. She did want to watch Colette get fucked by a man, considering it had been 2 years since Colette had felt the touch of a man. It had been a fantasy of Maureen's since they had gotten together. Maureen had never felt the touch of a man before and was very curious about the differences. She had heard from her bisexual lover, but first-hand experiences were always more solid. 

"His name is Jason?" Maureen inquired. Colette nodded. "Well, what if this Jason takes my beautiful, crazy, girlfriend from me?" 

Colette laughed. "Oh hunny, you know that's not going to happen. No one on this earth knows my body like you do. Well, maybe my gyno, but she's married!" Maureen laughed and shook her head. Colette was always joking around, especially when it came to love and sex. "Besides," Colette continued "Why would I leave the last person I think about before I go to sleep and the first person I think about when I wake up to be with some...man?"

Maureen felt better now that she had gotten that worry off her chest. She believed Colette, she had no reason to lie to her and had never lied before, but she was still worried about the physical aspect. "What if it hurts? I know you haven't ever been that involved with a man before so you can't really tell me, but still..."

Colette sat there for a moment, looking deeply into her lover's concerned eyes. "Hunny, I know that you are worried, I'm worry too. Jason knows that neither of us have fucked a man before. I have extra lube and he will take it slow. I promise."

"And if he doesn't?" Maureen's eyes shone with apprehension.

"Well," Colette started "Then I will have to hurt the motherfucker for hurting my woman!" They both laughed. "He is a really really nice guy, Maureen. I can't see him being a complete idiot and not taking it slow. I'm sure he has dealt with virgins before." 

"Is he clean? I mean, you said he had been with other people..."

"Hunny, he showed me his papers, they said he was clean as a whistle."

Maureen smiled, feeling a lot better. Colette was a very comforting person. She knew how to talk to people and could get even the most stubborn person to feel comfortable enough to talk to her. "Okay, babe, I trust you. What time is he coming?" 

Just as she finished her sentence, the doorbell rang. Excitement ran through both of their bodies as Colette searched Maureen's face for some last reservations. She found some and was about to open her mouth to ask when she saw the sparkle in Maureen's eyes. Maureen had very expressive eyes and would get a certain sparkle when she was feeling very horny. Colette knew to take that next step. 

She got up and walked to the door. With some last minute primping that made Maureen giggle, she smiled at her lover and opened the door. Jason stood there, looking quite debonair in a nice dark green open throat shirt with a pair of black slacks. He gave her the flowers that he brought and a quick hug and kiss and she invited him in. Maureen stood up and Jason turned to drink in her beauty. Colette stood in the background, just watching their interaction. It seemed that Jason admired Maureen just as Colette did. She loved to just watch Maureen bustle around the house and wonder how she convinced such a beautiful girl to be in her life. 

Maureen could feel herself blushing as Jason took in her looks. She watched him and could also see Colette watching him. She took the silence to study him. He was a fairly attractive man with nice ocean blue eyes that smiled and light brown hair. She was pleased with David's choice. His gaze made her uncomfortable, though. It made her feel like she was on display and Maureen was so relieved when he finally spoke. 

"So, David lied. Again."

Maureen was very confused. "What? What did he lie about?"

"He told me that you were beautiful, not absolutely gorgeous. That jerk. I didn't know what I was getting myself into. Two completely stunning women at once. I really don't think I can handle that." Maureen giggled at his obvious sweet talk. Even though she didn't really believe the lines he was trying to feed her, it still felt nice to be wanted. Colette put the flowers on the table and came up behind Maureen and put her arms around her lover's waist. Maureen let out a small sigh as Colette kissed down her neck. Colette knew that she would have to get the ball rolling and that Maureen didn't feel comfortable starting anything. 

"Shall we get started, then?" Colette asked Maureen. She shook her head and Colette took her lover's hand and Jason's hand and let them to the bedroom. When they got to the bedroom, Colette looked Maureen straight into the eyes and asked "What do you want? You can have anything." 

Maureen stood there staring at them for a moment then quietly said "I want him to watch. I want you to eat me while he watches." Colette smiled and directed Jason to a chair they kept in their bedroom that was at a perfect angle to the bed for watching and laid Maureen down on the bed. She straddled Maureen's leg, slightly grinding her pussy into Maureen as she bent over and slowly kissed down her lover's neck. Maureen sighed and let her head drop on the bed. Colette unbuttoned Maureen's shirt and continued her descent down between her lover's beautiful breasts to the top of her jeans. She then kissed all over Maureen's stomach.

Maureen could feel herself getting wet at her lover's touch. Colette always knew where to touch her to make her scream. She looked over at Jason and he was just sitting, taking in the sight. She felt her lover take off her bra and continue her assault on Maureen's breasts. Colette took one nipple in her mouth and softly sucked it until it stood up. She continued this oral worship of her lover's torso until Maureen could barely take it anymore. Colette then took off Maureen's pants and started kissing her way up Maureen's legs, starting at her feet. She took extra time on her thighs and made sure she stayed away from her pussy. Maureen felt a soft moan escape her mouth. Colette was driving her crazy and she needed her clit touched soon. She moved to touch herself and she heard a stern "No." escape from Colette's mouth. Maureen knew that there was no way Colette would let her touch herself and she knew it would be better if she let Colette do her thing. Frustrated, she sighed to urge Colette on. 

Colette's hands were roaming all over Maureen's torso as she teased her thighs with her tongue and mouth. She finally took off Maureen's underwear. The cool air mixed with Colette's hot breathe made Maureen's clit pulse. Maureen looked over at Jason to see that he had taken out his dick and was slowly stroking it. It turned her on more knowing that Jason wanted them both, terribly. It was this moment that she knew exactly what she wanted done. 

"Stop!" She cried just as Colette lapped at her clit. She shuddered at the pleasure and Colette, slightly annoyed at not getting to do what she loved, stood up, looking at Maureen. "Babe, I really want to see you go down on him and then watch him fuck you while you eat him."

Colette smiled. This was a position she had thought about, very often. It was one the main positions she fantasized about when she masturbated, even before she had been with Maureen. "Okay, hunny. Whatever you want."

Jason jumped at this turn of events and walked over to Colette who was standing at the edge of the bed. He leaned down and they started kissing. Maureen gasped. Seeing her lover kiss this man was very hot. She wasn't sure how she was going to feel about another person pleasing Colette, but she really enjoyed it. She couldn't wait to see him fuck her. They continued to kiss as Colette ran her fingers underneath Jason's shirt. She moved to take off his shirt as he pulled his arms up to help her. They went back to kissing as Jason started to undo Colette's shirt. By the time he pulled it off her shoulders and she let it drop to the ground, she was very horny. It had been a long time since she felt the rougher touch of a man. His large hands groped at her breasts held seductively in her very sexy black bra. She continued to passionately kiss him as her hands wandered down his flat stomach to his erect cock. She lightly pulled at his penis, making him moan in her mouth. 
