 "I can't wait to find out where you're taking me!"

The expression on Nicole's face showed genuine excitement. It was not just any Friday night, but also her twenty-fifth birthday. She felt like an excited girl, with a whole weekend of surprises and fun ahead of her.

Her husband simply smiled, more to himself than to her, as he drove the car off their drive and down the familiar local roads. He enjoyed the sense of expectation his wife had been showing. By the time they reached the highway, Nicole was asking again. "Ooh! We're not headed into town! Are we going away for the weekend? But we didn't pack anything!"

He laughed aloud. "No, baby, we're not going away, but I just know you're going to love what I've got planned. Now stop trying to guess!"

Nicole pulled a face at him. "OK honey. I just know the whole weekend's going to be perfect."

No pressure then, James thought to himself. But if he knew his wife as well as he thought he did, tonight would be a night she would long remember. Despite all her crazed guesswork, she obviously hadn't guessed the nature of the special surprise he'd lined up for her, and that gave him a great deal of satisfaction.

After only a few more minutes, he turned off the highway. Nicole had finally calmed down, expecting perhaps a drive to a nice restaurant, or even out for something unexpected in the hills; but this sudden change made her sit up again. "Hey, why are we heading out this way?" She had blurted it out, genuinely surprised, her tone almost complaining. "There's nothing out here except..."

James nodded and completed her sentence. "The golf club. Yeah honey, we need to stop off there. But don't worry, I'm not planning a quick round in the dark!" He laughed, the look of puzzlement on her face. He could tell she was disappointed now, but he let the silence continue for a few tense minutes before he pulled up in the parking lot, switched the engine off, and turned to speak to his puzzled wife.

For the first time since leaving the house together, James paid close attention to Nicole's appearance. The element of mystery he had surrounded the night with had left her unsure how to dress, but he could hardly have chosen a better outfit than the black dress she had opted for. He glanced down approvingly at the generous curves of soft cleavage on display between its low-cut front. A classy look, but certainly not modest. The black heeled shoes she wore would be a little out-of-place in the golf club bar, but after all it was a Friday night. Hardly attire for the green, but that wasn't where they were headed.

He still needed to get her inside. "OK honey, this is the first part of my surprise. We won't be here long, but there's someone I'd like you to meet." Utterly confounded now, Nicole stopped trying to make sense of whatever James had planned and decided to go along with it for now. After all, a surprise was a surprise! She may as well just walk into whatever he'd planned for her. A gathering of relatives and friends, perhaps? She prepared herself for that as her high-heeled shoes crunched across the parking lot.

Inside the building, the club was winding down for the day. At the bar, some players were enjoying their second or third drink after finishing the last round of the day; at some tables, older patrons were sitting at dark wood tables eating surprisingly substantial meals. James guided Nicole through to a quiet area of the bar, ordered them a pair of drinks, and watched as she perched herself on a stool.

Nicole felt overdressed. She'd made herself up with red lipstick, grey eye shadow, even a little mascara. The dress, apart from its low-cut front which framed her breasts in black, clung to the full, womanly curve of her hips and waist. She felt sexy, but it wasn't what she'd have chosen to wear here. A couple of mens' heads had certainly turned as they walked past, and even now one man in particular kept glancing in her direction.

James seemed unconcerned. "So here's the thing, baby. I just want to introduce you to somebody, and then I'll explain what's going on and we can head off. Don't worry, we'll be on our way before you know it."

Okay, Nicole thought to herself. James seemed calm and in control, which is all that prevented her feeling out of place and nervous. She was at his disposal; the feeling reminded her of the times they spent in the bedroom, and in spite of herself, she couldn't help but admire the style of the sexy man she'd married. This was certainly one was to get her under his control! She wondered why she was thinking like that, here in his golf club?

Nicole shifted and gazed levelly into her husband's eyes. "OK James," she whispered. "Who is it that's so important they are worth taking up some of my quality time with you?"

James' answer was unexpected: he turned and beckoned to a man who had been sitting in the soft seating area of the bar. For the moment, the spell was broken and the situation became almost social as James performed the introductions

"Honey, this is the guy I was telling you about last week. We met on the course, and he works in IT."

The conversation had hardly been compelling at the time, but Nicole recalled it. "Of course, Gary isn't it?" She turned to him. "Pleased to meet you." The slightly formal greeting was all she could come up with in the circumstances.

While James had deliberately guided Nicole toward dressing up for the evening by wearing a slightly formal pair of trousers and a plain blue shirt, Gary was dressed more casually in a check shirt and blue jeans. He seemed comfortable alongside them however, and introduced himself. He had, he confessed, heard a little about Nicole from James; he asked her how her job was, in her administration position, and they began to make small talk. 

Nicole glanced at James, who seemed happy to leave the two of them to talk for a moment. She shot him a curious glance, but he ignored it; great, Nicole thought, you've got me here talking to this guy on my birthday. It's all very nice, but now I can't get away. Where was this going?

In some ways, Gary was similar to James; she could see how they might get on. They had similar personalities, so the conversation was easy; and although Gary was slightly taller, he shared James' thick build. He was perhaps six or seven years older, certainly in his early thirties. Gary had a little stubble, but not the kind which Nicole found offputting; in fact, given another situation, she supposed she might have found him attractive. As it was she was impatient, just wanting to know what was going to happen next. What was the point in meeting this guy tonight, anyway - pleasant though he was? And why did he seem to know so much about her?

James sensed Nicole's mood and lightly touched her arm. "OK honey, don't worry." He turned to Gary. "OK man. I've seen the way you're looking at my wife." The sudden phrase made Nicole gasp. OK, he'd checked her out a bit while they were chatting, she'd noticed that... Had James seen too? Did he think it was bad? He knew her well, so if he noticed, he'd be bound to know that she'd enjoyed it. Was she in trouble now with James? She felt her pulse begin to race, and yet something was still confusing her. James seemed all the more open, and friendly with Gary. There was so little challenge in his voice. "I take it you're up for this?"

Gary smiled, and for a moment the two men enjoyed Nicole's consternation. He glanced down at her legs, at the bare thigh showing where Nicole had lifted a knee on her stool, and quickly, unashamedly, ran his eyes up her body, taking in her hips and the curve of her waist, lingering on her chest, and finally gazing at her pretty face, her brown eyes framed by makeup and the spectacles which gave her pretty face a sexy chic look. Tearing his eyes away from Nicole's light smattering of freckles, he glanced at James to answer. "Oh yeah. She's even hotter in the flesh than those pictures let me see."

Nicole gasped, her heart pounding with sudden indignation and further confusion. James seemed so satisfied with the answer! And what was this about pictures? Suddenly, they were discussing her openly... As if she was just an object to be appraised and discussed. What was going on? "Wha..." She stuttered, a creeping feeling of excitement forcing her to stop talking for a moment, her red lips remaining open in astonishment. Damn, she knew that feeling. It was the buzz of raw excitement she always got when her husband used her roughly in the bedroom, controlling her feelings as well as her body. But, outside of her private fantasies, she'd never felt that in public! "What's going on here?" She finished gently.

"Your surprise birthday treat," James said. "I'm giving in to what you wanted. I'm giving you your fantasy! You remember, you wanted to talk about it on vacation... Oh, and at Christmas... And last month that Saturday night, remember? And then in bed on the Sunday morning?"

Nicole remembered. She'd thought about it a lot, many more times than she'd dared to discuss it with James. But she'd almost given up on persuading him to even consider having a second man to the bedroom. Was that really what he meant? It really seemed to be the case. But why now?

Gary spoke up. "Maybe we should discuss this on the patio," he suggested, motioning towards the other occupants of the bar. Nicole saw that he was right: she had questions which nobody ought to overhear.

Five minutes later, a second drink in her slightly shaking hand, Nicole found herself taking the evening air with two men who were offering to fulfil her most acute sexual fantasy. "But James," she protested, half expecting to wake up. "I thought you said, you know... Another man with you..."

"Oh, he's not interested in me."

Gary laughed. "Damn straight. But looking at you Nicole, I get the feeling you'll find ways to keep us both happy."

James laughed. "Yeah, she'll do that, alright."

The conversation had switched - so suggestive, so suddenly, and all about her. She almost gulped, but a surge of excitement inside her kept her talking. This felt imperative. She didn't want to lose this moment. "So I get to have you both at once? I can do whatever I want?"

"Whatever we want, yes," James countered.

Gary chuckled his agreement. When he laughed, Nicole thought, his extra years were more obvious. It made her heart skip a beat. "Hope you're still up for this, girl. Once I saw those pictures I started getting ideas."

Nicole's heart was pounding again, this time with pure excitement rather than confusion. The idea of fucking James and another man, both at once... The rush of lust and pleasure she would get... She'd almost given up on the fantasy as it drove her too wild to think on it. To have it offered now, suddenly, without a catch, and with a guy like Gary, who James had chosen... She felt like her sexual motor had been kicked from standing straight up into overdrive. "God, yes! Let's go!" The three of them finished their drinks and left them on the patio.

James held the car door open for his wife as he had done outside their home, but this time letting her into the back seat. Gary let himself into the other back door, and slid alongside her. "You're both sure you're okay with this?" James turned to face Nicole who, now over her confusion and initial nerves, nodded eagerly. She was feeling aroused now, loving the way she'd been openly discussed as an object for lust and pleasure.

James answered Gary aloud. "I want her to really get off. I'm looking forward to seeing it. How can I get jealous when I'm right here too? We'll let you know if we need to stop, but I think you'll find Nicole won't want to! And I've never stopped her yet!" James drove the car away from the club at a decent pace. "You'll find a bottle of wine with a screw cap back there," he told his wife and their new acquaintance. "Help yourselves."

Nicole thought that being manoeuvred into the back seat with Gary and a bottle of wine suited her just fine. The drive back to the house could have been an awkward pause, but James had clearly planned ahead. She even found a couple of plastic glasses, and poured a little of the wine into each. She needed a drink after the excitement had hit her, and downed hers quite quickly, savouring a headrush. Gary sipped his more slowly. "So, how long have you two been married?" He asked.

"Just over six months," Nicole answered. She moved a little closer. "What about you, Gary? Are you a single man?" He nodded. "Ooh, I bet that can be tough." There was a little mischief in her voice now. "So how long has it been, Gary?"

Now it was Gary's turn to slurp his wine. Tellingly, his gaze fell to Nicole's ample cleavage as he answered. "About three months."

She wriggled on her seat a little, loving the way his eyes followed her movement. "Oh dear, Gary," she cooed wickedly. "Maybe it's a good thing James and I came along."

Nicole reached out and brushed Gary's cheek, feeling his stubble. He had short dark hair, though not buzzed very short as her husband's was. His slightly more advanced years only made things more exciting for her. She glanced at James, who sneaked a glance backward in her direction. There was an approving smile on his face as he saw her flirting with their new friend.

James had thought he would leave the two of them in the back seat to gently simmer. It was going well. His wife was leaning towards Gary, giving him an excellent view of her bare shoulders and the depths of her soft breasts as she hunched her arms inwards slightly, causing her cleavage to bunch forward, soft and alluring. The road was quiet, so James altered the rear-view mirror, relying on his side-mirrors to observe the road, giving him a useful view of his wife as she and Gary moved closer on the back seat.

James felt his own excitement rise as he saw Gary's hand creep onto Nicole's thigh, gently squeezing her through the black material of her dress. "Don't let her tease you too much man," he encouraged. "Go ahead and kiss her if you want." Nicole leaned towards Gary, her straight brown hair falling forward and framing her face. James saw his wife's red lips part slightly before his view was blocked by the back of Gary's head.

Nicole slipped her wet tongue slightly into Gary's mouth, tasting the wine on him and shifting in the seat with excitement. She knew her husband was watching as Gary moved his hand upwards, pushing the hem of her dress up to reveal the soft whiteness of her thigh. She withdrew slightly, then without removing her glasses, flashed a flirty glance down at Gary's body as she opened her mouth further, giving him a full-on French kiss. She let out a soft, yet lusty moan as she kissed another man for the first time since she had been married.

James caught a glimpse of his wife's tongue before her mouth met Gary's a second time; he saw her bare thigh outstretched, and Gary feeling the curve of her waist. James felt his own cock harden as he saw his wife being lustfully groped by the man he had selected for the task. His eyes returned to the road as he ensured he took the right exit for their area - and as he did so, he heard the unmistakeable sounds of French-kissing coming from the back seat.

When James glanced back in the mirror, Nicole was gently feeling the bulge in Gary's jeans; while Gary had moved his hand around her hips and was now sliding it across the curve of her ass. Nicole's black dress was stretched tight, showing off a smooth, round curve. "She's got a nice ass, huh?" James asked aloud as he noticed Gary's intent gaze.

"Oh yeah," Gary replied as he squeezed at Nicole's soft flesh through the dress. Her younger flesh was tantalising for him. "And she's got a pretty wicked tongue, this girl of yours!"

"Yes, she has," James chuckled. "But you don't know the half of it yet, my friend."

Nicole sighed with excitement - she was half exposed now, her dress having been pushed up her thighs and then stretched around her; and hearing the men talk about her this way was exciting her. She could feel her nipples harden even as she took her next sip of wine, and she noticed that she was feeling very warm between the thighs.

After some further light touching, during which Nicole checked that Gary's erection seemed quite a satisfactory size, James finally drove the car up their drive and parked. As he opened the door for Nicole, she emerged carrying the wine bottle and smoothing her dress back down her curvy figure. James pressed himself against her and kissed his wife, tenderly at first, then with a brief but lustful French-kiss. He felt her softness pressed against him, and his erection, still throbbing from what he'd seen on the back seat of the car, was hard against her body.

"So," Nicole whispered. "This does turn you on after all!"

"I love seeing you get horny," he replied, before turning to open the front door of the house.

The living room lights were already dimmed, and within two minutes Nicole was sitting in the middle of the sofa, pouring the remainder of the wine out for each of them. She gave James the largest glass as he'd largely absteined due to the need to drive. And it was James who joined her first.

In her black dress, makeup and black high-heeled shoes, Nicole still looked ready for a glamorous night out. In her excitement, the irony of getting dressed up to spend her birthday at home was quite lost on her. "You look so fucking hot," James whispered as they shared another kiss. It was reassuring for Nicole to kiss her husband so soon after Gary. But James could tell she was highly aroused from the way she quivered, and wriggled at his touch. She groaned gently with half-released desire as he tongued her mouth.

Entering the room, Gary hesitated only to cast his eyes over the womanly figure on the sofa, bulging out of the tight black dress. When he'd seen pictures of her, he had barely imagined she would be this keen to engage in the night her husband had suggested. The ride in the back of the car had been totally exciting; now he only hoped her arousal would continue. He couldn't wait to see more of her. He sat close behind Nicole on the sofa.

When James and Nicole barely acknowledged his presence, Gary sipped his wine; then, as James ran his hands through Nicole's hair and Gary watched it fall around her face, he inched a little closer toward the gently wriggling woman and placed his hand firmly on her big, round ass.

Nicole made an encouraging noise, as she continued kissing her husband. Gary shifted closer still, sliding his hand around to her front and feeling the curve of her breasts. Finally, as Nicole moaned gently with the pleasure of James' kisses, Gary began to massage her breasts through her dress.

Nicole broke off from James for a moment and began to gently push her hips backwards toward Gary's body. His hands slipped naturally around the material of the dress, tracing across her chest and finally, to his delight, he got to touch the breasts he'd been staring at all night. Nicole's soft skin was every bit as pliant and inviting as he'd imagined.

As Nicole pushed her ass backward into Gary's swelling groin, James withdrew slightly. Seeing what he wanted, she turned her head to the man holding her from behind. Gary quickly brushed a wisp of brown hair away from her cheek and then kissed her again, the angle of their faces not as easy now as they had been in the car, but the lust expressed in their slithering tongues just the same. Gary's taste was familiar from the car ride, and his cock was pressing into Nicole's soft ass. Knowing that James was watching her closely, a wicked smile spread across her face as she ran her moist, pouting lips softly against Gary's, letting his tongue flick into her mouth. She could feel the moistness between her legs growing as she felt James' eyes on her.
