 I arrived on his doorstep that Thursday evening with a few small items in my purse and a rather large agenda in mind. He answered the door with only a towel wrapped around his waist as instructed and not a clue to what was in store for him. I'd told him I had a present for him, but didn't offer much else of an explanation. Not one to shy away from drama or games, he didn't press for details. He surveyed my attire, looking for a hint. I hadn't dressed up for the evening as we were staying in and I intended to disrobe as soon as possible. 

"Good to see you, miss," he said as he closed the door behind me. 

His smile betrayed his anticipation as he gathered me in a kiss. God I love kissing this man, I thought as I melted into the embrace and almost forgot my intentions for the evening. Turning me so that I was backed up to his already evident erection, he nuzzled my neck, playfully biting me as his hand teasingly pinched one of my nipples through the knit sweater I wore. A sigh escaped my lips and he chuckled before letting me go. 

"Something to drink?" he asked, moving towards the kitchen. 

"A glass of wine would be nice," I replied. 

We made small talk as he poured me a glass of cabernet, and when he handed it to me, I accepted it with one hand while reaching for his other with my empty one. "Shall we?" I asked, moving for the stairs that led to the bedroom.

"And what exactly do you have in mind this evening, Ariel?" he queried as we climbed the stairs. 

I didn't reply until I had him standing next to his bed. And even then, all I did was kiss him passionately. Breaking away from his embrace with a smile, I bent to remove my shoes first, then I reached up to firmly press down on his shoulders, so that he sat down on the edge of the mattress. Leaning over him, I allowed him to unbutton my blouse as I loosened the towel from around his waist. He groaned slightly as I backed away, but he seemed content to let whatever was planned unfold at my pace. 

I slowly removed my clothes, one item at a time. I didn't speak, letting the moment swell. My eyes never leaving his, I reached for the wine and took a sip. I offered him the glass and he did the same. As I crouched down on the floor to retrieve the first item I needed from my purse, I smiled to myself, thinking, how well behaved he was being. It wasn't in his nature to allow me to be on top, so to speak, all the time. Not that I wanted to be. Not with him, at least. However, this was a special occasion.

I twisted the black silk scarf between my hands and stood up. Crawling onto the bed, I positioned myself on my knees behind him. Straddling his backside, I slid down his lower spine, the trail of wetness from my drenched pussy leaving no question that I was thoroughly aroused. I squeezed my thighs together around his hips and carefully placed the blindfold over his eyes. As I tied the scarf in a secure knot, a sound emanated from his throat, but he said nothing. He reached around and grabbed my hips, his fingers digging into the flesh as he pulled me closer. Checking to make sure his hair was not caught in the knot, I bit playfully at his earlobe and whispered, "Mmm, why don't you lay on your stomach, facing the headboard, and we'll get started..."

"Oh yum!" was his simple response as he complied.

I adjusted his body, placing two pillows under his chest so that his neck hung comfortably from his shoulders, his forehead on the mattress. Again I returned to my purse and removed four lengths of black braided silk. I expertly fashioned a sailor's knot around each wrist and ankle. I then tied his wrists together with a simple slip knot and secured the ends to the headboard so that his arms extended over his head. I left enough slack in the ropes to allow him some room to move. More importantly, he would be able to roll over later without having to be untied. As I worked, he shifted his hips several times, his engorged cock obviously causing him pleasurable discomfort trapped as it was between the weight of his body and the bed. Feeling generous, I reached under him to help position his cock so that it strained against his abdomen. I nudged at his thighs, encouraging him to spread his legs so that I could secure each of the silk ropes tied around his ankles to the corners of the baseboard of the bed. I climbed off the bed and admired his body. It was, I must admit, sexy as hell in any position, but especially so as he lay there helpless. Unsure what was next, he lifted his head and looked in what he sensed was my direction. 

"And now that you have me trussed up like a holiday meal, what will you do with me?" he teased.

Again, I didn't answer. Reaching for the last item I'd brought, I climbed astride his ass with it, a bottle of spiced oil I'd purchased for the occasion. As I sat down on him, playfully grinding into him, he pressed up into me. There was no mistaking how soaked I was as I ground my pelvis into his ass. Relishing my position of total control, I rose up slightly and slipped a finger between the swollen lips of my pussy, coating it well. I then placed it upon his lips, making him strain to capture it in his mouth fully. He moaned and sucked on my finger until I drew it back. He waited in vain for another offering as I unscrewed the top from the lubricant and poured a bit between my hands. 

Making sure the liquid was well warmed, I began kneading the muscles along his upper back. He lowered his head with a slight moan as I settled into my work. The position of his arms made the task slightly difficult but I knew I'd need those restraints later. For almost an hour, I rubbed, massaged, and oiled each muscle mass from his neck to his calves. While working on each arm, I sucked on his fingers. I thoroughly enjoyed watching him struggle to escape from the bonds that kept him from reciprocating his appreciation of what I was doing to his body. After a considerable amount of time on each of his hands, I worked my way to his feet. I let the oil coating his flesh soak into mine as I slid down his prostrate form. To concentrate on his feet, I got off the bed and knelt on the floor. Making sure not to tickle him, I firmly massaged the arches and sole of each foot as I sucked on each one of his toes. Treating them like tiny individual phalluses, I stroked and teased them, my tongue darting playfully and suggestively between each one before moving to the next. 

By the time I climbed back on the bed to focus my attention on his ass, he was grinding involuntarily into the bed. I positioned myself straddling his lower back, facing his feet. He moaned appreciatively as I dribbled oil directly from the bottle into the cleft. It disappeared from my sight and settled, as intended, around his testicles. As I kneaded and caressed the tensed flesh, his ass began to relax in my hands. I slowly worked outward, then back towards his asshole. Teasingly, I merely grazed the opening, as if by mistake. I forced my hands to concentrate instead on the area where his ass and thighs met. He groaned in what could have only been excruciating frustration and his hips bucked slightly in protest. I smiled to myself and squeezed my thighs together around his waist to stave off the orgasm that hovered. I poured additional oil into the crack of his ass and quickly reached down to stop it from puddling in the sheets beneath him. Slowly but firmly I worked the oil into his thighs, his ass, and his balls. Mixed in with the almost animal noises he was making, I detected an occasional "Oh, you bitch!" Smiling, I twisted around and replied in an even tone, "You know I prefer it when you call me a wench!"

As I continued to stroke, caress, and rub, purposefully avoiding his cock, he writhed under me, instinctively attempting to maneuver himself into a more fulfilling position. I slapped his ass hard, silently warning him to settle down. He responded with a loud groan but complied. Using my thumb, I strummed the flesh between his anus and scrotum insistently. He arched his back, thrusting his ass toward my hand. Finally, I plunged a well oiled finger inside him. Briefly. "You wench!" he cried as I withdrew my finger and left him trembling. Deciding he needed to cool down a bit, I went downstairs to have a cigarette. 

When I returned, I untied the knots securing his ankles to the baseboard. "Turn over," I commanded, removing the pillows as he grudgingly did as he was told. I knew the payback for this would be severe, so I was taking full advantage of the situation he'd allowed me to place him in. Securing the ties once again, I was pleased to note that his erection had not abated in my absence. Climbing back on, I impaled myself upon his cock and ground down into his pelvis, relishing the fullness. He arched his back and thrust upward to meet me. Pressing downward, I pumped my hips hard before settling back into my task. Rocking gently on his cock, I continued to massage my way down the front of his body. Taking my time, I manipulated every muscle, often with deep hard strokes, using liberal amounts of the oil. When it was time to focus on his thighs, I simply rotated on his pole, driving him deeper within me as I leaned forward. 

I needed to come soon, but as there was still more in store for him, I wanted to wait. But as I worked my hands across every inch of his flesh, I couldn't stand it anymore and allowed the orgasm to start. Feeling my pussy begin to contract, he began thrusting his hips, driving his cock even deeper into me. The first wave washed over me and I knew it was just one of many. I've always loved my ability to have multiple orgasms and as they came, one on top of the other, I met his thrusts with my own. Lost in my own pleasure, I barely heard the doorbell. When it chimed a second time, however, I willed myself to stop, pumping his cock with my hips several times before disengaging. I whipped around, quickly grabbed his cock and slid my mouth over it, licking my own cum off his shaft. Bounding off the bed and grabbing his abandoned towel, I laughed, "Don't get up, love, I'll answer it." He moaned again, clueless of what awaited him, but definitely intrigued.

I ran downstairs, wiping the rest of my cum from my lips and opened the door to let my friend Jenn in. She had agreed to participate in the evening's antics and had arrived on schedule. I'd told her she could do anything she wanted or nothing at all. She wasn't one to shy away from a good time, so she'd agreed. To make her more comfortable, I offered her a glass of wine. She accepted gratefully. We climbed the stairs together and entered the bedroom. 

"Oh my!" she exclaimed, taking in the scene before her and smelling the heavy scent of sex in the air. 

"Excuse me," I said with a conspiratorial smile, "I was in the middle of something when you arrived." 

I dropped the towel and climbed back on the bed, enveloping his cock once again in my mouth, leaving Jenn to either watch or join in. I didn't want him to come yet, so I purposefully didn't do any one thing long enough for him to get into it. Mostly I just teased him with my tongue and teeth, caressing the rather angry looking head of his tool lightly, savoring the combination of pre-cum and my own juices. 

"Is there anything I can do to help?" Jenn asked. 

I looked up to find her fully undressed. Her trim, athletic body sported rather perky and very full breasts with the kind of nipples that were always erect. Convincing her to get them pierced was one of my consummated fantasies - as was being allowed to watch while it was done. I'd never gone to bed with her before but the possibility had been discussed on several occasions. 

"As a matter of fact, there is," I replied with a grin. 

With a wink to Jenn, I playfully remarked, "Oh my, how rude of me! Jenn, this is Brian, Brian, Jenn." 

"A pleasure to meet you, Brian," Jenn said, leaning over to kiss him fully on the mouth, allowing her piercings to graze his shoulder and chest. He kissed back. Hard. Hours of extended foreplay dangerously close to being expended. When she withdrew, he tried to follow, but was prevented by his tethered arms. 

Falling back onto the bed, he replied wryly, "the pleasure is all mine, I'm guessing."

I motioned to Jenn to climb aboard his face as I continued to suck his cock. Brian needed no encouragement as he began to work his tongue into Jenn's pussy. I detected a muffled "yum" and knew he'd found the twin labia rings she had nestled on either side of her clit. I'd thoroughly enjoyed watching her get those piercings as well. 

After a few minutes, I looked up and saw her eyes close slightly as she moaned. It was a beautiful sight, one which Brian would never truly be able to imagine as he'd never met Jenn before and was now blindfolded. As she rode his face, I quickly changed positions, sheathing his cock in my pussy. I matched her movements, and reached out toward her, bracing myself against her shoulders. As we rhythmically moved in unison, our eyes locked and we started to kiss. She plunged her tongue into my mouth, tasting my pussy as I eagerly explored her mouth with my own. Meanwhile, I moved one hand down to rub my clit. I was ready to explode again, but wanted to wait for Jenn. From the groans coming from Brian, I knew he was imagining the hot scene taking place on his body. 

When Jenn indicated to me that she wanted to switch, I was more than happy to oblige. I wanted her to enjoy this as much as I was, and as much as I knew Brian was. Once she worked his considerable length into her, I knelt over Brian's face, my clit just inches from his mouth. In order to get to me, he had to strain his neck upwards and extend his tongue as far as he could. Pressing my breasts into his stomach, I leaned forward, focusing my own tongue on Jenn's clit. Each time she lifted her hips, stroking his cock with her pussy, I was able to caress the base of Brian's cock, only to get her clit again as she stroked downward. Brian succeeded in maintaining contact with my clit and the combination caused both Jenn and I to explode in orgasm within minutes.  

I knew Brian was perilously close to orgasm himself, but as I had one more event in store for him, I grabbed the base of his cock with my fingers and applied as much pressure as I could to keep him from coming. My hand received a healthy dousing of Jenn's cum in the process, which I eagerly lapped up. She rewarded me by coming again. Brian groaned in frustration, his patience nearly at an end. He strained against the ropes, which only sufficed to tighten them around his extremities. 

Indicating that we were running out of time, I motioned to Jenn to get off and wait for my signal to untie his ankles. When I moved to release his arms, I wanted to be sure he would not succeed in breaking free. He'd been extremely compliant so far, but I knew it wouldn't last forever. I released one wrist and instructed Brian to roll onto his side. His ankles still secured, I released the other wrist and told him to sit up so that I could retie his wrists behind his back. I was ready for him to try and overpower me, but he was surprisingly acquiescent. His composure regained, he did as he was told, although by this point he was sweating profusely from his exertions and was groaning in delicious agony. Once his wrists were firmly bound together, Jenn untied his ankles and removed the ropes. 

"Stand up," she commanded firmly, now totally into the scene. 

Once he was on his feet, she moved him so that she was behind him, her backside resting against the side of the bed. I dropped to my knees and as she reached around him to hold his cock for me, I deep throated him as best as I could. Jenn roughly pumped the base of his cock with both hands, while I sucked and pulled at the rest of him. My fingernails dug into the well oiled flesh of his ass as I pulled him closer. After an eternity of being manipulated but denied an orgasm, he came almost immediately, screaming loudly as he shot his load into the back of my throat. I swallowed as quickly as I could, not wanting any of his cum to escape, but he came too hard. I continued to graze my teeth along the sides of his shaft as he shuddered, his knees threatening to buckle, his muscles too relaxed from the endless massage to fully support him. His body convulsed as I sucked the last of his jism from him, my tongue insistent as Jenn nearly supported him with the hold she had on his cock. When I finally ceased tormenting him, I rose on shaking legs and kissed him passionately. He lapped up everything that had escaped my lips, savoring his own cum. Jenn moved around to join in, maintaining her grip on his cock with one hand, and the three of us kissed until everyone's breathing slowed to a dull roar. With a grin directed at me, Jenn finally released Brian, allowing him to sink gratefully onto the edge of the bed, right back where he'd started, nearly three hours earlier. 

Silently she gathered up her clothes as I helped him to lay down, his blindfold still in place, his wrists reddened from his struggling, but still secured behind him. As he curled up on his side, I told him I would get him a glass of water. Jenn and I went downstairs. Before she left, she kissed me deeply and said, "Call me ANYTIME!" We both laughed, and I locked the door behind her, returning upstairs with the water.

I untied Brian's wrists and gently removed the sweat-soaked blindfold from his eyes. I curled up next to him and as he finished the water, he sighed contentedly and murmured, "Yum." 

I smiled to myself. He'd heard the door open and close downstairs and knew Jenn had left. Of course, Jenn wasn't really her name... and without ever having seen or touched her with anything other than his mouth, Brian would always wonder which one of my friends with piercings she was. He might recognize her voice, but would he ever really be sure? I doubted it.

Before I drifted off to sleep, I whispered, "Happy belated birthday, dear."