 It was a humid night in late May, though unseasonably modest for the normally blazing hot beginning of summer. Robbie knew a little about wonderful surprises, but nothing could prepare him for the realization of a 6 year-fantasy that was about to happen in his own living room. He had so longed to go on a date with Hillary and Megan, so as a birthday present, in exchange for a warm-hearted deed, the two beautiful women decided to payback Robbie with a one-off date. The two former high school acquaintances had been dating other men off and on, but decided they wanted to thrill a wonderfully kind man with an indispensable gift. Robbie would learn after 10 p.m. that night just how indispensable it would be.

Robbie had told either women at one time or another that he found them incredibly attractive and had been kindly rejected by both. He even once had a horrible evening in which he called up Hillary accidentally and cussed at her because he wanted to talk to Megan and she wouldn't answer her phone. On a terribly faulty medication and after a traumatizing evening, Robbie had done something very uncharacteristic of himself. It was a wrongdoing he would regret every day after. He never stopped thinking about how he screwed things up with these two. If he hadn't professed his feelings and come off like a desperate lunatic, perhaps he might have landed two great friends. But alas, he figured he would never see them again or hear of there whereabouts.

And while Megan gave Robbie one of the best nights of his life at a high school dance, the outing seemed more like a friendly gesture than a date. The three went off to separate colleges and began preparing for real world life. Megan and Hillary would presumably remain best friends, while Robbie would meet other great friends in his first year at a satellite school. Robbie tried a few times to keep his friendship with Megan alive, but his efforts were to no avail and he ceased calling her to avoid looking obsessed. But while childish fantasies of other middle and high school infatuations had long passed, the beautiful smiles of these two never left his aching mind. He would always say to himself secretly, that no matter which female celebrity or pop star was the babe of the moment, that Megan would always be the most beautiful woman in the world. He meant this lofty superlative in the most elegant of ways, often comparing her beauty to Helen of Troy. Robbie always reserved the word beautiful for a select few ladies in the entire world, disgusted with the overuse and the lessened meaning of the adjective.

To him, the beautiful adjective transcended the dictionary definition and signified an attractiveness no make up artists, fashion experts, brushes, clothes or cameras could create. To him, Megan was that dream girl that probably looked as spell binding in boxers and glasses with no make up on than in an expensive outfit wearing layers of cosmetics.

He wasn't sure if Hillary was beautiful, but he definitely considered her smile as such. It was the kind of facial expression that causes hyperventilation and chills in its recipients. Being greeted by Hillary's smile was like feeling the warmth of lava in a soup bowl.

He knew neither of these women was truly kind enough to want to date a odd-duck man like Robbie. He had always been kind-natured and well intentioned at heart, but displayed himself as an insecure introvert who couldn't properly carry himself. This scenario never boded well for the loser stereotype chasing the belle of the ball.

But in spite of all this questionable history, here these three were, entering Robbie's mid-size apartment after a wonderful evening of scholarly conversation and exquisite dining. Robbie had achieved success in proving his transformation from the misinterpreted introvert to the confident, but not overly confident, self-supporting man. His demeanor reeked of authentic charm, gentlemanly gestures and a splendid, but not overstated intelligence. That night at dinner, the topics were improvised, much like the rich catalogue of jazz Robbie owned. Like some Miles composition out of a dream, Hillary, Robbie and Megan traded conversations about politics, college experiences, music, career plans, cultural journeys and foreign languages, daily habits and the finest in world literature. The genre's greatest drummers were trading fours with Coltrane and the Bird, while the pianist and the bassist kept the rhythm section steady.

Megan and Hillary were surprised to learn of Robbie's depth and sincerity and were not sorry anymore for agreeing to this one-time deal. The two looked astonishingly beautiful, while Robbie dressed comfortably in slacks and a slick dress shirt with a black sport coat and a leather belt. Hillary wore a pink silk dress that halted in the front near her bulky knees and in ended in back next to her precious high heels. Her dress was strapless, but had a tie in the back and sagged just enough to show the crests of her thick breasts. It was an elegant cleavage, not the kind showing the worst side of pop stars or fashion models. It was a gorgeous dress, but not so overstated that people had to gawk at her.

Megan wore a black and crème dress with black, curvy high heels. She wore her blonde hair down with a white and pink corsaige. She looked like a lady only the lord could make in his finest hour. Robbie had spent hours cleaning his apartment and freshening up the rooms on the whim that either of them might want to go up to chat some more.

Before agreeing to the date, both women made Robbie promise that he would never contact them again afterward. "If we do this one time and get it over with, will you stop torturing yourself and get over us," Hillary asked.

"I promise to try," Robbie said. His stern, yet indecisive promise was adequate enough at the time. Megan and Hillary did not tell any of their other friends about the date, opting to make it a private affair that only the three would ever know about. That was one of the terms of agreement, that there would be no ballyhoo amongst other friends about the one-off birthday present.

Robbie did not ask or even imagine what was about to unfold on his micro fiber couch or in his Queen size bed to Hillary or Megan, knowing that just a date and a brief kiss would more than suffice.

"Just a date, that's all I ask," Robbie had said. His desire to know the women more was sincere and not solely bounded by an itching lust.

He gently opened the door to his apartment and let the two stunning, beautiful women in. They admired his decorating prowess, his sleek, but not rich boy furniture, his spot clean manner of living and the pleasant scents and sounds emitted by potpourri, burnt candles and a small waterfall on his kitchen table.

The three chatted for 20 minutes, continuing the glow from the evening's meal. But after while Robbie couldn't take the suspense any longer and decided to figure out what was transpiring.

"I'm thrilled that you came back to my apartment, but why are you still here?" Robbie asked. "I figured you would oblige my request by going to dinner and then take off running."

The two women paused before responding.

"Well, that was before we grew to know the kind of wonderful man you are tonight," Megan said. "So, we decided that our original gift wasn't big enough. We decided you deserved something more complete. So we want to give you what we've never given any man before."

Robbie was astonished, not knowing what other gift could possibly top a dinner date with his female idols.

"What do you mean, you've already fulfilled your part of the bargain, you don't owe me anything more," Robbie stuttered.

Hillary placed her cold hands on Robbie's wide-eyed face and said softly, "oh but we do."

She then glanced over at Megan. "He doesn't understand so we'll just have to show him."

Robbie gulped as Megan and Hillary began fondling with each other's hands and smiling profusely.

"Oh that," he said sheepishly. "I guess God gave you a call and told you to bring me heaven."

"No," Megan said. "We decided that we really want to do this tonight. And we want to do it as much for us as for you. You deserve this and more."

Robbie smiled like a kid at a candy store and gently puckered his lips as Megan leaned over to kiss him. The two kissed eloquently, with their tongues entertwining every fourth mouth full. Robbie soaked up every lip lock like a sponge, memorizing the taste of her garlic-turned-watermelon-gum breath and the delicacies of her sweet mouth. The two kissed for a minute and then parted slowly. Hillary then leaned over and stuck her tongue in Robbie's mouth. This kiss was more abrasive, but no less eloquent. He memorized her breath and her sweet mouth. They kissed for a minute and then parted slowly.

Robbie felt speechless but managed a few words.

"How can I thank you for this?" he asked. "You are wonderful women."

He then told how beautiful the kisses had been, telling each woman about what he had memorized.

Megan then gazed at Hillary for a moment. "Let's see if you can memorize as much as our wonderful student did over here."

The two ladies leaned over gently, pulled their hair back and softly locked lips. The sound of their caressing lips was faint, but it was audible. The caress grew every five seconds. Megan slipped her tongue into Hillary's mouth once and a delightful smack was heard. After 15 seconds of delicate kissing, Hillary then slipping hers into Megan's mouth. The two memorized everything about each other's mouths that Robbie had. After about a minute, the kiss grew more violent, with the two tongues splashing about and the sound growing like an oncoming train. After a luscious one-minute kiss, the two gently parted.

For the next few minutes, the three traded passionate kisses and moved their hands along each other's arms and clothes. Every few minutes, Robbie would slide his hand near one of the women's breasts and gently massage their dress. They rarely spoke words, instead speaking with their lips, mouths and tongues. At 11 p.m., Hillary gazed at the clock and realized time had flown.

"I think we need to progress things a little further, it's 11 p.m. and we haven't even had sex," she said.

Megan then got up as if she was walking to the door.

"But, please..." Robbie began to plead, thinking his fantasy might be over prematurely. Instead of heading for the door, Megan grabbed a small bag she had carried along from his car into the apartment and asked Robbie if the two could take turns using the bathroom. Robbie of course obliged but asked what was in the bag.

"You'll find out soon enough," Hillary said in a tease.

Megan disappeared first, with Hillary waiting outside the door. Then when Megan finished she did not exit the bathroom, but Hillary entered. About 15 minutes later, Megan called to Robbie.

"Take off your jacket and get your ass in the bed room," she hollered in a demanding but sexy tone.

Robbie entered the bedroom. "I'm here ladies," he called back.

Less than a minute later, Hillary and Megan emerged; giving Robbie the biggest boner he'd ever had in his life. Megan had left her heels on, but was in a gray silk robe with a lace tie. Hillary was wearing a pink silk nightgown with a silk pink over robe.  Robbie jumped out of bed and ran to the two ladies to kiss them again. The three shared passionate kisses for five minutes. With each kiss, Robbie moved his agile hands along the two robes, committing curves to memory. The ladies did the same to each other.

After a period of intense kissing, Robbie motioned to Megan to take off Hillary's robe. The two methodically unwound the lace tie and Hillary slipped off her robe. Robbie could see a bigger crest of Hillary's breasts through the matching pink nightgown and gazed at her silky white legs and painted toenails through high heels. Robbie gave Megan a gentle kiss and then motioned for Hillary to lie down on the bed.

"Megan, massage her down there with her gown while I use the gown to fondle these beautiful breasts."

Hillary lay down on the bed and prepared for an orgasmic massage. Robbie began by sticking his right hand inside the nightgown and carefully and lovingly grabbing her left breast. She began to breathe deeply. He removed his hand after a minute and began massaging the silk that covered them. She let out sexy sighs. After two minutes, Megan began gently massaging her hand up and down Hillary's legs before arriving near the bottom of the silk gown at her vagina. Her hands pressed lightly against the gown, using her touch to find the right crevices of Hillary's vagina. She began letting out sexy cries, with Robbie intriguing her breasts and Megan pressing the silk of her gown against her vaginal area. Robbie occasionally leaned over to kiss Megan or Hillary while his hands worked some magic.

Hillary lay down as the recipient of this heavenly massage for five minutes. Her cries grew more frequent and louder as Megan and Robbie continued to press the right spots. She grabbed pillows or the sheets with her hands when the sensations became too wonderful.

Then, Megan helped her up and the two engaged in another powerful kiss. With Robbie touching them both, the two meshed their wet lips together like long lost lovers.

Then Megan stood up and slowly unraveled her robe, revealing her beautiful body. Her breasts were small but wonderfully curved and her vagina had a small strip of hair running to the hole. She had the sexiest legs Robbie had ever seen. Robbie and Hillary touched her naked body for a minute. Then Robbie and Megan began touching Hillary again slowly undressing her gown as she laid there delicately. She sat up briefly to let the gown slip off her large breasts and then laid her head back on a resting pillow. Megan gently slipped the gown down her legs.

Hillary was not petite like Megan but her naked body was no less wonderous. She had a milky white belly that curved outward. She had a particular attraction to food that she indulged frequently but her small hill of stomach fat was dangerously sexy.

"Hillary have you ever been eaten out by a woman?" Robbie asked.

"No," she said calmly. It seemed she was telling the truth.

Megan smiled as Robbie removed all his clothes. Megan then began kissing Hillary's naked stomach occasionally using her tongue as an accent. Her mouth moved further south to the waistline and then down to both legs. Hillary oozed sexy responses as Megan's lips went down her legs. Finally, as if finding the final vacation destination after a long trip with multiple connecting flights, Megan's lips found Hillary's vagina. She began kissing it softly, her lips making a gentle sound every time they made contact. She kissed gently for a period of two minutes, before making her mouth movements with more frequency. She began occasionally using her tongue for accent.

"Mmmmmmmm," Hillary oozed loudly. "Oh my god, Megan!"

Robbie, who had been watching this mouth to body dance began running his hands down Megan's back. He walked to the end of the bed and climbed on, preparing to imitate one crucial part of his sex fantasy. With Megan's head buried in Hillary's vagina, Robbie gently found Megan's vagina with his dick in his hand and began stroking it in and out, not wanting to make any abrasive movements. He wanted this to be a sensual, elongated threesome, not a thirty minute fuck fest. With each time, his cold penis entrenched itself farther into Megan's vagina hole. Megan now had to pull her head up every 10 seconds to get air and moan herself.

The three began moaning almost in a rhythmic syncopation. Hillary, with Megan's lips and tongue now vigorously eating out her vagina. Megan, with her head buried in Hillary's vagina and Robbie's penis fucking her vagina. And Robbie, feeling the clash of his cold penis with Megan's warm vagina.

Megan's hands worked up Hillary's stomach as she ate her out and began rubbing her two breasts. Robbie continued fucking Megan's vagina, while he too used his hands to find her breasts and gently touch them. The first orgasm would come a few minutes after they assumed this position. They would lose count after a while. The three continued the same erotic motions for nearly fifty minutes, pausing every time any one of them had to cum. Wet stains began appearing on the bed from all the cum.

Then, Megan cleaned her lips on Hillary's legs and moved up to kiss her. Robbie moved to the other side of the bed to watch this soft lip exchange. The two then began another entrancing French kiss.

Robbie ducked his head under the two mouths' and began sucking Hillary's gorgeous breasts. He did this for a long minute, letting small lines of saliva form between the breast and his mouth. The three then exchanged places.

"I want to watch you fuck Hillary," Megan said.

So, Megan went to one side of the bed to watch. Hillary sat her vagina on Robbie's penis and began moving her body up and down in rhythmic fashion. Robbie sat up and kissed Hillary's breasts. Megan, aroused as ever, began masturbating violently. Hillary and Robbie engaged in a tense intercourse, pausing occasionally to cum or take a breath. Megan was over in the left corner of the bed fingering herself, sticking her petite fingers deep into her pussy, giving herself a few orgasms. As the two watched Megan fondle herself, their sex grew wilder and more intense.

Then the three spontaneous lovers paused for a few minutes, admiring the cum that had already accumulated. Then Hillary kissed Robbie, using her tongue as an accent.

"Now, I want to fuck myself as you make my best friend cum like 30 times." 

The sex wouldn't be that great because no sex segment could produce that many orgasms for two human beings. Like Hillary, Megan sat her vagina on Robbie's penis and started to dance up and down. Hillary sat in the left corner grabbing at her right breast, using her left hand to finger her pussy. Her hands occasionally left her body and touched Megan's soft back. Watching Hillary masturbate was like an art form in itself. Her hands painted the lush scene, while her sexual gasps added unexpected but welcome colors. It was the perfect inspiration for some unbelievable sexual moments. As he had done with Hillary, Robbie paused for orgasms and breaths. For most of the hour, Robbie's and Megan's tongues collided like crashing cars, while they fucked each other until the exhilaration lifted them to another planet.

Then Hillary went over and gently licked Megan's asshole before locking lips with Robbie.

They paused again, to let Robbie get a plate of fruit that the three would share. After handing each other apples, strawberries and soft kiwi's, he set the plate down on his office desk.

"Now, I want to watch you two ladies fuck each other, eat each other out, lick each other's breasts and kiss passionately. And I want you to feel my warm cum on your backs. Make me cum while I masturbate."

Megan and Hillary began with another kiss, which up to this point tied for the best of the evening. Robbie's right hand grazed his throbbing cock as the two tongues mashed and the breasts suffocated one another, each lady squealing in delight. They fondled each other's pussies while they kissed and sucked breasts. They did this for 20 minutes. Then, Hillary leaned her head into Megan's pussy and began working her tongue in and out of the whole that Robbie's penis had made a bit wider. Consumed by horniness, Robbie crouched over Hillary's back and briefly fucked her pussy as he had done with Megan. This position was sexiest to him: Girl eating out girl, while guy fucks vagina. Hillary briefly turned her head back and smiled in acknowledgement. She briefly came up for air and for a loud but gorgeous scream. The trio had at least three orgasms in this position. Then, Robbie went back to the left corner to watch the other two women eat pussy.
