 As Nick made his way to the hotel he racked his brains trying to guess what Jenny had in store for him. All she had said was that she hoped he would enjoy his birthday surprise as much as she had enjoyed hers.

Five weeks ago Nick had bought Jenny a long string of pearls. Initially disappointed with her gift, she later told him that she had never experienced a night like it, as he used the pearls to fill both her pussy and ass to the brim, before taking her out to a trendy bar with them lodged inside her.

At the bar he had teased her to the point of making her come before taking her back to the hotel and making her come several times over again as he expertly extracted the beads, roundly fucking her in both holes as he did so. And to top it all, he also bought her exactly the piece of jewellery she had wanted as her 'proper' gift.

Nick had put a lot of thought and careful planning into Jenny's surprise gift. Of course it wasn't an entirely selfless act as he too had had the most fantastic time that evening. But try as he might he couldn't guess what Jenny might have thought up for him.

She had texted him with the hotel name and room number. He was to be there at 8.30. -                                           As he arrived he noted that the hotel was relatively small and seemed to be designed in a boutique style. The foyer was quiet and luxurious with several huge leather sofas where a couple of guests were relaxing enjoying an evening drink presumably before heading out.

Nodding casually at the receptionist, Nick passed through the foyer and headed for the lift. Room 36 was where Jen had told him to be waiting. He travelled to the fourth floor, in this small hotel it was the top floor and these were probably the best rooms he reasoned

Jenny answered the door almost immediately when he knocked and he could tell she was excited. She greeted him with a long slow kiss, then took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom. He watched her perfect ass sway in the short silk robe she wore. Then he managed to tear his eyes off her long enough to take in his surroundings.

"How the hell did you afford this room?"

A huge four poster bed stood in the middle of the room. A leather sofa sat against one wall, a mirror above it taking up almost the whole wall making the room look even bigger than it was. The wall on the other side of the bed was made up of floor to ceiling double doors. This was more a suite than a room.

"Never you mind how I paid for it. Just enjoy it"

She poured him a glass of champagne from a bottle resting in an ice bucket at the bottom of the bed.

"All you need to do is relax and enjoy my birthday treat. Like I did yours"

Relax. That's all he had to do. But it was easier said than done.

Nick liked being in control in the bedroom. Loved calling the shots. He had enjoyed giving Jenny her birthday present at least as much as she had enjoyed receiving it, if not more. Now here he was being asked to be the passive partner.

"C'mon sexy, do it for me. You won't regret it, I promise"

At which point she calmly undid her robe and slowly held it open. Her amazing body looked more incredible than ever in the skimpiest bra and panties he had ever seen her in. They clung to her tanned firm curves like they had been sprayed on. Her large breasts spilling out over the top of the black and gold bra, and the matching thong scarcely covered her smooth mound.

He nodded and smiled. "Whatever you say baby". He had never before put himself in the hands of a lover like this, but he reckoned she was worth it. And he trusted her.

She closed the robe and tied it tight again. "Right, now why don't you strip out of those clothes and get yourself on this bed I'm paying a fortune for"

He unbuttoned his shirt, unzipped his trousers, pulled of his shoes and placed them all neatly on a chair.

"On the bed" she repeated.

He climbed on and lay there not knowing quite what to do. Jenny gleefully jumped on the bed and straddled him. Tugging at his boxers which he had opted to keep on, she teased him.

"Not like you to be modest big boy. We'll soon have these off you, don't worry. But first, put those arms up for me"

Hesitantly he raised his arms above his head. In a flash she took one wrist and secured it in a cuff that was already attached to one of the bed posts.

"What the....?" Nick exclaimed as he instinctively withdrew his free hand.

"Trust me. You are going to love every second of this. It will be a birthday you will never ever forget" she said softly, and took his free hand and stretched it back out and cuffed it.

She turned around and slid his boxers off and down his legs. As she eased his pants off his right foot he felt a cord around his ankle, felt it pulled taut. Seconds later his other foot was similarly tied. He was bound spreadeagled on the bed now, seriously outside of his comfort zone. He did trust Jenny, but he had never been in anything like this situation before, not even fooling around. And now here he was naked and helpless.

She scampered back up to sit on his midriff.

"Almost done" she said, and then slowly shed her robe so she sat on him in just that incredible lingerie. She pulled the robe's silk sash out of its loops and trailed it over his chest, across his face. She leant forward and threaded it under his head, wrapped it around and over and before he knew what was happening he was blindfolded as well as securely bound.

"When you said 'trust me' I didn't know you meant this kind of trussed!" he joked, trying to use humour to mask his nervousness and vulnerability. She didn't laugh at his attempt, maybe she smiled but of course he wouldn't know as he couldn't see a thing.

It was with relief as much as anything else that he felt her mouth on his nipple. For a split second he hadn't been entirely sure the evening was going in the right direction. Thoughts had flashed through his mind - trying to fathom any grievance from their time together that she may have had that she planned to exact revenge for. But now, as she bit softly into his chest his body relaxed a little. Now it felt like she was just intent on spoiling him, ravishing him as he lay there.

His cock had not been fully erect as a result of his nervousness and uncertainty, but now as she continued to kiss and nibble her way down his torso, it sprang into life, thickening and growing, anticipating the feel of her tongue teasing his knob as she reached it.

He wasn't disappointed. He moaned as she first licked his cock all over and then took his knob in her mouth. She was always great at fellatio, but tonight she was surpassing herself, taking it further in her mouth than she ever had before, flicking the underside of his knob with the tip of her tongue, sucking gently on his balls.

He can only have been lying there, tied up and having his cock pleasured, for ten minutes or so, but his mouth was as dry as sandpaper. So when she took him by surprise by easing one of her beautiful full breasts into his mouth he struggled at first to lick properly on her soft, ripe nipple. But soon he was sucking away at it for all he was worth.

From somewhere in his hugely distracted state, he managed the thought that she had been remarkably agile and nimble on the bed. He hadn't felt her clamber over his legs or up his body but of course she must have done for him to be feasting on her tits as he was. The thought didn't last long, as those magnificent and by now quite slippery breasts began to drag backwards and forwards across his face, and he concentrated on trying to catch one of her nipples in his mouth like he was apple bobbing.

But the thought came shooting back into his head immediately that he felt her mouth once again on his cock. He was still licking at her breasts....how on earth could she contort herself to manage that. His head was fuzzy, due to his mouth being full of her sumptuous tits and his cock being sucked by her luscious lips.

But no!...no!... this didn't make any sense. It was impossible. As much as he hated to, some strange natural instinct forced him to try and understand what was happening, rather than just enjoy it all.

"Jen...baby...what's going on?" he said, his head to one side to allow him to talk.

She laughed. "This is your birthday present sweetie. Are you not enjoying it?"

"It's fucking incredible. But.... But I don't understand.... how?... what?"

"Well" she dragged the word out for dramatic effect "we're not exactly alone"

She laughed again and this time another giggle came from further down the bed

"Who... who's with us?!"

"Mmmm.... well who would you want it to be?"

Oh Christ! Which one of her friends was it? Jen had some seriously hot mates. Could it be Lucy, long legs, long blonde hair and always showing off her amazing rack with low cut tops? Or Karen, caramel skin, curly black hair falling down her back towards her amazing butt, and those big, big brown eyes?

Then Nick realised he could fall into a nasty trap. If he guessed which friend it was and got it wrong he risked upsetting whoever it was currently sucking his cock. He decided to play it dumb.

"I don't know....I...can't...really....think straight at the moment"

"Well I don't think you'll be disappointed. Say Hi to Marie"

Jen whipped off the sash tied around his head and as Nick blinked in the light trying to focus, he took in the sight of the beautiful Marie. She was a friend of Jen's from work. He'd only met her maybe twice. She had smouldering Mediterranean looks with curly chestnut hair down to her shoulders, a cute smile and twinkling eyes and, as he could see now for the first time, the most delicious looking pert and perky titties.

"H...Hi Marie" It was all Nick could manage

"Hi Nick. You have a gorgeous cock. And so so tasty!"

Marie smiled and waved at Nick as she sat between his legs, her other hand still wanking slowly on his cock.

"I told Marie about the amazing present you gave me. She thought it was so, so sexy. She's always had a bit of a crush on you, I knew that from the first time you met me after work. When I told her I wanted to give you an awesome present in return, she just begged me to let her help give it to you" Jen stroked his face and kissed him.

"Thank you...you...you're beautiful... you're both so fucking beautiful" Nick was still in shock

"Well lie back and enjoy it for now baby, get some rest. 'Cos we're going to untie you soon enough and when we do you have to fuck both our brains out" purred Jenny

"But first we have a few little treats for you" added Marie

With that she let go of his cock and moved up the bed, kneeling on one side of him. It gave Nick a chance to take a closer look at her body. All she was wearing was a tiny white lace thong that looked incredible against her tanned skin. Her body was tight and toned, her small breasts were a contrast to Jenny's heavy ones and her dark nipples with large areola looked like they were aching to be sucked.

Jenny bounced up on the bed and knelt alongside Nick too, across from Marie.

"When Marie suggested this as a present I wasn't sure at first. I've never done anything like it before. So what you're about to witness is the first time I've ever kissed a woman"

With that the girls leant across Nick and embraced, their mouths locking together in a passionate lingering kiss. Marie broke off from the kiss and looked down at Nick.

"I on the other hand have kissed, and fucked, many women. And I'm going to teach your girlfriend a few new tricks"

With that she resumed kissing Jenny. Nick watched as her expert tongue snaked inside Jen's open mouth, licking at her lips. As she did so her hands travelled up Jenny's body to cup her full breasts in her hands, rolling Jen's hard nipples between her fingers. Jenny threw her head back in response to this attention, and Marie licked at her throat and bit into her neck.

Nick lay there and watched as the two girls made out on top of him, Jenny following Marie's lead. Marie slowly peeled Jenny's panties down and slipped two fingers inside her sopping pussy, before offering those fingers to Nick to taste. As turned on as he was by that, he had to admit he couldn't wait for a taste of Marie's sweet cunt.

He didn't have to wait too long, as Marie took Jenny's hand and placed it on her own pussy, pulling her white panties to one side. Jenny seemed a little nervous, and unsure, so Marie kept her own hand on top of Jen's and helped her massage her pussy, gently urging a couple of Jenny's fingers in. Before long Jenny had become accustomed to the idea and was enthusiastically frigging Marie.

Marie could see how avidly Nick was watching as his girlfriend's fingers got wetter and wetter. So she pulled Jenny's hand away and held it up in the air so all three of them could see her juices glistening on Jenny's fingers.

Marie gave Nick a sexy sink and he was sure he was going to now going to taste her. But instead she teased him by directing Jenny's hand towards her mouth. Jenny took them in her mouth and slowly sucked away at them.

"Mmmm.... that's so sexy... your first taste of pussy!" Marie beamed "you want more baby?"

"Yes... yes I do... I want to taste more....I love it" replied Jenny

"Then get that gorgeous tongue of yours down here and lick me"

Doing as she told, Jenny lay across Nick and started to lap away between Marie's legs. Marie must have seen the frustration on Nick's face.

"Your turn will come soon enough, lover boy, don't you worry. But I have been fantasizing for over a year about your gorgeous girlfriend going down on me, and I just need to enjoy the moment if you know what I mean" As if in consolation, Marie took hold of Nick's hard cock and slowly wanked on it.

Nick couldn't quite believe what was happening. Used to being the one in control, first he had let his girlfriend subdue him, and now it was this girl he hardly knew calling the shots, in control of both of them. He had imagined having two women on many occasions, but it was always him running the show in his fantasies, never had it been like this, with him as a passive spectator, thankful for any scraps that fell his way.

Marie was moaning and thrusting her crotch into Jenny's face, one hand on the back of Jen's head as she did so.

"He's been very patient, the poor lamb. I think it's time he had a little reward, don't you?" she said "I think he deserves a nice long kiss"

With that she guided Jenny's head gently towards Nick's face, and as his girlfriend kissed him deep on the mouth it was the most erotic kiss he had ever experienced, tasting another woman's pussy on her lips and tongue.

Soon Marie joined them. The logistics of the three-way kiss took some getting used to for novices Nick and Jenny, but it seemed like Marie knew what she was doing. Again, she took the initiative.

"I really need cock now. I want your boyfriend's cock inside me Jen"

"What do you think honey? Is it ok if Marie sits on your cock?"

"Yes" It seemed such an inadequate response, but what else do you say in such a situation?

"Amazing!" Marie jumped up on the bed and, standing over Nick, shimmied out of her panties. She squatted down over his cock, her smooth pussy hovering just inches above it. "Ready?!"

Jen was still lying on the bed, her face close to Nick's.

"Mmmm....she has such a cute little pussy doesn't she?... it's going to be so sexy watching her sit on your cock"

"I can't believe you're doing all this for me"

"You know, I've always wondered what it would be like to have a threesome. When I told Marie about the necklace she said you must be a great lover to do something like that - you so are by the way - she said she'd love to find out for herself, and she was so persuasive that this would be the ideal gift. And she was so so right"

"Oh God!"

Marie was performing a gymnastic feat as she dipped down to rub her pussy along the shaft of Nick's cock.

"Now, I want to watch her lower that tight little pussy of hers on to your magnificent cock. Watch it slide in inch by inch. And when she has all of you inside her, well then my beautiful man, I'm going to sit down on your face so you can make me come with that amazing tongue of yours. You will have one of us riding your cock while the other rides your face. And then we'll swap, and you'll get to taste that sweet cunt of hers properly. I've never tasted a girl before of course but I can assure you that Marie tastes delicious"

Jenny whispered these words into Nick's ear as together they watched Marie grasp hold of his tumescent cock and direct it towards her pouting sex, rubbing his knob against her pussy lips. Looking up and grinning at the two of them she slowly began to lower herself onto it.

"Happy Birthday Honey" Jenny whispered as together they watched his knob disappear inside her friend. It was almost enough to make him come there and then, but he was doing all he could to hold back.

Soon Marie was fully impaled on his hard cock., her muscles clenching him as she inched down on it. Jenny kissed his cheek and then, true to her word, straddled his face so that he could fuck her with his tongue. Soon both girls were grinding and writhing away on top of him.

After a while they did indeed swap positions, only whereas Jenny had faced towards Marie when she rode his face, Marie had other ideas. As Jenny slid down onto his cock and started to ride him hard, Marie sat on his chest, facing him. Lifting her backside up, her feet on the bed above his head, her hands behind her supporting her, she presented him with her swollen, pouting, well-fucked pussy just in front of his face.

She could see how much he wanted to thrust his tongue inside her, and was teasing snd taunting him. Slowly, she edged towards him until the tip of his tongue could reach her when he strained forward. Then she pushed her pussy onto his tongue and let him taste her juices properly for the first time.

"That's it baby, taste me, lick me, eat me" she shouted as his mouth devoured her. She had been teasing herself too, he was sure as he felt her juices flowing out of her soon after she sat on his face and he was sure she was cumming.

Judging by how wet his balls felt, he thought it pretty likely that Jenny had cum too.

"Right, time to get to work" Marie giggled a while later. The girls jumped off and unshackled him. His arms and legs were a little numb from their restrained positions. But soon he was up and raring to go, eager to release some of the frustration he had built up over the hour or so he was tied up.

He had both girls kneel side by side at the end of the bed, their arses just the right height for him as he stood behind them. He fucked them in turn, pulling out from one and plunging into the other seconds later. He was fucking them as hard and as fast as he could. They had had their fun, toying with him, and now he was desperate to release his load.

Sensing this, suddenly Marie took control again. 

"Jenny darling, lie underneath me. Then when this stud of a boyfriend of yours pumps his hot cum in my tight cunt, you can taste it as it flows out of me"

Good God. Nick had always thought that he had a kinky streak. But this girl was something else.

Jenny did as she was told, and lay down with her face directly beneath Marie's pussy. As Nick's cock glided in and out of her friend's pussy she licked at anything she could reach... Marie's clit...Nick's cock... or his balls.

It didn't take long for Nick to cum, knowing what was going to happen next. He grasped hold of Marie's hips as his cock exploded, and when he felt he had emptied every last drop he pulled out of her and fell back to sit in a leather chair a few feet behind him. Marie reached back and held her lips open as the first drops of his thick white cum appeared. It trickled slowly out of her pouting lips and trailed down into Jenny's open mouth.
