 Tonisha Hendricks moaned in delight and she ran her soft, wet lips up and down along the thick shiny shaft of her husband Terrell. His dick was perfect for her. Nice, thick, veiny, nine inches, wickedly curved, it was everything she could ask for in a dick. She could swallow him balls deep without gagging and he loved how her throat felt. This was very important to Tonisha. Good oral skills and a good partner were very important in a relationship and kept everyone happy. She had found her match and was very satisfied.

Terrell was trying everything he could not to buck his hips and drive himself up into his wife's throat. But it was SOOOOOO very good and his nut was looming. He had both of Tonisha's dark brown, bushy Afro Puffs in his hands, guiding her head up and down on his dick. His crotch was sloppy wet with her drool

They were finishing up a marathon sex session that started after dinner. It was now 3 AM in the morning. One would think Tonisha could not cum anymore and be dried up but the woman was like the Energizer Bunny. She could keep going, and going, and going...

Terrell was up to the task. The 29-year-old had been married to 33-year-old Tonisha for a couple of years now and he loved her dearly. He loved everything about her, her personality, her heart, her wit and sense of humor, everything. Oh, and of course he loved that she was a serious freakaholic.

They were swingers and actually had met at a swingers' party. They came with other people and left together. They had chemistry despite the age difference and got along very well outside of the bedroom. One thing about Tonisha that had Terrell hooked about was that she was bisexual and was great at picking up women for them to play with. He did not mind her going off on her own to pick up women either. However, he knew one day, she would want some different dick instead of pussy and he would have to be mentally prepared to let her do her thing. It wasn't like he was sharing her with anyone. However, so far in their relationship she had never asked.

She taught him a lot about women and what pleased them. She turned him into more than just a hard dick. He learned well and became a sex machine. For that, he was devoted to her. 

Terrell was actually surprised that he was even attracted to Tonisha. Not that she was an unattractive woman; far from it. But he was accustomed to going out with smaller, skinnier women and Tonisha definitely wasn't that. 

No, Tonisha was of the heftier persuasion. At barely 5 feet tall but close to 200 lbs, she was a short, thick, very busty, caramel-complexioned woman with green eyes, a jovial face and a wet potty mouth. Potty, not pouty. Tonisha tended to cuss like a sailor at times. She could be most unladylike when she wanted to be. Most of the time, that was in bed and Terrell loved it.

Now Terrell had both her Afro Puffs in his hands, driving her head up and down on his dick. He loved to face-fuck her and like a Timex, she could take a licking and keep on ticking. She was a very nasty girl in the sack. She would do it all, gagging, toys, anal, a bit of bondage, role-playing. Just about anything to keep it hot was fair game with her.

Terrell stood up on the bed and pulled Tonisha's hair back. He pulled his dick out of her mouth and jerked himself off. He groaned as his dick spat and sprayed her face with a copious shower of cum. He let go of her hair and Tonisha began to rub the sticky cum into her skin.

Terrell sat back down on the bed and laid up against the head. His wife looked at him and smiled, her face still glowing with the sticky cum on her face. "Baby..." she cooed. "I know you got something special planned for my birthday."

Terrell smiled. Indeed he did. He was taking her to Hedonism II in Jamaica. There was a music festival there the weekend of her birthday and he was sure she would enjoy it. They had been talking about going to Hedonism ever since they started dating. "Yeah, I got something really nice planned for you, sweetie," he said.

"Okay, but can I ask for something specific?" Tonisha asked, a serious look coming over her face.

Terrell looked at her and noticed her facial expression change. He hoped nothing was wrong. "Sure love. What is it?" he asked.

Tonisha got up and went into the bathroom. She came back with a towel and wiped off her face. She inched closer to her husband and put her hand on his leg. "For my birthday, I want a foursome," she said. "Me and three guys." She watched him for his reaction.

For his part, Terrell didn't really blink. He knew the time would come when she would ask him for something like this. She was always picking up women and she shared them with him. He slowly nodded his head. "How do you want to do it? Do you have anyone in particular in mind?" he asked.

Tonisha smiled but shook her head. That was much easier than she thought it was going to be. She couldn't believe he was down for it. "No I don't but I don't think I want any of our friends," she replied.

Terrell smiled. This was perfect. "Well, I don't think we will have a problem. We are going to Hedonism for your birthday," he announced.

Tonisha's eyes got huge. "WHAT?!? ARE YOU FOR REAL???" she squealed.

"Yes, yes," Terrell confirmed, giggling. Tonisha jumped on him and hugged him, laughing like crazy.

"Oh my God, we're going to have so much fun!! We've been talking about going there for so long now." she gushed.

"Yes, it's going to be so much fun," Terrell said. It was an expensive trip that took some time to save up for but the joy and excitement on Tonisha's face made it worth it.

Tonisha's birthday was in a couple of weeks but they were pretty much prepared for the trip. Being frequent travelers, they both had current passports. Time had been taken off from their jobs for vacation. All they had to do was pack.

The two weeks rolled around pretty quick and Tonisha was excited. She had been on Facebook and found a group of Hedonism travelers. She got some good suggestions for which events to attend and restaurants to dine in. She was quite the chatterbox to Terrell about all the things they could do.

For his part, Terrell was just loving the joy he was seeing on his wife's face over it all. Her excitement was contagious and he couldn't wait either. He had never been to Hedonism and he was quite sure they would be able to meet someone who could fulfill Tonisha's birthday wish.

The two weeks went quickly and it was time to roll. The couple had booked a ride from their home to the airport and they were on their way. They got to the airport and checked their bags. They got through security with no issues and had a 90-minute wait before the flight took off. It was an early flight but the area was crowded. Tonisha was so very excited and amazed that so many people were flying to Jamaica. She wondered if any of the passengers were going where they were.

Actually, Terrell was curious as well and it became a little game for the couple. "Show me a couple you'd like to see at the resort," he said to her. 

Tonisha smiled and eyed the crowd. There were all kinds of people there. She saw one white couple who seemed rather obvious. They both looked to be in their late 40s and the wife was very attractive. She had short dirty-blonde hair with deeply tanned skin, and a slim build with huge surgically enhanced breasts She was eyeing all of the handsome black men in the crowd, licking her lips at them even. Her husband was tall and fit, equally bronzed and had a huge grin on his face at his wife's lecherous gazing at all the black men.

Hmm, Tonisha thought. I'll bet she has a Queen Of Spades tattoo on her somewhere. Obvious the husband is a cuckold. She was glad Terrell wasn't into white girls. Her redbone skin was as light as he could stand.

Terrell noticed someone as well. She was a beautiful woman in her late 30s with long braids down her back full of colorful beads. She had on a cream-colored sundress with a crimson and aqua blue pattern on it. She got up to go to the bathroom and Terrell noted her quiet but confident gait. Her hips swayed under the dress, cut up by the sand colored wedge sandals she wore. The sun shined through the window and gleamed off of her soft chocolate skin. She was simply gorgeous.

Tonisha saw who had captured her husband's attention and was a bit surprised. The woman was a bit older than women she suspected he's was attracted to. The woman was pretty tasty-looking though. Terrell had good taste. She took note and tapped him on the shoulder, breaking him from his gaze. "You think she's in the lifestyle?" she asked.

Terrell smiled. "Probably not. Wishful thinking though," he said. "Did you see anyone?"

Tonisha laughed. "Yeah. The white super-tanned older couple over there. She's eye-fucking every black man in the terminal and he's enjoying her looking. She's like a kid in a candy store." she said.

Terrell noticed the pair and laughed. "Wow. She is drooling over the guys. But they probably do their thing on the DL. She might be like this now because they're going where no one knows them but you can best believe she won't be that open at home." he observed.

"Agreed. That's how white people act." Tonisha said. "I'm sure there will be some white people at the resort." She looked at him. Terrell just shrugged his shoulders but didn't reply. "Do you think she looks good?" Tonisha asked.

Terrell looked at his wife and blinked. "Some guys would consider her attractive. She's thin with big titties. That's all some guys need." he answered.

"But what about you?" Tonisha asked again.

Terrell smiled. "She's not my cup of tea, sweetie," he said. "Then again, you knew that already." Tonisha giggled and Terrell shook his head. "What if I brought you some white dudes to play with?" he asked.

Tonisha got quiet. She had only been with one white guy in her life and that was while she was in college. There were white guys she considered attractive but she had to have her chocolate. Black men were just beautiful to her. Besides, white guys probably thought she was fat. She smiled at her husband. "Baby, I like chocolate. That's my thing, just like you," she answered. "Besides, I'm too thick for white dudes' tastes."

"White dudes like big girls." Terrell retorted.

"No, they don't." Tonisha countered. "Low-key they might but I don't want nobody fakin the funk on me."

"Well, don't worry. I won't bring you any white dudes." Terrell said.

"Good..." Tonisha said and sat back in her seat.

"Maybe a Chinese dude," Terrell said with a grin and Tonisha punched him playfully on his shoulder. "Owwww... Just for that, a Pakistani dude." That remark earned him a harder punch that made him wince.

"Boy, you better stop playing with me." Tonisha cautioned. She got up. "We're boarding soon. I'm going to the bathroom." She started walking away and Terrell smiled as he watched her.

He loved her voluptuous frame. A lot of women have big titties and no booty or small booty. Or vice versa, little titties and a lot of booty. Tonisha had both. She was thick as two-day-old gravy and was nasty as hell. At the same time, she was the sweetest woman he had ever met and that was why he loved her. Sure there were plenty of attractive women out there but none of them could compete with Tonisha.

They boarded the plane and settled into their seats. The flight from Baltimore to Orlando was a couple of hours then they had another 90 mins layover. The flight to Negril from there was 90 minutes. Terrell had loaded his iPad up with old school kung-fu movies, which were his favorite. Tonisha had her iPad also and she filled hers with some Zane ebooks and episodes of her favorite reality shows (Love & Hip-Hop, Basketball Wives, and Real Housewives Of Atlanta). But for real, she was too excited about the resort to watch videos.

They landed and got their bags. Terrell had already arranged for transportation to the resort. Tonisha had been on a couple of cruises but this was her first long trip with Terrell and her first to Jamaica. She was all oooohs and aaaahs as they drove towards the resort. They got there and Terrell checked them in. When they got to their room, Tonisha was astounded. It was like an outdoor cabana with a view of the pool and the ocean with a canopy bed with curtains. There were comfortable-looking wicker chairs and a couch with a big widescreen TV for their entertainment. The room had a minibar and a small refrigerator with a microwave. The layout was gorgeous.

"Baby..." Tonisha exclaimed in wonder as she looked at Terrell. "This room must've cost a fortune." She gave him a look that required an explanation. Terrell just smiled.

"Baby, it's your birthday and I wanted it to be special. It's all covered. I made sure of it. We don't owe anything." he said.

Tonisha looked at him with tears in her eyes. "No one has ever gone this far for me to make me happy," she said. "I love you so much. Thank you." Terrell just nodded and smiled. It made the trip worth it all.

They chilled in the room for a while and unpacked. There was a listing of events for the evening and they made plans to go dancing later on. Tomorrow was going to be a toga party in the main lounge. Tonisha's birthday was the following day so Terrell had to move fast to secure her birthday present. Tonisha noticed something on the listing that mentioned the Romper Room and she wanted to check it out. They decided to see what it was before going dancing later on.

Terrell slid into a cream-colored linen short set and sandals and Tonisha dressed in a cream-colored sundress with sandals. They headed towards the main lounge area and inquired about the Romper Room. They were pointed towards it and when they got there, they were given the option of wearing Mardi Gras masks for anonymity. They took a couple and put them on as they entered the room.

Tonisha was enthralled at the scene as they took everything in. The room was essentially an adult playroom. There were sections devoted to certain themes and comfortable couches and chairs for seating and viewing. Plenty of couples were doing their thing performing for others. They were obviously very comfortable with what they were doing. It was all very classy and erotic.

Tonisha had never done anything like what she was seeing. There was a thin dark-skinned black woman who wore a mask but she was orally servicing several men in a circle jerk in one section of the room. She wore only a Catwoman mask and sucked several of the men off and let others jerk themselves off on her face and her small perky breasts. It wasn't long before her face and breasts were cum-covered.

Tonisha was horny as fuck after watching everyone and Terrell didn't help things by coming up behind her and fondling her huge 44DDD breasts. She wanted so badly to turn around and drop to her knees and suck him off but she refrained. She truly was enjoying other couples and groups have sex in front of her.

They went to the main dance lounge where a reggae band was playing and they danced. Tonisha danced real sexy on Terrell and had the attention of plenty of guys in there. They had a marvelous time. They had a few drinks and before long, it was after 12 am. The couple decided to take it back to the room.

When they got back, Tonisha stripped naked and got into the shower. She cleaned up and climbed naked into bed. Terrell was surprised after she got him all riled up and he took a shower as well. He climbed into bed with her and cuddled up. She turned towards him.

He gave her a knowing look. "I know you're horny," he said to her. "I mean, you're always horny but after this evening, I know you got really turned on watching those people get off on each other. Especially that black chick. Shit, she had cum all over her. Would you want to do something like that?"

Tonisha smiled at him as she cuddled up next to him. "It sounds like fun. And I know that you're doing everything you can to make this a memorable birthday for me. So I'm trying to save myself for your surprise. But I know you're horny, too." she said.

"Well, I don't know what you have in mind but I do understand baby," Terrell said, trying to hide his disappointment.

"Well baby, I know I need to keep your balls drained and I hate teasing you. So I'm gonna give you somewhere warm and wet for you to put that hard dick of yours." Tonisha said. Terrell smiled. He loved how her gushy lovepie felt and he loved melting inside her. But she had other ideas. She smiled and turned away from him, pressing her soft bottom against his crotch. Terrell looked at her in astonishment.

"Really?" he asked. Tonisha nodded. She eased onto her knees and reached back between her legs. She massaged her clit and reached back with her other hand to spread open her cheeks. Terrell stared, hypnotized by her ready butthole.

Terrell was never one for anal sex before he met Tonisha. He always thought it was gay. The first time he met Tonisha at the swinger's party, he fucked her in the ass and she discovered he was the perfect size for her. She loved anal and Terrell's thick, curved, nine-inch rocket brought her many orgasms. 

They did plenty of anal fucking and Tonisha was afraid Terrell was getting addicted. He loved her big soft ass and her hole was just as wet and juicy as her pussy. She decided to ration out the anal play. She did it every once in a while now and when they hooked up with other females, Tonisha made sure they knew that her man loved to butt-fuck.

Now as they laid in the bed, Tonisha decided to give her husband her bottom once more. Truth be told, she missed his dick in her rectum. He filled her up nicely and knew just how to give it to her. She kept herself prepared with an assortment of silicone toys but nothing felt better than the real thing. And now it was time for her to get it.

"Yes, I want you in there. I miss it. Dump your load inside me." she said.

"Yes ma'am," Terrell said. He sat up and pressed her hips to indicate she should lie down. Tonisha laid down on her side with her ass towards him. Terrell grabbed a bottle of lube from the nightstand and squeezed some into his hand. He got behind Tonisha and stroked his ready dick. He nuzzled his head on her soft opening and eased inside her. Tonisha moaned as the brief pain dissipated and her rectum was filled. He pushed himself in and out of her slow and deep, letting her feel every inch of him. Tonisha's pussy creamed and she played with her clit.

"Ooooh shit, baby... That dick feels so good inside my ass. I've missed this so. I need to get this from you more often, " she moaned.

Terrell was deep inside her warm, wet, tight pocket and felt himself about to burst. His nut was looming and he prepared to fill her orifice with his man-essence. He was so turned on by her soft moaning and he squeezed her plump labia together and sped up his strokes in her butt. Tonisha's swollen clit buzzed and she let out an anguished cry as she orgasmed. Terrell threw back in his head and roared as he pumped his nut into her turgid hole. His spent member slipped out of her and his cum ran out of the hole down across her cheek. She reached back behind her and rubbed her anus, massaging the hot cum into her flesh.

:Mmmmm, yasss... That is sooo good." she moaned. "Definitely have to do that more often." They curled up in the bed and drifted off to sleep.

That next morning, they both woke up and cleaned up a bit. They headed over to one of the restaurants for a light breakfast. They both had a cheese omelet and fruit and talked together.

It was a beautiful morning and all Tonisha wanted to do after breakfast was lounge by the pool, sip on some wine, and read her book. "Baby, I'm gonna go chill out by the pool for a while," she announced after she had put on her bathing suit and donned her sunglasses.

"Okay, I think I'm going to go work out a bit and explore the resort a bit more. Have fun." Terrell said.
