 Last year a female colleague (white, 40yo, mom of 2, divorced) started a story with a younger black guy. She is my best friend and being rather extrovert she gave me many details about her lovemaking with this guy. And she is really proud of him as he is 27yo and very handsome, being some 6.3 ft and 185 lbs (she presented me him). She also enthusiastically admitted this black guy has something really lovely between his legs, a sort of an 8 in. cock. 

"Nothing to compare to my stupid old husband - fuck him," she giggled a day talking about the black guy.

I said "lucky you" and we had both a burst of laughter.

Since then we have had a sort of silly game with her passing playful and dirty remarks after a date with the guy, something like "o I'm all sore today, he ruined me," or "yesterday he was a real tornado," or "he broke my cherry for the second time," and so on. 

A day at lunch time she was particularly facetious and giggled, "I would like to lend you him a night."

I giggled at my turn and said, "you can't say that to me, I am a married woman." 

Of course I was joking and she insisted, "come on, a real woman must try a black guy at least once. He really changed my life."

I winked at her and said again, "You can't say that to me as I know how a black cock is when erected."

"What?"

"Well, I am guilty!"

She looked at me with big eyes and posed me other questions as she wanted to know more. Being our relationship so close I told her my story.

This happened before my marriage with a different boyfriend than my actual husband. At that time I was 20yo and my boyfriend Albert was 21. We were highly sexed and experimenting a lot with sex. Not that we had tried group sex or threesomes but Albert had a strong exhibitionistic tendency and loved to exhibit me too. 

I also loved to be looked at and we could not agree more on this point. 

Not far from our town was a naked beach where topless and even nudity was tolerated. I used to be topless there and sometimes we also skinny dip with other couples. Albert was also a great teaser and a day talking about our fantasies he was able to keep a confession out me and it was to have two guys at once. 

He smiled and said I was a slut, but also he added, "let's see." 

It was September and Albert proposed me to pass another day at the nude beach. Who knew if there would be any more beach days left since it was already so late in the year and I agreed. 

The forecast wasn't the best so there weren't many people at the beach. But the weather forecast was wrong and it was a really beautiful and sunny day, only a little windy. Albert and I set up the windscreen and set up our stuff and undressed. In a first time I kept my t-shirt and my bikini bottom on but it was really hot and the windscreen made really a good shelter from the breeze so I left my t-shirt off and lay topless. Albert lay at my side in his trunks but we planned a naked plunge later.

We were enjoying our time together on the beach when someone we know arrived. 

It was Timothy (Tim) a black and well educated guy we talked sometimes with. He was a tiny guy younger than us at a barely legal age of 18 with any girlfriend. Since none of his usual group was there he set up and hung out with us. Like Albert he had his bathing suit on. He seemed also rather timid but he looked intensively at me, or better to say at my pear shaped breasts. 

Albert had brought a speaker and some music from home and we listened to some smooth jazz. 

I found this music incredibly sexy and after a while I was feeling a bit turned on. At this point Tim and Albert seemed also to be ravished by those mellow tunes and my guy proposed us to leave our clothing completely off, trunks for him and Timothy, bikini bottom for me. 

In a moment the three of us were naked. Albert shed his bathing suit the first showing his well-known white cock and a second later Tim followed him. I already said he was of a tiny complexion and his circumcised cock seemed also rather small but hung nicely between his legs in a still flaccid status. Looking at them I also left my bikini bottom off showing my hairy pussy. In the afternoon the beach went completely empty and nobody else was there apart from us. 

We were having a damned good time talking quietly and listening to the music in the nude. I looked at the guys focusing especially their cocks and they watched my naked body making comments with sexual innuendos. Albert asked Tim an opinion on my breasts and squeezed gently my boobs. I protested slightly a bit embarrassed but Albert said he was doing that with the intent to make my nipples more erect for a better effect on Tim. I smiled and led him to do that. Tim watched Albert's action on my breasts for a while then said my nipples were the hardest he ever saw. The situation slowly glided on a promiscuous side. 

My guy noticed Tim looking at my pussy. They talked for a while between them making comments then Albert leaned over my ear and in a whisper he suggested I part my legs a little bit so our friend could get a better look. Following this suggestion I murmured ok and parted my legs a little. Apparently Tim liked what he saw because his fairly small black cock all of a sudden grew. And it grew quite big! It was the time for me to comment and out of the blue I told Tim's cock was fucking impressive. My comment fired even more the atmosphere. Albert now encouraged me to spread my cunt lips with my hands so our friend could see even more. The game was arousing. I obeyed a second time and opened my pussy with my fingers for them. Tim now couldn't take his eyes off my clit. I never acted so slutty. 

A few other minutes passed by in the lazy afternoon and Tim started slowly dancing by himself to the music. This guy was so handsome and he was so good at dancing, a pure joy for my eyes. His willowy body had a strange and erotic grace. I was getting so turned on watching him. His now completely erect cock wobbled on his swollen testicles like the hard phallus of a young satyr. I was ravished. 

Suddenly Albert said him "invite her to dance, I'm sure she likes the idea," and Tim took my hand and pulled me up to dance with him. He held me close, skin to skin and I could feel my nipples against his chest. I could also feel his cock brushing up against me as love juices flowed out my mellow vagina. His tongue darted for a moment in my mouth.

Albert was watching us dancing and moving at the music and tonguing. He called my attention to himself then whispered in my ear with his so sexy voice, "touch it. I know you want to. Go ahead and touch his cock." 

I felt shy about it so I shook my head no. Albert was now standing at my side and very erect him also.

He insisted, "Have you ever touched a black cock before? I know you want to. Go ahead." No. I hadn't. And yes. I did want to. So I did. Tim's cock felt wonderful in my hand; so prominent and hard and smooth. I could feel Albert's tool getting also harder and harder between us as I held him close while I pumped our friend's cock. 

Then Albert whispered in my ear "I know you want to suck it don't you? Your first black cock to suck. Go ahead." 

I got down on my knees and took our friend's hard cock into my mouth while I held my guy's cock in one hand and our friend's testicles in my other hand. 

I sucked our friend's cock for a bit and then went for Albert's cock. Back and forth for a bit and then I eventually concentrated only on my guy until I felt that warm, creamy sweet nectar in my mouth and down my throat. 

Then Albert guided me over to the blanket and laid me down. Tim spread my legs and began to lick my pussy. Albert was sucking my tits. After a bit his cock was hard again and in my mouth and I was working my magic with it while our friend was doing amazing things with his mouth between my legs. Our friend then slipped a couple of fingers in my pussy and pumped away as he sucked on my clit. 

Two guys, this was a dream come true! And on the beach, my favorite place in the world. Out in the open. Ecstasy. 

After a bit the guys switched places and I sucked our friend's cock. He erupted his sperm in my mouth as my guy was now busy with his fingers in my pussy. I had several smaller orgasms. It wouldn't have mattered if I didn't have any because it all felt so fucking good. 

Finally our friend backed away completely and got dressed. He had to go. 

When he was gone Albert laid on top of me. Not fucking. Just laying together and holding one another. I could feel his hard cock between us on my stomach. It was an intimate moment. He held me as we talked quietly about what had just happened. He was beyond thrilled that I had done this for him and so excited that I loved it. We lay there close, feeling like the only two people in the world while his cock eventually got soft.

At this point I stopped my narration but what happened next was really exciting.

After the romp at the beach Albert wanted to see Tim's black cock fit in my white pussy. The only word threesome had a terrific effect on me and I didn't object. Albert called Tim and we met him in the obsolete loft of my grandma's barn. The room was plenty with older furniture and a couple of large sofas. In the morning I worked hard to remove dust and make the place decent enough to host our sexy date in the afternoon and we met there.

Tim and I sat on the larger sofa and it did not take long for us to start kissing as Albert watched. I loved kissing and being kissed by this young and gracious black guy. While kissing me Tim started to run his hands on my back and on my tits. We had a brief stop to undress then we started more kissing in the nude and Albert encouraged us to give him a great show. Being naked my nipples were so hard. Tim seemed to have a thing with my pear-shaped boobs and I led him play a bit with them, but Albert seemed to be in a hurry for watching us making something stronger. Tim then laid me on the sofa and started eating me out like he has done on the beach. He said I was so wet and taste so good more than any other black girl he had been with since then. I giggled and said him due his young age he couldn't be so experienced.

Albert giggled also and said him "give this white slut something to remember, bro!"

Tim then moved up on top of me and entered me for the first time with his black cock. My first black cock! We were kissing extremely passionate while he was going in and out of me and Albert kept saying he wanted me cum on Tim's cock. This was so exciting for me that I exploded into an amazing orgasm. Tim continued to fuck me for a moment or two but he was not so experienced and very soon he came making a mesh on my pubes. We had a brief rest then Tim fucked me for the second time. I provoked him climbing on the sofa and leaning against the edge with my back to him showing him pussy from behind. 

"O-o-o-h-h." I couldn't mask the little swooshing sound that came out of me when he touched my clit but I immediately pushed forward against his finger beginning a slow undulation. I just closed my eyes as he entered me for the second time in the afternoon under my guy's gaze. Absorbing the sensation of the moment I thought at a little story that my cousin told me about her getting fucked by another guy at college as her boyfriend watched them. Not that I was so candid with sex but her tale surprised me a little time ago and now I was even naughtier than her as my other guy was black and his cock was huge. This time Tim's action lasted a bit more. He grabbed me tight holding me by my hips and fucking me hard.

We rested again talking and commenting our romp. At a certain moment I needed to pee but it was not a bathroom there so Albert said me to piss in a vase and empty it later so I did it for them. My boyfriend made always a sort of imposition on me but I liked to be some kind of submissive slut for him and I gladly obliged offering them a clear view of my golden stream and opened vagina. The afternoon was passing by and I thought to come to a natural end of the session being fucked by Albert but I was wrong. He instead kneeled between my legs and started to lick my fresh fucked pussy. He commented my pussy was creamy and very sweet tasting with piss and cock. This had me excited again and I took Tim's cock in my hand stroking it. In a moment he was hard. "Good boy," I said him in a whisper foretasting a third fuck as Albert was now sucking my nipples and kissing my neck. 

Tim's circumcised cock was a nice bar of black flesh now and I invited him to put it in my mouth but something unexpected was to happen. Albert suddenly said he had the urge to suck on Tim's cock also. This was really surprising me as Albert never expressed any bi feeling but in an instant he put Tim's cock in his mouth. Our friend who was standing near me must have really liked that because he became even harder as his cock went slowly in and out my boyfriend's lips. 

Tim kept fucking Albert's mouth like he had done with my pussy. I never saw two boys making out since then. Albert seemed quite greedy at sucking Tim's cock. He took our friend's entire dick into his mouth swirling his tongue around it and gently slapping. He kept his hands on our friend's dark buttocks and slowly stirred his puckered anus with fingers. After two or three minutes of sucking Tim started moaning and whisper "o I'm coming," so that Albert pushed his forefinger deep within our friend's asshole. When the finger went in past the second knuckle Tim arched his back with a little cry and emptied his balls in my boyfriend's mouth.

I felt a bit cut off but it was late and time to go. Albert had us swore nobody must know what happened and everyone get dressed and left.

I never commented the afternoon with Albert and how I was surprised watching him suck on Tim's cock and engulf our friend's seed. But it was also a very sexy sight. 

Of course we had other threesomes with Tim. 

Sometimes they both fucked me bringing me to the higher point of ecstasy but always they had fun sucking their cocks respectively and once I even watched my boyfriend getting fucked in the ass by Tim.

Then Albert and I went to different colleges and split out. After his graduation he worked in a very far place and I never saw him again. Never the less someone gave me news from him and said me he had a steady boyfriend. I got married to a different guy, got a good work and became a mom. Timothy became a professional dancer. He still lives in our town and never married. Sometimes I see him. He is still so kind. Very handsome guys or beautiful girls are always in his company.