 It was my birthday and my husband, James, had promised me a surprise I'd never forget. He handed me a box. When I opened it I discovered a beautiful black dress. It was cut low in both the front and back, came just above the knee, and was slit up the thigh. He told me that I was to wear the dress with nothing on underneath it. As I looked at it, I realized I couldn't have worn much underneath it anyway. The dressed hugged every curve of my body. I felt incredibly sensual as I slipped it over my skin. 

He then gave me another box. This box held a beautiful pendant that fell between my breasts and made them stand out against the dress.

The third box contained a pair of black silk stockings and a garter belt.

The final box held a pair of stiletto heels, in black of course.

When I finished dressing and appeared before him, James smiled and kissed me deeply. He told me that I looked hot and every man would want me when I walked in.

I had no idea where we were going and I wondered with anticipation. He drove me to a beautiful restaurant that we had never been to before. It was a very classy restaurant and all the men and women were dressed up. James was right. I received many stares from the men as I entered the room. My nipples strained against the fabric as I walked past the men. 

Our dinner was wonderful and we enjoyed a fantastic bottle of wine. I was feeling a little tipsy and James had to hold me up a little as we left. He then told me that he had booked a hotel room for us for the night. The restaurant was in the hotel so it was a short trip to our room. James had already checked us in and gotten our room key.

When we arrived in the room, James put me against the door and kissed me hard. He slid his hand into my dress and fingered my nipples. He told me that he had wanted to do that all night. I pushed hard against him as he continued to finger my nipple and kiss me. I was soon moaning with pleasure, but James said we needed to stop because he had more surprises for me.

I looked around the room and it was beautiful. We had a king size suite with a whirlpool tub. The bed was incredibly inviting and I was anxious to get into it with James. He told me to slow down. 

James stripped off my dress and kissed and stroked my body. He left on the pendant and the garter belt, stockings and heels. I felt both slutty and sexy. I could tell by the bulge in his pants that he wanted me as much as I wanted him, so I wondered why we were waiting.

James laid me onto the bed and continued to kiss and caress my body. He pulled out a blindfold and tied it around my eyes. This increased the sensation of every touch. I didn't know what was coming next. James pulled down the sheets and blanket from the bed, and laid me on the satin sheets. The sensation of the satin on my skin was incredibly sensual. We had used satin sheets on our own bed, but the mystery of the night and the blindfolded heightened the sensation. 

James grasped one of my arms and I felt silk being tied around my wrist. He then grasped my other arm and tied my wrists together over my head. I felt completely vulnerable and extremely aroused. This was a fantasy I had shared with James, but we had never experimented with. 

While I was lying on the bed, I heard a knock at the door and someone announce "Room service." I heard the door open and the room service cart come in. The cart came into the room where the bed was and I knew the room service attendant could see me spread out on the bed. I felt a tingle all the way down to my pussy as I thought about this. I heard the door close. Then James said "Now, the rest of the fun can begin." I heard him getting undressed and I anticipated the thought of him naked and next to me. My senses were extremely heightened both with mystery and arousal. James was soon next to me, naked and hard. He began to kiss and touch me and I cannot get enough of his touch.

My body responded in shock as I feel a second set of hands touching me. These hands are soft, completely unlike James'. They stroke my body along with his. I want to ask who is with us, when I remembered the room service cart. I don't remember hearing anyone leave. My pussy is wet with the knowledge that there will be three of us tonight. I have dreamed about this but I never thought James would go along with it. 

I normally keep my pussy well trimmed, but James tells me that tonight he wants me shaved clean and that they're going to do it. He comes back with a can of shaving cream, some water, and a razor. I get wet as he rubs the shaving cream against my pussy. The feeling of the razor against my skin sends me over the edge and I cum. James fingers my clit while I cum and continues to shave me when I am done. He cleans me up and plants a kiss on my now clean clit. 

Soon we are back to two sets of hands on my body. My body bucks and squirms from the sensations. Since my wrists are tied, all I can do is feel the sensations. All of a sudden I feel a breast brush against my body. The other person is a woman. I am now even more aroused. I never expected James to allow a third person to join us, and I certainly never expected the third person to be a woman. I could cum just from knowing that a woman is touching me.

I feel a hand down at my pussy and a mouth on my nipples. Since the hand is smooth, I know that it is the mystery woman fingering me. This fact alone is enough to make me cum, but I want to experience this pleasure as long as possible. James continues to lick my tits and my mystery woman continues on my clit until I can no longer hold back. I arch and scream and let loose with an overwhelming orgasm. 

James tells me that it is time to change positions. I am not sure what he means, but I am ready. He slides me slightly down the bed and the satin rubs across my back. James lifts my legs and slides into my dripping pussy. I am enjoying this when I feel my mystery woman straddle my chest. I can tell that her pussy is shaved as well. She bends over and presses her nipple to my lips. I open my mouth and eagerly take her in my mouth and work her nipples with lips, tongue and teeth. She is moaning and bucking her shaved pussy against my torso. She removes her tit and offers me the other one. I gave it the same treatment and I can feel her cum on me. My chest is wet with her juices. 

She moves further up my body and I can smell her pussy. She is just above my mouth. I inhale her scent and wait for her to lower onto my mouth but she continues to hover above me until I beg her to let me eat her. She drops her pussy onto my face and I reach out my tongue to taste her. I can hear her groan as I lap up her juices, flick her clit and probe my tongue deep into her pussy. James tells me that this is making him ready to cum. He shoots his load deep and hard into my pussy, which causes my mystery woman to flood my face. I eagerly take everything she gives. 

We are all collapsed on the bed and the two of them spend more time fondling me, sending rockets of fire to every part of my body. I tell them that I am ready to go again. There is some kind of silent communication between the two of them that I cannot see. 

They move and I feel a tongue on my pussy. I am in heaven. I don't know who is eating my pussy and I don't care. The sensation is amazing. I soon become even more hot when I discover it is my mystery woman eating my pussy when James lowers his cock into my mouth. I am hot with desire since I have my husband's cock in my mouth and a woman I don't know eating my pussy. Every sound and smell heightens my pleasure since I cannot see what is going on. I hungrily suck James deeper and deeper into my mouth, working to milk his cock. He withdraws from my mouth and I am left wanting more. My mystery woman moves and positions her pussy over my face. I prepare to eat her pussy again when I hear James slide into her. They are now fucking right over my face. As I feel another flick of her tongue over my clit and cum with an intensity I have never had before. James and my mystery woman lower down and I am able to lick each of them as James drives in and out of her. I alternate between eating pussy and sucking James' balls as he fucks her right above me. I can hear their moans as they gain pleasure from each other. 

When James is ready to come, he pulls out from my mystery woman. He places his cock back into my mouth and I suck him to his climax while I suck off the juice of the mystery woman. My body tingles from top to bottom. 

I beg them to release my wrists so that I may touch both of them. James says yes as long as the blindfold stays in place. I agreed because the sensations caused by not seeing have heightened my pleasure.

I don't know how long we were together. Once my hands were free I eagerly grabbed my mystery woman's tits and rubbed her pussy with fervor. We continue with many more positions. At one point James had me on his cock and the mystery woman on his face as we fondled and sucked each other while riding him. He couldn't hold out long.

We collapsed on the bed and I fell asleep. When I awoke, my mystery woman was gone. I never saw her face, or learned her name, despite my begging James. He asked how I enjoyed my birthday present and I told him he was right. This was a birthday I would never forget.