 Chris laughed nervously as his girlfriend Jen put a blindfold on him. She said it was part of his birthday present, but he had no idea what it was. He felt her pull his arms back towards the bedpost and begin to handcuff him to the bed.

"Hey Jen, wait, I didn't say anything about handcuffs!" he protested, but she just laughed.

"Trust me, you'll like the surprise." she said teasingly.

Jen was always into things like this. She was a girl who really and truly loved sex, and he knew how lucky he was to have her. The girl could just not get enough of his hard eight inch cock, and he had no problems fucking her 2, 3, sometimes even 4 times a day.

"Okay, you should be secure now," she declared, as she tied his feet to the opposite end of the bed. "I just have to do something really quick, so don't move."

"Where am I going to go?" he asked, and she laughed. He waited patiently for the five minutes it took before she came back. He could feel his cock getting hard in anticipation.

"Okay, are you ready for this?" he heard her say, and he said yes. Slowly, she took off his blindfold and his jaw dropped. Jen was dressed in a black lace bra with a matching thong, and had on white thigh-highs with black stilettos.

"Jen, you look amazing." he gasped. His cock began to get painfully harder, and he wished he had a free hand.

"This is just part of your surprise," she whispered seductively, and walked over to the light switch, turning it down a little. "Are you ready for the other half?" She began to run her fingers down her body, pausing on her nipples.

"Yes," he gulped.

"Okay, Laura, you can come in now."

His eyes widened as Jen's best friend Laura came into the room. She was dressed similar to Jen, except all in white. Chris had always found Laura incrediby sexy. Jen was gorgeous, with shoulder-length black hair and green eyes, a slim body and a 34C chest; but Laura was sexy. She had long blonde hair, bright blue eyes and a 32D chest. Chris had always secretly wished for a threesome, and could not believe his luck.

Laura walked right over to Jen and began to kiss her. Chris' jaw dropped in disbelief. Jen had always said she thought she might be bi-sexual, but had never made the attempt to do anything with another girl. His cock throbbed as he watched the two girls make-out with each other, sliding their tongues into each other's mouths.

After a few minutes of passionate kissing, Laura began to run her fingers along Jen's body. Chris always knew if Jen was to be with a girl, it would be with Laura. Laura was just as much a nymph as Jen was, and Laura was very openly bi-sexual. Chris watched as Laura's head went to Jen's chest, slowly cupping each breast through her bra. Jen began to whimper and push Laura's head down. Laura reached behind Jen and unhooked her bra, letting her breasts free. She spent a good five minutes licking and sucking each nipple, causing Jen to cry out.

Laura just grinned and began to kiss her way down to Jen's stomach. She ran her hand between Jen's legs and began to run her finger along Jen's crotch through her panties. "Hmm," Laura said softly, "It seems like your girlfriend is all wet for me, Chris."

Chris watched in amazement as Laura began to kiss Jen's lower stomach while Jen continued to whimper and run her fingers through Laura's long blonde hair. His hard-on was getting extremely painful as he watched his number one fantasy play out in front of him.

Laura began to tug Jen's panties down with her teeth. Once her panties were on the floor, Jen stepped out of them. Laura used two fingers from one hand to stimulate Jen's clit, then she pushed two fingers from her other hand inside of Jen. Jen was getting really loud now and spread her legs open even further. Laura got down on her knees and began to lick Jen's clit while shoving two fingers deep inside of her pussy.

"Your girlfriend tastes so good, Chris." Laura said. She continued to lick faster while Jen started moving her hips like crazy, pushing Laura's face deeper into her pussy. Laura moved her mouth down and pushed her tongue deep inside of Jen.

"Yes, Laura, fuck my pussy with your tongue," Jen moaned, "I love the way you eat me out."

Laura licked faster and faster until she felt Jen's juices flow into her mouth. She swallowed every drop, savoring the taste. Jen pulled her back up and they french-kissed, and Jen could taste herself on Laura's very skillful tongue.

Chris could not take it anymore. "Let me free," he growled. "Jen, I have to fuck you right now." Jen quickly began to unlock the handcuffs while Laura took off her bra and thong.

Chris decided he was now in control. "I want you both to suck me." he ordered, and they both eagerly jumped on the bed. Pre-cum oozed from the tip, and both girls took turns licking it. Jen began to deep-throat him, while Laura sucked and played with his balls. He moaned and cupped one of Jen's breast with one hand and one of Laura's with the other. He was in heaven, having two of the sexiest girls going to work on his cock.

"I'm close, girls," he moaned as they both jumped up to catch it. He came into Jen's mouth and in turn Jen swallowed some and kissed Laura so she could have the rest.

Chris could not believe how lucky he was. "Jen, I think Laura's the only one who has yet to cum," he said, looking at Laura. "Why don't you make her feel the way she made you feel?"

Jen grinned and opened Laura's legs. Laura gasped in surprise as Jen began to lick her clit. "Oh, Jen, that feels so good," she squealed, playing with her nippes. "Yes, lick me faster."

Chris began to jerk his cock to get hard again while his girlfriend continued to eat her best friend's pussy. After a few minutes he was ready to go again. He spead Jen's legs and began to fuck her doggy-style as she ate out Laura. He growled again, savoring the sight.

Laura was pushing her pussy closer against Jen's face as she grabbed at her hair. "Yes, yes I'm close," she gasped, as Jen stuck her tongue deeper and deeper inside her.

"Laura, I want to taste you," Chris said suddenly, and pulled out of Jen. He laid down on his back, and Jen stopped licking Laura. He had Laura lower herself onto his face, while Jen began to ride him. "Oh yeah, that's it." he said happily.

Jen began to bounce up and down on his cock while he dove into Laura's pussy. She was so damned wet, and she tasted delicious. He ran his tongue all along her swollen clit while she shivered and moaned in pleasure. Laura came in his mouth and he swallowed her juices eagerly. She got off him and slid down on the bed over to Jen. She began to lick the spot where Jen's pussy and Chris' cock met. Chris knew he wouldn't last much longer at this rate and signaled for Jen to get off. He sat up and jerked his cock while the girls held their mouths open expectantly. He came at last, shooting his cum into both their mouths. They swallowed and then kissed each other, while he laid back on the bed exhausted.

Jen, without a doubt, had given him the best birthday gift ever.