 The black Corvette stopped outside the Marriot. It was a hot, humid summer night in North Carolina. Two women stepped out of the car, one in her late twenties and one in her early forties. Amber, the younger woman was short with short curly brown hair and ample curves that proudly displayed her Latina heritage. Tina, the older woman, was even shorter, with short blonde hair and big tits on an otherwise small frame. Nothing would have been unusual about this scene except for the fact that while Tina was dressed conservatively in a grey skirt and jacket with horn rimmed glasses, Amber was wearing a short pleated miniskirt with fishnets and a short sleeved oxford shirt, the perfect caricature of the slutty school girl. While Tina wore little makeup, Amber wore heavy purple eye shadow and black mascara with blood red lipstick. The heeled clogs Amber wore made her hips swivel seductively as she walked. The skirt she wore was barely long enough to cover her ass. Slutty as she looked, Amber followed Tina submissively a pace or two behind. Tina 's husband and Amber's boyfriend were over a hundred miles away at home. They were going to meet Tina 's lover in a hotel.

The two women walked past the receptionists in the lobby, getting more than a few strange looks. A group of businessmen in the elevator stole glances at the pair as they rode up to the tenth floor. The got off the elevator and moved quietly down the carpeted hall, the only sound being the jingle of the gold bangle bracelets Amber wore. The pair stopped at room 1019 and Tina knocked. Scott, a man in his late forties came to the door in boxers. He had salt and pepper hair and despite his age had the tanned physique of a bodybuilder. 

" I brought you a present, " Tina said, greeting him with a deep kiss. 

He looked at Amber appreciatively while she smiled back slyly, her gaze lingering on his chest and the growing bulge in his boxers. The three stepped inside the room, posting the do not disturb sign in the key card slot before closing the door. Once inside, the man poured three shots of tequila from the hotel-wet bar into glass tumblers. Tina licked his nipple and then picked up a saltshaker from the nightstand and sprinkled salt on the wet spot her saliva left. Scott licked Tina 's neck and then did the same. Amber took it one step further, pulling Scott's long, hardening cock out of the fly in his boxers. She liked what she saw. It was already too thick for her to get her fingers all the way around and it was not even fully erect. Dropping to her knees, swirled her tongue around the fat head before reaching for the shaker herself. 

"This is going to be fun," Scott said. 

"Ready?" Tina asked.

Tina licked Scott's nipple, Scott licked Tina's neck and Amber engulphed Scott's cockhead then downed her shot. As she began to rise to her feet, Scott placed a hand on her head, gently gripping her dark curls. 

"Stay down there a little longer," he said.

With a sly smile, Amber dropped back to her knees, softly grasping the nine fully engorged inches in her hand and opening her mouth to accept him. Scott grunted appreciatively as he felt Amber's full, soft lips stretched around his thick shaft. Amber could only get about a third of it into her mouth before it bumped against the back of her throat, making her gag a little. Scott began pumping her mouth gently, his hand still gripping her dark curls. Pointing her tongue, Amber slipped the tip into Scott's piss slit, tickling his urethra and tasting the salty precum that leaked freely from the mushroom head. Meanwhile, Scott and Tina shared a long deep kiss as Amber continued her sucking. Tina pulled back from Scott and reached down, cradling the large heavy balls that hung beneath his cock in one hand and guiding Amber's face onto his meat with the other. 

"Come on baby, go a little deeper on that big cock!" Tina chided. 

"GUMPHH!" Amber choked each time the shaft bounced off her tonsils. 

"Fuck that's good!" Scott bellowed, his balls already starting to tighten.

Not wanting to come yet, he picked Amber up off the floor, placing her on all fours on the bed. 

"You have got to see this ass," Tina said, flipping up the back of Amber's short skirt and showing off the fullest, roundest butt imaginable. 

"Mmmm...nice!" Scott commented, pulling aside the black thong wedged between Amber's cheeks. 

He held her cheeks apart and gazed appreciatively at the tight little shaven clamshell pussy and the little purple-brown pucker of Amber's ass before running his tongue from her clit to her asshole and then back in one fluid motion. Amber let out a soft moan as he continued to lick her holes, pausing briefly to drive his tongue into her pussy and ass and wiggle it around inside. For her part, Tina knelt next to Scott, pulling off his boxers and jerking his cock, still slick with Amber's spit. 

"You want to try some of this?" Amber asked, looking back over her shoulder.

"Fuck yes!" Scott answered, bringing his cock up to her pussy lips.

Tina guided him in, rubbing his cock between Amber's wet lips before placing the head against her opening. 

"Yeah, get into that bad little slut!" Tina goaded as Amber's short, tight pussy stretched to accommodate the big shaft.

Amber squeaked and Scott groaned at the tight fit. He could only get about six inches in before his head was butting up against Amber's cervix. With a grunt, he pushed in farther, stretching her pussy inwards and rooting himself balls deep. He pulled back, Amber's lips following his retreating cock, and then thrust home again. Amber's pussy felt really good. Tina moved to the top of the bed, hiking up her skirt and straddling Amber's head between her knees, holding her face down. She reached back and tickled Amber's clit with one hand and Scott's balls with the other. He looked down at the little pussy stretched around his cock and the full, round cheeks bouncing off his hips with every thrust. He fucked her harder, making Amber squeak louder.

"That's right, punish that little pussy!" Tina encouraged.

"Yes, I am a such bad little rabbit!" 

Tina spanked Amber's ass, her other hand still tickling the younger woman's clit. She alternated between cheeks, slapping the bouncing round globes harder until they blushed to a deep pink. Scott put his thumb in Tina's mouth, wetting it before bringing it to Amber's little pucker and driving the thick digit in to the knuckle. The invasion of her asshole made Amber's pussy even tighter around his cock and he felt his balls tightening again. Amber was about to come herself between the shaft pumping her pussy, Tina's fingers on her clit and now the thumb in her ass. Her first orgasm rolled through her like a tidal wave.

"Oh fuck!" Amber shouted from between Tina 's knees. 

Amber's pussy spasmed on Scott's cock, her asshole tightened on his thumb, driving him over the edge. With a grunt, he pulled out and blasted his come onto Amber's back, leaving a trail from her ass to between her shoulder blades. Tina leaned over, sucking the last drops of come out of Scott's cock. With her head in line with her throat, Tina was able to take the entire length of his shaft into her experienced mouth and down her throat. Her sucking kept him from falling below half-mast and in less than a minute he was ready to fuck again.

"My turn," Tina stated, pulling off her top.

Scott helped the two women out of their clothes, leaving on only Amber's pleated schoolgirl skirt and Tina 's stockings and glasses. He then turned Amber on her back and put Tina reversed on top of her.

"Lick me you little bitch!" Tina ordered. 

Amber had never licked pussy before. She tentatively tasted the older woman, running her tongue along the length of her slit before concentrating on her clit. For her part, Tina dove between Amber's thighs her experienced tongue quickly driving any hesitancy out of Amber. She devoured Amber's pussy, tongue fucking her, suckling her clit, tickling the little rosebud between her cheeks. Scott stood back, jerking his cock, and watched the two women pleasure each other before kneeling behind Tina and bringing his shaft to Amber's mouth.

"Get it wet for me," Scott said, pushing past Amber's lips.

Lying on her back, Amber could take almost half of the big cock into her mouth before she choked, spraying Scott to the balls with her spit. 

"Good girl," he said, bringing his cockhead up to Tina 's already moist slit.

Tina's pussy was even shorter than Amber's and she moaned with his thrusts as he tried to root himself in her. Amber alternated between licking Tina's clit and Scott's shaft and balls as he slid in and out of the tight hole. He pulled out of Tina's pussy, bringing his cock back to Amber's mouth. The contrast between Tina's smooth, tight pussy and Amber's velvet tongue and sucking lips was enough to make his balls tighten. Scott went back and forth between the two willing holes, making Amber taste his cock, wet with Tina's pussy and his precum. He stopped alternating long enough for Tina to come on him, her orgasm strengthened by Amber's tongue. When Tina's spasms died down, he pulled her off of Amber, placing the women side by side on the bed. 

"Play with each other."

Amber and Tina reached across to each other and their nimble fingers quickly found the other's swollen clit. It was time for a comparative fuck. Scott pushed Amber's plush thighs up against her chest and slipped his thick shaft back into her little trimmed notch. He grabbed her full C-cups in her hands and fucked her until she squealed. On her back, her pussy was even tighter. He looked down at the dusky pink petals of her sex wrapped around his cock as he pushed deep, feeling her cervix squeeze past his head as he bottomed out into her. Amber soon came again, crying out with the intensity of her second orgasm of the night. He gave a few more thrusts and then switched to Tina, leaving one hand on Amber's chest while he reached for Tina's breasts with the other. Tina's pussy was completely shaved and despite her being almost fifteen years older, she was almost as tight as Amber. Her lips were a little lighter but if he closed his eyes, he could have been hard pressed to tell the two pussies apart. Amber watched the two fuck, still playing with Tina's clit. She leaned in for a kiss, her tongue interlacing with Tina's and then Scott's as well as he joined them. Tina's breathing grew ragged and she let out a high-pitched squeal as her orgasm shook her. Scott was close to coming himself but had a few more things in mind before he wanted to come again. He turned the women over on all fours, then placed Tina on top of Amber so that she was straddling her and with her breasts pressed against the younger woman's back. 

"Spread'em."

Amber and Tina obediently reached back and held their cheeks open, exposing their eager little holes. Scott admired the view, then stuck his face between Amber's cheeks and ran his tongue from her clit to her ass, continuing up until he had done the same to Tina. Up and down he went, devouring the two horny women until all four of their openings were wet with his spit. He slipped a finger into both of Tina's holes before guiding his cock into Amber's pussy once more. Once in, he stuck his remaining thumb into her asshole. He could feel his cock on the other side, stretching out the snug little pocket of Amber's slit. He pulled out, moving back up to Tina's pussy and plugging in there. Back and forth he went for the next half hour, filling one woman and then the other with his big cock, staying in each of them long enough to make them come again two more times. Tina licked and nibbled at Amber's ears and neck, reaching around her and caressing her full tits. Amber turned her face to Tina, meeting her in a deep, passionate kiss. Finally, Scott couldn't take anymore. He placed both women on their knees and guided their faces together. He thrust between their mouths, a set of lips on either side of his cock. He sawed back and forth between them, dipping his cock into one and then the other's mouth. Tina deep-throated him, Amber flicked her pointed tongue into his peehole. Both women gagged a little when he thrust too hard and then spit onto his cock. When he finally came, he had three hands jerking his long shaft and one cradling his balls. 

"Oh fuck!" he roared.

His come shot in long arching streams over the two women, some landing in their hair, on their shoulders and breasts, on their faces and a the carpet behind them. When the shower finally stopped, first Tina then Amber sucked the last remaining drops from his balls. Tina swallowed and Amber spit what she sucked out of him onto Tina's tits. 

"Nasty bitch," Tina giggled. 

The two women finally left around six the next morning, walking on unsteady legs back to the Corvette. They had each fucked Scott again; riding his cock like misbehaving cowgirls while the other licked his balls. He even tried to fuck them both in the ass but Amber balked, saying her ass was for her boyfriend. She finally let him slip "just the tip" into her while Tina held her cheeks open. After a few shallow thrusts, he turned Tina over on all fours and buried himself in her ass where he shot his final load of the night after a few minutes of frenzied pumping. And so with sore and stretched out little holes, the two women left the city, stopping for coffee on the way back to the men in their lives.