 This is a work of fantasy. This has become one of my favorite fantasies and I have decided to commit it to the written form to be able to share it. Some aspects have been taken from discussions my wife and I have had, and then they have been projected out in the way I'd like to see them realized...maybe one day.

Thank you to Eviant for editing this work and providing me with suggestions and insight.




I can hear the shower running in the other room and I can smell the steam through the open door. Lying here on the bed naked, my mind races as my heart rate slowly works to return to normal. Julia is in the shower washing the sweat and the semen from her exhausted body. The aroma of sex and the chill of the sweat drying on my body tell me that what has happened was real. My mind tells me that what it saw was real. And most of all, her black dress pooled on the floor at the end of the bed, tells me it was all real. Sitting up, I look for my clothes and I hear the shower stop. A minute later, she exits the bathroom, her body still glistening with water as she dries her hair.

"Hey you," she says to me, "you okay?"

I looked at her nude form, the light from the bathroom casting an almost mystical aura of light behind her.

"Yeah, I'm good. A bit tired, trying to process what we just did, but I'm good," I answered her.

Sitting next to me on the bed she kisses me, whispering, "I love you," as her lips trail down my neck. 

Taking her chin in my hand I lifted her face to mine. "Are you okay?" It's an honest question.

Looking into my eyes she said, "Yeah, as weird as it may seem. I'm really fine with it."

Standing she pulled me up. "I think you'd better hop in the shower and get cleaned up before you get all excited again, we should be getting home soon."

Reluctantly I agreed, and went to go clean up. 

Fifteen minutes later, I was in the lobby checking out, my hair still wet. The older woman working the desk had looked at me in a knowing way as I checked out two hours after checking in. Apparently the "we got a call from home" excuse had been used a time or two. I didn't care. I actually felt a little smug standing there. Yes, my wife and I used your motel room to partake in our carnal desires away from the kids, I thought as I signed the bill. Two minutes later we were on our way home.

As I drove along route twenty, my hand found its way to Julia's thigh. Slowly I worked it upward, passing the top of her thigh-high black nylons, until my pinky was brushing her thong.

"There's no satisfying you is there?" she cooed as she slid a little lower in the seat, allowing my fingers easier access to silk covered pussy. Turning my hand I slid my middle finger into her, drawing a low moan from her sweet lips. 

"Mmmm, what's got you so worked up?" she asked as she slid her dress up, exposing her nylon covered legs. Slipping her thumbs into the waistband of her thong she slid it off and tossed it my lap. 

"That should make it easier," she teased as she reclined in the seat with her legs spread. I renewed my manipulation of her pussy, swirling my finger as it penetrated her. I could tell she was nearing orgasm as her moans became louder and louder. "Oh baby, I'm right there...oh God baby...Noooo!" she moaned as I withdrew my finger before she could cum. Slipping it between my lips I sucked her juices from it.

"I just want you horny for when we get home," I replied, a smirk evident on my face in the glow of the oncoming headlights.

"You're mean," she said, her sexual frustration evident in her tone.

"Well I assumed you were pretty well spent after the night we've had," I said.

"I was. I am," she said, "But thinking about it...it drives me a little wild. Ya' know what I mean?"

I did. I knew exactly what she meant. From the moment she stepped into the shower I had been replaying the past couple of hours in my head, which had left me in a near constant state of arousal. 

"Yeah, I know what you mean," I told her, "I play it back in my head and I get so horny I feel like I'm going to explode."

"You exploded pretty well earlier," she teased, "are you sure you'll be up for more when we get home?" Reaching into my lap she found my rock hard cock in my pants. "Well I guess that answers that."

"I keep replaying it, hoping to burn it into my mind, I don't want to forget any of it," I tell her as my hand again settles on her thigh, this time gently massaging it.

"Maybe next time we could record it?" she offered coyly.

The words caught me off guard, and I swerved a little to stay in our lane. "Next time?" I asked, "You'd be up for a next time?"

"Yeah, I think so," she replied, "as long as you were okay with it."

My mind was racing, wondering how and when it could happen again. It had all happened so unexpectedly; everything had seemed to be moving at light speed, and then it was all over. Rewinding the movie in my mind, I pushed play and let it start all over again...

We had just left dinner. The meal had been superb. Her steak had been cooked perfectly well, just the way she likes it. Though we were a little over dressed for the place, she looked amazing in her black dress. The first clue that the evening had the potential to be out of the ordinary came when she ordered a second pina colada. When we left, she wasn't drunk, but she wasn't too far from it.

"I don't want to go home yet;" she said, holding my hand as we walked to the jeep, "let's go dancing, or find a band, or something." 

A quick call home to confirm that we had our sitter until whenever we got home, and we were off. Driving around, she placed her hand in my crotch and began rubbing until my cock sprang to attention.

"Looks like someone else is as horny as I am; maybe we should find a room? Like in the old days," she purred at me.

Glancing her way I asked, "Do we get a room or look for a club?"

"Get the room, then we'll go to a club," she replied, "I'll wait in the jeep. If we go in the room first, I don't think you'll get me back out. Well you won't get me out until management throws us out for the noise complaints."

I couldn't believe my ears. My normally reserved wife had just told me she wanted to fuck me silly. Pulling into the first motel I found, I parked in front of the office. Ten minutes later I was pulling out with a key card in my pocket.

"The guy at the desk said there is a decent club three blocks up the road. He said the D-J plays a good mix of rock and hip-hop," I told her as we pulled into the flow of cars. Sure enough, the club he had described was where it should be. Finding a spot remarkably close we parked, and walked a block to the club.

There was a ten dollar cover. We paid and went in. The thumping bass assaulted us as we went through the doors. There was a horseshoe bar on the left with a few high top tables scattered in front of it. The remainder of the place was a dance floor, with a small spot for the D-J. 

Taking me by the hand she led me to a spot on the crowded dance floor. Throwing her hands over her head she began a slow grinding dance in front of me, getting close and wiggling her way down my body. Standing, she gripped the bottom of her dress and hiked it up just enough to show the tops of her stockings. My jaw dropped. My conservative wife was letting her hair down in a way I'd only fantasized about. Snapping out of my trance I put my hands on her hips and ground my pelvis back at her. We danced without breaking for about twenty minutes. 

With the end of the current song approaching she got close to me and whispered, "I'm hot, I need a drink. Bar?" Nodding my head in agreement, we left the throng of writhing bodies in search of refreshment. Finding one open stool, she sat and I ordered: a beer for me, and Malibu rum and coke for her. I watched as she killed half the glass. Matching her feat with my beer, I set it on the bar.

"You gonna' be okay tonight to enjoy the room?" I asked.

"It's my last one," she replied smiling. "The dancing seemed to sober me up some and I wasn't ready to lose my buzz yet." 

Draining the rest of my beer, I set the empty bottle on the bar.

"I gotta' use the restroom. You gonna be okay?" I asked.

Nodding her head yes, she continued nursing her drink. I turned around and surveyed the landscape, searching for the restroom sign. After a minute I saw it on the far side of the dance floor. Setting off I did my best to skirt the moving mass of bodies in my way. 

Ten minutes later, I approached the bar, bladder drained. My heart hammered as I saw a short blonde woman sitting where my wife had been. Scanning the bar she was no where to be seen. Facing the dance floor, I looked for her, expecting to see her calling me to her with a seductive pull of her finger, her hips swinging sensuously from side to side. Well, I was halfway right.

Julia was facing me, but she couldn't see me because her eyes were closed. She was swinging her hips in a side to side and circular motion, causing her ass to grind into the young guy standing behind her with his hands on her hips. I stared in disbelief as she slowly worked her dress higher on her thigh, just as she had done earlier in the jeep. I watched with a mixture of jealousy and unadulterated lust as this guys hands roamed my wife's lithe body as the music continued to pound around us. My cock throbbed when he cupped her breasts, pulling her back to him. When the song ended, her eyes opened and she saw me staring at her. Turning to look at her dance partner, she said something to him then turned and walked to me.

"Hey you," she said as her hand slid between us to my crotch while she hugged me.

Feeling my hard cock she whispered in my ear, "Just as I thought."

"Who's your friend?" I asked sliding my own hands over the firm globes of her ass, and pulling her tight to me.

"That's Sean. He saw me sitting at the bar alone and asked me if I wanted to dance," she answered, "so I figured what the heck."

"That was dancing?" I provoked her, "I have a feeling that if the song had gone any longer he would have taken you from behind right there on the dance floor."

Looking me in the eye she said, "Yeah me too...too bad the song ended, huh!"

I was floored. We talked and fantasized about a threesome more times than I could count. On more than one occasion, she had more than warmed to the idea, and we had talked about how to find the third. More often than not she would only indulge my fantasy using toys. Yet here we were in a club, where my wife of ten years had just let a stranger feel her up on the dance floor, and then told me in no uncertain terms that she wanted to fuck him.

"Are you suggesting....?" I offered, needing her to finish the thought.

"...that we invite him to our room and have the threesome we've talked about so much? Yes, that's what I was thinking, if you're up for it...which it feels that you are," she finished.

"Let's do it," I said, giving her ass a firm squeeze. She turned from me and waved him over to us.

"Sean this is my husband, Jake. Jake, this is Sean," she said making the introductions, "Jake and I were hoping you'd come back to our room with us and see where the night leads."

Sean was taller than I, easily six foot one. He looked every bit the stereotypical college man. Where I carried some extra weight, he was lean and toned. My hair was a contained mess at its best, and he looked as if he stepped from the pages of an Abercrombie ad. She obviously knew how to pick 'em. Mixed with the apprehension that she'd be concentrating all her desire on this young stud was a bit of pride in the fact that this young stud had come on to my thirty five year old wife.

"Sounds good to me," Sean said. "Lead the way."

The ride back to our motel room was short, allowing for no conversation other than our assurances to each other that we were up for what was about to go down. Pulling in to the space in front of our room, Sean's car slid in next to us. 

Opening the door I entered and placed the room key on the table in the corner of the room. I watched as Julia walked in and stood between Sean and me. After he closed the door, she turned slowly to look at me and smile before turning back to him.

"This is our first time," she offered him, an obvious nervousness in her voice, "so I'm not really sure how it should all start."

"I think you need to lose that dress first," I said.

Looking over her shoulder at me with a pouty look, she asked, "Unzip me please?"

Stepping forward, I slowly undid the zipper of her dress and stepped back, eager to see what came next.

As if dancing to a song only she could hear, Julia began moving from side to side, rolling her hips as her hands roamed her body. I watched as she slowly slipped the straps of her dress off her shoulders, letting the dress pool at her feet. Leaving her shoes behind she stepped from her dress and walked to between the beds, wearing her black thigh high nylons, her black strapless bra, and her black thong. Placing her leg on the bed she ran her hands slowly up her legs, and started to remove the nylons.

"Leave them on," Sean suggested, "you look amazing in them." I liked the way this guy thought.

Hooking her thumbs into her panties she slowly worked them over her firm ass, bending at the waist to slip them over her toned legs. 

For a thirty five year old woman, she looks unbelievable, I thought as my eyes roamed her curvaceous form.

Standing again she turned to face us, flinging her thong by my head. Reaching back she undid her bra, and tossed it at Sean. We watched as she seductively stalked towards Sean. 

Falling to her knees she trailed her hands over his chest, coming to rest at the buttons to his jeans. Reaching into his pocket Sean withdrew a few condoms and tossed them over her head onto the bed. Her fingers making quick work of the button fly, she had his pants and boxers around his ankles in seconds, his thick cock springing to attention in front of her wide eyes. His dick had to be eight inches long and at least two inches thick. 

"Oh my God," Julia gasped as it struck her on the cheek. Wrapping her hands around the base of it she gave it a few slow strokes, moaning as she felt it throb in her hands. Opening her mouth she guided him in as far as she could take it, her lips stretched to accommodate him. 

Sean let out a guttural moan as his knees buckled slightly under the attention she was paying his cock. I watched in a heightened state of excitement as my wife sucked his cock like a woman possessed. From the noise he was making I knew she was swirling her tongue around him as fast as she could while sliding her hands along his thick shaft. I could see that she could only get about half of him into her mouth, but she was working him over good, trying desperately to get more of his massive dick in her mouth. 

Relinquishing his cock from her lips she slid her mouth along his hard shaft, leaving a wet trail of saliva for her hands to use. Settling the fat head of his dick at her lips again, she began taking him in again, this time getting him about three quarters of the way in. I watched as she jerked him faster and faster all while sucking him as hard as I'd ever seen her do. About three minutes of this was all Sean could handle.

"Oh shit, I'm cumming," he yelled, after he'd sent his first spurt into her mouth. Julia moved her had away quickly, gagging. She wasn't one to take a load in her mouth.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry," Sean offered as she went to the bathroom to rinse, "I just assumed you wanted it that way." 

Sauntering over to him she stroked his softening cock a few times and kissed his cheek, "No problem, let's just make sure it doesn't happen again, okay?"

I watched as my gorgeous wife approached me wearing only her thigh high nylons, running her hands over her nude body. Standing in front of me she stared into my eyes as she undid my pants, causing them to drop around my ankles. Kneeling in front of me, she lowered my boxers and guided my steel- like dick to her parted lips.

"Ohhhh yessss," I moaned as she took me in. I stared into her eyes as she slowly slid her mouth along my cock while gently playing with my balls. She was as slow and tender with me as she was wild and fast with Sean. The image of her in front of me with another man's cock in her mouth combined with the blow job she was giving me was too much to handle.

"Baby I'm right there," I warned her.

Freeing me from her mouth she said, "I know. I want you on my tits." She stroked me four more times and I gave her what she wanted, groaning as my semen landed on her chest in splurts.

Standing, she pulled the cover from the bed behind me and wiped her chest clean. Then she leaned close to me and whispered in my ear, "Are you ready for this?"

"Are you?" I answered, kissing her just below her ear.

"Yeah," she said as she turned from me. Walking to the other bed where Sean's condoms were, she placed two of them on the nightstand and tossed one to him.

Sprawling back on the bed she asked him, "Are you ready for some more?"

I swear I saw his semi erect cock literally spring to full attention at her words. It was obvious that the reality of bedding this beautiful woman had just set into his mind, and he couldn't wait to stick his thick cock into her. Tearing open the condom he rolled it on and climbed onto the bed behind her.

"How do you want it?" he asked, slowly stroking his member.

"This will work," she answered looking over her shoulder at him, "I don't suppose you have any lube?"

"I carry the rubbers, but I don't carry lube," he replied with a chuckle.

"This wasn't something we planned either," I said as I sat on the bed across from them. The spoon position was one of our favorites, and I could she how excited she was to take this young stud in her as far as she could.

"Guess we just use spit," Julia said putting some in her hand and stroking his dick with it.

Sean lifted her right leg and guided the thick head of his dick to her wet opening then gently began to push at her when she said, "Wait, one sec." Patting the mattress she said to me, "Come here."

Climbing onto the bed with them, I laid on my side in front of her and she pulled me into a hug. Looking back to Sean she said, "Okay, go ahead."

Face to face, I watched her as another man entered her for the first time since we were married. Her lips parted and her eyes grew wide as she gasped loudly, sucking in air.

"Ungggghhh....God it feels huge," she moaned to me as her fingers dug into my back, "how much do you have in me?"

"Just about half," he replied. He ran his right hand along her thigh up to her breast and down again, "You want me to stop?"

"Yes. Take it out and put on some more spit," she moaned. "I'm excited but not enough to handle something like that with out some help." Her face relaxed as he withdrew his thick member. 

Sean slid from behind her and stood at the end of the bed. He grabbed her ankles and gently turned her to her back. I slipped from the bed and knelt along side her at her head. Sean pulled her towards the end of the bed until her heels were touching her ass at the edge.

"My girlfriend swears that the only things she loves more than my cock in her pussy is my tongue." Sean stuck it out and rolled it around.

"Holy shit!" Julia gasped. His tongue was so long that when he stuck it out he could touch the bottom of his chin with it. "Holy shit!" she repeated again as he knelt at the end of the bed between her parted legs. He placed a tender kiss on the tiny patch of hair she kept above her pussy, and then his mouth found her sex.

"OH FUCK YES!" Julia cried out. Her eyes grew wide and her mouth formed a perfect O as Sean tongue fucked her. 

I stood next to the bed slid my cock between her parted lips. She moaned around it as I slowly fucked her warm mouth. Julia grabbed at the sheets and moaned as Sean continued pleasing her with his tongue. His head moved hardly at all, but whatever he was doing had Julia in fits. She writhed and moaned on the bed crying out, "Oh my gawwdddd" when I slid my cock from her mouth. After another minute or so Sean lifted his head from her pussy.
