 To say I was depressed as my 30th birthday approached was a mild understatement, I felt as if there was so many things I had not done. I had gotten married when I was eighteen and my husband was only my second lover and also the second time I had ever had sex, the first being a quick grope when I was sixteen.

I had been really rather plump when we married and my husband had not seemed to mind very much but at the same time he didn't compliment me much and even early in our marriage he was not an exciting lover but I thought that was just the way it was and that my body did not excite him very much. I had very low self esteem and it wasn't helped by finding his Playboy magazines and by the fact he would secretly look at skinny women on the street trying to do it so I would not see. I would try to add excitement to our marriage but my husband always acted as if anything other then boring old missionary was a disgusting sin.

As time went on I felt worse about my self and I slowly gained until I got to what I weigh now, 256 at five foot seven, and then my husband started wanting me less and less till we only had sex every other Saturday night and he was working late all the time. What saved my sanity was the Internet. About two years ago I found all kinds of stuff on line where people love big women and I also found that there was a support group in my town for big women that was not a diet group. After getting on the e-mailing list and reading books for about three months strait I was starting to get very angry at my husband and at myself for letting myself be treated so poorly.

I finally decided it was time to meet other women like me so I joined the group in town and it really opened my eyes, we talked about everything, but the best thing that happened was Martha. Martha is a huge light skinned black woman who was at least five eleven and 350 pounds and carried herself like a goddess which just seemed to make people around her treat her like one. Don't ask me why but Martha took me under her wing after the first few get-togethers and we began meeting at happy hour for margaritas after work and to talk and laugh, it was there I poured out my heart about my husband and how unhappy I was.

Martha was the one who finally opened my eyes to what was going on, she pointed out that he went out of town a lot and when he did he always came back with all of his clothes cleaned by the hotel, everything. He was staying late at work, some nights till nine thirty and yet I knew that none of his co-workers worked as hard but my husband always just said he felt he had to work hard to keep up with the salary I made from my job which was very high paying, this would always make me feel so guilty. And even though I did the laundry every weekend he did have one pile of laundry he insisted on doing, his 'smelly gym clothes' which I always just thought of as his workout clothes but as I began to pay attention to the wash also included a lot of pairs of underwear.

Martha had been through a divorce, her husband had been a very rich man gotten his fortune partly because of the fact that Martha had given up collage to put him through grad school and he always swore to her that she would be able to go back to school but then he had always wanted her to be his hostess and help with his business. After thirteen years they had had three kids and every time she brought up school he had another reason for her not to go, she said that was how kids two and three happened.

Martha had one day caught him having sex with the sixteen year old babysitter while his two year slept in the next room and she had the brains to take pictures instead storming into the room. Faced with the pictures and a prison sentence he had folded like a house of cards, Martha had gotten half of everything including half of the business, she took the house and generous support for the kids.

So when I met Martha she was back in school enjoying life and having a fine time and her husband was in sex addicts anonymous. I knew that I could just divorce my husband, I would get half just on the grounds I made more and I didn't want the condo because it had bad memories for me but I wanted to catch him and I wanted to know why, so Martha helped me hire an investigator.

The investigator followed my husband and I thought it was going to be hard but in three days she called and told us she knew where he was going and that she had pictures even. Martha and I went to her office, Joyce was a fellow member of our BBW support group. As she put the pictures on the desk I spread them out, I was shocked at the pictures she showed me, not at the fact my husband was having sex with another woman, I was ready for that, it was what he was doing.

My boring missionary only "couples don't do that dear" husband was doing kinky things, very kinky things. He was being spanked by a blonde who was only maybe fifty pounds lighter then me, she was riding on top of him as if he was a pony with a bit in his mouth and most shocking of all they were going down on each other, something I had suggested which had met with a long lecture about the sanctity of marriage and not befouling it with sinful acts. I was ten times madder to see him doing all these wild things, some I had always wanted to try then I would have been if he was just fucking her, now I really wanted to catch him and humiliate him and more then ever I needed to know why he had never done these things with me.

We knew when he said that he would be staying late before leaving for work that the night had come so Martha and I went to an early happy hour and got more then a little tipsy since I needed some Irish courage to make it through the night. Finally at 7:30 Joyce stopped by the condo and picked me up, we were both too tipsy to drive. When we got there the plan was for Joyce who neither of them knew to knock and not stop till they opened the door and for us to storm the place, but being a little wasted I tried the nob first and found it unlocked. Of course I could not pass this up.

We snuck down the hall and could hear smacking noises coming from the open door, Martha and I both got out our cameras and pushed through the door taking pictures. The scene was amazing, there was my prude of a husband on his knees with his ass in the air and a shiny red ball gag in his mouth, which I might add was painted with pink lipstick which patched the frilly pink panties he was wearing perfectly. Behind him was this tarty looking woman in a corset and high heels with a Dolly Parton wig and pink strap on dildo that matched the panties. I think Martha and I must have each taken half a roll of film before the shock had ended and screaming started.

I laid into him about why he was cheating and what he was doing and why he treated me like he did, until finally he broke down and told me how his mother had drilled it into him that he must never make his wife do the disgusting things his father made her do. I should mention his mother is a freaky old woman and they have a very, very close relationship, it seems when he was growing up she use to tell him in great detail all the 'disgusting' things his father made her do and that those were the kind of things you did with 'bad' girls and never with your wife. So he had promised the old bag and I had wasted a little over ten years of my sexual life with a man who had been cheating on me the whole time. He told me the reason he married me was because I was a sweet virgin and believe me I had a great deal of fun telling him about that wild sixteen year old fuck before I met him and letting him know he was not the first.

Well to say the least I got the condo, half the rest of the assets and a broken heart and he got the pictures. I sold the condo for a nice little house and worked on getting over the broken heart. Over the next year I went to a few BBW dances with Martha and I even had a fling that lasted a little over a month which unfortunately was not very exciting, and a couple one night stands which were quite a bit more exciting but I always felt sort of guilty afterwards, I got to do some of the things I wanted to try all those years.

I just couldn't seem to find my 'Wild Woman' as Martha put it, she would play me this song called 'Wild Women Don't Get the Blues' and tell me I had to get in touch with that part of me and learn to be a sexual diva. Martha was definitely a sexual diva, even at her size she had men lusting after her all the time, all kinds of men, when we went to an event they swarmed like flies and it wasn't just her size but her attitude one of them told me. She told me that the trick was to be absolutely sure that you are sexy even if it is just to one person and that what I really needed was to have my body worshiped totally to see how desirable I am.

Well that brings me to the day of my 30th birthday, I took a weeks vacation and the day before my birthday Martha gave me a day spa visit and she and I were totally spoiled from head to toe. I then splurged and paid a lot to have a fabulous stylist cut and highlight my dark blond hair and decided that from now on this was one expense I was going to make room for. I was feeling and looking fabulous and we spent the evening dining out and having fun but I couldn't figure out why we were doing this the night before my birthday. Martha said that she had planned a party at a big hotel suite the next day and all I had to do was look beautiful and show up at eight o clock ready to enjoy the best night of my life and that she would leave the info on my answering machine tomorrow.

I got ready the next day and put on a sexy dress and my new sexy lingerie that Martha had talked me into buying including a garter belt and stockings and high heel shoes, I did my make up perfect and grabbed my purse and headed out the door with the directions I had gotten at seven o' clock. I was kind of surprised when I pulled up in front of the big ornate building called Anniversary Inn, I knew they did large expensive theme rooms for romantic getaways but I did not know they rented out rooms for parties. I just shrugged my shoulders and went in and headed for the third floor and what I now realized was the Sleeping Beauty Suite at the end of the hall, I knew from having seen the web site that this was the fanciest of all the rooms.

As I neared I couldn't hear any noise and I saw a note on the door with my name on it, I took it off and unfolded it.

"Claire, it is time to find your wild woman, remember that wild woman list we made where you listed down all those things you wanted to do and never did? Well behind this door is your chance to check off most of those things from your list, you don't have to do anything you don't want to. You can go in and appease your curiosity and then leave if you want or you can stay the room is payed for for two days so you don't have to leave anytime tomorrow.

Love Martha"

I stared at the note and began to shake as I thought of the things on the list and just how well I knew Martha could probably come through with what she said, I began to turn around to leave when I caught site of myself in a hallway mirror. I looked totally different then when I had been married to my husband, I had beautiful clothing and perfect hair, my make up was perfect but more then that I stood totally different, I did not look defeated and there was a gleam in my eye and when I looked myself in the eyes I knew I would not leave.

I grasped the door handle and opened the door, I could hear the soft sound music filling the room and it smelled wonderfully of roses and other flowers. Everything was shades white, cream, peach and gold and made to look like a fairytale castle with a turret and I could hear water running and see that there was a grotto full of live plants and a hot tub big enough for six with a waterfall. As I moved farther into the room I saw that the bed was immense, one of the largest I had ever seen and raises up on a dias, it was covered with gold colored satin and had lots of pillows and the head board was ornate gold color iron work. There were chaise lounges scattered around the room and one wall off to the side was made up entirely of mirrors.

I stood in the middle and was startled when I heard a throat clear behind me. I turned quickly and saw two of the most beautiful young men I had ever seen before, one of them looked vaguely familiar and I thought I may have seen him dancing with Martha at the last dance I had gone to her with. They both looked to be maybe twenty-one and I would guess they had to be football players because they were both so wonderfully muscled and strong looking.

The young man who had cleared his throat was the one from the dance stepped forward and said in the most charming southern accent, "Miss Claire, Miss Martha asked us to be your gift, ummm that is there is nothing in the world that would please Matthew and me more than if you would let us fulfil your fantasies. My name is Chris and I saw you at that last dance and ma'me I honestly think you are truly beautiful and deserve to a wonderful birthday." Chris seem to run out of steam as if he didn't know how to go on and even though he was nearly a foot taller then me and finely muscled probably weighing 240 pounds I felt kind of protective towards him. He was truly stunning, six five if he was an inch and all muscles, he had the clean cut all American farm boy looks with light brown hair and soft gray eyes in the kindest of faces, I would later learn that kind face was terrifying on a football field.

Matthew spoke up as well, where Chris' voice had been soft Matthew's voice was a deep sexy rumble that vibrated through my body. "Ma'me, Chris knows I love big beautiful ladies and when he described you to me I thought he was exaggerating how sexy you are but I see he isn't, I would love to make any of your fantasies come true for you, I can't think of anything better." The thought of Matthew touching me was making me wet already, he was an inch or so shorter then Chris but he was much more muscular and his hands were huge. He was also very black with dark satiny brown skin that seemed to be poured like satin over his bulging muscles.

Both boys were wearing khakis and tight fitting polo shirts with short sleeves that strained to cover their arms and didn't do a very good job of it. Martha sure knew what I liked. It didn't take more then a second to look in their beautiful eyes and see that these boys were not lying, they were looking at me with honest desire. These sexy men who I was sure could have just about any woman on campus wanted to please a 30 year old fat chick.

I took a step back and for a second they looked a little disappointed until I lifted my arms a little and said, "You have convinced me gentlemen, I put myself in your hands." And in their hands I was right away. Both of them started to touch me carefully as if I might break, they both kissed me and it was interesting to feel the difference in their kisses. As Chris stood in front of me kissing me Matt got behind me and began to undo my dress and let it fall to the floor. I held my breath as it began to fall, they might like the idea of me but would they like the way I look without my dress? The sigh they both let out at the sight of my corset, thong and garter with stockings was one of the sexiest and most reassuring sounds I had ever heard. They both made comments about how sexy I looked and couldn't keep their hands off me or my corset or my double D chest.

I decided I better take charge a little so I asked them to both strip and they did without a moments hesitation, I later realized that the reason they were so comfortable in the nude around each other was four years of locker rooms. Both of them wear amazing, young gods.

Chris was more delicately sculptured all over then Matt and this included his cock which was very large but more finely shaped, it was at least nine and a half inches long and kind of thick but tapered at the head like a bevel. It had the slightest curve and the idea of where that curve would hit inside me was interesting to imagine. I had never seen a cock so long in person.

Matt was stout and muscular, built like I imagine a grizzly bear would be if it was suddenly made human, his body was wonderful to see move and like his body his cock was stout and thick. It was maybe seven inches and it was the fattest cock I had ever seen, I knew there was no way I could circle the fingers from one hand around it or even close.

Right there Martha had filled in so many of the things from my list, two men, a very young man, a black man, a long cock, a thick cock, a muscular man. If this night played out I would be a true wild woman.

I wasn't sure how to start this and I had two beautiful young men waiting for me to decide what to do and I had no doubt I had less experience then either of them, so I decided to let one of them lead the way. I choice a number in my head, 3, yes it was easy to figure out where that came from, and then told the guys to each pick a number from 1 to 10.

Matt picked 2 and Chris picked 7 so I looked at Matt and told him, "It was 3, you win, you get to choose what you do to me and you get to tell Chris what he can do to me to start with, anything you want at all." Another fantasy, being in someone else's control and having to do what they say.

Matt walked up to me and in the most shocking move swept me off my feet, I now realize for a guy who bench presses 600 pounds or more that my 256 pounds wasn't much but it shocked me and damn near made me cum since it was one of my other fantasies, being carried, I know it sounds weird, but it is a fat chick thing. Matt carried me over to one of the chaise lounges near the mirrors and set me so I could watch myself and then he got on his knees in front of me and told Chris to get behind me and play with my hair and make sure I kept my eyes on the mirrors. Matt said he was going to go down on me and he wanted Chris to tell me how sexy and wild I looked as I got all turned on and to not let me look away or close my eyes because he wanted me to realize what a sexy woman I was. I was very frightened of this idea, it had only been in the last year that I could stand in front of the mirror naked and touch my body at all and this young man wanted me to watch myself cum?

I watched the mirror and saw Matt's muscular backside as he crawled between my legs and I felt Chris behind me and his hands on my hair and shoulders and his hard cock against my back then I felt Matt begin to open my pussy lips. I stared at my self in the mirror as I felt Matt's tongue lap up and down all over my pussy from near my ass to the top of above my clit as if he were cleaning it and I could see my reflection squirm like a naughty school girl. I saw my nipples swell as my breasts flushed and I watched the hands stroke my pale shoulders, I saw the dark black head against my ivory white skin and I saw my red tipped fingers against the back of Matt's head pushing him deeper. I watched myself as I wiggled and I heard myself sigh and moan as Matt's large tongue found my clit and circled it again and again.

I began to hear Chris' quite words through my passion and they made me even more insane.

"Look at yourself Claire you are crazy for that pussy lickin', you are squirmin' like a slut you can't sit still you nasty thing, what a wild little tramp you are all wet and horny. Look at those big fat juicy nipples of yours just beggin' to be sucked by a hot stud like me, you look so sexy you know you want it, you are panting for it. You are all flushed and beautiful I want to taste you when he is done and then I want to kiss you so you can see how wonderful you taste. Claire you are so hot, can you feel how hot you make me? I love seeing you squirm like a slut in heat, I want to put my cock in you and make you squirm like that and see your beautiful face as you cum." Chris' voice never lost its soft southern charm even as it got sexy and a little nasty. The feel of his long cock touching my back above the corset was hot and wonderful.
