 For almost two years she had been talking of picking up a random guy to fuck while I watch, it usually plays into our sex life with the use of a variety of toys. My baby girl's birthday was quickly approaching, I really wanted to make this a special one. I placed a ad on Craig's list, and began meeting with potential participants, taking their information if they had met all the criteria. I don't think I had viewed so many dick pics in all my life. Thirty respondents, narrowed down to ten, such hard choices.

It was the night of her birthday, I had gotten a suite at the local Hilton, complete with a huge Jacuzzi. I had gone to the room about a few hours before her, filling the Jacuzzi, lighting dozens of candles, spreading a trail of rose petals from the door to the Jacuzzi room. Isn't it amazing how fast time goes, when your rushing. Shit, thirty five minutes to go, the surprise gift hasn't arrived yet. Good thing I planned for a no show, and had a back up plan. I begin to lay out an assortment of toys, the Hitachi, a small dildo, a few butt plugs ranging from small to large stretching one, her favorite ten inch long, thick, all around huge dildo. Toys..check, Rose petals..check, Jacuzzi filled with warm water..check, candles lit..check. 

Twenty minutes to go, still no surprise gift, then a knock on the door. Upon opening, I am utterly surprised, it is my back up plan, I invite him in, pour a glass of wine as I thank him for coming, I guide him to the Jacuzzi, he begins to strip, I can't help but admire my second pick, he's a muscular, tall, well tanned, as he drops his pants to get into the Jacuzzi, I notice no tan lines, a fake and baker, I thought so, he turns towards me, I can say, the dick pic did no justice for him, he is huge, even soft. Shit, did I just lick my lips? Then it strikes me, this is my back up plan pick, I quickly check my phone, I never text him. Another knock at the door, dam it, is she here already? 

Quickly opening the door, only to realize that it is my first pick, twenty minutes to spare, nothing like an agreed time. I once again pour him a glass a wine, while graciously thanking him for taking part in my baby girl's birthday surprise, explaining a slight change to the original plans, guiding him into the Jacuzzi room. "It will definitely be a party," he says, smiling. This brunette is as tall as the second pick, more muscularly defined than the second pick, equally as tan, while he strips for the Jacuzzi, I secretly inspect my choice. His jeans drop to the floor, a natural looking tan, I 'm guessing from the tan lines. As he steps towards the Jacuzzi, his large, meaty cock dangles in front of him, holy hell, another case of photographs not doing justice. 

I begin dimming the lights in the suite, letting the candle light take over. Checking my phone again, seven o'clock on the dot, she should be here any moment, I pour her a glass of wine, anxiously awaiting her arrival. Seven ten, finally a text from my baby girl, she is in the lobby, I give her the room number, I figured if I needed a delay, it would be best to keep the room number a secret. Quickly, I refill the guest's drinks.

Grabbing her drink, I quickly make my way to the door when I hear the faint knock. My jaw nearly hits the floor when I open it, she is truly a goddess, her hair beautifully done, her make up flawless, her red dress hugging all of her curves, the neck line is cut so low her breasts are almost spilling out, the dress is so short, it is barely containing her swaying ass, her mid calf riding boots accenting her calves. 

I compliment her on her appearance, and wish her a happy birthday, inviting her into the dimly lit suite, handing her the wine glass, wow my hands are almost shaking with excitement, knowing she has no idea of her gift, well gifts. Entering further into the suite she nods approvingly, smiling when she sees the trail of rose petals that lead into the Jacuzzi room. Finishing her glass of wine, she sets the glass down beside the toys, sitting on the edge of the bed, she runs her fingers over the toys.

"I see you came prepared tonight," if she only knew, I thought. I offer to get her a refill. She says yes to a refill, 

I start to walk away, she calls me back, "Since tonight is my birthday, I want to be served nude, now strip." 

Weirdly, I am hesitant.

"Strip now!," she says more authoritatively.

Slowly I strip, after all, there are two nude, well hung men in the next room. I take her glass, and get her a refill, while trying to coax her into the Jacuzzi.

"Here you are serving me, nude I may add, and your going to rush me into the Jacuzzi?" she asks.

"Of course I am not rushing you," I reply, adding a almost toying "Ma'am."

"Ma'am is absolutely correct tonight, it is my birthday, my rules, now get your ass over my lap," she says, with absolutely no jesting in her tone.

I lay across her lap, the dress's silky material immediately caressing my cock to an instant hardness.

"Good boy," she softly says in a soft, gentle voice. Running her nails down my back, across my ass, down my thighs. Leaning over me until her breasts crush against my back, she pushes my farthest leg towards the floor, hooking me over her knee. Her nails caress my bare back, over my ass, this time pausing, tracing circles on the back of my balls, then down along my inner thigh. Shifting her leg under my rock hard cock, intentionally caressing it through the silky dress,

"Someone likes this, doesn't he," she says in a softer voice.

"Yes Ma'am," I reply in a low voice. 

My mind was swimming in the thoughts of her birthday surprise, the silky teasing of my cock, feeling a dampness growing from my leaking cock, her nails teasing my ass lightly. That's when the sudden shock grasped me, the pressure from the tip of her medium sized butt plug pressing against my asshole, I tried to wriggle away, her leg locked mine tighter, she leaned over me, once again pinning me down to her lap, managing to make me contort to being ass arched high. She pushed the plug deeper into my ass, part of me wanted to yell, and the other part wanted to cum all over her. She patted the plug a few times, then pressed it firmly into place.

"Now I am ready for the Jacuzzi ass slut," she said, standing so quickly, I slid off her lap onto the floor before her, ass stuffed, my cock raging hard, throbbing, drooling pre cum. 

She walks toward the Jacuzzi room, stopping to strip off her dress, no bra, no panties, her bare pussy gleaming from a visible wetness. 

Reaching back, she grasps me by my rock hard cock. "Lets go whore!" she commanded.

Opening the door to the Jacuzzi room, she is greeted by her gifts, "Happy Birthday," they shout in unison. 

Her grasp tightens so hard around my cock, I could have shot off right then. Her face is lightly flushed, she partially moves to cover herself from the moment of shock. She turns towards me, kissing me deeply, giving my cock a slight tug. "Just what I always wanted, a blonde, and a brunette," she says with a giggle.

"It looks like I really got my Birthday wishes this year, I got you two, and a personal ass slut servant," she says, punctuating with a giggle. 

Using my cock like a leash, she rotates me, ass towards the guests, my face must be pinker than the plug she stuffed into my ass. 

"Bend over slut", spreading my ass cheeks, giving them a view of my stuffed ass. "Look at that, and he is still this hard," she says to her gifts. 

Releasing my cock to step into the Jacuzzi between the two of them. "More wine whore," she commands, finally easing herself into the oversized Jacuzzi. I grab the glasses, and head towards the bar area to refill the three glasses. 

Obviously, they had wasted no time with introductions, I enter the room, setting the wine glasses by the respective owners. The blonde sucking her left nipple, his hand cupping her full breast, the brunette sucking her right nipple, mimicking the blonde, cupping her breast. Her hands beneath the water, stroking their cocks, god even underwater, they looked huge. The blonde is working her clit, the brunette is plunging two fingers into her pussy. Her head tilted back against the tiled tub, biting her lower lip. 

I step to enter the Jacuzzi, her eyes flutter open, "No ass sluts allowed!" she says harshly. 

Standing, watching, as the two gifts put their hands together underwater, pushing two separate fingers into her bare pussy, she arches against their probing, thrusting fingers. They continue cupping her breasts, her nipples are so hard. Each alternating sucking at the sides of her neck, while the other kisses her deeply, passionately. I can see their long, velvety tongues entwining. Her moans begin, she must be on the brink of orgasm. Their fingers thrusting faster, harder, deeper. The kisses mimicking their fingering, deeper, harder, more passionately, as if a sudden urgency. She begins to shake, arms hooking behind their necks, her hips bucking violently, arching against their thrusting fingers.

She breaks the kiss, "Bedroom boys," she says to them. "Towels ass slut," she says to me. I grab three towels, handing the blonde, and the brunette each one, and begin drying her off. 

"Don't be rude to our guests, dry them off," she commands. I move from drying her, to drying them. 

"Enough," she says, her ass swaying side to side, as she leads us to the bedroom. Crawling onto the bed, she playfully shakes her ass at us, the blonde, and brunette climb onto the bed. I sit in the over sized chair, suddenly reminded of my stuffed ass. Smearing the pre cum along my hard cock, wrapping my fingers around my cock, slowly pumping at my hardness, watching the brunette feed his long, thick hard cock into my baby girl's crimson painted lips, running my fingertips around the plug in my ass, as the blonde eagerly laps at my baby girl's wet pussy, spreading her bare pussy lips, I press my plug deeper, seeing her wetness glisten between his long licks, and deep tonguing. Her hips buck at the probing tongue, her head bobbing faster, taking the brunette's cock deeper, her moans muffled by his thick cock.

"Fill me, please fill me" she almost begs the two, breaking from sucking the thick cock, a strand of saliva hangs from the meaty cock, and her cock hungry mouth. 

The blonde moves towards the center of the bed, on his back, his thick, raging cock juts upwards. Oh god, I almost cum just seeing her pre cum slick lips, and glistening cunt. She straddles his hips, he grasps the base of his cock, aiming it towards her pink, wet pussy. She bites her lips slowly lowering her hips down to meet his, from this angle I can see her pussy spreading, stretching around the meaty shaft, she raises her hips leaving a glistening trail of wetness along his cock, before she thrusts down harder, driving him deeper into her wetness, droplets of her juices flow down his cock with every thrust. The brunette moves behind her, straddling the blondes legs, rubbing his saliva slick cock along her ass, he licks two fingers, trailing saliva across her tight asshole, pressing both slick digits into her slowly stretching ass, her hips buck against his fingers. He slips his fingers from her wet, slick ass, smiling he presses his large cock head against her asshole, holding her hips, pulling her down onto the blonde's cock, the head of his cock slowly spreads her ass, arching against her, his cock slowly begins disappearing inch by inch. Rubbing my cock harder, I move to watch as his cock spreads her, both cocks filling her completely, deeply. 

I move to her face, lean closer, whispering, "Happy Birthday," into her ear. She moans, speaking nearly inaudibly in response, both cocks pounding away into her. She begins visibly shaking, I move back to watch the thick cocks continue to drill her holes, her hips arch up driving the brunette's cock deeper into her ass, momentarily leaving her pussy empty, then she begins to erupt, blasting the blonde with her juices, I grin, knowing my baby girl is a squirter once she is really going. The blonde moves around suddenly startled, regrouping, grabs her hips, and begins pounding his cock wildly into her dripping wet pussy. Slowing his strokes, his hand taps the brunette's hand, they both slowly withdraw their cocks from her visibly well fucked orifices. 

The brunette aims his cock towards her wet, swollen pussy, he then presses the blonde's cock against his, the blonde grasps her hips pulling her into the two cocks, with a slight force both cock heads are in her wet pussy, spreading her, slowly the two arch into her, filling her pussy completely, she begins moaning wildly as the two thick cocks begin to pound away, I can see her stretched pussy spasm, and spray around the two cocks. They begin fucking faster, slipping sync, first the blondes legs tighten, arching deeply into her, his hands grabbing firmly onto her hips, filling her with jet after jet of his searing cum. The brunette isn't to far behind him, his ass tightens, the muscles in his chest and back tighten, he thrusts deeply, holding her hips as he begins filling her with his hot dense load. Slowly the brunette eases from her well fucked, glistening pussy, she rolls off the blonde, her pussy is swollen, slick with her juices, visibly very full of cum.

"I haven't forgotten about you ass slut, come here it is your turn," she says softly. 

I move over her, kissing her deeply, I can still taste the salty, pre cum on her lips, another first of the evening for us, I kiss her deeper. I run my very hard cock along her swollen wet pussy, pressing the head of my cock against her slick cunt, she stops me, "Not so fast", she presses my head down, licking the beads of sweat on her neck, licking at her nipples, arching my back more, must feel her wetness, she continues to press my head downward, holding the sides of my face, I am now eye to eye with her freshly fucked, cum filled pussy. 

"Lick," is all she said, pulling my head forward. 

"It is her Birthday", is all I could think. 

I begin licking at her swollen lips, thrusting my tongue into her cum filled pussy, lapping, sucking at the mixed fuck juices, she lets out a muffled moan, I look up she is sucking hungrily on the blondes cock, resurrecting him to new found hardness, she begins bucking against my mouth, tiny torrents of her juices spurt from her spasming, squirting pussy, filling my mouth with her juices, and theirs. Hungrily I lap at her pussy, looking up, the blonde is gone, now the brunette is pumping his thick, long cock into her mouth. The brunette moves away, his cock raging hard. "Fuck my mouth, while you eat me," she says devilishly. I move to my hands, and knees lowering my mouth to her very hard clit, arching my ass, "her hot, velvety mouth feels so good," is all I can think, as she hungrily sucks at the head of my cock. 

She begins to toy with the plug deep in my ass, "Oh god at this rate, I'm going to cum in a second," is all I can think.

She pops the plug out, almost putting me over the edge. Slowly pressing two slick fingers into my ass, I begin to suck harder at her clit. The brunette lifts her legs, places his cock inches from my mouth slowly sliding his cock into her, I softly suck at her clit, watching the thick, long cock spread her pussy inches from my face. She slowly withdraws her fingers from me, pushing my hips upward, pressing my very hard, slick cock, between her tits. I lick her clit, daring myself to lick the juices from the invading cock in front of my face. My licks becoming longer, inching closer, and closer, to her spread wetness, and the thick cock in front of me. I feel her fingers center back onto my ass again, making my ass wetter, she again withdraws. Her hips arch, juices again spraying the cock before me, I lap at the juices, sucking the wetness. 

Arching my hips, it feels like she trying for three fingers now, I concentrate on her clit, sucking it hard, nibbling at the erect nub. Her fingers press against my gaping ass, slowly spreading me wider, I push back against her, that's when I feel hands grasp my hips, I try to raise my head to look back, the brunette pushes my face back down to her clit, the blonde's hands grasp my ass cheeks spreading me wider, I feel the head of his cock push into me, I gasp, I can hear my baby girl sucking at the blondes balls, as he inches deeper into me. I try to protest, only moans, and groans escape my mouth onto her clit, I try to buck my hips away from the stretching, filling cock. The blonde only chuckles, and begins fucking me, with long, hard, strokes, my protests are unheard, my cock oozes gobs of pre cum all over my baby girls tits. I arch back into the blonde, I begin fucking my cock between her tits fiercely, pre cum oozing uncontrollably, dripping all over. The brunette pounding her pussy hard, and fast. I arch, back further, finally cumming hard, uncontrollably, all over my baby girl's face. The brunette grunts, yanking his cock from her spasming cunt, grabbing my head, holding my head in place as he shoots his second load of the night, all over my face, smearing his oozing cock all over my face. The blonde starts driving faster, and harder into my ass, finally I feel his cock begin to swell, his thrusts slow, suddenly un rhythmically, thrusting deeply, filling me completely with his thick cock, I feel him begin to pulse, then his searing cum begins to spurt, its so hot, so dense feeling, so much, filling me with his hot cum. He eases his cock from my gaping, dripping ass, I collapse on my baby girl, I can feel my cock still pulsating, dribbling cum all over her tits, my ass leaking the blondes cum, down along my balls, pooling into her cleavage, towards her neck, my face, feels like a glazed doughnut, between her and the blonde. She arches, causing me to roll over onto the bed.

She stands, walking towards the blonde, reaching caressing his cock, "I will give you a moment to catch your breath", she says moving out of my sight. 

I roll back onto my stomach, closing my eyes momentarily, arching my back, the brunette still dripping out of me. I feel baby girl's nails caressing my back, down my ribs, over my ass, "Mmmm , I love her nails on my flesh." 

She pushes me flat, straddling my legs, her hands spreading my ass cheeks, she inches up my legs, I can feel her long, thick, hard, pink latex strap on bouncing off my thighs. The bulbous head slowly pushes into my ass, stretching me wider than the blonde's cock, leaning over me, she bites my neck, as she arches her hips, pushing the think pink beast deeper into my ass. I feel her length filling me, forcing the blonde's cum to ooze out even more. I feel the bed shift with more weight, looking back I see the brunette straddling my legs, easing behind her, she eases her cock almost out, thrusting deeper, the brunette thrusts his cock into her wet, swollen, well fucked pussy. He begins thrusting deep, and hard into her, causing her to thrust deep, and hard into me. The harder he drives, the harder she drives, her teeth sink deeper, I feel her shuddering, her pussy erupting, soaking my thighs. She moans loudly as the brunette pounds her pussy mercilessly, my cock is rock hard. The thrusts become harder, and faster, he grunts, once against spurting his cum deep into her soaked pussy. She rolls off me, the pink latex cock pops violently from my ass, she lay on the back, legs splayed wide, cum leaking from her swollen, wet, bare pussy, I quickly scramble between her legs, thrust my cock into her wet, cum filled pussy. Thrusting deep, and hard, sucking at her rock hard nipples as I feverishly thrust into her, the sounds of her wet cunt fill my ears, the scent of sex filling the room. Thrusting deeper, feeling my hard cock begin to pulse, firing spurt after spurt into her well fucked pussy.