 For some time now, my wife has had an on-going fantasy of being fucked by me while sucking another guy’s dick. This scenario usually comes up while we are having sex and Sheila, my wife, gets really worked up. She starts talking really dirty and telling me how much she would love to have both of her holes, her mouth and her cunt, fucked at the same time. Hearing her talk like that always sends me over the edge and I cum hard and fast.

I never really thought she would go for her fantasy outright, so I decided to set something up so once she was there, Sheila wouldn’t have a choice. Finding someone to “volunteer” their cock would be no problem at all. My wife is gorgeous and I have always been the envy of my male friends. Sheila has long, straight blonde hair which she usually has pulled back in a ponytail. Her tits are small and firm and her nipples are perpetualy hard, which turns a plain t-shirt into a masterpiece. Her sex drive is endless and I have never known her to say no to one of my “ideas”. Even after ten years of marriage, our sex life was as hot, if not hotter than it was while we were dating. Even so, I was about to turn up the heat. 

On the afternoon of our 10th anniversary, I sent my wife a dozen red roses and a card with a special message. The card said to be on our bed at 8pm wearing nothing but a red garter belt and black stockings and to be sure and “shave”. I threw that last part in there as an afterthought. I love the way her pussy lips feel just after she has shaved them, all smooth and slippery. I get hard just at the thought of running my tongue over them. Anyway, I knew that Sheila would be totally turned on by the time I got home and I couldn’t wait. So, after work, I picked up my friend Rick, the “volunteer”, and we headed to my house.

We quietly let ourselves in the back door and I motioned for Rick to stay in the kitchen until I was ready. I could see Rick’s bulge through his pants and I laughed and told him to be patient. On the way to our room, I stopped in the hallway and pulled one of the roses that I had sent Sheila, out of the vase she had put them in. The door to our bedroom was open and I stood there a moment admiring the image of my beautiful wife lying on our bed. Her blonde hair was fanned out across the pillow and her hands were resting peacefully on her flat stomach, rising and falling with each breath. Her eyes were closed as I approached the bed and I could tell that she had fallen asleep while waiting for me. I took the rose and gently rubbed the fragrant petals across her hard nipples. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled, holding her hand out to me.

I reached into my pants pocket and pulled out a long, black blindfold. Sheila’s eyes searched mine, silently questioning what I had in mind. Without saying a word, I leaned over the bed and tied the blindfold firmly around her eyes. I whispered into her ear to trust me and just enjoy. Her body trembled with anticipation. I told her to relax and that I would be right back. I went into the kitchen and motioned Rick to follow me into the bedroom. I pointed to a large armchair in the corner of the bedroom and Rick went and quietly sat down, his eyes never leaving my wife.

I undressed and lay down on the bed next to my wife. I stroked her body softly, starting at her sensitive neck and working my way down to her long legs, admiring the way they looked in the black stockings, perfect. I soon replaced my hands with my lips, taking a hard nipple between my teeth and flicking my tongue over it. Sheila responded with a throaty moan. She was so turned on already that her hips were moving in little circles on the bed. I continued my assault on her nipples, going back and forth between each one, sucking hard and then blowing softly, making her squirm. I left her tits and thrust my tongue into her hot, sweet mouth. She immediately started to suck on my tongue and I slipped my fingers into the warm folds of her pussy. God, she was so wet! She thrust her hips up to meet my touch and I shoved three fingers into her tight little hole. She came instantly. I released my hold on her mouth and glanced over to see Rick slowly stroking his stiff prick.

It was show time. I told Sheila to get on all fours and move to the edge of the bed. She quickly followed my command. I dropped to my knees behind her and started licking the sweet pussy juice from her thighs. I ran my tongue from her hole to her clit while my hands massaged her firm ass. She was moaning and begging me to fuck her. She told me she wanted my big hard cock to fuck her wet pussy. She kept reaching under herself to play with her clit while I fucked her cunt with my tongue. I gave her one last lick and replaced my tongue with my cock. I eased the large tip into her pulsing cunt as slowly as I could. With one hand on her hip and the other wrapped in her long hair, I pulled her head back and shoved my cock all the way home. As I pounded her tight pussy with my meat, I nodded my head at a now naked Rick, to take his place by Sheila’s head.

I told Sheila that her fantasy was about to come true, and when she started to question me, Rick touched the tip of his cock to her lips. Because she was blindfolded, she didn’t know who it was and I wanted to keep it that way. At first, she pretended to protest, but I knew she was too excited to pass up this chance of acting out her fantasy. She eagerly took Rick’s cock into her mouth and sucked like I have never seen her suck before. I slowed down my rhythm so I could watch Sheila work her magic. She ran her tongue around the tip of Rick’s cock, then up and down the shaft. She flicked the tip of her tongue against his piss hole and gently squeezed his balls with one hand. Rick had his hands on her tits, rolling her nipples between his fingers, his eyes fixed on my wife’s mouth engulfing his cock.

At the same time, Rick and I picked up the pace and my wife’s fantasy was finally fulfilled. Both of her holes were being fucked at the same time. Rick was now holding Sheila’s head in his hands and pumping his cock in and out of her mouth, while I slammed her pussy as hard as I could. With her mouth full of cock, she kept begging us to cum and telling Rick how wonderful his cock tasted. That’s all it took for us. Rick shot his load into my wife’s mouth and she sucked down every last drop. I took my pulsing cock out of her pussy and squirted my cum all over her ass. Still sucking on Rick’s cock, Sheila reached behind and rubbed my cum all over her ass. I have never seen my wife so turned on. She was totally on fire. I had lost track of how many times she had cum, but she was begging for more.

I asked her if she would like to fuck the cock that she had just sucked off. I had not planned this part, but if my wife was willing, then I had no problem watching her get fucked by my best friend. Her answer was to release her hold on Rick’s cock, roll over onto her back and spread her legs. She parted her pussy lips with one hand and slipped a finger from her other hand into her dripping hole. She made small circles with her finger, showing off her beautiful cunt for her fantasy stranger. Rick was stroking his cock back to life and I sat down on the bed next to Sheila and licked and sucked her tits. She was begging Rick to fuck her, telling him she wanted to feel his big cock in her hot pussy. Rick kneeled between her legs and moved her fingers aside to make room for his eight inches. He wasted no time and entered her fast and hard. Sheila began to cum immediately. She was thrusting her hips up against his cock as fast as Rick was thrusting his cock into her cunt. I watched, amazed, as his glistening cock went in and out of my wife’s pussy. I reached down and rubbed her clit with the tip of my finger. This sent Sheila into a cumming frenzy. I gently kissed her mouth, dipping my tongue inside and whispering how beautiful she looked being fucked by another man.

Unable to hold back any longer, Rick took his cock out and came all over Sheila’s bald pussy. She reached down and rubbed his cum around her clit and pussy lips. She tried to remove her blindfold and I told her no, that she would ruin the fantasy if she actually knew who her mystery lover was. She reluctantly agreed. My motives for Sheila not knowing were purely selfish. I wanted to see how she acted and what would happen the next time our group of friends got together for dinner. She would have to endure the wonder and a little embarrassment of socializing with our friends, not knowing which one she had sucked and fucked. I couldn’t wait!

Rick and I got dressed and after giving Sheila a quick kiss goodbye, I took Rick home. When I got back, Sheila had showered and changed into her favorite sweats and a t-shirt. She was curled up on our bed asleep, with a small, contented grin on her beautiful face. I couldn’t wait to hear what her next fantasy was going to be.