 -1-

"How about you forget about my itty-bitty little episode of speeding and I'll give you a really good cum-swallowing blowjob?" The pretty blonde girl in the white jeep cheerfully suggested. She was leaning out her window, looking up with a smile.

Officer Bannister adjusted his tinted sunglasses thoughtfully, a little surprised. 

"Good-looking girl," Bannister thought with a pleasant appraisal. 

Such a pretty girl offering a road-side cock-sucking-and load-swallowing didn't come along every shift, that's for sure. He hoisted his state-issue policeman's belt up authoritatively and tried to keep a stern face. He liked this game; and could use a good, sloppy blowjob right now. Especially from a girl so cute and friendly.

"We can hop right in your cruiser! I'll suck your cock and drain your balls in my mouth and we can preten-"

"Ma'am, offering sexual favors or bribes to a policeman in the state of Rhode Island is illegal and can often carry the penalties of significant jail-time and fines up t-"

"C'mon! It'll be fun..when was the last time you had a 19 year-old girl suck your dick? I give really good throatjobs... and I swallow! It can be our little secret. You get a bee-jay and I get off with just a warning! Puh-leeeez?" 

The cute blonde girl wasn't shy in the least. And she was definitely a young one. Officer Bannister leaned forward, considering. Whooo, she was fine.

"Here! You can check out my license and stuff to see I'm not some totally psychotic spaz with an arrest warrant or something! I'm just in a rush to pick up my friend Jordan." 

The girl leaned over the passenger's side and flipped open her glove-box, snatching out her registration, insurance card, and a small, glittery photo-ID card of some sort. She had pretty, light-yellow polish speckled on her nails.

Officer Bannister took this opportunity while she leaned over to give her soft, round teenage body a good, thorough once-over with his eyes. She was wearing small white shorts that barely contained her full, delicious ass. It looked so creamy. Her cute little butt-crack was peeking out over the top of her shorts. She had a very nicely shaped ass, indeed.

"Only a teenage girl can have an ass like that," Bannister reflected to himself. Whew. Her nail polish-matching yellow tank-top stopped 4 or 5 inches above her waist-line and while she briefly leaned over this allowed a terrific view of almost half her butt-crack, back and soft stomach. On the front of her tank-top was the phrase "I Swallow," written in a large, bubbly font. There were a glistening, inviting red pair of female lips opened in a hungry blowjob-craving "O" illustrated below the suggestive phrase. Officer Bannister felt the beginnings of a raging erection. And he wanted this sweet little biscuit to suck his growing meat dry for him.

"See, here's my stuff! I'm just on my way to pick up my friend Jordan on Grant Street for the Bridgeport Fair; we're both working in the Blowjob Booth this afternoon, starting at noon. Tons of cock to suck!" 

She passed the officer her papers enthusiastically, and the sparkly card, as well. "And you get to be my first blow-jay of the day...what a treat! That's why I was kinda speeding, we gotta get there a little early to get organized and stuff." She flipped her adorable, long blonde hair over her shoulder with one hand and looked up, expectantly. Her talkativeness was cute, and Officer Bannister's bulge in his trousers grew prominent.

"Blowjob Booth? They still do those around here? Wow, you're young to be sucking cock at The Booth. I hadn't heard anything about the BJ Booth since the mid-90's, I think. Back when Teagan Rousseau used to suck cock for the fair." 

Officer Bannnister turned the bright, glittery card over and read "Blowjob Booth Employee Kristi." Below was a small, amusing cartoon of a smiling, nude brunette sucking an over-sized penis on her knees. The cartoon man receiving the blowjob was grinning ridiculously. The card stated "Kristi" was, indeed, just nineteen.

"She's running the BJ Booth this year! Haha! You know Mrs. Roussea?!" Kristi's face lit up.

"No, not personally. She's married now? A couple buddies of mine got their dicks sucked by Teagan back in '96 or so at the fair and swore it was hands-down the best blowjob of their lives. They didn't shut up about her cock-sucking for a couple of weeks. I unfortunately missed the opportunity because I was out-of-town...I was robbed of the best BJ of my life 'cause of that jaunt to Orlando! Bad timing." 

Bannister was getting an interested kick out of this. He hadn't heard the name Teagan Rousseau in almost 10 years. She was a legend here in Providence. Best cocksucker of all time, it was unanimous, state-wide.

"Yeah, she's still got the New England record for the most blowjobs-to-completions! She is, like, amazing at sucking cock. She sucked something like over 200 dicks to completion, no assistance, in just one day at the fair! That's sooo much cum to swallow (!) Yum!"

"Is she still giving public BJs? Hot damn! I gotta try and get off work early this weekend. She's reputed to have the most talented mouth ev-"

"Uh, hello!! *I*have the most talented blowjob mouth ev-ahr! And I just said I'd suck your cock! You don't havta get out of work early. What's better than an awesome blowjob from a blonde college chick...for free! And I am *so* going to be the best cocksucker in the Northeast, you wait and see. I won the school-wide Spring Blowjob Bonanza at U.R.I this April...I got score of 10; flawless BJ technique! I beat almost 250 other cocksuckers from my school and won the $ 5,000 scholarship! Nobody's ever scored a perfect 10 at the SBJB for U.R.I before, ever!"

"Wow, no kidding? I'm impressed...a perfect ten in cock-sucking at the Bonanza? I read about that in the Cryer. They did an article on you...the post-blowjob interview, I think. Who did you blow again, during the competition?"

"I sucked the goalie for the soccer team's dick...Derrick Barrows? He was All-American last year. Totally the right guy to blow, too. We had good chemistry for the competition. I blew his balls *dry* in front of that crowd! I was swallowing his cum about 3 minutes after I popped his dick in my mouth, and lemme tell you, I sucked it goooood. He came up and hugged me afterwards and we were both super-stoked. He helped me out, big-time. I enjoyed slobbing his knob, for sure. I also sucked three of the judges' cocks afterwards, for the grand-prize ceremony. Kind of a mini-blowbang that they broadcast on the gi-normous football field screen for the BJ winner! Like 1500 spectator's got to watch me suck dick, live! That was, like, one of the biggest thrills: blowing cock for a huge crowd like that. Sooo much fun. A majorly exciting challenge. I liked all the attention, to tell you the truth." Kristi gave a big smile.

Bannister felt like he was missing all the good blowjob action, stuck here in this neck of Rhode Island.

"Do they still do that blowjob competition right down on the Red Hawks' field? I've never been."

"Yep! All the girls line up from end-zone to end-zone with the blowjob-volunteer that the judges' computer chose for them, and the whistle blows...then the girls start blowing (!) You get graded on technique, aesthetic appearance/appeal of the blowjob, the variety of BJ techniques displayed, and how you handle the cum-load at the end of the bee-jay. They have this whole complicated blowjob score-sheet that they fill in systematically for each cocksucker."

"You got the scholarship? That's a heck of a lot of cash for an afternoon spent sucking cock with your friends! Cool." Bannister's boner was becoming belligerent, imagining all those pretty little college chicks blowing cocks and slurping balls in a blowjob competition. The best kind of competition, if you were to ask him.

"Yeah, after each girl is finished swallowing her load of cum and the blowjob is completed, the judges tally up all the score-cards and announce the winner of the contest over the PA. I just about peed myself when I heard my name called as the winner! But, deservedly so. No one gives a better knob-job than me! Uh-uh." Kristi shook her head primly.

"Well, Kristi, imagine that. I pull over the best teenage cocksucker in New England for doing 64 in a 50-zone. What're the odds?" Bannister repositioned his large-brimmed trooper hat thoughtfully.

Bannister handed Kristi back her BJ Booth ID card with her registration and insurance and took off his sunglasses officiously. He noticed a pretty silver necklace and pendant sparkling in the sunlight above Kristi's firm, mouth-watering teen-girl tits.

"So, you say you can suck a good dick, huh?"

"Totally the best. Most def." Kristi laughed, twirling her hair coyly.

"Please secure your vehicle and join me in my cruiser, won't you? We'll see if we can get this speeding issue resolved...expeditiously."

"Yay!" Kristi stuffed her papers in the glove-box of her Jeep Wrangler and unbuckled her safety belt. 

Officer Bannister briskly walked back to his cruiser and hopped in his vehicle, efficiently unsaddling his service shotgun from it's island-holster and laying it on the dash, out of the way. He untucked his shirt and set his state large state policeman's hat on the floor. Kristi whipped open the passenger-side door and half-dove in, head-first.

"We're charging 20 dollars-a-blowjob at the fair today, but you get one free-of-charge!" 

Bannister would pay 500 dollars to get his dick sucked by this pretty little blonde, no problem, he thought. She was gorgeous. One of the prettiest girls he had seen in recent memory.

"I'm delighted to participate. What a good suggestion it was, blowing me in return for a warning."

"I'm gonna suck your dick dry, but then I gotta go...so enjoy this ball-draining blowjob!"

Kristi whisked off her skimpy tank-top and plopped both arms, one on either side, on Officer Bannister's thighs. Her creamy white breasts bobbled pertly. Kristi wiggled her adorable butt playfully way up in the air. He once again admired what an unbelievable, deliciously round ass this young girl had. He loved a good blowjob from a girl with a nice ass. And those firm little tits, boy howdy.

Kristi noticed his wedding ring.

"Does your wife give good blowjobs?" She unsnapped his belt skillfully, the practiced result of giving blowjobs to dozens and dozens of different men. Kristi had sucked a lot of cock.

"Yeah...she does. Real good, actually. But, starting maybe 3 or 4 years ago, she only blows me on special occasions like my birthday and Christmas. When we first got married, she used to suck cock like a blowjob-happy party-slut; she'd blow me and swallow in elevators and bathrooms, lots of fun places; and she was always volunteering to suck my cock...that's important. On the way home from dinner with friends I'd almost always get a good bee-jay, but recently...my dick's not getting sucked with the regularity a hard-working lawman like me deserves and expects. Sometimes I just need a really good blowjob to relax and focus."

"Awww! Poor baby's not getting his meat blown properly! I'll make it all better, don't you worry, Officer." Kristi snapped open his fly and unzipped his trousers, smiling again. "I'll suck this cock so good, your balls will be empty for the next two days."

"That sounds like we have an agreement. A good, deep blowjob, and you get to save the 175 dollars that speeding ticket would have cost you..."

Kristi nodded happily. "It will be my pleasure...!" She pulled Bannister's blood-swollen cock out of his pants firmly and leaned down to start blowing him with her warm, wet mouth...then paused.

"Would you like to cum straight down my throat or in my mouth, oral cream-pie-style? You're the boss!" She looked up at him, ass wiggling, cock-in-hand.

"Just improvise, I'm sure you're quite the talented fellatrix. The paper said so."

"Yep! So true. I've sucked plenty of dick!" 

Bannister gently pushed her head down and Kristi plopped his absurdly swollen meat in her mouth and began sucking and slurping on it, jovially. She had never blown an on-duty cop before. This was exciting.

Officer Bannister let out a deep, contented sigh as her pretty blonde head bobbed up and down in his lap. He relished her greedy, slurping mouth and the nasty, wet sucking sound-effects of a really good blowjob. She was twice the cocksucker his wife was, and half her age. He leaned forward slightly and cupped one luscious, full ass-cheek in his hand, stroking and squeezing her ass with fascinated pleasure while this pretty girl slurped, sucked and blew his cock. It needed good, deep oral attention. It had been awhile since his last blowjob.

As Kristi slurped happily away on his throbbing cock, Bannister gazed up at the blazing morning sun that was shining down along the coast, and thought to himself, "I love my job."

-2-

Kristi waved good-bye out her Jeep window as she -carefully- accelerated back into traffic on Rt. 1-E, Officer Bannister waved back, smiling. Kristi had blown him quickly and thoroughly. 

"One blowjob down, one-hundred to go!" Kristi thought, amused. She dug in her book bag that was sitting on the passenger's seat for her pink i-phone and pulled up her contacts, scrolling to Jordan's number. She took the Grant Street exit, phone ringing. She gnawed her thumbnail, impatient. Jordan wasn't the most punctual of girls, Kristi knew.

"Hey!" Jordan answered after 3 rings, sounding out of breath. "What's up? Are you on your way?"

"Hi! I'm less than 5 minutes from your apartment, are you ready? We gotta meet Mrs. Rousseau before we start at noon today. We can't be late." Kristi didn't want to sound to spastically anal, but you had to be pushy with Jordan sometimes. She was easily distracted.

"Gimmie like, 10 minutes, and I'll be ready!" Kristi heard what sounded like sucking noises in the background, over the phone.

"Jor-Jor...I hear sucking noises! I tolllllld you 10:30 am, sharp! I'll be there in 5 minutes! What are you doing? It sounds like you're sucking dick...are you giving a blowjob right now when you should be getting ready?!" Kristi tried valiantly to not sound irritated. She wanted to be right on-schedule.

"I'm giving *two* blowjobs!" Jordan announced, proudly. "There's two guys over here from across my complex I met at the pool and I'm almost done sucking their dicks. Just lemme finish! You should see this cock I've got in my hand now..." Jordan's mouth gave a long, wet sucking sound as she sucked the aforementioned penis over the phone for Kristi to hear. "It's really thick. I can't believe I get to start off the morning by sucking such a big, thick c-"

"Earth to Jordie! Hello! You're going to be sucking at least 100 dicks today at the fair, and you don't have -time- to be giving bee-jays right now; I'm almost there! Hurry the freak up! I'm not waiting for you!" Kristi was annoyed Jordan was sucking cock without her, and that she wasn't ready. 

Jordan was a cock-sucking knob-job addict if there ever was one, Kristi thought. She's always sucking dick! Where does she find these guys?!

"They're both pretty much ready to cum, I'm just gonna blo-"

"I'm coming to get you right now. You've got 4 minutes, or I'm leaving without'cha! Buh-bye!" Kristi hit the end-button on her cell, triumphantly. 

"Tardy brat! I told her 10:30!" She scolded her Jeep. 

Jordan, back at her apartment, was still on her knees with two mouthfuls of cock, and set about draining the two big pairs of balls that were slapping her face and chin.

-3-

Kristi zipped into the parking lot directly in front of Jordan's building, parked, and ran up the stairs to the second floor, beautiful ass bouncing.

She jogged down the outside corridor toward # 224, Jordan's unit. Two young men were just slipping out the front door, hooting and slapping high-fives. The were shirtless, wearing flip-flops, and one of them was re-tying the drawstrings on his board-shorts. Kristi trotted up to them.

"Whoa...who are you, pretty senorita?" The blonde surfer-dude with a sleek pair of Serengeti sunglasses asked.

"I'm Kristi, Jordan's friend... is she ready?"

"You know Jordan? Righteous! Dude, I've never had such an amazing blowjob *in my life*. Your friend sucks great cock...gnarly style, bro! I'm like, totally drained for the afternoon. I need re-hydration and copious snacks now to regain my once-virulent composure." He slapped his buddy another high-five.

"She gave me a most-triumphant bee-jay as well; it was totally Nebuchadnezzar, man." Blonde-dude's bud was grinning winningly.

"A triple-tubular pipe-cleaning and swallow, to say the least, my blue-eyed muchacha. I dare say her mouth was so skilled I deduce formal blowjob training was administered by a mad-talented mentor...? Maybe you two foxy ladies would like to join my associate and I for a margari-"

"Yeah, Jordan's great at sucking cock...she's never really gone much more than a day without putting one or two big ones in her mouth since I've known her."

"Are you as proficient in the Occidental art of blow-"

"I gotta go, guys, sorry! We'll suck your dicks simultaneously another time; sounds like fun. We gotta get to the Bridgeport Fair for the BJ Booth!" 

Kristi skipped by these two stoked beach-boys and yanked opened Jordan's front door without knocking.

"Bridgeport Fair? BJ Booth?!...Ekkkkkk-suhhh-lent!!" The dudes clapped their hands heartily, applauding this most-revered Providence blowjob tradition.

Jordan came running out of her bedroom just as Kristi was closing the front door.: she was topless, wearing only the pair of black panties she was sucking cock in. Her dark hair was done-up in a wild bun on top of her head. 

"I'll be ready to leave in 30 seconds! Promise!" Kristi put her hands on her hips and rolled her eyes, saying nothing. 

Jordan raced back into her bedroom, slipping on a snug pair of Express jeans and a cute little white Roxy tank-top that make her look a little like a punky party-girl.

Jordan was a year younger than Kristi. She was slightly taller with dark hair and dark eyes, even though she and Kristi didn't look at all alike people often asked if they were sisters because of their very similar effervescent, outgoing demeanor. Jordan had a hoop and diamond stud in her left eyebrow and a silver lip-piercing. She had a cover girl's lips and mouth, set below very attractive, interested eyes. She was, like Kristi, a very pretty girl; this was a requirement for working at the Bridgeport Blowjob Booth. Only very good-looking girls were hired to administer the blowjobs. 

This was going to be her first Blowjob Booth, which was a terrific idea because though she was only 18 years old, Jordan was nearly compulsively obsessed with sucking cock. She regularly sucked 3 to 4 different dicks a week, sometimes up to 6 or 7, blowing boys that worked in gas stations, clothing stores, or doormen at dance clubs...just about anyone with a nice, hard cock for her sultry mouth. Jordan had an unusual appetite for sucking dick. She regularly returned to the topic of blowjobs in conversation several times a day and was always watching videos of big dicks being sucked online. Due to her pre-occupation with well-hung men and performing blowjobs, she had sucked even more dick than Kristi, and had slipped easily out of several run-ins with shoplifting and loitering by sucking and blowing her way to impunity. She regularly gave group blowjobs at parties with Kristi, blowing and swallowing 15 or 20 boys a night. After a party warmed up and things were getting lively she and Kristi would often just go into the living room or common-area and just suck cock for 2 hours or more, blowing anyone who wanted a good dick-sucking, chatting with the boys and other party-goers as they contentedly blew all the meat there was to blow. They'd be on their knees for 7 or 8 blowjobs in a row, slobbering on ball-sacks and swallowing cum, stuffing their faces with 3 or 4 cocks at-a-time. And the boys loved getting their dicks sucked so readily, especially by these two pretty cocksuckers. She and Kristi had sucked a lot of cock together. They were "bee-jay buddies."
