 He was standing at the hotel bar when I saw her walk through the door, as beautiful and sophisticated looking as ever. That a woman's business suit could look that sexy was amazing. She slowly walked over to him and pecked him on the cheek. They ordered drinks and chatted amiably about their work days, when he looked at his watch and spoke to her in an almost businesslike manner…

"Well, I'm going to just check up on things and see if everything is in order. Still up for your adventure?"

She smiled and nodded at him, he'd never let her down on one of their 'surprise' nights on the town. He stood up, tossed some cash on the bar, pecked her on the cheek and turned to walk out.

"Give me about a half an hour, then come on up."

Off he went.

Time passed slowly for her as she wondered what would be in store tonight. They'd played so many games, had such fun before. She squeezed her thighs together in anticipation as she checked her watch. 

"Ah, twenty minutes ought to be enough", she thought as she stood up. A little wobbly from the drinks and her own excitement she made her way to the elevator.

When she opened the door to the room I think she was surprised that the lights weren't on, just candles lit on the table. She looked around, unsure that this was the right room. She called my name, but, no answer … Slowly, she walked towards the table. It was set with crisp white linen, bone china and silverware, fresh champagne bubbled in a glass. On one of the dinner plates a small envelope was placed on top of a piece of black silk.

Looking around, still unsure of the game, she reached for the envelope and pulled out a small note:

Welcome, my love. Everything is ready for you. Hopefully, a night you will never forget. In the bedroom closet you will find a silk negligee. I hope you like it. Please put it on, but, wear nothing but the negligee, your garter and your stockings. There is more champagne waiting for you on the night table along with some chocolate covered strawberries, too. I know you love them. Make yourself comfortable on the bed, relax and when you're ready turn on the TV and play the video that's in the VCR. It will help you figure out what's next.

Oh, be sure to take along this little scarf. It's another gift.

Love, Me

She squeezed her legs together, her sex throbbing as she tried to imagine what the game would be. 

In the bedroom more two candles were lit on each night table. She walked to the closet and opened it. Only a single hanger was occupied, it by a long, black lacy negligee. She took it and held it up to look at. Just her style, very chic, very sexy, very cool. Standing in front of the mirror she took her blouse and bra off. Her breasts were already swelling with sexual excitement, her nipples stood out hard against the soft smoothness all around them. She ran her hands slowly down, over her breasts, feeling a tingle between her legs as her fingers ran across her hardened nipples. She reached down and undid the button of her skirt and around to undo the zipper. She let the skirt drop to the floor. Even in the dim light of the candles she could see the glistening wetness starting to show on the hairs of her sex. She put the negligee on, it fit perfectly, cut low so her breasts showed almost to the pink areolas. Four buttons in the front closed it to just below her hips. The cool silk on her nipples sent spark through her body.

What was he up to? Where is he?

She sat down at the edge of the bed and sipped from the champagne glass. A plate of perfectly ripe strawberries, half covered with dark chocolate beckoned. Champagne and chocolate strawberries, they were indeed her favorite sexy foods. She swung her legs up onto bed and leaned back into the mountain of pillows arranged around the head of the bed. A few more sips of champagne and another strawberry and she was ready to see what was up. She picked up the remote control and turned the tv on, pushing the play button the VCR clicked and the picture changed.

In a dimly it bedroom a man was sitting in a chair, the camera pulled back and a woman in a black negligee lay on the bed. A black scarf was tied around her head, covering her eyes. Music was playing in the background. For nearly a minute the camera just studied the woman on the bed from an angle looking over the man's shoulder. Slowly her hands moved running over her breasts and down across her stomach, they spread the negligee so that the skin of her legs was visible. They ran down the inside of her thighs as far as she could reach and then slowly moved back towards her sex. 

The man said nothing, did not move. 

Her fingers now ran through the silky hairs between her legs, lightly moving in a circle over her pubic mound and then siding down each side of her sex.. The camera zoomed in closer as she ran one finger gently up along the wet slit. Her hips moved as her finger parted the soft, wet flesh. Her other hand joined now, both slowly, gently exploring. Her fingers starting to glisten and shine from her wetness. She moved her legs further apart and her fingers became more urgent, one slipping momentarily inside. 

Suddenly she stopped, one hand reaching back underneath one of the pillow she lay on. When it appeared again it was clutching a large, black dildo. 

She stopped the video, without realizing it, her hand was between her legs. She rolled onto her side and reached underneath the mound of pillows. Sure enough, she felt a large, round, long object greeting her. Pulling it out she found a beautiful, solid rubber, black dildo. Very large, very long, very real feeling. She smiled and rolled back over and turned the VCR back on.

The woman took the dildo and held if vertically over her sex and slowly pushed down between her legs, she moved it back up and back down. Each time her body shuddered as it ran across her clitoris. She moved it up and down faster, starting to lift her hips to meet it as it pushed down. The dildo now glistened with her wetness, too. The switching her grip on the phallus she spread her legs and move the head of it to the lips of her sex. Slowly she pushed the huge head into herself with one hand while the fingers of her other hand massaged her clitoris. Slowly in and then slowly out she worked the phallus further in, moving it faster with each stroke. Her fingers moved more purposefully against the hardened button of her clitoris. With a final, almost violent push she drove the dildo as deep as she could while her fingers worked frantically. Low moans, almost sobs started to come out of her mouth, her body stiffened and she began to orgasm.

Almost trembling with excitement she turned the VCR off again. Now she knew what the start of tonight's game was to be, though hardly the ending. Reaching to the night table she picked up the black scarf and tied it around her head, blackness suddenly surrounded her. She lay back and heard the door open, then close…

She could faintly hear footsteps in the other room. She trembled at little at the thought of what was happening, she kept wondering what the whole deal would be. What he would be doing to her eventually. Suddenly blues started playing in the other room, sexy raunchy blues wafted in as she waited on the bed. Faintly, through the music she heard the sound of footsteps again. She'd tied the scarf over her eyes too well! She could see anything…

She could make out the sound of something being moved in the room, a faint bump at the foot of the bed made her realize it was a chair. 

"Ah," she thought, "just like the movie"

Confident now that he was sitting at the foot of the bed… watching, she picked the black phallus up in her right hand and ran it down over her breasts and across her tummy. A tiny shock of electricity ran through her as it passed through her pubic hairs. She let the head of it rest for a moment at the V between her legs. The grasping it with both hands she held it up and slowly drove it down. 

As it spread her flesh and ran along her lips she realized how large it was. As it grazed her clitoris a real shock emanated from her loins. She pushed it down until it touched the bed and then she moved it back up, slowly, very slowly so he could watch. Her wetness had coated one side with just a single pass and now it spread her lips and pressed against her button. Her legs instinctively twitched open.

She knew what he wanted, she wanted it too. She was too hot, too excited to play for long, so she rotated the shaft towards her feet and put the tip of the head against her lips. 

"Watch this", she thought, as she spread her legs wide and began to pull it towards her. She could feel her lips spreading as the head of phallus pressed into her. She slowly pulled it further expecting the big black head of the thing to pop inside. But, it just kept spreading her wider and wider.

"wow, this thing is HUGE", she thought.

Suddenly, she could feel the lips of her vagina close around the massive toy. She stopped pulling it into her for a second, letting her sex adjust. She wondered if he had taken his cock out. Was he masturbating while she did this? The thought gave her chills and grabbed the phallus tighter and started to pull it into herself again. Slowly, a half inch in, a little bit back and then another half inch in she worked the toy into her. She was so wet she couldn't believe it didn't just slide into her all the way. But, its size was the difference. Finally, with one last pull she filled her sex as far as she could take the rubber cock. She had never felt this full. 

She slowly pulled it out until she felt the head starting to pull against her lips again and then she slowly thrust it back in, steadily she increased the pace pulling in as far as she dared and then out. Comfortable now, her sex began to throb with desire. With her left hand reached for her clitoris and ran two fingers over and around it, as she did her hips moved involuntarily.

With an increasing frenzy she drove the dildo into her and moved her two fingers in circles over and around the little rock that was her clit. Before she could have imagined it possible she felt the waves of orgasm starting to build in her pelvis. The black dildo beat a ferocious path into her body while her fingers moved wildly.

Finally, the orgasm broke over her like a great wave, her hips thrust up off the bed, she drove the dildo deeper than ever before and her sex clamped down on it. She kept rubbing as wave after wave rippled through her, finally ebbing after what seemed like minutes. Drained she collapsed on the bed like a rag doll, the massive toy imbedded in her, she shuddered as the pleasure waves slowly receded.

She lay there for some time, awash in the after shocks of intense orgasm. Then she felt movement at the foot of the bed, a hand ran up the inside of her leg and she could feel it grab the end of the dildo. Slowly it pulled it out of her, inch by inch it came out., finally popping past her lips, covered with her juices. For a few seconds she felt like she had had a part of her body removed.

She vaguely wondered what was next when the strong hands slowly rolled her over onto her stomach. She lay there virtually inert, unable to exert the slightest energy to move. Gently the hand lifted her so that she was on all fours. Then the hands pulled her left hand up and placed it on the top of the headboard, she understood what was wanted and put her other arm up, too.

Her mind starting to clear she wondered what this was about, as she was thinking she felt a soft silken scarf being wrapped around one wrist and then tied to the headboard. A few seconds later the other hand was tied to the headboard, too.

Her anticipation grew, what was happening.? The hands spread her knees apart and then she felt the bed move as though someone else had lain down on it. She could feel a head settle between her knees, the hair touching her legs. Now she knew what was next! She lowered herself slightly and felt his beard against her sex. His tongue gently probed around the edges of her clitoris, running across it and then around again. Her sex immediately responded, pleasure waves rolling outward through her body and he pressed harder with his tongue. He pushed inside of her and a new shock wave rocked her and she ground herself into the tongue. Quickly she could feel another orgasm starting to build, when suddenly he stopped. His head moved from between her legs and the bed rocked as he got off. A second later she could feel a body slipping beneath her as she kneeled, her hands still tied to the bedposts. His legs slipped between her knees and she could feel her nipples just touch the hairs of his chest. 

Then that magic moment when the first touch of a cock against her lips. Just the tip, touching, throbbing…waiting. She moved her hips to bring that real cock head into her. She could feel her lips part as it started to enter, she pressed down harder and her lips spread wider, then wider still. She pressed down again and the head began to enter her, but, still not fully.

Suddenly, like waking from a dream she realized that this wasn't his cock! It was bigger, fatter. The realization stopped her for a moment, the cock partly inserted. Then, in an instant strong hands reach up an grabbed her hips and thrust her down on the tool. It plunged into her, hard as a rock, spreading her and penetrating.

In the blindfolded blackness her senses spun, this was another man and he was inside of her! His thick shaft started to pull back out and then pushed further in. Her shock started to be overcome by the feelings that his hard cock was creating inside of her. Another slow pull and push of the shaft and her inhibitions melted completely as her instincts took over. She pushed down with her hips and felt the cock move deeper, filling her. But, still she could not feel her pubic mound touch his, she pushed down further and took more of the tool. 

"My God", she thought, as she wondered how much there was to come. Suddenly, the hands on her hips gripped tightly, holding her as the shaft pressed in. She could not believe that she could fit any more when a last thrust upward brought her finally into contact with his body. He did not move, she could not move. Then slowly he drew out, creating what felt like a huge cavity in her as he went. It seemed to take forever as he drew out, the head pulling past her lips until just the tip touched her.

He entered her again and her body reacted by pressing down taking the cock back to its hilt. She could not believe the feeling of being so filled, the massive head pressing against her cervix. Again he drew out, waiting just touching…

But, this time he did not penetrate her again. His cock just twitched at her opening. She needed it now, knowing that it would not take many strokes to bring her to a massive climax. She pressed down, but, the man's hands held her hips up and kept her from her desire.

She pressed down, but, he would not let her have him. Then she felt the bed move again. A second set of hands ran down her back and over her buttocks. They gently pulled her cheeks apart and she felt the tip of another cock touch her lips. It rested there for few moments, pulsing. Then, quickly the second set of hands grabbed her hips and in a single motion the cock penetrated her to its hilt. Her breath rushed out at the suddenness of the thrust. It was not a fat as the first penis, but, just as long, it was familiar. She pushed back against the man driving his cock as deep as it could go. He held her hips and pressed forward as far as possible. 

As he held her, she felt movement beneath her and the first man gently began to suckle on one of her nipples. Slowly he increased the tempo of his sucking as the other man drew out and then plunged back into her. One stroke was followed by another and then another, each time pulling out until just the head of his penis remained inside of her and then a thrust all the way in. Her body shook with excitement and desire as she began to build quickly to an orgasm as the two men worked over her body. 

Just as she was starting to build her orgasm the man pulled out and didn't re-enter her. She couldn't believe it, this was torture. Her body raged for a few more strokes and few more sucks on her nipple. But, they didn't come.

As the tension was starting to recede from her body she felt the tip of a cock at her entrance again. With a swift thrust it was inside of her. This time it was the larger cock with its massive head furrowing into her wetness. One stroke all the way in and then all the way back, in again back again. Her orgasm quickly started to build again when he suddenly pulled out and in an instant was replaced by the second cock. A few strokes and then they alternated again.

She was now in a frenzy as the men alternated fucking her. Never staying long enough for her to reach her climax, but, never letting her get far from it either. The image of the two cocks sharing her sex seared itself into her mind's eye.

She desperately needed to have her orgasm, her juices soaked both of the men's penises and ran down her thighs. After a few minute of such exquisite torture they both stopped. She waited, desperate for them to finish her, but, for at least a minute … nothing.

Then the man underneath her slowly entered her again, driving into her as far as possible and resting there. Slowly he started to pull out until only his head remained in her sex. She waited, desperately wanting the rapid thrust she knew would follow. But, instead she felt the other cock touch her anus. Slowly it pressed forward.

"NO!" she moaned. Unable to imagine how she could possible accommodate both. The only response was a further push into her anus. Slick with her own wetness it passed into her and slowly pressed inside. Gently forward and gently backward the cock worked her ass until she felt its hilt against her buttocks.

She remained frozen with a combination of fear, desire and fascination.

Slowly the cock pulled back, as it did the larger cock in her sex pressed forward. She was not in pain, but, neither was it pleasurable as she felt filled in a way she had never imagined. Slowly, she began to relax as first one and then the other pressed forward, alternating their thrusts. 

As she relaxed a little bit more with each thrust her desire began to return. The feeling of the two cocks inside of her, simultaneously was indescribable. The men began to move faster and her body began to respond, her head began to spin as a feeling, unlike anything she had felt before began to emanate from her loins. Both men were grabbing her now and thrusting powerfully into her. She began to lose all control as the first wave of an immense orgasm started to sweep through her. She shuddered as it struck her like a fist, a second even more powerful wave followed, then another and another, she lost count as the two cocks continued to piston their way into her holes.

As a last wave of orgasm erupted she could feel the cock in her sex swell and harden even more than it had been and the man beneath her grabbed her hips and pushed her down violently onto his cock. His moans preceded an obvious pulsing inside of her and she could feel her sex awash with his cum. He thrust again and groaned again, more cum, more wetness. As his orgasm continued the second cock slammed all the way into her, too. A second low moan came from behind her and a second burst of cum began to fill her. Both men now grabbed her with of their strength and both cocks poured their cum into her.

She almost passed out, unable to hold herself up she collapsed onto of the man beneath. For a few moments the three of them lay together exhausted and drained. Then slowly the man behind withdrew and got off the bed. She could feel his hands on her wrists, untying the scarves. He gently held her up while the second man pulled out from her and rolled off the bed. She collapsed face down on the bed, numb in body and mind as the men's semen slowly oozed from her.
