 I slid the pretty blue drink across the table to you, eager to see if you liked the new recipe I found on Pinterest? 

"What is this?" you asked, intrigued by the smile on my face. 

"It is a drink I had in the Caribbean and have been wanting to try and make...but it is also a clue to the fantastic surprise I have in store for you this evening. I did promise you a surprise after all." 

A big smile crossed your face as you lift the sweet beverage to those soft pouty lips of yours. "So what is my surprise?" You asked, coyly wiggling closer toward me in your chair; your free hand coming to rest on my upper thigh. "Will I like it?" 

My big strong hand gently lands on top of yours as I scoot even closer to you. I glide your hand to the bulge already forming in my jeans and pull your hand tight against it. "This is your second hint...what do you think?" 

"Hmmmm..." you said, allowing your fingers to engulf the bulge and squeeze at... "definitely feels promising." 

"How is your drink?" I asked, taking a big swig of my own beverage. 

As you started to drink, the sweet fruity flavor cascaded down your throat combined with this effervescent tingle over your lips and tongue. You could clearly taste the rum...there was plenty of rum. 

"Baby, that is incredible...what is in it?" you asked, your hand still gently massaging my still hardening cock through my jeans. 

"Well, I added a little extra rum than the recipe called for...of course...but for the tingle, I added some bubbly champagne. To be honest, I think it is much better than the one I had down south." 

"Hehe...you said, 'Dowwwn soubhthng." Your words started to slur from your lips as you tried to finish your sentence. "Hembbc...wahdt dmam fucmsdk." 

"Oh baby, I forgot to tell you that I may have added a special ingredient to your drink..." I leaned over and whispered in your ear, "But don't be afraid...you are going to love what is coming." 

With that your eyes started to close, and the room became black and silent.

As you start to wake up, you realize that you are having problems moving...plus, you are sitting up. You are a little groggy, working to focus on the room, however, everything around you seems dark and plain, giving you no indication of your location. You try move, but the realization that your hands and feet are tied has finally started to sink in; your hands tied behind your back and your feet tied together on the floor. You start to push with your feet, discovering also that you are some sort of rotating stool that though it will move in a circle, it will not leave from its position on the floor. 

As you spin to survey the room, all of a sudden you see me standing in front of you dressed in a black suit with a bright purple tie. You try to call out, but realize that your mouth has a ball gag in it...something you somehow had missed up till now. 

I walked toward you, leaning over, I gently kiss you on the neck as I again whisper in your ear. 

"Hey beautiful, I promised you a surprise...but before it can begin, I need you to know that, first, you are going to love what is coming; and second, you can make all the noise you want, no one will hear you down here...Well...almost no one." 

The coy little wink of my eye makes you curious and scared at the same time. For some reason, your pussy is already getting moist with anticipation, because you know how much I love teasing you sexually. 

I gently remove the ball gag from your mouth, but just as you are about to speak, I place my strong hand over your lips and stop you. "Shhhhhh baby...all will be revealed...just not quite yet." Before you know what happened, I pushed a black silk bag over your head...you can still breath, but the room is completely black again.

Your ears perk up as you can still hear me right next to you; then you hear this quiet mechanical hum as the stool you are on starts lowering down closer to the floor. 

"I need to check something beautiful...trust me." My voice sounding seductive an also reassuring. I lift just the bottom of the black silk, not allowing your eyes to see anything except for the tip of my cock as it presses beneath and directly against your lips. Instinctively you open then willingly, sucking the thick head inside, savoring the precum that is already oozing from its tip. 

"Mmmmm...fuck yeah...this will work perfectly," I say, reluctantly withdrawing my dick after only a few seconds. 

"Please give it back...I want to taste you Jack," your voice quivering with anticipation and a building lust. 

"Patience baby...there will be PLENTY of time for those luscious lips." I drop the fabric back down over your mouth and you can hear me walking away.

You hear the loud metal door squeak open as you listen intently. You were about to cry out, thinking I was leaving, but instead you hear more footsteps making their way into the room...many more. For about 30 seconds, you can hear them working their way around the room, but not a single word is spoken. Finally, you can hear one pair of steps approaching you. 

"Are you ready for your surprise Amber?" My lips right next to your ear through the smooth cloth. 

Your heart was pounding and your curiosity was going crazy with what could possibly be coming. Nervously you managed to mutter out the approving, "Yes sir." 

"Well then, there is only one more thing I must do before removing the blindfold." 

All of a sudden you felt the brief cold feel of steel against the skin of your back, as I began cutting the blouse you were wearing with a pair of scissors. After making the long necessary strip down the back, I moved to the front, carefully cutting off each button. 

Next, I moved to your sexy black skirt...I knew you liked that skirt, but I'll buy you a new one. The scissors slid against your hip and proceeded to cut down the entire...though short...length. You could feel the fabric hanging on your body, yet could not stop thinking about the fact that you knew you were being watched. 

Abruptly then, I pulled the skirt from beneath you, and then, just as quickly ripped the blouse from your body. 

"Don't worry baby," I said, once again whispering in your ear, "I removed your bra and panties while you were sleeping." 

Your body shook a little with fear and anticipation. You could feel the cool air in the room already cascading over your wet pussy...which was now exposed to your visitors. 

Slowly I begin to pull the black fabric from your head, revealing to you the 10 other men who are surrounding you in the room. Each one is dressed in a black suit like mine, only all of their ties are a bright red. On their faces they are wearing a creepy black mask.Image result for masquerade black suit mask

None of them speak a word as they all take three steps closer to your stool. You can already see the bulges in their black slacks, indicating their excitement at the view before them. 

Three more steps closer. 

You can feel the room closing in on you as the men are only steps away from you now. You spin on your stool, scooting your feet as best you can, as you search for me in the crowd. Your eyes finally meet mine as you notice that while everyone else has moved closer, I have taken a seat on a high standing stool...of course with a perfect view of you. 

Your eyes gazing deep into mine, not sure what is going on yet, when you see my fingers *SNAP* loudly...breaking the silence in the room. 

Without warning you feel a pair of strong hands on your shoulders, turning you around abruptly in your seat. As your face turns to see your attacker, you find a long thick cock less than an inch from your plump lips. You try to look to me for an answer, but instead you feel his strong hand grab your jaw and force it open as he thrust his cock inside. His hands lock behind your head and instantly he begins pounding his thick shaft deep inside. 

Part of you feels you should resist, but the lust of the moment won't let you...so you start sucking. Hungrily you meet each of his thrust with your bobbing head, driving his long shaft deeper into your throat. 

He doesn't last long. 

You feel his strong hands grab tight to the back of your head as he plunges his swelling shaft as deep inside as you can take it. You feel the thick cock enlarge as he explodes his hot thick load down your shaft. You feverishly, hungrily began swallowing as fast as you can, though shocked when he pulls out abruptly. The second and third spasm of cum splash over your lip and down upon your tits. Not letting go of your head, he begins smearing his wet cock all over your face. 

Then as quickly as he started...he steps back into the circle...leaving his spent cock hanging out of his pants. 

Again the room spins as you feel another pair of hands turning you to face him. The cock is not as long in front of you, but it is very thick. He does not need to force your mouth though, your mouth is still open from the last cock. Immediately he forces his way inside, wasting no time thrusting hard against your face. Your jaw actually hurts a little stretching open for this fat cock as it forces you open. But soon, your lips eagerly wrap tight around it and accept the intrusion as he fucks your face even harder than the first man. 

Cum lust is taking over you as you think about the other men still to cum. You want to please them all...you want to be filled by them all. Hungrily you start feasting with a ravage desire. 

His cock swells up thick as he explodes inside your mouth...again though...the first load goes down your throat, while the second and third are sprayed over your face and tits. He too ends by smearing his wet cock all over your face. 

Turn.

Suck.

Repeat. 

NO 3.

As NO 3 explodes inside your mouth, you can fight your own lust no more. Your pussy explodes violently beneath you in waves of explicit pleasure. NO 3 withdraws his cock, and steps back into the circle. You can feel everyone watching you cum on the stool, which only makes you cum even harder...grinding your pussy against the leather seat as you look over into my eyes; which are completely lust driven as I watch. 

As your orgasm subsides...

NO 4. 

NO 5. 

You cum again. 

NO 6. 

Your jaw was almost too sore to move on your own by now, but it did not matter. The men simply held you by the head and fucked your face as violently as they could before exploding down your throat, and then all over your face and tits. 

Every once in a while they would spin you around well enough to see me watching you from my throne...never was I not watching. You could see the massive bulge in my fancy black slacks and even made out a wet spot of precum that had leaked through. 

NO 7. 

NO 8. 

The cocks are a blur...a fantastic delicious blur as that fuck your throat and then hang out before you as though boasting about it. 

As NO 9 approaches though, he spins you slower, letting you see that those cocks are all starting to harden again. As you start to realize that this might not be about to end like you first thought, NO 9 drives his long cock deep into your throat. Feverishly he pounds inside, seemingly lasting much longer than the others had. His grunts and moans beneath his mask are those of animal hunger ravaging his prey. His hands lock tight to the back of your head finally and drive deep into your throat as he too explodes his offering into your belly. 

A third orgasm rips through your pussy, making your stool even wetter and slippier than it was already. 

As NO 10 turns you to face him, this realization comes to mind...these men have not once actually touched you other than your head and shoulders. No one has felt your breasts, no one has stroked your pussy, and yet you have cum three times...and not sure you are finished there. Hungrily you thrust your face forward to engulf this last cock...hoping that maybe that means the cock you really want is next. 

From where he is standing, you can see me still watching you...lusting for you. 

Eagerly you suck that last cock as I stand from my throne and begin making my way across the room. Your eyes are fixed on me even as he explodes his offering into your hungry mouth. 

NO 10 moves back to the circle, still stone silent like the rest. 

*SNAP*, the loud noise echoing in the silence. 

Two men leave the circle, quickly disappear from room and then, just as quickly, return pushing another kind of leather reclining chair. It is not a chair you would find in your living room...it is obvious that I have designed this one special. 

Another man from the circle leans down and undoes the restraint holding you to the stool, though still makes sure not to touch you anywhere.

Another man moves behind you and uses a key to release the cuffs holding your hands together. 

The man on the floor releases the restraint on your ankles. 

It is a relief to have your hands back...but you will find that this is short lived. 

With virtually no effort, 4 other men step forward and lift your small sexy body from the stool and lay you down on my special table. Each man then fastens your hands and feet with the restraint near by. Someone releases a lever behind you, and you find the back of the chair laying backwards, leaving you at a level that is just barely beneath the 10 cocks surrounding you. 

You have questions, but you cannot seem to get yourself to speak the words. And then you see me. 

I moved down to the end of the table, where your feet are strapped down. The table has a long spit that you are just now noticing. With a quick flip of a lever, you can feel your legs being forced open on the table...revealing that luscious sweet pussy for all too see. As you look up, all 11 of us men are gazing at only one sight...your smooth wet, sweet slit. 

"Now it is my turn baby," I said in a deep sexy voice. "Tonight I am sharing you with 10 men from around town...they are men we see all the time. One works at the grocery, one is a mechanic, one is gas station attendant, one is a police officer, and 6 others that we see throughout our life...who will know you, but you will not know them. I told them that tonight your mouth belonged to them. But that your pussy and ass were all mine." 

Your eyes fix on me as the table has now opened wide, giving me perfect access to your two delicious holes. You are hungry to see my cock as I unzip my fly and finally release it to your view. It is fully erect and hard as a rock as I plunge it deep inside your wet pussy. You gasp as you feel it spread you open wide. 

I have been watching too long...this is not intended to be gentle. Feverishly I pound my cock deep inside your hot smooth cunt; loving the sounds of your gasps as they echo in the room. 

In only seconds, a fourth orgasm rips through your body, squeezing your pussy lips tight around my cock. I try to hold out, but the fact is that I am too far gone. 

I feverishly begin firing my hot seed inside your pussy, wave after wave exploding deep inside you. Both of us panting, I finally regain my composure, but refuse to withdraw my semi-hard cock from inside you. 

After a moment...

*SNAP*

All 10 of the other men surrounding the table step forward to the edge, hovering their now, very hard and erect cocks over your body. You can feel me still twitching inside of you, but your eyes are now fixed on these cocks as you watch each of them wrap a single hand around their shaft and begin slowly and gently pumping it. There are still wet glistening streaks of cum and saliva on many of them, evidence of your earlier efforts. 

None of them touch you...

Just slow...steady...stroking...

One cock is so close to your face, and even though you have been sucking cock for a long time already, you just want that thick thing back in your mouth...but it doesn't happen. 

You feel my strong hands starting to massage your feminine mound, working my thumbs down around your lit as my fingers massage outward toward your hips. Slowly they slide up around your mound and clit, and then begin pressing along both sides of your pussy toward your asshole. You cannot help but moan out as you feel one of my thick thumbs press against the tight hole...knowing that I already told you that it was getting fucked too. I avoid penetrating it as I press and massage at it...eliciting even more moans. My thumbs start alternating then...one starts teasing and massaging against your clit while the other one teases your ass. After a few seconds, they slide to the other location, making sure to brush against your pussy lips for the entire journey. 

As both thumbs start pushing a little more intently at the two tender spots, you cannot help but bite your lower lip; still not taking your eyes off of the cocks hovering over you. 

For a few minutes it is this sexy silent display of manhood before you, while these spasms of electric in your pussy and ass are teasing you very close to another orgasm. You can feel my cock starting to grow inside your pussy...in fact...it feels nearly full already. 

My hands and thumbs slide from your body and instead, reach down and undo the fasteners around your ankles. You don't make any attempt to move though. 

I grab your ankles gently and then, keeping them still spread apart, lift them up into the air, helping to hoist your ass off the table. I wrap my arms around your thighs as I withdraw my cock from your pussy and press it against the tight little asshole in front of me. Your eyes lock on mine as you eagerly await your master's invasion. 

Your pussy juices make it easier to slide in, but that little ass is still just so tight. 

You notice all 10 of the other men look in unison at my cock as it spreads your tiny ass open. Their hands begin stroking faster immediately, never removing their aim from your small body. 

I take a step even closer and then thrust my cock hard and deep into your tender insides. 

The men stroke their cocks in unison with the pace that I begin pounding your tight little ass. Your ass is like a vice on my dick, squeezing and milking it with every thrust. 

Then you feel the first wave of cum spray across your tits. Feverishly the man pumps his draining sperm all over your chest; not stopping until he is sure that every drop has been spent. When he is finished, his hands move to his sides, again, leaving his cock hanging before you. 

Deeper and faster I drive into that luscious asshole...only encouraged by the lustful look on your face. 

Cum sprays across your cheek from the left, spraying over your eyes and into your hair. You manage to peer out at the cock that is only inches from your face, watching this man's hand feverishly pumping harder and faster at his cock. 

A stream of cum splashes over your pussy and belly...a third man losing his cum as he pumping his cock over you. 

My hands pull tight upon your hips as I drive my cock harder with each thrust. 

Gasps in the darkness as two more men explode hot cum on your naked body; one firing across your throat and tits...the other one spraying your tummy with a rather large load. 

Streams of hot cum cascade all over your body as three more men spew their seed all over your luscious nude form. I can feel my second orgasm building and from the look in your eyes...I think I might not be alone. 

I fight back my cum until the last man sprays a thick load right across your face; covering your mouth and nose. Hungrily you thrust out your tongue, lapping up the thick sperm and devouring it. 

The sight is all I can handle. Eagerly I thrust and pound that fuck that tight little asshole...

LUST HAS TAKEN OVER

Your hips bucking up to meet each thrust as your own orgasm finally rips through your body, causing you to thrash violently beneath me. 

FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKK!!! You scream out as you impale yourself completely onto my cock. Your ass is like a vice as it locks down on my dick...I can no longer slide inside you, so every thrust drives your entire body forward. 
