 ***

-- CHAPTER 11: The Rescue --

***

WINTER (December 2003)

"Please shoot me..."

Dan, the other Junior Engineer on the team looked at me over his styrofoam cup of coffee and arched an eyebrow. "Why? You still can't get the structural integrity to hold up at that pitch?"

"Ugh, yes..." I sighed heavily and then sipped my coffee again. We were taking a quick break in the cafeteria, just to rest our eyes from our monitors for a little while. If only I could get my miserly manager to spring for flat panel LCD monitors already. I rolled my head, stretching out my neck muscles, wincing more at the thought of my work than any actual neck pain. I shrugged and told Dan, "The dark, quiet, and cool abyss of death seems infinitely superior to my current miserable existence."

Just then I felt firm hands go to my shoulders, massaging away at what knots I had before the thumbs began stroking my neck. I closed my eyes and sighed again, this time happily, as wonderful feelings shot up my spine before I thought to question why I was suddenly getting a neck massage.

Two seconds later, I wondered who was touching me like this and my eyes shot open as I craned my head back to see Brianna's pretty face looming above me. "Hi, honey!" she said brightly. "Feel better?"

I didn't answer her right away.

"Yeah..." Dan drawled, rolling his eyes. He stood up and slid his chair back underneath the table. "Real miserable existence," he deadpanned before turning away to leave.

I smirked and tilted my head back. Brianna took the hint and bent over, giving me a Spider-man kiss.

"Get a room, you two."

I sat up and grinned at Vipul, another Engineer on my team.

He shook his head as he crossed over to the coffee pot. "I'll have to report you to HR for sexual harassment."

"I *am* HR," Brianna teased. And then she obviously kissed me again.

When we broke, I asked, "What's up?"

Her green eyes lit up. "Oh, yeah!" She turned to another table where she'd set down a couple of sheets of paper, and then came around with two pencils and identical Sudoku puzzles.

She giggled as she sat down beside me. This time it was Vipul's turn to roll his eyes behind her back as he walked back towards Engineering. First I had Amber, then Brianna. The guy would never forgive me.

Brianna glanced around to make sure we were alone, then she leaned in to whisper to me. I knew from the look on her face that the naughty part of her was about to come out, despite her conservative business attire.

"Let's make this game a little more interesting," she husked. "If you win, you get to tie me up, cover me with oil, and then do whatever the fuck you want to me."

Instant boner.

I gulped and then asked carefully. "And if you win?"

Brianna giggled while her irises flared for just a moment. "If I win? Then you HAVE to tie me up, cover me with oil, and then do whatever the fuck you want to me."

***

Did it really matter who won?

Either way, Friday night found a gorgeous brunette face down on her own bed with her knees pulled underneath her, which thrust her shapely ass into the air. She was fully naked, her skin glistening with scented body oils and glowing a rosy tan color. Her hands were lightly bound together to the headboard latticework. She could have freed herself if she really wanted to, but she hadn't; and for now, she rested her forehead against her wrists, panting softly.

I watched a shiver pass down her spine as she recovered from orgasm. I was still rubbing the oil into her red asscheeks, soothing after the dozen or so spankings I'd administered. I'd never even approached her pussy, and yet she still came.

Brianna was REALLY kinky.

When she recovered, I got a firm grip on her slippery body and flipped her over onto her back. Once I got her settled flat, I dragged her body away from where her wrists were bound until her arms were locked straight behind her head, elbows together. I then knelt beside her torso.

Brianna's head shifted left and right, trying to detect where I was going since the blindfold prevented her from being able to see me. I loved the way her arm position forced her to thrust her chest up, her firm tits only slightly sagging to the sides. She smiled in my direction and then moaned when she heard me warming up some more oil in my hands. And as I went to work on her front side, her moans turned into erotic whimpers of pleasure.

My new girlfriend came again before I finished rubbing her down. I smirked to myself, somehow unable to reconcile the pretty but prim young lady at work with the writhing sexual nympho beneath my hands. And with her proud tits offering an enticing valley, I couldn't resist any longer.

I straddled Brianna's chest, and as soon as she felt my cock nestling between her breasts, she picked her head up off the pillow and gaped her mouth open wide in invitation.

First, I squeezed her mammary flesh around my cock, delighting in the supple, slick feeling. Brianna's tits weren't huge, but they were big enough to pull this off. And after some light thrusting, I pushed further forward until my mushroom head nudged between her lips.

Brianna moaned and strained her neck trying to cram more of me into her mouth. I noticed some of the massage oil was now on my shaft, but she didn't care as she inhaled more and more of me while I lifted my hips to feed her with extra meat. And yet, her breasts called to me and I backed out to resume my titfucking.

While I was thrusting in and out of her tits, Brianna gaped her mouth open for me again. I just left her like that, hungry for my cock and not getting it. And after a few minutes, her lips quivered and she whimpered, "Please..." She sniffled and then said again, "Please, David."

I growled down at her, "I do whatever the fuck I want to you."

Brianna's head lay back against the pillow, and I think she came again just hearing me say that. And so I kept using her breasts as my masturbatory tool, pumping faster and squeezing her harder until I felt myself readying to blow.

Without warning, I pulled free and reached out with my left hand to open her mouth while my right fisted my cock and aimed. A moment later, I was shoving inch after inch between her lips, skullfucking her for just three or four pumps before I nutted down her throat.

Brianna gurgled happily as she felt my hot semen filling her mouth, and she slobbered as she swallowed it all down.

I was a really erotic sight for me, seeing a blindfolded Brianna beneath me, my wide shaft still stretching her mouth open while creamy droplets leaked out the corners of her lips. Between that view and her tongue still massaging me, I didn't lose hardness for long. I stayed straddling her face while her talented mouth worked to revive me.

Once she had me ready, we immediately went into Round 2. I slid my way down her oiled body and while she cooed at me to fuck her, and then I pushed my cock into her sopping pussy. She was so wet, I slid in to the hilt without any friction whatsoever. Well, that wasn't good enough.

I pulled up, leaving my mushroom head still inside of her while I pulled her legs together. She was now in a perfect I-form, her hands bound together at the headboard and her feet together hanging off the foot of the bed. From this position, I couldn't get as deeply into her, but she now felt as tight as any virgin.

I fucked her for ten minutes, groping her tits and leaving teeth marks against her neck. Still blind, Brianna just let her head loll side-to-side, whimpering constantly with cute "Oh, oh, oh!" sounds.

Finally, after I shot my wad into her clasping cunt, I rolled over onto my back, gasping for oxygen.

Brianna was panting just as hard as I was. I looked to my side, grinning to myself as I watched her chest heaving up and down. And when I caught my breath, I leaned in to her ear and whispered, "I'm leaving the blindfold on you. While I rest, you are going to lie there and think about how sometime during the next hour, I'm going to tie up your legs and ravage your body until I fill your asshole with all the cum left in my balls."

***

It was almost forty minutes later when I finally spewed everything I had left into Brianna's rectum.

Her body was so shiny it reflected every light in the room. Some of it was the oil, but a lot was from sweat. The whole night, I never removed the bonds from her wrists, and neither did she. Even more, I cuffed her ankles and attached the ends to bungee cords, which were hooked into the large bedposts of her headboard. This had the effect of pulling her legs up and back to the sides in a wide V, under tension. Her ass was lifted a several inches off the bed, leaving her gaping pussy and buttcheeks spread obscenely wide for my viewing pleasure while hanging in mid-air.

She had whimpered when I blew on her clit. She had moaned when I pushed a vibrator into her cunt. And she had screamed when I shoved my cock up her ass.

Somewhere in the middle, Brianna must have passed out. Her body had gone completely limp, causing her hips to bounce freely from the bungee tension and my unrelenting thrusts into her bunghole. She was still out when I gripped her hips and plunged in one final time while my cock spit out wad after wad of jism into her unresisting body.

I took a breather for a few minutes, slumped against her crotch. When I'd regained control of my senses, I pulled my dick free of her anus and finally leaned down to remove her blindfold.

She began to wake up while I was freeing her legs. By the time I got her wrists undone, she groaned in pain at her overstrained muscles, rolling onto her side and curling up into a fetal position.

I let her rest for a bit before gently taking her hand. "Come on. Let's get cleaned up and then I'll change the sheets."

I wound up having to carry her in my arms to the shower. With her head pillowed on my shoulder, I realized that we hadn't even kissed tonight.

***

"Mmm... smells really good, Jen." I closed my eyes and just inhaled the wonderful scent. Tonight was Jen's meatloaf night. It was just one of the nice things about moving in with my good friends: I LOVED meatloaf night.

And on top of that, it was a football Saturday, the last week of regular season College football. Kevin and I spent the day half-buzzed on beer as we watched our alma mater win their last game to finish 9-2 and qualify for a bowl game. 

Between the buzz and the thrill of a late fourth-quarter comeback, I didn't think this day could get much better. Then the smell of Jen's meatloaf hit my nostrils and I realized that there really is a heaven out there somewhere. It was all I could do to wait until she was done.

Two hours later, I let out a loud belch and patted my belly in blissful contentment. "Jen, you are amazing!"

"Pssht," she waved a hand at me. "You always say that."

"Jen," Kevin said in a dead-serious voice. "You are aMAZing!" He leaned in and smiled as she said it, and Jen blushed a deep rosy color.

"Hey! You didn't react like that when I said it!" I complained.

Jen laughed as Kevin scooted his chair over and began raining kisses along his girlfriend's neck and shoulder. She looked at me. "You just don't have that effect on me." She laughed again when his lips found a particularly ticklish spot.

"'Scuse me, dude," Kevin informed me as he got out of his chair and began tugging Jen back towards the bedrooms. "I have to properly show this woman how much I appreciate her cooking."

The two of them laughed and managed to stumble towards their room while still groping at each other.

"You know you're supposed to wait an hour before physical exertion!" I hollered after them, my words falling of deaf ears.

I smirked, and then cut another burp. I really did love Jen's meatloaf.

But the longer I sat at the table alone, my euphoria bled away to be replaced by a sad melancholy. Interspersed with the moans of pleasure leaking out of Kevin and Jen's bedroom were delighted giggles and a general sense of happiness. I was jealous. I wished it was me in there.

Not that I had any designs on Jen. Sure, she was attractive. But I was never attracted to her in that way. We just didn't have that kind of chemistry. No, I was jealous of their loving relationship, of the bond they'd built together over the years.

In the time that I dated E-Beth, then Amber, and now Brianna, the two of them had stayed together. One might say I was the lucky one, bedding a variety of sexual partners instead of remaining faithfully monogamous with one soul mate. But as I felt the emptiness in my gut, despite the full belly, I considered that they were really the lucky ones.

Just last night, Brianna and I had consummated our Sudoku bet. We completed the trifecta in one session, and by the end of the night her bedsheets were completely soaked with mingled sweat, oil, and cum. I don't think I'll ever forget the sight of her shiny, reflective body prostrate before me, both her pussy and asshole dilated wide with my creamy white jism dribbling out.

And yet, on this wonderful Saturday night, I found myself alone and doing the dishes. And later that evening, when I crawled into bed, I did it alone. No soft body was there to share her warmth. My arms ached, not from muscular pain, but from the desire to hold someone tenderly and cuddle.

Not for the first time, I looked out the window to see the moon and the stars. I wondered where Amber was right now. I wondered if she would ever return my phone calls.

I still loved Amber passionately.

And I missed her terribly.

***

I woke up Sunday morning, alone in bed.

This was not a new thing. I'd gotten rather used to it over the past few months. My dating life with Brianna was still in its early stages, with perhaps one evening or two a week spent together. But used to it or not, the situation was a little disappointing nonetheless.

Kevin and Jen were already up by the time I emerged from my bedroom. The smell of fresh bacon filtered through my nostrils and usually the scent was enough to put a smile on my face; but not today.

I was in a depressive funk, probably suffering from Amber-withdrawal. And this morning I listlessly worked my way through breakfast trying not to watch how happy Kevin and Jen were together.

Today was NFL football Sunday. Kevin was already wearing his favorite jersey and soon he settled onto the couch to watch the pre-game shows, his loving girlfriend right by his side. Lazy Sundays were usually my favorite day of the week. But for some reason, I couldn't get into the mood today. The final straw came when Jen slid into Kevin's lap as they started an impromptu tickle fight, giggling and laughing gaily.

I had to get out of there.

"Guys, I gotta run some errands," I stood up and announced.

"Dude, on football Sunday?" Kevin squawked. 

Jen picked up on my mood a little more quickly. "David, are you okay?"

"I'm fine, I'm fine," I waved them off. "I'll see you later."

"You'd better be back in time for the late game!"

A minute later I was in my car, the engine running while I idled in my parking spot. Where the hell was I going? I'd just left my best friends because I couldn't stand to see how happy they were. The obvious choice would be to meet up with Brianna. But as much as our relationship was progressing, she wasn't that kind of girlfriend to me yet, not in my depressed state. We were still dating, still learning about each other the way the early stages of relationship always are. We saw each other only a couple of times a week, every meeting filled with passion and excitement.

For the kind of comfort and affection I was seeking, someone like E-Beth would have been perfect. But she was gone off to her big city. You never really know how good you had it with your college roommates until after you're not living with them anymore.

I blinked and then looked in front of me, only now realizing that I was on the road and moving. Shit, zoned-out-driving couldn't be good for my long-term health. And then I caught sight of the streets and realized where my subconscious mind was automatically taking me. I chuckled inwardly, quite relieved. Well, I guess my brain was smarter than I was. 

Five minutes later, I pulled up outside a small house with a garage and a pretty garden. This was the house that Danielle and Cherys had just recently bought together. I'd gone to my big sister, perhaps the one person who I would always be able to count on, no matter what.

***

It took a while for the door to open. But when it did, Danielle happily exclaimed "David!" and held her arms out to me for a hug. I stepped into her warm embrace, absolutely melting into the sensation of pure affection as she kissed my cheek softly.

When Danielle finally let me go, she stepped back and asked, "What are you doing here?"

"What? I can't visit my big sister anymore?"

Before I could react, she whacked my shoulder. "Dork." And with that, she headed back towards the living room. Cherys was on the couch, watching Food Network or some other chick-channel.

"Hey gorgeous..." I drawled.

"Morning, David," she answered brightly. Cherys was definitely dressed for a stay-at-home Sunday, with only an oversized flannel shirt and panties her attire for the day. I couldn't help but notice the way her tits pushed out at the coarse fabric.

Of course, that line of thought made my eyes dart back to Danielle, who was wearing warm pajama pants and a cropped baby-T that showed off a fit, flat belly. In the slightly cool air, my sister's nipples were obvious dents. Not so long ago, I'd been physically intimate with both beautiful women. The memories of their naked bodies would not soon depart from my mental catalog.

Still, I shook the lewd thoughts from my mind for now. I'd come because I was craving affection, not sex. Whatever else was going on between Brianna and me, sexual fulfillment was being taken care of quite nicely.

"So seriously," Danielle arched an eyebrow at me as she settled into Cherys' cuddling grasp and pulled a blanket over themselves. "What's up? You haven't made a habit of hanging out with us lately."

"I thought it would be nice to change that," I said honestly as I sat down at the other end of the couch and slid my own legs beneath the shared blanket. My frozen toes brushed against Danielle's feet and she gasped at the chilling touch before kicking me in protest.

Both girls looked at me, the TV now forgotten. I shrugged and set my gaze on Danielle, communicating with my eyes more than my words could express. "It feels like ever since you guys graduated, we three just haven't been the same."

It had been quite the eventful couple of years: Amber, both girls' "virginities", their break-up, the rape, and finally their reunion and buying a house together. Things just seemed so much simpler when we were all roommates.

Cherys spoke up. "It was inevitable. We all knew things would change."

"Yeah, but I miss the old life," I answered. "Don't you?"

Danielle reached out her hand and mussed with my hair. "Yeah, squirt."

Cherys' foot snaked out and she touched it to mine beneath the blanket, rubbing me affectionately. "Of course."

"So for old times sake," I began, a pleasant idea popping into my head. "Why don't we just grab a few beers, curl up on this couch, and watch a few movies. Just another lazy day."

Cherys shrugged. "Kind of what we planned anyways. But isn't today a football Sunday?"

Danielle saw it in my eyes. I needed this. So nodding her head slowly, she simply answered, "Sounds like a plan."

***

SPRING (May 2004)

It started off as a pleasant Saturday-night date. But it started going downhill at the restaurant when Brianna spontaneously suggested visiting a new museum exposition on Sunday.

I frowned. "Ooh, can we do it some other time? I promised Danielle and Cherys I'd watch old movies with them tomorrow."
