 The voice on the phone was the one that always sent his heart racing. Beth had this strange hold over him. She knew it. And there was no way he could deny it. Not that he wanted to.

"I'm moving in with him after the holidays," she told him. His heart fell. He knew that this was not only possible but likely. That knowledge was not enough to keep him from hoping that the call meant she needed him...now and forever.

"I'm happy for you sweetheart," he said half heartedly. "You know we need to get together one last time, right?"

"Yes, but it has to be soon"

So plans were made. They would meet in a town between their homes. He had big plans for her. The man she was preparing to spend her life with had no idea where her fantasies lay, how deep they ran inside her, or how to bring them out. Alan did. And he was going to give her at least one of her wilder fantasies.

They met in the lobby of the hotel that was to spend their last night together. He had butterflies in his stomach, anticipating what was ahead. He took her in his arms, kissed her deeply, gently slid his tongue between her lips. His hands found their way to her cute ass, gently massaging it. 

She let her tongue dance with his. Beth felt his cock getting harder against her stomach. She was already wet and thought she was ready for anything.

They got their room and went to change clothes. He had brought the outfit he wanted her to wear. She looked at it and giggled, "What do you have planned for me tonight?" You'll see, he replied," our last night ever will be amazing, something for you to remember always."

She put on the sheer black thigh highs. Then the black half bra, which showed the upper half of her nipples. Then the see through blouse, followed by the tight black knit skirt. Three inch heels finished off the ensemble. 

He really liked what he saw, and he knew that giving her her ultimate fantasy wouldn't be too hard to pull off. He laid her gently on the bed, parting her thighs with his shoulders. Lowering his head his tongue sought her clit. When it found her hardening little nub, she gave him an appreciative squeeze with her thighs, and a moan escaped her throat. 

Just as she was about to cum, he took his tongue from her sweet slit, rolled her on her belly and spread her ass cheeks. He licked up and down the crevice between her asscheeks, until the tip of it found her anus. That drove her insane with lust. She was raising her ass to meet him and he started driving his tongue into her anus. He reached around and fondled her clit until she came, screaming, his tongue buried to the hilt in her anus.

He gave her a few minutes to regain her composure, then he took her by the hand and led her to the hotel restaurant. To say that she attracted attention, would be like saying the cars go fast at Daytona. Every pair of eyes in the restaurant were glued to the lovely Beth. They would have been anyway, but not with the unabashed stares that were so obvious now. Part of her shied away from the attention, but it was a very small part. The rest of her was tingling with excitement. And she was still flushed from cumming so hard at the point of Alan's tongue.

After dinner they went to the other side of the hotel lobby. The club was rocking. A local cover band was playing some good old driving rock and roll. The beat was making her hot, and she didn't even realize it. While Beth was swaying to the music, Alan was watching the rest of the people in the club. Their eyes were on her. Not just the men, even the women were having a hard time turning away from her. Beth was oblivious to the attention this time, getting more and more into the music.

He led her to a table and went to get some drinks. Single malt Scotch for him, Long Island Iced Tea for her. Alan gave the bartender a little extra to make it stronger than usual. The drink had the desired effect. She was getting tipsy. Not enough to be wasted, but definitely enough to have lost her inhibitions. He wanted her to remember everything about this night...forever.

After they finished the first round of drinks, he took her to the dance floor. They were moving together like Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing. Again they had the attention of everyone in the club. After the song was over, Alan led her back to the table. He went for more drinks, this time regular strength. As he was waiting for the bartender, he saw a couple and two men that were seriously eyeing her. He walked to them and simply gave them a number 169. Their room number. If he read them right, Beth's fantasy was about to be fulfilled.

They had one more dance. They were moving so fast and hot together, her breasts slipped out of the half bra. He dipped her and the people he had given the number to got a clear view of her shaved pussy. She seemed to have no idea that she was being shown off. 

They finished the dance, then back to the table to finish their drinks. Alan made eye contact with the couple again. She tipped him a wink. The other two guys gave a wave as he led her from the club. 

When they got back to the room, Beth was ready for action. The drinks and dancing had made her so hot, she threw him on the bed, unzipped his pants and took his cock in her hot mouth. He was hard in an instant as she gave him the blowjob from heaven. As hard as she was going at his cock, it didn't take long. She swallowed every drop of his come and grinned at him when she was done, licking her lips seductively.

He started undressing her taking his time and kissing her bare flesh as he removed her clothing. when she was totally naked, she excused herself, and went to the bathroom. While she was in there, he set up the props. He attached two sets of handcuffs to the legs of the bed, and hid a blindfold under a pillow. When she came back to the bed, he was naked. He laid her on the bed, stealthily moving her arms over her head. Before she could react, he had one wrist in the handcuffs. She giggled at his playfulness, until he also had her other wrist secured. She looked up at him and he smiled. She relaxed again. When she laid her head on the pillow, he uncovered the blindfold, and put it in place. She was really getting excited. By not being able to see, the feelings she had when he touched and kissed her body were even more intense than usual. 

As he was kissing and touching her, the couple came into the room. Alan rose from the bed, and the man of the two took his place at her head. Seeing her tied up, the new man was erect immediately. He placed the head of his cock against Beth's lips and she started sucking. She had most of his cock in her mouth when the woman started kissing Beth's thighs. She made her way slowly, deliberately, up Beth's legs until she was kissing Beth's labia. She gently slid her tongue between them. Beth tensed up slightly, but only for a moment. The drinks were still having their effects on her, and this felt so damned good she didn't have the strength to resist. The other two men from the club came in and stripped, joining the mass of humanity on the bed. Each one took one of Beth's nipples in their mouths and began sucking hungrily. Between the licking on her pussy and the sucking on her nipples, Beth was about to cum, and cum hard. As her orgasm started wracking her body, the men sucking her nipples got up and placed their cocks in her immobile hands. She was able to get them hard quickly, just as the woman finished her dessert. Alan undid the handcuffs, but left the blindfold on. One of the men laid on the bed, his hard cock standing at complete attention. 

Beth felt herself lifted and lowered, until the head of his cock was against her anus. Then lowered more until it was inside her, completely. The man from the couple took his place between her thighs, rubbing the head of his cock up and down her slit. Once the man in her ass was all the way in, the other started sliding his cock into her wet pussy. The other man placed his cock against Beth's lips, and she took it into her mouth. Beth was now living her ultimate fantasy. Having all her holes filled with erect cocks. Alan had the woman sit in the chair. He walked to Beth and took away the blindfold, so she could see what was happening. He then went to the woman and began kissing her, fondling her breasts at the same time. Beth looked over just in time to see him bury his tongue between her labia. Lucky Lady she thought, but not as lucky as me. 

The cocks in her pussy and ass were moving in and out against each other, and she could feel them rub together. She also knew that they'd be coming soon. She increased the pressure on the cock in her mouth so they would all cum at once. All four of them. She timed it well, feeling the cock in her ass shoot first, then the one in her pussy, which set off the most powerful orgasm she'd ever had. Then the one in her mouth dropped it's heavy hot load. Listening to the action on the bed set the lady with Alan off. She screeched when he made her cum.

After sipping some champagne, they all kind of traded places. Beth still had all her holes filled, but this time she was being the aggressor, on her hands and knees and directing the action. Alan was buried balls deep in the woman's ass. This time all six of them came at the same time. The smell of sex was pungent. One by one they gave Beth a kiss. The woman gave a long deep kiss to Alan, along with their home phone number. 

Alan called housekeeping to get replacement sheets, while Beth cleaned herself up. After the sheets came, Alan joined Beth in the shower. They remade the bed and cuddled together. Beth was still glowing from pure sexual satisfaction.

"Now I can let you go my love. While my fondest wish was to fall asleep holding you forever, I can move on knowing I gave you the ultimate sexual experience. You'll always remember this night, and how much I love you. How much I will always love you.

With a tear rolling down her cheek, Beth fell asleep in Alan's arms for the last time.