 The table in the Board of Directors' room at Cirrus Airlines was constructed from over twenty different varieties of hardwood trees, fitted together in such a way that the entire table looked as though it came from a single – albeit variegated – piece of wood. The table weighed over 300 pounds and encompassed nearly half the room. It sat twenty five people comfortably in high-backed, wide black leather seats around its perimeter. It was the centerpiece of the room as well as a virtual icon of corporate power in its very existence.

Dawn backed up against the rounded edge of the table and pressed her hands to the smooth, hard surface. She placed her left foot on the seat of the leather chair to her left and then raised her other foot to the chair on her right. She spread her smooth, muscular thighs wide apart, hiking her pleated plaid skirt nearly up to her waist, exposing the slim band of white fabric that stretched across her sex. She took her right hand and began to slowly unbutton the front of her white blouse, revealing a tiny white, sheer matching bra that barely covered her full breasts. Her nipples were hard against the fabric, protruding nearly half an inch into the flimsy cup.

David watched from the doorway, pressing his hand against his crotch. His cock was already hard from watching her and the pressure made him ache to release it from the confines of his pants. As Dawn spread her blouse wide open he moved forward, but she held up her hand for him to stop. "Not yet," she whispered. He followed her fingertips with his eyes as they traveled down the length of her body over her stomach to the waistband of her skirt, around to her hip and then down over the top of her thigh. She lazily trailed her fingers up the inside of her thigh to her pussy, and then continued back up her body to her breasts. His breathing was already quick and he could feel the room getting warmer with each passing second. He gripped his erection and squeezed; a wave of electricity spread throughout his entire groin. As Dawn drew small circles around her nipple with the tip of her forefinger, David's hand closed around the sizable girth of his erection and slowly squeezed.

Dawn knew that he wouldn't be able to maintain his composure much longer, but she wanted him totally under her spell before taking him. She let the blouse slip down off her shoulders and then slipped the bra straps down as well. She pulled the light fabric covering her right breast down and exposed her flesh to him. She heard him audibly gasp. Then she reached down and took the erect nipple between her thumb and forefinger and pulled and stretched it towards David. She saw his eyes grow a bit wider, so she exposed the other breast and took the other nipple in her other hand and pulled them both towards him. His pleasure was only half of what she felt; the electric charge was felt all the way down between her thighs and deep into her cunt. It was time, she decided, to get him really going.

"Undress," she whispered, "slowly."

David slipped out of his shoes, untied his blue-and-red striped tie and unbuttoned his blue oxford cloth shirt. Dawn's eyes followed each button as she began to slowly unfasten her skirt. When he dropped his shirt to the ground, Dawn pulled her blouse and bra off and let them slide to the ground as well. As David unzipped and unbuttoned his pants, Dawn pulled the small skirt out from underneath her and let it fall. She watched his pants fall to his ankles before looking back up at the enormous tent in his plain blue boxer shorts. She actually licked her lips when he hooked his thumbs into the waistband and pulled the boxers down past his knees. His cock was so hard that she could see the veins throbbing along the shaft; he must be at least ten inches, she thought. The head was swollen into such a huge knob that she wondered if she'd even get it past her opening, and his shaft was so thick that she winced slightly at the delicious pain she would feel trying to get it all into her. Light hair curled around the base of his member and up to his stomach, but his balls looked to be cleanly shaven. They were heavy and large and perfect for sucking, she decided. She lightly dropped her feet to the ground, slipped her fingers into the tiny elastic band of her panties and slowly slid them down her thighs. Her smoothly shaven sex glistened with her juices and the cool air conditioning only served to arouse her even more as she felt it on her wet, swollen labia.

"Now come here," he said quietly, "and sit down." She pointed at the large leather chair to her right. David obediently walked over, cock swaying in front of him like a sexual divining rod. Dawn wasted no time in kneeling between his thighs and taking his cock into her mouth. Her lips pressed down over the head; god, he was huge! She had to force her jaw open a little more just to take the swollen tip into her mouth. Slowly, very slowly, she pressed her mouth farther down the shaft, taking nearly half of it in before feeling her gag reflex kick in. She heard his satisfied moan and looked up to see his head back and eyes closed, a smile on his lips. Slowly, she brought her mouth back up his thick shaft – dragging her bottom teeth along the hard ridge at the back of his cock – before closing her lips around his rim. Her tongue danced around and around, swirling over the head and flicking its sensitive edges. David's sounds of pleasure guided the speed of her motions. She gripped the shaft with her hand and began to slowly pump it as she sucked his head. Occasionally, she would slide her mouth down his shaft until she could feel the head press against the very back of her throat. Then she would slowly slide back up, feeling the throbbing against her tongue as she pressed hard against the shaft.

David's head swam with conflicting emotions. He wanted Dawn to keep going, to bring him to a climax and take his load of thick cum right down her throat. He even saw it in his mind: his cock jumping and throbbing, shooting streams of sticky jism into her mouth and her licking and sucking it down, swallowing every last drop. Just that image brought him one step closer. However, he also wanted Dawn to stop right then so that he could impale her tight pussy. He wanted to fuck her until she gasped and squirmed and screamed for him to stop. And then he would fuck her harder. He would hear her beg to stop and he would turn her around and fuck her all over again. He would fuck her and fuck her until she was having involuntary orgasms every second. Those thoughts brought him even closer and he knew he needed to concentrate on something else.

Dawn gave him the distraction he needed. She lightly kissed the head of his cock and then hopped up on the board table. She spread her thighs wide apart and beckoned David over with her finger. As he walked up to her, she placed her hands lightly on his shoulders and pressed him to his knees. Then she leaned back on her hands as felt his warm breath on her sex.

David glanced once into Dawn's eyes and then let his eyes travel around the table.

Twenty pairs of eyes stared back at him. The entire Board of Directors of Cirrus Airlines stared in rapt attention. These were the officers of the corporation – senior executives of Cirrus as well as captains of other industries – also caught up in the moment. He leaned into Dawn's fragrant pussy and lightly flicked her swollen lips with his tongue. He saw the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation lick his own lips. He pressed his tongue further between Dawn's lips, noting with satisfaction the way one woman opened her own mouth and imitated his action. Ignoring them completely, David went down on Dawn.

He slid his tongue up the length of her swollen slit from her wet, warm box to her hard, erect clitoris. He lingered there for a moment, circling her hard knob and tracing a figure-8 over and around it, before taking it completely into his mouth and sucking it like a small penis. His hands pressed her thighs even wider, spreading her lips farther apart. He trailed his tongue down to her gaping pleasure hole and lightly rimmed it, going around and around before gently flicking inside. Dawn emitted a light gasp. David pressed his tongue a bit further inside, then retracted it. She gasped again. "Don't stop doing that," she whispered heavily. David pressed again, then withdrew. He pressed, then withdrew, over and over again until his mouth and chin were covered in a sheen of Dawn's sweet nectar. She tasted divine. His thumb found her clit and he pressed down until he felt her vaginal muscles contract slightly around his tongue. Again and again, David pressed his tongue just far enough into Dawn's cunt to elicit a reaction, but no farther. He glanced up and saw that she had laid back on the table, giving a glorious, full-body shot to their audience. He continued to rim her pussy – even when her breath began to get ragged and her moans louder – bringing more and more sweet honey to the entrance. His thumb pressed, then massaged as he went on. "Give me more," Dawn pleaded hoarsely, "give me more. Fill my cunt, David. Fill it. I want more, David. Fill my fucking cunt!" David ignored her pleas, continuing to rhythmically press and release at her opening. Dawn began to lightly shake. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum. Fuck, fuck, fuck... I need to cum. Fill it now, David. Put something inside my cunt, dammit." David never stopped pressing in and out. He loved hearing her voice and loved even more the coarse gutter language she was using. His thumb pressed against her tender clit harder. "Goddamn it, David," Dawn moaned loudly, "fuck me now! Shove your cock in my cunt now! Give me something in my hole! Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it hard, now!" He could feel her muscles beginning to contract around his tongue and knew that it was just a matter of applying the right pressure to bring her to climax. He took his fore- and middle-fingers and placed them against her opening. His thumb pressed harder and he felt her body shake. Then, with one swift motion, he slammed his fingers all the way up her dripping wet cunt. It only took a moment for him to find her G-spot. Dawn's body went rigid, her back arched away from the table, and she let out a long, loud moan. "Oh, fuck yes!" she screamed. He withdrew his fingers and rammed them home again. "Oh fucking shit, yes!" she screamed again. He slid his fingers out and plunged them back in. Dawn climaxed and collapsed back on the table.

You could have heard a pin drop on the carpeted floor of the Board Room. David looked up from between Dawn's thighs and said, "Who's first?"

A man near the far end of the table stood up and walked over. David knew him: he was the sitting Chairman of one of the largest automotive suppliers in the world. David admired his guts; it took a very self-confident man to begin these proceedings. The man quickly undressed, but left his starched white shirt and neatly tied blue tie on. Dawn opened her eyes to see him standing in front of her between her thighs. His large cock was rigid, poised and ready to enter her. She smiled. She looked over at David, seated in the leather chair. He held his erect penis in his hand and slowly stroked up and down, smiling all the while at her. Then, watching David masturbate, she wrapped her legs around the pilot's waist and felt him slip into her.

The automotive Chairman fucked her – hard – giving her every inch of his thick, eight-inch cock. Dawn felt every inch, too, feeling his thick head nearly all the way back in her womb. Suddenly she felt something brush her cheek and turned to see another penis waving by her face. She grabbed hold and brought it to her mouth, sucking hard and deep. The man between her legs quickly brought her to another orgasm, intensified by the feeling of lips around her nipple. She glanced down to see a woman hungrily licking and biting her tender knobs. Another cock appeared at the other side of her face and so she went back and forth between the two – sucking first one, then the other – pumping and squeezing with each of her hands as she sucked them off. The man between her legs came – she felt the gush of his cum deep inside her – and was promptly replaced by another hard cock that began banging away at her pussy. Both erections in her hands began to spasm and she felt the warm ropes of cum spill across her face, into her mouth and dripping down either side. Her hips felt the movements of the man thrusting in and out of her cunt and soon she felt another orgasm build, then explode, as she felt his cum shoot into her.

She lost count after the sixth man had filled her box with hot, sticky cum. At one point she looked up to see a woman straddling her face and, involuntarily, she stuck out her tongue and felt it slide into the woman's warm pussy. While someone thrust his huge cock in and out of her now dripping pussy, Dawn sucked and tongue-fucked a woman into a climax of her own, ultimately spilling her juices down Dawn's face. When the woman got up, a hard penis was there in waiting. She had no idea how many guys had cum down her throat or into her pussy; she only knew that one cock had not. She jolted and bucked as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her sex, sending wave after wave of electric warmth throughout her entire body. Her nipples burned, her pussy felt like it was on fire, and her cheeks actually ached from taking one man after another into her mouth. And yet, she waited, knowing there was still one cock out there to have.

Finally, she heard a voice say, "Now let me have her."

David got up from his seat and walked over to Dawn's glistening prone body. He roughly pulled her to a standing position and then turned her around, forcing her body down to the hard surface. He motioned for a woman to come over. "Sit down in front of her," he said calmly, "and put her face in your lap." The woman quickly straddled Dawn's face, placing her nose and mouth directly into her bare crotch. David slid his fingers up through Dawn's damp hair and gripped a handful. He lifted her face and pressed it into the woman's sex. Dawn needed no instruction; her mouth went down on the woman's clit and her tongue began to circle and flick the sensitive knob.

David spread Dawn's thighs wide apart and started to massage her vagina. His finger slipped in and out, getting wetter and stickier as he went further inside. He brought some of her liquids back up to her clenched anus and began to massage them into her tight back door. Dawn loosened up even as she dove deeper into the woman's pussy. When Dawn's anus was as slick and wet as her cunt, David positioned his cock against the opening and began to slowly enter her. Dawn knew that her ass was not virgin territory, but she felt her hole stretched beyond anything she'd ever even imagined as he pressed the head of his cock into her. The farther he got, the more frenetic Dawn's tongue moved over the woman's clit and hole. As he pressed deeper and deeper into Dawn's back door, David began to massage and knead her muscular ass cheeks. 

His cock began to slide easily in and out and he started to fuck her ass with intensity. He released her hair and concentrated both hands on her firm cheeks, gripping and massaging them with every stroke. She was tight – her anus gripped his cock and stroked him harder than he thought possible – but each stroke was bringing him closer to a climax. He could feel that she was getting close as well; her breathing was hoarse and the sounds of her slurping and licking were soon intermingled with her moans. She got very close at one point – David felt her tighten up and saw her back tremble – but a sharp slap to her right ass cheek took her momentarily down. Dawn jumped at the intense pain, but it mellowed into a warm glow that actually enhanced her rising climax. She quickly felt another orgasm build, but David's quick slap on her other cheek took her down another notch. However, her orgasm built at an even faster rate and she couldn't hold back.

"Fuck me hard now, David," she pleaded, her voice muffled by the woman's soaking wet pussy, "fuck my fucking ass hard now! Fuck me, fuck me fuck me! Ream my fucking ass with your fucking cock now!"

David spanked her ass again, but this time he followed up with an intense pounding by his cock in her tender ass. He began to savagely thrust in and out of her, banging as hard as he could, as deeply as he could go, into her backside. His thighs slapped against hers, his stomach pressed against her ass and his throbbing cock ripped into her over and over and over again. Dawn began to moan, then cry, then scream at the top of her voice, "Yes, yes, yes, yes! Fuck me, David! Fuck my ass! Get it! Fuck it hard! Give me your fucking cock in my ass!" And, just as she felt her orgasm rise up and over the top, she buried her tongue as far as it would go into the woman's cunt and was rewarded with a shower of warm pussy juices in her mouth. The woman came in Dawn's face just as Dawn came. And David felt his own climax come at that precise moment as well. He thrust once more, as deeply as he could possibly get, and shot a huge load of white hot sticky cum deep into Dawn's ass. He heard her scream once and shot another load into her backside. He looked up to see the woman straining and arching back against the table, her tits pointed straight up to the ceiling, saw Dawn's face buried in the woman's pussy, and this caused another orgasm to spill out.

David collapsed against Dawn's back, his cock still buried to the hilt in her ass. Dawn laid her head against the woman's drenched crotch and smiled. If every Board meeting was this exhilarating, she was going to enjoy her new position as Executive Vice President. She looked up to see the CFO slowly running his fingertip around the nipple of the Vice President of Human Resources' left breast. And the VP of HR had a glazed look on her face that Dawn didn't quite understand until she saw another Vice President on his knees in front of her with his face buried in her crotch. On the other side of the table, a third Vice President was slowly fucking a female CEO of a computer corporation while a woman who had been an Ambassador to a Middle Eastern emirate was giving head to the Vice-Chairman of Cirrus, seated in a chair. The sights made her pussy begin to twitch all over again.

David didn't think he'd have another orgasm for days – maybe even weeks – but the sight of the Board continuing what they'd started brought his cock back to life. He sat down in a leather chair and slowly began to stroke his member back to hardness. Dawn came over and knelt down in front of him. "Here," she whispered, "let me help." She took his thickening rod in her hand and began to masturbate him. David couldn't help but feel a huge degree of satisfaction; it had been his idea to present Dawn to the Board and his idea to introduce everyone to the pleasures of sexually-driven Board meetings. Despite his lowly standing as Secretary to the Board, he knew his ideas were being held in high regard. And he loved the power it brought with their acceptance. As Dawn began to take his hardened cock into her mouth he saw the Chairman himself walk up behind her, kneel down and drive his dick into her exposed cunt. The Chairman gave him a wink and a smile and David knew his time at Cirrus had come.