 Dawn broke over the docks, waking us gently in the cabin of Rae's Song. I stretched out, laying my head comfortably on Steve's bare chest. He woke with a smile as I pulled the sheet off of us and straddled his lap, both of us still naked from our tryst the night before. "Hey there sailor," I said smirking as I felt the stirring in his loins. I leaned in and kissed him delicately, then hopped off him giggling as reached up to paw at my breasts. "Too late for that, sleepyhead! We have to help Rach and Dave get everything ready." I slipped into a pair of panties and a light t-shirt, and padded out to the galley. 

A very bubbly Rachel greeted me as she was starting to get breakfast ready. Judging by the way she was dressed, she had a similar wake up to mine. Simple black bikini style panties sent her gorgeous legs on for days, and a cute pink camisole clung to her breasts, leaving just a whisper of midriff at the hem. I gave her a friendly peck on the cheek and started the coffee. Dave came out of their stateroom, dressed comfortably in an unbuttoned linen shirt and swim trunks. We all took it in turns to shower as we got ready to lift anchor. By the time I was getting dressed for the day, the sun was beating down on the boat, so I opted for one of the bikinis Rachel helped me pick out. The lavender halter top teasingly suggested the outline of my rich pink nipples, and the slinky bottoms hung low on my hips. I wrapped a pearled, white sarong around my waist and padded out barefoot to the galley, where the others were sitting down to a big breakfast. 

Steve's eyes drank me in and glazed over with lust as I sat next to him. I shot him a coy smile and joined the chit chat.

"So did we all have a fun night?" I teased my hosts.

"Sounded like every one was enjoying themselves," Dave said smirking. "But at least some of us could keep everything in our pants long enough to make it to a cabin."

I just smiled and shrugged.

"Hey, your fiancee is right. There's just something about that sea air really gets to a girl. Hell, if I were you, I'd have my honeymoon on this boat."

"From what I could hear, I'd be a bad friend not to let Steve take you out whenever he wants!" Dave laughed. Even I reddened a bit at this jibe, but only partly from embarrassment. The embers of last night still burned inside me, and they flared a bit as our passion was discussed so openly. Rachel gazed dreamily out at the water as her skin flushed to match mine. Her eyes closes heavily as she daydreamed for another second, before her husband-to-be snapped everyone back to reality.

"Alright!" He said quickly. "Sarah's showing the right initiative here." Turning to Steve and Rachel, "Get dressed you two slackers, we've got to get going. Don't be too long, or I'll have you scrubbing barnacles off the hull!" We laughed and rolled our eyes at his 'captainly' threats, finished off our breakfasts and Dave sent them off to get dressed as we cleaned up. As we were washing the dishes, Dave gave me his patented smug grin and asked, "So you two felt the effects of the salt breeze, huh? I guess you see why Rachel and I spend so many weekends out here."

"Absolutely! And it must be even nicer when you get out on the water and are away from everything. I can see why Rachel likes to pack.....lightly when coming down here," I said, smirking. I'd never been shy with Dave, in fact all four of us loved a bit of harmless flirtation and innuendo, but this was all a bit brazen for us. Just as I began to over-think the situation, Steve and Rachel came up from belowdecks, dressed and washed, and we were finally ready to set off.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Later in the afternoon, once we were well away from shore, Rachel and I were basking in the sun on the aft deck as our boyfriends fished. The warm sun and the ocean had as all in a beautiful lull. Steve finally spoke and snapped us all out of our daydreaming. 

"You know, Sarah. There's a lot of pressure on us now. We each have to throw a hell of a party before these two have their big day."

Rachel stretched out and chuckled. "Oh please. You boys will just pick a weekend and go to Vegas to gamble, drink, and go to a bunch of strip clubs. Now Sarah here has a tough job. Bachelorette parties are much more nuanced. Spas and shopping trips and party games....and of course making the right choice off the Chippendale's menu!"

I quickly thought back to the highlights of other bachelorette parties I'd been to. "I've already got a few things in mind," I said. "Plus, you know me. I'll have just the right blend of naughty and nice. We played a great bar scavenger hunt for my sister's bachelorette, I may have to bring that one back. Plenty of shenanigans for the bride-to-be to find herself in." That pricked up the ears around me.

"A little cliche, admittedly, but fun stuff. Fake proposal picture, getting a guy to give you his boxers, plus embarrassing shots, obviously."

"Like what?" Dave asked.

"Well..." I said, smiling. "My sister's bachelorette involved no small amount of tequila bodyshots amongst the bridesmaids. And lining up three guys with blowjobs shots for me, my sister, and the matron of honor was pretty awesome."

Rachel rolled over and looked at me, one eyebrow cocked behind her sunglasses, her skin glistening in the sunshine. "What's a blowjob shot?"

"It's pretty damn tasty," I chuckled, as Steve and Dave made a few snarky comments. "It's Bailey's and amaretto, topped off with whipped cream. You get a guy to sit down, plop the glass between his legs, and you, uh, you don't use your hands to drink it."

"No hands, huh? Like a damn pro!" Dave chuckled. "Must be quite the sight. That AND the body shots."

"Then you would have LOVED how the bride wound up with whipped cream all down her chin! She got so much shit for that," I said, laughing.

As we traded more jokes at the idea of my soon-to-be-married sister with the whipped cream on her chin, Rachel got up and disappeared belowdecks for a few minutes. As I walked over to where the boys were to give Steve a kiss, I heard Rachel come up to the deck. In her hand was a tray with shot glasses, bottles of Bailey's and tequila, limes and salt, and of course, whipped cream.

"Why not start the festivities now?" she asked with a trademark smirk. Rachel placed the tray on the table in the center of the lounge, placed her hands on her sassily-cocked hips, and asked impatiently, "Well, who's joining me?" Steve and Dave practically raced over to the lounger. They plopped themselves down with idiot grins on their faces as Rachel started pouring out the "blowjobs."

She handed me one and, before anybody had time to react, knelt down in front of my Steve! Steve just smiled and shrugged as Dave chuckled. Not willing to back down in this little game of chicken with my friend, I gave Dave the eyes as I took my position. Rachel bit her lip as she placed the shot between Steve's legs, never breaking eye contact with me. Determined to up the ante, I ran my hand over Dave's thigh, gently prying his legs a litle further open. This was new territory for the four of us. I looked over at Steve for some reassurance, and his confident smile let me know that he was game for this. I wasn't sure where this train was going, but Rachel was definitely the conductor, and the rest of us were along for the ride.

Hamming it up a bit now, I made a big show of putting my hair up in a pony tail, arching my back and pressing my small, taut breasts toward Dave. I could feel my nipples starting to tighten behind my thin bikini top. Rachel continued the one-up-manship as she laid her head on Steve's knee, petting his other thigh idly. The position of her head gently pressed the side of her soft breast into his calf. 

Tearing her gaze away from my boyfriend, Rachel turned her head to me and asked, "What do you say, Sarah? Ready to go down? One at a time, or together?"

Eager to wrest some control back from the mischevious Rachel, I simply clasped both hands behind my back and dove my head towards the glass resting in Dave's crotch. Sealing my lips around the opening of the glass, I picked it up and threw my head back, freeing the sweet, creamy shot. Leaning back into Dave's legs, I dropped the glass tight to his crotch, and turned to face my friend. Rachel was finishing up her shot and dropping the glass back on the lounger. She turned to me, a drop of Bailey's on her lower lip, and smoulder in her eyes. I simply had to.

I kissed her. And as I leaned over to her, I knew I fell into her trap exactly as she planned. Rachel growled into my kiss as we tasted each other. Her hands ran from my collarbone, down my ribcage, over my hips, and pulled me by the ass closer to her. I reached up with my own and cupped her face as she mashed our cores together. Our tongues danced as we traded the last drops of the sweet liqueur between our mouths. Her soft breasts pressed urgently against mine, and she tumbled over me as she pushed me to my back.

"Oh my god, Rachel," I said breathily as she kissed the delicate curve of my neck. She was playing me like a fiddle, and I was fucking loving it. I was so enraptured by our kiss that I had completely forgotten about our boyfriends, who were watching entusiastically, until Rachel broke our kiss. Sitting up to grab the whipped cream and Bailey's again, she finally addressed Dave and Steve.

"Who'd like a drink? Bachelors first?" She casually squirted a line of whipped cream down my tummy, stopping just above my navel. Dave looked hestitant, but he smiled at me when I bit my lip and stretched my arms over my head invitingly. He looked over to Steve for the final approval. 

"Go on man, it's your bachelor party!" Steve chuckled. And with that, Dave settled into position between my legs. My back arched up off the deck as his tongue slurped up from my belly button to the hem of my top. Rachel quickly set about pouring some of the Bailey's into my navel, and her lover greedily lapped it up. I gasped sharply when Dave's tongue bravely chased a few stray drops by running his tongue horizontally across my belly, tracing the soft skin just above the band of my bikini bottoms.

"Mmmmmm-mmmmm good!" he said, licking his lips. He kissed Rachel as she beckoned Steve over with her index finger. Keying in on my reaction to the lick on my lower stomach, she set me up for Steve's shot with a line of whipped cream from hip bone to hip bone, retracing the path of Dave's tongue. She was showing me no mercy.

Switching places with Dave, Steve sank to his knees between my own. I thrust my hips up at him before his lips even reached my sizzling skin. The attention of my friends had my whole body tingling as my nipples threatened to burst through my top. My groan was unmistakably sexual as Steve traced my favorite zig-zag pattern over my abdomen.

"Oooooh fuck babe," I whimpered again as the creamy booze was sucked off my trim stomach. It was only now that I noticed I had locked my legs around Steve's waist, pulling him to close me. Three lustful gazes seared into me, and I knew something was going to break. Rachel knew it, too. And she knew she would be the one to do it.

"My turn!"

Grinning like a Cheshire cat, she grabbed the whipped cream can and the bottle. Straddling my hips, she cackled maniacally. Before I could even react, Rachel had my bikini top up over my breasts and resting on my neck. Two quick squirts of whipped cream capped off each of my mounds, hiding my nipples once again. I looked at her with wide, lusting eyes as I whimpered, like putty in her hands. Rachel was just....Rachel. Cool, confident, reassuring. 

"Please..." I whispered, finally voicing my need.

Rachel cupped my face gently as she wriggled down my body. Licking a straight line up the underside of my left breast, her lips latched around my nipple. Sucking gently, she pulled it away from my tit as her hands held my hips down, releasing it after a second or two, allowing it to pop back into the air, slurped clean of any whipped cream. Shifting slightly, she began to pour the liqueur into the small valley between my breasts. With a long, flat tongue stroke, she licked all the booze off of me, and, without swallowing it, latched onto my other nipple. Again she gently pulled the hard nub of flesh away from the soft rise beneath it, this time lightly biting just behind my piercing.

I couldn't stop moaning now.

Releasing my pink, swollen nipple, Rachel straightened up, still astride my torso, flung her luscious brown hair back, and gulped down the shot. The instant she parted her lips again, I sat up, wrapped my arms around her hips, and kissed her like a long lost lover. Her fingers tangled in the hair at the back of my head, while her other hand gently tweaked my aching nipple. She hadn't forgotten about the time I told her my piercing made me more sensitive there. I was on fire.

Reaching lower now, my hands found the full curve of her butt. I squeezed those firm globes and finally elicited a moan that could match mine. Rachel's tongue danced inside my mouth as our lips pressed even harder together. She tweaked my nipple a little harder now, sensing my arousal. For just a moment, I broke away from our kiss. As my hands headed for her boobs, she yanked her own top up and off, throwing it down on the deck. I took a moment to untangle my own top from my neck before locking our lips back together.

"Ohhh god, yes Sarah," my best friend moaned as I cupped her wonderful boobs.

This was the most sexual we'd ever been, by far, and yet it didn't feel like new territory. We had shared so much over the years that we already spoke the language of each other's bodies. I pushed her big, soft breasts together and kissed the delicate skin, just as she had told me she liked, and she moaned louder now. Her hips ground down into my torso as I felt the heat radiate from between her legs. Her body twisted and I shrieked at the electric shock through my core as her hand cupped my eager sex.

"Sarah," she said, cool and calm, as though she were about to ask me the time. "I'm gonna fuck you Sarah. Right here on this deck. Your boyfriend and my fiancee are gonna watch me make you come."

I couldn't even speak. All I could do was open my knees even more to her hand. There was some murmuring from the boys, but I quickly pushed that out of my mind. Only Rachel occupied my immediate focus, my imminent need. Pushing me flat onto my back, she worked her way down my neck and collarbone with her full lips, still slowly rocking her hand on my pussy; I was so wet for her.

"Rr..rr.rach..." I could barely stammer out her name as her wet lips found my tits again, repeating the same soft nibble, slow stretch routine on each nipple, back and forth. That delicious pressure stayed on my sopping puss the whole while. I knew that the thin material didn't hide any of my heat from her.

"I've wanted this for so long," she whispered. "Since the first time we kissed, I've wanted you to be my first. I want to taste you, Sarah."

"Oh god yes. Rachel, please," I begged her as I raised my hips up off the deck desperately. For all the fantasizing I had done about this beautiful girl, I had never honestly expected it to go this far. I trembled at the prospect.

Her kisses snaked now across my belly and stopped at my hip bones. The fog lifted from my brain long enough to look over at the boys, still seated on the bench above us. They were barely keeping it together. Steve's eyes seared into mine and, just as Rachel hooked her index fingers into the waistband of my bottoms, he mouthed "I love you."

I sighed and layed back as Rachel pulled down my last scrap of cover. My arousal clung to the dark spot in the crotch of the bathing suit. Rachel's hot breath tantalized me, hovering over the eye of the storm she created. The guys groaned as she shifted lower, kissing the inside of my thigh. Rachel lazily kissed up my thighs, taking in the feeling of my skin before crossing a new boundary.

Everything in the world except for Rachel and me faded out of focus. When her tongue dragged up my dripping slit, I wanted to scream, but I couldn't make a sound. My toes curled as my body tensed. And when her lips latched onto my clit, the scream broke out from my throat. She traced delicate patterns on my button as I thrased around on the deck. Rachel's big brown eyes looked up at me as she pressed her mouth down my dripping sex.

"Ohhhh god yes Rachel, eat my pussy babe. Please, please, don't fucking stop, please," I torrented eager profanities as my legs clamped my beautiful friend's head in place.

Rachel expertly follwed the motion of my squirming hips as she continued to eat me out. Her tongue was delicate, determined to seduce my pleasure, not take it by force. I was surprised at how quickly she had me careening out of control. My hands drifted up to my tits, squeezing and pulling on my nipples. 

It wasn't going to take much longer.

Then she slid two of her fingers inside me, and I screamed her name yet again. My best friend had me desperate to cum, right there in front of her fiance. And I absolutely loved it. Her moans hummed into my core now as she felt how close I was. Rachel gently sucked on my clit, and finally the dam broke. My moans seized up in my throat, my thrashing hips froze for an instant, as every fiber of my being tightened and threatened to snap.

"Raaachuughhhhhhh!" I couldn't even finish her name. 

Everything went blurry, and everything came into focus. Everything hurt, and everything was perfect. As the tension broke, and broke, and broke through my body in endless spasms, Rachel kept up her beautiful work on my burning pussy. Just before I had to push her away, her tongue slowed to a gentle lull on my now hypersensitive button. I collapsed in a puddle beneath her.

Rachel sat up and smiled dreamily, wiping some of my wetness off her chin, then slurping it up off her fingers.

"Sarah, that was better than I could have dreamed. You're so fucking sexy, and you taste so damn good!" she said with a chuckle. 

I needed to kiss her, but I could barely move or speak. She giggled and slid up my body once I motioned her up. The kiss we shared was slow, lazy, and tender. I was finally regaining some of my senses, and I realized how much I wanted to return the favor. My hands wandered over Rachel's sides, down her stomach, and finally between her legs. Her wetness radiated through her bottoms as she gently ground her sex into my hand. Just as I tried to slip my fingers into her bottoms, she slipped away from me.

"Plenty of time for that later," she said, shifting her gaze to Dave. "Right now, I've gotta go see about my fiance."

"Shit," I thought to myself as Rachel crawled over towards Dave on the seats. "Forgot about them."

I was so caught up in my friend, that I had totally pushed our audience out of my mind. The boys sat a bit awkwardly, not really knowing what to do, but Steve gave me a reassuring smile as Rachel reached Dave. I could tell they were both unaccustomed to being so passive, but were along for the ride. Both of their shorts were straining to contain their hardness. Rachel wasted no time in rubbing Dave through his shorts as she kissed him. I knew he could taste me on her lips. I slid myself over towards Steve's legs as Rachel kissed her way down her fiance's taut chest.

It shouldn't have been a surprise, but time stopped again as Rachel yanked Dave's shorts down. His cock sprang out and slapped against her cheek, angrily demanding some attention. Rachel just giggled and held it against her cheek. Steve and I were entranced by their raw sexuality.

"Christ," I thought to myself. "He's huge." 

Steve was certainly well above average, but I could tell just by looking that Dave was a bit longer, and definitely thicker. Rachel's pale hand looked so small as it slid up and down his ebony shaft. My hand absentmindedly trailed up towards the lump in Steve's shorts, but neither of us could tear our eyes away and she dragged her tongue up the long underside of Dave's cock. I audibly gasped as she took his bulging head between her lips, softly sucking it. Dave melted into the seat as Rachel took more of his cock into her soft mouth. She slowly withdrew and let him go with a pop.
