 We arrived back at the suite. It had been a loud ride up the elevator. We were all gropes, laughs, and jokes; somewhat cranked up by what had happened that day, (and now ready to unwind with considerably less clothes on us and considerably more room service in us). 

No sooner had the door to the room slammed behind us then we'd begun shedding clothes. We wouldn't be hard to find; each of us leaving garment trails all the way up to the foot of that King-sized bed, (and Brittni stopping only to ring up room service and order enough food and booze for three horny hungry thirsty souls)! I meanwhile snatched up Brooklyn and held her in my arms, (as though preparing to carry her over the threshold of something momentous). 

You can tell a lot about a woman when you scoop her up in your arms like that, (like she's a child or a housecat). The way she acts pretty much tells you what the follow on sex will be like. Brooklyn didn't surprise me... I'd completely called it right. She melted into my arms and nuzzled close to my chest, baby doll style. She looked up into my face with two vulnerable brown pool eyes of her that made her look absolutely adorable and fluttered her eyelashes. 

"What are ya gonna do now Daddy?" she asked in her best bratty little girl voice and looking a bit like a Pacific island version of Betty Boop. 

"Give you a crash course in tumbling kitten," I replied, just before I flung her through the air, (almost up to the headboard of that already turned-down king). 

Just as I expected, she was quite the athletic type; taking that toss and bounce upon the mattress as easily as if she'd been tossed laughing into the deep end of things at a pool party. What's more telling, she landed on all fours... just like a cat, (as I'd figured). She may have sounded like a helpless little girl, but this MILF was as seasoned as they came... or cum. I mounted the foot of the bed and crawled up slowly to her as she lay back into the wall of pillows behind her, a wicked vixen grin spreading across her face beneath that cutesy button nose and those two gorgeous brown eyes that looked even larger and adorable than they'd been just a moment before. Oh she was working it... and I didn't care in the least. 

I slinked up her body, pulling myself along her like she was a lovely fallen tree of flesh in some incredibly hedonistic jungle of sensuality. It was appropriate, given the circumstances. I mean... let me tell you about Brooklyn, this lady simply throws this overwhelmingly desirable aura of female sexuality. To be crawling up her body, well you get the impression the gods simply made this body with their own hands for sex! I simply had to stop, sniff and kiss every single inch on the way up, (and ooooh and what a magical trip that way up was for me)! 

She has this compact little hard body with small 34C breasts capped with pink silver dollar areolas and gumdrop nipples. This is all mounted on this rugged little frame attached to a female athlete's toned ass. When viewed from behind it becomes obvious; that bangin booty spends a great deal of waking hours in a gym someplace and Brooklyn is deadly serious about taking care of herself. 

In almost direct contrast, stands her colorful tramp stamp. It's a great red and black maze with yellow dots containing of all things, Ms. Pac-Man herself running the course gobbling cherries lemons and bananas, but on closer inspection... the row of dots she is consuming is actually a series of erect cocks. Making things even more interesting, the group of "ghosts" pursuing Ms. Pac-Man are actually blue-grey sperm, (complete with wiggling tails). Whomever her tattoo artist was, he was a perv who played video games back in the early 1980s and he could tell a good joke without uttering a single word. The sense of erotic winking whimsy being unmistakable, I wondered just how many men had fucked this woman from behind and realized just what they were looking at in that tat of hers! Brooklyn its clear is a vamp; this much is quite true, but she's also a Grandma in her later forties who loves fun and has a wicked sense of humor. It's all there etched on her skin... oh and what lovely dark skin it is!  

She's one of those exotic Island ladies with a sort of caramel-colored flesh you just literally want to lick, kiss, and rub yourself up against just to experience that lovely richness! Adding to that is a hypnotic and captivating scent that is all hers. It's not coming from her cunt exactly, nor from her feet legs mouth or anywhere else its simply HER, in every nook and cranny; that sort of indescribable cocoa scent mixed with rainforest flowers that you can't put your finger on. You just want to get in close lose yourself in that essence. Hell, I simply wanted to roll around in it... to get it all over my body like a horny dog! 

"So Daddy," she whispered softly, "you like what you are rubbing against?" She batted her eyes like a coquettish brat and sank into my arms for a quick kiss and cuddle as we lay belly to belly; wrapping up into each other's and limbs. 

"I do," I replied, before giving her a deep soul kiss that lasted several seconds as I humped and rubbed against her curvy caramel n' cocoa-butter form. 

"Well then," she said, finally coming up for air with a sweet smack of our lips, "I want to surrender myself to you. The he way you just scooped me up and tossed me onto this bed told me everything I need to know. Use your strength on me and fucking crush me like a little flower petal. I'm gonna submit to that strength Mister Wolf, and be reborn a little kitten sent to please you." 

"And in return," I said turning my face in the direction of Brittni, who'd just hung up with room service and was now climbing up at the foot of the bed to crawl to us, " I offer you that young pixie over there as your special plaything; make her into a kitten of your own. Oh I fully intend to have you be my pet pussycat and just have you "let yourself go" in my hands, but I know a tiger mommy like yourself needs a cub of her own; to nurse, to lick, and to do with as she sees fit." 

The prospect of this made Brooklyn's eyes light up even brighter. Her face was simply radiant now with anticipation. She let out a happy shriek squealing, 

"Did you just look into my soul and see my secrets? I love the idea of releasing control to a man; what's more I love Love LOVE the idea of taking a pretty little young thing like that under my wing... and under my thumb! (giggle) I submit to you, she submits to me and we all get off in a perfect cascade of power and release!" 

By now Brittni had crawled up our bodies to where we lay and wriggled her way in between us. Brooklyn and I opened our arms and cuddled the pixie cub. Brooklyn and Britt kissed as I rubbed my perpetual priapism and down the crack of Britt's ass and kissed the back of her neck and shoulders. Then there was the frown. Such a frown it was... full of storm and displeasure and it was being warn by Brooklyn. 

"I don't like your makeup," she scolded, scrutinizing Britt's face and holding the girl's chin in her hands with a grip most vicelike, "it makes you look like a little whore." 

This was total bullshit. Britt's a slut, but a classy slut and she doesn't go overboard with the makeup. She's just a touch and a dab sort of young lady who knows less is more with respect to cosmetics. It was clear to me Brooklyn was powering up on her. Brittni read this right away and submitted herself, "down." 

"Sorry Mommy," she said, sounding like a bad girl who'd gotten into Brooklyn's make-up kit when she wasn't supposed to, "I didn't think you'd mind the way I looked." 

I knew this dynamic would occur. Brittni loves older women to give her a good dressing down and scuffing up; she's told me this many times and if you read some of her lesbian stories its a fact that is self-evident. To her, the ultimate lesbian fantasy involves the domineering Mommy archetype straightening out her hapless little-girl ass. Brooklyn knew the roll and could assume it VERY WELL; going back and forth between being a submissive kitten or a domineering she-wolf with ease. It was almost like the Filipina MILF had a switch in the back of her head she could simply flip back and forth from one setting to the other. 

"Just shut up," Brooklyn hissed, "if you want my forgiveness my little puss-cake, you'll fucking earn it." 

With that she squeezed Britt's face into a distorted kissy pucker and brought the girl's mouth to hers. I had to yank my cock at the sight... it was too sexy not to. Before me a gorgeous, desirable forty-something who simply adore young women now sucked the sweet lips of a new-found sexual apprentice; running a hand up and down Britt's breasts belly and crotch as if feeling fruit for freshness. Britt let out a squeaky gasp followed by a scared little girl lost whimper, the sound muffled by the loving crush of her hungry tiger mommy's lips. 

The dance began. Two pair of women's hips wriggled forms against one another as Brooklyn's eager caresses ran up and down Britt's lithe timid form in the front, while I joined in with my prick; poking our pet pixie girl from the back. It was on ... it was sooo fucking on! 

You could feel spark in the air. It was everywhere and nowhere to be seen; the delicious heady energy flow now fully established and working its magic. I was the alpha male in THIS, put here to keep Brooklyn in line and to derive pleasure from the two women as I saw fit. Brooklyn in turn was here to keep Britt in line and to see that she and Britt provided that pleasure. To quote Mel Brooks, "It's good to be the king." 

Britt immediately took to her new role as Brooklyn's very own mewling kitten like she'd been born to this and of course... she was more than happy to have two mature people using her any particular nasty way their black hearts and filthy fucking minds desired. The girl's submission fueled Brooklyn's sexual energy which in turn fueled my own, (just as much as our combined roughness fueled Britt's and the process repeated itself like a closed circuit). It was a descending cascade of power... from me, to Brook, to Britt and then as if it the fountain down in the hotel lobby -it welled up through me and back down again; that flow, that magical sticky-dribbly pre-cum wet-snatched pointy-nippled FLOW! 

*** 

It funny how these events now all spill into this humping sweaty cum-splattered montage of images for me, and yet there they are; all running together like so much ejaculate puddling upon some slut's navel. I'll try to do my best to tell you what I saw and what we did but understand, these nasty sticky pulsing images unfolded over the next few days. It was like I'd fallen into a pink pussy-soaked pit of wonderful fuckery and perversion- complete with room service and freshly changed sheets each day. 

Adding fuel to the fire was the assortment of toys Britt and Brooklyn had both brought along for that hotel stay. It was a veritable ball-gagging, sandal wood scented, and battery operated menagerie of debauchery. Oh and all those toys, oils, and pent up sexual deviancy was put to work, right off the bat even! 

Almost immediately, Brooklyn rummaged around in a bag next to the bed and hauled out a strapon harness with a wicked looking dildo that looked painfully large, supersized even. There was something odd about that ridiculously long rubber dong, (damned odd in fact). It had an appearance that was slightly human in nature and slightly... equine perhaps? 

The fourteen-inch dong was generally pink, but it also had a peculiar penile shape and odd coloration. It was quite wide at the base (which was painted with an irregular black splotch), which then tapered quickly to the bell-head, (which was very broad... almost triangular, with another dark gray splotch across the mushroom end). Bang in the very middle of the shaft was yet another gray-black splotch of color; the three splotches of pigment against the fleshy pinkness combining to create an almost unmistakable dappled effect. 

"I call it my Palomino Poker," beamed Brooklyn proudly as she held it aloft. 

It had a groove on its black base for easy snapping into a harness. Behind the base it had a suction cup to fasten it to walls or floors or wherever Brooklyn wanted to stick it when she wasn't using it as a strapon. Then of course there was the harness itself... 

It was brown leather with a buckle to adjust about the wearer's waist and the circular snap-in attachment for the Palomino pecker was clearly visible. On the opposite side of where the oversized dong would fasten was an attachment for a second vibrator or dildo, (ostensibly so that Brooklyn could receive pleasure in her cunt or clit with each thrust of the palomino pecker poker up some pretty participant's pussy or poor pounded popo). Brook must have been interesting to buy for at Christmas and Valentines by the looks of her toys; I'll give her that. 

"You are gonna use that on my bottom, Mommy Brooklyn?" Brittni asked in her best squeaky little pixie voice. If she'd said it any brattier or higher in her register, I'd have thought she'd been transformed into a Muppet. 

"Yes kitten," Brooklyn replied, inspecting her equipment, "but first you and I are gonna need a good washing out. We both have had a big breakfast and lunch and we can't be too careful. We'll need some warm soapy water before I fill you with my rubber riding utensil or Bill pokes me with that painfully proud pecker of his." 

I'd almost forgotten. I had this permanent stiffy pointing outward and slightly upward like the "Leaning Tower of Penis." I sooo wanted to stick it up Brooklyn's tight tushy, (but knew full well both she and Britt would need a good flushing out first). Those bedsheets on the king were too clean to want to risk it and it was nice to stay on Housekeeping's good side this early in our stay. 

It was settled. Brittni's double-headed enema would be more than just a conversation piece, both nozzles were going get some use. I reached for the TV remote, figuring I could catch up on news while those two executed "Operation WATERWORKS" and was promptly corrected. 

"What are you doing?" Britt asked, hands on her hips and looking at me like I'd forgotten to take the dog for a walk or something. 

"I figured you two could..." 

"This is going to require three people," Brooklyn chimed in as she inspected Britt's devilish irrigation device. By her expression Brook knew precisely what she was talking about, (although I didn't ask how she knew). 

So I was put to work, filling the rubber bag reservoir with a generous amount of warm soapy water from the bathroom sink as the two ladies knelt on all-fours; heart-shaped ass to heart-shaped ass on the bathroom floor tiles. To add a little bit of mischief and merriment, Brooklyn had procured from her bag a large black double-headed dildo; clearly human and clearly African American in its inspiration. The double-headed pussy stuffer now rested in both their pink pretty pussy holes as the two ladies bounced their bottoms together like a lovely fleshy accordion. 

I had to pause for a moment to watch the two bottoms pounding together, both linked by a big veiny piece of "black snake" at the twat. They really were a sight to behold, Brittni with her lovely pale pixie ass banging into Brooklyn's caramel colored rump as the two women gasped and squealed like they were at a sorority pillow fight. 

I almost forgot what it was I was here for, then I looked down at the device I held. I had to laugh. To me it resembled a humorously strange set of rubber bagpipes and it was rather warm to the touch. 

I grinned and set about my "work," poking a greased finger first into Brittni's anus and then doing the same to Brooklyn. I was met by more squeals and jokes about my fingers "being cold" as I twisted my digit around in their most private of places. I decided both ladies were now slicked and lubed sufficiently for what was to come next. While holding the rather full rubber bag up high, I set about feeding first one nozzle into Brittni's upturned keister, then doing the same into the pucker of Brooklyn's delightfully decadent derriere. 

Now all there was left to do, was hold the bag and simply release the contents. I opened two little valves at the bottom of the bag and gravity did the rest. The two ladies stopped joking as the warmth fell and flowed, down the pair of hoses and into their cores. It was a moment strange in its intimacy and it was an interesting glimpse into something quite private for just one woman... but two? This was a surreal and rare moment indeed to be a witness to. 

I watched the bag become increasingly empty and I judged both women over the next few minutes had become increasingly full. The weight in my hand from the bag was now nearly non-existent, however the air was filled with the sounds of labored breathing. It was definitely not that of my own. Both ladies groaned slightly as if they'd had a bit of bad food at lunch and it was disagreeing with them now. 

With the bag empty, I saw things as my cue. I gently extracted the nozzle first from Brooklyn's bottom pucker and then from Brittni's pink crater in turn. Setting the enema bag in the tub I decided it best if I left the two women two their own devices; those being the double headed dildo joining them together at the twat, the commode, (and possibly the shower). I grabbed a robe from the shower hook and left the bathroom with the two ladies moaning softly and rocking against the double-headed faux pecker. It was then I heard a loud knock at the door. 

It was Room Service. They had uncanny timing. I looked behind me to ensure the bathroom door was shut, then I opened the door to allow a cheerful yet rather busy African American lady from the kitchen into the room with the food trolley. 

As we were electronically signing for the food delivery (along with a bucket of French Bubbly), I heard the sound of bare feet beating across the bathroom tiles and clearly Britt's giggling shriek, (as if she were running across hot coals). What's more, I could tell from the Room Service lady's expression; she'd heard everything too. Yep, and I mean EVERYTHING. It just became awkward. Her eyes met mine... concerned and startled at first by events behind the door, but her look faded into a smile; as if to acknowledge my lady friend must be having difficulties. 

A few seconds later there was a huge echoing FLUUSHH! of plumbing. The embarrassed woman before me attempted to go back to the electronic form I'd just signed, but a split second later and her thoughts were interrupted by Brooklyn's voice desperately calling out, 

"Out my way if you're done girl... I need to sit down! I need to sit down! I need to sit... MOVE!" 

The hostess looked into my face at the realization there were not one, but two women in the bathroom; then we both heard the sound of an older woman's shriek... followed by another FLUUSHH! There were giggles and the sound of toilet paper rolls spinning on holders. Someone behind the door made a comment that Charmin was simply not going to cover this job, Irish Spring and hot water would. 

A second later and we could clearly hear the sound the shower running and still more giggles. I had to snap my fingers to break the spell upon the shocked face of the hostess. She had a look on her face like she'd just heard a double murder. 

I reached into my wallet on the dresser and I slipped into the hand the hostess a tip of considerable size... only to have her look down at the front of my robe and see yet another tip of some size poking through the slit. I'd forgotten about that erection of mine ... I don't think she'll forget it. I dropped my hands down in front of myself saying, 

"Keep up the fine service," or something to that affect. 
