 Kimberly's Story:

My name is Kimberly. I'm a redhead in my mid-twenties and I believe I possess a hot body; and I'm also a horny slut. It's something I can't help being.

I'm never good at telling stories but this is one I think I really should put down on paper. 

About a month ago I got fired from my previous job. If you've lived in the city all your life you know that losing a job is easy, getting another is hard. So imagine the luck I had when I ran into this guy who'd been seeing one of my friends on the side. My friend threw a party and he was there ... along with his wife. He's a black man, quite tall, very distinguished and handsome, and from what my friend told me, he'd just been transferred to being the top executive boss at the branch office of a 500 Fortune company. She asked if I was interested in meeting with him, and maybe somehow he'd be willing to hook me up with a job. I told her hell yeah I was interested. 

Anyway, my friend made the introduction though someone I could tell the atmosphere wasn't conducive enough, on account of his wife hanging beside him. He did tell me to go ahead and email my resume to him, and to drop by his office to discuss things; I promised I would. 

On the scheduled date, I headed off to his office. His secretary's desk was unoccupied -- I figured she was in his office with him. I sat down at a lounge chair and decided to wait. When five minutes had gone by and still the secretary hadn't shown, I got up and boldly went and knocked on his door. There was some noise coming from inside, but I barely thought of it. Finally a voice from inside told me to come in, and I did. He was seated behind his large desk staring at me as I approached.

I introduced myself to him and said: "I'm sorry, but I've been sitting outside for a while but when your secretary didn't show up, I thought it better if I knocked."

He told me not to worry about it, and indicated for me to seat down, which I did. 

"So, Miss Kimberly," he said, "tell me, are you good at working till late night hours and are you excellent at taking in dick-tation?"

I admit I was kind of baffled by his question. "Well, yes sir, if you've read through my resume, you'll find that --"

"I'm not talking about what's in the resume. What I said was that are you any good at doing DICK-tation. That's D-I-C-K, if you still don't understand what I mean."

I still didn't. He indicated for me to come over to his side of the desk, and I saw there a woman -- his secretary -- cowered under his table and at the moment she had one hand holding unto his immense shaft while her mouth was vigorously sucking his cock. Such a big cock it was, my eyes just about bulged out with lust the moment I sighted it. Right there and then, I too wanted to have a taste of that immense cock. I wanted very much to be doing what his secretary was doing to him right there, and even more. 

"Now you're getting the picture, Miss Kimberly," he grinned at me. It was almost as if he'd noticed the look of wanting in my eyes -- it was that obvious I couldn't have hid it even if I tried. "Now how about you get on down and show me exactly how good you are with that mouth of yours. This here is my secretary Alicia, and I know she too wouldn't mind sharing. Or would you, Alicia?"

His secretary, Alicia, paused from her sucking and said that she actually didn't mind. I enquired if that means I would be getting the job after all.

"That depends on just how good you are," he answered. "But first, you'd better go back and make sure that door of mine is locked. Wouldn't want to have any distractions now would we?"

I rushed to go and lock his door and then hurried back to where he was. He pushed his chair backwards so as to give me some room. I bent over him just as his secretary held his dick, for me. My mouth came open and as his cock shoved itself all the way into my throat, nearly making me choke. Even for me his cock was too big for me to take in, but I still managed to give him a good sucking. While my head bobbed up and down on his shaft, Alicia applied her lips to his balls, sucking them one after the other; later we made a switch and I went to sucking his balls while she returned to sucking him. I felt his hand grasping my ass from the inside of my skirt. It made its way past my panties and then I felt first one finger, followed by two, probing my pussy. 

"Uhh ... I see you getting wet for me," he muttered. His hand fell on my head and he pressed me further down on his cock. "Yeah, that's it. Swallow that black cock of mine. Suck it like you love it ... Ohh yeah."

And that was exactly what I did. I sucked and licked every inch of that black cock like my life depended on it. Often with myself and Alicia, our tongues would intermingle and we'd kiss and run our lips over each other's before returning to the work at hand, which was pleasuring our boss's tool. With his fingers busy probing my wetness, I was getting more and more excited by the second and I couldn't wait to have that cock of his shoved inside of me.

I took a break to look up at him and pleaded: "Please, I'd love to have your cock in me right now."

"Yeah, that's exactly what you ought to be getting."

I pulled my panties down my legs and kicked them aside while he allowed his pants to slip to his ankles and indicated for me to come and sit on him. I turned around and was about to lower myself on him, but he stopped me, held both moulds of my ass wide apart and brought his face to lick my pussy. I gave a sudden sigh as I was least expecting him to try such, loving the way his tongue lapped over my labia. I bent my ass further, affording him enough room so as to get his tongue over my pussy. He inserted a finger into my asshole and was fingering me there while his tongue was busy doing its other work. 

"Hmmm ... you taste so very good," he murmured. "Now this is how all good secretaries ought to taste like. Right, Alicia?"

"If you say so, sir," his secretary responded. She was busy rubbing her hand over her pussy. She raised one leg over his desk and went on rubbing it. As I was enjoying the feel of my boss's tongue over my pussy, I thought I ought to return the favour to her, and then I stretched my head and began nibbling my tongue over her pussy, feeling her juice stain my face as we both moaned out what we were feeling. Such an incredible feeling it was, I almost felt like cumming right there and then.

Finally he pulled his tongue away from me. My legs already felt so weak from the wreckage his tongue had unleashed upon me, I could only begin to comprehend what that massive cock of his was going to do.

"Come here, baby," he muttered, grabbing me by the waist and pulling me towards him. "Come sit your fine looking ass on my dick."

I lowered myself down on him and felt the wind knocked out of me the moment the mushroom-shaped head of cock penetrated me. I was like feeling a lead pipe being shoved into me, I tell you. He was that big and the more I lowered myself down upon him, I could barely contain my cry. I shut my eyes and groaned through gritted teeth as his shaft further penetrated my pussy, all the way to my pelvis. 

"Ohh ... Ohh ... Ohhhh ..." I cried out as he pulled out of me, and again as he pulled me down towards him again.

Our fucking began gradually but slowly increased in earnest tempo as we both fell into a suitable rhythm. I held unto the arms of his chair, lowering and raising myself up and down on him while his arms grasped my waistline, pulling me down to earth with as much strength he could muster. Alicia sat on the table and opened her legs wide before me, still playing with her pussy. I leaned forward and planted my lips over her pussy; she tasted so sweet and so good. I went on licking her pussy, trying so hard not to cry out much from the massive cock that was still fucking me.

The boss pulled me to my feet and now I leaned over Alicia while he continued banging at me hard and terrific from behind. The sound of his thighs slapping against my butt sounded more like thunderclaps and I was so captured by his fucking me I cried aloud for him to give it to me harder.

"Oohh ... Ohh-Uhhh ...Ohh-Uhh ... yeah ... yeah, fuck ... Oh shit ... Oh fuck me! ... Fuck me! ...Ahh ...Ohhh ..."

I can't tell for how long he went on fucking me, and I'd just about passed out from the wave of ecstasy and orgasm that had long been building inside me till finally it came to a crashing explosion. My body trembled from the tip of my hair to the sole of my feet; Alicia wrapped her arms and feet over my body while her boss went on slamming at me from behind, groaning like a lion that was pouncing on its prey.

"Yeah ... yeah," he grunted. "You're learning how to take dick-tation. By this time next week, you'll learn to love it." he burst into laughter even as he went on slamming at me.

I cried out once again when he pulled his cock out of me. It felt as if he'd pulled the plugs on my heart as well and right away I couldn't stop myself from slumping to the floor. He didn't bother with me; he came forward towards the open legs of his secretary and shoved his cock into her gaping wet virgina and began fucking her straight away without hesitation, giving her lengthy strokes of his cock. I watched as she tightened her legs around his waist; the sound of her moans was loud and urgent.

"Cum ... Oh God, please ..." she muttered. "Please cum inside me ... I want to feel your cum inside of me ...Ohhhh-Uhhhhgggghhh ... God!" 

And just like that, she too had her own earth-shattering orgasm.

The boss squeezed his face when the inevitable was about happening and I drew closer to him and watched he made heavy grunts as he shot cum after cum into Alicia's pussy; she too cried out from the impact. 

I waited till he'd pulled his cock out of her before coming forward to lick and suck out the load of cum that was dripping out of his secretary's pussy. When I was done with her, I turned towards him and applied my mouth to his cock, sucking off some of the driblets of cum that was still oozing out of him. His cock went flaccid in my mouth, and yet I continued sucking him till eventually he withdrew away from me. "Well," he said to me, slumping himself on his chair. "That was some lovely interview. When can you start?"

I yet didn't know what sort of work he intended on giving to me, and at that moment I didn't really care ... as long as it would get me closer to his cock every now and then, I felt happy.