 The first thing you do as you walk into the tight, cramped little booth is roll the dimmer switch to give yourself more light. It helps you to see the plush crimson carpet, the thin, dark walls and the hole in the wall on either side at just below hip height. You know what they're for.

You close the door and lock it behind you, which turns on a little red light above the door that says 'engaged'. People know you're in here now. The rooms to your left and your right are entered from the male only side of the building. This place is designed for the security of the women who enjoy sucking anonymous cock.

You open the peephole on either side of the room enough that people will be able to look through at you pleasuring somebody else, but not so that they can see you pleasuring them. Next, you pull out the stool in the far side of the booth and set it up in the middle of the room. The TV is already on, displaying a CCTV feed that goes from room to room, showing off the men being pleasured. You have a quick scan of the roof for a camera, but this place is run by women who have assured you anonymity.

You hear a door closing on the room to your right and then the one on your left. You stand next to your stool, looking at the peepholes, and begin to strip off your dress. You take your time because you have no idea if you're being watched or not. The zip comes down almost theatrically. You wiggle your hips as it comes down. The bra comes off with a swivel so that everyone who might be looking gets a full showing of your chest. 

You hear the door in the booth on the right close first, so you sit on your stool facing that direction. It's dark when you look through the hole. If there's somebody there you can't see them. You put a finger through the hole and it only takes a moment for you to see a hand reaching out to stroke your fingers. He doesn't greet you. You don't greet him. He steps into position so that you can watch him unzip, drop his trousers and expose himself. He steps forwards as you withdraw your fingers but rather than putting his cock into reach of your tongue, he strokes himself a little harder first.

When it is in reach, you take a gentle grip of his cock and lick the head tenderly. It gets harder at your touch and it soon becomes clear just what you have to work with. It's circumcised, long and thin. You don't hold back. Reaching into your bag, you produce a tube of something strawberry to apply, and you hear your first noise from him as it's applied. A second later, you're tasting it as you take half of the shaft into your mouth. He gives a real moan then.

You hold the head in your mouth and stroke the length of it, licking and sucking at the taste you've applied. You've consumed it in no time, but you're so thoroughly in the moment that you are desperate to help this man finish. You glance up at the screen and wonder if the man there is the man you're pleasuring, or if this is a recording from another day. Maybe it's not actually a recording from these booths. There are far too many possibilities. Are you being watched? Is the man in the room behind you making himself hard by watching you suck on another man?

You hear a knock on the wall, giving you warning that he's about to cum. The head comes out of your mouth and the speed of your strokes increases. You aim him down towards your boobs, and stroke out a generous helping of sperm.

Knowing what's coming, you don't make much effort to clean. You just give yourself a wipe with tissues from your bag so that nothing drips south. You hear a muttered thank you as the softening cock is taken out of your sight. Taking a seat on the stool, now facing the other direction, you put your fingers through the hole and also slip a hand into your underwear. You're wet and you've come in prepared with condoms. This one could be in for a good fucking.

You change your mind when it comes through the hole. It's long and thick; both longer and thicker than any cock you've fucked before. It's dark, and how high it is in the hole suggests a tall, toned man. You caress the balls hanging below before you take a hold of the cock itself. As it turns out, it can get ever so slightly harder.

You take long strokes and lick up and down the whole length. You open wide and take a good third of it in your mouth, but you can't take any more. It doesn't much seem to matter given the noises coming out of that booth. He's loving the attention.

You get rid of your underwear, open your legs and pull your vibrator out of your bag. It comes on a low setting, and you hold it against your clit with your right hand while you stroke cock with your left. You suck gentle and stroke roughly while you let the sounds that he makes guide you. He takes longer to satisfy. You alternative between deep strokes and shallow strokes but your tongue is constantly working.

An idea pops into your head, and it's a good one. You put the toy away and put the fingers of your spare hand back through the first hole. Your reward comes quickly. Already hard, a brand new cock comes through the hole for you. This one is of a decidedly more average size, which is a good thing really. You lay a hand on both cocks and move your mouth from one to the other for a moment, then tell the larger cock to hang on for a moment.

You bend over against the hole for the smaller cock and, your hand between your slightly apart legs, guide him into your sodden vagina. Holding yourself against the wall, you allow him to decide how deep he goes. He goes all the way in from the off. Both of your hands take a grip of the larger cock opposite you. 

The excitement of both men is obvious. You are fucked rough and hard by one, while the other makes non-stop noise when you take him back into your mouth. The ferocity at which you're being fucked takes you from the level of excited you were to the very brink of orgasm in less than five minutes.

Concentration is required before that when you hear a knocking at the wall by the man in your mouth. You can't think so close to cumming, so you don't stop or move at all and he fills your mouth with proof of his satisfaction.

He stays in your mouth a moment later. That is all it takes because there is another knock on the wall behind you. You rock your hips and push back hard, desperate to feel yourself being filled up inside with an already full mouth. The feeling of two cocks deep inside you could only be beaten by two cocks sharing their cum with you. You orgasm then, while he fucks you hard and fast, and as you tighten around him, you feel warm cum deep inside you. You stop thrusting as he does and bask in the feelings of absolute ecstasy as they wash over you. By the time you come back to yourself, both men have pulled out, and there is cum dripping out of you.

You clean up, get dressed and leave. You walk past men in the street and wonder. Before you're home, everybody you pass receives a smile from you. They don't know. Nobody knows. Even the guys involved don't know. The only evidence is the cum currently dripping out on to your underwear.