 Paul turned the key and opened the door to the first day of his new venture with hope and prayers for its success. He had sunk everything he owned into this business and thought he had covered all the bases to help make it a winner. For the last few years he had managed a bookstore in the Village which sold all the popular fiction and non-fiction books on the market and which had struggled to make enough to pay the rent. He had looked into opening a business of his own and decided that an erotic bookstore was the way to go as the profit margins were much greater and the potential for making good money was much better so he scrimped and saved and finally found a great location right on Seventh Avenue and managed to secure a very favorable 10 year lease. 

He carried everything relating to sex from books to videos to toys and had just concluded arrangements with an importer to carry some paintings and prints of the famous gay artist, Tom of Finland. He had been advertising in the Village Voice for the past few days hoping to draw some traffic. The store was very upscale looking and he had installed a private room in the back where customers could view videos or discuss the attributes of toys in private before making a purchase. It was very tastefully decorated and should appeal to women as well as men. His wife, Martha, had insisted on helping him run the business and was due to arrive shortly. She had loved the idea of an erotic bookstore and had helped him with the décor and promised to get her friends in to buy also. She had also told him that having a woman in the store would make women customers feel more at ease and should help sales. 

He had just gotten settled and was behind the counter when the door opened and an attractive young guy walked in and smiled at him as he went over to the book rack and started thumbing through some books and magazines. Paul had to remind himself that this was his business now and, even though he would have liked to try and pick him up, he had to restrain himself. He glanced over occasionally and could see that the guy had a boner as it showed clearly through the fabric of his pants. Then the door opened and Martha walked in with a bright smile and a hearty hello. 

"What's happening, my love. How's the first hour of the first day?" 

He grinned at her and told her to put her things behind the counter and turn on the computer and check the inventory just to make sure they had everything they needed. The young man had moved over to the video section and came over carrying a couple of books and a video. He asked if Paul had ever seen the video as he wanted one with a lot of bisexual action since his wife got very turned on watching two guys. 

"I haven't seen this one," Paul replied, "but according to the jacket it contains a lot of bi action. If you'd like, you can view a portion of it in our consultation room in the back."

He seemed surprised and agreed immediately and Paul led him back to the room. He put the CD in the player and told the young man to sit down and relax and he would be back in a few moments. He went back to the counter and winked at Martha as he told her that their first customer was viewing a video. 

"Do you think it would help if I worked with him?" 

Paul told her what the guy had told him about his wife and suggested that they wait and see if he liked the video first. He went back inside a few minutes later and found the guy stroking a thick, hard erection as he watched the movie. 

"It looks like you're really enjoying the CD. Do you think your wife will like it also?" 

The guy looked up surprised that Paul had walked in and caught him but Paul told him to relax since he didn't mind looking at such a beautiful cock. 

"Do you mind if I touch it?" Paul asked and the young man told him to go right ahead and leaned back and lifted his hips to give him better access. Paul's hand encircled the thick shaft and it felt wonderful. 

"This is really a beauty. May I kiss it?" He didn't even wait for the affirmation but got down on his knees and took the swollen crown between his lips and began nursing on it as he ran the tip of his tongue over the tiny slit to capture the delicious precum as it oozed out. 

The guy grabbed his head and forced his organ deep down Paul's throat as he cried out in orgasm and began pumping streams of hot cum into his mouth. Paul gulped down every drop and squeezed his organ from the base up to get the last of it as the guy's spasms ended and he sunk back down on the couch with a long sigh of contentment. 

Paul got up and thanked him for the delicious drink and the guy stood up and straightened his clothing as he told him he would take the video and the two books. They walked out to the counter and Paul handed Martha the merchandise and told her to ring them up as a sale. The young guy took Paul's arm and led him a few feet away and thanked him for a great blowjob and told him he would be back again and bring his wife next time. 

Paul told him to please tell all their friends about the store also as he had just opened and could use all the customers he could get. The guy paid Martha, with a sheepish smile, and left. As soon as he walked out, Paul told his wife what had gone on in the back room and she smiled and told him that she had figured what was going on. 

"I'm only sorry I couldn't at least watch as you know how turned on I get watching you suck another guy" she replied. 

"Do you realize that I sucked off our very first customer?" Paul said with a shake of his head. "If I wind up sucking every customer, I'm going to be very tired at the end of the day." 

"Don't worry", she replied, "I'm here to help out any way I can" and the two of them had a laugh over that just as the door opened and two middle aged women walked in and smiled at them nervously as they went over to the toys. 

After some time, one of the women walked over to Martha and asked if she could help them as they had some questions. Martha smiled and told her she would do her best and followed her over to her friend who was holding a package containing a very realistic replica of an 8" penis with balls and all. She asked Martha if this particular model came with a vibrator and Martha told her that it didn't but that she had others that did. 

While they were talking a couple of men walked in the store and the two women appeared nervous so Martha suggested that they come back to the private viewing room and she would bring them a few models to look at. After seating them in the back room, she went over and took a few dildos from the shelves and brought them with her to show the women. 

"Now this model is slightly larger than the one you looked at before but it does have a vibrator with two speeds." 

The women took the package and remarked how realistic it looked as well as the fact that it had a two speed motor. One of the women mentioned something about having to buy two of them and Martha immediately realized that they probably lived together and each wanted to pleasure the other at the same time so she asked them to wait a moment and went back into the store and brought back another much larger package. 

"Here's something very interesting that you both may like. It's a double ender with a three speed vibrator at each end. It doesn't have any balls but, as you can see is very realistic and provides at least 8" of pleasure on each end." 

The women looked at each other and nodded and told Martha that it would be perfect and they would take it. Then they asked if she could recommend a few good lesbian videos and she brought them over to the counter and told Paul to wrap the item while she went over to the videos and brought back a few CD's for them. They thanked her profusely for her help, paid for the merchandise and left with a smile on their faces. 

The store got pretty busy at lunchtime when a number of men dropped in after eating at the restaurant next door and then the traffic slowed down a bit afterwards. It was about mid afternoon when two well dressed, distinguished looking gentlemen walked in and spent some time looking at a poster of the works of Tom of Finland which had been sent to him by the distributor in advance of the actual art. Paul had it framed nicely and hung it on the side wall. One of the men came over to him and asked some questions about the art. Paul told him that he was awaiting shipment of the first paintings and prints but could special order any of the prints shown on the poster if they liked. He thanked Paul and went back to his friend where they seemed to be trying to make a decision. Then they both walked over to him and one of the men asked when he expected the artwork to arrive. 

Paul told him that it was due later that day by UPS but would have to be framed and hung. They told him that they were very interested in purchasing some of the works and, since they lived in the area, asked if it would be possible for him to bring the unframed works to their apartment tonight so that they could make a selection. Paul took down their names, address and phone number and told them that if indeed he received the art this afternoon, he would call them and arrange to bring it over and they shook hands and left. 

Martha came over asking what that was all about since she was helping someone make a selection at the back of the store and couldn't hear their discussion. He told her and she smiled as she mentioned that the art was not cheap and it could turn out to be a very good sale. 

"I hope it arrives on time today as I would like to wind up the first day with a big sale", Paul told her. 

He also mentioned that he would go over alone since they were two gay guys living together and a woman present would not really help the sale at all and she agreed. While they were talking a young couple walked over and asked if they could recommend a bisexual video for a party they were having and Martha went back to the video section with them to help them make a selection. 

Paul noticed that most of the people coming in were of a better class than the usual crowd at erotic bookstores and there were a number of women and couples which was a good sign that the store was appealing to both sexes. He attributed that to the location which was right in the heart of the business and entertainment area as well as the upscale decor. While he was thinking about this, the door opened and the UPS delivery man walked in with the art he had been waiting for. As soon as he left, Paul went back into the private room and opened the tube to find three oil paintings on canvas and ten original signed lithographs. 

They were fantastic as Tom of Holland knew how to arouse men and played on their fantasies as he depicted them with their magnificent organs in full erection and very realistically painted or drawn, although with some exaggeration. He had gotten a very good deal out of the distributor, after spending a night with him at his place, and knew there was a handsome profit for him in each work. He rolled up the art and slipped it back in the tube and went back to the counter and called Roger Smith and told him the art had arrived on time and was absolutely gorgeous and he couldn't wait to show it to them. They made a date for 6 pm and Paul went over and told Martha about the arrangements. He had no idea of how long it was going to take to sell them tonight so he asked her to take over the store and close up if necessary. 

He helped a few customers make selections which turned out to be very good sales and already had done some very good business so his first day was turning out quite well. Before he knew it, it was 5:50 and he went over and kissed Martha and picked up the tube and headed out the door. Their building was only a few blocks away so he announced himself to the doorman precisely at 6 pm and was told which apartment to go to as soon as he notified them by phone. He rang the bell of Apt. 84a and the door swung open a few minutes later as Roger greeted him and showed him into the apartment. It was lavishly decorated and Roger introduced him to Corbett, who asked to be called "Cory" and who was also wearing a large white, terry cloth robe. 

They showed him into the living room and made him comfortable with a drink while they discussed how they became acquainted with Tom of Holland's work and Paul excused himself and told them that he couldn't wait to show them the art and got up and took it out of the tube and spread out the 22"x30" drawings, paintings and prints and as he showed them each work, they would gasp in ecstasy as one was better than the other. Roger asked Paul to hold up a painting of a guy sucking an absolutely huge and beautiful penis as the guy is being fucked with another gorgeous cock. The expression on their faces is priceless as each is in another world. They wanted to look at each piece by itself so he made a makeshift stand on the bar and put another of the paintings on the stand and went back with them to view and comment on it. 

After a while, Paul's cock started to rise and he noticed the bulges in front of their robes so they were horny also. That seemed to be the effect of Tom's art with most everyone and that's why it sells for so much money. It was while they were looking at a drawing of two guys in a gorgeous 69 that Roger opened his robe and displayed his magnificent organ. It was at least 8" in length and was very thick with a beautifully sculpted crown and deep ridge all around. 

He noticed Paul looking at his organ and said, "Do you like what you see?" Paul nodded and Roger turned to him and asked if he would take it in his hands and feel it. 

Paul reached out and grasped the thick beauty around the shaft and felt its weight and bulk. He looked at Roger and then slipped to his knees and began planting wet kisses all over the gorgeous meat as well as his full and tight ball sac and Roger began to moan and ask him to please suck on the head of his cock as he wants to be taken away in total pleasure. 

As Paul nursed on the swollen. sloped cockhead, Roger was playing with Cory's beautiful erection and discussing which of the paintings and prints they would like to purchase. Tom's art was very arousing and they were having a difficult time deciding as each work had a beauty of its own. Paul glanced over as he sucked on the swollen crown and saw Roger's fingers playing lightly over the surface of Cory's irresistible erection. He couldn't help himself and let Roger's organ slip from his lips as he moved over to capture the sloped crown in his mouth and start sucking lovingly on it. 

Roger held it towards him so that he could easily suck it and then went back to discussing the art with Cory. After some time of discussion, Roger asked him to please get undressed as they wanted to show their appreciation for his wonderful sucking of their organs and Paul needed no urging as he was out of his clothes in a flash. His cock was hard and throbbing as he had loved every minute of sucking their cocks and was horny as hell. Roger had him get down on the carpet on all fours as he moved behind him and Cory got underneath him. 

He felt Roger's tongue in his asshole and squirmed in delight. Then he felt his cock covered with a warm receptive mouth as Cory began worshipping the gorgeous penis with his lips and tongue. Roger then fit the crown of his organ to his anus and pushed it inside and Paul moaned in ecstasy as he felt the thick shaft fill his ass while his penis was being sucked by a very talented mouth.

He left this world and went to a place that he loved to visit. It was a world of pure pleasure in which he had a beautiful, thick cock fucking him while his penis was being beautifully taken care of by Cory's mouth. He wanted to stay there forever and feel the fantastic sensations that he was getting until time immemorial but he started to drift towards orgasm and just let himself go. He cried out that he was cumming and Roger groaned and announced his orgasm also and as he felt the first spray of Roger's cum in his ass, he shot load after load of his hot cum into Cory's magnificent mouth which couldn't seem to get enough of his juices and kept voraciously sucking his penis until suddenly a gurgled groan escaped his lips as he shot stream after stream of his juices all over his chest and stomach. 

They slowly came back to life and Roger slid his semi erect organ from the tight and comfortable anus and said he would be right back. He started to rise but Cory held him with his mouth, for a moment, and then reluctantly let him go so he could get up. Roger returned a moment later and told Paul that they had decided to buy 2 paintings, 1 drawing and 2 prints and are going to show all their friends the works and send him plenty of business as he could practically guarantee they would all want the work. 

Paul got dressed and totaled up the sale and Roger handed him a check for the agreed upon price. He warmly shook hands with both of them and thanked them for the business as well as the fun. 

"Anytime either or both of you would like to play, come down to the store as we have a private room in the back", he told them and packed up the remainder of the works and said his goodbyes and headed back to the store since it was only about 9:00. 

He got back to the store and found a few people browsing and his gorgeous wife reading an erotic magazine at the counter. She smiled as he approached and he kissed her and told her that he just concluded a fantastic sale of the artwork and will probably have to contact the distributor for more art sooner than they thought. He went to the back and put the artwork away in the cabinets he had bought just for this purpose and went back to the front to find Martha in deep discussion with a young, very attractive, couple. As he approached, Martha turned toward him and introduced them as Toby and Bob Casey. She said that they had proposed an interesting idea to her and he should listen to it. 

Bob said, "We would like to run parties, like Tupperware Parties, only for erotic merchandise and we would like to carry your line and would like to work something out with you so we can all make a profit out of it." 

Paul thought the idea sounded great as it would broaden his customer base and bring in money from outside sources. "Why don't we go back to our place and talk about this as we're just about ready to close?" Paul asked. Bob looked at Toby and then nodded in agreement. 

It didn't take long to close up at 10 and the four of them were on their way the 4 blocks to Paul and Martha's shortly thereafter. When they got inside the apartment, Martha got them comfortable in the living room with drinks and snacks and Paul sat down opposite Bob and Toby and asked them, 

"How many people do you know that would attend these parties?" Bob estimated that they were in some sort of contact with approximately 200 couples and singles throughout the metropolitan area who would love to attend a party like this. 

"In fact" Bob said, "we would make this the highlight of the party and have it during our regular sex parties to sort of get things rolling. Now please remember that these couple of hundred couples probably know many hundreds more that we know nothing about who can be reached network-wise. There could be a lot of money in this, Paul." 

Paul had already recognized the potential and told Bob that he was very sure they could work out an arrangement for them to sell their products at the parties and then took a few minutes and proposed a commission arrangement which Bob and Toby immediately accepted. They shook hands on the deal and then Paul asked, "Now that we got business out of the way, how in the world did you meet so many couples like this? 

Bob told them that there was a bar in their neighborhood that catered to couples who enjoyed the alternative lifestyle and it sort of networked from there. Paul asked if it was just couple sex or if there was bisexual action also and Bob told him that it was mostly bisexuals of both sexes which made it much more interesting. Then Paul matter of factly said, 
