 I was going to the bookstore for the first time. My mind wandered back to the thought of it all day; I had trouble concentrating on anything else. I was elated, scared and horny all at the same time. I felt giddy all day as time passed as slowly as dripping molasses—I was ready for my adventure to begin. Tonight, a stranger's cum was my goal. I wanted it. I needed it.

I'd planned ahead so I wouldn't have to go back home before I set out for my naughty little adventure. My nails were painted bright red—I wanted my hands to be really visible when I stuck them through the holes in the wall at the bookstore. I knew I'd have to make a quick change in the car, so I'd brought what I needed with me to work. I'd worn a thin white T-shirt, which perfectly showcased my painfully hard nipples as I removed my bra. I hiked myself up in the seat so I could slide off my shorts and slip on my short black skirt. I decided to leave my now-damp panties on for the time being. I did all this in the front seat of my car in the parking lot. There were lots of cars, but not too many people around.

I was a different person when I stepped out of the car. I shivered even though it wasn't cold—my excitement was almost too much to contain. I walked differently—more swing in my hips, more bounce to my tits—like a whore. I walked through the parking lot to the front doors. I took a deep breath as I swung open the doors and walked in. The room was full of rough-looking men—there was a big auto race and all the NASCAR freaks were in town. Lots of redneck guys. 

In order to get a room, I had to step up to the desk to get a key. I felt on display; like every eye was on me, and they knew exactly what I was doing. The man told me there was a wait, and they'd call my name when a room was available. I told him I was "Trish." My legs felt wobbly as I stepped down from the desk. Did these men all know why I was there? I couldn't raise my eyes as I wandered around looking at the magazines while I waited.

After about 15 minutes, I heard "room for Trish" in a growly voice over the intercom. I almost ignored it…then I realized that "Trish" was me. I tried to walk slowly to the desk for my key, but my excitement was taking over. Almost running, I grabbed my key and started the walk to the back to my room. I felt as if I was walking down a runway—the rug was lined with leering men on either side. I felt whorish and slutty—I made my tits bounce and sway as I walked slowly to my room. The nasty girl that was me was enjoying all the male attention. I'd have lined them up and taken them all, right on the carpet.

I opened the door and slipped inside the room. Right away I noticed three holes in the wall on one side of the room. The one in the middle was the largest, with smaller holes on each side. All three holes were at varying heights up from the floor. There was also a cracked and dirty red vinyl desk chair. I couldn't help but think about how many filthy, lewd sex acts had taken place on that chair. The thought thrilled me, and my thighs pressed together almost involuntarily. The stained rug, probably once bright red, was now an ugly dull orange—the hapless victim loads and loads of spilled cum. I walked over to the movie machine, and put in a few dollar bills. I began to watch, but my mind wasn't really on the movie. I was listening for someone to come into the room next door. I didn't have to wait long.

I heard the door slam in the room next to me. Suddenly, I felt flushed and embarrassed. What was I doing here? What was I thinking? The embarrassment quickly gave way to anticipation. I was there for cum, and I was going to get it. I dragged the chair over by the wall with the holes. I felt very overdressed, and I took off my T-shirt, and slid off my panties. I left my skirt on, bunched up around my waist. For some reason, I wasn't comfortable being completely naked just yet. I sat on the chair, took a deep breath, and peered through the hole in the wall.

I watched, almost hypnotized, as an attractive dark-haired man unzipped his jeans and took out his cock. It was huge—about 9 inches long and very thick and angry-looking. He began stroking away as he watched a movie. I slid to the edge of the chair and began to rub my clit. It felt so sweet, so good. I felt air rushing into my chest—I had forgotten to breathe for a few seconds. The man must have heard my gasp for air. He looked over at me through the large hole, but he never stopped stroking his cock.

I closed my eyes a moment to try to calm my racing heart. I was going to get my first stranger's cum! I couldn't wait to feel it, hot and sweet. I rubbed my pussy faster as my fingers became covered with my own juices in anticipation. I opened my eyes, and I saw the large cock filling the hole in front of me. I stuck my shaking, pussy-juice-covered hands through the hole. I grabbed onto his cock--he hadn't come yet. I wrapped my hand around it, and he started pushing in and out of my fist, slowly at first, but with increasing speed.

I jumped when I heard his voice. "Make me come, you bitch," he ordered. Suddenly I was calmer. I would do whatever this man told me to do. I was his whore, even if I wasn't taking any money for what I was about to do. This was exactly where I needed to be—exactly what I wanted. In a voice that sounded nothing like my own I said, "You know I will. I want your come," and I squeezed my fist around his cock with my thumb pressing against the underside of the head as I stroked up. He kept saying, "Yeah, that's it, that's it."

I was rubbing my clit fiercely with my other hand. I wanted to come when he came all over my hand. I could tell he was close to cumming, so I stroked his big cock faster. I wanted that cum—I'd earned it. He let out a long groan, and unloaded all over my fist. Gobs and gobs of cum, all over my hand. 

He jerked his cock out of my fist and backed up from the hole in the wall. I pulled my hand through and saw all that beautiful cream running between my fingers. It was my prize. I smeared the cum all over my tits as I came, shoving my fingers deep inside my soaking wet cunt and squeezed hard around them. All that lovely come, all over my tits and neck. I took a little cum from my finger and touched it to my lip. I had to feel it on my lips—I needed to have a small taste of the stranger's cum. Cum that I'd worked for and earned. 

I opened my eyes. I had been too wrapped up in my cum to notice that the man was gone. I sighed, and I stood up to take off my skirt. It was just in the way. I was hooked—I needed more. Now I knew the truth—I was nothing but a nasty whore who craved cum from strangers.

I didn't have to wait very long for the next guy—an older may with graying hair--to come in. I didn't even let the door close all the way before I spoke to him. "Hi there," I said through the large hole in the wall. I wanted him to see me, naked and slutty, with cum smeared all over me. I gave him a sideways, knowing smile when I saw his face appear in the hole. 

I wasn't going to waste any time. I knew what I wanted, and I was sure he'd give it to me. Adrenaline coursed through my body—I couldn't hold back my desire for cum. I told him if he put on a condom that I'd suck his cock through the wall. He said "how much," and I told him $10 if he'd let me pull the condom off to feel his cum when he came. He said he'd give me $20 if I'd suck him off without the condom. He promised he wouldn't cum in my mouth; that he'd pull out. I said "no rubber, no go." I saw he was interested, and I told him "cash first," and he fished in his pocked for money, and handed me two fives. I felt every nerve end in my body tingle—I was earning my first cash as a whore. I could never spend a dollar--it was money I'd hold onto forever.

He unzipped and pulled out his average-sized cock, and began to roll on the condom. He was already hard. I trembled as I fell to my knees in front of the hole and took his cock into my mouth. I slowly started sliding my lips up and down on his pole. I remember wishing I had a picture of myself doing what I was doing to prove that I'd really done it. It felt so good to have him fucking the hole to get deep in my mouth. I could hear his balls hitting the sticky wall around the hole. 

It all seemed to happen so quickly. I heard him moan and yell "here it comes!" I barely ripped the condom off before he blew his load all over my face. On my chin, nose, eyes, lips--everywhere. All over my face. God, it was what I'd dreamed of for so long! I wanted to stick out my tongue so badly and taste it. I massaged it all over my face, and down my neck. I could feel the fresh cum blending with the dried come of the other man on my tits. I was so wet—I had to rub my clit again. I needed to feel more in my than my fingers, and I grabbed my bottle from out of my purse.

He was watching me, naked, squirming on the chair. I had no shame. I told him for another $20 he could come all over my pussy. Lightning-fast, he pulled the cash out of his pocket and stuffed it through the hole. I told him to stroke his cock and get hard again while he watched me stuff my bottle in my cunt. I threw my head back as I fucked the bottle in and out while he watched. I loved performing like a slut for this stranger! I pinched and twisted my nipples to the point of pain for good measure. He got hard in no time.

With a wet sucking sound, I pulled the bottle out of my cunt. I stood up and thrust out my hips, pushing my pussy in front of the hole. I spread the lips open so he could see my pink wetness and ordered him to rub his cock and tell me when he was going to cum. I could hear it sliding back and forth in his fist—my favorite nasty sound on earth. I flicked my clit so he could see it—I was ready, and I told him to cum all over my pussy NOW.

He pumped his cock and and yelled "YES!," while I moaned and came with him. I felt his hot cum hit my pussy and dribble down over my clit toward my hole. I pulled my hand up to massage it all over my mound. It felt so good and so bad all at once. I was a dirty bookstore whore who just made $30 in less than 20 minutes.

He was soft and couldn't get hard again. He stuffed his cock in his pants and walked towards the door. He laughed and said he was sorry he was out of money. I was sorry too.

I pulled back from the wall. White, sticky cum covered my pussy and thighs. I could see wet trails all over the wall around the hole. I was covered from my face to my pussy with the cum from two different men. I needed so badly to cum again—it burned inside me. I leaned back in the grimy old chair and roughly masturbated, pinching my nipples hard and rubbing my clit fast. I wanted to cum again, while I felt all the jizz drying all over my pussy. It felt incredible—I tensed up and came, and made no effort to quiet my voice. I'm sure everyone outside in the bookstore heard me—and I didn't care.

I wanted more. I wanted to feel a cock ram my ass. That's really why I was there--to feel cum drying on my asscheeks as it ran down towards my pussy. The need I felt was almost primal. I had to get it before I left.

A big black man came into the room next to me. I wasn't sure I wanted him, but I decided that cum was cum, and a customer was a customer—even if he doesn't pay. It's as simple as that--A whore takes cum. 

I stuck my face through the hole and told him, without flinching, that he could have my sweet white ass for $20.He said "Pass me a rubber, baby." Then he thought a minute and asked, "Can I come over there and fuck you? I don't wanna do it through the hole. I wanna feel you." I told him okay. I didn't care—all I wanted at that point was to feel his cock shoved up my ass. The need to feel it was blinding me—I had to have it.

He came over, and I let him in. He handed me two ten-dollar bills, and I threw them on the floor next to my purse. More whore money. I was a working whore.

I turned as he slid his pants down. His cock was so thick, and it was uncircumcised. I was a little scared—he was huge. For a moment I felt terror, but it quickly passed. The need for an assfucking and hot, nasty cum blocked out all reason. I was now completely driven by a lust for this huge, black cock. I heard a crinkly tearing sound as he tore open the rubber, and I watched him roll it onto his meaty dick.

He pushed me up against the wall, and roughly moved my legs apart with his foot. He told me to pull my ass cheeks apart, and as I did I felt him shove into me. My God, how it hurt! I screamed against the dirty, cum-soaked wall. My tits were flattened against it, too, my and nipples rubbed up and down against it as each thrust lifted me up and down off the floor.

He held on to my hips and fucked me with a fury. It really hurt, but I never thought of stopping. The pain was much too sweet. He told me to squeeze my ass around his cock. I did my best to hold my ass tightly around him, but it was difficult. I heard his ragged breathing against the back of my neck—I knew he'd cum soon. I begged him to pull out and come all over my back. I wanted to feel the burning cum run down my back and over my ass. "Whatever, baby," he hissed. I knew it was time.

I couldn't breathe. The anticipation of his cum was more than I could stand. I felt him jerk out of my ass, and heard the snap of the condom being pulled off his cock. He made a long, groaning sound, and I felt the hot stream of cum splash over my back--so sticky and wet, running down the crack of my ass. I felt him rubbing it around with his softening cock. 

I sagged forward against the wall. I felt like I'd run a marathon. Everything felt so good, and I was exhausted. I felt him back away from me, and then I heard him zip up his pants. The door slammed shut, and he was gone.

I reached back to spread his cooling cum over my back. I'd waited all night for this exact feeling. I pulled my wet hand forward and rubbed some of the cum on my tits. I was wet, dry and sticky, all at the same time. I felt rewarded—I had cum on almost every surface of my body. All that remained was to take the tiniest taste of cum from the black man's cock and spread it on my lips. The evening was complete.

I pulled on my skirt, and my T-shirt. I stuffed my panties and my bottle in my purse, along with my money, and strode out of the room, down the hall and past the desk. I was a filthy, disgusting, cum-soaked whore. I was proud of it! My nipples were still hard as I reveled the thought of every man in the bookstore knowing exactly what I had done in that little room in the back.

I walked through the parking lot to my car. The coolness of the car seat felt comforting on my increasingly sore ass. I knew the pain would get worse the next day before it felt better. I wanted the pain—it would remind me over and over what I'd done, and what I was. I felt the cum crackling over my body as it dried. The smell of cum and sex seemed to fill the car. I felt calm for the first time that night. My mind was spinning, though, with plans for future visits to the bookstore.