 The Boss retires – my parting gift!

My good friend, and my boss for the last three years, Al, arrived at my desk and told me.

"Babe, it's time for the old boy to give it all away. I'm packing up the tools and heading north for good!"

So Al had decided to retire. We spent a good deal of that morning figuring out what would happen after he was gone. In the end, he agreed to sell me the ownership of the business at a really good price. I would become the new boss, and the other staff would all keep their jobs. I was really pleased about that because we had all become good friends since Al and I had started the business and recruited them all.

At eleven I called the other staff to a meeting in my office. I wanted to throw Al a farewell party like no other, but was too buys with business to organise it. I put the staff to work, and gave them a challenge. I told them I wanted Al to have the wildest farewell party of all time, in keeping with is obsession with all things erotic. The rest was up to them.

I thanked them and then sat back in my leather chair, wondering what sexy delights they would conjure up between them.

Three days later, Al and I were having coffee at Carl's coffee bar talking over the exit strategy we had mapped out for him. He was happy with the deal we had reached, and so was I. Steve, my hubby, and I had decided to purchase the full balance of the business shares and so allowing Steve to join me in the business. He had no desire whatsoever to sell real estate. He said that was my area of expertise. He agreed to be the business manager and we put him on a salary that was appropriate. It would mean that we would have much more time to share together, as we had allocated about 25 hours each to the business in a work sense. Al had one of his legal mates look over it from his point of view, and we had Tim, Steve's best mate, do the same for us. It was a win-win deal and we all were pleased.

"So babe, what you got planned for old Al as a going away present? You know I wouldn't mind one last shag with those long legs of yours wrapped round my face!"

Al was a sexy old devil. As you know, we'd shared some wild times in the few years we had worked together to build the business. He was actually a lovely fuck, and the thought of giving him a special screw as a going away present had dawned on me. I enjoyed dressing up and making sex an event, and Al had attended a few of my performances over the years.

"You'll have to wait and see, Old man!" I taunted him.

Just then, a woman wearing a post office uniform approached us at our tale as we sat on the pathway outside Carl's on Station St. It's a busy street, and the table area is always busy with workers getting their caffeine fix for the day. Today was no exception.

The woman approached and asked Al his name. When he answered, she took a step back.

Suddenly, she opened a satchel and produced a small stereo, and music started blaring. It was quite loud and the other patrons watched as this female postal worker began an erotic striptease right there on the footpath! It was hilarious, but also sexy. She was very, very good, and slowly her pants, shirt, tie and hat were removed as she gave old Al a heart starting lapdance in the street. Cars were screeching to a halt as drivers realised what was going on. People going about their daily routine stopped to watch this very public erotic show. 

Al merely sat back and enjoyed the sexy tease. His hands a few times raised in an attempt to grab a breast here, or pinch a buttock there. The woman was now down to her boots and a rather small thong bikini, in full view of the public as she writhed around on Al's lap. He clearly had an erection, and I wondered how the crowd would react to the lewd bulge protruding from his crutch, tent poling his pants as this woman danced and rubbed herself upon him. Finally she grabbed Al's hand, jammed it in her bikini bottom and produced a small envelope, before jumping off him, kissing him on the cheek, and disappearing as suddenly as she had appeared and taken all our breath away!

Still sporting a nice bulge, Al tore open the envelope. Inside was a small card.

"What's it say?" I asked interested.

"It's a party invite. A farewell party from the staff. You evil, long legged bitch!"

"I had no idea Al. Honestly. I told the staff they had to organise a farewell. I'm merely picking up the tab. So what's the story? Where and when is it?" I asked, genuine in my ignorance about what they had settled upon as the old boy's final soiree.

The following Saturday night Steve and I were getting dressed for Al's farewell bash. It was fancy dress, and the theme was come as your favourite pron star. Yep, the team had certainly summed up Al pretty good! We were heading to a place in town called 'Pleasure'. It was a sort of combined night club, strip joint, with a separate section for those who wanted a little something more from any of the house dancers. Al, Steve and I had been there once before, just after I had clinched the deal with the Japanese guys on the four apartments. It was a wild place, and I was secretly proud of my team for choosing it as a fitting venue for Al's farewell. Not only that, but I was horny as hell, as for some reason Steve had refused to fuck me all week. I was like a kitten walking on hot roof tiles, and was jumping out of my skin as I shaved off the small stubble from my pussy lips, leaving just the thin strip above my clit.

Steve was going as Peter North. You know, the guy who cums, and cums and cums. He's actually a pretty decent looking guy too, and I often wondered how fucking hot it would be to fuck him and get drenched in cum from him. His dick is gorgeous, and I have actually got quite a large collection of his porn movies in my library. Steve has often fucked me whilst I've been watching Peter North dump a massive goo load on a hot woman on the screen. I guess he's my secret fantasy! Steve had put a dark rinse in his hair for the night, slicked it back like Peter. Steve keeps in good shape, and his abs are almost as good as Norths. However, the remaining muscles were not quite as big, specially the lovely pussy bursting dick muscle, but hey, a girl can't complain!!

I decided to go as Sylvia Saint. I actually look a little like her, but I needed lots more blonde hair, so I bought a fabulous long wig, and the transformation was complete. Sylvia is famous for her anal sex and also double penetration videos, and Steve and I have lots of her dvd's in our collection too. I wondered what Steve was thinking as I dressed for the part in skin tight black mini dress and heels. Sylvia always likes to wear stockings, so I topped the outfit off with a pair of Victoria's Secret stay ups with the gorgeous little diamantes on the ankle. In my huge hair I placed a black hair band, keeping the long cascades of blonde waves out of my face. Just like Sylvia, I covered my lips in ruby red gloss lipstick, then added a final coat of clear lip gloss. I puckered up to myself in the mirror and liked what I saw.

James from the office was one of the cute sales team Al and I had hired about a year ago. He was in charge of transport for the party, and had emailed me to tell me a car would be here to pick us up at eight, before heading to Al's to collect him at 8.30pm. We would then arrive at the function by nine and be welcomed officially by the club announcer. We had a separate room booked which had it's own dj, a bar and seating for about fifty people. The final invite list had reached a hundred, so the room would be nice and full by the time we arrived at nine.

Right on time, a huge limo arrived to collect Steve and I at eight, and we left for the evening, a warm glow already starting to fire my loins! In the back of the car, Steve poured us both a drink and we sat back and enjoyed the ride. I snuggled in to Steve's chest, his muscles slightly exposed by the purple 'porn star' shirt unbuttoned halfway down. His pants were well fitted black, and made of microfibre so they gripped his legs nicely. He'd put just enough of his Boss aftershave on to make my pussy tingle some more. I reached down and gave his cock a squeeze as I looked him in the eye.

"Not yet Sylvia" he said, his hand removing mine from his crotch.

I smiled just as the driver announced we had arrived at Al's place.

Al appeared at the doorway of his house dressed like Hugh Hefner. It was classic! He was wearing a red and black satin nightrobe, over a pair of black sating pyjama pants, and a pair of leather slippers on his feet. In his mouth he was chewing on a fat cigar! God, he really looked like Hef!

"Great costume, Al" said Steve.

"Thanks mate, and you must be the Dumpmaster?" he asked.

"Yep, and I've been saving my load all week just in case I have to prove my identity!" Steve replied laughing with my old boss.

"And you, you must be Jenna Jameson" Al said to me.

"OOOOOh, you bastard, I'm Sylvia. Sylvia Saint!"

"OOOOuch, then it might be not only Steve that has to prove his identity later – how's your anal sex going babe?" he chuckled, as we all had a good roar. "I've watched that little minx stuff more cock up her ass than anyone else I know!"

"Well then, now you know the reason I chose to go as her and not Jenna!" I answered, reminding the boys that whilst Jenna was a scorcher, she has not yet taken her anal cherry on film.

In the car we had time for one more drink before we arrived. The chauffeur opened the door for us and we made our way into the foyer of the Pleasure club. It was pure opulence in the classic forties style. Leather and excess were the norm. We put things in the cloak room and headed into a small waiting room adjacent to the room we had booked for the night. Tracy was inside waiting for us. She had taken on the MC role, and was keen for us to get settled ready for the big welcome now that everybody was here.


Five minutes later we all entered the large room and were stunned to find a mass of porn stars there to greet us. At least that's what it looked like! All our friends and business acquaintances were there, dressed in sexy costumes as pimps, porn stars, and the like. I swear I bumped into Cristy Canyon as we pushed through the crowd towards a small stage where they had organised to officially welcome Al. Steve and I stepped back a little, allowing just Tracy and Al to the front as the crowd cheered and welcomed the old bugger to his farewell party.

Tracy stepped forward and took the microphone. She explained the venue and the catering. Everything was on hand, and the food and drinks were to be distributed by a team of playboy bunnies. There were to be two special events, one at eleven and then a second at one. The second was announced as Al's parting gift from us all. Apparently everyone had donated twenty bucks each towards the final gift except me! My staff had arranged a special surprise and didn't want anyone to know about it until one o'clock. I wondered what it might be! After explaining that a separate little playroom had been set up down the back for anyone wanting to play the porn star role to the hilt, Tracy called Al forward and presented his to the crowd as Hugh Hefner. Wild applause met the old bugger and I detected for a moment a tear in the corner of his eye! He simply stood there, soaking it all in, and waved to his friends and colleagues.

Ten minutes later he and I were dancing on the floor enjoying s glass of champagne as the party got underway.

"You old softy!" I shouted in his ear so as to be heard over the loud 70's music. 

The staff had arranged all of Al's favourite songs to be played throughout the night!

"I saw a twinkle of a tear in your eye. Sad to be going?"

"Listen hot pants" he said squeezing my bum in the black mini.

"Even old sex maniacs like me are allowed to be contemplative at times like these. Now shut up and show me those magnificent tits of ours will ya?" he said.

The Al I knew was back, and I kissed him on the lips, our tongues entangling for a moment as we danced.

I enjoyed a couple more songs before that woman dressed as Cristy Canyon appeared, and asked if she could cut in.

I studied her carefully, then realised who it was. Megan from reception! My god, she normally had pancakes for tits, but somehow she'd managed to make them look huge!

Anyway, I decided to have a wander and meet some of the guests and check out their costumes as I left Al in good hands, or should I say boobs!

I came across two guys who were dancing and kissing. It set me back at first, not expecting to see tow men kissing, but then I realised it was Roger and Nathan from Buckleys. They were agents we had helped sell condos for, and ran a successful property development firm. They were also lovers and completely gay. I joined them for a while, enjoying the sensation of dancing with two guys I knew had no sexual interest in me at all. It's a strange, but somehow very safe feeling, and I knew many of the women liked to think they could "straighten" them out. I knew better. I enjoyed a few dances, rubbed my boobies all over their gorgeous chests, but then decided to move on, preferring my men a little more hetero!

Walking back towards the bar, I ordered a kahlua and milk, and settled in to relax and enjoy the scenery. Steve found me about a half hour, and another drink, later. I was starting to feel that warm buzz that a few drinks gives you. I must admit alcohol gets to me pretty fast, and the main sensations I get are a carefree attitude and a warming of my crutch. Yes, I get damn horny!

I took my husband by the hand and led him onto the main dance area. For a good half hour we danced, kissed, writhed and played like teenagers. It was wonderfully sexy just to dance with my man and not care about anything else in the world. All that dancing had made me both sweaty and horny as hell, and if Tracy hadn't taken the microphone and made an announcement, I reckon I might have had sex with Steve right there on the dance floor!

"Ladies and gentlemen. Tonight is a special night for our good friend, Al Bartram. Yes, the dirty old bugger is finally retiring from the real estate game, and tonight we are all here to help him celebrate his wonderful career. A career that has 'touched' us all in some way. The females probably more than the men, but hey, that's our Al! Now, please all kindly look towards the drop down screen on the left, and enjoy the show!"

With that, a remote control screen dropped down from the ceiling and a projector flickered to life. The next ten minutes was one of the most interesting biographical slide shows I had ever seen. Al was shown from baby to present day. Every single guest was shown in a photo of some description with Al, and it was all accompanied by his favourite music from Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd.

The photo of me and Al was taken at a New Year's Eve party, and showed him behind me lifting up my top and flashing my boobs for everyone to see. Mind you, almost every photo was risqué in nature, and not a face in the room was straight. By the end of the slideshow, our cheeks and jaws ached from laughter. It was brilliant.

Just as the screen blacked out, Tracy called Al up onto the makeshift stage and asked him to sit in the chair she had next to her. Applause welcomed him as he took his position. Suddenly all the lights went out. A few small shrieks indicated the darkness in the room. Two minutes later, a spotlight came on, and it was focussed on Al in the chair. The only difference was, Al was now handcuffed to the chair behind his back, and he was also blindfolded.

Applause, wolf whistling and cheering erupted as we all knew something was about to happen.

All of a sudden loud music belted out from the speakers, and a policewoman was standing next to him in the classic feet slightly apart, hands behind her back gripping the truncheon position. She looked hot in her tight skirt, boots and blue shirt buttoned halfway up or down her chest, depending on which way you look at it!

She spent the next ten minutes or so doing the classic striptease, until she was down to just her boots, her gorgeous naked body on full display. Knowing Al intimately, I knew he was dying to get his hands on the hot woman teasing him, but the cuffs were doing their job well.

Suddenly, the woman jumped onto Al's lap, sat on him, her legs spread totally wide apart exposing her pussy to all of us in the crowd. She writhed and wriggled on Al's cock for a few moments, trapped inside his robe, before using her fingers to pleasure herself and making her pussy really, really wet.

The room went wild, because the woman then took her police baton and started to ease it into her pussy, her fingers working her swollen clit as she fucked herself on Al's lap. He must have been going crazy, but none of us in the crowd cared because she was putting on a brilliant show. She managed to slide about eight inches of truncheon inside her before pulling it out and then resuming her attack on her sopping cunt, pushing it in and out time and time again. I was in love! This policewoman was a hot bitch and she fucked herself to a screaming orgasm on Al's lap in front of the screaming and applauding crowd before grabbing her things and kissing the crowd as she left behind the curtain she had appeared from earlier.

It was an amazingly erotic show, and the action on the dance floor reflected the arousal the woman had caused in us all. 

Al was uncuffed by Tracy, and as I danced once again with Steve, I noticed the huge erection poking from Al's satin gown as he stood up, slowly coming down the stairs from the stage.

I walked towards him, and without a word, grasped his cock and gave it an almighty squeeze. 

"Enjoyed that did you?" I asked, my eyes fluttering as I looked at his flustered face.

"Fuck yes. What do you think hot pants?" he replied, his mouth finding me in a kiss that sent sparks shooting down my spine to my loins.

"Well, then I guess you won't be looking forward to the next special event at one o'clock?" I asked teasingly.

"Shit, you bet I am babe. If it's half as hot as that police babe, I'm gonna die a happy man!" he said, chuckling.

"I need a drink babe" he said, and headed for the bar.

I headed back to find my hubby, but was distracted by a woman dressed as a bondage mistress.

"Hi, you must be Dee" she said, smiling.

"Yep, that's me!" I answered smiling, my eyes soaking in her taught tummy and athletic thighs. 

"Al tells me you like to play for both teams. Is that true?"

"OOOh, he does, does he? Well, I may just have to kick the old codger in the balls for spreading rumours. However, on this occasion, he is correct. I do enjoy girls as much as men. You?"

I already knew the answer, but protocol made me ask anyway.

"As a matter of fact I only bat for one side. I'm a lesbian Dee. Care for a dance?"

She took me by the hand almost before I had a chance to reply. We walked a few paces to the rear of the room, where she took me in a classic waltz embrace, despite the relatively fast music. Before long, her lips were on mine and we were pashing on the dance floor in front of anyone who cared to watch.

I found her an interesting contradiction. Her tongue was extremely moist and soft as it flickered my own. Her lips though, were firm and forceful, as she held me by the head and smothered my mouth with her erotic kisses. I looked aside long enough to notice Al was watching. This excited me and I snaked my left hand down to find this amazing woman's pussy. It was encased in the tight leather of her corset and underwear.

Mean while Steve had headed for the bar to get us both another drink, but had been waylayed by Tracy, who, seeing him alone, had squeezed his ample crotch.

"Enjoying yourself, Tiger?" she asked as she caressed my husdband's cock.
