 Without any further ceremony the assertive black woman hoisted her skirt high, seating her ass down on the edge of the pool stairs, careful not to get any of her hotel uniform in the water below. She then lay back on the concrete decking, parting her thighs as she worked the front of her blouse open. 

I didn't need any coaching as to what to do next. I'm a fan of brown sugar women (always have been), and since this lady was offering herself up in exchange for allowing Brittni, Brooklyn and myself to continue messing around in the pool... well I figured it would be wins all around for us. I couldn't have been more correct! 

Kneeling in the water on the pool steps I plunged face-first into that mysterious bare black pussy. By now she'd freed those wonderfully big floppy titties of hers; allowing them to wibble-wobble around like two happy jello mold deserts atop her rib cage. With her lovely brown funbags free, she dropped her fingers down to her crotch; splaying the folds to her scrumptious chocolate brownie of a snatch open for me to munch. 

My lips met a dusky twat truffle; full of mushroomy feminine scents. Her soul sister snatch was a puffed out horse-collar meat-curtain sort of affair... just waiting to be explored and plundered by a guy who loves to eat pussy. Luckily for her, I all but have twat-gobbler my resume. I love a big "loose-meat labia," and Vivian's pink and purple puss-pie 

A second later and my nose bumped up against a hard nubby clitoris, partially hidden under its hood and oh DAMN - what a clit she had! It impressed me to say the least, that cunt-nub of hers. Just like the stereotype of black men having enormous cocks, some black women possess a clitoris that is nothing short of huge. 

Vivian was no exception. She was hung like a hooded stuffed date, (and definitely happy to see me)! I gave that puffy pussy a few good licks before focusing my attentions on that wonderfully stubby smokey link of a clit; commencing to give this sex starved Nubian nympho-MILF a hungry clitty blowjob! 

Vivian responded almost instantly to this; raising hips against my lips and teeth, (all while sucking in her breath). She ran her fingers through my hair, letting loose a contented, 

"Ooh baaaby yeahhh, like that... juss like that!" 

I just kept sucking at that clit of hers; bobbing my head and finger-blasting her snatch hole with one, then two, then three curved digits. Every now and then I'd drop down to give that puss-hole a good licking - even going so far down as to plant hickey's on her taint and to chew and tongue-fuck that spicy dark pucker-ring of her anus. I'd then return to that lovely swollen clit and suck it for all I was worth; causing her to eventually whimper like she'd a massive bellyache and comment, 

"HHHMMMMnnnniicccccce MMMMMNnnnndamn playa (ugh) ... (giggle) yeah! Maybe you white boys don't have dicks as big black men but I'll say this for you - you ain't afraid of a little puss-stink on your lips! (giggle) Oooh just like that... oooh yeah!" 

She was all sighs, wiggles, and 'Oooh yeah's' as I simply enjoyed munching her pussy and making her moan. It all went on for several minutes until her head began to toss from side to side. She tugged her black jelly-bean titty nubs as if she were pulling open a stuck dresser drawer and began to softly whimper. 

Now she raised her pelvis; again and again in an effort to hump my mouth... then there was a funky shudder. She grabbed the back of my skull with desperate fingers and ground herself against me furiously; all the while sounding as if she were either choking or trying to hold in a sneeze. 

There was presently a warm trickle against my chin. I knew that sensation. I dipped my snout, lapping her juices like a hungry-as-hell horn-dog. 

She heaved a great shuddering gasp and then peered down between her tits into my eyes with a grateful smile. I could barely make out her features in full moon's illumination. Presently her smile melted into another expression however. 

I'd seen this look before. It was that particular sort of look a woman gives you once you've just finished eating the very soul out of her puss and she suddenly remembers - HEY he brought dick too! I felt the hook of her fingers under my chin. She was far from done with me. 

She pulled me up from the fleshy warmth of those thick thighs of hers; intent on plugging her puss with a more penetrative portion of my anatomy. I didn't stop my licking and kissing however; in fact, I kissed up and over her mons, noting that she had several little razor bumps and coochie hair stubbly-wubblies that she needed to shave or pluck. 

I didn't care... I love pussy, and love women's bodies with all their cragginess and imperfections. Anyhow, I then kissed and licked up over that exposed round muffin-top of her belly, then on to her big floppy titties, sucking first one and then the other as I huffed in her lovely cocoa-butter aroma. Then I was up to her neck and shoulders, biting and nibbling... savoring ever last inch of brown sugar she had to offer me. 

At last we were face to face and in the moonlight. I could feel her eyes looking directly into my soul as she smiled and scrutinized my very own pupils. I didn't have long to wonder if she was trying to read my thoughts, for her lips seized mine in a deep hungry kiss as her deft fingers snatched my stiffness and hastily fed it to the entrance to that dark Nubian puss-pit between her legs. A second later there was a push and a slide and a second after that my cock was sheathed happily up to the hilt in wonderfully well-seasoned African American hoo-hoo! 

We began to grind fuck. Behind me, I heard more splashing sounds. It seemed my two mermaids, Brooklyn and Brittni, had resumed their Sapphic scissor-sawing; figuring Vivian and I were otherwise occupied at the moment. Oh and we were, we most definitely were! 

Vivian and I smashed in a good old body-hammering fuck; meaty sounds of flesh smacking against flesh filling the air around us. I stood knee-deep in water at the pool's steps while Vivian reclined with her ass just a few inches above the chlorine waves. The pool around us now was like a boiling sea; churned up by Brook and Britt, (who'd as it turned out had relocated to the shallows next to us where they could scissor fuck like sex crazed sirens in a kiddie pool). 

We smashed, smashed (and smashed some more), locked in a wonderfully nasty interracial pussy-pounding session that lasted for several minutes until we both were swept up in a powerful orgasmic rush. Vivian's head flew back and she chomped down on back of her hand, (in an effort to muffle a primal scream and not wake guests on the hotel's poolside). Gripping like a vise, her pussy contractions triggered me into cumming hard and blasting a huge load of baby batter into her pussy. A moment later and I felt a trickle of her girly cum dribble down along my shaft and balls. I that still night air, I could smell the lovely heady perfume of our poolside fuck and it inspired me to roll my hips more, letting the magic of the moment last and last for us we locked lips and held each other close. 

We weren't done yet though. Vivian much to her surprise, found I was still hard, (although I figured it was too long a story to explain the specifics my medical condition). Who really wants a lecture on pharmaceuticals at a moment like that anyhow? 

I wanted to feel her mouth on my cock, so I pulled out and brought my stubborn stiffy to her kisser. She took my problematic pussy poker in her pouty pucker and proceeded to give me good slow head in the moonlight until I nutted again in her mouth a short time later. Just as she was swallowing down my spurt there was a thrashing in the water next to us. The Sapphic "sea-going scissor-spawn" session of Britt and Brooklyn had finally paid off in a shared lesbian climax, as both ladies gasped happily in the tossing waves beneath the moon's pale beams. 

"You aren't limp yet?" Vivian asked looking at my big wobbily pecker? 

"No," I answered, "but didn't your smoke-break end a good while back?" 

"Oh," she explained as she pumped my cock in her fist (seeming to marvel that I was still stiff), "I'm off the clock. My shift ended just before I came out here and I needed a smoke before heading home. Didn't know I was gonna end up smokin' yo' dick, white man." 

"Well," I observed, "maybe you might have time for a little more fun before you get on the road for the night?" 

"You still wanna go AGAIN?" she said in wide-eyed disbelief adding, "I mean, I can go again. God knows I won't be gettin any of this tonight from Harold," 

I nodded my head and stroked my "hard to kill" hardon, letting her know I was game if she was. I had her lean back again and point her ass skyward, her arms hooking her knees as I pushed the bell-head of my dong to her lovely dark butt-hole pucker. With a shove from me and a sigh from Vivian, I slid right up into the warm nasty squeeze of her rectum and began to saw and churn. 

Brittni rose from the water eager to join in the fun. She knelt at Vivian's ear, whispering something to her. A second later the hot black MILF smiled with a nod, saying she'd love to. With that Britt tossed a leg over Vivian and sat down on the woman's face. 

I was presently joined by Brooklyn down at Vivian's hindquarters. She looked up at me those "bad little girl eyes" of hers and blinked coquettishly in the moon's pale blue glow. 

"Can I play too Daddy?" she asked with a squeak, using her spoiled brat voice. 

"You may," I answered, "now get down there and slurp my cum from her snatch. Eat her pussy till she sees God!" 

And so it went. In another ten minutes we'd made Vivian late as fuck to get home that night. We'd also made her cum and shake like the fucking San Andreas Fault was acting up. The fun culminated with Britt shuddering and dribbling a generous squirting girlie-gasm into Vivian's hungry twat-sucker, (just as I exploded and sent a rope of nut sauce up Vivian's nasty but oh so nice Nubian nether-hole). It's fun buying silence under the right conditions! 

We said our goodbyes for the evening to Vivian and she asked about maybe hooking up with each of us again sometime. We looked a bit perplexed and Brook commented about not having anything to write with. Vivian told us not to worry... she'd had it covered, (the next night she left a card on the room service platter with all her contact information which we quickly entered into our phones). We looked forward to having future adventures with Vivian, (but that is another set of stories for another time I think). 

In the meantime, the three of us headed back to the room for more sexy shenanigans and a good night's sleep but suffice to say, during our hotel stay there were others who'd learn about our after-hours hijinks in the pool. By others, I mean Bob and Eunice. 

Bob and Eunice hailed from southern Indiana. A sweet old couple, they are in their early sixties. To look at them you'd say they were typical cute tourists who have AARP memberships, (and who slightly resemble those unusually attractive older couples on TV commercials running all day long on cable news stations). I could see those two, hocking reverse-home mortgages or some miracle fiber cereal to help you poop. They had that kind of old but not out to pasture, quality about them. 

It seemed Britt and Brooklyn ran into them over in the restaurant while I was having my little tryst with Hot-Wife Wendy in the broom closet. Britt being the lovely wholesome "Indiana farm girl transplant" to San Diego that she was, immediately charmed the old mom and pop. Apparently Brittni has a grandmother back in southern Indy, (and Bob and Eunice new her grandma's town very well). The old couple chatted and with Brook and Britt, revealing they were in town for Bob's Navy reunion and would be at the hotel for a few more days. In the end of the encounter both Britt and Brook hit it off and made quite an impression with Bob and Eunice, (if only the two girls had known just what that impression had been)! 

Anyhow, the next evening following our day of signing books and smooching for cameras, the three of us continued with kinky fuckery up in the room; going through several more toys and devices that the girls had brought with them until the room service arrived. The meal was delivered of none other than the Nubian sex-goddess Vivian. 

I ended up getting a kiss from her after e-signing for the meal. She went so far as to reach up under my robe and give my cock a squeeze, (commenting it was a shame she had many more hours left in her shift). I watched her turn and leave, knowing I'd someday have another crack at all that brown sugar beneath that skirt. Like I said, another story for another time. 

After scarfing down dinner, we decided we needed more splash time down in the pool. We threw the white robes on our bare asses and headed to the elevator. In no time at all we were engaging in wet three-way fuckery, (cheered on by the light of the waning moon at the pool's mid-section). It was about that time we heard a rattling sound of the pool gate being shaken vigorously. 

It was none other than Bob and Eunice and they sounded frustrated. They were attempting to get into the pool area and found the gate locked. Bob uttered a loud "Dammit," in the dark and Eunice cut loose a sigh of disappointment; commenting they shouldn't had such a late dinner if they wanted to have used the pool and hot tub. They'd nothing to fear however; as Brittni sprang into action from the water calling out to them, 

"Eunice! Bob! Its me Brittni, wait there you two... lemme let you in!" 

From our spot in the pool Brooklyn and I could make out the sweet little old couple; craning heads left and right beyond the gate and peering into the darkness. A second later they both erupted in a happy shout as they beheld a nubile naked Brittni; her wet pixie flesh shimmering in the moonlight as bounced up the steps from the water. Britt quickly crossed the concrete deck to the gate, letting both grateful grayhairs in for an after-hours dip.  

In the dimness we could make out their features. He was a little under six feet tall with a crop of silver hair and a brushy mustache. She was about five foot five, (her silver and black hair noticibly short in a sort of Ellen DeGeneres close-cut thing that a lot of women do upon reaching a certain age). Both were rather on the skinny side of things and appeared to have been shaped by a life of hard work on a farm someplace. 

We waived from the pool and it became readily apparent to both Bob and Eunice (based upon our collective lack of clothing), they'd arrived somewhat over-dressed for the occasion. We expected them to be a bit shocked by our nudity, but instead moment later it was OUR turn to be surprised. The two sixty-somethings dropped their own white robes to the deck; revealing that they'd too shunned swimming attire altogether, (altogether I guess being the key word here). A second later and then the pair hopped their bare asses in the pool with twin splashes of water, Brittni following close behind with a very unladylike cannonball splash of her own. We'd found kindred spirits. 

That wasn't the only surprise Bob and Eunice had in store for us though. After swimming around a bit, Eunice suggested we adjourn to the hot tub at the edge of the pool. It was one of those "spill-over" deals that had a circular concrete bench running around the inside of the tub and quickly four bare asses plopped inside the hot water; boy-girl, boy-girl... leaving Brittni the odd one out to go turn on the jets for us. When she returned she stepped her cute pixie ass into the middle of tub and remained standing in the very center of things as the rolling bubbles rose about the five of us. 

They really were a charming pair of folks; genial, friendly, (gregarious with conversation even). If we weren't all naked and parked in a hot tub, I'd sworn we'd been attending a backyard barbeque, (complete with hamburgers, watermelon, and horseshoes). Eunice impressed me as a lady who loved laughing and having conversation with all sorts of people. Bob seemed to be one of those loud back-slapping uncle types who'd always have a joke to tell, (or who'd always grab the air in front of your face and tell you he got your nose). 

It turned out in conversation that Bob and Eunice were both nudists; no big surprise there, (seeing as they'd shucked off their white robes as easily if they'd been baseball caps). In fact, they seemed quite comfortable being undressed before us. Eunice also seemed to not notice in the least (or care for that matter), that I'd been looking at her rather abundant if not somewhat droopy 34Cs, (with nipples that might just as well have been maraschino cherries from their size and pointiness). Bob also didn't seem to mind or care that I was looking at his wife's hooh-hahs either. The math suddenly all added up when Eunice also mentioned that they were swingers and had been so since the mid 1970's when they were first married. 

"I take it you three are practitioners of the lifestyle as well?" Eunice asked. She leaned out over the water with her mouth slightly agape as if hoping she'd hear the correct answer. 

"We are," I replied after a pause, "although my circumstances are a bit different from these other two here." 

I explained my situation at home with Linda. Bob and Eunice groaned out of genuine remorse and sympathy for me. I shrugged it all off saying it was what it was, (and that there was no sense crying about such things). I then added with a nod in the direction of Brook and Britt, 

"Besides - this pair of sea-nymphs has been helping me forget."  

"Yes," agreed Eunice, "it's always so very VERY nice to have people around to help one forget!" 

With that she reached under the rolling bubbles. Her hand quickly found my perpetually stiff penis. Her palm gave it a few pumps, as if driving home the point that she and Bob were here in town for FAR MORE than merely his Navy reunion! 

She kept her hand right there, gripping my dong as if she were churning butter; making a vigorous up and down handjob beneath the surface of the water EVERYONE was aware of, (despite the fact that the conversation had turned to our writing careers and the fact that Brooklyn, Brittni, and I were here for book signings). It was quite surreal, five naked people sitting in a hot tub in the moonlight; discussing writing, life, marriage and a score of other subjects to boot; all while this lovely grandmotherly type from Indiana masturbated me furiously in front of her husband and my two companions. 

Now and again Bob would say something mildly suggestive to Brook and Britt, (who'd giggle and flirt back with him). He'd then act dead-pan clueless as to the double en-tendre he'd made. It was all an act now between Bob, his wife, and we three perverted writers. They'd picked up on our vibe and we'd done the same with theirs. It was only after a few minutes of discussion that our conversation came back around and landed squarely on the subject of sex; seeings how the three of us were writers of erotica and Bob and Eunice admitted to being more than casual readers of the genre. 

Eunice explained while her fist furiously rammed up and down on my throbber that she and Bob were not only swingers, but followers of the Hotwife ethos. She asked if we knew what that was. Brooklyn giggled a bit, happily explaining that all three of us as writers of sex stories, had touched upon the Hotwife topic and that indeed SHE had been a follower of the Hotwife practice for several years now; shagging dudes here and there while her hubby remained at home. Brittni chimed in that it was something she and I had often written about for Literotica. 
