 Amanda sat at the bar alone, content with her own company and that of her Long Island Iced Tea. It was an existence she’d accepted when she chose to marry a man twice her age, but she missed a time when she could join in the fun that her peers were having on the dance floor. She just sat there, sipping her drink and watching longingly.

“Would you like to dance?”

She looked up at him, mesmerized by the stark contrast created by his bright blue eyes and dark black hair.

“I’m sorry, I’m married,” she answered.

“Married or dead? Last time I checked, you didn’t promise to never dance again in your vows, did you?” he chuckled. “Where is your husband?”

“Oh, he doesn’t care for bars,” she admitted.

“Well, you are here and I don’t think a lovely lady should sit here by herself while everyone else is dancing. I’m Steven and I promise I’ll be a gentleman,” he smiled. His dimples entranced her and she couldn’t think of a good reason to say no.

“I’m Amanda,” she smiled in return.

“Is that a yes?”

“Yes, I’ll dance,” she giggled.

He took her hand in his with a firm yet gentle grasp and led her to the dance floor. He spun her around and took her into his arms. They were strong arms, she couldn’t help but notice as he held her close for the remainder of the slow song currently playing. She turned to go as the song ended and a faster, newer song took over but he grabbed her hand.

“Now come on…you don’t expect to let you go after one slow song, do you?” he flashed those dimples at her.

“I really should sit down. The long islands hit me harder once I stand up,” she said. 

It was the truth but right now she was only using it as an excuse to put some distance between the two of them. She was enamored and she knew her willpower wasn’t what it used to be.

“Dancing is the best cure I know. You move around, it gets the blood pumping, and you sweat out some of the alcohol. Come on, trust me,” he grinned.

Something in his eyes and his smile told him trust was the last thing she should offer him but she relented.

Her head started spinning a bit as she danced with him. She hadn’t dirty-danced with anyone in a long time but it was like riding a bike, it came right back to her as they danced. She knew she’d had too many drinks because each time she turned around, he seemed to be wearing different clothes or his hair was styled differently. At one point, she’d believed there was more than one of him. Several dances later, she’d had enough.

“Steven, I need to sit down now, I really do,” Amanda said, stumbling toward the end of the dance floor.

“Here, sit down,” he helped her to a table.

She looked up and saw him, actually she saw three of him, and that worried her.

“Wow, I think someone spiked my drink. I’m seeing three of you,” she whispered.

“No, Amanda, you’re fine. These are my brothers, this is Andrew and this is Michael.”

“Wow, are you triplets?” she asked.

“No, I’m 21, Michaels 22, and Andrew is 24. We just look a lot alike.” Steven explained.

“It’s the eyes,” Michael noted.

“Are you feeling okay?” Andrew asked.

“I just need a few minutes, I’ll be okay. I’m already better now that I know there really are three of you,” she smiled.

“Maybe you should call your husband and have him pick you up. I don’t think you are in any shape to drive,” Steven said with concern.

“I don’t drive, I’ll get a cab when I leave.”

“We couldn’t let you get a cab in this condition. We share a house just a block down the road. You can come and lay down until you feel a little better,” Michael offered.

“Yeah, we have plenty of room,” Andrew added.

“I couldn’t ask you guys to do that for me,” Amanda said naively.

“It’s our pleasure,” Steven grinned, helping her to her feet and following his brothers out the door.

“Wow, nice place you have here,” Amanda said, her head cleared quite a bit from the fresh air.

Steven turned her around and kissed her. It took her by surprise but she didn’t fight him, she kissed him back hard and with passion.

As they released the kiss, she backed up and fell back. Andrew caught her.

“Whoa,” he said as he turned her around and went in for the kiss.

His lips were soft and his kiss was sweet and gentle. She longed for it to continue and she kissed him back. He gently nibbled on her lower lip as he pulled away.

The sensations took her by surprise and she sat down on the couch where Michael was sitting. He leaned over and started to place soft kisses on her neck and up to her mouth. Their kiss was hard and nasty with their tongues exploring each others’ mouths.

Suddenly they were all over her. Michael was kissing her hard on the lips while Andrew had lifted her shirt to explore her breasts and Steven was kissing up her legs.

“Wait,” she announced as she tried to push them all away. “I can’t do this. I’m a married woman.”

Steven pulled her black thong to the side and traced her clit with his tongue.

“Married or not, you like that, don’t you?” Michael asked as Steven continued.

“Uh huh,” she barely managed to moan.

“We won’t tell your husband,” Andrew added.

As Steven continued to lick her clit with long hard licks, he started to dip one, then two fingers into her tight pussy.

Andrew returned to sucking on her nipples and Michael looked on.

“We don’t want you to feel like you can’t leave,” he smirked. “Do you want us to stop?”

Steven started fucking her harder with his fingers and licked harder on her clit.

“Don’t stop,” she called out as her body shuttered and she climaxed.

With those words, the three brothers took over with their wildest fantasies.

Steven slid down onto the floor, his back to the couch and tilted his head up. Michael took Amanda by her hands and helped her to her knees on the couch so Michael could return to licking her clit. Andrew dropped his pants and without so much as thinking about asking, he entered Amanda from behind.

“Oh God,” she screamed.

Michael climbed in front of her on the couch and took his hard cock from his pants. 

“Suck my cock,” he told her.

She didn’t even pretend she didn’t want to. She slowly circled the head of his cock with her tongue as Andrew rocked softly behind her, fucking her with just half of his shaft and Steven licked and rubbed her clit.

As Andrew started thrusting more of his massive cock inside of her, she took more and more of Michaels cock into her mouth. When Andrew started fucking her harder with his whole cock, she took every inch of Michaels cock into her mouth and throat, throwing him into pleasures he’d only imagined.

Steven started to rub her clit in circles, faster and faster.

“Cum all over Andrew’s cock!” he told her. “He wants to feel your cunt tighten around him.”

As her body tensed and her muscles began to spasm, Andrew couldn’t hold it in any longer. Her pussy pulsated and grew tighter and milked his cock for every drop of cum. 

“Fuck!” he yelled as he exploded.

Andrew backed away. “Damn her pussy is tight as fuck. Who’s next?” he laughed.

Steven pulled her down onto his lap and slid his cock into her slippery wet pussy.

“Fuck!” he called out in pleasure.

“Oh God,” she moaned.

Steven grabbed her hips and pressed her down hard on his cock as he thrust his hips upwards, digging in deep.

“Fuck her harder,” Michael called out as he sat on the couch watching and stroking his cock.

“Rip her tight cunt open wide,” Andrew egged him on.

“Oh God, give it to me,” she begged.

Michael scooted down from his perch on the couch and grabbed Amanda’s nipple, pulling hard.

“You like the way he fucks you, don’t you?”

“Uh huh. I like his big fat cock,” Amanda replied.

Michael reached down and started to play with her clit.

“You’re gonna make him cum just like you did Andrew.”

“Milk his fucking cock,” Andrew added.

Michael was rubbing in fast circles now and her body tensed up again until she started to quiver, her cunt pulsating around his cock as it grew tighter still.

Steven threw his head back as his cock hardened inside of her and his load spilled out inside, filling her with hot sticky cum.

“My turn,” Michael said devilishly.

He pushed Amanda down onto the floor and raised her legs up on his shoulders. He teased her pussy lips with his cock head, just running it up and down them but not entering her.

She tilted her head back to look at Andrew and Steven. She was licking her lips in anticipation of what was about to come.

“Oh God, oh God,” she screamed as he drove the entire length of his cock into her pussy. “Fuck me!”

The sounds of her moans and the sight of Michael ramming his cock into her pussy got Steven hard again immediately. Both he and Andrew got to their knees and started to stroke their cocks over Amanda’s face. 

As Michael fucked her hard and fast, she’d occasionally grab and suck them one after the other, sometimes together.

“Make us cum bitch,” Michael said. “Play with your clit and milk my cock while they cum on your face.”

“Oh yeah baby, I want your cum,” Amanda said as she started massaging her clit in circles. “Fuck me harder.”

He lifted her ass off the floor and started ramming his hard cock deeper and deeper into her tight cunt. She started rubbing in smaller circles and as cum started to drip from Andrew’s cock onto her face her body convulsed and her cunt started to pulsate. 

“Oh fuck,” Michael yelled out as he filled her cunt with streams of gooey cum.

She opened her mouth wide as Andrew spurted his cum onto her tongue and Steven joined to fill her mouth.

“Yeah, fill her dirty fucking mouth,” Michael cheered them on as he finally pulled out.

“Ooooh, fuck yeah,” they moaned together as they came on her face and in her mouth.

She sat up, licked her lips and swallowed it down.

She gathered her clothes and started to dress. 

“If you’ll excuse me, I need to get that cab. I’m meeting my new husbands family for the first time tomorrow.”

She walked away, leaving them without another word.