 Chapter 5

More Adventures At Home

I would never have believed she was capable of doing what she already had. And she was asking for more- much more. We were making this up as we went along. This is a true story and its mine. 

During the last couple of weeks after our adventure in the desert she had been talking about trying something with a group and whether or not I could manage a little example for us discretely. We were at the office late and everyone had gone home. She was sitting on the edge of my desk with her skirt up around her waste and, as usual, had no underwear on. I was enjoying the view and she was enjoying my fingers which were working her clit and G spot. She had opened her blouse to permit her hands room to massage her breasts and pinch her nipples. I thought she was having a little problem concentrating but she managed to hold it together for the conversation. There was no question about her state of arousal. Her cheeks and neck were flushed and her pussy was like a facet.

"Ok, how about this for a plan. We keep it small and discreet. I'll invite two other couples I know who swing over to my place. They will understand you are a newbie and they will take your lead as to how far you want to go. If you chose to do nothing other than watch, that's fine and no foul. Truthfully they won't care either way although after seeing you they might want to hit on you."

"I've already done a little more than that thanks to those cooperative truck drivers. I'd like to see how far I am willing to go past some head. I know I can be a total slut iI let myself go and so do you. Can you arrange that and how soon?" 

"I probably could get something going by the weekend or the first of the week." 

"That should be perfect. Greg is going to visit his mother in Indiana for a week and I won't have to lie about where I am sleeping. If it goes well I really don't want to have a curfew. I may never get another opportunity to test myself with total time freedom."

That being settled, at least for her, she slid off the desk and got down on her knees between my legs. She undid my belt and zipper and had me out in the open in a moment. She wasted no time and swallowed my already hard cock in one gulp. She was devouring me with her hands and mouth and tongue as if it was going to be her last time. I picked her up, sat her on the desk again and rammed my dick home before she could complain. She leaned back and pulled her knees back to allow more room and a better angle and was pushing back with every stroke to maximize my penetration. Weird, I thought, but this was really the first time we had sex in the office. 

We were both heated up so we just went at it like rabbits until she came. I was right behind her dumping a large load in her pussy. As she started down from her sexual high, she started to giggle.

"We are fucking amazing -- you and I are. It's like neither of us can withstand even a suggestion or a sexual innuendo with each other without acting on it. I must say it is the best and most frequent and astonishing sex I have had in my life. I sure hope we never get to a place where we don't want to do this anymore."

"I can't speak for you but I am not in any hurry to slow down!"

We cleaned up the mess on my desk including some of our combined cum and headed on home. In the back parking lot she gave me a passionate kiss and squeezed my dick until it was hard again.

"Not fair."

"Just something to remember me by!" She got in her car and drove off.

The next day I called my friend out East. After the regular pleasantries and an explanation of why I needed them, he gave me several local names and numbers to call. Truth be told I didn't really know anyone out here. Most of my swinger friends were on the other coast. After several conversations, I chose two couples that were relatively close by for personal viewings and conversation. I asked them to come by on Thursday after work to discuss the events for the weekend.

When they arrived I was struck by their looks -- my friend had steered me right. The guys were in pretty good shape but the women were built for sex. The women wore only enough clothes to be decent in public but showed off everything they had with skimpy halter tops, short mini-skirts and little else. Brandy and Norm, both in their late 30's were the typical California looking surfer guy and beach bunny -- blond, fit and tanned. Miko and Bill, both in their early 40's, were a racially mixed couple that were fortunate enough to have received the best genes from their black and Asian ancestry. Bill was carrying some extra weight, but he did so well. If the bulge in his pants was an indication of his size, he was hung like an elephant. 

We shared some drinks and snacks and I outlined the situation. They were all in the porn business and had been in front of the camera a great deal so there was no problem with the video-taping and no problem with diseases that could kill you. They had brought along test results a day old.

"Just make sure I don't see myself in the store or on the net. I wouldn't like that because we ain't getting paid regular scale" warned Bill.

"This is strictly an insurance video."

"OK, man -- sounds cool! If she is as good as you say I may just forget the fee!"

They also were all ardent swingers and offered to take us to several clubs with varying 'dirty -- meters' from suburban civil to absolute drunk and raunchy. Brandy mentioned that she had broken in several newbies to swinging with Norm over the years, both male and female, and that she could insure Gail's comfort level and enjoyment. I said I was looking forward to watching it. Miko and Bill said that they were always looking for new people to share with and would not be too aggressive. She said they had met at a swinging party which they had gone to with other people. 

"Once in the sack with Bill and his enormous dick that was all I could think about -- so I called him the next day and the rest is history -- in the bedroom, at the clubs or on film. Is she really up for this or will it be a real nervous situation?" 

"She has been gradually working up to it. We have discussed it pretty well and I believe she wants to try. If she is in the right mood, she will surprise you all -- she'll have sex with absolute abandon. It will be up to us to get her there. She knows why you will be here and she just has to adjust to it being so expected. She has had sex in public places, done some exhibitionism, and been to nudist clubs so that part shouldn't be an issue. It's the multiple and witness part."

"We'll be cool" said Norm. "Just give us the sign if we don't get it right."

We set the time for 5:30 Saturday and after some nice full body hugs, long open mouth kisses, and some long sensuous groping to get to know each other's body parts, they were off. 

"Nice dick you got there guy" said Brandy "looking forward to playing with it!".

"Just remember, we've done this before together" I reminded them as they left. 

"No problem" came back in unison " it'll be just like old times!" 

Gail arrived about 4:30 to help with the food preparation. She was a wiz in the kitchen as well and we made light work of it. Around 6:30 Brandy, Norm, Miko and Bill arrived. It was almost as if they had planned to arrive together. Norm and Bill wore slacks and shorts and Miko and Brandy had on lose fitting dresses. When Brandy walked there was no question she was braless. I couldn't help but stare and neither cold Gail. When I looked up at her face, she had this smile on as if to say "down tiger - you get to play with them later!" I caught Gail also gazing not so innocently at the bulge in Bill's pants. It was like he had three pairs of socks in there.

I poured everyone pretty stiff drinks, made the introductions and kind of took a step back to see what would happen. The girls were chatting away as if they had all been friends for ages complete with giggles and sly looks at the guys. Gail was pounding down the booze pretty hard which told me where her head was. She was a little nervous and a lot excited about the prospects for the evening and didn't want any silly inhibitions to interfere. I noticed she was touching herself a lot. One time I saw Miko nudge Brandy after Gail had massaged her tits a little. They both smiled. Miko and Brandy just made sure her glass was never empty. It just made Gail that much less inhibited -- as if she needed a whole lot of encouragement anyway.

Needless to say the evening progressed extremely well -- the food was great and everyone was feeling pretty good -- especially Gail. It was Miko who broke the ice.

"I need a swim" she blurted out and walked out to the pool, stripped off her dress and dove in. I got my first glimpse at her terrific ass, incredible body and all over tan. Without so much as a flinch, Brandy rushed up, Gail in tow, and with much laughter and noise threw Gail in -- clothes and all. She undressed as well exposing another fully developed, tanned and toned body with upturned nipples, hourglass shape and a flat stomach ending in a fully shaved pussy. She dove in after her. The laughter and screeching was invitation enough for the guys to shuck their clothes and dive in too. By the time I got to the edge of the pool with the drinks, Brandy and Miko had successfully stripped Gail of her clothes and threw them on the diving board. The game was in full swing -- if you will excuse the expression.

There was a lot of action going on in the pool so I jumped in as well. Bill was sucking on Miko's tits and massaging them with some vigor. Miko was in a deep tongue duel with Norm and he seemed to really be enjoying it. Norm was behind Brandy and had reached around her and fondled her marvelous tits. She snuck one hand back and grabbed his dick and helped guide his dick into her waiting pussy. Norm smiled and slipped a hand lower to finger Brandy clit and she spread her legs as wide as she could to allow him free access for fingers and cock. 

I went over to Gail and kissed her deeply, something she returned with vigor and she immediately grabbed my dick. I gently lifted her on to the edge of the pool and spread her legs wide. I took full advantage of our relative positions and began fingering and licking her pussy aggressively. She threw her head back and groaned as her first small orgasm hit her. She was rapidly getting into the zone I wanted her to be in -- totally our of control sexual abandon. The cameras were all running and capturing everything on the patio and in the pool. This was really going to be hot!

I continued to work her pussy with tongue and fingers right through the first orgasm and as she had another I felt a small hand reach from behind and stroke my cock. It was Brandy getting in the action. I moved aside and let her start on Gail. Gail looked down, saw it was Miko and smiled. Brandy's tongue had found the space between Gail's labia that housed that very sensitive clit and I watched in amazement as Gail started souring toward another orgasm. In an amazing bit of cunnilingus Brandy had Gail cumming and squirting in no time. Miko had moved up on the pool edge and was kissing Gail's nipples and helping Brandy by working Gail's clit. Gail was squirting, and groaning and shaking from the size and amount of multiple orgasms she was having. I couldn't let it go without helping, My dick was so hard it felt like concrete.

I got up on the deck, turned Gail around, got between her legs and slammed my dick in to the hilt. She was so wet it was like a hot knife through butter. She opened her eyes, saw it was me, reached both arms around my neck and her legs around my waste and pulled me in. We just went at it like two animals in heat. She was thrusting up as hard as she could in synch with my pounding her pussy in long hard strokes. I knew she was close when she started shaking uncontrollably and screaming. She reached down, pulled me out of her pussy and jammed me into her ass. Then she came, and came and came. One right after another she squirted all over my stomach and it kept leaking out around her pussy walls. I couldn't hold it any longer and pulled out and came all over her face and tits. Brandy and Miko went to work immediately licking up my cum, kissing Gail and nibbling on her nipples. They were keeping her at her all time erotic high. At this point anything was possible. 

Gail was moaning now:

"More, I need more cock. Please more. Come fuck me. Someone fuck me! Anyone!"

Norm took my place and slid his dick in. Gail reached up and wrapped herself around him and pulled him to her. He started pumping her long and slow and she was getting ready for another massive orgasm. Surprisingly, he didn't last long and drove his cock home and grunted as he came in Gail. She wasn't quite there yet and beat his chest telling him to keep going. He did. staying hard as only porn stars seem to be able to do after cumming. He finished her off as she screamed along with her orgasm clutching jis body to her with arms and legs.

"Oh fuck I need it! I NEED IT! Fuck me fuck me fuck me now! Someone help me -- I need to be filled!"

Bill helped Norm off and slid between her legs. His massive hard dick was about the size of her arm. He was not going to let Gail come down from her stratospheric high without fucking her. Very slowly he lubricated it with her cum and pushed the head in. She opened her legs as wide as she could trying to accommodate his enormous dick by pulling her knees to her head.

"Go slow. But whatever you do, don't stop. I want that thing in me as far as I can take it! Fill me with that dick! Fuck me stupid!"

Bill began a slow in and out, each time going deeper and deeper. When he was all in she moaned.

"Oh my God, it feels so big and man does it feel good! Go for it. Fuck this slut as hard as you can. I want to feel totally used! Just fuck the shit out of me!"

With her legs spread I came around to Gail's head and laid my semi-erect dick on her lips. One hand came up and grabbed it pulling it into her mouth. There she was, my dick in her mouth giving the blowjob of the century, Bill's massive dick plowing her pussy and Norm fingering her clit. She was enjoying it so must she reached over and started to fondle Miko's tits. I lent a hand by pushing two fingers into Miko's pussy and worked her G spot. Not wanting to be left out, Brandy came around and sat on Norm's dick in a reverse cowgirl and started riding for all she was worth. 

In an amazing feat of timing we all seemed to cum at about the same time. There was cum everywhere. Miko's squirt hit Gail in the face, Bill dumped his cum in Gail, she was leaking hers and Bill's all over the deck, Brandy had cum all over Norm effectively washing his cum from her pussy, and Gail swallowed my load.

Just fucking amazing.

We all collapsed into a heap. Bill winked at me and whispered:

"She is such a fucking slut and a real natural! We are just getting started man and I can't wait for what comes next!"

To be continued...