 The Bosses wife

I had just started working for a small little publishing firm. Being a part-time writer myself, it was enjoyable work reading other writers manuscripts, all hopeful of getting their works printed in book form. It was a relatively small office too, something else that I quite liked as it was a fairly laid back and comfortable atmosphere. My job was basically to read the manuscripts, critique them and then pass on my recommendations to Larry Somers my boss, or on to his wife Christine who partnered the business with him. Based on their acceptance and approvals on those recommendations, the manuscript was then handed off to one of two editors we had on staff.

I guess about the only real downside to my job, was the fact that my office, if you even want to call it that, was located downstairs in what used to be a storage area. And though it had been remodeled and was certainly comfortable enough, there were no outside windows, hence given the name as the "Dungeon", where Rebecca, Brenda the two first class editors and myself worked. A small office staff, receptionist, and then Larry and Christine's offices were on the main floor, a well lit, somewhat extravagant looking area that was meant to impress our would be clients whenever they were invited in to begin the final spit and polish of their works prior to release or publication.

Almost from the onset, Rebecca, Brenda and I got along famously. Even to the point that only after a week after I had started there, we had flirted, teased one another and gotten a lot closer as a tight little group, especially working in the area together where we were. It was rare that anyone else came down stairs to bother us, usually an intercom invitation was all it took in summoning one of us upstairs to see the bosses or attend an approval or acceptance meeting held weekly on Mondays. And that was about the only time we ever saw Christine with the exception of Fridays when she spent most of the day running the office herself. Larry pretty much took a three day weekend, or spent the better part of the day outside the office wining and dining the new author's we'd signed on.

Rebecca was a tall (easily two inches taller than I at six feet) brunette with long dark hair she usually wore in a ponytail. She had an amazing chest which she didn't mind showing off, though she usually wore denim shirts or blouses that hinted at the fabulous cleavage she had without giving everything away. Amongst the three of us, Rebecca had worked there the longest, almost five years, and had been the one to share the "inside" poop as it where on some of the shenanigans she knew about Larry. He'd made a brief attempt to come onto her very early on, but she'd scoffed any advances, making it very clear to him that she had no intention of fooling around at the office, especially with his wife working there as well.

Brenda was nearly the opposite. Much shorter at barely over five feet, she had a pixyish face that was framed by a much shorter hairstyle. And though blonde, it wasn't all that unusual to see her come into work with streaks of red, pink, or blue highlighting in her hair. Much smaller breasted, she had little if any need for a bra, and very often didn't bother wearing one. Which made the sudden appearance of her twin hard pressed nubbins not all that unusual to see either as the "Dungeon" always tended to be on the cooler side from the rest of the office. For whatever reason, Rebecca seemed to enjoy pointing them out whenever they where, which had given me some reason to suspect that she was very possibly attracted to Brenda. It was evident they were close friends even away from work, very often going out to enjoy a drink, or even spending time together during the weekends. Whether there was anything actually sexual going on between them, I didn't know. But their playful banter during the course of the day certainly hinted at it at times, and very often left me mildly aroused because of it.

The bottom line for me was, I loved my job and enjoyed coming into work though in the short time I had been there, I still didn't know how to quite take Larry's wife Christine. Not that she wasn't friendly, she was. But when she wanted to appear business like, she was all that, and more. She did seem to enjoy directing the staff, particularly on Fridays when Larry wasn't around, though that was usually when a prospective author, client, or possible vendor had come into see her. Beyond that, she could joke, smile and laugh right along with everyone else, though she could change directions on you in a heartbeat which tended to keep everyone just a little weary of her, including myself. And Christine was a very attractive middle-aged woman too. She always dressed nicely, somewhat reserved perhaps in the way she did dress, but there was always a hint of a smoldering sultriness beneath her light brown shoulder length hair, green eyes, and full lips. And like Rebecca, she too had a rather nice looking pair of breasts, though she certainly didn't display her attributes quite as well as Rebecca very often did. Still, you knew they were there as she quite often sat behind her desk wearing a fairly lacy bra through what was most often a somewhat sheer blouse, always dawning her jacket however whenever she met with anyone, or on those rare occasions to come down to see one of us in the dungeon. I think she did that purposely in order to keep her own "head lights" from coming on as Brenda often referred to her own hard stiff nipples whenever hers did.

It was a Friday evening, I'd actually been invited earlier by Rebecca and Brenda to join them at a local nearby bar for an after work drink, unfortunately, this was one of those times when I had a bit of an unexpected deadline being given me to review and critique a particular manuscript. Normally, I was given plenty of time to do so and could plan my time around those I had to do. But this one, Larry had given me just the day before, and I'd been asked as a "personal" favor to him to give it a quick read and then get back to him on it as soon as possible. Though I hadn't personally met the author of it yet, I knew by the name she was female. Almost immediately after I'd begun reading it, I'd begun to wonder. Since I'd first started working there, this was one of the worst manuscripts I'd ever been given to read. I was having trouble enough even getting through it as it was written so poorly, just glad I wouldn't be the one to edit it, if in fact Larry decided to pursue doing it after my less than enthusiastic recommendation. At least he hadn't asked me to do anything more than honestly evaluate it, which is what I was seriously going to do. But the urgency of getting back to him on it, meant I'd be staying much later on Friday than I had initially planned on doing, not to mention turning down the invitation for a drink with my two sexy co-workers.

I was a little more than halfway through the manuscript when I stood, needing a stretch and something to drink, not to mention needing to take a pee before getting back to it. I glanced up at the clock on the wall and saw it was already nearing seven o'clock. I knew everyone else had no doubt already gone home for the weekend. But it wasn't the first time I'd been the last one to leave, or required to lock up either. Heading up the stairs to the main office and the restrooms, I noticed almost immediately that there was still light coming from beneath the door in Christine's office as well as through her windows, though her blinds had been drawn shut.

She and Larry both had windows facing into the main working area, allowing them to monitor the daily operations, though very often when either one of them entertained a client, vendor or potential author they would close them giving them a bit more privacy. So it wasn't so odd to see them closed as I passed by headed towards the bathrooms so much, as it was to see them closed, knowing Christine was still here this late in the day. I wasn't aware she would be for one, but I also couldn't imagine her meeting anyone after business hours either since I'd never seen her do that before. Still being relatively new here however, I then decided there was always a first time for that, though I was also now curious as to whom she might be visiting with in her office. Quietly, I approached, not at all intending to knock or certainly let her know I was even there. But I was curious. And though the blinds to her windows had been closed, it was still easy enough to stand off to one side and peer in. When I did, I was totally unprepared for what I had expected to see.

Christine was actually lying down on the nice-sized, comfortable looking couch in her office. Again, not something I would normally consider too unusual for her to do, had it not been for the fact, she was partially undressed! And even then, it took a moment longer for me to realize what was going on. She still wore her once again fairly sheer white blouse, but it was unbuttoned completely, one hand obviously having slipped inside the confines of a delicate looking white lacy bra. She held a book in her other hand, and was obviously reading it. I noticed that it was one that had been recently published, and one I had rather enjoyed reading as it was fairly steamy with several very erotic short stories having been compiled into one book. Interesting enough to see Christine reading it, obviously fondling her breast as she did, but she had also removed the skirt she'd been wearing earlier, now folded over the back of her chair, her legs spread, though I couldn't see anything. I stood there for a moment longer until she released her breast, that same hand suddenly traveling down between her legs. And though as decadently erotic as this was, seeing Christine obviously masturbating, the last thing I wanted to happen was to be caught watching her doing so.

As quiet as a mouse, I backed away from her curtained window and crept down the hallway towards the bathrooms. I had felt the beginning of an erection from having stood there secretly watching her, but even that hadn't taken away the urge I'd had earlier of needing to pee, I still did.

I stood in the men's room at the urinal for several minutes finally willing my prick to grow flaccid enough to pee, which I finally did, though it managed to still stay somewhat erect as I did so. Finally finishing, I flushed...and then stood there listening to the sounds of the water running through the pipes in the building.

Normally during the day, it would have very possibly gone unnoticed, especially as up until this very moment, I hadn't noticed it myself. Now, it was obvious to me as quiet as the office was, it was in fact very noticeable. I couldn't help but wonder if Christine had heard it as I crossed over towards the sink and stood there washing my hands. I waited a moment or two more, and then opened the door and walked out. Sure enough, Christine stood in the middle of the main office waiting for me as I emerged. She'd obviously gotten redressed, though there was perhaps one more button still undone on her blouse than what might have normally been done up during the day. But regardless of that, there was no telltale signs of her being nearly undressed the first time I had actually seen her.

"David! I had no idea you were still here!" She stated as I came out of the bathroom. "I thought everyone had gone home for the day already," she told me somewhat flustered and surprised that I was.

"Yeah, have a manuscript I need to finish reading for Larry before Monday," I informed her, wondering if I should have even mentioned that by the curious expression on her face. Overtime wasn't exactly something that was needed or required around here very often, so to be working late the way I was, obviously had raised a few curious questions.

"What is it?" She asked inquisitively. Once again, I found myself feeling fairly uncomfortable, but I wasn't about to hide anything from her either. Once Christine got that determined look in her eyes, there was no swaying her one way or the other.

"Well, it was meant to be an erotic work of some sort," I began. "Sort of like reading a personal diary with a story built around the telling of it. But to be perfectly honest, I'm having a great deal of trouble trying to get through it, it's really written fairly poorly."

Wanting to see it herself, Christine soon followed me back downstairs to the dungeon, leading me into my own office where the manuscript still sat on my desk where I'd left it. Picking it up, she crossed over to the much smaller couch I had and sat down, beginning to read.

She did so quietly for a moment, and then laughed out loud. "Oh my God! This is ridiculous," she said. "Listen to this! His prick reminded me of a baseball bat as it sat dangling between his legs. Seconds later, it had risen like a drawbridge over the moat of distance separating the two of us, wanting to connect itself to the fortress of my pleasure." Christine glanced up looking at me, laughing. "Who the hell would write something like this anyway?" she said flipping back the manuscript to have a look at the name on it. When she did, I saw another look, this time a somewhat disgusted one come into her face. "No wonder," she mused aloud. "Frankly, I'm not at all surprised. I hope he didn't ask you to stamp this approved if it wasn't any good," she asked me.

"No, he didn't!" I assured her, "And I have...as you can see, written several fairly negative comments down on my critique with regards to it too," I said pointing them out to her. She smiled at that, flipped open the manuscript once again and sat back down on the couch making herself comfortable. All I could do was sit down at my desk trying to do the same as she continued on, reading and flipping through it.

"This part isn't too bad," she said smiling, once again reading. "His lips then circled my hard swollen clitoris, his tongue lashing out at it repeatedly, driving me nearly insane as his hands now likewise pinched and tweaked the hard aroused nipples of my breasts driving me to distraction." Once again she looked up in my direction. "Ok, so maybe it really isn't," she laughed, though I now couldn't help but notice that Christine's nipples had suddenly appeared, pressing delicately, though quite noticeably against the sheer lacy material of her bra. Perhaps it was the noticeably different temperature change down here as opposed to upstairs in the main office which could account for that, but the fact Christine had obviously been pleasuring herself earlier in her office, made me wonder if she still wasn't a bit aroused from having been reading the book she had been when I first saw her.

"Always wondered," she said finally laying the manuscript down on the couch turning towards me though she continued to lie there. "We do tend to get quite a few romance, or erotic novels in here to read," she began. "Does reading these day in and day out arouse or excite you? Or do you tend to get so used to it that you don't really think about it, and actually just look at the written words as nothing more than being a part of the job?"

I couldn't help but notice that a fairly good portion of her soft breasts were now peeking out at me as she lay there on the couch, that single undone button just enough to reveal a bit more cleavage than I think Christine realized she was showing me. I quickly tore my eyes away from that however, not wanting her to realize I'd been looking at her.

"It depends on how well it's written," I suppose, I answered honestly. "Some stories are indeed erotic, or sensual, so it's a bit hard not to."

My choice of words made Christine laugh. "I'm sure," she said smiling. "Which is why I bet you stay pretty much sitting there at your desk whenever they are more sensual or erotic then huh?"

I didn't have a response to that, so I didn't, though awkwardly sharing a smile with her over her curiosity.

"And especially with two very attractive looking females working beside you in addition to that," she continued on. "There must be times when things can get a bit steamy working down here just because of that."

Once again I said nothing, still smiling awkwardly, though I did make some attempt at brushing off any suspicions she might have had with regards to that. "We keep things professional down here, I assure you," I offered back.

"Oh, I'm not saying you don't," Christine grinned, "but it doesn't change the simple, normal fact, that reading erotica all day, has to arouse you...doesn't it? I mean I have to read it very often myself, prior to signing off on approval, and it certainly does that to me, if it's well written enough. In fact...I was just upstairs reading through a book we've just recently published, something I think is in fact very well done, and very erotic. I don't mind admitting to you either, that it's left me aroused, and extremely horny!"

Stupefied, somewhat in a state of shock, Christine rolled off of the couch, the manuscript landing unceremoniously on the floor beside her. But I wasn't looking or worried about that. As she stood, her hands immediately came up to her blouse slowly undoing the remaining buttons as she stood there in front of me.

"Ah, Christine, Ms. Somers," I amended trying desperately to put this back on a professional level, but she laughed it off, removing her blouse so that she now stood there, her full firm breasts, though still confined within her sexy lace bra, stood peering out towards me.

"Don't be nervous," she half purred now walking over to actually sit down on the top of my desk as she reached around behind herself, unclasping the bra. I could only sit there tongue-tied as it slid down her arms, revealing two very lovely, very exquisite looking breasts. Her nipples looked like wonderfully ripe strawberries, dark pink, thick and deliciously erect. But as nice as they looked, as she looked, she was after all the bosses' wife. Which is when she said, "If you're worried about Larry, don't be. We rarely if ever, sleep together any more. He has his amusements," she said kicking the manuscript, which had fallen to the floor half way across the room, "and I...have mine."

With that she had stood, now unzipping the side of her skirt as it now fell to the floor. She wore what appeared to be thigh high stockings and the briefest of thongs. "Come here," she said wiggling her finger at me. Like a zombie, still totally unsure of where I stood in any of this, or if this was in fact a very wise career move on my part, I did. She motioned me to come around behind her as she leaned over the edge of my desk, wiggling her very exposed ass towards me seductively.

"Come on now David, show me. Do you have a nice hard baseball bat between your legs? Would you like to lower your own drawbridge and slip it inside my waiting moist dripping gate?"

I don't know about it being anywhere's near the size of a baseball bat, but it certainly felt as hard and as stiff as one as I walked around behind her. Not even taking my pants off, I simply unzipped, reached in and withdrew what was now a very hard stiff prick. Placing it at the opening of her cunt, I felt the seepage of her desire wet the tip as I stood there rubbing it and running it up and down that very slick furrow.

"Don't fucking stand there and just tease me," she said nearly spitting at me as she looked back over her shoulder towards me. "Shove it in...and fuck me!"

I'd heard the specifics in her tone of voice. Having worked with her, and for her, I knew without any doubt this wasn't one of those times for soft slow preliminaries. I did as she asked and thrust into her as hard and as deep as I possibly could all at once. As I did, she gasped, her deep-throated moan of delight telling me in an instant that that was exactly what she had wanted me to do.
