 In my 26 years of life I've worn many hats, and visited many places; from the ages of 18-24 I've had just about every job you don't need a college degree to hold, everything from bartending to pet sitting. Here are a few stories (some actually happened, and some could might definitely have happened if things had gone differently) from those times. 

*

When I was 18 my first real job was as a bouncer, I was (and am) a big guy 6ft 235 lbs of mostly muscle and a little padding (a little more padding now). It's always been hard to tell my ethnicity from just my looks, I get Italian, Spanish, Puerto Rican, Dominican (when I'm tanned), but I really have no idea what I am, my family has moved so many times throughout Europe and the Mediterranean we have no idea what we were or are, except that we are Jewish (Got the tattoo and the circumcision to prove it). 

I had gotten the job from a friend from the block, it was a college bar, and in NYC there wasn't too many of them as it's a huge city and providing alcohol to minors is a super serious offense, but the owner had a friend on the force (or so the rumor went) and students from the neighboring art/fashion college were allowed in if they had a student ID.

Now during this summer I was still going out with my high school girlfriend who I truly loved at the time, but working at a bar where every Thursday-Sunday morning was filled with young horny underage coeds was tough. At first I barely noticed anything, no I'm lying of course I noticed; I was 18 basically a virgin except for having been with three girls in high school, and here I was working the door at a bar, the power to let anyone in, or not. But I was faithful, I had girls hitting on me (both drunk and sober), easy accessibility of places to fuck, tons of liquor and confiscated drugs to play with, it was hard, but I was faithful, until one night when I got my fantasy I had always had fulfilled.

If you're from, or have ever lived in NYC and are around my age, you have never legally smoked in a bar, and in our bar you wouldn't have either, but we had a back room, not a porch or a yard, but a back room filled with cigarette, and marijuana smoke. Half the time guys would fuck chicks they had met at the bar in there, rather than in the unbelievably disgusting bathrooms (they tipped us well or they were people we knew) hell I even walked in on gang bangs and orgies going down in that room.

It was a Tuesday night, which was our slow night, I mean ever night except thurs-sat was slow after happy hour. The bar didn't really need a bouncer on those nights, but because they let in minors the owner liked to have one every night, I was fine with that as it was a 100 dollars in my pocket for working only 6-2. I had let the bartenders know I was going into the back for a cigarette before starting last call. The bar was nearly empty, a few die hards, a few kids from the college, a few groups still celebrating the Yankees win that night, and a few people playing darts, like I said it was a slow night. I dropped on to the backrooms bench and lit up a cigarette, I didn't smoke much but just standing on your feet for hours doing nothing really makes you crave one (or ten).

I heard a knock on the door.

"The back rooms locked during the week" I yelled as I stuck the cigarette back in my mouth. I heard giggling but thought nothing of it, the knocking started again. "The back room is not open" I yelled again getting mad, all the employees had keys so it had to be customer.

Again there was a knock on the door.

Stubbing out my cigarette unlocked the door and forcibly swung it open; to stare at two of the cutest little Asians I had ever seen. They were obviously intoxicated, as they couldn't contain their giggling, one was nearly on the floor tears streaming down her face "Ummm yes?" I asked as I continued to stare, I could feel my dick growing rock hard as I looked them up and down. While they were definitely not related, they both had the same look to them; short with long dark hair and big almost eyelash free slanted eyes, they had that real Lolita look, you know that naughty innocent look. Their bodies were nothing if not petite, slender tight frames, itty bitty titties, and tiny asses, the dream of every man who had ever contracted yellow fever.

"Hi, the bartender said you have cigarettes, and we smoke here, yes?" she said in that very sexy Japanese broken English accent.

I stuck my head out of the room and saw jasmine the bartender give me a wink and wave, she was always trying to corrupt me, and she had somehow found my weakness. I quickly nodded and let them in. "I'll be right back I need to just check on the bar" I said as I indicated my pack of cigarettes and lighter lying on the bench.

They nearly tackled me as they rushed for the cigarettes, and were puffing away before I left the room.

I could see Jasmine smiling as I walked over, "you like?" she asked with a wink.

I moved behind the bar and grabbed a bottle of Jameson and poured us both shots, "You know what you're doing to me right?" I asked as we threw the shots back. "Blue balls" I said and she nearly snorted out the Jameson she had just inhaled.

She poured us a double and started to make two long island ice teas, "Not if you do something about it." She said handing me the drinks. "You're a good kid, but you're lying to yourself if you don't want a taste, if you don't do anything tonight I promise I'll stop teasing you about your faithfulness to your girl" she handed me the drinks and started to yell last call to the near empty bar.

Shaking my head I carried the drinks to the back room, the girls were still smoking, one of the girls had lifted her leg up on to the others thighs dangling it in between her legs. "Drinks" I said as I showed the tray filled with alcohol. They squealed in delight and thanked me.

I lit up a cigarette, and we got to know each other their names were Miyu, and Sakuri, and they were from Japan, here to study fashion. They were freshmen who had come to the city early to explore, it was a little hard to understand each other as they spoke very broken English, while I spoke no Japanese passed how to say hello, and the numbers 1-10. We chatted about nothing really just finding out about each other, they had always wanted to come to NYC, they loved hamburgers, and baseball, I always wanted to go to Japan, loved sushi, and hated baseball(but am a huge Yankee fan). I could see they were tipsy, they weighed barely 100 pounds each. Miyu, the one who had her leg in between Sakuri's kept grinding it back and forth between them, I wish they had been wearing the school girl outfits like in the porn I watched, I could imagine just seeing a hint of their pussies right then. My dick had grown very hard, and I could feel a little pre-cum spill out, I quickly adjusted my seating posture, just in case it had stained through my jeans.

"Do you guys want to smoke? I asked them

"Yes, we smoke more" Sakuri said as she reached for the pack.

I grabbed her hand, it felt like velvet, like cream, like everything soft. "Yes, but do you want to smoke some weed? I could see that they didn't understand so I pulled out a baggie filled with purple tinted greens. Miyu started to bounce up and down clapping her hands, Sakuri on the other hand seemed a little unsure, but I rolled up the weed, sprinkling a little tobacco from one of the cigarettes in to make it last longer. Just as I was about to spark it jasmine popped her head in and said she was leaving, see what we were doing she asked if we could join. We passed it back and forth between the four of us, and when it was done I began to roll another. I could see Miyu was horny, her hand kept hovering above her pussy as if she wanted to rub it, her legs nearly gripping Sakuri's with force. I was about to spark up the spliff when a knock rang out through the room.

"That's my ride, can you lock up behind me" Jasmine asked as she quickly jumped up off the bench. I followed her back into the bar, and couldn't wait for her to leave; I knew I was losing tonight.

She turned around and stared at me "Enjoy yourself" She said as she gave me a kiss on the cheek, her lips slightly brushing the corners of my own, and unlocked the door, leaving me there stunned as I locked up. As I walked back to the room I grabbed a body of tequila, quickly taking a swing I open the door to see the two little Japanese girls locked in a heated conversation, Miyu's hand was now clearly rubbing the front of her pants right over her pussy.

I quickly lit up the spliff and walked in, holding out the bottle of tequila to Miyu, the grin on her face told of exactly what she wanted. She threw back a swig and passed it to Sakuri, who took a sip and put it on the bench.

"Have you ever had a shotti?" I asked them, both shook their heads, Miyu licking her lips seductively; I could feel her hands on my pants. I drew in close to them, inches from Miyu's face I reversed the spliff so the end was loosely in my mouth moving closer till our lips slightly touched I blew the smoke into her mouth. It was a little too much for her and she started to cough, Sakuri nearly fell off the bench laughing, and when Miyu stopped she started to slap her on her arms playfully, then pushed her towards me and indicated it was her turn. I could see she was nervous but excited, she was biting her lips, from the corner of my eye I could see Miyu taking a long swig of the tequila. I put my hand on her leg caressing the inner interior of her thigh, I could feel her respond by spreading her legs wider, the whole time staring into her friends big brown eyes, I smiled at her I could feel my confidence starting to fail, I knew I was in over my head, but I took the spliff in my mouth and brushed her lips with mine as I blew out deeply. She took it all in and held it, I stared transfixed as she held it in for 5, then 10, then 20 seconds, and finally she blew it out directly into my face, and immediately started to laugh. By now my hand had crept all the way up to where her thighs met and was rolling my thumb counter clockwise over her clit. Her left hand has seemingly crept up my leg and was trying to unzip me, her right hand was currently holding the bottle up to Sakuri's lips, who was spilling wore then she was drinking and it was staining the front of her tight white shirt. I saw the too look at each other their eyes a mix of inebriation and lust, the bottle fell from Miyu's hand as Sakuri grabbed her by the shoulder and pulled her in for a kiss. I couldn't move as I watched them kissing, Sakuri must have still had some tequila I her mouth as she sucked on Miyu's mouth as it streamed down the sides of their mouths, my dick was straining to be let out. I watched entrenched in their embrace until their lips parted, and they looked at me with hunger, and shy curiosity. I had thought Miyu to be the aggressive one, but it was Sakuri who hopped into my lap wrapping her arms around my neck as we locked lips our tongues exploring each other's mouths.

I could feel someone unzipping my pants as we kissed, too small hands were trying to unbutton my jeans, I deftly lifted my ass off the bench just enough to allow them to pull it down. Immediately my dick sprang to attention, giving Sakuri a light smack on the side of her ass which made her giggle in my mouth.

I stopped as I heard a gasp, Miyu was on her knees staring at my hard dick, at that moment I felt like the biggest man alive, I had never been very well endowed but we've all heard the stories of Asian guys small dicks, and I guessed to her mine was the biggest she had ever seen. Sakuri stopped trying to bit my lips and joined her friend on her knees to stare. 

If you've never stared down on an Asian girl, or girls, giving you a blowjob, you are missing out; it is one of the hottest things ever.

I nearly shot my load the moment Miyu's hands caressed my shaft, but thanks to the weed and the liquor I was able to calm myself down. They played with it for a few moments just stroking and teasing, sometimes kissing each other till I was crying for release. Then Miyu open her mouth and put the tip in, I could feel a little jet of cum shoot out, my ass cheeks clenched as I fought to control my orgasm. I watched as she opened her mouth and saw the little speck of cum on her tongue, she then stuck it into Sakuri's mouth and they kissed while she continued to stroke my ever throbbing dick.

It was too much I grabbed a fist full of her hair and pushed her back on to my dick. I could feel her tongue sliding up and down my shaft, I wanted to shove it all in but was scared to choke her. Sakuri on the other hand wasn't scared at all, she grabbed the back of Miyu's head and pushed her all the way down till she was gagging and pleading for air, it was too much and I started to cum all down her throat as she quickly back peddled so that it caught her in the face as well.

My dick quickly started to grow flaccid, and that seemed to sadden Sakuri, who hadn't gotten a taste yet, she quickly closed in on her friends cum splattered face and began to lick it up. I sat and watched them play as I grew hard again. 

The two caught up in their kissing and petting had moved onto the floor, Sakuri on top of Miyu, their hands exploring each other, I knelt down and began to pull at Sakuri's pants, whether she was drunk, high, or just in ecstasy she barely responded as I pulled off her pants and stuck my face in between her legs. My mouth breathing thru her panties, her sex was sweet to the smell, and I ripped off her panties using a combination of teeth and hands. The moment I got them off I dove right back in, my face so far in between her legs my mode nearly impaled her asshole. I could hear her gasp; her legs parted allowing me to stick my tongue further into to her sweet snatch. My dick was slowly growing hard again as I played tongue twister with her clit, my hands fingering Miyu through her jeans as the two continued to kiss.

My dick finally hard again I got up, grabbing Sakuri by the hips I slowly pushed in, I could feel her tightness gripping me shaft, trying to stop me from entering, I had never felt a pussy this tight before and slammed myself in, making her cry out in pain and pleasure, she looked back with me her eyes glazed over, she was drooling, Miyu sat up and I could see her tiny tits had been sucked on, small red bite marks covered her nipples and I could see her hand had slipped into her pants she began to pull off my shirt as I continued to thrust in and out of Sakuri, whose screams had now lowered to grunts as she thrust backwards trying to feel every inch.

I alternated kissing Miyu while thrusting into Sakuri, my hand caressing her ass. All of a sudden I felt my dick slide out of its warm home, and I heard Sakuri, saying something to Miyu in Japanese, and out of nowhere she smacked her, hard, I was stunned, as was Miyu, but then she smiled as she wiggled out of her jeans pulling down her panties as well to expose her bald pussy, she knelt so her ass was sticking up in the air while her face was nearly kissing the floor. I smiled as I stroked my still slick with Sakuri's juices dick and positioned myself to enter her tiny wet hole.

"No, other hole" Sakuri said as I was about to enter Miyu, I stared at her but she only grabbed my dick and pulled it towards her friends asshole. 

I was completely stunned, I had never done anal sex before I had tried to get my girlfriend to try it but she was adamantly against it. "No, it won't fit" I stammered.

She smiled and bent down and started to eat Miyu ass out, it was I wanted to shove it right in my hand went to Sakuri's ass rolling around it before entering her, her ass nearly swallowed my finger as I fingered it, I could hear Miyu moaning as Sakuri continued to go to town. It was too much; I pushed off Sakuri and slowly entered Miyu. I had thought her friends pussy was tight, but her asshole was like a wall, I kept having to pull out and then thrust back in hard, after five attempts I finally felt her walls give way and she screamed could fell her squirting but u didn't stop, within five thrusts I felt ready to blow I quickly pulled out just as I started to cum and jammed It into Sakuri's waiting mouth, as I pumped I could feel a mouth on my balls, and a hand exploring my ass, I bucked so hard that cum splattered her hair, and the wall of the back room.

Once I was done I slumped to the floor, watching as they licked each other dry, my dick refusing to move, I grasped around for the pack of cigarettes, I my hands finally found them I lit one and watched the show till the two seemed satisfied with their handiwork, and cuddled into me as we passed the cigarette back and forth as we drifted into a lust sated nap.

This was just my first experience with the wild world of sex, and not my last with Miyu, and Sakuri.