 I was thinking about my sexy new friends, Jessica and Holly. I began thinking about the sex I had with them, and remembered what Holly had said to me, about joining her and Jessica for a threesome. I wondered if she meant it, or was she just leading me on? I thought about it and came to the conclusion that Holly would be up for it, and the fact that her and Jessica are in a sexual relationship. But would Jessica agree to it? She is very refined, but has a strong sexual appetite, as I found out when we had sex.

The only way to find out and get my questions answered was to come out straight and ask them both. I called up Holly first. I dialled her number and it went to voicemail. I left a message and asked Holly to call me back.

Should I call Jessica? or wait for Holly to speak to me? Thing was the more I was thinking about the two of them the more I wanted them both. I picked up the phone and called Jessica, I mean what would be the worst thing she could say?

"Hi Sugar, what a treat how are you doing?" Jessica answered.

"Jessica Darling I am real good, thanks, and how are you?" I replied.

"Yea I am real good, work is going real well at the moment, and by the way you still have not been to see me at the club yet, you are naughty." She said laughing.

"Yes I know I have not come down as yet, I have been busy etc."

"Hay don't worry yourself, I am only kidding, I mean it is not as though we can't see each other any time we want" She said.

"Well Jessica, that is a true point, and it is sort of one of the things I am calling you about. Have you spoken to Holly at all about where the three of us are gong?"

"Holly and me speak about lot's of things, and you have been a major subject, in fact you are lets say are top of our agenda's."

"Oh wow Jessica, agenda's, what type of agenda's?" I asked.

"Our sex life agenda's silly, the short time we have spent together we have really enjoyed, and we are hoping what has happened between us is not a one off." She explained.

"No way Jessica, on my part that will never happen, I know how open your lives are, and I am cool with that, but are you both cool with me, should I sleep with another woman?" (Why did I ask that question? I said to myself.)

"Well of course we do not mind, I mean Holly and me, we sleep with others as well as with each other so why can't you do the same?" Good point Jessica I thought to myself.

I needed to get the Threesome question in, it can't be that bad a thing to ask, being as all we have spoken about so far is sex! Something was stopping me though, it is Jessica, she does not seem to be the type of Lady I can ask a question like that too.

We carried on chatting, and Jessica mentioned about our evening together, and how much she loved it,and complemented me on being a true Gent towards her. I could not take it any more, hearing her voice, her in that tight short Red dress on our date, our sex, I was spell bound, so I went for it.

"Well Jessica when I was with Holly, I mentioned to her how Gorgeous you are, and well... she mentioned about a er a... Threesome." I did it, the question has been fired. There was a brief silence, then came Jessica's reply.

"Oh yes, she has spoken to me about it, and well let me put it this way, I shag her, she shag's me, we shag you, You shag us, so why not?"

"Fuck me." I said to myself.

"Oh right, that is a pretty to the point answer Darling, I have tried to call Holly to see if she meant it when she said it, but her phone went to voicemail.

"Listen Darling, when Holly mentions something, or wants something, she will always get it, she does not play games, you know what she is like."

"I sure do Jessica" I replied laughing.

Jessica suggested we meet at Holly's club, one evening in the week, and we would organise it.

A few day's went past, with no updates from either of the girls, so I gave Holly a call, and gratefully she answered her phone straight away.

"Hay Sugar how you doing?" she answered.

"Holly I am real good, and it is good to hear you." I replied.

"And it is good to hear from you too, I know it has been a while, I have just been real busy. But I have been chatting with Jessie about you quite a lot, and Jessie told me all about your date, and what you got up to with her, she is hot stuff isn't she?" 

"Well yes indeed Holly she sure is, I could not keep my hands off her!"

"I know the feeling Sugar, I am like that all the time with her. Now then I think I know why you are calling... let me guess... is it by chance about meeting up with Jessie and me?"

"Well I did call to see how you were, as I have not spoken to you for a while, but, well yes, it is about meeting up with the two of you." I replied in a slightly shy voice.

"Yes Jessie told me you spoke to her about it, and when I mentioned it that night to you, I meant every word of it." Holly replied.

"OK Darling, Jessica suggested we meet at some point at your club, what do you say?"

"Yes of course, that will be cool, I know Jessica is free tomorrow afternoon, and the club is quiet, and I am not on start there till the evening, so pop in if you can around 2pm, how does that sound?"

"That will be great Holly I will be there." I replied.

"That's great, and settled, I can't wait to see you Sugar."

With that we chatted a bit more then said our goodbyes, I put the phone down and made myself a drink, and sat and day dreamed about the two of them. I really knew it was going to be wild, and hot stuff whatever we were going to get up to, the only question I said to myself was... how long would I have to wait?

I really needed to find something to do, as they were taking over my every thought, and the thought of them together, began to arouse me big time. So I got stuck into some work that I had, that was a bit overdue, and it just about did the job.

The following morning, dragged on and on, I was so impatient, I had lust running through my body like crazy, I managed to do nothing all morning except think about Jessica and Holly, it felt like they had possessed me, taking over my life, they are my addiction, and I needed my hit badly! I needed a distraction.

So I jumped on Holly's Escort agency website and had a look at the other Escorts on there, not really the best thing to do when your feeling randy as hell, but it took my mind off them for a while not that I wanted to, but like I said they were taking over my every thought.

While looking I came across a Escort named Candy, Candy was gorgeous! African and Thai mix, she had a great figure, very slim and 34D tits, and thick sexy Ebony lips, I checked out her profile, and reading that she was very open minded and pretty much up for anything, this got my pulses racing again.

I left the computer as it was time to start getting ready to go to the club, I jumped in the shower, got dressed, and it was time to leave. I jumped in my car and off I went, a twenty minute drive felt like hours, the thought of who was waiting for me began to make me hard, that seriously needed to drop back down, so I thought about other stuff.

I got to the club, parked up and got out, slammed the door, and walked up to the entrance, my throbbing in my cock was still there, screaming for those Girls to be around it. "Control yourself" I said to myself, I really had no idea how I was going to be when I caught my eyes onto them both. 

I walked in, and into the bar area, looking for them urgently, and there they were, sitting on the leather sofa, Jessica with her leg crossed over, and Holly resting on her thigh, legs bent, with her hand on her ankle.

I went straight over, Jessica was wearing a tight black pencil skirt and blue silk shirt, and black stockings, with black stilettos. Holly had a light blue tight tube dress with white stockings, the stocking tops visible. They both got up off the sofa, and welcomed me with two lovely kisses, none of this kiss on the cheeks, but straight onto my lips. 

"Well sugar you are looking good today." Holly complimented.

"Well thanks Holly and may I say how gorgeous you both are looking." I replied, with my attention mainly on Jessica and she looked at me with those eyes of hers, I could have fell to the floor.

"Let me get some drinks and I will be right back."

I went over to the bar to compose myself, and I could hear them laughing, I took a quick peep at them and Jessica was playing with Holly's hair, and Holly had her hand on Jessica's thigh.

The first thing that came into my head was, that I hope I don't have to wait to long to have them both. I returned with the drinks, and Holly moved over a touch and encouraged me to sit in the middle of them.

We began chatting about the normal stuff, work etc., but my mind was just else where, I kept looking at Jessica's legs, and sneaky glimpses of Holly's nipples poking through her dress.

"Holly I need to ask you about someone I noticed on your work website, her name is Candy."

"Oh little Candy... well yes, Sugar she works here too, why do you ask?" Holly questioned.

"Nothing I was just interested in what she was like." I replied.

Jessica then got into the conversation, "Well Baby you tired of me already?"

What a daft question, and well maybe it was the wrong time to have mentioned Candy.

"Tired of you Jessica? you must be kidding... you are kidding right?" I questioned.

"Of course I am Baby, you and me are all good." Jessica replied in a care free tone.

"Oh lovers what about little old me, you both don't like me anymore?" joked Holly.

We both looked at her and with that we all burst into laughter, we all knew why we were there, and we all knew we wanted each other badly, then came the conversation.

"So Sugar, what do want us to do to you?" Holly questioned in her to the point voice.

"Well Holly like where and when?" I said.

"Holly I think our man is gagging for us both." Jessica said, resting her hand on my leg just under my groin area.

"I think you are right there Jessie, I think he wants us bad, is that right Sugar?" Holly asked.

"Well... you both got me there girls, yes I want you both bad, I want you both to do me good!" I replied. My answer did not really come out right, but two Girls like these two, looking good and smelling good, either side of me, well there was only one way it could have come out.

"Well Sugar there is no time like the present, so what I suggest is we take our drinks and go up to the office and discuss it further, we won't be disturbed."

"Oh fuck." I said to myself, I had this wonderful suspicion they had hatched a plan all along.

"OK sure, lead the way Lady." I replied.

We walked round the back of the bar and up some stairs, Holly holding Jessica by the hand, led the way, I stayed behind them, watching their butt's, looking at their stockinged legs and heel's. We walked down a fairly long corridor, I could see why Holly said we would not be disturbed.

Finally we got to the office door, Holly opened it, but I let them walk in first. They stood at a large desk, I closed the door and walked over to them, I stood in-between them, Jessica on my right and Holly on my left.

"Well Ladies here we are."

"We sure are Sugar." Holly replied.

"So ladies, what is the plan? shall we sit and discuss?" I questioned.

"Discuss?... hay Sugar we are here now, and you want to fuck us now?" Holly replied.

I turned and kissed her, Holly then reached over and took Jessica's right tit in her hand, and rubbed it, while continuing to kiss me. I turned and took Jessica's tongue into my mouth, Holly continued on Jessica's tit, and my hand massaged Holly's butt.

Her ass is so firm and tight, the feel of it through her tight dress, wow! Jessica pulled away from my mouth and leant over and then took Holly's tongue, their kissing was so hot, and it was going on right in front of my face.

They carried on and I began to undo Jessica's shirt buttons, while Holly worked on mine. I opened Jessica's shirt just enough so I could get to her tits, and pulled her shirt away to the sides, meantime, Jessica had pulled the top of Holly's dress off her tits as well, and was massaging her left tit, while still kissing her.

I went down onto Jessica's nipple, and lifting her tit upwards began to suck, and lick her, Holly then joined in.

"Oh fuck you two... Hmm mm so good!" Jessica murmured in pleasure.

I left Holly to it, and took Jessica's mouth again, our Tongues dancing around each other, with the sound of Jessica's breathing becoming more rapid, she began to undo my trousers, and opened them up fully and slid her hand into them and found my cock.

She began stroking me slowly up and down while continuing our hot kiss, and Holly on Jessica's tits. I lifted Holly's dress up over her butt, and began to stroke it, moving slowly down in between her legs. She came up from Jessica and kissed me as I then slowly removed my shirt.

I turned to her and began kissing her tits Jessica removed her hand from my cock, and began undoing the rest of her buttons, and removed her shirt. I turned and took her tits with my mouth again, my hand still behind Holly had found her pussy, and I managed to begin to massage her, not fully as the reach was quite limited, but she felt good already. Holly removed herself and went behind me, her hands stroking my front and kissing my back.

"Jessie suck him baby... suck him." She whispered to Jessica.

Jessica squatted down onto her heels, and began to lick me, working her tongue upwards to my tip, she began sucking it, fuck her thick lips felt good, she then took some more, then the whole lot into the back of her mouth, the motion of her head, the feel of her lips sliding up and down on me made me begin to pump into her slowly, She pushed me into her fully with her hands round on my ass, as one then went free and found Holly's pussy. Holly's kissing of my back became more rampant as Jessica continued to tease her pussy.

"Mmmm Jessie yes girl mmmm." Holly sighed in my ear.

Jessica then came off me, and stood up, and kissed me, took my hand and went to the desk.

"Come on Baby it's your turn, do me like you did before." she ordered,

and rested her butt against the edge of the desk, arms stretched back and her hands gripping the opposite edge of the desk. Jessica opened her legs, her skirt now over her hips. I went over and knelt down, and began to tease her clit with my tongue, her pussy moving backwards and forwards, teasing my tongue to fuck her.

Holly walked behind the desk and took Jessica's tits from behind cupping them and lifting them together moving them up to Jessica's mouth. Jessica began to take her nipples, as she massaged her pussy on my mouth. I began to take her pussy harder, as I felt her stockinged leg over my shoulder.

"Yes Baby take me!... ooh fuck yes!" she purred.

Jessica pulled Holly forwards to her mouth and they began kissing again, and Jessica found Holly's pussy again with her hand and began to finger her in and out.

"Oh fuck Jessie!! fuck Girl yes! fuck me! Oh yes!"

We carried on like this for a bit, me down on Jessica, Jessica taking Holly with her finger, and Holly with her tongue in Jessica's mouth, and rubbing Jessica's tits. Holly then stopped, and laid on the desk on her back with her head towards me. I came up from Jessica kissing her tits, then her mouth.

"Fuck my mouth Sugar!" Holly said.

I teased her with my cock, just keeping it from reach, as she rubbed her tits, stretching her neck, trying to grab me with her mouth, I then gave it to her, in this position she felt so good, fucking me with her mouth.

Jessica leaned over and slid her tongue back into my mouth, she then began to finger herself as I grabbed her left tit. I began to fuck Holly's mouth, the temptation was to great, her hands became more rampant on her tits.

Jessica then climbed onto the desk and with her back to me lifted her leg over Holly's chest. Holly carried on sucking me as Jessica reached forward and continued with her finger on Holly. While I still pumped away into Holly's mouth.

I stretched my arms around and took Jessica's tits. I leant forward the best I could and began to kiss her back. I could not take it any more I needed to fuck Jessica badly, I pulled out of Holly's mouth, and positioned Jessica,

Who then went down on Holly, and I placed my cock against her hot pussy and took her.

"Ahhhh... yes Baby! yes! so good Baby! oh fuck yes!" Jessica lustfully moaned as she lifted herself up from Holly's pussy, and then back down again.

"You like that? you like the feel Honey?" I questioned as I quickened my fuck into Jessica.

"Oh fuck yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!" Jessica replied,

I then felt Holly's mouth against us, I came out of Jessica and placed my cock to Holly's mouth, she grabbed hold of it and took it again, Jessica went back down on Holly still in a 69. I wrenched Jessica up just enough so I could take her from behind with my mouth.

"Oh fuck Holly!... " I mumbled into Jessica's pussy as Holly continued to suck me.

"Sugar fuck me now! I want your fuck!" Holly pleaded as she left my cock. 

We changed position, and I sat in Holly's bosses leather chair and pulled Holly towards me, she turned her back, to me, and lowered herself onto me. I immediately began to pump hard into her.

"Oh yes Sugar! fuck me hard! oh fuck yes! yes!... don't stop! fucking don't stop!"

Jessica came in front of Holly and Holly took Jessica s tits with her mouth, and began to fuck Jessica with her finger.

"Fuck Baby oh fuck yes! Jessica said as she grabbed Holly's hand and increased Holly's stroke.

Holly then put her feet up onto my knees, I pushed into her harder giving her the full length of my cock. Jessica went down and gave us both her lips as Holly fell back and I grabbed her tits and rubbed them from behind.

"Awwww fuck!... awwww fuck! Sugar fuck yes! rub those tits! oh fuck! yes! harder! yes! oh fuck yes!"

"Oh Jessie yes! mmmm... mmmm... oh fuck so good Girl... so good!" Holly screamed out.

I pulled myself out for a second and Jessica took me in her mouth, then rammed me back into Holly. Holly's tightness made me feel like I was going to cum in her, but I didn't want to not just yet. I fucked her for a little bit longer and pulled out.

I then laid myself on the desk, and Jessica climbed on and lowered her wet pussy down onto my up right cock, and began to ride me, Holly joined us and sat on my mouth, facing Jessica and I took her with my mouth, the pair of them kissing as Jessica got fucked and Holly got my tongue in her.

"Awww fuck, you feel so good, awww fuck yes! let me fucking ride you! oh shit! oh fuck! yes!" Jessica responded.

"Sugar keep fucking me with your tongue... yes! in and out oh fucking hell yes!" Holly replied.

Jessica began to quicken, and rose up onto her heels, and slid herself up and down, Holly still on my face, began to cum... "Keep it there Sugar, I'm cumin!... oh fuck I'm cumin! Jessie cum with me... Sugar fuck her harder, make her cum" 

Holly began to cum in my mouth, I pumped Jessica harder as she rode me, and she began to cum, the sound of them both cumin nearly made me explode into Jessica.

They slowed their pace as they came down from their orgasm's.

"Holly let me fuck you from behind!" I said.

With that we all got off the desk, and Holly bent herself over the chair and I took her, Jessica then climbed on top of Holly and was resting her front on Holly's back.

"Don't forget me!" she said in her sexy husky and lusty voice.

I fucked Holly then took Jessica, fucking her hard, then pulled out and took Holly again. I was loving this, I had fantasised about this for so long, and now to finally have them both, and like this, well!

"Oh fucking shit Sugar, oh fuck yes!" Holly screamed out, "fuck me" Jessica retaliated

.

Back into Jessica I went, a two pussy treat, I wanted to now cum and hard, I took Holly again, pumping her tight pussy, her pussy is so good to fuck, the tightness is mind blowing.
