 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you have not read it yet, The Boss' Wife is a prequel to this story.

If I'd known Jamie was going to be at the Christmas party, I might have tried to get out of helping to set it up and would have missed out entirely on fucking the boss' wife before the party. Jamie was the former head of the office social committee and had apparently stayed friendly with the boss and his wife even though she'd left the company. Damn, did she look fucking fine when she walked in the door, too. I wondered if she felt more comfortable showing off her boobs now that the rest of the people at the party were not her coworkers anymore because she had those babies right out there on display. Her ass was looking pretty fine, too, in the slinky red dress she was wearing. If I didn't get another opportunity to fuck Kim that night, I knew I'd probably be thinking about both of them with my cock in my hand before I fell asleep.

As she'd planned, Kim was making sure that Mark had plenty to drink so that he'd be out as soon as the party was over and we'd be able to play again. I was kind of surprised as things wound down that Jamie stuck around, too, and hoped that wouldn't mess up Kim's plan. I didn't even notice when Kim finally snuck Mark off to bed, which was probably good given that there were still a few of his employees lingering about. It wasn't long, however, before Kim, Jamie and I were the only ones left cleaning things up and talking about what a success the party had been. I wasn't worried by then about getting to fuck Kim again because she'd done exactly what she'd said she was going to with Mark, but I wasn't sure if she had a plan for Jamie. As it turned out, she most certainly did.

"You know, we just got this new pool table in time for the party," Kim said as we were standing near the end of it, "There hasn't even been time to christen it. I believe that is about to change."

She stretched up to kiss me while groping my crotch, then turned to Jamie and, to my surprise, kissed her while fondling her tits. I think Jamie and I both had a look of sudden realization as Kim enlightened us as far as what was next.

"Jamie, sweetie," Kim was saying, "sit up here so I can eat your sweet young pussy while I'm getting fucked."

Jamie hopped up on the pool table, her tits jiggling nicely, then leaned back as Kim started to slide up the hem of her red dress, revealing that she was also wearing black stockings with a red and black garter belt. Once Jamie's skirt was around her waist, Kim raised her own skirt up as she bent forward and I saw for the first time that she was wearing a black thong over her garter belt. My cock was rock hard, so I started to slide Kim's thong down as she moved the crotch of Jamie's panties aside to reveal her trim, brown bush. I might have otherwise taken my time sliding Kim's panties off while kissing and fondling her ass or even licking her pussy, but I was very interested in seeing Kim go to work on Jamie's pussy, so I was quickly standing behind her again, fishing out my throbbing tool, as she was running her tongue over Jamie's slit while kicking her own thong panties aside.

Jamie was moaning and holding Kim's head with one hand while propping herself up on the other elbow and Kim let out a moan as I slipped my cock into her hot, slippery pussy. Holding her by the hips, I started to slowly fuck her as she was licking and fingering Jamie's pussy while holding Jamie's panties aside. I was really glad at this point that I hadn't tried to get out of helping to set up the party as I was now thinking that I'd also very likely have the opportunity to fuck Jamie as we continued to christen that new pool table. Watching Kim's pink tongue lapping at Jamie's clit while her finger slipped in and out of Jamie's pussy was so incredibly hot that my cock was about as rigid as it possibly could have been. I got the sense that Kim was aware of this, too, as she was pushing back against my incoming thrusts and continuing to moan.

My attention was drawn upward as Jamie started pulling down the top of her dress, revealing the red strapless bra beneath it, then pulled that down, as well, to expose her large, pink areolas and hard nipples. I didn't think I could be any more turned on, but I definitely was and started to fuck Kim even harder, reaching down to stroke her clit at the same time. Kim let out an even louder moan and appeared to attack Jamie's pussy with renewed zeal. Jamie moaned a bit louder as a result while caressing her own hard nipples and raising her hips toward Kim's face. I was wondering who was going to cum first but it looked like it was probably going to be both ladies before me, which was absolutely fine as far as I was concerned.

Jamie finally reclined completely on the pool table and brought both feet up onto the edge for leverage. As she pushed her ass up off the felt surface and her pussy into Kim's face, she had a hand on each of her succulent tits and was fondling and squeezing them. Her moans were growing louder, despite her efforts to keep them under control, even more so than Kim's, so it looked like Jamie was going to cum first. I could tell that, between my hard cock and my fingers on her clit, Kim was getting very close, as well, not only by the way her moans were also building but also by how her pussy was getting even wetter and more engorged. Fucking her felt absolutely incredible, but I was also looking forward to slipping into Jamie's hot pussy as soon as the two of them had cum.

Jamie did end up being first, freezing momentarily with her ass up off the table, then going completely limp as shivers passed through her body. Kim continued to eat her until she'd gone still, then raised her head and started to really force herself backwards, impaling herself on my thrusting tool. The harder and faster she pushed backwards, the closer she got to cumming, until she gasped loudly and I could feel her entire body shaking. I thrust a few more times before she pulled away from me and turned to stick her tongue in my mouth. I fondled her ass and she stroked my slippery cock before she turned her attention back to Jamie, still lying on the pool table.

"Interested in some fucking?" she asked and Jamie replied by nodding with a big smile on her face. She was still close to the edge of the table, but her panties had slid back over to partially obscure her trim brown bush. I had her raise her ass up as I slid off what also turned out to be a thong and was briefly disappointed that I hadn't had the opportunity to see it running up the middle of her sweet ass. After tossing it aside, I lowered my head to taste her scrumptious pussy a bit before fucking her then straightened up, pulled her ass up onto the bumper and guided my cock into her. I held her legs up over my arms as I slid the length of my shaft into her hot, snug pussy, letting out an involuntary moan as I realized just how incredible it felt. As soon as I got a nice rhythm going, however, I reached up to caress and fondle her luscious tits. They weren't huge, but they were bigger than Kim's and so young and firm. I worked her dress and bra down a bit further to make sure they were fully released and continued to run my hands over them while slowly sliding my cock in and out of her.

Kim, meanwhile, had climbed up onto the pool table and straddled Jamie's head with her skirt up around her waist, facing me. She reached down to stroke Jamie's clit as Jamie started to lick her pussy, causing Kim to moan and close her eyes briefly. When she reopened them, she leaned a bit closer to me so we could make out. I wouldn't have thought twenty-four hours earlier that I'd be making out with my boss' wife, much less fucking a hot former coworker while she was eating the boss' wife's pussy, which I had just slipped my cock out of, but I was enjoying every second of this unexpected bounty.

Kim and I made out until Jamie's pussy licking got to be too much for her and she had to pull away to express the pleasure that she was feeling. I was relishing the feel of Jamie's hot, and a bit tighter, pussy and was still fondling her tits, which I'd admired at work quite often, though they'd always been covered by tight sweaters or blouses. As much as I was enjoying myself, I still wanted to get my hands on her ass and my lips and tongue on her nipples at some point and hoped I'd get the opportunity before I headed for home the next day.

I had to lean back a little bit as Kim lowered her head, apparently to lick Jamie's clit while I continued to fuck her sweet pussy. They were both moaning more or less continuously but it was Kim who came first, raising her head briefly and gasping as her body shook. She moved off of Jamie's face once she'd finished cumming, and I had to release Jamie's tits briefly as Kim repositioned herself to continue licking Jamie's clit while I persisted with fucking her. Jamie was licking her fingers with her eyes closed as I watched Kim's tongue at work again when I wasn't admiring Jamie's tits.

When I sensed by the increased wetness in her pussy and the moaning that Jamie was getting extremely close, I fucked her harder and faster, though still with very long strokes. I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build, but was certain that she was still way ahead of me. Sure enough, Jamie let out a soft cry and I could feel her body quivering as she came. I continued to fuck her, enjoying the feel of her even wetter pussy, even as Kim raised her head, kissed Jamie then asked her if she thought they should suck my cock. When Jamie responded in the affirmative, I slipped my cock from her pussy as Kim helped her sit up.

They had me lie in the middle of the pool table, stripping my slacks and underwear completely off, then each leaned in from opposing sides and took turns sliding their hot mouths up and down my tool. Jamie's tits were still hanging out, so I reached for one of them, then went ahead and fondled Kim's through her dress and bra. Jamie had my cock by the base and was pumping it as she slid her lips up and down my shaft, then offered it over to Kim who did the same. Kim was caressing my balls and, when either one of them wasn't blowing me, they were often licking my balls. They both ended up moving up onto the table on their knees beside me and I was able to caress both of their asses alternately with their tits.

Their respective mouths were comparably hot and I was enjoying not only the feel of each one sliding up and down my tool, but the visual was an incredible turn on, as well. They were both enthusiastic, appearing to enjoy the act of sucking as much as I was enjoying having my throbbing cock sucked. They were doing a fantastic job of slowly building up my impending orgasm so that I could savor the pleasure and the experience.

"Let us know when you are close," Kim said as Jamie was sucking my cock, "Since you've already given me a mouthful of your cum, I want Jamie to get this one."

I gave her a thumbs-up and she took her next turn on my tool. When I was right on the verge, I let them know and Jamie focused her efforts and her talents while Kim continued to caress my balls. My cock swelled even more as my orgasm was imminent but Jamie kept going even as I exploded into her hot mouth. She swallowed my load and continued to suck my cock until I was completely spent.

"That was fun," Kim finally said after a few minutes of rest, "but we should probably get to bed; it's late. You two won't mind sharing the guest room, will you?"

Jamie and I smiled at each other then assured Kim that we'd get along just fine. Jamie pulled her bra and dress back up on the off chance that we ran into Mark on our way up to bed, but both she and Kim left their thong panties off. Once I had my underwear and pants back on, I picked up my shoes and, after one last look around for mess as well as evidence, we all headed upstairs. Kim came into the guest room with us to kiss us both goodnight, then headed down the hall to the master bedroom. On the way up, Jamie had grabbed a bag that she'd had downstairs and was soon unpacking toiletries. We shared the bathroom as we brushed our teeth and took care of our other ablutions, then she asked me to unzip her dress, which I did standing behind her as she was standing before the mirror. I helped her shimmy it over her hips and let it drop at her ankles, then looked at her reflection and found that I was rock hard again.

"My God, you are smoking hot," I pronounced as I admired her figure in her red strapless bra, red and black garter belt and black stockings. I placed my hands on her hips and started to kiss her neck as I pressed my throbbing tool against her ass. She reached back to caress the bulge in my briefs, the only thing I was wearing, as I slid my hands up to her tits again. I backed up slightly to unfasten her bra, watching her reflection intently as her breasts were exposed again. They were even more spectacular than I had imagined during all those years of admiring them at the office. I let her bra drop to the floor and cupped her tits, gently caressing her hard nipples as she closed her eyes and smiled.

I started kissing her neck again, then slid my hands down to her waist and reached for the hooks that held her garter belt together. I kissed my way down her back as I unfastened them and was soon on my knees, working her stockings down without even unhooking them. Once she'd stepped out of each one, I was kneeling there with her sweet ass right in my face, so I ran my hands over it, kissed it and nibbled it as she leaned forward on the counter. I briefly debated taking her from behind at that moment, but decided that we should make use of the nice bed that had been provided for us. Once I'd indulged my fascination with her ass, I stood and led her out of the bathroom.

We turned the bed down then I left my briefs on the floor as we climbed in from opposite sides. We knelt in the middle, making out and caressing each other until I suggested that she ride me. I lay on my back and she straddled me while I continued to admire her outstanding physique, still in awe that I was naked with her. She guided my tool to her hot, snug pussy as I fondled her tits again then lowered herself onto it, letting out a moan. She started out slowly, sitting straight upright as she bounced up and down on my tool, her pussy feeling absolutely heavenly. My hands didn't stay on her tits with her body now entirely naked and looming above me. As she rode my cock, I was exploring every square inch of her smooth skin that I could reach while enjoying the sensation of her hot pussy sliding up and down my shaft.

My attention was still mainly on her tits as they bounced before me, though I'd also glance up at the look of passion on her pretty face. My hands found their way around to squeeze her sweet ass after caressing her hips and thighs. She was in total control as she moved in whichever way felt best to her while she pursued another orgasm and I was just happily going along for the ride at that moment. As she rode me harder and started moaning, she gradually moved from sitting upright to leaning forward and supporting herself on her arms, which brought her succulent tits close to my face. As I continued to massage and squeeze her ass, I finally had the opportunity to lick and suck her hard nipples.

I also started to push up into her each time she came down on my cock, penetrating her sweet pussy as deeply as possible, which she seemed to enjoy. The longer she fucked me, the more slippery her pussy appeared to be getting, which made it feel even more incredible than it already did. Whether because of the alcohol I'd consumed or the numerous loads I'd already blown, I wasn't in any danger of cumming too soon, so I was able to enjoy Jamie riding me for however long she wanted to go. Her tits were bouncing wildly as she fucked me harder and faster, so I eventually stopped trying to lick and suck her nipples and instead just lay back and watched them bounce.

When she finally started to cum, she seemed to go into slow motion, still riding me but not nearly as quickly. Her entire body trembled and she let out a long, low moan so I couldn't help but feel pleased that I'd been able to get her to the point of feeling such pleasure. When she opened her eyes again and looked down at me, still appearing a bit dazed, she said that she wanted me on top now, so we switched positions. Before lowering myself over her, I took the opportunity to admire her body again, laid out before me with her legs splayed. I never thought I'd ever have the opportunity to see her naked, much less fuck her, so I was definitely savoring it.

She seemed amused by my attention, but I'm sure it wasn't the first time she'd experienced it so I appreciated her indulgence. I finally lowered myself over her and guided my tool back into her hot, slippery pussy. As soon as I started to slowly slip in and out of her, she was raising her hips to meet my incoming thrusts, making fucking her feel that much better. We started making out and I could feel the soft flesh of her tits below me, which gave me an idea that I planned to reserve for later. In the meantime, I relished the feel of her pussy and the slow build of my orgasm as I supported myself over her.

Despite how late it was and how much unexpected action I'd gotten over the past 12 hours or so, I still felt like I could fuck Jamie all night long. My body, eventually, decided otherwise, which was not all that surprising considering that I was fucking such a hot pussy. When I ultimately reached a point where I was near another orgasm, I lifted myself up off of Jamie and slipped my cock from her pussy. I moved up to straddle her and lay my cock between her sumptuous tits, which she then squeezed together around it as I gripped the headboard. I started to slowly fuck the soft, smooth flesh and immediately felt my orgasm continuing to build.

Jamie was watching my cock while my attention was, once again, focused on her tits. Fucking them felt amazing so, since I knew I wasn't good for much longer, I resolved to make sure I would have many more opportunities to be in this position, regardless of what that would require. My orgasm grew closer and closer the longer I spent sliding my throbbing tool between her soft, smooth tits and my breathing was starting to come in short gasps. The level of pleasure was incredible and it was almost with relief that I finally started to spurt onto her sternum. Jamie gasped as the first shot erupted and stuck out her tongue to try to catch some of my jism.

When I was finally spent, Jamie released my tool and set to work cleaning off her chest with her fingers and tongue. I lay beside her and pulled the covers partway up, then watched as she finished up. Once she was satisfied that she hadn't missed a drop, I turned off the lamp and we went to sleep.

I was so wiped out that, late the next morning when the sun was trying to peek through the blinds, I was still out when Kim apparently slipped in and reached under the covers on my side. By the time I awakened, from a pretty awesome dream, I realized that I actually was getting a blowjob and wasn't just dreaming about it. Kim had fondled me until I was hard enough, then stuck her head under the covers and started to blow me. Once I was awake enough, I flipped back the covers to watch, which awakened Jamie, who then watched raptly as well.
