 By this time in my life I should know that a night of drinking can lead to unforeseen consequences. Yeah, I know that, but then again calling alcohol "amnesia in a bottle" is a good description. Too many drinks led me on a totally unexpected adventure—one that has opened fantastic new doors.

I had met up with my girlfriend and her roommate after work on Friday. The summer heat made all of us thirsty and our local watering hole was buzzing when I entered. They had scored a table on the outdoor patio. The waitress took my order and in a flash I was holding a cold beer.

The three of us toasted and enjoyed our first relaxed moment of the weekend. Joyce, my girlfriend, said she and Devin wanted to go to the beach on Saturday. Devin had been Joyce's flatmate since before we started dating over a year ago. They had become great friends and I always enjoyed the three of us getting together. 

Devin was between boyfriends. Actually she was way between and sometimes moaned that she might never meet anyone. Joyce and I told her she would because she was attractive, smart, funny and a great person. Devin sloughed off our compliments and focused on her single status. She often said the biggest challenge was finding a man who could handle her.

Devin possesses all the qualities that Joyce and I described, but she also was extremely strong-willed. She easily dominated the guys she dated and after a while they opted to stop coming around. In her professional life, Devin managed the marketing and community relations department of a large hospital. She had three direct reports, a total of thirteen people in her area and was part of the senior management team. She was clearly an in-charge person.

Joyce was a nursing supervisor in the same hospital and told me that everyone respected Devin. She ran a tight ship and everyone in her department jumped when ordered. Joyce said that Devin did not earn the "bitch" name that some women administrators did, but that no one wanted to cross her, either. Devin was only thirty-two and commanded respect from both older and younger colleagues.

In her private life Devin demonstrated the same air of confidence and control. I could see where some men might be intimidated by her, though we got along fine. Early on in our relationship I did not hesitate to push back. Rather than leading to friction between us, it resulted in mutual respect. We both were self-reliant and secure in our abilities and bodies. 

After killing our third round, we decided to stay at the bar and have dinner. We agreed that our cars could remain parked and that Uber would get us home. I was planning to stay at Joyce's anyway. 

Over dinner our conversation drifted back to Devin's dating status.

"Am I expecting too much?" asked Devin as she poured the last of the bottle of chardonnay into her glass.

She took a sip and continued her thought. "All I want is a guy who isn't a wimp."

Joyce smiled and said, "Devin, you also want a guy taller than you, good looking, successful, well-read, super confident and knows his way around the bedroom."

Devin smiled and looked at me. "You mean just like Joshua."

Joyce just grinned, touched my arm and said, "Taken."

"Isn't that always the case," she said and raised her glass in a mock salute. "Unless you're into sharing."

Joyce patted my arm again. "I think that you should find someone of your own. It might be too much for poor Joshua." The girls laughed.

Devin looked around for our waitress, caught her eye and held up the empty wine bottle. I was already past my usual limit and thought more wine would push me over the line. I figured the girls were in the same state. Then again, it was Friday night so I relaxed.

After we each had full glasses in front of us, I asked Devin, "So are you talking about finding someone to be your equal or someone to dominate you?"

Joyce kicked my ankle thinking I had pushed it too far.

Devin thought about the question. "Dominate me how?"

"I don't know. Make all the decisions, tell you what to wear, or..." I let my voice trail off.

"Or?" Devin asked.

"Or, dominate you sexually," I said. 

"Okay, I think we've all had too much wine," said Joyce. "There's no need to answer that question, Devin."

"I don't mind," she said. "I doubt there is a guy around who could take control of me sexually. I'm the one in complete control."

"Never thought about ceding that control?" I asked. "Never considered if you'd like it if a man were giving the orders, making you do only what he wanted? Making you submit to his sexual desires and in so doing receive more than just physical satisfaction. Giving total control of your body for both pleasure and...discipline?"

Devin's cheeks reddened. She took a deep breath and then said, "Never going to happen, because that guy does not exist."

I smiled. "But you didn't answer the question. Would you want that? Would that turn you on? Would it fulfill a sexual fantasy?" 

"Enough already," said Joyce. "You two are sounding like something out of Fifty Shades. Let's order dessert."

Devin and I locked eyes. There was something there that neither of us wanted to acknowledge. I told myself to tread cautiously. As much as I sensed Devin was hinting she'd like to experience giving up control, I equally harbored a secret desire to control a woman sexually.

Our waitress appeared and before the women could order, I spoke. "I'll have the flan, and the ladies will split a Mousse au chocolat."

Devin started to say something, but I cut her off. "Plus, bring three cappuccinos."

The waitress nodded and left to place the order.

"What if I don't want mousse or a cappuccino?" asked Devin.

"Doesn't matter," I said. "I'm in charge."

Devin laughed and said, "In your dreams."

I thought that Devin might call the waitress back to change her order just to show me up, but she simply smiled. Again we exchanged a quick flash that suggested something smoldering.

After enjoying our desserts and cappuccinos, we settled up and called for a ride. The three of us squeezed in the back of the Subaru that pulled up to the restaurant. Devin ended up in the middle and her long legs barely could fit in the rear seat. Our thighs rubbed together as we rode to their apartment. No one said much along the way. We paid the driver and piled onto the curb. As Devin exited, her flowered skirt moved up exposing her leg up to her light blue panty.

She caught me looking. "Enjoy the view?" 

I told her I certainly did. The way she grinned I wondered if she flashed me on purpose. Joyce saw none of this exchange.

Inside, Joyce cranked the air conditioner while Devin headed to the kitchen. She returned with a chilled bottle of wine and three glasses.

"God, I don't know if I can handle any more," Joyce said.

"Oh, relax," Devin said. "We're not going anywhere and we can sleep late in the morning. I'm in the mood to have some fun."

As the a/c began to cool the room, we sat and enjoyed the wine.

"So," I said, "You think you'd like a man who could stand up to you?"

"God, we aren't back on that subject, are we?" asked Joyce.

"Just curious," I said.

"I don't mind," said Devin. She had kicked off her shoes and put her feet up on the coffee table. "I don't know if 'stand up' is exactly what I mean. Look I know I can be a bit intimidating. I'm as tall as most of the guys I know and taller than a few I've dated. I take no shit from anyone and I happened to think I'm right most of the time."

Joyce giggled and said, "Most of the time?"

"Yeah, okay, all the time," said Devin. "But that doesn't mean I want a man to be a wuss. I would appreciate a good set of balls."

"Well, Joshua has really nice balls," Joyce said and then clamped her hand over her mouth. "Oops, that totally slipped out. Way too much wine tonight."

We all laughed. 

"So, you mean you'd want some guy to tell you what to do?" I asked Devin.

"Maybe, but I've not met anyone who can make me believe that they have the willpower to follow through. If I push back, they cave. Just once I'd like to see what it would be like for a guy to really take charge. I'm not saying that women can't or shouldn't be strong, but it might be nice not to have to make every decision. That could be exciting—in a theoretical way. It's never going to happen."

"During sex, do you have to be on top?" I asked.

"Joshua!" cried Joyce.

"Yes, I prefer that position. It feels good," said Devin. I sensed she liked talking about sex.

"Percentage of blow jobs to pussy eating," I said. "Fifty-fifty?"

Joyce was about to say something again, but Devin cut her off. "I don't mind BJs, but he better eat me way more than I blow him." She smiled and sipped her wine.

"Ever peg a guy?"

"Do not answer that, Devin," said Joyce. 

"No, but I thought about it. Never met a guy who was confident enough to entertain the idea of me fucking his ass," Devin said.

"So, you are a control freak in the bedroom," I said.

"Maybe, and it's not always in the bedroom," Devin replied and winked at us.

"I've heard that some strong-willed people who have to be in charge all day let someone else take control, especially when it comes to sex. Is that something that appeals to you?" After saying this, I waited for a reaction from Devin.

Devin played with her wine glass and then took a big swallow. "To tell the truth, I don't know. I'm so used to being in charge that I'm not sure I could really give up control."

"Let's try it," I said.

"What?" Devin replied.

"Taking orders," I said.

"Are you serious?"

"Yes. Go to the kitchen and get me two of those chocolate chip cookies Joyce made."

"No way," laughed Devin. "I'm not your servant."

"See," I said. "You can't even do the simplest thing. There's no way you would ever give a man sexual control over you. You'll just have to be happy having lapdogs as boyfriends."

"Fuck you, Joshua," said Devin. "If I wanted to give up control, I could. I just so happen not to want to do it right now. Besides, you're not my boyfriend...although from what Joyce says you do know your way around the bedroom."

Joyce giggled and said Devin wasn't supposed to repeat that.

"Is it true?" Devin asked me.

"Why do you want me to show you?"

"Hey, guys, do I have to get a hose to cool you two down?" said Joyce.

"No," I answered. "Devin is all talk. She says she'd like to have a man show some balls, but she doesn't mean it."

"Really, Joshua!" She shook her head and continued, "Getting cookies is hardly giving you control. It's just talk, not fucking. If I met a man whom I believed could show me a strong will, then, yeah, I could give him control."

"You are so full of crap, Devin. You can't even get two cookies. How could you let a man control you sexually? Admit it that you are the biggest control freak in the world. Your favorite words to hear will always be, 'Yes, dear'."

"This is so stupid," she said. "If I get your dumb cookies, will you shut up?"

"Get the cookies," I said.

Devin looked at Joyce, who only could shrug.

"This is totally whacked," Devin said. She stood and marched into the kitchen.

She returned with a full plate of cookies and a smile. Slowly she tipped the plate and dumped all of them in my lap.

"Don't choke on them." She and Joyce laughed.

"You disobeyed me," I said. "Pick these up and put them back on the plate."

"Fuck you, Joshua. You wanted cookies and you got them."

"Pick them up, Devin, and put them on the plate." I locked eyes with her. The fire burned deeply and I held my gaze. I think she expected me to break contact or smile. I did neither as I held my eyes fixed to hers.

Finally, Devin looked at the pile of cookies in my lap. When her eyes lifted she saw that my expression had not changed.

"God, this is so stupid. Okay, I'll get the cookies so we can go to bed." She reached for my lap and started piling the cookies back on the plate. As she got to the last one, she grabbed my dick.

"Ooh, seems there's something besides cookies down here." She and Joyce laughed again. "Did you leave a stick of butter on that plate?"

She and Joyce cracked up.

"That was not what I told you to do. Now you will have to be punished."

"What?" Devin looked at me with total surprise. "Punished? Get a grip on reality, Joshua. I grabbed your dick. I'm sure you enjoyed it, too. No way am I going to be punished."

"I think five spanks would be appropriate," I said.

"Spanks!! You think I'm going to let you spank me? Not going to happen."

I grabbed her wrist and eased her toward me. "You had a direct order. You disobeyed it and then took liberties that were not called for. You deserve punishment."

I pulled her again and her legs now touched mine as I sat on the couch. 

"What? I'm supposed to lie over your knees. Get a fucking grip on reality, Joshua. This is ridiculous. Even if I did there is no way you have the nerve to spank me."

"Over my knees, now," I said. I tugged her wrist and Devin lost her balance. She fell forward and sprawled across my lap.

"Joshua, that's enough," called Joyce. "Let her go."

"She said she wanted someone to exert control," I replied. "That's what I'm doing."

"She never said she wanted to be humiliated or spanked," said Joyce. "This is going too far."

"All she has to do is to admit that I was right and that she could never, ever give up control." I tightened my grip on her arm. "Just admit that you were wrong and I'll let you up."

"Again, fuck you, Joshua. I still say you don't have the balls to spank me. Go ahead, I dare you."

I released her arm and put my hand in the small of her back, pinning her to my lap. With my other hand I reached down to grab the hem of her full skirt. I slowly started to raise it and Devin gasped.

In a second I pulled it up to expose her tight butt in blue bikini underwear. Her legs were tightly clenched and her cheeks looked tempting.

"Last chance," I said as I rested my palm on her rear. "Admit you can't allow me to have control and you can get up."

"Joshua," said Joyce, "this has gone too far. Let her go."

"It's up to her. She can get up any time she wants," I said and took my hand from her back to free her. I did keep my other hand resting lightly on her rear, moving over the material and feeling the contours of her rear. "It will just prove that she is all talk. I mean it Devin, you can get up at any time. You should only stay if you want to stay."

"I think you're the one who's all talk," said Devin as she looked up over her shoulder. "Go ahead if you have the balls."

Without hesitation, I raised my hand and brought it down hard on her right cheek.

"Fuck!" Devin screamed.

"You may get up at any time," I said again. The second slap was as hard as the first and settled on her left cheek.

"You're an asshole," Devin called out.

"Can't take it?" I asked. "Then just say stop and get up. I was right about you needing to be in control."

"Just get it over with. These don't even hurt. Guess you are a wimp, after all."

I smiled and brought my hand down as hard as I could. The sound of the slap echoed in my ear as I also heard a moan from Devin. She pushed her mound down against my thigh. I began to wonder if she were getting aroused. I know I was.

The next slap brought a louder moan and her mound wiggled back and forth. Her hip pushed into my erection and she moaned again. I also noticed her legs had moved apart slightly.

I rubbed her butt softly, feeling its contours in my palm along with the heat from her abused skin. I slipped one finger underneath the edge of her panty and ran it up and down the skin on her cheek. She pushed down making hard contact between my thigh and her mound.

"One more to go, Devin. Are you ready?"

She only nodded. 

"When I finish, you must thank me. Do you understand?"

This time a soft "Yes" escaped her lips.

I brought my hand down, capturing both cheeks as the slap sound filled the room. She grunted. 

I kept my hand on her butt, stroking it softly. Taking a deep breath, she said, "Thank you."

I pulled my hands away and she tried to stand. At first she fell back against my legs. I held her waist and supported her as she stood. As her skirt fell I noticed a dark spot on her panty where her thighs came together. 

"That was totally not called for, Joshua," Joyce said as she stood and put her arm around her friend.

"Just proving a point," I said. 

"A stupid point," said Joyce. "Are you okay, Devin?"

Devin's face was red and her breathing seemed shallow. She could not look me in the eye and only nodded to Joyce.

"I'm going to bed now," Devin said and left the room.

Joyce shot me a cold glance and went to her bedroom.

I figured she needed time to let her anger cool, so I cleaned up the living room as I let my erection subside. After using the bathroom, I knocked on her bedroom door.

There was no answer so I eased the door open. Joyce was sitting in bed looking at her laptop. I entered and stripped to my boxer shorts. As I debated whether to leave them on or remove them, Joyce said, "Has your friend gone away?"

"Huh?"

"Your fucking hard-on," she said, still not looking at me. "I saw it in your pants. You were turned on spanking Devin. What was that all about anyway?"

I slipped my underwear off and stood beside the bed. Finally Joyce looked at me. She eyed my dick that had thickened, but was not hard. She closed her lap-top and pulled down the sheet.

"God, it's a good thing I like your dick." I crawled in next to her.

We kissed and I slid my hand into her panties. She was wet.

"I think someone else got a charge out of the spanking," I said as I softly rubbed her.

"I was pissed... and turned on," she said as her breathing deepened. 

"I'm pretty sure Devin was, too," I said as my finger entered her canal.

"Fuck, I want you, Joshua."

I pulled her panties off as Joyce removed her tee shirt. Her full breasts looked flushed in the dim light, but I could clearly see her dark nipples were hard and extended. My eyes focused on the tuft of hair above her smooth pussy lips. In a moment, I had my head between her legs and was savoring the taste of her that always drove me wild. 

"No, honey, I need to be fucked-right now," she said.

I moved up and in one thrust entered her. 

"Yes," she moaned. "Don't hold back."

Forgoing our usual slow build up, I began pounding into Joyce. She responded by pushing her hips up and pulling on my ass. Her sounds increased along with my tempo. I knew I would not last long at this pace. In addition, I kept thinking about the feel of Devin's butt under my hand. 

"Can't hold it," I said.

"I'm ready," Joyce said and we reached out climax together. As the waves passed, I eased off of her. We lay side-by-side, our thighs touching and our bodies drenched with sweat.

"Fuck, that was good," Joyce said with a laugh.

"Absolutely," I agreed. I leaned over and kissed her cheek.

We stared at the ceiling as we let our heartbeats return to normal. I held her hand.

"So, did my spanking Devin turn you on?" I asked.

She hesitated and then rolled to face me.

"There are a lot of mixed feelings in my head right now," Joyce replied. "I was pissed that you were pushing Devin to submit. I was also pissed that you pulled her skirt up and fondled her butt."

I made contact with her eyes. My look encouraged her to continue.

"Seeing you control Devin was erotic. I mean she is always in control and having her let you take command was, I don't know, like something out of a hot Romance novel. Then looking at her butt as you spanked her did sorta get to me."

"You like her butt?" I asked.

"Well, tell me it is not like just about the best ass you've ever seen and you don't have to say you like mine better. I always thought that Devin has a perfect body and her ass makes me both envious and turned on."
