 "And then there's me, but I don't believe in such stupid taboos, anyway. And you have some dirt on me as well, don't you, at least by the same idiotic moral code that so many give at least lip service. I don't personally give a fuck. So, be that as it may, perhaps we should kiss ... and make up, eh?" Marsha told Howard and Kristin with a wink.

"Or maybe I can run and tell the press when I get back from this nice little break. I do have a shop to run," Nancy said breathlessly as my balls slapped against her flesh while we fucked a few more strokes ... her climax hitting her yet again before I unloaded in her ass.

"Yeah, I suppose that you can't do this all day, except your days off," I smiled as I wiped my dick clean, "Nice to know where you can go to unwind, though, isn't it?"

"True, but now we're in the same big raza, so perhaps we can all cover for each other now and then. Pool our time, money, and other resources, right? The Tribe, right? Sure you want to opt out, boys and girls?" Nancy snickered while getting dressed, my cum still leaking down her thighs, "Don't worry. I love to work smelling of sex ... and to have men's cum on my skin as I do it."

"I can't speak for them, but I know that I'd love to opt in myself," a busty, blonde MILF said as Martin came inside her and she bent over to offer me the same hole, "Katarina Vogel, at your service ... Master. That handsome man over there, getting it on with your sweet Candy ... that's Armin Vogel, my husband. We're originally from Berlin, East Berlin, actually, but haven't lived there for many years. This is thankfully a long way from the old DDR. I bet that Martin never told you that we're German, but we are.

"There is something else that you should know. We present ourselves in public as husband and wife, but we're actually father and daughter. Shhh ... don't tell a soul, will you? We've lived as a couple for many years, though ... and yes, we've fucked more times than I can count. Why do you think that we're so hip with the Bottom family traditions? Dad only got jealous for a time and then he got over it when Mrs. Ellis made it up to him."

"That she did, dear daughter ... in style," Armin admitted as he plundered Candy's delicious derriere.

While Nancy returned to work, I, of course, kept at fucking Katarina, much to her delight, even as Howard began screwing Marsha ... and Kristin seized the chance to taste Jan's twat at last. The bull dyke more than relished being eaten out by a puritanical Bible thumper, of course, a Southern Baptist, no less. It seemed that Kristin had even secrets than I thought.

"I'm game for the whole Tribe thing for sure," another voice spoke behind us.

I looked and saw Betty, who was not alone. Benny and Jenny were with her, too. They all had rather playful, impish looks on their faces as they looked at Howard and his latest partners. Benny licked lips without thinking of it, as Betty knelt to begin sucking him for a change ... the first time that she had done other than during her periods. Jenny, for her own self, started riding Lowell for the sheer hell of it now, while as she swapped spit with her husband ... and pointed to her tits.

"I'd say that these are now everyone's tits to suck. Wouldn't you agree? So are Betty's, I think. On the other hand, I don't think that you'll lack nipples in your mouth ... and mouths on your cock, either. Time to face facts. We've been inching, step by step, away from monogamy. Might as well make a clean break of it, dear. Oh, and I've invited Bruce and Bubba over to join us. How about it, sweet hubby? Ready to add our family to the Tribe, your wife, sister, and yourself to the train? Betty, please, be a dear and offer him your pussy already! Shall we dance?" Jenny urged her husband and his sister on to this wilder, free path of polyamory and incest, even as she welcomed Lowell's prick inside her.

Benny grinned a bit, shrugged, and kept fucking his own sister in front of us all, while Mark shoved his cock down her throat. That was all the answer we needed, even as I continued to pound Katarina ... as Carver reamed Kristin from behind ... while she kept eating Jan out. I could see in Jan's eyes that she was very tempted at times to go ahead and join the Tribe, even if it meant being fucked by men, just to get an easy supply of women ... Tempted, but just how tempted?

I could also that Evan and Ernesto had their own moments of wishing that they could tolerate sex with women enough to join the family ... was there any way for everyone to win? If there was, surely it would be best, I contemplated, even as I watched Aaron now probe Becca's cute slit ... and David use Consuela, while Jonathan let Miranda peg him.

"About this Tribe of yours ... I'm up for it, too," a voice behind me said as I kept fucking Katarina.

The woman in question started fondling my cheeks while speaking a soft, Southern accent. When she began fingering my asshole, I didn't resist at all ... I just let this local woman have her fun. She also took to biting my neck a little as she felt like it.

"I watched your fine, naked body last Saturday as you walked across the street. I've often envied the Bottoms their lifestyle, and now that Henry has left me for prison, why shouldn't I join them, especially given how sexy you are? I'm Moon Saunders. Yes, that's my actual name. Blame my parents, but especially my hippie mother. She wanted a name that would stick out among the Ellie Maes and Wanda Janes. Well, it definitely did. I'm one of your neighbors, and unlike some of the others, I'm brave enough to approach you at last.

"You should meet my sister, who's coming back into town. She is, and I shit you not, Sun Saunders. Long story on that. We're twins, by the way. Identical twins. She was going to live with me, but why shouldn't we just all live with you? I dig older guys and they dig me. Henry was twice my age, but he eventually tired of me and started going to Thailand. One day, he was arrested over there and they've never let him back out. Something to do with sex tourism or whatever. Selling ecstasy didn't help, either. He's rotting in some cell in Bangkok and good riddance to him! I bet that you're much nicer ... and better in bed.

"I get the bulk of his money while he's gone, divorce or not, and it's a good deal of cash, I promise you. I hope that he gets plenty of sex in prison, too. Might do him some good to learn what it's liked to be beaten and raped. Just don't forget to fuck me when you get the chance. Sun, too. She'll want it badly by now. Her divorce was a mess for her, much unlike mine," Moon told me, running her tongue slowly down to the crack of my ass as she spoke ... before she starting rimming me with a vengeance (she even bit my buns lightly a couple of times, grazing them with her teeth). I later learned that Sun had the same talents sexually, but that her devout Mormon husband just couldn't take her wanton ways ... she was dumped for a more proper LDS wife who could spend eternity with him.

"Okay, she's in," Marsha told me after Howard came inside her at last, "Jan's agreed to talk it over and see her way to some kind of compromise that will let us join the harem. I personally think that she just wants to try twins at last."

"Fine by me. We can talk it out over lunch, of course. What about you, Evan and Ernesto?" I asked the restaurateur and his partner.

"Us, too!" Evan spoke for them while Ernesto gave him thumbs-up and sucked his cock.

"Yeah, I'm going for it, too!" Kristin surprised us all.

"You are?" I asked her, incredulously, "What about hubby? What would he think?"

"Leonard would never go for it, but I'm tired of living a lie. He's a hypocrite, too. I've seen his porn stash and read his search history. At least I'm not into half the kinky stuff that he likes. And he's using funds from my own campaign to pay for strippers and a dominatrix now and then. He likes that kind of thing ... I'd be tempted to bring him along, but he betrayed me in ways that I can't easily forgive or forget.

"Maybe when he gets out of prison ... but he'd have to get his masochistic jollies from someone else in the Tribe, not me. I'm submissive as hell, though it's not stopping me from pressing charges for the theft.

"Oh, and tomorrow, I'm dropping out of the race and endorsing Marsha here. That way, she can enter the race with little opposition ... and she'll owe me a thing. Besides, with a scandal like this, how can I possibly win?" Kristin informed us after Carver shot his spunk into her.

"Oh, honey, you'll never regret that choice ... trust me," Marsha said, while Jan and she started kissing and licking Kristin all over her body.

"I don't think that anyone who joins the Tribe will regret it. Ever. It's the best thing to ever happen in my life," Erica swore to me as I began using Moon for my pleasure, taking her doggy-style.

Katarina, meanwhile, started licking Carver straight from Kristin's twat, much to everyone's delight, even as Nancy came back in and joined Erica in sucking my balls.

"Is anyone else thinking of a pool party for the neighborhood soon ... a good way to lure in more lovers, don't you agree. More converts for the Faith ... more members of the Tribe? Get the beer flowing and who knows what could happen?" I proposed, causing Sally and Kelly to start biting my ears as the orgy continued with delightful spontaneity.

"Master, that's the best idea ever ... I can't wait to see what happens. Talk about your drunken orgies!" my fiancee licked her lips as she spoke into my ear.

"I've closed up for the day early. People will just have to understand. Plenty of days to work, but only one to properly join a new family, form a new raza. Perhaps we can make our plans after we've fucked each other to exhaustion ... or maybe during. In the end, it's really up to George, anyway. He's the boss, right?" Nancy declared, enjoying my body as I kept using Moon's.

"How about we film this and make all of us famous? I've never been laid before today, but was desperate enough to finally try my luck here. I wouldn't mind turning into a porn star from a recent virgin. By the way, if you're with the Bottoms, you're my new neighbor, too. Devin Randall, guys. I wouldn't mind joining you, either. Just, please, try and understand ... I'm actually a guy under this sundress. Well, not really a guy. I'm a sissy ... and this is my stepmother's dress. I borrowed it from her. I just hope that she can forgive me that," a tall, slender, trembling person in high heels and a wig nervously announced.

"Devin? Oh, Devin, honey, is that MY dress you're wearing? Oh, God, I'm not even mad ... you're ravishing in it! Devin, sweetie, if you're going to be a sissy, so be it. Just understand that your father is not going to go so easy on you. You know what happened when he caught you wearing my skirt and blouse ... they were MY clothes and I didn't get nearly as pissed at you as he did. That's okay ... I'm about done with Mr. Douglas G. Randall, retired football star, anyway. If he thinks that he can keep me under lock and key, well ... you saw that I broke out!

"Folks, my husband isn't just jealous ... he's jealous, bigoted, narrow-minded, superstitious, controlling, abusive, arrogant, and a junkie. Oh, yes, he loves his cocaine! I don't know if he cheats, because I don't care enough to investigate. He probably doesn't, given his obsession with controlling me ... I don't see where he would have the time. I married him for more than his money ... I honestly loved him at first. I was faithful to him, too. Until today. How about it, kiddo? Want to fuck your stepmom? Or is it just men that you like that way? Nellie Lynne Randall, nee Wayne, by the way, folks. Can we join the Tribe, too? Even if I'm poor white trash. Trailer trash by birth, as they say," a platinum blonde whose pubic stubble belied her blondness, but whose figure was admittedly stunning in the nude, propositioned her son.

"Well, Dad's fucked me. You might as well, too. Yeah, I'm not a complete virgin that way. He shoves his dick in my mouth or ass when it pleases him. Not much lube, either. Says that I'm not a 'real man, ' so it doesn't count as gay. Ever since he got me wearing those clothes ... yeah, he's been using me for sex, making me his bitch. I liked it, but I didn't like how he treated me otherwise ... or you, Mom. Yeah, I think of you as my mother. You've been there for me for much of my life, after my old Mom ran off on him with his agent. You and Tiffany have been there for me," Devin told his mother in front of us, as he slid into her pussy from behind ... and another girl slipped in behind him ... this one had jet-black hair herself.

"Little brother, don't even say it ... if Mom is now your Mom, too, then you're my brother, not just my step-brother! And I'm going to have sex with you ... both of you! And we're joining the Tribe together. Oh, and Dad's fucked me, too. That is, Devin's father, Mom," Tiffany declared as she started to play with his ass, "I'm also having his baby. Sorry, Mom ... it's just that Dad found my weakness ... being told what to do. I think that Devin's not that different, either."

I chuckled as I started screwing Marjorie at last ... something told me that this upcoming party ... and this day ... and week would be very interesting indeed.

I had already fucked Marjorie, Allison, and Becca by the time we were ready for lunch, of course, and all three ladies were certainly worth my time. I was balls deep within Consuela, in fact, when we noticed how hungry we were and what time it was. I looked at Nancy as I came inside her daughter, rising to kiss both women on the mouth before getting dressed for now. I noticed with no small amusement that Jolene had been screwed forty ways to Sunday in her outfit, cum leaking down to her calves from under her dress. Then again, she had also fucked Erica, Patty, Kelly, and Nadine by the time the orgy was done.

"I'm no Superman and I'm definitely sore, so let's grab a bite. Time for a home-cooked meal. Oh, and Kristin, Nellie, call for your men. Let's have this out ... in the open. Aaron, I think that you've been deprogrammed quite a bit for one day ... but it wouldn't hurt you to help others confront their demons. That could be a major breakthrough for you, my friend. I want this whole matter resolved ... a major step toward consolidating our group. If this works out, Kristin, you might reconsider pressing criminal charges. Just a thought," I proposed.

"As long as he pays what he owes, sure. He stole campaign funds. It's going to cost him somehow," Kristin said, as Bruce and Bubba pulled out of her holes.

"By the way, Betty ... I've decided to try wading in the red stream after all," Howard told his girlfriend, who answered with a searing hot kiss.

"Should we invite Mom and Dad over, let them see what we do?" Benny asked me.

"Good idea. Best to have this out, too. Who knows what they'll do, but at least they'll grasp what we're about now," I smiled as we headed home, rushing to get there for some good times.

"Okay, so about this whole business of joining ... I know that I'm being greedy here. I was always greedy. I know that I insisted on fidelity in the past, to girlfriends, while pretending to be faithful myself and always cheating on them. I get that this was dishonest. I understand that I must have a give and take. I also know that this Tribe is important to join for other, sundry reasons ... To sum them up, though, I'm a survivor. This Tribe is, I think, vital to the future of humanity and civilization somehow. I don't know how I know, but I know it intuitively. I've wrestled, back and forth, on this. I've struggled with my selfishness, my greed, and my jealousy.

"Look, I'll be blunt here. I'm gay. I am completely, totally, unmistakably a lesbian. No doubt of it and not an inch of sexual attraction to men or males in any form. That being said, asexuals sometimes have intercourse with people and they have, by definition, no sexual attraction at all. I read of one case where a lesbian married a man, and she was still a lesbian. Her romantic feelings for him were strong enough to overwhelm her lack of physical interest in him. How she managed to put that aside and make love to him, I don't know, but she apparently did. Yet she was still gay.

"Okay, so, anyway, let's hash this out. I know that I can't have a one-sided deal and I respect you too much to even ask for one. You're ... a prophet. I honestly think so. I'm not sure how I know, but I do. You're something unique and rare ... and I actually, shockingly, want the honor of bearing you children. Strange as that may seem. I've never wanted to bear a man children before. Not once in my life. Even as a little girl, when I dreamed of my wedding, and yes, I did, it was to another woman ... somehow raising children with her. I'm as gay as they get.

"So, do we have some room for compromise ... maybe we should start with some things that I can do. As I either agree or disagree, we know my hard limits and what the bare minimum is that you'll accept, a little more each time. So, here it goes. I can and will ... okay, this is a strange idea, I know ... I will lie down on my belly and only on my belly to let you fuck me. I won't promise to enjoy it, unless I'm also having sexual relations with a woman somehow. And by you, I mean just YOU. You, Master, and no other men. Period. It will be maintenance sex and to get knocked up by you, but I'll do it ... and yes, I'll let you use my ass, too.

"But not my mouth. That far I refuse to go, even for you. I can't stand the idea of sucking a dick. It's the most repulsive notion under the Sun to me. Even the suggestion makes me sick. Anyway, though, you're the glue that holds this together. Everyone in the group should mate with you, to help unite us and to help us bond. Whatever we do or don't have in common ... we should have you in common," Jan began to lay out some rough ideas while we drove.

Marsha, her hand on Jan's and smiling at her partner's willingness to make some concessions, added, "Okay, how about Jolene? Devin? Are they female enough in your eyes, dear?"

"No to Devin. Yes to Jolene, at least for now. Jolene honestly seems to be transgender, but struggling with it. We can do anything together, Jolene and I, except me sucking that cock ... because that's too much for me to stomach. Devin's a sissy, not really transgender at all. There's a distinction here that must be maintain. Jolene counts as a woman, so no exception to my being gay. Is this acceptable?" Jan answered.

"I'm fine with that," Jolene winked at her.

"What about others who want to eat you out? Should men be allowed to do that? A tongue is a tongue, after all," Marsha noted.

"True, but on the condition that they don't complain about my bush ... and they have to lick my ass, too. No sticking strictly to the twat. No, they've got to eat me out thoroughly, everything below the waist. The ass I'll have waxed, for sanitary reasons, but not my cunt. And I won't return the favor. Agreed?" Jan insisted.

"Fair enough. What about adult nursing?" Benny asked her, much to our shock when we arrived at the Bottom house.

"Yes, you can suck them, if that's what you're wondering. It's probably a good idea, given that I'll be ready to burst a few times. Anything else? Getting to watch? That's a bit ... unpleasant at times, but I'll agree to it for the sake of domestic bliss. What else? Threesomes? Only the kind where the woman is sandwiched between me and the man, or where there are three women, or where the man happens to be Master. Anything else?" Jan inquired and challenged us.

"Attending orgies, skinny dipping, and filming it ... yes or no?" I asked her outright.

"Provided that the orgies don't break these rules and the same with skinny dipping ... and with filming it. Oh, and I do get the whole pissing thing, but I will only accept it from Marsha or one of your assistant ... Mistresses, which I gather that you will have, judging from the conduct of some women here. That being said, I've always gladly swallowed Marsha's ... and she mine. And we pee on each other when we shower, often ... we just wash it off afterward. We won't do that while pregnant, though, will we?" Jan concluded.
