 Author's Note: I recommend starting with the first chapter in this series. The chapters form a narrative and aren't meant to stand alone. Enjoy!

*******

Pale morning light streamed through half-closed blinds. Diana squinted at the wide windows, then buried her face in the soft down pillow under her cheek. The sheets smelled fresh and clean, but unfamiliar. And ooohh — her whole body tingled, and she was sore between her legs in a new way that wasn't necessarily bad, just tender. Smooth cotton rubbed against her skin — every inch of it. She was completely naked, curled up in bed, and she wasn't alone.

Letting her eyes open just a little, she saw the slope of a broad, tanned male back, peacefully rising and falling just inches away from her. What? Oh God. Last night—

She blinked hard a few times, but either Brendan or Ian still lay on his stomach next to her in bed, his head turned towards the wall, one solid arm flung over her waist. The space on her other side was empty.

This had to be a dream. She was dreaming. But her body began to remember last night: opening her legs first to Ian, then Brendan in the treehouse; collapsing into strong arms that carried her across the lawn; snuggling in bed with hard male bodies on either side, resting her head on a firm chest as warm flesh pressed against her curves, letting someone's muscled leg part hers.

Sweet Jesus. Where were her clothes? Could she sneak out and do a dash of shame back to her empty house while steering clear of the neighbors? Shifting, she tried to turn over without waking the slumbering twin.

"Mmmmph," he mumbled into his pillow, pulling her closer. Her skin buzzed from his warm touch. So much for that. And if she was being honest, she wasn't actually ashamed. Shocked, disbelieving, but not ashamed. Slowly, her eyes opened all the way, taking in the large windows, the double dresser topped with a beach painting, the mirrored closet doors, and the family photos on the wall.

She knew this room, though she hadn't set foot in here since she was young enough to sneak in and jump on the king-size mattress with Brendan and Ian. She was in Mr. and Mrs. O'Brian's bedroom, light, airy, and spacious, sprawled in the middle of the bed with only a sheet covering her and an unidentified twin fast asleep next to her, his arm firmly draped over her hip.

No. Yes. She clenched her thighs together, trying not to squirm. This was real. She, Diana, certified shy girl who'd worked her ass off to get into Yale, who was two weeks away from her high school graduation, who'd gone eighteen years without kissing a boy, and who'd never had the nerve to live out any of her wild fantasies before yesterday afternoon, had gone around every base and then some with the boys next door.

A large framed picture of the twins, posing in caps and gowns at their own high school graduation two years ago, beamed down at her from the wall of photos. Basketball stars, brown-haired hazel-eyed gods, oozing masculine confidence and looking like they owned the world. They probably did. What she wouldn't give for a little of that.

Rising on one elbow, she tried to look over her shoulder at a sound in the doorway. Then she sank back into the pillow, moaning. The twin next to her stirred, his arm slipping from her waist as he turned over and settled back into sleep. A shot of vodka, a bottle of beer — had she really drunk enough last night for a hangover? She wasn't even sure what that would feel like. But the shot had been generous, she wasn't a big girl, and let's face it — other than a few sips of wine, last night had been the first time she'd touched alcohol.

"Drink these," a low voice said in her ear. "Water first."

Blindly, she wrapped her fingers around a cool glass, ice clinking against the sides, and took a long drink. Better. And she didn't need to look to know which twin was taking care of her.

"Thanks, Brendan," she murmured, gulping another cold swallow of liquid. The mattress sank softly as he climbed into bed.

"It's Ian."

Blinking, she forced herself up on her elbows again to focus on his face. Yep, the dark freckle under his left eye announced he was unmistakably Ian. Naked, stretched out next to her, his face close to hers.

"Um, okay. Thanks." She tried not to show her surprise. "How'd you know that I—"

"Cause you're a lightweight little girl who's probably never had a drink before." He gave her a devilish grin. "My brother told me he gave you a beer, but I think you had more than that."

She rubbed her throbbing forehead, squinting. "Last night—"

"Happened. I took your virginity in the treehouse after you begged me to do it. And my brother fucked you right afterwards."

"I didn't beg," she mumbled.

Ian leaned in, but to her surprise, he didn't touch her. His breath tickled her ear. "Please, Ian," he whispered teasingly. "Fuck me, Ian. Not so shy anymore, are you?"

Her cheeks went hot. Her everything went hot. Her crotch throbbed unmistakably. "We were all kind of drunk last night."

"Mm-hm." More heat from his naked body, so close to hers, drove her temperature even higher. Unthinking, she kicked back the covers. Hazel eyes traveled over her full creamy breasts, exposed above the sheet that just covered her from the waist down. "And now we're not."

She should leave right now, Diana thought, but boy, did she have the mother of all headaches, and jumping out of bed to prance naked past Ian's gaze wasn't her idea of a graceful goodbye. She took a long drink of water, hoping to clear her head.

"Regrets?" Ian's face was serious now. His voice was softer than she would have expected. And she knew suddenly that if she was having this conversation with Brendan, breathing easily on her other side, he'd tell her the night had been amazing, she had been amazing, and that would be that. She felt grateful to Ian, possibly for the first time ever, for wanting an answer.

"You can't tell anyone," she murmured.

"Our little secret." He didn't crack a smile.

"Then no. No regrets." Still in shock, she sipped the rest of the water. "Where's my swimsuit? And my clothes? And — my shoes?"

Now came the smirk. "Hell if I know."

"Ian..."

"Brendan brought them in last night."

"And my glasses?"

"Smashed 'em," he said smugly. Diana raised an eyebrow at him.

"Fine. I don't actually need them. I just like the way they look."

"Really?"

Not really, but Ian looked so horrified that Diana started to laugh. He shook his head. "Now this." Taking the empty water glass from her, he held out the other cup. Diana eyed the cloudy liquid suspiciously. Steeling herself, she took a big gulp of the unidentified drink and almost choked.

"This is disgusting," she coughed. "What is this, egg yolk and hot sauce?"

"Drink it all down, baby."

"I don't believe this really helps a hangover. I think you just threw together something gross so you can laugh at me while I drink it."

Ian raised an eyebrow at her. Why did he have to be so hot? In the early morning light, she was all too aware that they were both naked, that Ian had kicked the top sheet off his long body, and that she could really see all of him for the first time. His gaze on her breasts sent a flush to her cheeks, but it was a little late to feel shy now. When he chuckled softly, she realized she was shamelessly checking him out: the bronzed shoulders, the swells of his biceps, the firm pecs with their tiny hard nipples, the dusting of hair on his chest that trailed down his rippling abs to — oh, God. She didn't have the guts to look directly at his cock, but there was no question: it was large, hard, and pointing right at her.

"If Brendan made it, you'd believe him."

"He doesn't have your track record," Diana mumbled, deciding whether to finish the drink. One gulp had woken her up, better than any alarm clock. Finally, she made herself reach over Ian to put it on the bedside table. Her breasts brushed against his firm body, sending a shiver through her.

"No." Ian's face was blank now. "He doesn't."

Diana studied him. Suddenly, she understood. "When you've gotten in trouble — like in high school, when you pulled that prank that got you suspended, Brendan was involved too, wasn't he? And you took the fall." Ian just stared at her, so she pushed on. "I bet you always do. And you guys have an agreement about it. You're the bad twin. He's the good twin. That's what everyone sees."

"Mmmmpphhh," came a soft grunt from behind her. The mattress creaked. Diana, startled, tried to grab the sheet as it slipped away. No use. Brendan was turning over in his sleep, pulling all the blankets with him and tucking them under his body. She felt very naked now, but Ian's expression dared her not to grab the sheet back from Brendan. His eyes flicked down to her body, drinking in her bare curves, then back to her face. Her skin began to prickle.

"It's always worked for us," he said finally.

Did she want to know? She didn't want to know. Instead she touched her fingertip lightly to the freckle under his eye. He blinked at her. Going on instinct, she moved in to kiss him. She couldn't say why -- she just needed to, and as Ian's eyes widened, clearly surprised, he slowly brought a hand up to cup the back of her head and another hand on the curve of her bare ass, pulling her closer.

Then she saw the spiders.

"Ian...?" Five of them, just waiting on the sheet by her naked arm and breast. And she'd been about to roll over onto them. She was not going to shriek. She was a big girl who didn't freak out over bugs. "There are spiders in the bed—"

When she met his eyes, that wide-eyed look of innocent concern, she knew the truth.

"You immature little shit," she hissed, grabbing the plastic spiders and throwing them in his face. Ian rocked with silent laughter, mashing his head against the pillow. Behind her, Brendan shifted in his sleep, and she started when his hard body nudged hers. "I can't believe you still have these."

"Saved them in case you ever slept over again. Since you liked them so much the first time."

Ian reached out and pinched her nipple firmly, and Diana's retort was swallowed in a gasp. Her head swam as he tweaked the hard bud between his fingers. Twinges of pleasure radiated out from her nipple. All she could think about now was wanting — no, needing more of his touch. Instinctively, she arched her back, thrusting her full firm breast into his hand. A slow smile spread over his face.

"What do you want, bad girl?" he said in a low voice. "Ask for it."

Oh God. "Touch my breasts, Ian," she murmured, blushing. He just raised his eyebrows. "Please—"

Large hands closed over her firm globes, squeezing them, thumbing her tight nipples assuredly. "You want me to feel you up, don't you, baby? You like having your tits played with."

"Yesssss," she whispered. The crude words just made her nipples harden even more against Ian's palms as he fondled her breasts. What were they doing? Last night was one thing, but now — they hadn't even kissed, and she couldn't blame this on the fuzz of alcohol or soft darkness or anything else except total lust...

In a second, she was on her back, shuddering as Ian caressed her sensitive flesh knowledgeably. Her tender pussy ached with arousal. She'd always been used to hiding her voluptuous breasts, hoping no one would notice them, even hating their size. Now, it felt so good to enjoy Ian's attentions that her breath caught in her throat. She squeezed his shoulders, moaning softly.

As if he could read her mind, he leaned down to whisper in her ear, "You have the most gorgeous fucking tits I've ever seen."

She flushed with pleasure. This was Ian, she had to remind herself. Ian, who'd probably seen more gorgeous tits than he could keep track of. Ian, who was kneading her breasts now, burying his face in them, sucking on her large rosy nipples with firm tugs of his warm lips and tongue. Her hands tangled in his thick brown hair. She relaxed under his busy mouth, her legs opening. She couldn't keep her eyes off his engorged cock, pressing into the bed, looking so inviting.

"And you haven't changed," she managed. Teeth closed over her sensitive nipple, and she jumped. "What's next? Dirt in my lunchbox? Ice down my shirt?"

He just smirked at her, gave her breasts a final possessive squeeze, and reached over his shoulder to the nightstand behind him. Something clinked against glass, and before she could see what it was, icy cold met her puckered nipple. Hot lips stifled her yelp as Ian dragged the ice cube over her smooth belly, making her jerk and kick.

"Ian—" she tried to gasp into his mouth, . He rolled on top of her. One knee opened her quivering legs and held her in place. Brendan shifted next to her, stretching, his muscular body pressing firmly against her. How was he snoozing through this? He'd always been a deep sleeper, but...

No. He wasn't sleeping. A warm heavy hand caressed her thigh, soothing her as Ian teased her mercilessly with the ice cube. Diana wriggled, but she couldn't move. The twins had wedged her between them. Rivulets of water streamed down her sides, ice trailed up to tease her other breast, and she groaned as jolts of excitement ran down her body. She couldn't help clinging to Ian, her fingers digging into his broad back.

"Thanks for the good idea," he whispered in her ear. Before she could argue, his tongue sank into her mouth again. Warm juice trickled from her pussy as melting cold tickled under her arm. Brendan's hand gently pulled her thigh open, his fingers massaging closer and closer to her heated core. And— she cried out into Ian's kiss when the ice cube suddenly slid between her cunt lips.

"Uhhh — Ian —" She writhed under his hard body as he pushed the ice cube against her aching opening. "Too much—"

"That's what you said last night," he whispered. "And you came so fucking hard."

"I'm sore," she whispered, her face flushing.

"Poor baby." His deep voice was all sympathy. Bringing the dripping chip of ice up to her face, he rubbed it over her lips. Oh God— and she was opening her mouth, letting him feed her the ice cube and sucking her own juices off of it. "Let me make it better."

The next thing she knew, her legs were spread wide and Ian's head nestled between her thighs. His impossibly hot tongue licked a long, burning path over her sensitive cunt. The heat right after the cold made Diana's head spin. She could only grab Ian's hair, tightening her fingers in it, as he licked her pussy deliberately, again and again, swiping his tongue over every crevice of her swollen lips.

When her moans turned into shrieks, a comforting hand found her breast — Brendan, caressing her sleepily, but sensuously. She buried her face in the bulk of his shoulder, squealing when Ian took her clit between his lips and sucked on it, digging her heels into his back even as she grabbed his hair and tried to drag his plundering tongue away from her juicy cunt. Warm palms pressed firmly on her thighs, holding them down and open. His tongue flicked relentlessly over her sensitive clit. Diana's tugs on his hair only seemed to spur him on.

Ian was enjoying this, she realized in amazement, her cunt spasming helplessly. She'd always assumed the pleasure went one way only for oral sex, but burying his face in her hot creamy pussy was so obviously turning Ian on that her whole body rippled with excitement, her tingling lips even more alive to his tongue.

Everything was so much more real in the daytime. She was really in the twins' parents' bed, oozing hot juice onto the soft white sheets, thrusting her crotch toward Ian's eager mouth while he pressed her quivering legs against the mattress and she whimpered into Brendan's shoulder.

Ian raised his head, meeting her wide eyes, and painful arousal ran through her body.

"You're just creaming yourself," he whispered. "You're just a little sex bomb who's been waiting to explode."

Was he right? Oh God. He had at least one thing right — she was close to exploding. And when another tongue teased her earlobe, it nudged her even closer. She rolled her head to the side and met half-lidded hazel eyes — sleepy and appreciative. Brendan smiled at her.

"Good morning, sunshine," he murmured. Movement caught her eye. He was stroking his cock. Diana stared openly at the thick pink stalk between his legs, the rounded satiny head disappearing and emerging from his loose fist, the dark nest of hair at its base. Her mouth actually watered at the sight. God, he was beautiful. And he was beaming down at his brother's head between her legs with a delighted smile. Would Ian's cock look exactly the same? She'd barely seen it in their scuffle. And had Brendan really fit inside her pussy? Ian, too?

"How'd you sleep?" He brushed her dark bangs off her forehead, burying his fingers in her hair. Diana dragged her eyes away from his engorged erection.

"Uh — I slept well."

He kissed her neck gently. "And how's your little pussy?" The big-brotherly concern in his voice, contrasting with the arousal on his face, made her pant for breath, squeezing Ian's head between her thighs. Brendan's hand trailed down from her hair to cup her voluptuous breast, rolling her hard nipple soothingly between his fingers. Ian was licking her tender opening now, tonguing her deeply, and as she gasped with pleasure, his fingers began pinching her swollen clit.

"Sore," she managed.

"But Ian's making it better, right?"

"Yesssss," she moaned.

"Good, Di. I told you we'd take care of you." He nuzzled her neck again and brushed his lips against hers. "Just let it feel good." And he began to really kiss her. Oh God — two hot wet tongues were tasting her at the same time, and as Ian soothed the ache between her legs and drove her longing higher, Brendan's tongue moved deeper and deeper into her mouth. When he nibbled on her lip, she let go of Ian's head with one hand and pulled Brendan closer to her, kissing him hard.

Finally, they separated for breath.

"This was all — your idea," she whispered. Her throat was dry with excitement. "Why?"

Brendan massaged the back of her head. "I wanted the three of us to be together again. It's nice, isn't it, Di?"

Diana could only nod, dazed. She could barely think straight, her whole body melting under Ian's mouth.

"What do you need, baby?" Brendan whispered. She did need something, didn't she? And he could tell. His dimples deepened as she looked into his handsome face.

"I want to suck you," she panted.

His broad smile tightened her whole body. "Of course you do."

Diana stared at Brendan's cock as he straddled her chest. It seemed enormous in front of her face, and he looked so tall, looming over her and blocking her view of Ian between her legs. All she could feel was an impossibly teasing tongue and fingers exploring her pussy. But Brendan was right — she needed to feel him in her mouth. A little shyly, she wrapped her fingers around his heavy, veined shaft. Then she looked up at him.

"Do what you did last night, sweetness," Brendan murmured. He stroked her cheeks encouragingly and cupped her chin. "Open your mouth and lick me while Ian licks you."

Her pussy spasmed again, and Ian growled into her melting cunt. Hands slid to her ass, squeezing the soft cheeks roughly and pulling them apart. Oh God — he was pinching and massaging her ass now, and licking her cunt more firmly as her mouth opened to take in Brendan's cock. Yes — she did need something to suck on. Eagerly, her tongue swirled over the plump shiny head, teasing the ridge, licking and sucking as much of the firm shaft as she could fit in her mouth. Brendan was moving, she realized, fucking her mouth with short controlled motions.

"Cup my balls, baby." Soft wrinkled skin filled her hand, heavy and firm. She caressed Brendan's balls lightly, exploring the texture. "Good girl," he crooned. "Oh yeah. Fuck — oh, fuck, that's good." He was breathing more heavily, his hips flexing in front of her face, thrusting gently with longer sensual strokes as Diana tasted the thick cock filling her mouth. God, the skin on his cock was so silky, his balls were like velvet in her palm, his salty, musky scent was driving her crazy, and he was moaning with pleasure — because of her. A shocking sense of heady, erotic power flooded her body, making her twitch under Ian's busy lips. She was starting to understand just why it was so enjoyable to pleasure someone else.
