 Warm grass pressed against Diana's cheek. The sun had already set, but the ground still held heat from the ninety-degree May day. Not just any day — her last-ever day of high school, the day before graduation.

 She was done. Done with finals, done with APs, done with pep rallies and limited class options and high school bathrooms. It hadn't really sunk in yet.

 Rolling onto her back, she lifted her arms over her head, stretching from head to toe and ignoring the grass stains smudging her white skirt. On either side, her friends reminisced lazily about the past four years. Overhead, pinpoints of stars dotted the navy blue sky. Lit embers glowed red in the night air, and earthy smoke curled over the circle of people in her friend Marissa's backyard.

 At any other party, Diana would have left an hour ago. The minute any kind of substance came out, she'd always fled for home. Illegal, sure, but above all: scary. Who knew what could happen when everyone around her lost control? Or worse — when she lost control?

 But tonight, sprawled on the warm lawn with all her friends, she hadn't mumbled an excuse and rushed out the door when someone lit up a joint. She'd just stayed. And when the joint made it to her, she'd accepted it gingerly, taken a hit, and immediately embarrassed herself with a fit of mortified coughing.

 "Diana? You okay?" Marissa giggled. 

 "Fine," she choked. God, that smoke tasted disgusting. Worse than the hangover cure Ian had cooked up the morning after she'd given him her virginity — and taken Brendan right afterwards. The memory made her thighs clench. Suddenly, she saw Ian's challenging expression — one eyebrow raised and that mocking little grin, turning her insides over in a slow curl. She practically felt Brendan's hand on her back, reassuring her and making her unbearably hot at the same time. She took another hit. The second one was easier, once she got used to the unfamiliar feeling of smoke filling her lungs.

 "Diana's smoking up?" Janelle, across the circle, scrambled toward her. "This I have to see. This is, like, a watershed event. This doesn't happen every day."

 Every day? More like never. 

 In fact, she'd planned to be home right around now, Diana thought, finishing her stretch and rolling onto her stomach to play with the dandelions sprouting from Marissa's lawn. She'd planned to be back home, alone and sober, practicing the speech for tomorrow's graduation that she'd written weeks ago and then done her best to forget about, because public speaking held a place of honor in her worst nightmares. All those eyes, everyone focused on her — When she'd been told she was valedictorian and would have the "distinction" of speaking at graduation, she'd almost asked that the school just pass that distinction on to the next-best person. Then, annoyed with herself, she'd accepted. And by all rights she should be pacing her bedroom right now, rehearsing every word of her already-memorized speech, just in case.

 But she couldn't bring herself to worry about it. Having a thousand eyes on her didn't seem so terrifying anymore. Not after exposing every inch of her smooth curves to the eager hazel gazes of the boys next door while they lounged, fully dressed, against her desk. And definitely not after letting them pull her thighs open wider and wider while she worked her dildo into her moist pussy...

 A bowl nudged her hand, bringing her back to Marissa's backyard. Pretzels, being passed around. Diana scooped up a handful and scarfed them down. Someone was singing, and someone else was singing a different song, and a third person had pulled out a guitar, and in the meantime she was consumed with a total desire to eat everything in the world.

 "I'm getting us more food," she announced vaguely to the circle. 

 But once she was alone in Marissa's quiet kitchen, leaning against the humming fridge and spooning peanut butter straight out of the jar, she had to admit the truth: she wasn't just craving food. Her whole body felt warm and loose and relaxed. The brush of her skirt against her bare legs made her tingle with excitement. Warm night air, wafting through the open window, caressed her skin and teased her nipples into hard points against her bra. And being up against the humming fridge... Jesus, she was actually wondering whether she could sneak into Marissa's room for some time alone — or casually call Brendan and ask what he and Ian were up to without risking her dignity. 

 Of course, she'd already done exactly that, three very long nights ago, right when she should have been one hundred per cent focused on finals.

 She'd been in a state of disbelief last Wednesday night, doing her best to study and all too aware of the scrap of paper she'd found on her desk after the twins left: a scrap scrawled with Brendan's name, his cell number, and the words Call us. Had she really stripped in front of both the twins? Masturbated for them with the best-kept secret in her underwear drawer? Taken both Brendan and Ian inside her at the same time? Yes. Yes, she most certainly had. And she managed to stop thinking about the two of them in her bed just long enough to focus on the last days of class. But as soon as she'd headed out into the sunshine to meet her friends on Friday afternoon, she heard Ian's lust-soaked voice in her head, begging her to suck his cock.

 She was busy, she'd told herself firmly. Very busy. So were the twins. She had her life, they had theirs. 

 But Sunday evening, right before finals — perched at her desk again, slogging through her AP chemistry notes, and desperately trying to ignore the temptation of the dildo under her pillow that she'd already used twice that day — she'd pulled out her phone and impulsively texted Brendan: I need a study break.

 Oh God. She practically slammed her head into her desk as soon as she'd hit send. Had she really just texted him like that? He'd be out somewhere, doing something, and she'd just thrown herself in his direction. But two minutes later, her phone buzzed: Come over.

 When Brendan led her into the O'Brians' den, his warm hand on her back, three smiling faces greeted her. Well, two smiling faces and one smirk from Ian. The twins were watching baseball — with their parents? How wholesome. She settled down on the couch next to Brendan, tensing with excitement when he draped an arm around her right in front of his parents, unsure where this was going and accepting a handful of chips when a bowl was passed around. At least Brendan was the kind of guy who was affectionate with everybody. He was always putting his arm around girls and clapping guys on the back and hugging his mom.

 Mr. and Mrs. O'Brian had been thrilled to see her, and asked her more questions about Yale, her high school career, and her upcoming summer job then she would have liked to answer in front of Ian, who shot her occasional glances from where he was lying on the floor in front of the giant TV. By the ninth inning, it occurred to her that he was looking up her bicycle-printed skirt. She hadn't even noticed that her legs had slipped open. Her nipples tightened, and heat flooded her cheeks.

 "Are you all right?" Brendan asked sympathetically. He rubbed her shoulder. "You look warm. It's pretty hot in here."

Thanks, Brendan, she thought. Now Mrs. O'Brian was offering to turn up the AC, and Ian was looking back at the TV screen with that innocent expression she knew all too well. 

 "I'm fine," she said quickly. "Don't worry about the AC."

 She crossed her legs tightly, half-tempted to open them and give Ian a show but knowing she didn't have the guts to do it with his parents anywhere in the vicinity. Her stomach was turning somersaults now, and Brendan was playing with her hair, idly, like he didn't even notice he was doing it. Every movement of his fingers sent a current of excitement down Diana's shoulders and straight to her nipples.

 "I like your skirt, Diana," Ian drawled from the floor. "Makes me want to go for a ride."

 Jesus. She bit her lip hard to keep from laughing, her whole body hot and prickly now. Brendan squeezed her shoulder reassuringly, while Mr. O'Brian pointed out that the twins' bikes were gathering dust in the garage, and Mrs. O'Brian launched into a fond reminiscence about the three of them riding through the neighborhood as kids: Ian speeding ahead, Brendan behind him keeping an eye on Diana, and Diana pedaling extra fast to keep up with both of them.

 Once the game was over, Brendan had ushered her out to the patio, chips in hand. Ian followed like he didn't have anything better to do. Mrs. O'Brian brought them a watermelon, beaming like seeing the three of them together was the highlight of her weekend. And for the next half hour, sitting outside getting college advice from Brendan and bickering with Ian while they spit watermelon seeds at each other and finished off the chips felt...normal. It felt nice. Familiar, even comfortable, if she just ignored the ache between her legs. 

 But when the last of the strawberry lemonade had been drunk and the last crumbs of chips had been argued over, the conversation died down. Diana looked up to find two pairs of hazel eyes on her, waiting. A knee pressed against hers, a foot rested on her ankle. Ian reached over and took her glasses off, dropping them on the table without a word. 

 As soon as the O'Brians had poked their heads outside to say goodnight, the three of them had gone back to the treehouse. The things they'd done there, and whose mouths and fingers and cocks had been where, and the noises she'd made — it all blurred together in a hot sensual haze.

 "Hey, Diana!" The kitchen door swung open. "Everything okay in there? Did you eat all the food?"

 Rubbing her warm cheeks, Diana put the peanut butter back in the fridge, scooped up some snacks at random, and carried them outside to her friends. The food disappeared as soon as she set it down.

 "Let's toast that fine hall of academic excellence." Someone raised a red plastic cup.

 "Hall of academic bullshit, you mean."

 "Things I learned in high school: boys drool."

 "Because they didn't drool before that?"

 Things she'd learned Sunday night: that frantically pulling the twins' clothes off while Brendan helped her out of her skirt and Ian tossed her bra aside somehow got everyone naked. That trading watermelon mouth to mouth, juice running down her chin, was sexier than she ever would have guessed. That Ian crushing chunks of cold fruit over the swells of her breasts and and pinching her juice-slicked nipples, while Brendan licked a slow sure path toward her needy cunt, was even sexier.

 "Total freedom," said one of her friends said dreamily. "This is what summer feels like."

Yes, thought Diana, feeling the ground press against her back. This is what summer feels like. Brendan's hot mouth between her legs, tonguing her dripping pussy, keeping her on the edge of an orgasm while she moaned and pleaded around Ian's cock; Ian looking down at her, his eyes half-closed, as she sucked his thick rod — not teasing, not talking dirty, not saying please, just staring at her movements in the darkness of the treehouse; warm cum splashing onto her full breasts, her gasp of surprise, and Ian's low chuckle; Brendan filling her tingling cunt, fucking her firmly under his brother's gaze, then pulling out and spurting more streams of cum across her smooth belly, because she'd asked — asked! — him to...

 And oh God, then they'd switched.

 "I'm proud of you, Di," Brendan had murmured above her as he rubbed his hardening cock over her lips. "You started this tonight. We're here because of you. You've already come such a long way."

 She could only moan in response, flicking out her tongue to taste the smooth skin, as Ian's fingers found her swollen clit.

 Afterward, she'd sprawled on the blankets heaped in the treehouse, exhausted. Her skin was completely sticky with watermelon juice, the twins' warm fluids, and her own cream. Brendan swung himself down the tree to get towels from the dark house, while Ian's tongue played in her mouth, one hand wrapped in her hair and the other resting on her ass. She'd expected him to make some crack about what a hot mess she was, and with the little corner of her mind that could still think straight, she started to get a retort ready. But neither of them had said anything at all.

 Diana rolled over in the grass, her whole body throbbing at the memory. She was hearing her friend's voice. Her name. 

 "What? What did you say?" she giggled. It was suddenly completely hilarious that she had to ask.

 "Your neighbors. The hot ones. Are they around this summer? Diana lives next door to the O'Brian twins," Marissa announced to the circle, fanning herself to demonstrate the level of hotness.

"Oh, I remember them."

"Who doesn't?"

"Jocks," someone said dismissively.

"How do you even concentrate with them next door to you?"

"I'm used to them." Diana couldn't hold back her laughter. She kicked her legs in the grass. "They're basically just like my big brothers. We grew up with each other." Everyone was looking at her like they expected more. "When I see them, you know, I just think about — about —" she fished around for a random innocent memory — "them being eight years old and racing around the neighborhood in superhero costumes on Halloween." She'd raced around with them too, dressed like a mashup of Snow White and a cat. Ian had swiped all her Snickers bars, she remembered, and Brendan had worked out a deal with him to give them back — except the two Ian had already eaten. 

In fact, now that she thought about it, the twins had been busy with a lot of deals when they were kids. Agreements — that was it. They never fought; they came to agreements.

"Whatever." Janelle's voice broke in. "I'd do either of them in a heartbeat, and I don't even care which one. How sick is that?"

"I'd go for them both at the same time," Marissa said dramatically. "I'm not even kidding."

Shrieks bounced around the circle. "Marissa, you are so dirty!"

"Could you even tell them apart once they've taken their clothes off?"

Oh, I can, Diana thought. Naked or not. 

"Diana can hook us up, right, Diana? Just tell them no strings attached. Either guy. One's as good as the other."

She pressed her face into the grass. It was so nice and cool. Grassy. She couldn't stop giggling. "I think they're done with high school girls," she spluttered. "They're all busy with college stuff. Basketball. And I heard they've taken a vow of celibacy. You know, to perform better on the court. They told me themselves."

"That would be such a tragedy."

Diana rolled over. And over again, a few times, until she was on the other side of the yard, nice and quiet. Leaves rustled overhead. Grass whispered by her ear. The moon was starting to rise -- just a crescent. She'd rolled away from the clusters of candles Marissa had lit, to a dark corner of the lawn.

Someone was stretching out next to her, almost close enough to touch. Tilting her head to the side, she focused on a pair of brown eyes. Boy eyes.

"Alex?" she asked. "Alex Noriega. You're lying next to me in the grass."

"Yep. I am." He smiled at her like the two of them lying on Marissa's lawn together was the most normal thing in the world.

Diana blinked at him a few times. What was she remembering about him? Oh, yes. He'd checked out her breasts in AP World History last week, and she'd stared him down. He hadn't looked too embarrassed either -- just a little. And then she'd fantasized about him in the school bathroom right afterwards, licking her throbbing pussy before the twins took his place. 

Other than that little episode? He'd been in a lot of her classes. He'd dated her friend Lin junior year. And she'd never really gotten to know him, because how much had she let herself get to know most people in high school?

Alex was saying something. A monologue about the vastness of the universe and the intensity of the stars and blah blah blah...she let it wash over her until he ended on a question. 

"Sorry?" She glanced his way. Alex was just cute enough that a couple of weeks ago, she would have had trouble meeting his eyes. Now, it didn't seem difficult.

"I was saying, we've had all these classes together the past four years, but I feel like I've never really gotten to know you. You're pretty unapproachable, you know?"

"I am?" Diana rolled her head all the way towards him, startled. Unapproachable? No. She was shy. She was the one who had trouble approaching people. Alex's comment struck her as funny. Hysterical, actually. "You're lying right next to me in the grass." She was giggling again, her whole body shaking. "Because I'm soooo unapproachable. Guys have all kinds of trouble approaching me, you know?" She could feel the twins' hands all over her, massaging her bare skin, slipping between her— 

Wait. That was an actual hand. Alex had wrapped his fingers around hers. Okay. That was nice. Warm and pleasant. 

"I bet they do," he whispered. "I know I have."

He leaned toward her. What? Lips — on hers. He was kissing her. Half-laughing, half-surprised, her mouth opened, and his tongue slipped in.

Oh God. Excitement rushed down her body, pointing straight between her legs. This was what she'd been afraid of. She could barely handle the twins. Alex Noriega did not need to complicate things, and — oh shit, he was brushing her dark bangs off her forehead, nibbling her lips, cupping her cheek, and all she wanted to do was pull him on top of her.

She put one hand on his chest and pushed him back a few inches.

"I should go," she whispered, laughing in little gulps. This was so crazy. "I'm not, uh, I'm not really in any condition to do this."

"Then let me take you home."

"No, no, I'm okay. I have a ride," Diana hiccuped. Alex was still leaning over her like he expected to kiss her again. God, if they got in a car together -- there's no telling what she would do. "I just want to, uh, focus on school right now."

He peered at her. "We're done with school, Diana. We're graduating tomorrow."

"Well, college." She dissolved into giggles again. Alex was laughing too, shaking his head. She managed to get up. "I'll see you around tomorrow."

*******

A sliver of moonlight shone into Diana's open bedroom window, filtered through the branches of the huge old tree outside. She'd gone to bed an hour ago, after she'd raided the dark kitchen for chips, salsa, and a tube of chocolate chip cookie dough, but she was still lying awake. Warm pleasant relaxation lingered through her body, but sleep hadn't come. Her graduation cap and gown, hanging on her closet door for tomorrow, kept pulling her attention. Her folded speech rustled on her desk. Her book could only distract her so much. Throwing it down, she tiptoed to her underwear drawer and quietly took out her dildo. 

The night was warm, but a breeze cooled her room. Her window screen still leaned against the wall, next to her desk. After the twins had caught her by surprise a week ago, swinging their way up the tree, she hadn't bothered to put the screen back on. It felt good to sleep with the window open every night, enjoying the wind on her skin, no barrier between her and the world outside. 

She decided to keep her nightgown on — short, silky, purple, and the kind of lingerie she'd bought in the hope that someone besides her would see it, someday. Stretching out in bed, she slipped one hand in the lacy cups to fondle her generous uptilted breasts. Recently, she'd been stroking and squeezing her breasts a lot more when she masturbated, now that she knew how good someone else's hands felt on them. Two someones.

She was already aroused, and the dildo slipped easily into her juice-slicked pussy. Shivers of excitement tightened her body, but she didn't feel any rush towards orgasm. Life looked wide open. She felt wide open, for the first time, and it felt so good. And she wanted to come, stroking her clit in teasing little circles, but she was so sleepy now... 
