 Bright hot lights dazzled Diana as she slowly walked across the stage, her toes clenched inside her red peep-toe pumps. The only sound in the stadium was the click of her high heels. From below the stage, her graduating class watched her silently, rows upon rows of blue gowns and decorated caps. Behind them, barely visible in the yawning blackness, parents and family and friends packed the seats. 

It was the kind of vision that had woken her before in a cold sweat, her heart racing and her mind catching up to the fact that it had just been a dream. But this was very real. As she stepped to the podium, adjusted the mic with a creak, and cleared her throat, she felt a flutter of anticipation along with the nervousness. 

"Good evening, parents, faculty, and graduates."

After Ian had left her room that morning, while her mother called a cheery goodbye to "Brendan," Diana had skimmed her original speech, her heart still pounding from the close call. The whole thing was based on literary quotes about the great beyond. It sounded the way a valedictory speech should sound. It was safe. And after she'd read it twice, she'd ripped it to bits, flushed them in a rush down the toilet, and written a new one in fifteen minutes flat. She didn't need to hide behind someone else's words. She had a few things of her own to say.

"Sometimes, things find you that you don't expect. That you never could have planned. That you're tempted to turn your back on and say, 'That's just not me.' But those are the things that can change your life."

She could hear Ian's voice whispering in her ear that she was a dirty girl, feel Brendan's sure hands on her breasts underneath her graduation gown, smell both the twins' male sweat and musk. Right there on stage, she tasted their salty skin and their warm cream on her tongue, saw their hazel eyes devouring her soft curves. Her body remembered waking up in Ian's arms less than twelve hours ago. Her pussy remembered the way he'd fucked her.

She was so distracted by the images and sensations of the twins, and the rush of knowing no one in the two thousand-person audience would guess the secret behind her words, that she only slowly became aware, as she continued talking about taking risks and challenging yourself, that she was speaking naturally. Her voice sounded poised and confident. She had a broad smile on her face. In a stadium packed with people, all eyes on her, she was enjoying every second of her speech.

"Some of us have planned each step of our lives for the past four years. Others couldn't have cared less. And many of us are somewhere in between. But I would guess that we all have our ideas about who we are. They come from what other people expect of us, and they come from what we expect of ourselves — or don't. We have our ideas about other people, too: the roles they play, the roles we think they're supposed to play. But we can do -- and be -- so much more. So as we leave high school and go out into the world, I just want to say: surprise yourself. Let yourself surprise others. Embrace the unexpected. Try something that's 'just not you.' If there's any time to do it, the time is now. Thank you."

The sudden crack of applause that split the silent stadium air almost knocked her over. For the first time, she felt the sweat trickling down her back. She smiled into the blinding lights, turned, and made it back to her seat with a steady pace. Each tap of her heels sounded triumphant now.

The rest of graduation was a blur. Music, cheering, diplomas handed out, one last speech, caps thrown in the air. Before she knew it, the processional had taken everyone outside and she was standing in front of the stadium, surrounded by her friends, hugging and taking pictures and scanning the masses of people for her parents.

Diana had never been especially huggy in high school — shyness had always gotten in the way, even with her friends. But if there was any night to grab people by the shoulders and jostle together for photos, tonight was that night. So when a strong pair of arms folded her in a big hug, pulling her close, she didn't immediately react.

But the chest she was pressed against felt — and smelled — decidedly masculine. A shirt collar brushed her forehead. A broad shoulder bumped her graduation cap. What? Guys didn't just come up and hug her. She wasn't that kind of girl. When the hugger pulled back, his arms still wrapped around her, she blinked up into a pair of bright hazel eyes that sent a shockwave down her body.

"Uh -- Brendan?"

"You were great." He actually leaned down to give her a kiss on the cheek, and her whole body tightened. Even if it was just her cheek, his lips were soft and warm, his firm hug felt anything but brotherly, and of course he had to smell good on top of it — like he'd just stepped out of the shower. "We heard you were giving a speech, so we had to come see you." The wink he gave her looked so much like Ian's imitation of it that morning, she found herself checking the cleft in his chin.

"We?"

Brendan let go — finally. If he'd held onto her for a second longer, she would have collapsed into a puddle. As it was, her skin prickled, and she desperately wanted to tear off her graduation gown and fan herself. Her friends were gawking, phones dangling from their hands, turning from her to Brendan with expressions of amazement.

As soon as she looked over her shoulder, another male body crowded her. A casual arm dropped onto her shoulders. "What, you weren't going to tell us?" Ian looked down at her with a lopsided smile, and her stomach turned a somersault. She caught a faint glimpse of the hickey she'd left on his neck the night before. 

"I figured you guys like surprises," she managed to say. Now her face had to be as red as her shoes, and her friends' jaws were practically unhinged. Any minute now, she was going to have to mop Janelle off the floor. Ian only made it worse by leaning closer.

"Love the fuck-me pumps," he said in a low voice under the music blaring from the outdoor speakers. His breath brushed her ear. "Nice speech too." 

"Take a picture of us?" Brendan's arm was around her too now, and he held out his phone to Marissa, who blinked and took it. He'd made the right choice, Diana thought; Janelle would have fallen apart completely.

God, she was about to explode, wedged tightly between the twins. People were staring at them now — not just her friends. If anyone guessed the truth... But right then, she didn't even care. Her face already ached from smiling, but she was too happy not to grin from ear to ear. Marissa seemed to be taking a lot of pictures, her finger permanently pressed to the screen while her eyes moved over the twins' handsome faces and bronzed physiques. Diana couldn't blame her. Meanwhile, Brendan's warm hand squeezed her waist, and a pinch on her ass made her cheeks clench — definitely Ian. She prayed no one behind them had noticed, or saw her own hand sneak back for an answering pinch. Her panties were moist. Her pussy ached, sandwiched as she was between their muscular bodies. In the midst of all the craziness, she wondered if Brendan knew about Ian's visit to her room last night.

"We both really liked your speech, Di. We need to celebrate," Brendan announced, taking his phone back from Marissa.

"We do?" Janelle looked at him hopefully.

Brendan gave her an indulgent smile and turned back to Diana. "We're taking you out. Right, Ian?" Ian just pinched her again — on her hip this time. Diana realized he still had his arm around her. "Saturday night? This weekend? A surprise."

Oh boy, she would never hear the end of this from her friends. They'd demand a full report. Out with the twins — she couldn't even imagine where they'd go or how she'd handle herself. She nodded quickly. 

"Diana! Congratulations, honey! You were wonderful!" Her mother bustled up to her, her father in tow — and Mr. and Mrs. O'Brian with them. The twins stepped aside as her mother hugged her. Diana didn't think the sudden entrance was an accident. She'd seen the way her parents had glanced nervously at Ian's arm around her, while Mr. and Mrs. O'Brian looked pleased.

"Wasn't she great?" Brendan smiled broadly, as if he were personally responsible for Diana's speech. He wasn't far wrong, she thought, her skin tingling under her gown.

A welcome breeze blew across the lawn. Teachers were coming up to her now. As she talked with them, posed for pictures, and tried to hold down five different conversations at once, she noticed the faculty noticing the twins. 

Everyone recognized them, of course. They'd graduated two years ago, but it would be a long time before her high school forgot the O'Brian brothers. And there was no doubt right now which one was which. Brendan was busy shaking all the teacher's hands, chatting them up and sharing friendly reminiscences. Meanwhile, Ian had been grabbed in a bear hug by a rangy guy Diana figured was the basketball coach — she'd never bothered to keep track of sports the past four years — while the rest of the faculty gave him a wide, disapproving berth, like they expected him to set off a stink bomb in the stadium.

"We came to see Diana." Brendan's voice caught her attention. He and Ian pointed at her with identical dimpled grins, and Mr. Bertell, her calc teacher, eyed the three of them with a confused expression, like something didn't add up. 

Meanwhile, more people were elbowing their way through the crowd to greet the twins, slap high fives, say hello — older brothers and sisters of the graduates, plus the few athletes and beautiful people in her grade who'd been cool enough to rub shoulders with the twins in high school. This was familiar. Diana was used to seeing Brendan and Ian at the center of things. But now she was at the center, too. People she'd never spoken two words to were shaking her hand, congratulating her, telling her how much they'd liked her speech. 

Dizzy, she found herself on the receiving end of another hug — Ms. Wood, her AP English teacher, faculty advisor for the literary magazine, and the person who'd whipped her writing into shape more than anyone else the past four years.

"Diana, this school is going to miss you so much. I'm going to miss you so much. Yale's about to learn how lucky they are to have you. All those late nights you put in for the literary magazine...the work of art you turned in for your final paper..."

"Those times you studied all alone in your room...the way you never had any fun..." said a familiar teasing voice.

Ms. Wood pursed her lips. Diana suddenly became aware of warm pressure on her shoulders. Ian had come up next to her, draping an arm around her again. "The two of you are friends?"

"Neighbors," Diana said quickly. "Friend" wasn't an accurate word for Ian, and she didn't want to think too hard about what word might be. "I grew up with him and Brendan."

"Do you miss me, Ms. Wood?" Ian flashed white teeth. "'Cause I miss you."

Ms. Wood raised her eyebrows. "I'm sure you do miss my class. Just like you did twenty-nine times in one semester. As I recall, your coach got you out of that one. And no, Mr. O'Brian, I don't miss your absences. Or you coming in late, smelling like pot, or your smart-aleck comments, or the incomprehensible scribbles you turned in and called papers." Her eyes flicked to his sweatshirt. "I hope you're attending the occasional class at UConn."

Ian just laughed. "Gonna go cry in the corner now. Unless you want to spank me first." Red crept to Diana's cheeks — she couldn't look Ian's way, or Ms. Wood's — but she also had to bite her lip to stop a laugh of her own. "Catch you later, Diana."

As he sauntered off, Diana realized a second too late that she was staring at his broad shoulders and narrow hips, remembering how that muscular ass had felt under her hands the night before. A voice over the blasting music pulled her attention back. 

"Diana." Ms. Wood had looked exasperated before; now she looked worried. "I know Ian O'Brian holds attraction for a lot of girls. But please, don't spend any time or energy on him. It would be an incredible waste."

Diana blinked, too stunned to answer. Quickly, she looked over her shoulder again, fighting embarrassment and hoping Ian hadn't heard. Hazel eyes met hers. He'd heard. Before she could laugh it off, he turned away.

*******

At one in the morning, Diana tiptoed into her room, carrying her red peep-toe pumps. Her cap and gown hung over her arm. She was officially exhausted. Graduation parties, laughter, more people and chatter in one night than she was used to in a week. Her cheeks hurt from grinning. Her feet and calves ached from prancing around in three-inch heels. But she wouldn't have traded any of it. She'd dreaded this day even as she'd crossed off the calendar dates in anticipation, but now that it was over, she had to admit: she'd loved it.

Sighing with relief, she set her cap and gown on her armchair, wiggled her bare toes in the carpet, and reached back to unzip her tight dress. The navy blue fabric dropped to the floor. It felt so good to free her heavy breasts from their lacy black cups — the same bra she'd been wearing when her eyes met Brendan's while she enviously spied on the twins' party next door. Had that really happened less than two weeks ago? 

She glanced at the window. The O'Brians' house was dark, the twins' Jeep missing from the driveway. They must be out for the night. Probably with some of the people who'd been so ecstatic to see them after graduation. That was fine, she told herself, trying to ignore her twinge of disappointment. The excitement of the evening had already worn her out. 

After a moment's pause, she hooked her thumbs into her black thong, eased the scanty material over her hips, and stepped out of that, too. Posing naked in front of her closet, she gave herself permission, for the first time, to really admire the voluptuous girl in the mirror. The full swells of her breasts didn't embarrass her anymore; instead, they tingled under her gaze, knowing how good it felt to be licked and squeezed. Her large rosy nipples contracted in the cool night breeze from the open window. The exaggerated curves of her hips and ass — curves she'd always considered way over the top — seemed just right. And whatever Ian said, her glasses were sexy. The black frames — along with her dark hair, puckered crimson nipples, and the soft triangle between her legs — punctuated her pale skin.

She fluffed up her hair, looking at herself from one side, then the other. Then, giggling, she lit some candles, turned out the light, and flopped into bed.

Just a quiet night now. She deserved it. A couple of sweet-smelling candles that would burn down soon, a book that wouldn't keep her awake too long, and no nightgown at all, just the relaxing feeling of fresh sheets on her naked skin. Yawning, she stretched under the covers.

A light tap made her jump. Rolling over, she saw a male face in the window, framed with shadows. Her stomach flipped.

"Ian?" she whispered, sitting up.

He raised an eyebrow at her. "Brendan."

"Knew that." Diana flushed. Of course it was Brendan. Ian wouldn't have bothered to knock. Now that he was smiling, the cleft in his chin made it clear. "I, uh, I'm not really dressed." She held the covers to her chest, aware that her nipples were starting to harden under the cool sheets. 

Brendan's smile broadened. "That's it. I'm leaving." He started to turn around, branches rustling below him. Diana began to laugh. It was a little ridiculous, she had to admit.

"Don't leave," she called softly.

Swinging easily through the window, Brendan landed on the floor and walked right over to her bed. Diana realized she was gawking at him, no better than her open-mouthed friends at graduation. His easy grace, his total confidence, the way his tank top and boxers clung to his muscled body.

"Just came to say congrats. With a little more privacy. You were amazing tonight."

"Thanks." Blushing, she nodded, self-conscious now as Brendan sat down on her bed. The mattress sank under his weight. Diana noticed a brown paper bag in his hand. Her skin began to tingle, aware of his long body close to hers. He put his hand on her knee, and the tingles turned into prickles. 

"Good book?"

Diana glanced down at the open book still in her hand. "I couldn't really tell you. I'm just too excited to sleep," she confessed.

"Yeah?"

Brendan was rubbing her knee gently through the covers. Heat poured outward from his touch. 

"You know." Her voice caught. "It's been such a busy night. A lot of people and attention and now— I guess I don't know what to do with myself." 

Brendan squeezed her knee. "I heard I was here this morning," he said softly. "Figured I should make it true."

So Ian had given him the rundown. Diana wondered just how much he'd shared. Of course, he'd told her at the beginning that he and his brother didn't have any secrets from each other. She shook her head. "My mom wanted you to stay for breakfast. She was probably hoping to talk your ear off."

"Any time." Brendan leaned in, the paper bag crackling, and tipped up her chin. Startled, she opened her lips to his. He'd caught her off-guard, but his warm mouth felt so good that she couldn't think any further. 

"Brendan, I— oh." She broke off when his tongue slipped into her mouth. She could taste the faint overlay of beer on his breath. He'd definitely been out. And what about Ian? Deftly, Brendan took the book out of her hand, unhooked her glasses and set them on her desk without breaking the kiss. One large hand massaged its way over her bare shoulders. Of their own accord, her hands wandered to his hair.

"You taste good, Di," he murmured.

"So do you." Flustered, she pulled back and glanced down at the bed. The covers were sliding down her breasts, but there wasn't much point in pulling them back up in front of Brendan. "What's in the bag?"

"Your graduation present. From both of us."

"You shouldn't have." Now she was really feeling hot. "I thought you guys were going to take me out."

"That's the second part." He grinned at her. "This is the first part." Her skin popped into goosebumps from the cool night air and the suggestion in his smile. When his eyes traveled down her body appreciatively, she realized that the covers were slipping further over the swells of her round globes. She stared at the brown paper bag in his hand, looking so innocent and making her so nervous about what might be inside. "Now close your eyes and open your hand."

Good thing this was Brendan, because she'd never risk doing that with Ian. Who wasn't here. 

Slowly, she closed her eyes. She opened her hand. 

Something smooth and narrow pressed into her palm. Her fingers closed over a firm, slender shape: bulging in the middle, tapered at one end, flared at the other. 

"What is this?" Her eyes popped open.

Brendan started to laugh. "Something you'll like." He began rubbing her leg again, sending a shiver through her.

Diana turned the shiny pink silicone over in her hand, perplexed. She recognized the material, at least. "A weird, less-satisfying dildo?"

"Try again. I don't think it'll be less satisfying." A teasing smile played over his face. And Diana couldn't believe she'd gotten to the point with Brendan where she could talk about these things with him.

She peered at the toy again — it had to be some kind of toy — feeling very naive. It didn't look completely unfamiliar. Yes...she had seen a shape like this when she bought her dildo online, scrolling through the website with her fantasies spiraling out of control — in the dead of night, of course, while procrastinating on a paper. Suddenly, she knew.

"Oh my God. Brendan—"

They'd bought her a butt plug. Why did they— How could they— She forced herself to stare right at Brendan's amused hazel eyes, embarrassment and excitement running down her body. "I don't believe you guys. Is this a joke?"
