 Blue ink looped across the paper in front of Diana. Her own pen was writing, and she was the one making it move. But she couldn't say what words she'd scrawled in her notebook, or what her AP World History class was so busy discussing right now. She'd just made some brilliant comment, and she couldn't even remember what it was.

What day was today, anyway? Wednesday. Three more days of classes before her last-ever round of high school finals, eight days until graduation and freedom, and four days since she'd given her virginity on a silver platter to the boys next door.

She didn't expect anything more to happen between her and the twins. She couldn't. She might be inexperienced, but no way was she naive enough to consider that crazy, intensely hot, and totally unexpected weekend to be anything more than a hookup. With breakfast. The two of them had decided to help her out for old times' sake, and that was all. 

She did have to admit that, back at school, she'd felt less shy about meeting boys' eyes, even having short conversations. It couldn't hurt that none of the guys at school were really in the twins' league, or that since the weekend, she'd been more ragingly horny than ever before, too distracted to worry about being awkward.

Diana shook her head, flipping to a fresh page in her notebook and listening to the argument about some year BCE with half an ear. Brendan had at least been polite enough to call on Monday evening. Of course she'd been doing dishes in the kitchen after dinner, and of course he'd called the landline and gotten her mother.

"Brendan!" Her mother had sounded surprised, but pleased. When Diana had come home from the O'Brians' house the day before, her parents had commented on how nice it was to rekindle old friendships. "I'm so glad you called. I wanted to thank you for looking out for Diana this weekend." A pause. "Yes, I know she's all grown up, but parents do worry about their only daughter when they're away." 

Diana almost choked, covering up her laughter with a fit of coughing when her mother glanced at her.

"Yes, of course, Ian too," her mother said grudgingly in response to something on Brendan's side. "I'm sure you were both very hospitable."

And the conversation just went on from there. Diana did her best to linger over loading the dishwasher and wiping down the counters while she eavesdropped, wondering why the hell Brendan was chatting up her mother. From her mom's half of the conversation, which involved three-quarters of the talking, it sounded like she was catching up on Brendan's entire life story from his past two years at UConn, and he was asking all about her yoga classes and her knitting club. Diana could only marvel.

"Oh, you want to talk to Diana?" her mother asked. Like it was an afterthought. "She's right here." Beaming, her mother held out the phone. "He's such a nice boy," she stage-whispered to Diana. "If he and Ian weren't twins, I'd wonder if they were even related."

Diana took the phone like it was a hot ember, wondering if she could casually bring it into her bedroom — or if that would raise her mom's suspicions — or if Brendan would unleash a stream of dirty talk about her sweet pussy and get off on knowing she was trying to keep it together in front of her mother — 

She needn't have worried. The entire conversation was disappointingly wholesome. Brendan asked about her finals and said he hoped she had time to relax. She managed a question or two about the internship he was starting in a couple of weeks, some financial job somewhere that involved wearing a tie. He mentioned casually that Ian would be working at the gym nearby, which would involve not getting up early. Diana made a noncommittal response. Should she give Brendan her cell number? Play it cool? Which was more of a turn-on, Brendan in a tie or Ian in a tank top? Was this going anywhere at all outside her head?

While she debated, her dress starting to feel uncomfortably hot, he asked, "Do you want to talk to Ian too? He's right here."

"Um," she said. Her throat was dry now. Her mother was busy sorting through library books on the dining room table, humming. She heard Brendan's muffled voice on the other end, impossible to understand, and some brief response from Ian.

"Another time." Brendan was back on the phone. "Talk to you later, Di. Sweet dreams tonight."

And that had been it. Diana tuned in briefly to Ms. Fielding's imploring voice, begging everyone to organize their thoughts before they wrote their essays for their final, then tuned out again. Obviously, Brendan had called because that was the nice thing to do after you talked a girl into a threesome with you and your twin brother, and he was a nice guy. At least, most of the time. And if Ian didn't have the decency to even get on the phone, two days after he'd taken her virginity — well, that was about what she'd expect from Ian.

They probably teamed up to seduce a new girl each weekend, and were already trotting off to make their next conquest. But she couldn't help reliving every single burning minute of their time together — the pool, the treehouse, their parents' bed, the kitchen — and imagining more. Even as she told herself sternly to focus, right here, right now, in her mind she was on her hands and knees at the front of the classroom, taking Brendan's impossibly slow, deep, sensuous thrusts from behind while she swirled her tongue around Ian's pulsing cock. When Brendan began caressing her clit and Ian gripped her hair with his hands, she clenched her thighs together in her seat, pushed her glasses casually up her nose, and smoothed down her strawberry-printed skirt over her knees — the kind of clothing that had earned Ian's "librarian-on-crack" comment. 

When she glanced to the side, she saw Alex Noriega, the boy next to her, checking out her full breasts. It was the sort of thing that would have made her expire of shame three days ago, unable to meet his eyes or talk to him for the rest of the year, but now, with lust arrowing through her body, it just made her stomach lurch with excitement. She watched Alex calmly until he glanced up and met her eyes. Their gaze held for a minute before he looked away first— him, not her. 

As soon as the bell rang, she gathered her books and sped to the nearest restroom, where she leaned against the wall in the furthest stall from the door, reached inside her damp panties, and stroked her swollen clit, trying not to moan. God, her pussy was so hot and wet, and oh yes, Alex was on his knees in front of her, his head under her skirt, lapping up her cream as she purred and stroked his head. When she was about to come, she pushed him away and— jesus, Brendan's cock was sinking into her again, filling her, stretching her eager cunt, while Ian grunted about how fucking good her tongue felt on his shaft and flooded her mouth with hot cum.

She shuddered, her thighs trembling, as Brendan teased her clit with aching patience and murmured about what a good girl she was. Yessss...his thrusts were getting deeper, almost painful and so very good. She bit her fist to keep from shrieking as she came, her whole body spasming and her still-tender pussy clenching tightly while she circled her clit until she was limp against the wall of the stall.

As she washed her hands and splashed water on her cheeks, her ears ringing from the three girls gossiping about last week's prom by the tampon machine, sanity slowly returned. Her friends, who knew nothing about the weekend, would be waiting for her outside the cafeteria, tapping their feet over her lateness. She needed to be careful. She might be a ball of lust right now, and Alex might be cooperative in her fantasy, but who knew what signals she might send out to him or any other boys at school if she didn't watch herself — or how they'd react? 

*******

At eleven-thirty that night, Diana was well into the same hot date she'd been enjoying for the past few nights — and most of her time in high school, if she was being honest: comfy in her bedroom, perched at her desk, with her books and papers for company. A few candles and mellow indie rock on her record player set the mood. 

Her friends were busy meeting for a study session at someone else's house, and she'd thought about going, but she always studied better alone. It was easier to focus. And right now, she needed that focus. Fantasizing about boys was the last thing she had time for. Thankfully, she'd snapped back into the groove. She was calm, she was collected, and she was deep into calculus, working out one practice problem after another, absent-mindedly chewing on one of the oatmeal-chocolate-chip cookies she'd baked that afternoon to give herself a break. A dozen more cookies were piled on a plate next to her. She knew she'd go through them all before she was done tonight, along with the giant mug of iced coffee next to her calc textbook. If she was lucky, she'd wrap up studying around one am.

A light knock at her window interrupted her scratching pencil. Must be the huge tree outside, whipping its branches against the glass. Ignoring it, she took off her glasses and leaned back in her wooden chair with her eyes closed, arching her back to get the kinks out and rubbing her forehead. Two more knocks. Was the tree really doing that? It wasn't even windy outside.

Opening her eyes, she started when she saw the smiling face outside her window. A gorgeous male face with dimples showing. Her stomach lurched. One of the twins had climbed the tree and was looking right at her, expectantly, through the glass. 

She couldn't believe it. Brendan and Ian had climbed up to her window a few times when they were kids — she'd done it, too — but it had been a long, long time since anyone scaled those branches. She tried to keep her hand from shaking as she tugged the window open.

"Hey," he whispered. Brendan. The cleft in his chin told her that, plus the friendly expression. "Can we come in?"

We. They were both outside. Oh, boy. 

"I'm busy," she managed.

"We just want to say hi. We know you're studying so hard."

Diana breathed in and out. Already, her thighs clenched together, just from seeing him and hearing his voice. Her nipples, suddenly hard, poked against her constraining bra. Her pussy ached unmistakably.

"Just for a minute. I still have a lot to do."

Nervously, she took the screen off the window and set it by her desk. Brendan climbed in surprisingly easily, maneuvering his long body through the window. He leaned over her desk, looking over the pencil-scrawled papers.

"Calc with Mr. Bertell? I had him for Trig. He's a good teacher."

"He's decent," she managed. Outside, branches creaked. She could only imagine Ian swinging himself up through the tree. 

"You're going to ace your final." Brendan grinned at her and dropped a hand on her shoulder. Her whole arm prickled from the touch. "I can tell." He moved behind her, finding her other shoulder and kneading out the knots with long, sure strokes. 

Sweat gathered under her arms, and her dress felt much too hot. The strawberry-printed cotton was practically asking to be peeled off. 

"Well, thanks," she murmured. She started as Ian's bulk appeared in her window, her whole body tightening. He dropped to the floor, more gracefully than he had any right to, and rolled his eyes at the papers on her desk.

"You already got into Yale. Blow off your finals. Live it up for once."

"Colleges still look at grades." Her throat was dry now, and her voice sounded hoarse to her ears. If Brendan in her bedroom made her nervous, Ian sent her adrenaline into overdrive. And the two of them together... Jesus, her parents were right downstairs. Quickly, she put her glasses back on and started writing again, even though the stream of symbols coming out of her pencil was total gibberish. "And I like to do my best."

"I like to do my best," Ian imitated in a high voice, picking up a cookie and tossing it into his mouth whole.

"Shut up," Diana mumbled automatically, trying to focus on the papers in front of her. Brendan hadn't stopped massaging her back. He was really taking his time, and he was much too good at it. She hadn't even realized how stiff she was. At least Ian was back to being Ian, instead of confusing her with hangover cures and breakfast. She could deal with bickering back and forth like little kids — just barely. "I'm trying to take a derivative."

"I hear that's illegal in most states."

Diana bit her lip to keep from laughing. Ian looked pleased. He scooped up a handful of papers from her desk and held them out the open window. "Hate for you to get in trouble. How about I take care of these for you?"

"Only if you want your balls wrapped around your neck," she snapped, too annoyed now to be nervous.

Brendan chuckled softly behind her. He was still rubbing her shoulders, his fingers slipping under the collar of her shirt now and then to tease her bare skin. She couldn't help sucking in her breath.

"That's more like it." Grinning, Ian tossed the papers back on her desk and loped around her room. His gaze swept the stacks of LPs next to her record player. "Poser."

"I like records." Her stomach lurched as Brendan's hands moved up her neck to tangle in her hair, rubbing the back of her head.

"You're living in the past." Ian had already moved on to her dresser. He picked up the framed photos of Diana with her friends and inspected them. "Do you see these people? Or do you all sit alone in your bedrooms and study all night?"

"Ian, stop touching my stuff." He'd done this when they were little kids too, Diana remembered with growing irritation. He'd gone through her things when the twins came over, teasing her about them, until she'd informed him that he wasn't allowed in her room anymore and driven the message home with a bucket of water balanced on her door.

Instead, he hooked one finger around a hot pink thong lying on her armchair and held it in the air. "Cute."

She tried to get up, but Brendan's hands were firm and soothing on her shoulders. Not holding her down — she knew if she really tried, she could stand up — but God, his touch felt good. She just wouldn't let Ian see that he was getting to her. He tossed the panties back on the chair. 

"Now where's that dildo?"

"I'll never tell you." Her face was scarlet now. As she tensed, Brendan's palms moved down her back, then up again, loosening the kinks, making her breasts tingle and her stomach knot with excitement. God — yes, her thighs clenched when he brushed her hair off her neck and rubbed his thumb intimately over her exposed skin. Seeing Ian strolling around her room, examining and fondling everything she owned, all sleek muscles and smug masculine confidence, wasn't helping.

Before she could stop herself, she sighed and leaned back into Brendan's hands.

"That's it," he said gently. "Relax. Take a break."

"I need to study," she whispered.

"You will." 

"You have a lot to learn, baby." Ian was rooting through her drawers now. "And it doesn't all come out of a book."

"Get out of there," she hissed. But he'd already opened her underwear drawer, pawing through the tiny colored panties, the generous lacy bras, the garter belt that she'd bought out of curiosity and worn as the world's best-kept secret under her knee-length dresses. 

"Goddamn, you have a lot of sexy underwear for such a shy little girl. Found it!" He held up the purple dildo, which looked obscene in his hand, and grinned evilly at her. "Why don't you give us a show?"

"No way." Her voice dropped to a whisper. Brendan's hands sent shivers down her spine, and it was all she could do to keep from thrusting her breasts toward his palms and begging him to release them from her tight bra. Ian's hazel eyes, raking over her body, sent waves of hot and cold over her from top to bottom.

"Why?" Ian crossed to her, planted his palms on her desk, and leaned over, right in her face. "Are you scared, baby? Scared you'll like it too much? That the good girl will turn into a hot little slut who just needs to come in front of us?"

Oh my God. She was starting to squirm in her wooden chair, rubbing her swollen pussy against the hard seat.

"We'll help you," Brendan murmured. A moan escaped Diana's mouth as he kissed her neck and sucked lightly on her flushed skin. As he sucked harder, his fingers deftly worked the top button at the back of her dress through its buttonhole. Another button, and another... Lust was taking over her body. She wanted to let her eyes slide closed, but she made herself keep them open.

"No," she said.

"No?"

Brendan's hands paused at the fourth button. Ian, still leaning over her, blinked. It was satisfying to see the startled expression on his face. Probably the first time a girl had ever told him no.

"I don't need anyone's help." Her face had to be redder than ever, and embarrassed as she was, her body felt even more hot and aroused. She forced herself to look Ian in the eye, trying to sear through him with her gaze the way he was doing to her. "I'll do this myself."

Brendan let go, stepping back. She couldn't see his expression, but she felt a lot more exposed without his hands on her and his presence at her back. She stared up at Ian's challenging face, one eyebrow raised, his grin mocking her.

Defiantly, she reached back and undid the fourth button, then the fifth, drawing it out and telling her hands not to shake. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Brendan walk around her to lean against her desk, his eyes moving over her appreciatively. 

Undressing herself in front of the twins was nothing like letting them unlace her swimsuit while she was half-drunk, or waking up already naked in bed with them. She felt incredibly exposed as the back of her dress gaped open. Slowly, she slipped the sleeves down her arms, revealing her red and white polka-dotted bra. Her creamy cleavage spilled over the top, creating a deep valley between her oversized breasts. At least, she'd always considered them oversized, but the look of hunger on Ian's face and aroused enjoyment on Brendan's face sent hot prickles of excitement and need through her full globes and right to her nipples. 

Both twins leaned back against her desk now, their eyes traveling over her body and taking in every inch of exposed skin. Without their hands on her, their eyes burned her soft flesh everywhere they moved. 

Her cheeks were crimson again, heat and embarrassment flushing her face, but she slowly reached behind her back, grasped the hook and eye fastening, and undid her bra. Oh — it felt so good to expose her heavy breasts. Cool air soothed her hard nipples, puckered with excitement. 

She could feel both twins' gazes like fingers, caressing her needy swells, and shuddered with arousal. Ian's eyes darkened with lust when he saw that shudder. He fisted his hands and pushed them in his pockets. Oh God — he was trying to keep his hands off her. Brendan's eyes were half-closed, a little smile playing over his lips as he watched her undress. He looked — proud of her. Approving. Letting her bra dangle from one finger, she handed it to him. He dimpled, flashing white teeth, and laid it on her desk. When her eyes met Ian's, he licked his lips — slowly, deliberately. Diana could practically feel his determined tongue snaking over her tight buds and heavy breasts, slithering a path between her thighs to where he'd lapped up her juices on Sunday morning and sent her into spasm after quaking spasm.

A breeze from the open window, sending the candles flickering, tightened her nipples even more. Both twins' eyes were riveted to the rosy buds. Her hands trembling a little, she took off her glasses and set them on top of her calculus homework. Her legs barely supported her as she stood to let her dress fall over her rounded hips and onto the floor. Stepping out of the bright puddled fabric, she lay down on her bed. 
