 Sierra hung back in the locker room, watching as her fellow dancers finished getting dressed and left. No one said a word to her-not that she expected they would, since none of them liked her at all. They hated her for being beautiful, with long jet black hair and big icy blue eyes, C-cup breasts and a tiny waist, long legs that went on for forever and a devilishly charming smile. They hated her for being the favorite, the one who brought all the guys to the games, the one who got all the attention.

Quite simply, they hated that she was so obvious about being a slut, while they had to sneak around and pretend they weren't fucking whoever took them to the movies. She would have with them being in college now, they'd be a little more open with their sexuality.

She let her lips curl into a slow smile as the last one swished past her with her nose in the air. "Bitch," Sierra muttered under her breath. She despised the trust-fund snobs as much as they despised her, but the dance squad gig was a sweet deal. Not that she really needed an excuse to find her way into the football players' locker room after dance practice, but it helped.

She waited a minute to make sure no one was going to come back and surprise her, then moved quickly across the hall and slowly pushed open the door to the boys' locker room. She heard the laughter and the sounds of running water and felt the steam roll out to her. The heat hit her and instantly made her wet.

"Hey boys!" she called out, grinning slyly as she stepped back into the inner sanctum.

There were only five of the guys still there, and they all looked up in anticipation when they heard her voice.

"Hey, Sierra," Brett drawled. The tall brunette's eyes sparkled as he shifted his hips, the towel that was loosely knotted around them dropping to the floor. Sierra licked her lips as she eagerly eyed his cock. It was still soft, but that was changing rapidly. "I was beginning to wonder if you weren't coming today."

Sierra laughed. "I plan on coming quite a bit today," she said with a wink. She walked closer to him and slid her hand down his chest and stomach, wrapping her fingers around his cock and stroking it slowly. He groaned and arched into her hand as his cock hardened.

"Fuck," he breathed. "You must have known how bad I've been craving that hot pussy of yours. I'm gonna fuck you until you can't walk."

"Promises, promises," she teased, moving back so that two of the other boys who'd walked over could start disrobing her. Evan, a short, muscled blond, slid her skirt down and then slid his hands back up her thighs, his thumbs slipping inside her pussy lips and brushing her clit, while Rick, who was large and black and had a cock to match, untied her halter top, palmed her full breasts and rubbed his thumbs in circles over her nipples. She moaned and arched her hips back, trying to get closer to their magical hands.

"Hey," Brett complained as her hand fell away from his cock. "You're here for us, not the other way around." He pushed her to her knees and thrust his hips in her face. "Start sucking."

Sierra got a secret thrill at being dominated and never objected when Brett handled her so roughly. He was the quarterback, the youngest one in the history of their college, at nineteen. The fame had given him a big head and he took it as his due that she would do whatever it took to please him, and she'd never told him otherwise.

She guided his cock to her mouth and took all eight inches in one inhale, stroking him firmly every time he pulled out and then thrust back in. Her cheeks puffed as he filled her mouth and her tongue slid over the head of his cock, teasing the slit and licking the moisture leaking from it. 

"Spread your legs," Evan urged her, and she quickly accommodated him. He lay on his back and held her thighs as he scooted under her, lifting his head so that his tongue could slide inside her pussy. She moaned as the tip slid over her clit and flicked repeatedly.

"Fuck, Sierra, your mouth feels better than ever," Brett groaned as he pumped his hips into her face, his cock disappearing into her mouth, forcing the head of it into the back of her throat.

Sierra had years of practice with deep-throating and she doubted she even had a gag reflex anymore. The invasion didn't bother her at all and she continued to suck as Brett's cock went deeper.

She saw the twins standing beside Brett and smiled at them, as much as she could with a mouth full of cock. Kellen was her personal favorite of the five guys currently in the locker room, not because he had the biggest cock, but because he was as interested in getting her off as he was in getting off himself. She hadn't fucked Kaden in over a year, but she remembered him as being as generous as his brother when it came to pleasing her.

Evan's tongue was working her pussy thoroughly and she cried out around Brett's cock, her hips rolling frantically, trying to get closer to the fingers that had worked their way inside her. Evan thrust three fingers up into her with every lick of her clit and she could feel herself on the edge of orgasm.

Rick, the oldest of them all at twenty-five, had replaced his hands with his mouth and was alternately sucking her nipples between his teeth and pinching them with his fingers. Sierra's pussy was throbbing and she knew she was about to come.

She pulled her mouth off Brett's cock and gasped, "Fuck, I'm gonna-Oh, God!" she screamed, her pussy clenching and releasing around Evan's fingers and her juices spilling onto his eagerly waiting tongue.

She slumped a little but was immediately lifted off of Evan's face by Rick. Brett lay down on the wet cement floor and she was lowered back down until her pussy closed around his cock. She moaned as his length filled her and immediately started pumping upward. 

Kellen and Evan stood on either side of Brett's head, their cocks hard and jutting out. She leaned forward and grabbed them, sucking first one into her mouth and then the other, stroking them and licking them while they groaned in ecstasy. They thrust into her face just as Brett had done a few minutes earlier, so eager that they didn't care that their cocks rubbed against each other as they fought to push between her lips.

Sierra felt a strong hand on her back, pushing her even farther down onto Brett's pistoning cock, and moments later felt a large cock pressing against her asshole. She turned to look over her shoulder at Rick, who was straddling Brett's legs and leaning over her. She cried out loudly as Rick pushed his cock into her ass, his thick ten inches slowly going deeper until he was nearly buried to the hilt. 

"Fuck, Rick, fuck my ass," she begged, riding Brett hard and pumping Kellen's and Evan's cocks into her mouth. 

"Sure thing, sweetness," he drawled, grabbing her hips before pulling out slowly and then driving back in. Sierra screamed as wave after wave of sensation crashed over her. She could feel Brett's cock grinding into her pussy and Rick's cock pumping into her ass and she came again, her wail of pleasure vibrating against Evan's cock as it filled her mouth.

Evan couldn't take it anymore and pulled out, allowing Kellen's to take its place. He jerked his cock rapidly and a stream of cum shot out, splattering over Sierra's cheek. Brett looked up just as Evan's cum dripped onto the floor and he exhaled a sharp breath.

"Fuck, Sierra, I'm about to fill that sweet pussy full of cum," Brett yelled, his cock plunging into her faster and faster. Sierra felt like she could barely hold on as his cock began erupting, his cum shooting into her pussy over and over again.

She didn't even have time to relax before Rick rolled onto his back, taking her with him so that his cock never left her ass. He wrapped his large hands around her waist and held her up so that she could ride his cock hard, crying out loudly each time it drove deeper into her ass.

Kellen immediately dropped to his knees and pushed his cock into her pussy, filling it up so that Brett's cum ran out and down, dripping onto Rick's balls as he continued to thrust his cock into her ass.

Sierra writhed and cried out as she came again on Kellen's pumping cock. She was exhausted but so delirious from pleasure that she barely noticed. 

"Fuck, baby, I'm gonna come!" Rick shouted, and she felt the rush of heat as he filled her ass with cum. She could feel it ooze back out and pool into the hollow above the base of Rick's cock, and she settled against it, loving the slippery feel against her skin.

He continued to thrust lightly while Kellen pumped into her pussy and she spread her legs wide, letting him go deeper. With all of the action it didn't take long for Kellen to reach his limit.

"Oh God, Sierra," he moaned, and she reached up to lick his nipples. 

"Come for me," she moaned, clenching her pussy around his cock.

He didn't need any more encouragement and pulled out, standing up quickly and pumping his cum onto her breasts. Thick white streams dripped off her nipples and he sank back to his knees, exhausted.

Sierra felt Rick gently lift her off of his cock and then lay her down on Brett's discarded towel. She looked up and grinned faintly as Brett, Evan, Rick, and Kellen gently wiped their cocks clean.

Her gaze landed on Kaden, a medium-height Asian guy, whom she'd forgotten was even there. "You mean to tell me you didn't take a turn?" she asked teasingly.

He glanced down at the cum dripping from her well-used pussy and collecting on the floor. "I have a girlfriend," was all he said.

"Oh come on, Kaden!" the other four immediately protested. "You don't turn down pussy this sweet," his twin objected, shaking his head. "Your girlfriend isn't even that hot."

"Or good in bed," Brett added with a laugh. 

Kaden shook his head. "I don't cheat," he said firmly, ignoring Brett's comment.

Kellen rolled his eyes. "Then dump her," he instructed. "You've been with her almost a year, anyway. Time to move on."

Kaden looked down at Sierra, who was grinning mischievously up at him but otherwise remaining silent. He was clearly wavering.

"Boys, lift me up," she said suddenly. Rick and Evan got on one side of her and Kellen and Brett got on the other side. They lifted her into the air and spread her legs so that her pussy was on Kaden's eye level. "Just try it," she coaxed. She remembered vividly the last time they'd had sex and hoped he did, too.

Glancing warily at his brother, Kaden took a step forward. She felt his hands on the inside of her thighs and blood rushed to her head when he dipped his face and flicked his tongue over her pussy.

The other four cheered as his tongue dipped between her lips and slowly slid in and out. He picked up speed until he was fucking her pussy with his tongue, rubbing his thumb in circles over her clit.

"Fuck!" she screamed as she convulsed in mid-air, supported only by the arms of the four boys who'd already taken their turns in her pussy. 

She went limp in their arms and expected to be set back on the ground, but Kaden wrapped his arms around her waist and nodded at the other guys to let go. She slid her legs around his waist and he took a few steps forward until her back was against the cool tile wall. He smiled darkly at her as he slipped his six inch cock into her pussy and began rotating his hips slowly, pinning her to the wall with every stroke.

"Oh God, Kaden," she moaned, her back arching as she took him in deeper. She grabbed his shoulders and held on while he thrust against her. One hand came up to pinch her nipples and she cried out.

He dropped his hand again and gripped her hips tightly while he started plunging into her faster and faster. She writhed against the tile, aching to reach the bliss that was just out of her reach.

"Are you ready to come harder than you ever have before?" he breathed, his lips right next to her ear.

She nodded in a daze, unable to speak. Her heart was pounding so hard she didn't know how she'd survive another orgasm.

Kaden lifted her away from the wall and braced his legs, holding her in mid-air while he continued to pump his cock into her pussy as fast as humanly possible. She felt herself split apart as white-hot lightning speared into her. She screamed as she convulsed over and over again, orgasm after orgasm sending her pussy into spasms.

She was only dimly aware when his cock began gushing cum into her soaking, dripping, well-used pussy. He lowered her to the ground and her legs trembled as she attempted to stand upright.

Rick, Evan, and Kellen took warm wet towels and cleaned her off while Brett stood with his arms crossed over his chest and smirking at them. "See you tomorrow, Sierra?" he asked with a snicker.

She grinned tiredly as she pulled on her skirt and halter top. "See you tomorrow."