 CJ sat quietly next to Andrea in a large back booth at Muy FiFi. Muy FiFi was a fusion Mexican/French restaurant in West Hollywood. Everyone was there, Sal was sitting with Irene. Andi and Gene were there. She was a little afraid that Marie and Randy would show up but they didn't. Sal was buying drinks and CJ had something called a Mexican flag flaming in front of her. It was red, white and green and the waiter had lit it on fire before he flamboyantly sat it in front of her. Sal picked his up and blew out the flame and drank it in one shot.

They all followed suit and CJ thought it tasted pretty nasty. Definitely not something she would order again. She dropped her hand to her lap and pretended to be interested in whatever it was that Gene was talking about. She couldn't concentrate on what he was saying something about Japanese pussy and a girl he knew named Kiko. She pulled her miniskirt up enough that she could work her finger inside the leg of her panties to begin rubbing herself. It felt good and she tuned Eugene and his pathetic story out. She closed her eyes and concentrated on pleasuring herself. 

When she came, she had her finger deep in her pussy, tapping her G-spot. She gasped and writhed and let the sensation sweep her away. She sat for awhile and enjoyed the glow before she realized that Andrea was talking to her. Her eyes blinked open.

"CJ... CJ... Oh my God," Andrea said, "That looked fun!" She reached down for CJ's hand and brought it up under her nose. "Mmmm," she turned her attention to the others, "Guys, we might have to go home soon."

CJ blushed and flashed her lopsided grin.

"That's it kids," Andrea said, "I need to take this girl home and fuck her brains out."

"Want some help?" Gene asked.

"Not tonight, big guy," Andrea said, "I think I can handle this one."

Andrea held CJ's hand on the way out to the lot and then held the car door open for her. She walked around and got in the driver's seat and buckled her belt.

CJ looked over at her and put her finger in her mouth. She flashed that crooked smile again.

"What?" Andrea asked.

"Wanna pick up some boys on the way home?" CJ replied.

"If you're in the mood for cock we could have gotten Eugene to come along."

"I know, but sometimes Gene can be overwhelming; I'm more in the mood for just a normal sized dick. One that I can fit all the way in my mouth and that won't stretch my pussy all out of shape."

Andrea put her hands on the wheel and looked in her rearview. "You know, that doesn't sound like a bad idea. Can we get one each?"

"Sure! Where do you want to go find them?"

"The beach is usually a sure fire place."

"Yeah, but those beach boys are all the same. Kinda airheads, let's think of something different. A hardware store maybe? The Junior College? Just not the beach or a bar, I don't want to go to a bar."

They found a lot of fat old guys at the Home Depot so they left. There was a Whole Foods in the same lot so they figured they'd give that a try. There were quite a few really good looking men there and they talked to a few, who appeared interesting at first but turned out to be gay. Just as they were about to give up Andrea spotted a tall thin ginger haired man at the meat counter. She unbuttoned the top three buttons of her blouse, pushed her B-cup tits up, and headed over for one last shot. She actually crashed into him, knocking his shopping basket out of his hands. Organic oranges were rolling all over the floor, and they both scrambled to pick them up. 

"I'm so sorry," she said, and made sure that when he looked up he was looking right down her shirt. He took a long hard look.

OK, she thought to herself - not gay - that's good. She tried to figure out her best approach; and as she looked into his deep green eyes she decided to play it straight with him. She wanted to lick the spray of freckles that ran across his nose. He was very good looking.

"I'm so sorry about your oranges," she said.

"I know you are. You already told me that." He said as he stood. Then he held out his hand to help her up. "I'm David."

She took his hand. "Andrea," she told him. "Listen, David, I wonder if you could help me out? My friend, CJ and I, She's over there... well CJ and I are kind of looking for men and, well, you're a man, so we were hoping you could help us out."

"What do these men you're searching for look like?" he asked with a serious look on his face.

"They could look like you," she said, "we're kinda looking to get laid."

"Ahh, I see. Tell me more."

"Well, we have a wish list," she said. "We don't want men who're just pretty boys. Conversationalists would be nice, but they should be good looking too. And fit."

"And you find me to be good looking enough?" he asked.

"Oh yes, yes I do. And you also seem to be intelligent, educated."

"Any other criteria?" he grinned.

"Well, yes there is one more thing." She flushed a bit, "They should have just normal sized cocks. No large angry monsters. How big is your dick?"

"Hmmm," he mused and looked around the store. He pointed at the display of spicy Italian sausage in the meat counter. "'Bout like that, I'm afraid. Certainly not a trophy, but nothing to be ashamed of either."

"That's probably the perfect size. Would you be interested?" Andrea asked. "Do you know anybody else like you?"

"Not only am I interested but I'm eager," he said, "and my brother lives just up the street. We can go there and I'll cook us some dinner and see where the evening takes us, shall we?"

Andrea beckoned CJ over and introduced her to David. He shook her hand and asked the butcher to wrap up four of the Italian sausages which he put in his basket. CJ studied his ass.

It turned out that David's brother did indeed live just up the street and he had walked to the market so, they all piled into the girl's car and drove two blocks. On instructions from David, Angela parked in front of a mid-century modern apartment complex painted white and dark brown with a lava rock fascia. Large white script letters mounted on the lava rock declared the place to be the "Brentwood Arms". The girls followed David through a security gate and past the pool. He opened the door to apartment 108 and they all went inside.

A voice from the kitchen called, "That you David?"

"It is," David called back, "and we have guests."

David's brother stepped back and peered at them over the bar. The boys were identical twins.

"Oh my God," muttered CJ under her breath, "this is perfect."

##

"Wonderful," the brother said, "My name is Rowan." He smiled with the same smile David had.

"I'm CJ and this is Andrea."

"Well what are you ladies up to today? Did my brother lure you up here by promising to show you his etchings?"

"There was kind of an implied promise to show us something," Andrea broke in. "Something about the size of an Italian sausage. There was also mention of a home cooked dinner."

Rowan got a puzzled look on his face and looked over at David, who just smiled. "I picked up some sausages and thought we could make a pasta with tomato sauce for dinner. I bought some oranges for dessert."

"Of course, that sounds great," Rowan said.

"I'll cook," said David, "while you entertain our guests." The boys traded places with David going into the kitchen and Rowan coming out.

"Can I get you something to drink?" he asked, "Wine, beer, water, soda?"

"Oh, water for me," piped up CJ.

"Me too," echoed Andrea.

"Sparkling OK?" Rowan asked. "Have a seat. Make yourselves comfortable."

He brought the water out and found Andrea sitting on the edge of the recliner while CJ was studying book spines on the shelves. Checking out his collection. Andrea took the proffered green bottle of Perrier and he set CJ's on the coffee table. Then he took a seat on the sofa.

"Why don't you tell me what's up?" he asked of neither girl in particular. "What is it that we're supposed to show you."

"Well, it's a little embarrassing and highly presumptuous but we were hoping you would let us see you naked." CJ said, as she turned to face him.

Rowan stammered, taken aback. David peered from the kitchen over the bar and laughed.

"Let me start at the beginning," CJ went on. "Andrea and I are a couple. We're in a committed relationship and we live together in Hollywood. Our relationship is an open relationship though; and if we both agree we have been known to invite others to join us for sex from time to time. This afternoon we were having drinks with friends and I got really horny so we decided to leave and do something about it.

"Our friend Eugene offered to come along with us but we turned him down. His dick is huge and sometimes it is just too much of a good thing, if you know what I mean. It can be fun once and a while but too much for a steady diet. Anyway he's with Andi. She's big too, big but not fat. She's beautifully proportioned with massive tits that I can get lost between. She and Eugene fit together perfectly."

Andrea picked up the narrative, "On the way to the car CJ suggested we try to pick up some boys. Smart boys, good looking boys, fit boys, boys with normal sized cocks. We met David at the Whole Foods and although we haven't seen his dick yet, he told us it is normal sized. We asked him if he knew anyone else and he told us about you. He didn't tell us that you guys were twins. I find that particularly intriguing. "Anyway we'll show you ours and you can show us yours. If everyone likes what they see we can eat dinner and maybe fuck after. I sure hope you can agree, Rowan. You are both fit and attractive. You seem to be well read and articulate. I just hope you don't have huge cocks."

CJ looked at Rowan's lap and noticed a bulge in his jeans. She inclined her head and said, "What I can see so far looks perfect. Would you like to see my tits?" she asked him.

"David? is this for real?" he yelled into the kitchen.

"I believe it is." Came back the response.

"Good God, this is like a fucking dream come true. It's not even my birthday" He looked back at CJ who was pulling her top over her head. When she got it off she ruffled her hair with her fingers and stood there wearing only a small bra, her white mini-skirt and shoes. She unhooked her bra and dropped it to the floor. Rowan took a deep breath when he saw her small tits and rosy nipples. Her nipples were protruding and stuck out to about the size of the end of her little finger. She put her hands behind her back and let him look for a good long while. David was staring, open mouthed, at CJ from the kitchen and Andrea's head was swiveling back and forth between CJ and Rowan. She had a big grin on her face.

Finally CJ broke the trance, "Your turn, Rowan; take off your shirt."

He was wearing a pull over golf shirt. Short sleeved. Light green. He stood and lifted it over his head, then dropped it on the couch. CJ was happy to see that he was not a hairy man, although there was a bit around his nipples and under his arms. He had a splash of red hair peeking out from the top front of his jeans. Not a beefy man, but he had some definition in his abs and biceps. He would probably be described as 'wiry'. 

She looked at him for a while, nodded her head kicked off her shoes and pushed her skirt down to the floor. Now she wore only light blue French cut panties. Turning around she put her hands on her hips and bent slightly at the waist. She pushed the panties down with her skirt and looked over her shoulder at the bulge in Rowan's jeans. He was staring at her ass and when she turned around he could see her well groomed thatch of pubic hair with her pussy peeking out from behind. She let him look and then slowly turned around one more time. 

Rowan sat back down on the couch and removed his shoes and socks, placing them neatly under the front of the sofa. He stood back up and undid the button at his waist before pulling the zipper down and stepping on the legs of his jeans, one at a time to remove them. He wore dark blue briefs and CJ smiled at the way they were tented in the front. He was still staring at her and appeared to have forgotten what he was doing so she came around and hooked her thumbs in the waistband of his shorts. She pushed them down and smiled. He had an unruly patch of red pubic hair and a stiff boner, about 6 inches long protruded straight out from the middle of it. His dick curved slightly to the right. CJ stepped back for a full view and signaled him to turn around; he did and when his back was to her she touched his ass. It was hard, she approved, and she told him so.

"Well, I like what I see Rowan, what do you think?"

"I think, I'm the luckiest man in the world." He responded.

CJ gave a thumbs up to Andrea as David came out from the kitchen. He was already naked and both girls smiled. They were truly twins, identical in every way with one exception. David's penis curved left where Rowan's curved right. 

Andrea was admiring the boys when she suddenly realized that everyone was looking at her. "What?" she asked and then realized that she was the only one who wasn't naked. She quickly rectified that without ceremony or teasing, just got out of her kit as quickly as possible. All four of them stood looking at each other.

"I'm in." said Andrea.

"Me too," said David. "I think that makes it unanimous." There was a long pause, "so what do we do now?" he asked. "I know I said we'd eat first but I'm finding it really hard to think about food, right now. You girls are amazing."

"Well Jeez," Andrea answered, "twins! I'm getting really wet. Maybe some oral sex will take the edge off and then we can have dinner. If everybody's game after that then we can take it to the next level." She sat back down on the recliner and put her heels up on the arms of the chair. Both boys moved towards her but CJ grabbed Rowan's arm and gestured toward the couch. She lay down with her legs spread, one on the floor and the other on the sofa back. He turned and put his head between them and dangled his cock in front of her face. She put her lips around the head of his dick and swirled her tongue in circles while he used his lips and tongue to toy with her labia.

##

David stared at Andrea as he moved across the carpet on his knees in the direction that his cock was pointing. As he lowered his head she wrapped her hands behind it and pulled him in, even as she raised her hips in anticipation. Andrea had high hopes for this guy.

He didn't disappoint either; she pulled him close and wrapped her legs over his shoulders. He started with light kisses and tonguing. When she came everything went dark and then transformed suddenly, dramatically, to bright white light, as though there had been an explosion. She squeezed his head with her thighs and raised her pelvis even higher. Her entire body was shaking when she finally had to push him away. She pushed him to the floor, on his back, took a deep breath, and placed her lips on the tip of his dick. He moaned as she slid her mouth down his shaft. He came quickly. The first spurt deep in the back of her throat, as he gathered the next spurt she pulled back and took two with her lips wrapped only around the head and her tongue working furiously. The last three, smaller volume spasms she pointed at her tits then she slid her hand slowly up the length of his cock to work out the last couple drops. She licked these from the end of his cock and then looked at CJ and Rowan. She massaged his cum into her tits while she studied the other two.

Cum was flowing from the corner of CJ's mouth which engulfed Rowan's entire cock and a low contented sound was emanating from somewhere deep inside her. Her legs were wrapped around his head and she was bucking up and down in ecstasy. Finally Rowan tried to pull his cock away from her mouth, but she hung on to it shamelessly. At that moment Andrea wondered what it must feel like to have a dick and spurt cum. It must be delicious, she thought; look at these guys. When CJ and Rowan finally separated from one another, all four of the lovers lay on the floor, exhausted. 

Finally David got up and walked naked towards the kitchen. "I'll go get dinner on the table." He said. That left three of them on the floor. CJ was on her back with her feet flat on the carpet and he knees up. Andrea reached over and began playing with her pussy; soon she had her head down between CJ's legs. Her arms splayed to the sides and on her knees, ass up. Rowan watched the girls make love for awhile and then scooted behind Andrea. He touched her butt and she moved her legs apart to accommodate him. She was still wet and his reinvigorated boner slid easily, deep into her pussy.

This was a slow comfortable fuck. The sense of urgency had dissipated with the oral sex before and they were all still locked together, rocking gently when David came out of the kitchen to tell them that dinner was ready.

"Mmmm," CJ said, "come here and let me suck you."

"I'm not hard," he said.

CJ smiled easily and comfortably, "you will be soon enough."

He came over and caressed her tits while he kneeled over her face. She started with her tongue on his balls and ass. Everybody climaxed a second time and they moved to the table to eat. They ate naked. Dinner wasn't hot anymore but it was warm enough and tasted great. The conversation was mostly small talk and talk about sex. They lingered over wine and David had some vanilla bean ice cream that they ate for dessert and they moved back into the living room and turned on the TV.

They all lay on the floor, girls in the middle and watched some dumb movie on the flatscreen. Rowan fell asleep so the girls double teamed David; Andrea writhing on his face while CJ bounced up and down on his dick till he came again. The girls then moved into 69 position and let David watch.

When he woke up in the morning the girls were gone. CJ's light blue panties were left, perhaps as a souvenir, and Rowan's dark blue briefs were gone, perhaps taken as the spoils of love.