 Thank you so much for all of the positive feedback on the first installment of this series—you really put a smile on this writer's face. That said, this and quite a few more additions were already written long before "The Breeder" was published here. So, while I'll continue to publish what's already written, I do welcome ideas that might inspire future installments.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

The door opened and she saw a familiar face, his tall, lean body entirely exposed and covered in a sheen of sweat, as though he had just been running. He stepped inside but didn't knock on the door before sauntering over to her and squatting down. "The bad news, my little she, is that I did not get you with pup," he smirked, not looking particularly upset about this information. "The good news is that for our second mating I have something special planned that I think you will very much enjoy."

With these words, he scooped her up into his strong arms and turned toward the door with a grin. "I'm taking you somewhere else, because this isn't going to work for us today."

She clung to his shoulders as he quickly navigated down a maze of lengthy hallways full of nondescript white doors. Eventually his long strides began to slow, and he shoved a black door open with his shoulder before carrying her into the space. Once inside, she could easily see that it was nearly identical to the room that they had just left: white walls, white floors. The only difference here was a mattress in the middle of the space; no blankets or sheets, no box-spring or frame—literally just a mattress.

However, on top of that mattress a handsome wolf was lying on his side and watching them approach. His brown eyes were lit with mischief as he lay entirely exposed to her view, stroking himself languidly and without an ounce of shame. Fighting not to look obvious, Melanie assessed his body curiously, and found a perfect swimmer's build with wide shoulders that tapered downward, accentuating a flat stomach and trim waist. His erection, which he did not try to hide, was thick, proudly jutting up from his abdomen as he languidly stroked himself. Instead of growing hungry at the sight, she found herself blushing profusely and then looking upward to his face. Here the brilliant sheen of his chocolatey brown irises was highlighted by a thick beard that caressed the outlines of plush pink lips.

The Alpha set her down onto the mattress and grinned. "Melanie, this is one of my Betas, Ry."

"Hi, Melanie." The new wolf purred her name with great lust, and he did not remove his hands from his own body as he stared straight into her soul and winked.

Melanie grew self-conscious, fully aware that she was now physically and emotionally naked before this new wolf, and her immediate, unconscious reaction was to curl in on herself to avoid his probing eyes. Alas, the Alpha tossed himself down beside her and unceremoniously shoved her closer to the other wolf as he stretched his long body with a yawn. "I'm fresh from a long run with the trainees and goddess am I exhausted," he sighed. 

"You can leave," the Beta chuckled. "I can handle impregnating the she-wolf on my own." 

At this, he reached out and delicately pinched her left hip and she squealed, cringing backward from his touch and inadvertently pressing herself into the Alpha. He groaned. "If you keep pushing your beautiful ass against my cock, then I'm going to shove it in you, little she."

When she gasped in response, Ry laughed at her predicament. "So, the young one doesn't like to play rough, huh?"

"She's a bit shy until you get her excited." The Alpha shook his head slowly as he ran a finger gently over Melanie's cheek, then down her jaw to tap tenderly atop her pouty bottom lip. "At least, that's how she was for me the last time we played together."

Ry rolled to face her, cupping her breasts tenderly in his large hands and smirking cruelly. "But once she's revved up, I bet she's a real whore, am I right?"

She said nothing in response, though her nipples were quickly hardening under his touch. Beside her, the Alpha began to run a hand slowly across her abdomen. "You have such a way with words, you know? I don't think Melanie here is into the dirty talk."

"Where'd she come from?" the Beta inquired as he continued to play with her flesh. "I've never seen this one before."

"She was rogue," the Alpha explained, pressing his palm down over her flat stomach. "She was found on our borders, fleeing something or someone. We were immediately able to smell that she was fertile and so we kept her for the menagerie."

Ry's grin turned up at the corners. "Has she been bred yet?"

"Once," the taller wolf smirked. "And it was quite enjoyable. Wouldn't you agree, my little one?"

Melanie's eyes were wide at the two wolf's ministrations and their conversation, one that took place as though she was not lying naked between them. She didn't respond at first, but then the Alpha prodded her. "Yes," she exhaled on a whisper as Ry continued to rub his thumbs across her sensitive nipples.

The Beta laughed. "Not very convincing, little girl. Did our Alpha not please you properly?"

She was uncomfortable with this line of questioning, suddenly desperately aware of her nudity. She hunched in on herself as best as she could without bringing her skin into direct contact with either of the wolves, and she said nothing.

The Alpha frowned. "Melanie, you do not have to be afraid or, worse yet, ashamed of your beautiful body. It pleases me, and I know it will please Ry, too. We are going to breed you today, little she. You have not been impregnated with a pup from our last rendezvous, and so it is time for you to be bred again. I thought that you might enjoy something a little different this time around to spice things up—so here we are."

Ry inched closer to her and smirked. "In other words, this guy over here doesn't think he can do the job right, so he called me in for assistance."

"Fuck off!" the other wolf laughed. 

Ry's chocolatey brown eyes twinkled with delight as he continued to speak to the she-wolf in a husky baritone that ignited all of her nerve endings. "Also, either one or both of us might have a kink for sharing she-wolves. Furthermore, one of us might be growing very hard over the thought of both of us pressing our cocks into your tight cunt at the same time, and pumping you full of so much seed that it overflows your body and gushes out onto this mattress, leaving a massive stain." 

With these words, he reached forward and grasped a strand of her hair and his smirk edged toward something devious. "Just think, pet, everyone will know what we did to you when they see that stain."

Before she could object or express any fear, the Alpha interrupted, his deep voice a lupine purr. "Don't worry, little she, we will make it pleasurable for you; there will be no pain."

"What if pain is the pleasurable part?" the other wolf quipped.

Melanie's eyes grew wide with trepidation as she heard the undiluted hunger behind the Beta's words and felt his strong erection poking at her thigh. This caused her to inch backward, connecting with the Alpha's hard, toned body yet again. He growled. "I warned you to be very careful, little one." His voice was pained as he readjusted her beside him. "If you do not want me to pin you to this mattress and sink my cock so deep that you cry out, you must stop rubbing your glorious ass all over my dick."

"That's an idea: you could fuck her ass," his Beta suggested with an amused lilt to his enchanting voice. "You love that shit, don't you?"

The Alpha made a noise deep in his chest that bubbled over into something akin to a roar. "It would be a waste of my seed and this she must be bred before sunrise. Perhaps, in the future, I can introduce her to other such pleasures."

Melanie gasped aloud when she felt him repositioning her as he spoke, jostling her onto her hip and pulling her body snug against his growing length. "Tell him that it's okay," he coaxed her softly. "Tell Ry that you want him deep inside your little body, pressed against your cervix and filling your womb with his release. Tell him that you want us both to fit inside you, that you want twice the seed swimming through your depths in search of a home so that you have twice the chance to conceive."

She made a noise, something like a tiny chirp, and quickly found herself being repositioned again. This time, the Alpha rolled onto his back, bringing her with him and situating her face down atop his long body. His strong hands clutched at her hips, holding her in place and forcing her moisture against his length. He groaned at the contact. "We're going to try something new with you, little she," his eyes beamed with delight. "I expect that it will be pleasurable, but if not, please tell us. We do not want to hurt you, only to bring you the utmost ecstasy as we fill you with our combined seed."

"Shut up!" Ry groaned, annoyed as he kneeled behind Melanie and began to run his fingertips across her already glistening sex. "You talk too much!"

The Alpha made another noise deep inside his chest, and it bubbled over and whispered across her lips. Rather than fear, she felt arousal—which may have been a direct result of Ry's touch, feather-light against her folds. She issued a cooing sound, and beneath her the Alpha grew amused. "You like that, huh?"

Melanie nodded slightly, then buried her face into his smooth chest. Behind her, the other wolf made a noise of hunger and began to speed his caresses. "She's so fucking wet already," he laughed aloud. "I love young she-wolves: they never need foreplay!"

The Alpha snorted as he ran his hands up the she-wolf's sides and then continued his way up to her scalp, tugging her hair gently. "Just fuck her, would you? I can't wait much longer like this: her perfect titties are rubbing against my chest every time she breathes and I can feel her heat against my cock." With this confession, he smiled up into Melanie's eyes.

Behind them and ignoring his superior's rambling, Ry decided that he did not need to be told twice to fuck the stunning she-wolf. As the other wolf held her attention with his intensely domineering gaze and a rough grip on her long locks, the Beta rubbed his glans between the she's sopping wet folds. The sensation caused her to bow her spine into his touch, her pleasure receptors anxious to welcome his penetration.

Realizing that she was ready for him, he slowly allowed the head of his erection to languidly sink between her folds as he managed to feed her several inches in one stroke. She gasped and mewled into the Alpha's lips as, seeing no reason to hold back any further, Ry sunk balls deep into her depths with a second stroke. When he was embedded as far into her petite body as he could be, he placed a delicate kiss between her shoulder blades and then licked her flesh. "So wet, little she," he grinned against her skin. "And tight. I'm going to have to work hard to stretch out this cunt if we're both going to fit inside, hmm?"

She circled her hips at this, a series of noises emanating from between her lips as she rubbed her pebbled nipples over the Alpha's chest. "Fuck," he rasped. "My cock fucking hurts already. Do you see what you do to me, little wolf?"

Unsure if she should respond or simply lose herself in the sensation of being fucked by the Beta, Melanie did her best to snake her hand down to the Alpha's hard cock, grasping it gently in her small hand. This made him emit a groan that was pained, and he quickly batted her hand away. "No, little one," he chastised her softly. "I won't last if you do that and I want to breed you again."

She nodded in understanding, even if her mind was floating somewhere off in the stratosphere and she was no longer capable of speech. As if understanding this fact and wanting to torment her further, the Alpha's deep voice cooed. "Tell me how he feels, tell me how he feels deep inside you."

Melanie fought hard to formulate coherent thoughts and then to put them into words. It felt impossible and she knew that anything that she said was not going to be wholly intelligent, given the fact that a thick cock was pounding into her from behind. "Stretched" was the first word that came to mind and left her lips.

"Tell me more," the Alpha demanded, his voice husky with want. 

"Can't," she mewled as one of the wolves pinched her nipples. Her body was on fire, her senses overwhelmed as her pussy was filled over and over again with the Beta's fat cock, her nipples growing so overly sensitive that just a touch brought tingles to her spine.

The wolf beneath her snorted. "Yes, you can, little she. Tell me how your cunt feels as he fucks you."

Still trying to form an entire string of words, the she-wolf blushed. "His cock is so fat that it's spreading my folds with each thrust. I can feel every vein rubbing against my walls, and it burns—but it's a good burn. He's fucking me good, Alpha."

The Alpha pressed a kiss to her lips and grinned proudly. "Good girl. How does it feel when he touches you?"

At these words, Ry snuck a hand around her hip and down between her thighs, rubbing several calloused fingers in a slow circle around her swollen clit. Her reaction was instantaneous and she jumped, crash landing back onto the Alpha's strong body with a shriek. "I think she likes that," Ry laughed as he slowed his strokes and focused on manipulating her clit more. "I think our little she likes that a lot."

Once he was content with the sound of her lusty cries and her tight body was soaking wet, the Beta returned to thrusting deep inside of her, bumping her cervix over and over while he worked his hips deliberately, in a harsh but steady rhythm. As he felt the pressure building in his own body, he growled. "Goddess fuck me, we need to try this now. I can't last!" 

With this, he pulled his entire length from her body with a wet sound, leaving her to feel cold and empty. The Alpha was quick to reorient her body, seating her atop his erection and slowly burying himself fully inside her moisture. As her body swallowed his entire length hungrily, he moaned. Grasping her hands inside his much larger ones, he directed her downward with a lascivious grin. "Lie back down, little she," he coaxed her. "Stay on top of me and keep my cock inside you, but lie down all the way. Press those perfect breasts into my flesh."

She did as he directed, her lips pressed to the space between his nipples, his erection throbbing inside her depths. Uncertain what exactly to expect, she lay with her hands wrapped around his upper arms, her legs spread around his hips and her body open wide for the Beta's visual inspection. He was kneeling behind her again, making lewd grunts and groans of pleasure as he stroked himself and devoured her visually. "Alright, here goes nothing," he finally rasped.

At first, she was entirely unaware that anything had changed. The sensation of the Alpha's long, hard length probing her sex and spreading her folds was deliciously familiar. She was only alerted to a change when he reached down between their coupled bodies and gripped his hard shaft to steady himself inside her. This realization lead her to slowly discover that there was an uncomfortable but persistent pressure growing inside her vagina, the feeling that she was a cup that was being slowly but methodically overfilled. 

As the sensation continued to build beyond an awkward fullness, she fought to circle her hips and alleviate some of the pain, but the Beta stilled her with a hand pressed firmly to her lower back. "Stay," he commanded, his voice gruff. "You'll push me out if you move."

She returned to pressing her lips against the Alpha's chest, inhaling his masculine scent as she felt her sex begin to burn. Animal noises formed between her lips as she felt the pressure escalating toward a breaking point, and she finally let out a scream when the agony became overwhelming.

Ry paused his movements immediately, and the Alpha pressed a concerned kiss to her forehead. "Are you alright, my little she?" he inquired softly. "Does it hurt?"

She nodded her head frantically, trying to wiggle away from the second wolf and his painful intrusion, but he grasped her hips to stop her. "Don't move," the Beta warned her. "I'm almost in and if you move I'll have to start over."

Melanie shook her head violently, rubbing her face across the Alpha's chest. Her nails were digging into his biceps as her breathing grew ragged and she began to panic. "It hurts! There's too much!" 

"It's going to hurt at first," Ry growled as he fought to stay inside her vaginal vice and not spill his load. "Give it a fucking chance!"

At this, the Alpha tried to calm the situation with his gentle tone. "Lay still, little she, and do what he says. I'm sorry, but it's going to sting a bit as we stretch you out; your body is not accustomed to so much cock penetrating your pussy at once. Try to relax and focus on me. Can you do that, Melanie?"

She stalled all of her movements at this, continuing to clutch tightly to his arms and sniffling. "Please make it hurt less, Alpha. Please."

"Focus and relax," he directed her with his seductive whisper. "Tell me how it feels, little one."

"It burns," she reiterated and even she thought she sounded like a petulant child.

He laughed. "No, describe everything that you feel, little she; each movement, each sensation. Tell me, what are you feeling right now?"

She tried to steady her voice, tried to take an inventory of her body so that she could answer his questions intelligently. Unfortunately, when Ry moved another inch, she wrinkled her nose in pain and lost her concentration. "It feels like I'm stretched beyond my body's limits, like Ry is shoving his cock into my bones. I'm so full, I can't possibly take any more!"

The Alpha slowly thrust his hips upward. "What else?"

"I feel you in my stomach," she winced. "Your cock is so deep inside me—or is that Ry? There's so much, I don't know. I'm so full."

He pulled back at her urging, allowing Ry to force himself deeper. Melanie let out an overwhelmed groan, something that seemed to be part agony laced with something that signaled enjoyment. The Beta laughed. "What does that mean?"

"Maybe it feels a little better," she blushed into the Alpha's chest. "When you move like that, you're rubbing my clit. It sends that electrical feeling up and down my spine, curling my toes. White lightning—it's white lightning."

Happy that the she-wolf was finally enjoying herself, Ry decided to push her over the edge into oblivion. He reached around her to twirl his thumb over her engorged nub, somehow managing to bury himself further into her gaping vagina. "How's that?" he grinned as he felt his cock rubbing roughly against the Alpha's impressive length.

Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and when she arched her spine, she inadvertently forced the Alpha's cock deeper inside her moisture. He felt the Beta fighting to remain inside her ravaged body, their erections sliding against one another inside her crowded hole. Together they were able to develop a rhythm, one that left the she-wolf feeling as though she was being penetrated by one gigantic, inhumanly thick cock. When they would slowly pull out, her labia would burn and as they sunk back inside her vagina would ignite with fireworks of delight. 

With one particularly emphatic thrust deep into her depths, the Alpha growled into her ear. "Fuck, little she, I can feel when you and Ry breathe." He pressed a comforting kiss to her lips and smiled warmly. "How do you feel now?"

Melanie considered this question slowly, her mind focused on her cunt and not conversation. "It feels like I'm being impaled on one impossibly thick cock. I'm so wet ... my nipples are so ..." Her voice trailed off as she was unable to finish her thoughts.
