 Joel Taylor sighed as the black van carrying himself and his fellow prisoner pulled quickly away from the stark concrete walls of the prison. Branscombe Wood had been his home for the last four years and was where he had assumed that he would serve out the his sentence. But there had been trouble - there usually was. 

The fight had not really been his fault. Nor had it been Ralph's either, the other well built black man that currently shared the back seat of the van. Ralph was a good guy and the two men had become best friends on the inside. They looked out for each other well, usually avoiding trouble and avoiding the "queens" that habitually prowled the jail looking for fresh meat. The system usually worked well until Joel had been cornered one afternoon in the shower block by a gang of them. The big man had fought tooth and nail to avoid their advances but, even he had to admit, until Ralph put in an appearance, he was losing the struggle. With a combined effort Joel and Ralph had managed to see the queens off, the problem was, in doing so, they put one of them in the prison hospital with multiple fractures.

And so the governor had decided that they needed to be transferred. It had cost Joel dearly in bribes to find out where, but eventually he was informed that he and Ralph were to be sent across country to a prison with one of the worst reputations in the land - Aldwich.

"How long you think we'll be on the road?" Ralph asked. 

Joel rubbed his wrists, the cuffs were already beginning to chaff his smooth black skin and they had only been going for a little over an hour.

"Don't know, man. Guess about six hours."

Both men lapsed into a sullen silence, thinking about the impossibly long journey ahead. But inside, Joel was smiling. If everything went according to plan the friends wouldn't be in this sweat-hole of a van for very much longer and, hopefully, would never even reach Aldwich. His only regret was that the scheme had been so secret he couldn't even tell Ralph about it. The only people that knew were himself and his lovely blonde wife, Cherry.

After another three quarters of an hour Joel felt the van slow down. His heart was beating fast but he knew he had to keep himself under control for just a few more minutes. Both he and Ralph could hear muffled voices from the guards up front.

Suddenly the van screeched to a complete standstill. Joel and Ralph were thrown together; their cuffed hands unable to stop themselves tumbling across the seat.

"What the fuck is going on?" Ralph cried to nobody in particular. His eyes darted to the small, barred window as he tried to see out. 

"I can't see what's happing, Joel." 

Ralph looked back towards his friend. He could see something in Joel's eyes that told him that the other man knew something he didn't.

"Joel?" He asked slowly, "what's going on Joel?"

"Just sit tight and be cool, man."

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

Joel looked his friend straight in the eyes. He was nearly bursting with excitement and couldn't contain himself any longer.

"You really want to spend the next four years in Aldwich, man?" he shouted.

Ralph looked back dumbly.

"We're getting out, Ralph. We're not going anywhere near another stinking prison!"

Just at that moment the rear doors to the van suddenly burst open. Two men armed with shotguns and wearing masks to cover their faces stood looking at them. Joel knew they were friendly but, seeing the piercing eyes through the slits in the mask was enough to terrify the bravest of men.

"Come on!" screamed a voice from behind the mask, "We don't have all fucking night!"

Both men stumbled slightly as they leapt from the van. The cool night air chilled them through their light prison fatigues but neither man gave their discomfort a second thought; they were out!

The black Mercedes stood on the side of the road, engine running. As he dove into the back seat behind his friend, Joel saw the prone figures of the two guards that had been their escort lying beside the halted van.

"Don't worry," said the first masked man as he ushered Joel into the car, "they'll live!"

It had all happened so quickly and it seemed like only seconds before Joel and Ralph were being whisked away in the back of the luxury saloon. They had done it, Joel thought to himself. Home free!

The remote farmhouse was dark apart from a single light burning in one of the downstairs rooms. Both men were still highly animated and excited after their ordeal, but for Joel, there was one more thing that would make the breakout complete. 

"Oh baby!" Cried Cherry as she ran from the farmhouse and flung her arms around her husband, "I missed you so much!"

Joel's hands were still cuffed and her nearly stumbled as his wife rained kisses over his face and neck, almost dragging the large man inside the house.

"We're just here for a few hours, baby," she gasped as she finally stopped kissing her man's face. "Time for you to eat and get into some nice clothes before we head to the airport and then to South America to start a new life.

"Sounds good sweetheart." Joel replied. "I really need to get out of these fatigues. I never want to see another prison uniform as long as I live!"

Without a word, Cherry suddenly produced a replica hand-cuff key and quickly freed the two friends of their restraints.

"Guess you thought of everything!" Joel laughed. "I don't even want to think about what you had to do to get your hands on that!"

Cherry smiled back seductively as she threw the cuffs away. 

"Well, it wasn't really my hands that I used!"

The blonde woman stood back as Joel and Ralph began quickly stripping off the one-piece orange fatigues. She looked at her husband as he stood in his shorts before her, warming himself in front of the roaring fire.

"It looks like your pleased to see me!" She said softly, her eyes staring straight at the bulge in his underwear.

Joel and Ralph both looked back at her. Joel smiled.

"Baby, I'm always pleased to see you! But I been in prison for four years. I get an erection if the wind blows!"

Ralph could see the way that this was going. The look in Cherry's eyes told him that she was hungry for her husband. He knew he should make himself scarce, but the warmth from the fire was too much of an attraction.

"Don't mind me!" He laughed wickedly, sitting on the sofa in front of the warming logs. "Just pretend I'm not here!"

"You want to go to the bedroom?" Cherry whispered.

"Fuck that, baby! Just strip off and show me that sexy body of yours. I want to fuck you right here, right now!" Cherry giggled. She had never been shy about taking her clothes off, and she wasn't about to start now. She had missed her big black husband so much and, if he wanted her right now, she was going to make it as good as she possibly could for him.

In one swift movement, Cherry pulled the tight fitting sweater over her head and off. She was bra-less and the soft, white orbs that tumbled free were a delight to Joel's eyes. The jeans came next, expertly peeled down her long slender legs until she stood before him in just a pair of red lace panties.

Ralph knew that he shouldn't be looking but neither Cherry or Joel seemed at all concerned about his presence. His eyes took in the beautiful white woman that stood before her husband and he was reminded of his own girl back at home. He licked his lips - an involuntary response - and felt his erection pressing against his shorts.

Both Cherry and Joel stripped the last of their attire off together and fell, both naked, onto the sofa. Joel gasped as, for the first time in four years, he felt fingers other than his own encircle the throbbing flesh of his erection.

"Suck me baby!" he whispered in a low, strangled voice.

Cherry was not about to refuse. She had missed the feel of her husband's big cock so much that she thought she was going to orgasm as soon as her lips touched the tip. But this was for him, she thought. She opened her mouth wide to accept the solid meat into her willing mouth.

Ralph could feel his own cock throbbing as he watched his friend jerk his hips back and forth, fucking Cherry's mouth wildly. His hands were entangled in her blonde hair as he thrust himself up and down, his eyes screwed tight shut in an expression of pure, animal lust.

Joel knew that he wouldn't last long, but even he hadn't expected to feel the contractions in his balls as quickly as he did. His mouth opened in a silent cry and he felt the head of his cock swell. He knew that he was at the point of no return.

Cherry smiled as she felt the first warm rush of sweet tasting semen surge into her throat and knew that she had done well. Her husband had only been in her mouth for a few short moments and he was already rewarding her efforts in the way she liked the best.

"Oh baby!" Joel whispered, "sorry it was so quick!"

Cherry smiled back up at her husband, his thick, creamy cum smeared on her lips.

"I know you can do it again real soon, honey!" she murmured. "Real soon!"

Ralph swallowed hard and suddenly coughed. Cherry and Joel looked over at him. It was quite clear that neither husband or wife had forgotten that he was there.

"You look a bit heated over there, man!" Joel laughed.

Ralph coughed again. He knew that this was the time that he should say something smart but he had never been too good with words and, as usual, they failed him.

"That's cool, my friend," Joel continued, smiling warmly, "I owe you for helping me out with the queens, remember?"

Ralph nodded silently. He wasn't sure where this was going, but he really hoped it would go in his direction!

"Well," Joel continued, "Cherry here has always liked you, man. You like a piece of her?"

Both Ralph and Cherry looked up; Ralph in shocked surprise at his friend's suggestion and Cherry with an expression of pure lust. 

Joel laughed as he saw his friend's face and sat back on the sofa, calm and relaxed.

"Go ahead, Ralph. I know you wanna fuck her badly!

Ralph couldn't argue with logic like that and had his shorts off in a flash. Cherry was still idly playing with her husband's thickening tool, her legs were splayed open where she had been fingering herself and Ralph could see that she was already quite wet and aroused.

Wordlessly, the black escapee positioned himself between the white woman's legs and lined his hard erection up against the warm, wet folds of her shaved slit. He sighed as he eased his large weapon in, revelling in the heat and silky texture of her vaginal channel.

Cherry gasped as she felt Ralph's engorged tool almost split her pussy open. She had thought that her husband's cock was big, but she was certain that his friend was even better endowed. Her mouth hung open and she was pleasantly surprised when Joel slipped his newly-gained erection between her lips.

Joel watched with pride as his friend began to thrust his cock in and out of Cherry's wet pussy. Having now cum once, he felt much more in control of himself and knew that, even though she was almost insatiable, he and Ralph would be able to satisfy his wife comfortably. He grunted as he felt Cherry's tongue wrap lovingly around his cock head and pushed himself in deeper, now beginning to fuck her tight throat.

Cherry moaned loudly as she was taken hard at both ends. The familiar taste of her husband's tool was complimented perfectly by the monstrous appendage that was currently thrusting rapidly up inside her pussy. She lifted her behind from the sofa and arched her back. As the hot, solid flesh of her lovers cock rubbed against her G-spot, Cherry couldn't contain her excitement. She wanted to scream as the climax ripped through her tight body, she wanted to cry out, but Joel's cock in her throat curtailed any form of vocal response. Ralph knew that his friend's wife was cumming hard even if he couldn't hear her. Her body trembled beneath him and her felt her tight, white cunt hold his black cock in a vice like grip. He wanted to cum himself and knew that just another few strokes would see him blasting up inside her hole.

As the white woman's body shook and convulsed beneath them, the two friends reluctantly withdrew their respective cocks from her body.

"Oh man," Ralph exclaimed as his erection swung free of Cherry's gaping pussy, "you got one hot fucking wife, Joel!"

Joel laughed, "You bet! And she's got a real cute ass too!"

The two black men looked at each other and smiled as Cherry slowly came down from her massive climax.

"You two talking about my butt?" She asked with a giggle.

Joel and Ralph nodded in unison and watched as Cherry propped herself up on her hands and knees. She was still a little shaky and Joel steadied her with loving hands as she arched her back and pointed her ass in the air as if for their inspection.

Both men smiled widely as they began to grope and fondle the two perfectly round globes before them. Ralph quickly agreed with his friend's assessment of Cherry's rear attribute and felt his cock twitch as he ran his fingers over the smooth, warm flesh.

"Put your fingers in me please!" Cherry's face was down against a cushion and her voice sounded muffled.

"She likes it in the ass?" Ralph asked

"Loves it!" His friend replied, "and the bigger the cock, the more she likes it - lets prepare her shall we?"

Cherry groaned blissfully as the two men above her began to insert their fingers into her behind and widen her for what was obviously to come. She could feel their long bony digits entering her back passage, probing and twisting as they opened her. She had to agree with Joel on his comment; she did like anal sex - she loved it! The feel of a big hard cock entering her back door was absolute heaven to her and she could hardly wait until she could experience it again.

Joel grinned as he thrust his fingers in and out of Cherry's rapidly widening anus. He could feel the hole spreading and opening as they both worked her up and was looking forward to pushing his inflamed cock deep inside her.

"I think she's about ready," he said, "mind if I go first Ralph?" "No problem, man," his friend replied with a laugh, "I want to push my dick in her mouth anyway!"

Hearing the men talk about her as if she were just a play thing for their amusement, turned Cherry on hugely. She positioned herself on the sofa so that her buttocks were well spread to accept her husband in her ass and her mouth was in line with Ralph's thick, hard cock.

She gasped as she felt Joel's cock penetrate her ass. She had almost forgotten how good he could feel in her back passage and as her hand went between her legs and touched her wet, open pussy, she shuddered into yet another orgasm.

While Cherry's husband began to ram his hard meat into her back door, Ralph started to saw his own cock in and out of her mouth. As the woman trembled and shook in orgasm, he held her head with his hands and trust himself deep into her throat.

"Think I'm gonna cum soon, man!" Ralph cried. "How you doing back there?"

Joel looked up but continued to ram his thick tool up inside his wife's ass.

"Just fine, Ralph," he replied, "I'm real close too!"

Both men continued to grunt and groan as they used Joel's white wife for their pleasure. Her body was being thrust back and forth as they took her hard and fast at both ends and her trembling fingers played blissfully with her distended clitty.

"Let's both cum on her face together, okay?" Joel said in between thrusts.

Ralph smiled and nodded his eager agreement. There was nothing he liked more than to see his thick cum spraying over a white woman's face. It gave him a real sense of power.

Cherry moaned softly as she felt both hard cocks slowly ease out of her exhausted body. She knew she had cum at least three times; the last climax still rippling waves of satisfaction through her lithe frame. Although she was disappointed at the sudden emptiness, she new that she was soon to receive the best gift she could think of: two loads of thick creamy cum!

Pushing her back on the sofa, Joel and Ralph pointed their heavy cocks directly at her face. Her mouth opened willingly as she heard both men groan in unison and prepared herself for her gift. She didn't have long to wait. With a sigh of contentment, Ralph's turgid weapon suddenly exploded in her face sending great wads of sperm straight into her open mouth. Joel wasn't far behind. Gasping in a lungful of air, his balls emptied. Cherry saw the head of his cock swell and then felt the first jet hit her forehead and begin to trickle down to splash her hot breasts.

Both men jerked their cocks as Cherry played with her clit. Within seconds her face and hair were awash with ejaculated semen. The room echoed with groans of satisfaction and the air hung heavy with the smell of raw sex. 

Joel was coaxing the last of his seed from the tip of his cock when he heard the faint wail of a police siren closely followed by the surprising click of a handcuff snapping shut.

He looked at his wrist to see that he was now tightly secured to the arm of the sofa. Confused he looked up at his wife who, together with Ralph, were quickly pulling on her clothes. 

"What the fuck? What's going on baby?"

Cherry pointedly refused to look at her husband but continued to gather up her belongings. All three could hear the police siren becoming louder.

"Ralph! Please!" Joel pleaded as he pulled at the handcuff chain with all his strength. "Talk to me, man!"

"Sorry, Joel!" Ralph looked down at his one-time friend, a sneering smile spreading over his face. "You did well today, but it was Cherry and I that organised the whole thing. She doesn't want you, Joel, she wants me!"

Joel's astonished face flipped back and forth between his wife and her lover. He was confused but the situation was quickly becoming clearer.

"You just going to leave me here like this?"

"Sorry, baby." Cherry interrupted. "Sorry it's got to be this way, but I know you. While you're on the outside, Ralph and I will never be safe. Much better that you go back to jail, you see?"

As his wife and her lover disappeared from the back door, Joel heard the squad cars screech to a halt at the front. His thoughts went back to the escort guards that they had left lying on the side of the road and he groaned inwardly as he realised that he would take the full blame for the assault. He knew it would add several more years to his sentence but he didn't care. As long as he left prison alive he would find them. If it took forever Joel Taylor would find them!

The End