 I was wholly unprepared for the events that transpired that evening.

The workday was over. I went home, showered, and called my girlfriend/fuck-buddy, Penny. We had planned to go see a movie, but when I called her to see when she was picking me up, she apologized and confessed that she had other plans. She had forgotten that she'd already promised to go to a party with her roommate, Kendra. Apparently one of Kendra's old boyfriends was going to be there, and Penny was supposed to help make sure her roommate didn't "make the same mistake twice".

Penny was great, but when she was busy, I was pretty much out of luck. All of my friends had left town after high school graduation at the start of the summer. With my time divided mostly between work, college summer classes, and Penny, I never made any other new friends.

As I decided what to do with my Friday night, I went out to run a few errands. Upon returning home, I saw that Alana's car was gone. This wasn't unusual anymore, as lately she was spending a lot of time with her best friend and business partner, Renee. But I found that her continued absence was actually bothering me now. 

Alana was my 26-year-old roommate, though I'd known her all of my life. Actually, to call her my roommate is an understatement. Our parents were best friends and neighbors long before I was born, and we were raised so closely that we were practically siblings. It turned out that Alana's mom had battled cancer for many years after Alana was born, and since Alana's dad was never part of her life to begin with and she had no other close family, my parents were chosen to take Alana in when her mom finally passed away. I guess she was kind of a substitute sister.

My parents died a several years later in a car accident. By that time, Alana was the closest family I had, and as an adult became my caregiver for the next few years until I turned 18.

With our parents gone, all we had was each other. We worked hard to keep the house we had grown up in, and now we shared it very comfortably as roommates. I had the main level, while she took the basement. It was a great arrangement that provided more privacy than the typical roommate situation. Even though we also worked together, we never had the problem of seeing too much of each other. But now I was hardly seeing her at all. We used to be so close. Now we barely talked, consumed with our different lives and schedules. I honestly missed her.

Looking back, it's ironic that those were the thoughts running through my head as I entered the house that night. I moved past the kitchen, and a light shining from down the basement caught my attention. All roommates have their little bad habits and annoyances, and leaving lights on was one of Alana's. I went down the steps and into her bedroom, where, in the far corner, a halogen lamp was on.

I rounded the bed and crossed the room, but just as I was about to switch off the light, something caught my attention. At first it was just the brightness of the yellow tracksuit hanging over the back of Alana's desk chair that drew my eyes. But I did a double take when the realization of what I was looking at finally hit me. It was a yellow... fucking... tracksuit.

If this isn't making any sense, allow me to explain. At the start of the summer, Autumn, a sexy, 18 year-old exhibitionist, moved in next door. We had never met, and never spoken. Instead, we played "window games", which basically consisted of her masturbating or stripping for me through her bedroom window as I jerked off to orgasm, and vice versa. Once she even fucked a guy as Penny and I mimicked them. But the last time I enjoyed Autumn's playfulness was in the beginning of the week, when I spied her having a glorious sixty-nine session with a young blonde woman who, prior to them fucking, had been wearing a yellow tracksuit.

This exciting event had issued a couple of firsts in my relationship with Autumn. One, I learned of her now obvious bi-sexuality. Second, this was the first time that Autumn gave no indication that she knew I was watching her. But it appeared now that I was learning way more than I had ever anticipated.

My mind raced, unable to fully comprehend the possibilities. The girl Autumn had been with had long, blonde hair, just like Alana (although it was, I acknowledged, put in a ponytail, which Alana rarely did). The girl had the same athletic body type as Alana, with an equally large chest. I never got to see the girl's face—she was always facing away or blocked by Autumn's thigh, but now that I had a suspect, the pieces were falling right into place.

It had to be. It was Alana.

I was in shock. I had no idea that Alana was gay, or bi, or whatever she was. I didn't even know that she knew Autumn existed, and yet they had been going at it like a pair of old lovers. Was this where she was spending all of her time lately? Eating that delicious pussy at the neighbor's?

But then something horrifying came to mind. I remembered how much seeing Autumn and the blonde had turned me on. I had jerked off and came all over myself as I watched Autumn lick and fuck that blonde with a vibrator until she reached orgasm. For the days since, I had fantasized about meeting that blonde myself. I wanted to fuck that juicy cunt, slap that tight ass, and cum all over those big tits. And this whole time it had been Alana's body in my dreams. Yes, technically there was nothing wrong with that, but I'd grown up with Alana as closely as if she were a true sibling. I'd never thought of her in a sexual way before, and didn't want to.

I moved to exit Alana's room, passing a large window well that doubled as an emergency exit to the yard above. I had a suspicion, and so I stopped and pressed up close to the window to look up and see whatever its view would allow. First there was the night sky. Below that was the top of Autumn's house. And sure enough, below that was Autumn's window. At this angle, I couldn't see far into Autumn's room, but if Autumn got close enough to her window when she performed for me, there was no question that Alana could have seen her, too.

And that, I decided, was how they must have met.

I went to bed early that night, consumed with a million thoughts, questions, and fears. Had Alana been watching all of Autumn's little shows? Was Autumn doing them for me, or Alana, or both of us? Had Alana and I been masturbating to her at the same time, with just a floor between us? And then there were the screams. Sometime I could hear faint sounds of a woman screaming in pleasure, but they didn't always quite match up with Autumn's facial expressions. I blamed the window for distorting the noise. But now there was another possibility. Had I been jerking off to the sound of Alana's orgasms?

All of this should have appalled me, and yet I found myself getting increasingly excited. I couldn't deny that Alana's body was to die for. I couldn't forget all those nasty things I had wanted to do to that blonde before I knew her name. And I couldn't help but cater to my hardening cock as I visualized Alana, naked, staring out her little window and fingering her cunt as I came all over my window just a few feet above.

I gave in, stroking my dick hard and fast. First I did it to the memory of seeing Alana burying her face in Autumn's pussy. I recalled her body shaking as she climaxed from Autumn licking her clit. Then memory became fantasy, and I visualized Alana rubbing her big tits in my face, then around my cock, and then taking me into her mouth...

I came suddenly, shooting a long string of cum up across my chest, all the way to my shoulder. I fell asleep before I could clean myself up, while my fantasies became my dreams.

I woke to the sound of a girl laughing hysterically. It was Alana.

It was just past two in the morning. I got up, hurriedly put my pants on, and rushed to see what was going on. I found Alana at the back door, sitting on the floor, giggling. She was beyond drunk. I saw the shape of a head pass the window, walking away, but before I could move to see who it was, Alana had seen me.

"Gavin," she said in a slurred but happy voice. "What the fuck are you doing?" She peered at me, smiling, not giving me time to come up with an answer. "Oh, I see what you're doing. You got Penny in there, huh? Penny? Penny. I like that name, Penny. It makes me feel rich. A Penny saved is a Penny....how's that go?" And then she pointed and laughed hysterically at me.

I would have smiled if I hadn't realized she was pointing at the streak of cum still stuck to my chest. I had forgotten all about it.

"But you tell her she...she needs to work on her aim," Alana laughed.

I rushed to the bathroom and wiped myself off, than came back and helped her to her feet.

"Let's get you to bed," I said, and I carefully guided her down the basement steps. "Who dropped you off?"

"Oh, you've got to meet her, Gavin. Did you know we have this new neighbor living next door in the neighbor's house? Autumn. I know it's still summer, but that's...that's what she calls herself. Autumn. You should meet her. She's a cute one. I love Autumn. I love you, Gavin."

"I love you, too," I said, directing her toward her bed. "But you need to get to sleep."

"Oh, no!" she exclaimed. "I can't go to bed. My friend is coming over. Girl stuff. Her name is Autumn. Have you met her?"

"She's coming here?" I couldn't believe it. I wondered what else Alana might divulge in her drunken state.

"Yeah. But we'll leave you alone. You and Penny can go back to fucking. I just need to go the bathroom and drink some water. I'll be fine. Autumn and I are just going to..."

And then she laughed; a long, loud, mischievous laugh.

"We're just talking, okay. Don't worry, Gavin. We're just going to talk."

I watched her disappear into her bathroom. I moved to the window well and looked up to see if I could see Autumn in her room. Nothing but darkness. I turned and headed to the door, but kicked something that had been sticking out from under the bed, and tripped. The object moved into the light cast through the window by the moon. It was about a foot and half long, and tube shaped. I reached down to pick it up and put it back where it had been, but when I touched it, my eyes grew wide. It was rubbery, firm, and yet flexible, with a knob on each end. I brought it closer to my eyes.

A double-ended dildo.

A creak from the stairs behind me made jump with fright, and I dropped the toy. I spun around to find Autumn standing there in the doorway, looking almost as shocked as I was. It was still dark, as none of us had bothered to turn any lights on yet, but the glow coming from upstairs was enough to give me view of Autumn that sent my cock reaching for the sky. She was dressed in tight jeans and a lacey top that showed off a flat stomach and accentuated her perfect, large c-cup breasts. She wore heels, and her long, red hair seemed extra full and curly.

I couldn't speak as I stood there, frozen, thrilled, and terrified at finally seeing her so close with not a single wall between us. I could hear her breathing, and smell her sweet perfume. She didn't say anything, but I melted as I saw her lips form into a sly smile. She reached to the nightstand beside her and dropped Alana's keys. Then she did something I had fantasized about since I first laid eyes on her at the summer's start: Autumn approached me.

She moved slowly, with a sexy sway in her hips that was very subtle, yet very deliberate. Seeing her up close like this, seeing her muscles rolling under her soft skin, her curves sliding, and her eyes and lips glistening—it was all too much and I felt myself growing faint. I was very hot, especially my face, and the room began slowly spinning. The only sturdy bone in my body was the one trying desperately to escape from my pants. I opened my mouth to speak, but Autumn raised her finger to those full, wet lips to silence me.

Autumn moved closer, and then she was right there in front of me, and I was so overwhelmed I had no idea what to do. Perhaps sensing this, Autumn reached out and touched her hand to my naked chest. I gasped and felt my cock jump. Her fingers were cool, her touch soft. After over a month of longing, I was finally here with her, and she was touching me, smiling at me, and looking me right in the eyes with a sexy, penetrating stare.

She pushed me, and before I could wonder why, I found myself being guided backward, toward the dark corner of the room next to the halogen lamp. Her other hand was still at her lips, and so I dared not speak to ask where I was going or what I was expected to do. I just watched her and waited. My heart was racing.

The sound of Alana opening the bathroom door shocked me back into reality. As she stepped into the bedroom, I was happy to see that she had regained much of her balance, and she was no longer loud and obnoxious. I was about to say something to her—anything to break the tension of being in this room with the two of them—but Autumn gave me one last quick glare, not an angry look, but a hard look that said "no", and she emphasized her finger pressed against her lips in the "hush" position. I obeyed without hesitation. For a long while I don't think I even breathed.

And that was when things started to get wild.

Autumn sped away from me, throwing up her arms to draw attention to herself and away from me. Alana met her in front of the bed and they fell into each other, embracing tightly with both their bodies and their mouths. They kissed passionately, their tongues swirling together and dancing over their lips. Autumn gently held Alana's face in her hands, while Alana reached down to rub Autumn's exposed ribs, then around to her tight ass. 

As they made out, Autumn led them into a turn, bringing Alana so her back was to me. Then Autumn broke off the kiss and went to the door. She shut it, blocking out the light from upstairs, cloaking the room—and me--in almost total darkness.

I suddenly knew why Autumn had put me here in the corner and insisted upon my silence. She wanted me to watch. Here, in the dark, I was hardly visible at all, especially to a not-so-sober Alana who had no reason to even look for me in the first place. My dick fought against the fabric of my pants as I anticipated what I was about to see.

The moonlight shining in through the window was not offering the best details in the dark room, but it was more than enough to see everything that was happening, and my eyes were adjusting by the second. I saw the dark shapes of Autumn and Alana kissing again. Alana grabbed the bottom of Autumn's top and pulled it up over her head, revealing her naked breasts. She placed her hands on them, rubbing gently as she dove in for Autumn's neck, sucking and licking at her skin. Autumn was breathing heavy now, and Alana began to make soft moaning noises. Autumn then broke away again, grabbed Alana by the waist, and guided her back down onto the bed, staying on top of her the whole way.

No sooner had she hit the covers when Alana pulled off her own top. My eyes were adjusted enough for me to tell that she was wearing a bra, but Autumn wasted no time in getting it off. She tossed it right at me, and it hit me in the groin. My cock throbbed at the brief contact, but it swelled even more when I caught sight of Alana's huge, firm breasts. Autumn must have been just as excited, because she lunged for them, licking at the hard nipples and running her hands and lips all over the soft, surrounding flesh.

They soon moved back to kissing deeply, mashing their naked breasts together and sliding their hands everywhere. They nibbled on each other's ears, licked each other's necks, and took turns dipping down to take each other's nipples in their mouths for a few quick sucks. The only things louder than their moans and heavy breathing were the loud, wet noises they made as they feasted on each other's skin.

I was so beyond turned on that I actually grabbed for my cock in my pants, stroking it without taking it out. I then saw Autumn move to Alana's ear, and she whispered something. Alana nodded, and Autumn jumped off of her, reached to the floor at the foot of the bed, and grabbed her lacy top. Then she teasingly trailed it up across Alana's body, over her stomach and up between her tits. Then she brought it down on Alana's face, covering her eyes with it, and tucked it under her head. It was a makeshift blindfold!

I still didn't know what to expect until Autumn looked at me and smiled. She curled her finger at me, gesturing for me to come close. I obeyed, moving until I was at the bedside, less than two feet away from her and writhing, topless Alana. Autumn took my free hand and guided it down, not toward herself, but toward Alana's heaving chest. I was hesitant about what I knew was to come, but I was too turned on to give it much thought. I wanted this before I knew it was Alana, I masturbated to it when I found out it was Alana, and now I was getting my wish.

I touched Alana's soft, warm breast, nearly cumming on the spot. Alana moaned and thrust her chest upward. I stretched out my fingers, not grabbing her, but letting my fingertips trace her skin. I circled her nipple with them, moving gradually closer until I had it in my fingers. It grew harder, and I lightly pinched and pulled it. I looked at Autumn for approval. She just smiled and nodded to Alana, who had her teeth clenched in pleasure. 

"Please lick my pussy," came Alana's voice, shocking us both, and I quickly withdrew my hand. It was a desperate, almost painful request. She was far too wound up to be patient. "I need your tongue in me, baby."

Autumn moved back down to Alana's ear and whispered again.

"Oh God, yes," Alana groaned. "Yes, please. Just do it quick. Take my pants off."

Autumn climbed off her, pulled off her shoes and socks, then unfastened her jeans. They worked together to scoot them down and off, leaving Alana completely naked before me, except for a dark g-string. Autumn hurriedly took off her own shoes and pants, then went the final distance and pulled off her skimpy thong, as well. She was completely naked, as I had seen her so many times before, but this was infinitely better. Growing bolder, I dropped my pants to my ankles and quietly stepped out of them.

Autumn began trying to remove Alana's g-string, but fumbled with it, seemingly on purpose. As Alana moved her body to help, Autumn slyly guided her closer to the side of the bed where I was standing. Soon, my erect dick was actually hanging right over Alana's thigh. Autumn smiled at me, then bent down to kiss Alana's naked cunt. Her hair just barely grazed me, tickling my cock head.

Just as she began nibbling Alana's cunt, Autumn began changing position, swinging her body around without moving her lips from Alana's crotch. She moved herself so they were in the same position I had seen them earlier that week—the sixty-nine. As soon as Alana sensed Autumn's pussy above her, she dove in, lapping hungrily and slurping noisily, sucking out her juices. Autumn bucked and shuddered, but she licked Alana's cunt more gently, wetting the outer folds of her labia, then moving in deeper, and probing her tongue inside. Then she reached for my hand again.

This time I was going for the sweet spot, and I knew it. I had to cup my other hand under the head of my dick to keep any pre-cum from dropping onto Alana and ruining everything. Autumn led my hand to just above Alana's pussy, and then she took my index finger and had me press lightly against her clit. It was very wet, and as Autumn and I began to explore the rest of this area of Alana, I found that everything else was, too. I don't know if it was from Autumn's saliva or Alana's cum, but I didn't care. I wanted to feel inside of her.

Autumn suspected as much, and as soon as my finger was good and lubed up from Alana's juices, I began to slowly press my way inside her, one centimeter as a time. She was so hot, so tight, and soaking wet. As I made my way deeper and deeper, Autumn kept her hand on me, as if we were a team. But she also moved back down to lick Alana's clit, and I felt her cunt tighten even more around me.
