 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 61

Paul knelt behind Cindy, holding his erection with one hand and lubricating her anus with the other hand. She squealed then laughed out loud at the coldness of the lubricant.

Pam lay on her back; Candy squatted over the small girl's open mouth. Pam lapped hungrily at Candy's anus, scooping Paul's semen from Candy's stretched, raw bowels. Candy leaned forward and rubbed her fingers up and down Pam's gaping pussy.

Come on," Cindy laughed. "Do me up the butt! Stick it in me!"

Paul groaned as his alarm clock interrupted a very nice dream.

If he asked them, he knew the Broussard sisters would do it, would let him fulfill his anal fantasies. He wondered if they had any dreams, if he could fulfill any fantasies of theirs.

Walking from his bedroom to the hall bathroom, he saw that the light was still on in Marie's office. He stuck his head in and smiled; Marie was sound asleep, head lying on her desk. Pulling his head out of the office door, he almost collided with his father who was carrying a cup of coffee.

"Morning son," Bob smiled.

"Morning Dad," Paul whispered back. "You don't let Marie sleep in bed anymore?" 

"Screw you, boy," Bob laughed. "She's got that Baggett trial coming up next week; you know that."

"Depositions," Marie corrected him. "Probably won't go to trial until November, December."

"Sorry, Marie," Paul apologized. "I didn't mean to wake you up.

"Smell of coffee did that," she smiled and held out her hand for the mug.

"Now, remember, doctor said no more than two cups of coffee a day," Bob warned her.

"Yes sir, Daddy," Marie saluted him.

"Hey, it's my baby too," Bob, said and kissed his fiancé's forehead, then nose, then lips, and Paul left the doorway before Bob could kiss any further down. Some things a boy just doesn't want to see his dad and future stepmother doing.

"You embarrassed him," Marie giggled.

"Did not!" Paul's voice floated back and Marie giggled again.

----

"Going to be a beautiful day," Candy whispered into Cindy's ear. "Don't want to miss it."

"Come on, ten more minutes," Cindy begged.

"Said that ten minutes ago," Candy reminded her.

"Leave me alone, skunk breath," Cindy whined.

"Tickle her," Pam suggested.

"It's my bed," Cindy reminded them.

"So?" Candy laughed and began to lightly run her hands up and down Cindy's ribs, seeking out the sensitive spots she knew were there.

"Next time your mom and dad go on vacation, you're staying by yourself," Cindy complained.

"You don't mean that," Candy said, worried.

"Yep, leave you all alone in that big old house, me and Pam'll stay over here," Cindy said and stuck her tongue out at Candy.

"Uh uh," Candy argued. 

"Uh huh," Cindy said and lightly pushed at Candy to make her move; she had to pee.

"Fine, I'll just get Paul to come over," Candy said and sat up so that Cindy could get out of the bed. "I bet he'd be over in a flash."

"Uh huh," Cindy smirked. "Like my mom and dad wouldn't kill him if y'all did try that."

"They wouldn't find out," Candy said. "Unless you told them."

----

Jamie Baggett picked up the receiver and gritted her teeth. Her hand shook so bad she could barely punch in the telephone number.

"Last house on the block," she laughed mirthlessly.

She'd heard a lot of people call it that; it was the last option they had. It sure as hell wasn't the first choice for anyone she knew.

"Central Office," a pleasant sounding female's voice came on the line.

"Hello?" Jamie asked. "This A.A.?"

"Yes it is," the pleasant sounding voice said. "Can I help you?"

"God, I hope you can," Jamie said and started crying.

"Oh, no, no, sweetie," the pleasant sounding voice said. "Nothing to cry about!"

----

Teddy reached over and slapped the snooze button on the alarm clock. He sleepily rolled out of the bed and smiled. The picture of him and Elizabeth at the Sweetheart Dance smiled back at him, just barely visible in the dim lighting. 

He better hurry up and shower, he rubbed his upper lips, and shaves and get dressed; she'd be waiting for him to take them to school.

"Don't rub that; there's no hair there yet," Matt's voice said.

"Man, butt hole, when your room going to be finished?" Teddy complained.

"Today, tomorrow, got the last coat to put on it," Matt yawned and stretched. 

"Good," Teddy grumbled.

"Hey at least you got two beds," Matt reminded him. "Billy and Jimmy are crammed together in Billy's little bitty bed."

"Yeah, and Billy farts a lot," Teddy laughed.

He rubbed his upper lip again.

"And I do too have a mustache there," he declared.

"Hmm, must be the light," Matt sneered.

"Shut up, man," Teddy said again.

----

Ed Baggett had to admit; he was getting pretty good at cooking.

He smiled as Elizabeth waltzed into the kitchen, acting like the queen of England. She sat down and adopted a haughty stance, waiting for her humble servant to bring her breakfast. With a giggle, the haughty pretense crumbled and she used her fingers to push back her mass of brown curls.

"Morning Daddy," she smiled.

"Good morning pumpkin," he smiled and slipped the last of the bacon out of the skillet not the wad of paper towels.

"Bacon's bad for you," Elizabeth commented, but that did not stop her from putting four pieces on her plate.

"It's turkey bacon save some for your brother," Ed smiled.

"I don't like turkey bacon," Bill declared as he entered the kitchen and took his seat at the table.

"Bull hockey," Ed said, trying to keep the smile on his face. "You ate it all last week, never said a word."

"Good," Elizabeth declared. "More for me."

Ed fought to keep the smile on his face, but it was hard. Looking at his son, all he could see was a cowardly woman beater.

Even at the height of his anger, even when he was the most hurt to find out about Jamie's long lasting affair with Joseph Marcoloni, he'd never thought of hitting her. Even when she was being blatant about it, wrongly assuming that Ed was too stupid to see all the telltale signs, he'd never even dreamed of striking her.

His son didn't seem to grasp the seriousness of the situation, did not seem to realize that this wasn't just going to go away.

"Riding in with me today?" Bill asked Elizabeth.

Elizabeth looked across the table at her twin brother, and then resumed eating the scrambled eggs. Bill waited for a response, and then his face began to darken with anger.

"Answer your brother," Ed demanded.

"No," Elizabeth curtly said. 

"I said, 'answer...'" Ed said.

"I did," Elizabeth snapped. "No, I am not riding in with you. Teddy's picking me up."

"Fine, fine," Bill grumbled.

"Why don't you just take your mother's car?" Ed suggested to her.

"'Cause," she smiled playfully. "I ain't got no money for no gas."

"And ain't got no good grammar neither," Ed said and shook his head.

----

Emily Broussard smiled as the three girls sat at the breakfast table, chattering and squealing and laughing. She hoped that Bobbi and Jake were having fun in Puerto Rico, but knew that when they came back, her house would be so quiet, almost empty without the three girls.

And in a few months, Cindy would be leaving for college and her house would really be empty, quiet, and lonely. She felt some moisture forming at the corners of her eyes and dabbed them away.

She knew that Bill was talking about buying a houseboat and taking them for long weekends on the Atchafalaya, or on Lake Arthur when Cindy moved out. But that was just talk. He'd not saved up one penny to put toward the houseboat, even though every time he got on the Internet, he'd look for used houseboats listed.

"Here's one, got three bedrooms and a shower, oh, and a full galley," he'd call out. "And thy only want sixty four thousand!"

"Might as well be sixty four million," she would say under her breath.

Emily gave the oatmeal one last stir and began to spoon it out into the four bowls.

"No, no, listen, Cindy demanded. "You got to fill out the Pell Grant stuff first, then see if there's any other stuff, right Mom?"

"Right," Emily said, not knowing what they were talking about.

"But suppose you got a scholarship?" Candy insisted.

"You don't got no scholarship," Cindy said.

"How you know?" Candy demanded.

"'Cause Candy, we both got the same grade point and I don't got a scholarship," Cindy stated and spooned the too hot oatmeal into her mouth.

"Uh huh," Candy said smugly. "I'm going on the 'gorgeous blonde scholarship.'"

"Shut up!" Cindy laughed and threw her napkin at her friend. "There's no such ting!"

----

"Argh, avast there, matey!" Elaine said as she walked into the kitchen. 

Carmen pursed her; lips. Elaine was wearing that stupid eye patch Elise had given her. Her blonde stubble was hidden underneath a black bandanna Elaine had twisted into a skullcap.

"Damn it!" she yelled, nerves at the breaking point. "This isn't a joke, Elaine! It's not a joke!"

"I know it's not a joke, Mom!" Elaine screamed back. "But maybe making jokes about it is the only way I haven't fucking killed myself yet, all right?"

Carmen gasped as if she'd been slapped and looked at her now sobbing daughter.

"Baby, baby, I'm so sorry," Carmen begged. "I know it's been horrible on you. I'm sorry.

Carmen hugged her daughter tightly. Finally, Elaine gently pushed her mother away. 

I'm all right, I'm all right," Elaine sniffled.

There was a knock at the front door and Carmen looked at it in confusion; who would be knocking at their door this early in the morning. She opened it up to see Miss Brown, the elderly black woman standing on her doorstep, looking quite upset.

"Miss Brown, what on earth..." Carmen started.

"You needed my help and ain't never called me?" Miss Brown accused.

"What?" Carmen asked.

"You about to lose your job you miss any more work and you ain't never called me once to come over?" Miss Brown shrilly demanded.

"Miss Brown, I've already asked you to do too much," Carmen said.

"I'm sitting over there, ain't doing nothing," Miss Brown said. "I'm right there, and you think you got to do it all by yourself?" Miss Brown asked.

"Miss Brown, I am so sorry," Carmen said. "I just didn't want to impose any more than I already have," Carmen admitted.

"What I got to do?" Miss Brown asked. "I got to beg you? All right, 'oh please, Miss Simone, please let me come over and watch over Elaine so you can get to work and don't have to lose your job.' There, How's that?"

"Come on in here," Carmen laughed.

"That's more like it," Miss Brown grumbled. "I swear, Elise didn't stop by every afternoon, I'd never know nothing what's going on over here."

Carmen knew she should be angry with her younger daughter for telling Miss Brown she was in jeopardy of losing her job, but couldn't make herself get mad.

"Oh ain't you the cutest pirate," Miss Brown laughed as she looked at Elaine.

"Argh!" Elaine laughed.

"You eat breakfast?" Miss Brown asked, smuggling into the kitchen.

"I was getting ready to fix it," Carmen said.

"Go get ready for work, I got it," Miss Brown said and began pulling out the pot for a big pot of grits.

"Hi Miss Brown!" Elise happily greeted the neighbor as she bounded into the kitchen, already dressed for school.

"You behave yourself for her, or I will kill you," Carmen hissed to Elaine.

"Argh!" Elaine said.

Chapter 62

Cindy Jensen looked over the brochures for UCLA and USC, making sure that everyone else in the cafeteria could also see that she was looking at the two California Universities.

"Or, do you thick I'd be better off at Berkeley?" she asked Madison Marcoloni.

Madison looked at her for a long moment, and then shrugged her shoulders.

"Well, where are you going to college?" Cindy snapped, irritated that Madison was unimpressed with the brochures.

"Vanderbilt," Madison said. "Academic scholarship."

"Bull shit," Cindy Jensen said.

"Got a four point eight nine grade point average," Madison said and shoved more of her avocado salad into her mouth.

"Four point oh is the high-test you can get, retard," Cindy sneered.

"Not if you're taking advanced courses, retard," Madison said.

"She's right, Cindy," Sara said.

"How would you know, dope head?" Cindy sneered.

"'Cause I'm in the same classes," Sara sneered back. "Four point six oh, thank you very little."

"Any of y'all ever go see Elaine?" Molly asked.

"What, why?" Cindy asked.

"'Cause she's out of the hospital," Molly said and shook her had at Cindy.

Cindy Jensen looked over at the table where Paul, Cindy, Candy, and Pam sat, Paul and Cindy and Candy poring over their University of Louisiana at Monroe brochures.

"Ooh, and you can take archery!" Candy said.

"What you need that for, Robin Hood?" Paul laughed and Cindy and Pam laughed too.

Candy stuck her tongue out at him.

"It was just an idea, butt head," she said.

"Don't stick that out unless you're going to use it," Paul said and she stuck it out again at him.

----

"I thought I was in love with him," Elaine confessed to Miss Brown.

"Tell me, why?" Miss Brown asked. "He didn't treat you all that good now did he?"

Elaine thought back. The entire relationship between her and Bill Baggett had been about sex. He had a long cock. He wasn't very good with it; he would just stick it in and hump until he came. Thankfully, Elaine had a quick trigger. He liked oral sex; getting it, not giving it. In fact, he never did anything to ensure that she enjoyed it.

"No, not really," she admitted.

"Baby, you so pretty, you deserve a man treat you like you a goddess, like you a queen," Miss Brown counseled.

"Yeah, long line of guys wanting a girl with an eye patch," Elaine said bitterly.

"It is cute," Miss Brown laughed. "But didn't your doctor get you a fake eye?"

"Yeah, but it hurts," Elaine complained.

"Honey, it going to hurt; you got to get used to it," Miss Brown said. "Now, go get it and put it in. We going to wear it for an hour today, and try for two tomorrow, and then three. Before long, you be wearing it all the time and never even know it there."

"Yes ma'am," Elaine said.

"You need help with it?" Miss Brown asked.

"No, not really, it's pretty simple," Elaine said and steeled her to insert it.

"Oh, now you can't even tell it ain't real," Miss Brown praised. "It look just like your other one, and brown is a real pretty color too."

"You would say that!" Elaine laughed. "Miss Brown. Brown. Brown is a pretty color. Ha ha ha!"

"Oh, I didn't even think about that, but you right!" Miss Brown laughed merrily. Now, what you want for lunch?"

----

Jamie had sat in dozens of A.A. meetings; she'd been to treatment centers six times, but this was the first time she could remember ever being nervous. The Lunch Time group met in a Methodist church in DeGarde, Louisiana. The woman that the Central Office had sent to pick her up smiled and greeted others and introduced them to Jamie.

Jamie felt the tears of embarrassment begin as she tried to hold the cup of coffee that Claire had given her. Her hand shook so badly coffee sloshed everywhere.

"Don't worry about it," Gabe smiled at her. "My first meeting, if they had given me a glass of milk, I would have given them back a glass of butter."

"That's true," Clair laughed. "Shake? He was shaking so bad the chair was rattling!"

"That's why we use paper cups," another woman smiled. 

"But what am I supposed to do?" Jamie wailed.

"What you're doing is fine," Claire said.

"Or you can do what I had to do," the other woman suggested. "I had to just sit on my hands for the first three months."

The meeting got under way and Jamie sat and listened. She listened as Claire, a prim and proper looking woman, a woman that looked like she wouldn't even know the meaning of any curse words, shared about being a drunken slut that would leap with anyone, male or female, so long as they would buy her a drink.

"Well, I would sleep with anyone, except my husband," she laughed. "'Cause he didn't like me drinking! Like it was his loss, not having to smell me breathing whiskey in his face, saying 'hurry up, the ice is melting.'"

Gabe shared about the bitterness he felt at disappointing his wife when he'd slipped last year.

"Even my baby girl, the one that believed that Daddy can do anything, Daddy can do no wrong, she looked at me with such hurt in her eyes I couldn't even enjoy my 'big night out,'" Gabe said and blew his nose.

"He's a big girl, he cries at every meeting," Claire whispered loud enough for Gabe to hear her.

He laughed, blew his nose again and shrugged his shoulders.

"Yeah, I am a big girl," he admitted. "But I'm living proof that even sissies can get sober."

After the meeting, Claire invited Jamie to join her and her sponsor at Delphy's Diner for a quick lunch. Jamie sat and listened as the two women laughed and chattered. She couldn't remember the last time she'd laughed, a genuine laugh. 

Jamie was quiet for the long ride back to her empty apartment.

"Okay, you got my phone number, and I know Myrtle gave you her phone number," Claire said cheerfully.

"Thank you," Jamie said sincerely.

----

Ed Baggett looked through the plate glass window of his office. The production line below was hustling; no one could ever accuse the majority of his workers of being lazy.

"Except Doug Jensen," he thought, looking over the third shift's P&L statements.

A flash of color out of the corner of his eye caught his attention.

Obviously it caught quite a few peoples' attentions; work slowed down as Daphne sashayed her way from the front doors to her office located just below Ed's office.

Daphne was a thirty-year-old red head with pneumatic breasts, a slender waist and nice bubble butt. Her height of six feet made her tower over many of the Cajun males that worked there, but that didn't stop them from lusting over her. She wore her hair long and her skirts short.

As usual, her clothing was bright, loud colors, designed to get attention. As if she needed bright colors to get anyone's attention.

She looked up at Ed's window and smiled her mysterious little smile, then continued her progress to her office.

As soon as the accountant's office door closed, production picked up again.

"Damn, but I would love to bend her over my desk," Ed muttered to himself, then continued to look at the spreadsheet she'd mapped out for him.

So would ninety percent of the male Employees at the Bender mattress factory. Ed wondered how many of them would feel that way if they knew that Daphne Guidry used to be David Guidry. Her reassignment surgeries were a huge success as far as he could tell.

Chapter 63

Bob felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. The guy that was looking at the GTO just didn't seem right.

"Shit, I bet that's the same guy Paul was telling me about," Bob muttered as he pulled himself out from under the 1979 Firebird.

He cleaned his hands of the grease and pulled his cell phone out of his pocket.

"Hey, Dick," he said into the phone when his brother in law answered.

Gary looked over the prized GTO, and then pulled out the wad of cash. He'd put down a 'down payment' on the fucking car, then the stupid mother fucker could just kiss his ass for the rest of it; he'd be in Mexico.

"Help you?" the stupid mother fucker that owned the lot was asking him.

Dick kept the siren and lights off, as did the other patrol car, driven by Jackson. They knew who Gary was, knew that Bob was in a lot of trouble but Dick hadn't said anything, not wanting his brother in law to possibly tip Gary off.

"Put half down, let me pay off the rest over time?" Gary asked, forcing a friendly smile to his lips. "Cash."
