 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in any sexual acts are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 51

Paul smiled as he walked back to the car after dropping off the room key. Through the rear window, he could see that Cindy and Candy were sound asleep. He couldn't see Pam, but was sure that she too was sound asleep.

When he opened the car door, he saw Pam, curled up in Candy's lap, and yes, she was sound asleep.

"Hmm?" Cindy stirred slightly, then leaned against him.

"I love you so much," she murmured and was asleep again before he could respond.

Paul braked to let an ambulance scream past them. The ambulance slowed only slightly before turning into the wide driveway of University Medical Center.

Paul shuddered slightly. He remembered, fifteen years ago, riding in an ambulance. His mother wanted him to hold her hand as they raced to the same University Medical Center. He misted up slightly as he looked at the brown brick building.

Behind him, someone tapped a car horn and he snapped out of his reverie and pushed down on the accelerator.

----

"Caucasian female, name unknown, no ID, approximate age, eighteen years, severe trauma to head, chest, upper extremities, blood pressure unstable," the paramedic said as the two nurses ran outside to begin pulling the gurney toward the Emergency Triage area.

"Pupil constricted, non-responsive in right eye," the senior nurse said as she flashed the small light in Elaine's eye. "Left eye, oh Jesus Christ!"

The left eye socket was vacant; Bill's class ring had torn the cornea open. Repeated blows to that area of her face had ruptured the eyeball, and then caused it to burst.

"Honey stay with us," the nurse urged as Elaine again submerged into blackness.

"Help me," Elaine begged silently.

----

Ed Baggett smiled wearily as his son stomped into the house.

"Hey Bill, had a good time?" Ed asked.

"No," Bill said darkly.

The fact that his sister, his beautiful sister was in a seedy motel, fucking that scrawny little puke, Teddy Lemoine, was eating his guts alive.

"No?" Ed asked in surprise.

"No, Elaine was a total bitch all night, whining about stupid shit and Elizabeth and that little ass wipe, what's his name were all over each other, practically doing it right there in front of everybody," Bill said.

Ed pursed his lips; he did not like for his children to use profanity.

"Since I did not receive a phone call from Brother Dominick regarding Elizabeth's behavior," he said. "I sincerely doubt that Elizabeth and Teddy were acting out of line."

"Yeah, whatever," Bill said and took his jacket off.

"What the... What happened to your sleeve?" Ed asked, noticing that the sleeves, almost down to Bill's elbows, were dark red.

"What?" Bill asked, looking at his sleeves. "Beats the shit out of me."

He did remember hitting Elaine, giving her a much needed and much deserved attitude adjustment. He did not think that this might be the source of the blood.

"Son, that looks like blood," Ed said, standing and looking closer at the sleeves.

"Where the hell did that come from?" Bill asked, also looking at the sleeves.

"You didn't hit Elizabeth's boyfriend, did you?" Ed asked sharply.

No, but he should have. Just thinking about that little bastard entering Elizabeth's pussy, thrusting in and out of her hot, sweet, tight pussy made his blood boil. It also made his cock swell, thinking of her pussy, with it's dark curls and her sweet breasts, almost as big as Elaine's, and her sweet tight ass.

Her lips, so pouting and kissable; Bill thought of her lips sliding over his cock; he just knew she'd be a much better cocksucker than Elaine. And Elaine was a top-notch cocksucker. Right now, Teddy was probably pumping a load down Elizabeth's throat. Then he'd slap her, make her cry, then slap her again for crying and push her onto her back.

Teddy wouldn't use a condom; he didn't care if Elizabeth got knocked up with his bastard. As soon as Elizabeth's belly began to swell, Teddy would beat her for being stupid enough to get her pregnant, and then he'd dump her.

Bill's erection was painful as he thought of Elizabeth's belly all swollen, her tits filling with milk. He dangled the tuxedo jacket in front of himself.

"That's going to have to be dry-cleaned," Ed said.

Uh huh," Bill said and went upstairs to his room.

----

"Love you so much," Elizabeth repeated as Teddy drove toward Bender.

"Love you too," he assured her.

"I guess you think I'm a total slut, huh?" she teased and poked him in the ribs with her finger.

"No, not a 'Total' slut," he smiled and laughed as she gasped and slapped him.

"No, Baby, I don't think you're a slut," he assured her.

"Wonder what that ambulance was doing there," Elizabeth mused aloud.

"Don't know; that maid wasn't much help, huh?" Teddy said.

"Do you still love me?" Elizabeth asked, suddenly concerned.

"Yes, Baby, I still love you," he assured her.

"You better," she warned.

----

"Scan shows severe subdural hematoma," the doctor in residency said. "Any idea that she is?"

"No, and she's not responding," the nurse said.

"Well, by the time we get permission, she'll be dead," he said. "Prep her."

"Yes sir," she said, making sure to note that it was Dr. Charles Lapointe that had made the decision, should there be any legal repercussions later on.

Elaine would have been mortified as her blonde hair was shaved and more so as her skull was opened with a saw. Using irrigation and suction, Dr. Charles Lapointe removed the life-threatening blood clots, then crossed his fingers and hoped for the swelling to go down.

"Such a pretty girl," he said. "Honey, I hope you'll be all right."

The nurse looked at him oddly. Elaine did not look very pretty; the left side of her face was a mixture of swelling and indentures. Both eyes were blackened, her nose severely smashed.

"I see what WAS, not what IS," he told the nurse, sighed, them pulled his mask off.

"Call me if there's any increase in swelling, or if she comes to," Dr. Lapointe said and hastened off to answer a Code Blue page.

----

Cindy stood on tiptoes and kissed Paul good night. She let herself into the house and clutched the vase of flowers to her small chest.

"Oh, what lovely flowers," Emily Broussard said and Cindy shrieked in surprise, then laughed.

"He's the best," Cindy said and Emily smiled.

"Look, look," Cindy squealed and showed her mother the photographs of her and Paul, and her and Candy and Pam, and her and Paul and Candy and Pam.

"Quiet," her mother hissed, but smiled. "Your father's asleep."

"No, I'm not," Bill Broussard said. "You know I can't sleep unless you're in bed."

"Look, look," Cindy demanded. 

Bill looked at the three photographs, shook his head sadly; his little girl was a young woman.

"No, those are for y'all," Cindy said. "I got my own."

"God, you're so beautiful," Bill said, kissed his daughter good night, then stumbled off to bed.

"You are growing more and more beautiful every day," Emily concurred, kissed her daughter good night, and followed her husband to their bedroom.

Alone in her bedroom, Cindy slipped out of the gown and draped it over the chair of her desk. She unhooked her strapless bra and let it fall to the floor. Shoes, garter belt and stockings also fell to the floor. She began to slide her thong panties down but turned and looked at herself in the mirror that hung on her closet door. She had to admit, she looked sexy.

Paul had certainly thought so.

Candy had thought so, and Pam did too.

Her pussy began to moisten at the thought of the four of them on that large bed. She'd sucked Paul's dick, and he'd put her on her knees and put his dick in her pussy from behind. She'd tasted Candy's pussy, licked and sucked at Candy's pussy. And she'd licked and sucked at Pam's pussy too. And sucked on Candy's nipples as well as Pam's nipples.

She'd been afraid that Candy and Pam would be repulsed, even call her a lesbian. But the three of them had all kissed good night and told one another that they loved each other.

And Paul had kissed her good night, and told her that he loved her, and that she was beautiful.

She turned off the light and fell into bed. She slipped her fingers inside of the waistband of her panties and began to rub her pussy lips, separating them, looking for her clitoris.

-----

Pam looked again at the pictures. Paul had bought her pictures of them together. Paul had bought her pictures of him and her, and of her and Candy and Cindy, and of him with her and Candy and Cindy. But the one of just her and him, he'd bought her three copies.

"One for your mom and one for Miss Bobbi and Mr. Jake,, and one for you," he said to her.

She looked again at the picture of her and Candy and Cindy, her two best friends.

Her lovers.

The door opened and Pam looked over her shoulder. Candy smiled and closed the door. She walked over to the bed and knelt down to say her prayers.

Pam turned off the desk lamp and joined Candy by the side of the bed.

"I love you," Candy whispered.

In answer, Pam leaned against Candy.

----

Carmen Simone jerked awake and looked at the grandfather clock.

Five twenty three in the morning. Just who did that girl think she was?

"Young lady, I will kill you," Carmen vowed.

Chapter 52

Cindy Jensen's lip curled up in anger. Who in the hell would be calling her at seven o'clock in the morning on a Sunday?

"What?" she hissed into the phone.

"Cindy?" the harsh voice snapped. "This is Carmen Simone, Elaine's mother."

Carmen's lip tightened in distaste. She did not like the haughty girl, thought Cindy Jensen was a bitch and thought her daughter had extremely poor judgment in friends.

"No, how would I know where she is?" Cindy answered, a little more civilly.

"Well, she hasn't come home yet, and I'm getting worried," Carmen said.

Cindy looked up Bill Baggett's phone number and gave it to Carmen.

----

Ed answered the phone after checking the caller ID box; his wife had been calling nearly non-stop, screaming, drunken rampages and pleas for forgiveness and promises of newfound love, depending on how drunk she was. He did not recognize the phone number. 

"Hello?" he answered. 

"Mr. Baggett?" Carmen asked, growing more frantic as each moment passed.

"Yes?" he answered.

"Mr. Baggett, this is Carmen Simone, Elaine's mother. Your son and my daughter went to the Sweetheart Dance last night," Carmen explained.

"Yes, yes, such a lovely girl," he said.

Bill groaned. Someone was pounding on his door, demanding that he open the door right now.

"Where the hell is Elaine?" Ed yelled when he opened the door.

"Shit, how the fuck should I know?" bill mumbled and scratched his balls.

Bill was startled wide-awake when Ed backhanded him across his profane lips.

"Elaine never made it home last night; her mother is worried sick," Ed snarled. "I'm going to ask you one more time, where is Elaine?"

"I don't know!" Bill protested.

"Well, what time did you bring her home?" Ed demanded.

"I didn't," Bill said. "I stopped at the motel to see where Elizabeth was..."

He would have smirked as Ed's face lost all color, but Ed was quick to recover.

"And when I got back to the car, she was gone, so I left," Bill finished.

"What motel?" Ed asked.

----

Carlos gave the caller what information he knew; some girl was in an automobile accident and staggered into the office, and they'd called an ambulance for her.

"UMC, the one in Lafayette," Carlos told the man.

"Thank you," Ed said and hung up.

He put on his robe and padded outside and looked at his son's car. The smudges of blood were visible on the passenger window.

He walked back inside and called the police. 

----

"Still no change," the nurse said as Charles stuck his head in.

"Come on, sweetheart," he muttered.

The monitor showed a slight rise in her blood pressure, but it dipped down again.

"Might have an epidural hematoma," Dr. Moore house suggested as he looked at the chart.

"No sign of arterial damage," Dr. Lapointe mused.

"CAT Scan and MRI don't show any?" Dr. Moorehead asked.

"It may have developed post-op," Dr. Lapointe acquiesced.

"Clear it with Accounting," Dr. Moore house said.

"She'll die before those jackasses will give permission," Dr. Lapointe grimaced.

"Okay, I told you I was going to submit it, you told me you were going to submit it, we forgot," Dr. Moore house smiled.

"Good one, think it'll work?" Dr. Lapointe asked.

"No, but it'll keep us from being suspended," Dr. Moore house smiled.

"Swelling's going down, blood pressure's stabilizing," the nurse happily told Charles as he came into the ward.

"Oh, thank you, sweetheart," he said and squeezed Elaine's hand.

The blood pressure monitor shot up and Dr. Lapointe looked again at the girl's fingers.

"God damn!" he yelled. "The girl's got broken fingers and no one noticed?"

"Doctor, we were more concerned if she was going to live or not," the senior nurse tersely replied.

"You're right, I apologize," he said and asked the senior nurse to have x-rays done.

"Why you so quick to do what Dr. Lapointe want done?" Eddie asked Yolanda Garcia.

"'Cause when he's wrong, he admits it," she snapped. "Why you so quick to worry about what I do?"

----

"Wake up, get dressed," Ed snapped.

"God damn, come on, Dad," Bill grumbled.

"The police are on their way," Ed screamed into Bill's ear. "You killed Elaine, you son of a bitch!"

----

"On a Sunday?" Bob Robichaux grumbled as Marie quickly got into a pants suit.

"Hey, wish my clients would kill their girlfriends Monday through Friday," she joked tightly.

She paused and looked at the photographs on the table. Her step-son (she already thought of him as her step-son) and his three girlfriends beamed up at her. She shook her head slowly. According to Ed Baggett, her client, there was another eighteen year old, lying on a cold slab in the morgue in Lafayette.

"Objection," she said aloud. "Facts not in evidence."

----

Carmen numbly waited until eight o'clock, then woke Elise up.

"Come on," she said flatly. "We're going to get your sister."

"What?" Elise complained. "Why? Where is the big butt hole?"

"Hospital," Carmen said, still unable to comprehend it herself.

Elise scrambled into jeans and sweatshirt and followed Carmen out to the car.

"What happened? Was she in an accident?" Elise asked, upset but intrigued.

"I don't know," Carmen said. "Ed thinks she might be dead.

Carmen drove the forty miles on autopilot, numb to all external stimuli, including Elise's anguished sobs.

----

Paul stretched and groaned, then looked at the bedside clock. Nine thirteen. He had time to grab a shower, shave, then go to eleven o'clock Mass.

His erection was standing up proud as he thought of the girls and thought of what he'd like to do with them after Mass.

----He'd love to go down on them again. The three of them each had their own unique tastes and smells and he liked it. He'd like to have Candy suck his cock; Pam and Cindy had done that, but she had not. He'd like to have Pam squat over his erection; they'd run out of time before he had a chance to make love to her.

"Hey sport, just you and me for church this morning; Marie's down at the station," Bob muttered as Paul staggered down the hall to the bathroom.

"Why, what'd she do?" Paul teased.

"Nothing, smart ass," Bob smiled and sipped his coffee. "Client of hers."

----

Candy lightly kissed Pam's ear, then began tickling the smaller girl.

"Stop it," Pam giggled.

"Come on, time to get up; church today," Candy said.

"Whew, go brush your teeth!" Pam complained.

In answer Candy exhaled noisily and both she and Pam giggled.

Bobbi smiled as they bounded into the kitchen, ready for breakfast.

"I love my photographs," she said. "Thank you."

"Nun uh," Pam argued. "Thank Paul; he's the one bought them."

"Okay, I will," Bobbi smiled. "How you like your eggs?"

"Scrambled," Pam decided.

"Ooh, that's easy," Bobbi smiled.

"Um, poached, in a light hollandaise sauce," Candy said, affecting a haughty tone.

"Um, you're getting scrambled," Bobbi said and Candy stuck her tongue out at her mother.

"Hey!" Candy squealed as Bobbi popped her on her rear with the plastic spatula.

"What?" Pam giggled. "What'd she do?" 

"She hit me!" Candy complained, rubbing her rear.

"Stick your tongue out at me again, see what happens," Bobbi playfully warned.

"Mmm," Jake said, sticking his tongue out at his wife.

"Careful, buddy," Bobbi threatened, holding up the spatula. "I'm not afraid to use this."

Jake laughed and sat down at the table. Looking at the photographs, his eyes began to water again.

"Baby, you're growing up to be such a beautiful young woman," he told Candy and blew his nose.

"Don't you start that again," Bobbi demanded as she put his plate in front of him.

----

Cindy Broussard pulled her robe on over her nude body and staggered into the bathroom. The water woke her up and woke her up to the fact that she had to pee. She prepared to shut of the taps and get out when she shrugged her shoulders, spread her legs apart, and peed standing up.

"Cindy, you nasty girl," she giggled as she strained to get the last few drops out.

"Boys do it all the time," she justified, then finished showering and got out.

Chapter 53

Bill Baggett was both embarrassed and enraged that the two police officers handcuffed him, right in front of Elizabeth. They read him his rights, as if he were a common criminal, then led him out to their squad car and made him get in the back. Two other police officers were taking pictures of his car.

"A lawyer will meet you down at the station," his dad said. "Keep your mouth shut, do what she tells you to do, you hear?"

"But I didn't do nothing!" Bill protested.

"Do you hear me?" Ed screamed. "Keep your mouth shut! Do what she tells you to do! Do you understand?"

"Yeah, yeah, all right," Bill whined.

And Elizabeth stood there in her robe, looking so beautiful, so perfect, so worried.

---- 

Carmen filled out the paperwork while Yolanda paged Dr. Charles Lapointe. The news that her daughter was still alive slowly seeped in and she finally allowed herself tears.

"Hi, I'm Dr. Lapointe," the young man smiled tiredly. "Well, I'm glad to finally have a name for her. Here's what I do know..."

Carmen listened without comprehending what the very young looking man was telling her. His long blonde hair and mustache and goatee were a distraction; he looked more like a thug than a doctor. His two earrings in his left earlobe didn't help her perception of him either. Finally, Yolanda guided them to the room.

"This is a joke, right?" Elise said as she looked at Elaine. "This has got to be a joke. That's not Elaine."

Her voice grew hysterical.

"That's not my sister! My sister's beautiful!" she screamed. "My sister doesn't look like that!"

"Be quiet!" Carmen demanded.

"But Mom," Elise sobbed. "That's not Elaine! That's not her! She doesn't look like that! Where's her hair?"

----

Teddy strutted into the kitchen and smirked at Matt, Jimmy, Billy and his dad.

"Uh huh," Billy laughed and clapped his hands. "Who's the man? Huh? Who's the man?"

:That's right, bitch," Teddy said

"She's a beautiful young lady," his father said, picking up the photograph of Elizabeth and Teddy.

"Yeah, she is," Teddy said, losing all swagger and bravado. "She really, really is.

"Yeah," Billy agreed, looking at the picture. "Too bad you're in the picture, screwing it all up."

"Shut up," Teddy snapped, forcing Billy, Matt, and Jimmy to laugh at him.

"Aw, don't worry," Matt said. "Next time, maybe you can wear the dress, okay?"
