 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 31

"Don't take it personal," Bob assured Marie when Paul did not ride with them to church. "He's going to be taking Candy and Cindy to Bombay; doesn't want us cramping his style, that's all."

She couldn't help but feel a little self-conscious. She knew she wasn't beautiful, had known that all her life and any rejection hurt tremendously.

"Your brother's meeting us there?" Bob asked as he drove the GTO. It was one of his favorite cars, a powerful muscle car from the sixties.

"Uh huh," she said and looked at the small suburban landscape.

"He out to eat with us too?" Bob asked and pulled into the parking lot of the church.

"There he is," Marie smiled at her big brother. "I think so, you ask him."

Nick affectionately hugged his sister and shook hands with Bob.

"Sell her a beat up old truck, fine," he said. "Didn't say you could date her, though."

"Nicky, shut up," Marie laughed and slapped her big brother's arm.

"I'll take the truck back," Bob said, "But I'm dating her, one way or the other."

Marie felt like crying for joy and hugged onto Bob's arm as the three of them walked to the large doors of the church.

----

Cindy and Candy and Pam smiled happily as they spotted Paul entering the church. Jake, Bill, Emily and Bobbi likewise smiled as Paul joined them in the pew.

Paul was a little surprised to see Pam with them; he'd just assumed that Cindy or Candy would have brought her home yesterday. The fact that she still wore the jeans, jacket and blouse and rubber boots she'd worn yesterday told him she'd not gone home to change.

Cindy and candy pulled apart from each other so that Paul could sit between them. Pam felt a little pushed out, but Candy warmly gripped her small hand and smiled at the girl.

She knew she should feel a little funny holding onto Pam's hand, but she didn't. Last night, there'd been some giggling and pushing and shoving between the three girls as they got into Cindy's bed. Finally, it was decided that Pam would sleep in the middle and they snuggled down to go to sleep.

"Good night, Cindy said to Candy as they both sat up in the bed, Pam already lying down.

"I love you," Candy said and the two best friends kissed. 

Candy turned off the bedside lamp and snuggled down on her pillow.

"Good night," Pam whispered to Candy, and kissed her very softly, lingering a little too long. Then she rolled over and faced Cindy.

"Good night," she whispered and again her kiss was very soft, very lingering.

"I love you," Pam said and snuggled down.

"Love you too," Cindy said and felt Pam's breath exhale in a contented sigh.

Candy could feel Pam's little butt nestled against her belly and giggled; it was almost like having a teddy bear, except this was a live teddy bear.

"What?" Cindy wanted to know.

"It's almost like sleeping with a teddy bear," Candy said aloud and giggled again.

"Cindy likewise giggled; she couldn't help it, Candy's giggles were always so infectious to her.

"I'm not a teddy bear!" Pam protested, indignant.

"I know that!" Candy said and hugged the girl tightly.

She didn't mean to, but her hand rested firmly against Pam's breasts.

"We know that," Cindy said, and kissed Pam's lips.

"Okay," Pam said, slightly mollified.

Candy went to pull her arm away, but Pam gripped her arm tightly and held it in place. Candy lightly kissed Pam's small ear and again the three settled down to sleep.

Now, in church, Pam gripped Candy's hand tightly until the organist began playing, signaling the procession of the priest and deacon and altar attendants.

----

Cathy poured herself a very stiff vodka and orange juice and drank it down quickly before Ray could get there. She had balked when he suggested checking herself into a treatment center, but when he pointed out that it would look good to a judge when it came time to get her kids back, she had agreed.

She looked at the clock again; ten more minutes. She quickly poured another glassful and hurriedly drank it down. She would go and brush her teeth before he got there.

"Almost ready?" he asked and she screamed.

"Get that last bit in before we go," he said, almost gently. "It'll be your last one hopefully."

----

"And now let us offer to one another a sign of Christ's peace," the deacon intoned and Marie and Bob kissed. Nick surprised Bob by hugging him in a tight bear hug. The two men smiled broadly at each other, then preceded to offer other parishioners handshakes, an offering of peace.

Pam stood on her tiptoes and kissed Candy , then turned and hugged Miss Bobbi and then also hugged Mr. Jake. She made her way down the entire pew, kissing Cindy and Paul (her heart did a little flip-flop as her lips touched his) and hugging Mr. Bill and Miss Emily.

"God, thank God there weren't fifty people on this pew," Bill hissed to Emily. "I bet she would have hugged them all."

"Shush, she's a very affectionate girl," Emily hissed back. "Nothing wrong with that; Cindy and Candy are that way too."

Pam hadn't been raised that way; she was just so grateful to be with people that accepted her and didn't look down at her because her mother was a prostitute and her step-father was a black man. And, yes, if there had been fifty people on that pew, fifty people that accepted her and said they loved her, she would have made sure to hug or kiss all of them.

----

Elaine felt like crying; when the deacon said to offer one another the sign of peace, Cindy Jensen, her former best friend in the whole world turned around and gave her the finger. And her bratty little sister, thinking that was funny, did the same thing.

----

Teddy and Elizabeth contented themselves with a quick hug and ignored both Bill and Ed Baggett's glares.

Chapter 32

"Man, that is one wicked looking car," Nick said as he looked at the GTO

"Want to drive it?" Bob offered, holding out the keys.

"You just want to sell him a car," Marie accused and Bob smiled again.

"Absolutely," he said and Nick reluctantly declined the offer.

"But drive slow; I'm not real sure where the hell Kimble is," he said.

"Straight up Highway 19," Bob said. Can't miss it really."

"And I've got my cell phone with me," Marie said. "Just call if you get turned around."

"I wonder how the hell he's going to do this," Bob said and Marie looked over to see Paul and three girls debating on the seating in the Chevy Impala.

"Just get in," Candy finally decided for them, shoving Cindy into the car first. She followed her, then held out her arms for Pam to climb into her lap. 

"Everybody buckle up; Paul said and slammed the front passenger door shut.

"How many girlfriends did you say he had?" Marie asked.

"Two that I know of," Bob smiled.

----

"Got the whole house to ourselves?" Bill asked Emily as they pulled out of the parking lot.

"Nope, 'fraid not," Emily smiled. "Remember? You invited Jake and Bobbi over for your 'world famous duck and sausage gumbo."

"I'll tell them I burned it," he said and shook his head. "Damn it! Then Jake's going to want to watch the big screen and I'll never get rid of them!"

"Oh stop it!" Emily smiled. "You love having them over and you know it."

"Yeah I do," he smiled.

----

"Straight home," Ed Baggett warned his daughter. "Not in twenty or thirty minutes, straight home, is that understood?" 

"Yes sir," Teddy said and opened the car door for Elizabeth.

"I'll follow them," Bill offered.

"No, you won't," Ed sighed.

----

"That's the same outfit she had on yesterday, ain't it?" Jake asked Bobbi as they watched Pam climb into their daughter's lap.

"Uh huh, she spent the night with Candy and Cindy; guess she didn't have time to go home and change," Bobbi agreed.

"Ooh, duck and sausage gumbo, can't wait!" Jake said.

"Uh huh, and no falling asleep on their couch," Bobbi warned. "We have a television and a couch at home for that."

"What're you saying?" Jake asked, defensively.

"I'm saying they might want a little privacy, you know?" Bobbi said.

----

Cathy felt her head whizzing and whirling as the woman kept asking her questions and kept pushing papers in front of her to sign. She wanted Ray to come back, to get her out of here. She wanted a drink. 

"Just a few more, sweetie," the woman assured her.

"Um, look, this is a mistake," Cathy said.

"Uh huh," the woman said and pushed yet another piece of paper in front of her to sign.

"I really don't think I need to be here," Cathy said as she scrawled out her signature.

"Uh huh, and you say you have three children, two girls and a boy, right?" the woman said.

"Yeah, but Child Protection took them away from me," Cathy said and wondered where she'd put her purse.

----

"Ooh, you are such a snuggle bunny!" Candy squealed and hugged Pam tightly.

Cindy giggled at her best friend, cuddling the small girl in her lap. The ear to ear grin on Pam's face really lighted the girl's face up. She put her hand on Pam's thigh and Pam dropped one hand from Candy's arms and squeezed Cindy's hand tightly.

"Ooh," Candy squealed again and kissed the girl's ear.

"I love you," Pam declared and twisted slightly and kissed Candy's lips.

"Love you right back," Candy declared and kissed Pam back.

Cindy felt a small twinge of jealousy, which quickly dissipated when Paul put his hand on her plump thigh and squeezed it affectionately.

"Don't worry," Candy said to Cindy. "You get to hold her on the way back."

Pam felt absolutely light headed; not only did these two want her, they were actually fighting over her.

"When is it my turn?" Paul teased.

"Never!" Cindy and Candy yelled.

"Right now," Pam yelled and the three girls erupted in squeals and giggles.

----

"Yes, Honey Bunny, he's still behind us," Bob said and glanced again into the rearview mirror.

Finally, they pulled into the parking lot of the Bombay Café and Bob smiled as Paul herded the three girls toward the door.

"Oh, thank you, Mr. Paul!" Hashim him cried out as the foursome entered the foyer of the restaurant. "Finally, you bring one for me too!"

"'Fraid not, Hashim," Paul laughed.

"Hi Hashim," Cindy and Candy said in unison.

"Hi beautiful ladies," Hashim smiled. "Oh, she for your father?" 

"No, he's bringing his own," Paul laughed.

Hashim pointed them toward a large table and shook his head sadly.

"If God is good to me, in the next life, Mr. Paul, I will come back as you," he said and smiled widely and greeted Bob and the somewhat unattractive woman that clung onto Bob.

----

Teddy smiled as he drove home. They had, just as Mr. Babbett insisted, driven straight to her house and did not stop on the way. 

"Thank God she's left-handed," Teddy smiled and looked down at his lap to make sure the dark jeans hid the wet spot.

The curly headed girl had lips that were made for kissing (he shuddered just thinking about those lips kissing the head of his cock) at its that begged to be squeezed, as well as an ass that begged for a little squeezing too. But on such a tight time schedule, they didn't have any time to do any kissing or squeezing.

"Maybe later," she promised and unzipped his jeans and stroked her hand along the length of his manhood through the material of his briefs.

"She laughed aloud when he groaned and spurted into his briefs, then zipped his jeans back up.

"There, that ought to keep you until Friday, huh?" she said and patted the shrinking lump in his jeans.

"What?" he croaked. "What about tomorrow? It's Martin Luther King Day, isn't it?"

"Oh, that's right!" she said. "And I think Daddy has to work!"

"Hopefully, dick head won't be there," Teddy said to himself and let himself in to the small home he and his parents and three older brothers shared.

Chapter 33

"Okay, three," Bob said as he watched his son and the three girls getting into the green impala.

He would have had to be blind to miss the adoring looks that Pam kept giving his son. And his son, God he was so proud of that boy, had been as attentive to Pam as he had been to Cindy and to Candy.

Cindy and Candy had to see the interaction between Pam and Paul too, but if it bothered them, they didn't let on one bit.

They also did their best to make Marie feel welcome and were polite to Nick.

"Yep, three girlfriends," Marie agreed. "He better not be a chip off the old block, you here?"

"And you're staying another night?" Bob asked.

"Yep, Martin Luther King Day, courthouse's closed," Marie said. "Hurry up, it's cold out here."

"Bob, real good to see you again," Nick said and hugged his sister goodbye.

"Good to see you too," Bob agreed and held out a hand to shake but the man hugged him instead.

"Hope you don't mind; we're just a real demonstrative family," Nick said and gave his sister another kiss before getting into his own car.

"Don't mind at all," Bob agreed and closed the passenger door for Marie.

----

"Movies?" Paul asked.

"No, there's just that stupid cartoon one," Candy said.

"Oh?" Paul smiled and rubbed his hand on her leg. "Didn't say we had to watch it, did I?"

Cindy squeezed Pam tightly; Candy was right, Pam was a real snuggle bunny.

"I um, I kind of like cartoons," Pam said and squeezed Cindy's arms tightly.

"Me too," Cindy said and stuck her tongue out at Candy.

"Don't stick that thing out unless you're going to use it," Candy hissed playfully to Cindy and gasped as Cindy quickly leaned over and licked her on the tip of her nose.

"What? What'd you do?" Pam demanded as Candy squealed in disgust and Cindy burst out in elated giggles.

"She told me not to stick my tongue out unless I was going to use it, so I licked her nose," Cindy whispered in Pam's ear and Pam giggled as well.

----

"Yeah, they've got a day off," Bill commiserated with Jake, indicating Emily. "We, we got to bust our butts anyway."

"Aw, you poor, poor baby," Emily cooed.

"Cold, cold woman," Bill said. "See? That, that right there's why men need football and beer."

"What? So they can get drunk and stupid?" Bobbi teased.

"Drunk," Jake said. "Don't need no help when it comes to stupid."

"And that's how we like it!" Bill cheered and shared a high five with Jake.

"Whatever," Emily said and began clearing the table.

----

"Damn it, my pussy's all sore," Marie complained lightly as she and Bob snuggled in the bed.

"Aw, want me to kiss it and make it all better?" Bob teased.

"Yeah, would you?" Marie asked and rolled over onto her back.

"Yes ma'am," Bob said eagerly and crawled under the covers.

"Oh, good, good, good," Marie chanted as he slobbered up and down her wet slit, looking for her clitoris.

----"

And then I'd suck it for you," Elizabeth whispered into the telephone.

"Oh, God!" Teddy groaned.

She giggled, so happy to have a boyfriend. For as long as she could remember, her overbearing, domineering brother had driven any boys that seemed even remotely interested in her. And Teddy was so cute and so sweet.

"Now tell me what you'd do," she asked and lazily stroked up and down her wet slit.

"I'd have to start at those beautiful lips of yours," he said. 

She sighed happily. She knew she had nice tits, and a really nice ass; even Cindy Jensen had said she had a nice ass; but Teddy didn't say anything about those. He said he'd start off at her lips. Teddy Lemoine was doing a pretty good job of stealing her heart.

----

"Rise and shine, sleepy head!" the nurse said cheerfully as she marched into Cathy's room. 

A frightened looking girl staggered in behind the nurse, dressed in a hospital gown just like the one Cathy wore. She hesitated, wobbled, and then leaned against the wall.

"Go the fuck away and leave me alone," Cathy mumbled.

"Oh, come on now!" the nurse laughed. "You don't mean that!"

Cathy's head was pounding so hard she was sure it would explode. The new patient suddenly coughed, then vomited heartily and Cathy felt sick to the pit of her stomach at the smell of the vomit.

The nurse didn't seem perturbed at all; just marched over to the intercom and punched a button.

"Yes?" a voice crackled.

"Need a mop in here, and probably a clean, yes, bring a clean gown," the nurse said cheerfully.

The new girl stood there and sobbed piteously but did not move from her spot, leaning up against the wall.

"Get the fuck out," Cathy screamed at the intruders.

"Now, now, didn't know you'd paid for a personal suite," the nurse said sarcastically, but was not mean-spirited.

A heavy-set orderly pushed the mop and bucket in, looked at the mess and shook her head. Gently, she pulled the shaking, sobbing girl backward and began to mop up the vomit.

"Gown's coming," she said to the nurse.

"Please, please, get out," Cathy begged.

"YOU going to mop this up?" the orderly asked Cathy.

----

"How are we going to do this?" Cindy asked as the foursome selected a group of seats.

"Don't know," Candy admitted.

She was nervous. Kissing Cindy, making out with Cindy was one thing; they only did that when they were with Paul. But making out with Cindy with Pam right there was another thing entirely. And she definitely wasn't going to be grabbing Cindy's boobs or having Cindy grab her boobs; that would be all she would need, for someone to blab that all over the school that she and Cindy were gay or something.

"I'll sit with you," Pam decided.

"Oh?" Paul teased. "And suppose Candy wants to make out?" 

"Paul!" Candy squealed and slapped his upper arm as hard as she could (it hurt her hand a lot more than it hurt his arm.) "Shut up!"

"Do you?" Pam asked and looked up at Candy.

"No!" Candy protested. "Paul's just a butt head!"

Paul laughed and walked in behind Candy. Cindy stood there for a moment, then followed Paul and sat down next to him. When Cindy regained her composure, she leaned across Paul and looked at a smugly smiling Pam.

"And suppose I want to make out?" she playfully asked.

"Do you?" Pam asked and looked at Cindy.

"Well, um, I..." Cindy stammered.

"Got you there," Paul laughed.

"Shut up," Cindy said and hugged his left arm tightly.

"You shut up," he said and kissed her.

"No, you shut up," she said and fed him her tongue.

Candy looked over at the small girl; Pam had grabbed onto her right arm and was hugging it tightly, leaning her small head on Candy's shoulder.

"You are such a snuggle bunny, you know that?" she smiled.

"Uh huh," Pam said happily.

She looked at Candy again.

"If you, um, if you do want to make out, I'll, it's um..." she said quietly.

The lights dimmed and the long blaring of previews started. Pam leaned her head back on Candy's shoulder. Paul leaned over and kissed Candy, which was slightly encumbered by Pam's clinging onto Candy.

"What about me?" Pam whispered when Candy and Paul pulled apart.

Paul leaned over as far as he could and pressed his lips to hers. Her kiss was soft, tingling. 

"Damn," Paul thought. "She's a really good kisser."

Candy watched as Paul and Pam kissed, and then watched Paul sit up again. Pam twisted in her seat and tugged on Candy's arm. Candy turned to face her and was slightly startled when Pam's lips pressed softly to hers for an intimate kiss.

"What about Cindy?" Candy teased Pam once she'd been able to talk again.

She was so embarrassed; Pam's kisses were very sensuous, very exciting.

"Oh yeah!" Pam said and clomped over to stand in front of Cindy, who was still breathless from Paul's kiss.

She was a little startled by the intimate kiss from Pam, especially when Pam mumbled "I love you."

"I love you too," Cindy said and looked over as Pam sat down on her left side.

Pam clung to Cindy's left arm and put her head on Cindy's shoulder. She felt so good; she had two really sweet friends, and actually got to kiss Paul, who she had a big, big crush on.
