 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 21

Candy Broussard was tired at the breakfast table the next morning. She'd not gotten much sleep the night before.

"Look like a raccoon with those circles under your eyes," Jake teased and she smiled despite her exhaustion. 

He kissed his daughter goodbye, and then kissed his wife goodbye and he and Bill left for their workday.

Cindy Broussard already had the Toyota running and the interior warm when Candy tramped out to the car. Candy smiled widely; Cindy's face was just as haggard looking as her own. When she yanked the door open, Cindy looked at her worriedly.

"Hi," Candy said brightly. "Let's go."

Cindy felt a huge weight lifted off of her heart. She knew that Candy had felt funny about their intimate kiss last night; they kissed one another all the time, but last night, Cindy had put her tongue into Candy's mouth.

"I love you," she confessed and hugged Candy tightly.

"Love you too," Candy admitted and put her lips to Cindy's.

"Come on, let's go," Cindy said and put the car into gear.

"Those two," Emily smiled as she watched the two girls, squealing and chattering, drive off.

----

Paul shoved the peanut butter sandwiches into his lunch bag, took the last banana and orange as well, and raced outside. 

The GTO rumbled to life; he'd not wanted to leave it on the lot after that strange guy had driven it. They'd had a few cars broken into, and had a few people try to steal their cars and that weird guy just struck Paul as the type.

He thought of Cindy and Candy and felt, for the thousandth time that morning, his cock swell to full hardness.

He could imagine their arms around him, their soft lips on his lips, the small lumps of their breasts pressed against him, the full swell of their asses in his hands.

"Damn it!" he laughed. This wasn't helping his cock go down at all.

He rolled down the window of the car and let the cold air blow over his face. He honked his horn as he saw the Broussard sisters' Toyota just ahead of him.

"Why's that guy honking at you?" Candy asked, not recognizing the car.

""I don't know," Cindy said.

Paul floored the accelerator and whipped the powerful car around the girls, honking the horn a couple of times.

"That was Paul!" Candy squealed and Cindy smiled.

"Even if we had a rocket ship, we'd never catch up with him!" she laughed.

----

Cindy Jensen had bags under her eyes; Bill Baggett had called her cell phone nonstop until 1:00 in the morning, when she'd finally turned it off. Why she hadn't thought of that earlier, she didn't know. Now he was sitting directly behind her, staring holes into the back of her head.

When she had dumped Paul for Bill, all she could see was the dollar signs of the Baggetts. She had controlled Paul easily enough, maintained her position as the one in charge of their relationship; the idea that she would not be able to control Bill had never occurred to her.

The Broussard sisters entered the room, chattering excitedly with Paul and Cindy felt a wave of white-hot hatred well up in her.

Teddy and Elizabeth smiled at each other; Bill was too distracted with Cindy Jensen to give Teddy any grief and they took advantage of it.

----

Bob Robichaux Smiled at Marie as he sat at the breakfast table. She smiled back and reached for his empty coffee mug. She refilled his cup and stirred in a tablespoon of sugar and topped it off with a touch of cream.

He'd come in last night and stood in the kitchen doorway, smiling as she sang along with 'Beth' by Kiss. She blushed hotly, embarrassed that she'd been caught singing aloud, and pointed to the table.

He sat down and she served him the fried chicken, mashed potatoes and peas and carrots.

"Damn," Bob had said. "Beautiful, and you can cook too?"

Marie looked at him, stunned. No one had ever called her beautiful. She had a large nose, her father's nose, small eyes and a strong jaw. One of her classmates had called her 'horse face,' and that's what Marie saw when she looked in the mirror. 

Not even her father, whom she had adored with all her heart, had ever called her beautiful. He called her 'Honey Bunny,' and never let her forget that she was loved, adored, but he didn't tell her she was pretty or beautiful. Nicky, her big brother, who had protected her all of her life, never told her she was beautiful.

Bob wasn't making an empty compliment; Marie looked a lot like his beautiful Rebecca. Put brown hair on Marie, and you'd have a sister to Rebecca. And Rebecca had been a great cook. He'd wanted to hit her father when his father in law had said, "We told Rebecca, 'better learn to cook,' that's the only way she'll ever get a man."

He ate with relish and talked about himself, about his son, about his deceased wife.

"Damn! I am so sorry!" he finally gasped.  "I've been running my mouth all night and haven't let you get a word in edgewise."

"And what would you like for me to talk about?" she laughed.

"Um, so what do you do at the Courthouse?" he asked.

"Finishing up my internship," she said. "I keep hoping they'll offer me a position, but they probably won't."

"What? Why not?" Bob asked.

"There's three interns and two slots about to become vacant," Marie smiled. "One of the interns has huge boobs and round heels for any of the assistant D.A.sand the other intern is male. So you tell me, what chance do I have?"

"I can remember a time when the ones that worked the hardest got the job," Bob said and shook his head.

"Yeah, well, Nicky keeps after me to sell this house and move out to Lafayette. He's sure I'll have a better chance of getting on with a law firm out there," Marie smiled. "So, when my internship is up next month, I'll have a 'For Sale' sign out front." 

"Lafayette's not all that far from Bender," Bob smiled.

"No, no it's not," she smiled back. "Why? Spend a lot of time in Lafayette?"

"For food this good, and a chance to look at a pretty woman, I'll find a reason to come out to Lafayette," Bob said.

"Stop it," Marie laughed. "Bob, I'm not pretty!"

Rebecca used to say that all the time too. Bob thought she went a little overboard sometimes with the modesty bit, but just shrugged it off.

Finally, he begged exhaustion and she showed him to the guest room. She hugged him good night (she and her father and her brother were all very affectionate people; her mother wasn't, but they always hugged). Bob looked down into her green eyes, smiled and kissed her on her lips.

The kiss quickly became a passionate open-mouthed kiss and when Marie felt his hand on her breast, she gave in to the feelings that had been locked away ever since adolescence.

Now, at the breakfast table, there was no shame in what they had done, there was no regret. Bob's only regret was that he would have to leave soon.

----

Cathy Hernandez woke up to the sound of someone pounding on her door. The pounding on the door matched the pounding in her head. She started to walk to the door, remembered to grab her robe and knotted the sash around her nakedness as she staggered to the door.

She groaned inward; it was her landlord on the porch. She knew she was a couple of weeks behind on rent, but Crystal and Rochelle's fathers were a couple of months behind on their child support.

"Good morning, Mr. Hayes," she mumbled and tried to block his entrance.

"Ms. Hernandez, we've got a bit of a problem," he said in his whining nasal voice.

Chapter 22

Cindy Jensen looked on from her table as Paul, Candy, and Cindy laughed, talked, and laughed some moor. She tried to tell herself that they were just putting on an act, an act designed to make her jealous. But she'd known for quite a while that the Broussard sisters were head over heels in love with Paul. It was no act.

Next to her, Bill Baggett ate his lunch, unmindful of how uncomfortable he made her. Across from her, Elaine looked over at Bill, and then looked away quickly. Cindy felt a small glimmer of hope.

----

Underneath the table, Paul put his hand briefly on Candy's plump thigh, sending a thousand Goosebumps all over. 

Cindy wanted to scream; his hand rested momentarily on her thigh, close to her crotch. She wanted so badly to grab his hand and press it firmly to her crotch, to have him rub her the way she rubbed herself every night.

"Basketball game tonight," he reminded them and they agreed that they would be there to cheer him on.

"Mr. Robichaux, hands above the table," Sister Theresa said as she strolled past.

"Yes Sister," Paul said and put both hands on top of the table.

----

Hank came out of the office when he saw Bob Robichaux pull up into the lot.

"Bob, you ugly son of a bitch," he called out. "What brings you to this neck of the woods?"

"It sure as hell ain't your ugly face," Bob called back.

The two men laughed and gave each other an affectionate hug.

"Damn it, Bob, how lung's it been?" Hank asked as he pointed to the Oldsmobile he'd been unable to get running.

"Been a while, that's for sure," Bob agreed. "How are Jackie and the kids?"

"Jackie's still as fat as ever, still riding my ass every day, and the kids are doing their best to put me in an early grave," Hank said and smiled.

Bob made short work of winching the Oldsmobile onto the bed of the truck and tied it down. Hank watched in admiration; Bob wasted no motions or energy. Every movement was deliberate.

"Thanks for taking that one off my hands," Hank said and the two men shook hands again.

"Let me use your little boy's room, before I hit the road," Bob said.

"Yeah, you need a 'little' boy's room," Hank teased.

"Hey just don't want to make you feel all self-conscious," Bob teased back.

----

Cathy poured herself another drink; the taste of Mr. Hayes semen still on her tongue. It wasn't the first time she'd ever sucked a man's cock to get what she wanted and she was sure it wouldn't be the last. Right now, all she wanted was another month of living rent-free. She was sure he'd be back, probably tomorrow or the next day.

She wondered briefly what her kids were doing and wondered if she should call the Child Protection Services office to see about getting them back. She finished her drink and fixed another one.

----

"Hi, I hope I'm not interrupting anything?" Marie's voice came through, sounding almost skittish, uncertain.

"Hey," Bob smiled. "No, no, just getting out of Baton Rouge, another fifty minutes and I'll be home."

"I'm at lunch right now," she said softly into the phone. "Ben thinking about you."

"Been thinking about you too," he admitted. "I honestly don't know when I'll be back to New Orleans. Probably not any time soon."

"Suppose my truck dies?" she suggested. "Do y'all have roadside assistance?"

"For you?" he laughed. "Yeah, I think I can manage that."

"How about if I come up to Bender?" she suggested.

"I think I'd like that a lot," he admitted.

Her coworkers looked at her a little oddly as she smiled; they were not used to seeing Marie smile.

----

"Since when do you like basketball?" Bobbi teased as Candy called her to let her know where she would be that evening.

"Mom!" Candy squealed in protest.

"Basketball?" Emily smiled. "Cindy, you don't know the first thing about basketball! Oh! Let me guess! Paul Robichaux?"

"You're not funny," Cindy laughed.

"You mean we'll have the house to ourselves?" Bill asked, already grabbing for his wife's breasts.

"Yes, Captain Horny," Emily smiled.

Chapter 23

Paul had to smile in embarrassment; every time he did anything, there were two excited squeals from the bleachers. Even Coach Brighton gave him a hard time about it.

Bill Baggett sat on the bench and seethed. Coach Brighton had yanked him off the court; it seemed Bill was working harder at blocking Paul than blocking anyone on Breaux Bridge's team.

Breaux Bridge pulled ahead in the last quarter and St. Thomas Aquinas lost by twelve points. That did not dampen Candy and Cindy's excitement as they waited for their boyfriend to exit the locker room.

"You were great," Candy praised him and he had to laugh.

"Yeah, you were great," Cindy agreed.

He walked with them outside; the January wind was really picking up and they ran for their cars. They each snuck a kiss from him then dashed for their car; it was a school night.

"I am so in love," Cindy sighed as Candy drove the Toyota home.

"Yeah," Candy agreed and pulled to a stop in front of her house.

"I love you," Cindy said and prepared to get out of the car.

"Yeah?" Candy said, teasingly. "Who you love more?"

"What?" Cindy asked.

"Never mind," Candy said, blushing hotly.

"I love you most of all," Cindy admitted and gripped Candy's hand.

"I do too," Candy admitted and they hugged each other quickly, and then ran for their homes.

----

Cathy staggered to the door, wondering who would be knocking at eight thirty in the evening. She felt horrible and wondered if she'd remembered to eat anything that day.

"Yeah?" She asked and regarded the police officer with animosity.

"Hello ma'am," Officer Holloway smiled. "Just thought I'd stop by and see how you're doing."

Cathy vaguely remembered him; he'd been the smart ass cop that had suggested she go to Alcoholics Anonymous.

"How the fuck you think I'm doing?" she spat bitterly. "Y'all took my kids, say I'm under investigation for making threats over the phone, you're being a big dick head and saying I need to go to A.A., how the fuck do you think I'm doing, ass hole?"

"Smells like you've been doing a little more drinking today," he said easily. "Hope you haven't called anyone."

"No, no, I've not made any more threats," she said and prepared to close the door.

"Sure?" he asked. "You say you didn't remember making any threats the last time."

"Want to come in and check the fucking phone?" she spat and flung the door open.

"Okay," he said and entered the house.

She slammed the door and glared at him. He stood and smiled at her with all the arrogance of a typical cop.

"Eat anything today?" he asked and looked at the kitchen table, at her empty bottle of vodka.

No," she admitted.

"Want to?" he asked.

"Yeah," she admitted, feeling the shakes coming on.

"Go get yourself cleaned up and dressed and we'll go down to Hub City Diner," he said and she wondered if she dared to fix herself another drink with him standing there.

----

"No, no, you're not bothering me," Bob smiled as Marie and he talked. "No, I was just getting ready to shut everything down, the glass still didn't come in, and not much else I can do without it."

"Hey Dad," Paul said as he entered the office.

"Hang on," Bob said and put the phone down. "How'd it go?" 

"Terrible," Paul laughed. "We got our Asses beat."

"Um, how come you drove the GTO?" Bob asked, embarrassed and mad at himself for forgetting his son's basketball game.

"Had some psycho come by last night looking at it, really didn't feel safe leaving it on the lot," Paul admitted.

"Oh, okay, then hang on to it," Bob said.

"Who's on the phone?" Paul asked, nodding at the telephone still sitting on the desk.

"My um, my girlfriend," Bob admitted and blushed.

"Marie thought she would faint; did she just hear Bob say that she was his girlfriend?

----

"So what was the final score?" Jake asked as Candy shoveled the spaghetti into her mouth.

"Don't know," she admitted. "I think we lost."

"Slow down," Bobbi chided. "How can you even taste that?"

"You sat through an entire basketball game and you don't know who won?" Jake teased.

"I think a more appropriate question is 'How many baskets did Paul score?'" Bobbi teased.

"Seven," Candy said, then squealed in indignation as both Jake and Bobbi laughed.

----

Cindy sat at her desk and did her homework. She finished the last of the Algebra problems and smiled as her cell phone rang.

"Hello?" she sang out, sure it was Candy.

"Hey," Paul's voice caressed her ear.

"Hi," she giggled happily.

She looked over her shoulder; her door was firmly shut. She hunched over the desk slightly and put her left hand into the waistband of her pajama bottoms.

They talked for a few minutes, about nothing in particular, then told each other they'd see each other at school the next day and hung up.

"Oh, God!" Cindy grunted as she rubbed herself to a powerful orgasm.

She pulled her slick fingers from her pajama bottoms and looked at her hand, wondering what to do with them. Finally she rubbed them dry on her pajama top and finished up her homework.

----

Marie got out her favorite toy and turned it on. Its familiar buzzing sound filled the room and she smiled as she ran it up and down the length of her slit. Until last night, this was the closest she'd ever had to the real thing. Bob had filled her like this toy never had, and had put a delicious weight behind the sensation. Plus that, this little toy never told her she was beautiful, or tight, or hot.

"Oh, Bob!" she called out and tensed in a powerful orgasm.

----

Candy lay on her belly and hunched her pussy against the blue velvet teddy bear, imagining it was Paul between her legs.

He'd called her. Called her and talked with her and told her how special she was and how beautiful she was and how glad he was to be with her and with Cindy.

Cindy. She was so glad to be with Cindy too. She loved Cindy with all of her heart.

She pressed her face against her pillow to stifle the squeal of orgasm.

When she caught her breath, she reached for her cell phone and hit the speed dial for Cindy's number.

----

Cathy was horribly embarrassed; her hands were shaking so badly she could barely eat the peas that came with her meatloaf and mashed potatoes and gravy.

Ray just shrugged and ate his hamburger.

"When I used to drink, I learned to stay away from food like that," he said and she looked up sharply.

"It's just that..." she tried to come up with an excuse but knew she didn't have an excuse.

"Want a spoon?" Ray asked and wiped off the spoon that came with his cup of coffee.

"Thank you," she whispered and felt the sting of tears.

"You don't have to live like that if you don't want to," he said softly and she hunched over and began to sob.

----

Bob cursed that it was only Tuesday night; he'd have to wait three more nights before Marie would be coming up to visit.

Chapter 24

Friday afternoon rolled around and Bob was looking up every five minutes to see if a white 1969 Ford F150 was rolling onto the parking lot.

"Damn, Dad," Paul laughed as he slid out from under the firebird. "You're worse than I am!"

"Kiss my ass," Bob grunted but smiled. "Looks like your girls are here."

"You sure it's okay?" Paul asked, even as he was scooping up the hand washing foam.

"Yeah," Bob smiled as an ecstatic Candy and Cindy bounded out of the Toyota and ran up to the garage.

"Hi Mr. Robichaux," Candy said.

"Hi," Cindy echoed.

"Paul said he's too busy," Bob joked. "But said that y'all can take me out instead."

"Nuh uh!" Cindy said and stuck her tongue out at him.

"No he didn't!" Candy argued.

"Dad, please," Paul laughed as he finished washing his hands. He checked them carefully for any missed grease, and then dried his hands.

Bob shook his head as both girls turned their faces up for a kiss.

"See you later, Dad," Paul said as he herded the to girls toward their car.

"Where're y'all going?" Bob called out.

"Manny's" Paul called back.

"Okay, who gets the front seat and who gets the back?" Paul asked.

"Oh!" Candy said. "I didn't even thing of that!"

"Hey Dad, is the Impala ready yet?" Paul called out.

"No, give it another day or two," Bob called back. "Take one of the Caddies."
