 *Author's Note: Any persons engaging in any sexual act are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 41

Cindy, Candy, and Pam looked at one another and all three groaned. That dreaded 'time of the month' was here and all three were feeling the full effects; bloated, tired, irritable.

Not even Paul's presence could snap them out of it as he blissfully ate his peanut butter and apple jelly sandwiches.

All four of them watched as Andy Richards slapped a poster on the wall of the cafeteria then walked toward the opposite wall, poster and tape in hand. The scrawny red head snuck a look over at Cindy Jensen and blushed hotly, a bright red that hid his numerous freckles from view. 

He slapped a poster onto the other wall, stepped back to admire his handiwork, and then exited the cafeteria.

"Chairman of the planning committee," Paul explained to the girls.

"Yeah, he kept asking us to be on that," Cindy Broussard said. 

"Yeah," Candy Broussard chimed in. "I mean, I know we couldn't get dates to none of that stuff, but who wants to be on the planning committee if you ain't going to go?"

"You got a date now," Paul said and all three looked at him, then looked at each other and squealed excitedly.

"Really?" Pam asked.

In answer, Paul dug out his wallet and showed the girls the four tickets he'd bought for the Sweetheart Dance.

"God, do those pigs ever stop squealing?" Cindy Jensen snapped.

"Really," Elaine giggled.

Cindy Jensen looked over at the posters Andy 'The Geek' Richards had slapped onto the walls and felt a lurch in the pit of her stomach. The Sweetheart Dance was coming up in just two weeks, thirteen days, and she did not have a date. 

It was her own fault; she knew that. But knowing that and admitting that are two different things. She looked back at the squealing pigs and her former boyfriend and felt the anger boiling to the surface.

"So is this the 'Freak' table?" Cindy Jensen hissed at Paul as she carried her tray to the stack.

"No, but if you pull up a chair, it will be," Paul smiled and Cindy Jensen glared at the little midget, Pam, as the girl gasped at Paul's comment.

"What the fuck's so funny, Dopey?" she snarled.

"Hey, Cindy, how's your mom?" Cindy Broussard asked.

She didn't know why, but any mention of the pretty, formerly popular girl's mother sent the arrogant bitch into a tizzy.

"Fuck you, fat ass bitch," Cindy Jensen spat with all the venom she could muster.

"That will be enough, Miss Jensen," Sister Angela said as she slapped a Detention slip on the table for Cindy Jensen.

"I hope you rot in Hell," Cindy hissed at the smirking Cindy Broussard.

"And you'll be there to hold the door open for me," Cindy Broussard laughed as Cindy Jensen stormed away.

"What's her problem?" Pam asked.

"You find out, let us know," Candy answered.

----

Teddy felt slightly nauseous; he knew the facts of life, knew the menstrual cycle was a part of all of that, but didn't really want to know all the intimate details. But Elizabeth, for whatever reason, felt compelled to tell him all about it.

He knew he would not be putting his mouth anywhere near her pussy for a long time and wondered just how long it would take him to work up the courage to perform oral sex on her. If he ever did that again.

Even her brother looked a little green around the gills as she talked about the cramps, and how heavy the flow was at the onset.

Finally, Elaine spoke up.

"Elizabeth! Enough! Hell, I have my own and I'm sick of hearing about yours!" Elaine said.

Elizabeth looked actually surprised that anyone did not want to hear about it.

"Oh, well, um, sorry!" she said.

"Uh huh," Teddy said and went back to eating the bologna sandwich his mother made for him. 

----

Cindy Jensen sat in the Library with the five other students that had earned themselves Detentions and seethed. The entire hour was spent in a silent rage, rather than spent on something constructive. 

Kay and Molly used the time to study and quiz each other in Spanish. Jimmy Aucoin read his Algebra textbook. Two students from the ninth grade; she didn't know their names, sat and played speed chess with each other.

"Okay," Sister Andrea said. "Hour's up."

Cindy walked outside, wondering how she was going to get home. True, the trailer park was only three miles away from the school; walking distance, but she didn't feel like walking. The February wind was cold, made all the colder by Louisiana's humidity. 

She let a rare smile crack her face as Elaine tapped her car horn.

"Hey, you waited for me?" Cindy asked as she yanked the door of Elaine's 1993 Cutlass Supreme open.

"Sure, why not?" Elaine smiled. "You'd do the same for me, right?"

"Sure," Cindy quickly agreed, even though she realized she would not have waited on Elaine, or anyone else.

Elaine giggled as her cell phone rang and looked at Cindy.

"Bill's about to lose his mind," she laughed. "You were so right, don't answer it and he'll do whatever you tell him!"

"Men are so stupid sometimes," Cindy sneered.

"See you later," Elaine smiled as Cindy got out of her car and ran to her trailer.

"Thanks again," Cindy called out.

Sure enough, Bill Baggett sat in the driveway of her house. She smiled innocently, but made sure her jacket was open. Even in his anger, he could see that Elaine was not wearing a bra. Her dark nipples were just barely visible under the white blouse.

"Really? Oh, I'm sorry," Elaine, said easily when he complained about her not answering her cell phone. "Must have had it on 'vibrate' or something."

She squealed with delight when he showed her the two tickets he'd bought for the Sweetheart Dance.

"Yeah, think you know anyone that'd want to go to that?" he asked casually.

"With you?" Elaine laughed. "Gee, she'd have to be pretty desperate, but I'll ask around."

She looked up at the house to make sure that Elise wasn't peeking out of the window at them and lifted the hem of her skirt to show Bill that her bra wasn't the only piece of undergarments she was missing.

He smiled lecherously at her hairless pussy and reached out his hand to touch it. She laughed and stepped back from his car. She let the hem drop, turned around and, with a saucy little wiggle to her hips, walked to the front door of her house.

She knew her mother would not be happy about the Sweetheart Dance; it would mean the added expense of a ball gown, new shoes, and hair and nails. Elise needed new braces and her mother had been scrimping and saving for that. She wondered if her father would consider kicking in a few bucks but as soon as the thought entered, she knew the answer. Her father wouldn't consider kicking in anything; he was too busy with his new wife and new son.

"Tough shit, Squirt," Elaine thought as she let herself into the house. "But you'd hate wearing braces anyway."

----

Bobbi smiled as Cindy and Candy entered, chattering and squealing a mile a minute. She then noticed that Pam's voice was not in the midst of the squeals and shrieks and looked out of the kitchen. Sure enough, the girl was with the other two, but she wasn't squealing or talking. Cindy and Candy did not notice, though, all caught up in their excitement.

She managed to ferret the information; the Sweetheart Dance was next Saturday and they were finally going. They'd stayed at home the previous three, pining and sighing that no one had invited them, that Paul Robichaux had not invited them. This year, Paul Robichaux had invited them.

"He invited you too, right?" Bobbi asked Pam.

"Yes ma'am," Pam said and hung her head.

"What's wrong?" Bobbi asked.

"Nothing," Pam mumbled.

"Cindy, Candy, go get out of your school clothes," Bobbi ordered and pulled Pam into the kitchen.

"Okay, what's wrong?" Bobbi asked again.

"Miss Bobbi, I can't go to that dance," Pam started to cry. "I don't got nothing to wear and I can't afford, I seen them dresses at Ballard's and they cost way too much money."

"Well, who said you had to get your dress from Ballard's?" Bobbi asked.

"But where then?" Pam asked. "Goodwill never has nothing in my size anyway!"

"I made my dress, when Mr. Jake and I went to the Sweetheart Dance, oh God, has it already been twenty years?" Bobbi said.

"Oh, thank you Miss Bobbi!" Pam said.

"Uh uh, don't be thanking me," Bobbi smiled. "I'm not making three dresses all by myself."

"Three dresses?" Pam asked.

"Yeah, Cindy and Candy aren't going to Ballard's either," Bobbi said and shooed Pam out of the kitchen.

----

"Looking for your boyfriend?" Tammy teased as they crowded into the ramshackle house on Twelfth Street for the Monday night speaker meeting.

"Uh huh," Cathy admitted and smiled idly as Ray turned around and saw her.

"Hey, like for you to meet Dick," Ray said and took her hand. "He's my sponsor."

"Oh, Honey, you're too pretty to be an alcoholic," Dick said and Cathy shook her head and smirked at the old man.

"She is, I assure you," Ray smiled.

"Honey, I've spilt more than you've ever drank," Dick went on.

"Well, maybe if you'd drank more and spilled less, you'd gotten here sooner," Ray shot back and the two men guffawed.

"Want some coffee?" Ray asked and Cathy smiled as he fixed her a cup, just the way she liked it, too sweet.

"All right, all right, let's have one of them there a and a meetings I keep hearing about," Dick gruffly said and the people began to quiet down. 

Ray and Cathy sat in the front of the room, close to the podium. Dick had someone read 'How It Works' out of the book, Alcoholics Anonymous, then had someone else read the Twelve Traditions. Dick read a few announcements and had a very nervous girl give out the chips, the plastic tokens used to mark periods of sobriety.

Then Dick introduced the speaker for the evening and Cathy's mouth opened wide as Ray stood up and approached the podium.

She listened as he described feeling like he was unloved and unlovable as a small boy. She listened as he described always feeling like he just didn't fit in, just didn't feel like he belonged.

She sipped her coffee and realized it was ice cold. She'd been listening intently as he recounted his first drink, then his last night of drinking. She realized that she and Ray were a lot alike; both hungry for love, for acceptance. She'd turned to vodka and sex for it; he'd turned to whiskey and carrying a gun and hiding behind a badge.

"Thank you, Nancy

"That's MISTER Nancy to you, Buddy," Ray laughed.

Chapter 42

Cindy Jensen sat in her room and went down the list of available boys in her class. She eliminated all of them; none met her exacting standards.

"Guess you aren't going to the Sweetheart Dance," she told herself.

Her cell phone rang; it was Elaine Simone. Grudgingly she picked up her phone and listened, with increasing animosity as Elaine prattled on and on about Bill Baggett inviting her to the Sweetheart Dance.

----

"Hey, Dad, Dad!" Paul called out as he got home from the car lot. 

It was becoming more and more frequent; Paul was left to run the car lot by himself. He didn't mind, really. There were always cars that needed to be worked on, there where the occasional customer that wandered onto the lot, and from time to time, Cindy, Candy, and Pam would come out to the lot to keep him company.

They hadn't come tonight. All three were feeling the full brunt of 'that special time of the month,' and just didn't feel up to tramping around the dirty garage, or standing outside in the bitter wind of a cold February night.

The light on the answering machine blinked and Paul listened to the message. His father had left a message, telling him that he'd gone down to Metairie to pack up Marie's house; it was her last week at the courthouse in Metairie and she'd be moving up to Bender.

"You didn't even ask him if that was okay with him," Marie's voice cut in.

Paul laughed as he heard his father remind Marie that it was his house and Paul didn't own the house.

"But Bob, he's got rights to," Marie said.

"Yeah, he's got the right to sit there and smile and act like he likes it," Bob said.

"Don't worry, Marie," Paul said to the answering machine. "It's fine with me."

He had the whole house to himself. It would have been perfect. He'd take Candy into his arms and kiss her. He tried to kiss her softly, but Somehow, his passion always spurred him on and their kisses were always so hungry. He'd squeeze her small tits, and pinch her nipples; she liked them pinched hard. He'd run his hands up and down her back, then feel her belly, and then dip his fingers under the waistband of that plaid skirt. He liked her satin panties. Her pubic hair would be a honey blonde, like the hair on her head, he imagined. 

He'd ease her skirt and her panties off and take a hold of her wide hips as he eased her onto the leather couch, and kneel in between her plump legs. He'd put his mouth on her pussy and taste the juices, then drive his tongue into her. Finally, he'd put his manhood at the mouth of her pussy while looking into her beautiful brown eyes.

He'd kiss Cindy; he never understood why her kisses were always so hot, so passionate. He tried his damndest with her to maintain control of himself but never could. The moment their lips met he wanted more, he wanted it all.

She'd sigh in that beautiful soft way as he'd unbutton her blouse, and eased both blouse and bra off of her pale, freckled shoulders. He'd kiss and suck those sweet little buds of hers, then ease her skirt and panties off. She'd try to sit on the leather couch, but Paul wanted her on her knees, like an animal.

He imagined that her ample buttocks were lightly freckled like her face and neck and shoulders.

He would lap at her anus, then delve lower and taste her pussy, which would have a light covering of red pubic hair. Then, he'd poise the head of his cock at the entrance of her pussy and use her wide hips to pull her back onto him.

Pam, he'd have to make love to her breasts, easily twice the size of Candy and Cindy's. He'd have to squeeze and fondle them, then he'd lay her on the carpeted floor of the living room and slurp at her hairy pussy, then he'd roll over onto his back and urge her to squat over him and take him into her. Their eyes would meet and he couldn't help but smile at the beautiful young woman.

Yes, it would have been perfect. Paul had to run to the bathroom; his erection was nearly painful.

----

"Damn it, Bob!" Marie laughed. "You haven't packed a damned thing!"

"That's not true," he argued and pointed to the three boxes in the living room.

"Come on, the kitchen's going to be the hardest," she said and steered him to the kitchen.

"Stop that," he demanded a moment later.

"Stop what?" she asked as she continued to hand items down to him as he knelt on the floor, wrapping the things.

"Waving your ass in my face," he said. "How'd I supposed to work with that distracting me?"

"My ass is a distraction?" she teased and wiggled it some more.

She'd heard about anal sex, even fantasized about it a few times. She had never fantasized about having it while bent over her kitchen table. Bob used shortening as lubricant and she couldn't help but burst into giggles, despite the slightly painful intrusion.

"I'll never be able to make pie crust again without think about this!" she grunted out and he couldn't help but laugh out loud.

"Oh, God!" she screamed. "Uh! Oh! Damn that hurts!"

"Want me to stop?" he asked and she shook her head no.

"No, no, just go slow," she gasped.

----

Candy was grateful that Pam gave her plenty of room in the double bed. Normally Pam slept scrunched up against Candy, but Candy felt somewhat discomforted right now and didn't want anything pressing against her, touching her anywhere at all.

Pam felt the same way; she just didn't want anything or anyone touching her.

"Good night," she whispered and softly kissed Candy.

"Good night, I love you," Candy said, then turned out the light.

Chapter 43

Cindy Jensen angrily dabbed her cover stick into the circles under her eyes. She'd not been getting much sleep these past few nights; upset about the social status she'd worked so hard to maintain being slowly but surely stripped from her. Rack her brains as she might, she really couldn't see any way of wresting it back.

But it certainly wasn't fair. Even Elaine Simone, a girl that would have been a complete nobody, a nothing had Cindy Jensen not befriended her, was more popular than her.

And the Broussard sisters, those two fat ass pimple faced pigs had one of the most desirable boys in St. Thomas.

She actually smiled briefly; it had taken two girls to replace her.

----

Paul laughed at himself. He had just finished whacking off, sending a nice sized load of semen down the drain of the shower, but thinking of kneeling behind Cindy and sliding his cock into her hot, tight anus had his cock standing up proud.

"I bet she'd let me," he mused aloud.

"She's got the ass for it," he thought as he began to stroke himself a little faster; the hot water was beginning to run out.

"Candy's got the ass for it too," he thought as he loosed another stream of his semen down the drain and shut off the water.

----

Bill Broussard and Jake Broussard didn't talk much on the way in to work. Every now and then, the radio announcer would say something and both would comment on it, but for the most part, they had a comfortable, easy silence.

"That's why he'll never get any further than third shift supervisor," Jake commented as Doug Jensen's truck passed them going the other way. "Always the last one in and the first one out."

"Yep," Bill agreed. "Heard David saying they might even bump him down to floor supervisor."

"No kidding?" Jake asked. "Bet he quits the minute they make that deal."

"Thought about going to third shift," Bill admitted. "It's fifty five cents an hour."

"Forty hours a week," Jake mused aloud. "Bill, that's just twenty two more a week."

"Eighty more a month," Bill corrected him and put his blinker on to turn left into the parking lot of the mattress factory.

Bill playfully gave David Labbe the finger as David steered his 1972 Chevy Malibu into the parking spot he was hoping for. He found another parking spot and both men got out of the car.

"Hey!" Bill called out as David easily picked him up.

"Give me the finger, huh?" David said and put Bill over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.

"Damn it, David!" Bill called out. "Put me down!"

"Here," Jake laughed. "I'll get the door for you."

Jake yanked the heavy glass door open and David strolled in, carrying the struggling, yelling Bill.

"Here you go, Ricky," David said to Ricky, the mentally retarded boy the plant had hired to sweep up the foam rubber scraps.

"No, no, damn it!" Bill protested as David dropped him into the pile of foam rubber scraps.

"Don't worry, Broussard," David called out as he walked to his locker. "Next month, I'm going on third shift; you can have my parking spot."

"Give me your hand," Jake laughed and pulled Bill up.

"Butt hole," Bill muttered to Jake.

----

"Gee, you're in a good mood this morning," Jamie said as the eleven women ate their breakfast.

"Yeah, don't know why," Cathy, admitted.

"Bet it's because of a good night's sleep," Tammy said and spooned some more of the lumpy oatmeal into her mouth.

"Probably," Cathy agreed.

"Felt like I was sleeping in a fucking jet hangar," Tammy went on.

"What?" Cathy asked.

"Your snoring was horrible," Tammy said.

"What?" Cathy protested. "I don't snore!"

"Oh yes you do!" several of the patients and the nurse on duty answered her.
