 It was raining and we still had nine or ten miles to go down the long glen before reaching a road and the dubious chance of a bus. I and two mates were backpacking in the Scottish highlands in our first university vacation. We'd bagged a couple of Munros, slept in a bothy, waded a few rivers and almost run out of food. We were sweaty, footsore and tired.

'There's a building marked in about a mile,' Pete said, peering at the rather damp map. 'Maybe we can shelter while it passes over.' Pete is tall and lanky, with curly brown hair and a boyish smile. He was on my physics course and lent me his lecture notes when I slept in. Dave, the third lad, was shorter, blond and well-built – he played rugby for the second team and had girls camping outside his door. I (Mike) was in between, trying to work on my physique, and had a sign outside my door saying 'free camping'.

'If there's a roof on it,' I said, being positive. 'And the rain might pass over in a few days.'

But the building turned out to be a little farmhouse, fairly newly renovated. There was a handwritten sign outside: 'Tea – Coffee – Food – Bunkhouse'. It was like an oasis in the desert. Without discussion we knocked on the door. There was no answer, so we knocked again, then tried the handle. The door was open, but we hesitated to enter, and knocked again. Just as we were about to give up, we heard the sound of a engine and a quad bike appeared from round the back of the building. 

'Sorry, I was seeing to the ewes,' said the driver, a woman dressed in combat jacket and trousers. Her auburn hair was contained in a headscarf. 'You looking for somewhere to stay?' She had a strong, attractive face and her eyes crinkled when she smiled, a wide smile. She looked to be in her forties, I thought, although I don't have much experience of guessing people's ages.

'Um, well, maybe. We saw the sign.'

'None of your folks works for the council, do they?' she grinned, leading us into the house. Inside the lobby was a big, low-ceilinged wood-panelled parlour with settee, huge table and a wood-burning stove. It was deliciously warm and cosy. 'Only this is all very unofficial. I'd never get planning permission – not to mention environmental health and all that.' She had a soft Scots accent which I found very attractive.

'Bit dour now,' she observed, looking through the small window. 'Well, dump your sacks and I'll show you what I've got. Been on the hill a wee while, have you?'

We followed her up the narrow stairs and into the bunkroom – obviously a converted bedroom, it held six bunk beds, a washbasin and not much else. 'You'll have sleeping bags, I presume? My name's Kate, by the way.' 

We introduced ourselves. 'How much is it?' None of us was flush with money.

'Ah, well now, I can't charge you anything, as I explained. But I ask for a donation of ten pounds a head.' She must have seen our looks. 'You get a cooked breakfast thrown in.'

'Porridge?' Pete asked with a grin. He loved the stuff and we'd had quite a lot of it in the last few days.

'Of course,' the woman grinned back at him. 'And for an extra, ahem, donation I'll do you an evening meal. Venison pie. All you can eat.'

Temptation got the better of us quite quickly. A warm dry bed and cooked meals instead of another ten-mile tramp through the rain was no contest really.

'OK then. You can hang your wet stuff over the stove downstairs. The bathroom's along there if you want a wee shower – plenty of hot water.' She sniffed. 'You will want a shower.'

When she had left us, and we had fetched our packs and spread our sleeping bags and taken off our waterproofs, Dave said. 'Wow. This is too good to be true. And she's a bit of all right too.'

'She's old enough to be your mum,' I said. 'And there's probably a great hulking bloke somewhere out back with a claymore and a shotgun.'

Nevertheless, he was right. I had already clocked Kate thoroughly. As a perpetually horny 18-year-old I automatically clocked females, although not usually ones this old. But we had been walking for five days, with no privacy for a quick wank even, and I was starting to eye up the sheep. It was hard to tell what Kate's figure was like under the loose camouflage gear, but she certainly looked fit enough. She had a confident, sexy air. No makeup, and no need for it. Her face was a bit weatherbeaten but her smile was open and knowing, and she treated us like adults.

We took it in turn to shower – Pete was first. On his return he murmured to me, 'Check out the undies.'

The bathroom was wood-panelled and warm. On a clothes rack hung several items, including a couple of very sheer, very scanty black bras and various skimpy panties and thongs, brightly coloured, some adorned with lace, some almost see-through. Maybe there was a daughter lurking about, or maybe Kate liked to feel sexy under her work clothes. I showered and had a quick but satisfying wank, drying myself with a spare T shirt.

We lay on our bunks for a while, and then Pete said, 'Think I'll go down and see if she wants a hand in the kitchen.'

'Meet the husband.' He scowled. When he didn't return we looked at each other and trooped downstairs also. Pete was at the sink peeling potatoes, Kate was kneeling by the Aga. She had changed out of her combats and now wore a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and some quite sheer black leggings with wooden-soled sandals. Her hair was loose and the rich auburn cascaded over her shoulders. As she stood up we saw that the shirt's hem was level with her crotch. It was unbuttoned to reveal a deep cleavage. I felt an erection starting.

'Um, can we help, Mrs ... Kate?'

'Well now, boys, you can set the table if you like. Pete here is looking after me OK.' Pete turned and raised his eyebrows meaningfully.

'Um, how many places?'

'Just the four. My man works awa in Inverness the week. He's only here at weekends.'

'Must get a bit lonely, out here miles from anywhere ...'

'Och, I bide fine,' Kate said. 'I've got the beasts for company, and of course passing walkers like yourselves. Winter can be a bit dreich – we were cut off for three weeks in the blizzards in February.'

'Hope you didn't run out of food.'

'No, there's big freezers out the back, and a generator, although we use the wee turbine unless the burn freezes up. And we get in a good stock of wood from the estate.'

'You can always go out and shoot a deer, I suppose.'

'Now, that would be poaching, wouldn't it?' She gave a stage wink.

All the time I was watching her moving around the kitchen, weighing her up. Kate was about five foot six, I guessed, with a good figure and long legs. She must be fit, I thought, looking after a hill farm on her own. Her breasts bounced delightfully under the shirt, and I could not detect the outline of a bra. When she reached up to a high cupboard her firm rounded arse was nicely on show. She must have been wearing a thong because I couldn't see any sign of panties. I was now carrying a proper boner and from the way Dave adjusted his trousers I suspected he was too. Despite the age difference, she was a fine-looking woman.

Eventually the dinner was ready and Kate served us huge portions of venison pie and vegetables. Another shirt button seemed to have come undone, because each of us in turn was treated to a perfect view down her shirt to her uncontained breasts with their large dark pink nipples. I for one hardly tasted the delicious food, my eyes were glued to her deep cleavage.

We chatted easily about our university courses and hobbies, sports, etc. Kate produced a bottle of whisky and the conversation became more animated and less inhibited. We helped clear away the dishes and while I was washing up at the sink I felt her warm body lurch against mine. 

'Oops, sorry,' she laughed. 'I get pissed too quickly.' I pressed my erection against the edge of the sink.

Desert was produced, a huge apple pie with custard, and we stuffed ourselves anew. When we had polished off everything on the table, we groaned for a bit and then helped Kate to clear away and wash the dishes. I ended up in the kitchen drying and watching her taut arse peeping out from under the bottom of the shirt. She must have undone another button because her breasts were almost slipping out. 

My erection must have been fairly obvious, for she stood in front of me and put her hand on it, quite firmly. I almost ejaculated.

'Looks like you need it badly tonight,' she said, and gave me a hot, wet, open-mouthed kiss. After a moment's shock I grabbed her firm buttocks and pulled her against me. Her body was hot and hard, apart from the breasts whose nipples drilled into my chest.

'I don't think we should leave your pals out, do you?' Kate smiled sweetly. 'There's plenty for everyone.'

She went back into the main room. I was bursting for a piss and also bursting with frustration. It looked as if the sexy older woman was just a cock-tease. After emptying my bladder upstairs, which took a while as I had to wait for my erection to subside, I went down again and found Kate slumped in a chair, naked from the waist up. Dave and Pete were standing on either side of her with their cocks out, and she was sucking them alternately while they massaged a breast each. Both had their eyes closed in bliss at the feel of her hot mouth on them.

She looked at me and took Pete's cock out of her mouth. 'You want to suck my puss?'

I needed no further encouragement – I knelt in front of her and tugged the leggings down, and she lifted her bum off the chair to help me. Now she had only a tiny red thong, and the smell of her sexual musk hit me in the face. I saw that the crotch of the thong was dark with wetness. I pulled it down her legs and she parted her thighs to show me her pussy, shaven apart from an strip of auburn hair. I could hear the rhythmic slurp, slurp as she fellated my pals. I bent forward and Kate spread her legs even wider, so that her swollen pink labia opened to reveal the dark, glistening tunnel. It was unlike the neat, virginal pussies of the few girls I had been with – this was a mature woman's cunt, well used and on heat. I buried my face in it.

I must have had some expertise at sucking pussy, because Kate writhed and humped and made the right moaning noises, as well she could with two cocks in her mouth. I held her hips firmly and chewed on his big rubbery clit, and her taut body shook and throbbed as an orgasm surged through her. Warm, tangy juice sluiced over my chin. I straightened up to watch her wanking the other two expertly, taking first one cock and then the other down into her throat. In a moment when her mouth was empty, she looked at me with smoky eyes and said 'Please fuck me.'

'I ... I don't have a condom,' I said stupidly.

'Fuck that. Just put it in!'

I fumbled my zip open and dragged out my painfully erect cock, and plunged it into her pussy. Kate was very wet and hot and I went right in without much effort. The muscles of her vaginal walls started to massage my cock and I knew that despite my earlier wank I wouldn't last long. Pete and Dave were starting to grunt and buck their hips too. With a shout of release I pumped gouts of cum into Kate's innards, and saw my mates spewing their cum over her face. She kept turning her head from side to side and enclosing their erupting cocks in her mouth, getting some of the cum down her throat but most of it over her face and hair. The white strings trickled down onto her neck and breasts. 

We all gazed in shock at her naked wet body even while our cocks' spasms died away. The woman gripped her breasts in her hands and massaged the sperm into her skin, letting her big nipples pop out between her fingers.

'Holy fuck, that was good,' she breathed. 'Want to come upstairs where it's more comfy? I'm sure you can manage more of that.'

She got up, unconcerned by her nakedness – and really she had, I now know, an exceptionally good figure for a woman her age – and led the way upstairs. I was behind her and watched in fascination as my cum oozed out of her pussy and was smeared over her inner thighs. We went into her wood-panelled bedroom where there was a large double bed. The room was warm, being directly over the kitchen, and she suggested that we might be more comfortable without clothes. I saw that Pete and Dave were already erect again, and my own cock was swelling.

Kate got on all fours on the bed, thrusting her arse in the air. 'Who's first?' she said. Dave knelt behind her and buried his cock in her pussy with a loud squelching noise. Pete and I knelt by her head and she fellated us alternately, coiling her strong tongue around our cocks and sucking hard. After a while she told Dave to stop, and told Pete to lie on his back – she was definitely in charge and knew exactly what she wanted. I guessed that she had done this many times before.

She straddled Pete and sat down on his cock, firmly, then leaned forward and took something from the bedside table. 'Lube me up,' she said, 'then fuck my arse. Don't worry, I'm as clean as a whistle in there.'

Dave was obviously not a novice when it came to anal sex, because he squirted lube over her big dark anus while I watched, and then fed his cock into her sphincter. Kate gave a few little moans as his big shaft penetrated her rear passage. 

'That's right. Now, you, fuck my mouth.' I slid my cock between her lips and she tipped her head back and took me well down her throat – so hot and tight. Her body moved back and forth slowly, so that the three cocks slid back and forth in her three orifices. We were all in heaven and could only utter incoherent grunts and groans; Kate was unable to make much sound at all. She ground her pubes against Pete's and soon her body went rigid and she quivered her way through another orgasm. We three lads continued to fuck her three orifices steadily until her regular climaxes brought us past the point of no return. Amazingly, we all managed to pump our sperm into her at more or less the same time.

Slowly we withdrew and helped Kate to lie on the bed. She was breathing fast.

'Wow,' she gasped. 'I love those foursomes. You can't imagine what it's like to have three cocks in you at once ...'

After a rest, and some irresistible stimulation from her hands and mouth, we were ready for more. I got to experience her cunt (sloppy with sperm but still tight and muscular) and her arse (my first time – mind-blowing) as we switched positions regularly until we all managed to climax once more, unfortunately not simultaneously this time. It was late, and we dozed in a sweaty tangle of limbs while Kate leaked fluids onto us and the bed.

I awoke in the early morning light. I was naked on the bed with my two mates. At first I thought we had somehow got involved in a gay orgy, but then I remembered the woman. She was absent, but I could hear the noise of the quad bike outside. My morning erection asserted itself, as did the others'. After what we had done together I could not feel any embarrassment. We started to reminisce but were cut short by the sound of her coming up the stairs.

Kate entered, dressed in her combat clothes, and grinned when she saw three cocks confronting her on her bed. She began to strip off the jacket and trousers – she was naked underneath.

'Well, lads, looks like you're ready for a repeat performance. That suits me fine!'

We fucked her three ways again – her energy astounded me. She even managed to get two cocks at once in her pussy – it was amazingly tight but didn't seem to cause her any discomfort. We had deposited another half pint of sperm in her various holes by the time we were spent, and Kate seemed to be more or less satisfied.

We showered and she cooked us breakfast, naked apart from an apron, remarking that she was still leaking cum and would probably do so all day.

'Do you ... do this sort of thing often?' I ventured. In reply she fetched a black leather visitors' book and indicated that we should write a comment. We saw that it was filled with grateful thanks for her sexual favours – some from blokes like us, but others from couples or even groups of women. Kate was obviously omnisexual.

'You must be shagged out by the end of the week,' Dave said. 'Doesn't your husband notice anything?'

'Och, I dinna have guests every night. And some of them want just a bed – no nookie. But no, hubby doesna ken. I fuck him all weekend and by the time Sunday night comes he's just grateful to get awa to Inverness for a rest!'

*******

I've been back to the bunkhouse several times over the last ten years – sometimes with mates, or on my own, and once with a broad-minded girlfriend. Kate is looking older now, but her body is still fit and lithe, and her sexual appetite is undiminished. Long may it remain so! Pass me that map and I'll show you where she lives ...