 Author's Note

**Thanks to Estragon, who edited my dirty story for your reading pleasure. It's my first time writing from the perspective of a dude...quite satisfying, really. Hope you laugh...and then come all over yourself.***

*

Dan leaned back and tried to relax. That was what one was supposed to do in a hot tub. It was just weird being in one alone with another man, even for the few minutes it would take their wives to join the party. He shifted to let a jet fire directly into his lower back and looked over at his host.

"Pam and Janet sure hit it off in the PTA, huh?" said Marcus Colby, stretching his short arms along to tub lip. "They are inseparable these days!" He waggled his bushy eyebrows suggestively, which made his mostly bald pate wrinkle comically. 

He really was an odd little man, Dan thought. After a few months socializing with him regularly, he was still caught off guard by the combination of mild mannered appearance and crass mannerisms. For instance, Dan was pretty sure he was about to imply their wives were lesbians.

"Pam almost called out Janet's name the other night when I was doing her. She was like, Ja-Ja- just hurrrraayyy!" Marcus panted out his joke and then laughed uproariously. Dan smiled; that one wasn't so bad. 

"Is Marcus being annoying?" called Pam from the patio. She was wearing some kind of plus sized swim suit with a knee length sarong knotted at her sturdy waist. 

Dan's wife, Janet, swatted her friend on the arm and defended her husband. "Dan can take whatever Marcus has to dish out, don't worry about him. Guys, we are going to go back inside and make some daiquiris! Be back in a flash!" As the pair retreated, Dan congratulated himself on having the foxier wife. However her personality was so mind-numbingly dull, it almost didn't matter. He felt increasingly claustrophobic in his marriage, and never more so than when hanging out with her equally boring best friend Pam. 

He glanced at Marcus. He now worked with the guy, at least temporarily, at the high school. Marcus was the assistant principal, while he had stepped in mid-semester to teach photography as the full time teacher completed a stint in rehab. 

"You see the new history teacher?" Marcus inquired, licking his thick lips. "I just hired her last week. You'd remember if you'd run into her, she's stacked!" 

Dan said he hadn't. But he would look for her. He could appreciate a filled-out tight sweater of the sort Marcus was describing.

"I couldn't believe she wore it to the interview. And it was over the lunch hour, so all the office receptionists were out. She just came into my office and closed the door." Marcus glanced over his shoulder toward the door where their wives had disappeared. "Can you keep a secret, Dan?" he asked.

Dan could see the man was fairly bursting to confide in someone. However, it was hard to believe this guy all the kids compared to Danny Devito could be getting it on with a hot history teacher. "Sure, man. Secret is safe with me." 

"She's a nymphomaniac. I swear! That's what she told me, calm as can be. She said that she has this appetite for sex, but that she's also a good teacher. She offered, and you're not going to believe this, man, to give me a dozen blowjobs if I hired her." 

Dan was dubious. "Huh. If she's a nymphomaniac, why does she just want to suck you off? What's in it for her?"

Marcus brought one hand down, slapping the water. "That's just what I said to her! At this point I almost thought she was an undercover agent or something. I figured if I jumped at her offer I'd be on some new show called 'To catch a public servant pervert'. You can't trust people anymore," he said, shaking his head in jaded disgust.

"Okay, so what did you do then?" Dan asked, feeling suddenly interested in the story. Why would Marcus be telling him a made-up story about a woman he could easily identify and talk to? It was too verifiable. Maybe it really had happened. And if this butt plug of a man could get it his dick in her mouth, chances were Dan could score, too.

"Anyway, so I tell her that she's full of shit and ask her where the hidden camera is, and you know what she does?"

"No, what?"

"She fucking takes off her sweater. And she's got nothing underneath. Just these huge jugs." He paused to reflect, "I think they might be fake, they're really so damn round and big." His eyes darted toward the house, "I asked her what size they were, and she said double D. But they were like perfectly round balloons. My wife's got double D's, but they are more like the long balloons you make animals out of."

Dan shook his head, trying to forget the image. "Okay, so she's got her tits out. Are you pretty sure she's not a cop anymore?"

He cackled. "Yep! She let me check for wires. She didn't have any on her. She also didn't have any underwear on her. Unless you count stockings as underwear. She had on some lacy thigh-highs."

"You are joking," Dan said, feeling himself begin to stiffen under the frothy water. "Did she take off her skirt then?"

Marcus licked his lips in memory. "Yeah, she slipped it off right before she unzipped my pants. Her pussy is totally bare, man, with a pink ruffle just begging to be licked. I've never even done that before but I would have gone down on her in a second if she asked."

Dan's hand inched toward his throbbing penis. His swim trunks were becoming very constricting and he figured no one would be the wiser if he eased them down and let his cock breathe a little under the snapping, bubbling water. This was an unbelievable story, the kind of chance encounter he liked to imagine when he beat off. He just never imagined Marcus would star in his fantasy.

"Did she suck you off then?" Dan asked, trying to sound curious and not as if he had an orgasm depending on it.

Marcus suddenly looked embarrassed. "Yeah. I mean, basically. She had my dick out and was jerking me off, rubbing it on her nipples. They were like big, ole pieces of Canadian bacon, man! I could not believe it! I started pinching them hard and she started moaning like a cat in heat." 

"She liked it?" Dan panted. "She liked it hard?"

"Fuck yeah, man. She got crazy, started rubbing herself and everything." His eyes took on an unfocused look. "It was too much, man. Having this hot ass teacher kneeling in front of me, jacking me with one hand and fingering herself with the other."

"Did she go down on you?" Dan asked urgently. He loved a good blowjob. Fucking loved them.

"She would have! Her mouth was just opening over me when I...I just sort of exploded all over her face."

Oh, shit. It was like an invisible hand clenched around his balls. They tightened, pushing Dan's sperm into launch position. Just a few more details and the pressure would be relieved.

"She liked that?" he choked.

Marcus laughed, that nasty little laugh that grated on everyone that heard it. "Well, I wouldn't say she liked it. It sort of surprised us both. Some went in her eye and got all caught in her lashes. She made a good effort to catch some in her mouth though." He glanced at Dan sheepishly. "If I'd known an out of work nympho was going to march into my office, I'd have masturbated first. You know, to make it last. I'm not usually such a quick draw," he said in his own defense. 

Dan didn't care. Picturing a voluptuous whore on her knees with semen shooting her in the face was enough to make him loose his load into the simmering water swirling around them. "Oh, fuck," he grunted. Marcus, luckily, was completely unaware, too caught up in his tale. 

"So then, I tell her I still haven't decided if she can have the job. It's going to take more...convincing. She actually looked pretty pissed."

Dan could believe it. Having this worm tell her she just let him come on her face for nothing must have been pretty disappointing. 

"I tell her, I want a blow job a week, all year. Anytime I need her, I just summon her and she lets me face fuck her."

Dan admired his bold pursuit of oral pleasure. "Did she agree?"

"She was about to! But then I realize I am still looking at the glistening cunt and I can't let the opportunity pass without at least trying to get up in it. So I tell her I also want to fuck her. Twice."

"Wow!" Dan whistled. He splashed casually at a gob of his own cum bobbing on top of the water, trying to send it over into the unoccupied corner of the hot tub. "Smart! I would have probably jumped at the blowjobs without thinking of the big picture."

Marcus preened, "Yeah, it was quick thinking. She didn't go for it, though. She said she'd give me a dozen blowjobs and let me watch her masturbate, but that she wasn't into sex with just one man."

Dan straightened, "What do you mean?"

"She said she can only get off if she has a couple of dicks in her. Or if it's only one, it's got to be really big." He looked away, obviously hoping Dan wouldn't draw the conclusion that Marcus had a tiny dick. Which he did, immediately.

Dan, however, had a pretty decently proportioned cock.

"I took the blowjob deal" said Marcus. "But I just can't stop thinking about bending her over doggie style. I would do anything to feel that naked pussy around my cock." He grimaced. "Pam has a full bush. It's like fucking a Muppet."

Dan forced a chuckle, his mind racing. "Uh, well if she only wants to do two guys...I could probably help out."

Marcus looked at him sharply. "You sure, man? You never mentioned you were looking to get a little on the side before. I thought you and Janet were solid."

"What are you, Dr. Phil?" Dan joked. "Janet and I are fine. And I think we'd be even better if I got to come on someone else's face every once in a while."

"Hmmm. Well. Maybe that could be arranged."

Pam and Janet emerged from the kitchen, giggling like teenagers, with giant daiquiris clutched in their hands. Handing hers to Dan, Janet eased down the hot tub stairs and settled in next to him. Dan's cum bumped against her chest as she sighed in contentment.

"It sure is hot in here! Now what were you two guys talking about while we were gone?"

Dan tried to manage his expectations even as he rushed into work the next day. There was no way that the nymphomaniac teacher could be as good-looking as Marcus described. His standards were ridiculously low; she probably looked like Dame Judy Dench. He slowed down as he approached the teachers' lounge, trying to decide if he'd let Dame Judy Dench go down on him. Hmmmm....

There she was, leaning one hip against the windowsill. Her golden head bent slightly to see her book around her enormous boobs. The book was cushioned between shapely thighs barely held captive by a tight plaid skirt. Her hair was scooped up carelessly, giving her the appearance of just having rolled out of bed. Dan felt his fingers go numb and he dropped the photography book he was carrying. 

Everyone in the room jumped at the loud sound and turned to stare at him. "Sorry! Don't mind me! Just, uh, popping in for some coffee." Eyes down, he hurried over to the small Keurig in the corner, conveniently located right next to the hot teacher who would give head, apparently, to anyone. He poured himself a cup of black coffee and looked around for some creamer.

"There isn't any, unless you bring your own," purred a voice over his shoulder. He slowly turned. Her voice was a sexy as her pink high heels. She smiled, a nice white-toothed grin, and handed him a single serving of vanilla creamer. "Here you go."

Dan stared at it blankly. "You may as well keep it," he finally said. A wicked thought entered his mind and before he could stop it he added, "I'm really only happy when I have two."

Her light brown eyebrows rose above hazel eyes. "You can't be happy with one creamer?"

"I suppose I could...if it were a big one. I like a lot of cream."

He saw a spark of interest in her eyes. They widened, then narrowed as she looked him up and down. Her gaze settled briefly on the front of his jeans before traveling back up to his lips. "I guess we have that in common, then."

Just when Dan thought his arousal was about to become evident to the other teachers in the lounge, the bell rang. Five minutes until first period. He was never more grateful and frustrated to hear that sound.

She touched his arm just below his rolled up shirt cuff. "I'm Candy," she whispered. 

Holy Christ, she even has a porn star name!

"Class is starting so...see you around." He could feel the scent of her perfume wrap around him as she breezed by. 

He fumbled for his phone and sent a text to Marcus: Just met Candy...HOOK IT UP

It was 4:15 and they would arrive any minute. Dan nervously looked around the photo lab and wondered what he could do to make it more comfortable. About the best he could do was to move a single chair into the center of the small open space. He thought about spreading some of the coats from the lost-and-found out on the floor, but that might look dumb. He checked his phone to see if Marcus had sent another text. He hadn't, so he read the old one again.

"What did you say to her? She practically came when I suggested she meet us in your lab after school."

Dan was flabbergasted. It couldn't be this easy. She couldn't be this hot and this willing to fuck him -- them both -- so readily. This kind of thing didn't happen. As he waited in the darkroom all sorts of cock-deflating scenarios flitted through his mind. Maybe this was a joke. Maybe his wife was about to burst into the room with that guy from Cheaters. Maybe the woman would show up, and dash acid in his face like an anti-adultery vigilante. He thought about leaving before anything horrible could happen.

But just the chance of pushing his cock into a strange wet pussy kept him glued to the chair. This was a once in a lifetime chance to fulfill a fantasy he'd been mulling over for years. To feel like a man again.

The door opened, casting a slice of bright light into the dark lab. Low wattage red lights filled the rest of room with a hot, dull light. Marcus stepped though first, but he was looking back over his shoulder, grinning. She followed, tall and statuesque. Hot damn.

She had her hair whipped up in a messy knot, held in place by a #2 pencil. A few long tendrils trailed down, curling around the collar of her tailored blouse. It was unbuttoned one button lower than any self-respecting teacher would dare, teasing a dark colored bra beneath. Oh fuck, she was actually going to do this!

Dan had no notion of why she'd want to let sweaty, disgusting Marcus get at her. She was a top shelf, premium scotch and Marcus was a drop of swill wrung from a bartender's dishrag. Dan figured himself for a draft ale. Stout ale, with a full head.

"Hello, again," he said in the deep, manly tone he'd been practicing all afternoon.

She waggled a finger. "Hi."

Her eyes gobbled him up. She bit her lip and met his gaze with a sleepy eyed look of appreciation. I want you, she silently chanted. I want you bad. It was a heady notion--that a goddess like this wanted to worship him. Dan felt suddenly taller, stronger, with a tree trunk for a cock.

He felt a stirring inside his jeans, as his wood struggled for sunlight. Soon, he promised it.

Marcus lurched forward. "So, here we are!" he exclaimed, clapping his hands. "We shouldn't be disturbed in here, right Dan, buddy?" he was practically smacking his lips. 

"Door locks, so we can be sure of it." 

"Oh," Candy sounded disappointed. "I guess that makes it safer."

"We can take our time," murmured Dan. She drifted a few steps nearer to him.

Marcus inserted himself between them. "Dan and I have never done anything like this before. Maybe you can tell us where to start."

Dan wanted to groan. Did Marcus really have to say that? Make them sound like a couple of losers who don't know how to initiate a threesome with a hot, willing woman?

But she smiled. "Well, don't worry. I have enough experience for all of us. I like to fuck." It seemed to Dan like she was talking only to him. "Especially when I meet someone with the same sexual monster inside them that I have. Maybe even a bigger monster than mine." She was close enough now to touch him, drag her index finger from the hollow of his throat to the center of his chest. "I want you...to unleash...your inner beast. I want you to be...dominant."

Dan couldn't believe it. This was his lifelong fantasy, to bend a woman to his will while he bent her over his cock. A little degradation went a long was to increase his arousal. "I'm going to fuck your brains out!" he erupted, laying his hands to her hips and pulled her body tight against his. He squeezed the generous flesh of her hips, felt it depress and bounce back under his hand. She made a sound of animal eagerness and subtly shifted her body so that his thigh pressed between hers. She was leaning close, her nose bumping against his ear. She caught the lobe in her teeth and tugged playfully.

"You want some Candy?" she asked. Her tongue snaked in and swirled lightly around the shell of his ear. He groaned his answer, moved his hands around to grip her round, bubble ass. Oh fuck, he had never touched an ass like this. 

"I'd like to take some licks off your lollipop," she rasped in a sex kitten purr.

Dan certainly wasn't going to turn that down. But he didn't want it to be over too quickly. "Before that, how about I help you lose some of these clothes?" He hoped that sounded cool and casual. At least it was better than the panting eagerness of Marcus.

Marcus. Dan glanced over Candy's shoulder and saw Marcus shucking his pants a few feet away. He was just as hairy as Dan remembered. Already shirtless, his thick midsection was unattractively crinkled as he fought to pull his pant cuff free from his ankle. He kept on his black socks. His boxer shorts were decorated with...was that Snoopy?

Dan badly wanted to demand his embarrassing friend get out and leave him and Candy to screw in peace. But Marcus might not take that well. Who knows who he would complain to? Maybe he'd be so mad he'd tell his wife. They only way Dan could feel safe would be if Marcus was just as guilty as himself. Even if he hated the thought of this creep's little dick touching his sweet Candy, he had to buy the insurance.

Sweet Candy was working on her top and soon it dropped over her elbows, revealing a spectacular set of tits. They were big and round, bursting out of her push up bra. His hands found the overripe melons and squeezed. But it wasn't enough. He had to see her nipples. He roughly pushed down the pink lace until her dark pink areolas popped free. They tips were like plump raspberries. He lowered his mouth to greet one with his tongue when suddenly a pair of pudgy hands intruded, grasping her breasts from behind.

"Me likey," said Marcus, his voice dripping audio saliva. "She likes it a little bit rough," he informed Dan as he milked her white boobs. His hands were short and stubby. Dan had to admit the contrast of her perfect tits and his dark, ugly hands was provocative.

Candy's hand slid to his tented pants and stroked his erection through his clothes. She smiled at him invitingly, totally ignoring the mauling her breasts were receiving. "Do you want to have a seat so that I can tend to this properly?" she asked slyly.  

He did. God, he did. Dan stumbled in that direction, pulling Candy by the hips. Marcus chugged behind like a horny caboose. Dan felt the chair hit the back of his knees and sat down heavily. As soon as he was seated she swung a leg over his knees and bent a bit so that her nipples were on a level with his mouth. "Suck on them, Daddy," she urged.

Dan didn't have to be told twice. He opened up his mouth and all but consumed the succulent tip she pushed against his tongue.

"Bite me, Daddy! Punish my nipples the way you want to punish my pussy with your big cock!" As she instructed him, Candy began rhythmically bouncing against his straining member.
