 I wish to thank minsue for her help with this, my first contribution. Any mistakes are mine.

As the speaker droned on reading from a prepared speech, boredom and disinterest could be seen on the faces of the audience. I had travelled to Brunswick with my wife Katie; me to attend a three-day conference on new laser imaging technology and Katie to shop. We were staying in the Eastern Majestic, an older but comfortable hotel only a short walk from the conference centre. 

I looked at the nametag on the person sitting next to me, a man about my own age and saw his name was David and that he worked for Micro-Medical Technology, a company I was not familiar with. 

I introduced myself with, "Hi David, I'm Karl. Couldn't be much more boring could it?" 

David replied "Just another thing to stuff up the day. My wife Anne and I were late arriving due to flight delays and missed out on the first session." Turning to the blonde haired woman sitting beside him David said, "Anne, this is Karl. He thinks as much of this speaker as we do."

Anne turned, "Hi Karl." 

I acknowledged her with a grin and nod of the head. Anne had an attractive face and her smile encouraged a similar response. Her nametag showed that she also represented Micro-Medical Technology. 

At last, the session was over. The sessions for the first day had gone way overtime, and it was nearly 7.30 pm when we left.

As we walked out, I said to David, "Where are you staying?"

He replied, "The Eastern Majestic." 

I said, "So are we." 

"Great! I have to pick up our bags at the conference registration desk. I had to leave them there because we arrived so late and didn't have time to go to the hotel. Can you give me a hand?"

***

David and Anne's day was becoming worse. David had asked for his room key only to be told that because he hadn't notified the hotel that he and Anne would be arriving late, the room they had booked was no longer available. But if he could wait awhile, they should be able to arrange some accommodation. 

I said to David, "Look, why not come up to our room you can shower and freshen up? We'll have something to eat and they can sort this mess out."  

Both agreed, and Anne said, "A shower would be great."

David arranged with the desk clerk to contact him on my room extension. 

***

I opened the door and called out, "Hey, Katie, I'm home," and ushered David and Anne into the room. 

Katie came out off the bathroom, her beautiful, tanned, naked body, framed by the doorway, was displayed for all to see. 

Not realising that there were other people in the room she said, "Let's fuck ..." Katie stood with her mouth open as she saw that David and Anne were also in the room. With an exclamation of, "Shit!" she retreated into the bathroom. 

Anne placed her hand on my arm. She could see the concerned look on my face as I realized I should have phoned from the foyer to let Katie know that I was bringing other people to the room. 

"Karl, let me go and talk to her. It's probably better woman to woman in this situation." 

Anne went to the bathroom door and said, "Katie, can we talk? I know it's a bit embarrassing, but let me in and we'll have a bit of a girlie chat." 

There was some further talk, which I couldn't hear, and Anne turned the handle and went into the bathroom.

David said, "Don't take this the wrong way, Karl, but Katie is a good looking woman." 

I wasn't angry with David. In fact, I was pleased that he noticed how good Katie looked. Katie took care of herself. He continued, "Anne shaves her pussy as well. I think there are a lot of similarities between the two girls."

I nodded and thought, I wonder how similar?, for my Katie had many hidden talents and I wasn't going to discuss them with a stranger. 

I said to Dave, "Let's have a drink while we wait for the girls to come out."

While we drank, we talked about the conference and other general stuff. Anything to stay away from the awkwardness of Katie's impromptu display.

Things seemed to be going well in the bathroom, as there was lots of laughter. Obviously Anne had managed to get Katie to realise that while embarrassing, her situation wasn't the end of the world. I heard the shower running and thought, ok, they are really at ease with each other, as Katie had stayed in the bathroom while Anne showered to freshen up. 

Anne called from the door of the bathroom, "Hey guys, come over here; we have something to show you."

As we approached the bathroom door out stepped Anne and Katie completely undressed. Both said, "Let's fuck!" Then, they started to laugh. 

I was rather surprised by this turn of events, but not too surprised to look at and compare the two women standing un-ashamedly naked in front of me. Katie's beautiful athletic body was totally familiar to me. Aged twenty-six, shoulder length light brown hair, green eyes, five foot four inches tall, 32 A bust with little brown buds of nipples that I knew to be extremely sensitive, and when aroused, increased remarkably in size. Katie's facial features were not classically beautiful, but had an attractiveness that always drew the attention of any man and certainly from my observations, a number of women. 

Anne had an impish smile that made her eyes sparkle and as way of explanation for this amazing situation said, "I told Katie that it was only fair that as David had seen her without any clothes on, to even it up, you should see me as well."

Anne's body was not as defined as Katie's, who worked out at the gym three times a week, but it was a body that was obviously well cared for. I judged Anne to be in her early thirties, blonde hair that fell below the shoulders and brown eyes. She stood at least six inches taller than Katie and her breasts were larger, possibly a 36 B or C, with pink areoles surrounding large, firm nipples that just demanded to be sucked and played with.  

While physically different, both women had that indiscernible power, that allure that causes men to fantasise of sexual encounters. As I quickly glanced down at David's crotch, I could see that he had similar desires as me.  

Katie surprised me by saying, "Anne and I have discussed this, and we think it's only fair that having seen us naked you guys should also get your clothes off. In fact, we're going to help you and then we are going to play games. Now, there are a couple of rules: No actual fucking, either ass or pussy, and if either partner says no, then no means NO!" 

While Katie and I enjoyed fantastic sex together and were very open with each other in our discussions about sexual matters, I was well aware of her reluctance to talk about it with other people present, let alone accede to any public sexual activity. I don't know why, but my beautiful, little Katie had changed. By her look, and the manner in which she spoke of her and Anne's intent, I could sense that she had found a new confidence, giving her the strength to overcome the fears and hang-ups of the past. Katie stood there, freely allowing David and I to gaze upon her beautiful naked body. This was the woman who only a short while before had run from the room in tears to find a safe haven for her nudity and to escape the stares of these same people.

Katie gave me a mischievous smile and a little nod of her head and I knew; without the use of words, she was telling me that it was ok to participate in what ever might unfold. 

***

Anne came to me and Katie went to David. I don't know what was said between Katie and Anne but I was enjoying their little scheme and I could see from David's expression that he was turned on by what was unfolding.

Anne placed her cheek against mine and whispered in my ear, "Don't look at what they're doing, this is just you and me." 

Holding my head, she kissed me gently at first then harder with her tongue probing for mine. As we kissed, she used one hand to unbutton my shirt then moved her mouth to my left nipple sucking it gently and running her tongue across it. 

Anne said, "Let's get you out of those clothes. It's hard to get down and dirty if I can't get to you."

Using the pretence of picking up and moving my discarded clothing, Anne provocatively bent over from the waist and spread her legs, her cunt and asshole were invitingly displayed to tease me with what might come. My mind was in overdrive, and I imagined my cock in each of those holes and fucking this beautiful woman who had so miraculously entered our lives. 

As if reading my mind, Anne said, "Do you like what you see?.  If you think you're going to fuck me in the ass, then you will have to earn it, but not tonight." 

My cock stood rampant. It is not long, only about six inches, but is fairly thick, and the excitement of having Anne playing with it had made it rise to its full potential. Anne held it firmly in her left hand and gently rubbed the head with the palm of her other hand and then placed it in her mouth licking off the pre-cum that had formed. 

Anne said, "Look at your sweet little wife acting like a slut with David. I bet she is imagining what it would be like to have his cock in her cunt." 

Katie had David's cock in her mouth while David had at least two fingers inside her cunt. Small sounds of pleasure escaped from each of them as they explored and teased each other. Katie was moving her hips pushing onto David's fingers and I could see how surprised he was by how powerfully Katie's cunt gripped his fingers.

Anne continued, "Looks like we have some catching up to do, they can't have all the fun," and told me to lie down on the floor. 

This was the fulfilment of a long held fantasy of having a woman, a stranger, come to me and demand sex. Selfishly, I forgot about Katie and withdrew into my own world where there was only Anne and I. 

We formed the sixty-nine position with Anne dominant on top of me, positioning herself with her cunt just above my mouth. She once again took my cock in her mouth and performed magic. It was obvious that Anne enjoyed this and was an experienced cocksucker. Her ability to stimulate my cock with gentle flicks of her tongue and then a more vigorous attack with her mouth soon had me on the verge of blowing my load. 

Anne lowered her body so that her cunt nestled on my mouth. I could smell her arousal and knew that I had to lick her aromatic juices and let my tongue explore between those shaved lips to play with her clit. 

Anne and I continued to use our mouths on each other until I had to cum, I just couldn't hold on any more. Sensing my near release, Anne closed her mouth more tightly around my cock and quickened her sucking, drawing all my hot cum into her mouth. As my cum spurted into Anne's mouth I involuntarily grunted each time I felt her draw her lips tightly around the head of my throbbing cock, milking the cum from my shaft. Anne pooled my cum in her mouth, twirling it around with her tongue. Small drops escaped from the corners of her mouth.

Having savoured the taste of my cum, Anne swallowed, allowing my seed to flow down her throat. 

"Mmm! Karl, I love your cum, your beautiful warm cum, next time I want it in my cunt and ass", Anne licked the remaining cum from her lips then continued to lick the residue from my cock. 

Once Anne had finished teasing my cock she sat upright, freeing her hands to play with her nipples, which she twisted and pulled, causing her to emit gasp of pleasure. 

I continued to stimulate Anne's begging cunt with my tongue and then reached up with my hand and started to play with her ass. Slowly at first, then sliding one finger fully into that tight hole that gripped my finger. As I quickened the pace I could sense that Anne was rapidly coming to a climax as she pressed her cunt harder onto my mouth and little spasms could be felt as my finger slipped in and out of her ass. 

Anne's whole body just relaxed, and I knew that she had also found that wonderful euphoric feeling of sexual fulfilment. I felt proud of myself, and a little relieved, for having been able to help her reach that point.

Anne moved off my body and sat beside me. As I rose to a sitting position, I turned and kissed each of Anne's hardened nipples and then her mouth. 

I whispered to her, "You are beautiful and I want to thank you for such a wonderful experience. This is the fulfilment of a dream."

As I looked over Anne's shoulder, I could see that David and Katie had also finished and had been enjoying a bit of voyeurism watching Anne and I. David sat behind my Katie, his left arm around her waist and his right hand playing with the nipple of her left breast. Katie had a look of contentment, and as David squeezed her nipple, her mouth formed little smiles of pleasure.

David spoke, "Karl, Katie, this has been fantastic. I never dreamed of this happening. Anne and I have been talking about doing this for a long time, but have never had the courage to really do it."

I said, "I think we are all very lucky, because Katie and I often role play that we are having it off with a stranger and here it is happening in real life."

Katie said, "I'm glad you and David are happy about the way things turned out because when Anne and I were having our little talk in the bathroom we decided that we would limit tonight's activities to just touching and oral sex to see if everyone was comfortable with each other." 

Anne joined in, "And as it seems to have gone off ok, we thought tomorrow night, if both you guys want to and both agree, we will take it to the next step."

David and I looked at each other with huge grins on our faces and said in unison, "We agree."

It is amazing how comfortable the four of us felt as we sat around talking, letting each other know a little about ourselves, our lives and pleasures. You could feel a sense of trust had developed between us. I was worried that Katie may have problems with what had taken place, but looking at her face I could see a look of anticipation for what was to come.

True to his word the desk clerk rang our extension and asked for David. I could see by David's expression that good news was being delivered. The clerk had advised David that room 325 was available and that a bellhop would meet David with the key. All paperwork was completed as they had the original booking details and would David just sign the registry in the morning. Room 325 was only three rooms away from ours.

I helped David move his bags to their room and then came back to find Katie and Anne huddled together whispering and giggling. I could see that they were again planning something.

As I entered the room, Anne came over and kissed me then softly said, "My ass is yours."

She then kissed Katie on the lips and I could see that both girls had let their tongues quickly touch. 

Anne said, "OK, Katie, see you tomorrow for shopping."

Anne had obviously decided that there were better things to do than attend the conference which so far had been mind numbingly boring. We watched as Anne walked to her room, knocked on the door, and was let in by David.

No sooner had I shut our door than Katie started taking off her robe and demanded my attention, "Come on baby, fuck me. My cunt is burning to feel your cock inside me."

I knew how she felt, for the evening's activities had left me so aroused that I felt that my cock would explode. I quickly took off my clothes and grabbed Katie, laying her on the floor and pushing her legs back so that her ass was lifted off the floor and her cunt was fully exposed. I positioned the head of cock inside her lips. I could feel the warm wetness of a cunt ready to be fucked and pushed my cock in to its full extent. This was not love making, this was raw animal instinct.

As I continued to ram her cunt, Katie kept calling for me to fuck her and fill her with hot cum. With each call, I forced my cock into her with all the power I could muster. The juices flowed from her, matting my pubic hairs and sliding down into the crack of her ass. 

I felt the flow of cum as it travelled inside my cock, building to the intensity of an erupting volcano and the hot lava of my loins exploded into Katie's waiting cunt.

Sensing me relax, Katie commanded, "Stay there, keep fucking me." 

She moved a hand down to her cunt and slipped a finger into it. She quickly rubbed her clit until, almost violently, she arched her back forcing my cock in as far as it would go into her and started to make mewing sounds as I felt her cunt grip my cock in spasms. Katie had developed wonderful control of her vaginal muscles and was able grip my cock with considerable force, exerting pressure on my shaft so that I always felt that I was penetrating a virgin's cunt.

As her pleasure increased, the mewing sounds changed to demands of, "Fuck me," and "Come on, cum again in my cunt, fuck me," each time calling out a bit louder until she emitted a scream of fulfilment, "Oh my cunt, oh fuck that was good."

I could feel Katie's body relax, her cunt muscles releasing my cock and allowing me to withdraw and lay beside her. We lay together for some time talking of our love and need for each other. 

As Katie started to rise she said, "What a great night, I am totally worn out. I need a shower and to get to bed." 

We showered together. I stood behind Katie lathering her body and gently washing her pussy that I had so recently punished. A feeling of serenity overcame me as we stood under the warm flow of water and I sensed that we had entered a new era in our lives. 

We went to bed and lay coupled together. I reached over and touched Katie's right nipple and could feel an instant arousal, so continued to further explore her body, slowly moving over the mound of her pussy and down to her ass. I gently moved my finger over the puckered little ass and felt Katie push towards it as if urging it to enter her. I pushed a little harder feeling the tightness as her ass muscles tried to prevent my entry, but with gentle persuasion and the use of my saliva as a lubricant, first one finger gained entry and then a second. My fingers moved in and out of her ass, preparing for the final conquest 

When I felt that Katie was ready, I slowly rolled her over so that she lay with her face towards the bed and her ass was elevated. I placed the head of my cock inside the lips of her cunt rubbing gently up and down until it was well lubricated then transferred it to her asshole, letting Katie push back to force entry. We found this worked well and allowed her the control to take my cock into her ass in a manner that was comfortable for her. 

It was obvious that Katie was still highly aroused, for tonight she pushed against my cock so hard that it was in within seconds and she was saying, "Fuck my ass, fuck it hard and cum inside me." 

I slammed my cock into her ass more violently than I have ever done before, Katie just kept saying, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me hard."

I felt as if the head of my cock was going to explode as I came inside Katie's ass. She pushed against me and said, "Let it stay there until it goes limp." 

After a couple of minutes, I withdrew my cock and flopped down beside Katie. Small white pearls of cum leaked from her ass. 

Katie gave a little laugh and said, "Definitely no more of that tonight. I've had every hole fucked and filled with cum and there's only so much a girl can take."

I asked her if she wanted to talk about our experiences with the other two hoping I might gain some insight into Katie's remarkable change in attitude , but Katie said, "No, that's for another time." 

We lay there, allowing our bodies to touch as we drifted off to sleep.

***

I was woken by the sound of the shower running. I lay there wondering if I just had a fantastic dream or had the events that were so vivid in my mind actually happened. As I became more aware, I acknowledged to myself that the events were real and that, if everything worked out as planned, then there would be more new experiences happening tonight.
