 *Disclaimer: All persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

*

Chapter 71

Marie Soileau gritted her teeth; Bill Baggett was a pain in the ass. He was surly, uncommunicative, insolent, and ungrateful. Because of him, she would be at least an hour late getting home; dinner would be late again.

"Honey Bunny," I can cook, you know?" Bob had told her.

"Baby, cooking is my way of winding down, getting rid of the stress of the day," Marie had told him.

But as the deposition dragged on, she knew she wouldn't get home in time to cook. She slipped Vickie a note. Vickie read it, nodded her head and left the room.

Bob cheerfully told Marie's assistant to tell her boss he'd be more than happy to burn dinner tonight.

Marie smiled when Vickie slipped her the note with Bob's comment.

"No, no, he banging on all the doors, yelling for someone," Carlos was telling them. "I no see the girl, my maid, she the one see her, call for ambulance."

Marie noticed that as the deposition dragged on, Carlos' English was getting worse.

Elaine Simone was very nervous as Vickie cheerfully ushered her into the room. The prosecuting attorney was introduced to her, as was Bill Baggett's attorney. She sat down and waited.

Marie again fought down the intense dislike she had for her client. This girl was still recovering from the vicious, brutal beating and would most likely have a long recovery ahead of her. The girl had on an eye patch; Marie wondered why, when the doctor had provided her with a prosthetic eye.

"And he was driving up and down, looking for Teddy and Elizabeth," Elaine said in a voice so low that Marie had to ask her to repeat herself.

"Why was he looking for them?" Adam Smith, the prosecuting attorney for St. Elizabeth Parish asked.

"You really want me to tell them?" Elaine asked, facing Bill Baggett for the first time since coming into the conference room.

He ignored her. Ed Baggett tightened his jaw.

It had been a long day for him, having to sit through the several witnesses that the prosecution had petitioned. He was angry with Bill; Bill just did not seem to understand how serious this was.

At her condominium, Daphne was waiting for him. She said the moment she heard his car pull up, she'd pour him a good stiff whiskey on the rocks. Then she'd serve her 'Big Eddie' a plate of chicken and sausage jambalaya.

"Because Elizabeth and Teddy were going to fuck," Elaine said, still looking directly at Bill.

"Have sex," Marie corrected.

"And he didn't want Teddy fucking her; he wanted to be the one to fuck her," Elaine went on.

Ed Baggett lost all color. Bill Baggett tried to pretend that Elaine wasn't in the room, wasn't speaking, but the heavy blush on his face told that he'd heard her, loud and clear.

Marie fought down the nausea. Being four months pregnant, there was some nausea, dealing with such a revolting client brought on some nausea. But what this girl had just said nearly made her vomit.

"And when I told him that was some sick shit," Elaine said, emboldened, and a little angry. "He started hitting me."

----

Doug Jensen did not wonder how his son J.R. was doing, nor did he wonder how his daughter, Cindy Jensen, was doing. Neither one of his kids could be bothered to come see him and neither one of them were ever home when he was allowed to call out. Time after time, the damned answering machine picked up.

Cindy Jensen did not live in the trailer; she did not even live in the state of Louisiana any longer. 

Upon Doug's arrest, Cindy had been forced to swallow her pride, her bitterness and call her mother and beg for the remainder of the tuition for St. Thomas Aquinas. Terri Jensen was only too happy to pay the twelve hundred bucks still owed on Cindy's tuition, but did stipulate that upon graduation, Cindy come to Oakland and spend at least one month with Terri and her lover.

Cindy did not tell anyone good-bye, nor did any of her schoolmates miss her. J.R. missed her a little; from time to time Cindy would get fed up with the squalor and disarray and actually clean the trailer. Since he could not be bothered to clean it up, the cockroaches were beginning to take residence.

----

Paul Robichaux lay on his back on the creeper, working on the 1963 Cadillac. He smiled as he heard the Toyota pull up to the garage, then heard the squealing and giggling and laughing as Cindy, Candy, and Pam spilled out of the car.

"Paul," Pam called out as she entered the large metal building.

"Over here," he called back.

"Oh, there you are," Cindy laughed as she spotted his legs sticking out from underneath the car.

"Hey," he greeted her as she squatted down and peered under the car.

"Hey," she smiled happily.

"Hi, Pam announced herself as she bend over and peered under the car.

"Hey," Paul greeted her.

"Where are y'all?" Candy complained as she looked under another car on the other side of the building.

"I swear, she's getting blind in her old age," Cindy laughed.

"Over here," Pam called out and Candy located them in the darkened interior of the building.

"Oh!" she laughed and walked over.

"So, what're y'all doing?" Paul asked and finished loosening the last bolt holding the transmission in place.

"Nothing," Cindy smiled and slowly parted her legs.

Her plaid skirt reached her knees and Paul watched as more and more of her inner thighs became visible. The rising lump in his coveralls told Cindy that she had his attention and she smiled as she spread her legs wide, showing him her bare pussy. She was obviously aroused; the moisture was quite visible on her puffy lips.

"Damn it," Cindy," he laughed. "hard enough to work here, you got to give me a boner?"

"Aw, poor baby," she teased.

Then she clamped her thighs together and looked around in apprehension.

"Your Daddy here?" she whispered, afraid she might have given the older Robichaux a bit of a peek.

"No," Paul answered, hoping for another look at her plump pussy lips. "Marie's working late again; those depositions, so he ran home to do dinner."

"God, how can you see under there?" Candy asked as he peered underneath the car.

Paul looked around. True it was a little dim in the building, but the wide open door let in a lot of sunlight.

"Candy, when's the last time you went to an eye doctor?" he finally asked her, his erection beginning to wilt.

"What? Why?" Candy asked, laughing.

"'Cause, it's not that dark in here," Paul said seriously.

Any excitement over Cindy's flashing him had fully subsided. He slid out from underneath the car. He sat up and was kissed in quick succession by the three girls.

"I'm serious," Paul said as he scooped up a handful of goop and began washing his hands.

Candy lost the smile. True, it did seem that nighttime was getting a lot darker lately. And Pam and Cindy were forever complaining about her driving. In this dark building, both Cindy and Pam had been able to find Paul right away, while Candy looked everywhere else.

"And you," Paul said as he slapped Cindy on her buttock. "Put some drawers on."

"Cindy!" Pam squealed.

"Oh, shut up," Cindy laughed and slapped the smaller girl on her buttock. "Like you never ever 'forget' your undies."

Paul tried to maneuver the A-frame over to the car; Pam and Candy and Cindy trying to help, but hampering him more than helping him. The 

Mosquitoes sensed the four teenagers and began their assault. Finally, tired of swatting and slapping, the girls decided to leave.

"I'll drive," Pam declared.

She was proud of her driver's license. She was proud of the hours she and Paul spent on the back roads, driving up and down, him pointing out the finer points of driving, of parking, of car maintenance.

That's how she knew it wasn't just the sex. He really did love her. He was willing to sacrifice his time to be with her, to teach her.

True, they did make out, they did have sex almost every time she put the car into 'Park.' Once, on a backcountry road she pulled him out of the car and lay on the hood of the small automobile and raised the hem of her skirt.

"No drawers," she laughed.

She groaned as he lapped and sucked at her hairy pussy, then squealed in orgasm as he drove his condom covered cock into her as deep as he could.

"I love you," she screamed out loud.

"I love you too," he had whispered into her ear, then picked up the pace, hammering in and out of her pussy.

The woman from the DMV had praised her skill at parallel parking and Pam nearly burst out laughing. Parking was her favorite part of the driving lessons.

But Paul was just as proud of her license as she was.

"Shut up!" she had yelled when the photographer laughed as she had to lower the camera to take Pam's picture. The resulting photo showed Pam with a bit of a scowl.

"Oh, don't worry about it," Bobbi had laughed. "Good god, you should see mine!"

----

Elizabeth kissed Missy again, lightly stroking her small, hard nipples. Slowly, she trailed her fingers along Missy's slender body until she reached the hem of Missy's plain cotton panties.

"How come you never wear the thong ones I got you?" Elizabeth whispered to her.

"I don't know," Missy moaned as Elizabeth's fingers traced all around Missy's pussy, but never touched it.

How could Missy tell Elizabeth that she didn't wear those panties because her father dug them out of the hamper and used them to masturbate with?

Elizabeth used her fat tongue to swipe at Missy's hard nipples, then Elizabeth pulled her in for another passionate kiss. Elizabeth thrust her hips forward and ground her panty-covered crotch against Missy's panty covered crotch.

When she released Missy from the embrace, she smiled and playfully pushed Missy backward onto her fluffy bed.

After they'd finished making love, Elizabeth cradled the skinny girl in her arms.

A thought came to Elizabeth and she entwined her fingers in Missy's strawberry blonde hair. 

"Let me ask you something?" Elizabeth softly asked the girl. 

"Mm hmm?" Missy lazily asked.

"How come you never have any periods?" Elizabeth asked and felt Missy stiffen in her arms. "I mean, I've had three of them since we've been lovers, and you ain't had none."

"I um, well uh," Missy stammered and struggled to get up, get out of Elizabeth's strong embrace.

"You're knocked up, aren't you?" Elizabeth asked calmly.

"I uh, I yes," Missy admitted.

"And it's Teddy's, huh?" Elizabeth asked, still maintaining her cool and calm demeanor.

"It's uh, yes, yes its Teddy's," Missy confessed.

"You fucking bitch!" Elizabeth screamed.

"Elizabeth, I..." missy tried to say as Elizabeth slapped her across her face.

"You stood there and told him, you told us you were on the pill!" Elizabeth screamed and slapped Missy across her face again. "You lied to us!"

"Go ahead, BILL!" Missy screamed back. "Go ahead! Beat me up, Bill!"

Elizabeth gasped then glared at the strawberry blonde.

"Go on," she whispered in an icy tone. "Just go on and get dressed and get out."

"Elizabeth, I'm sorry," Missy sobbed as she pulled on her bra.

"I don't ever want to see you again," Elizabeth hissed as she stomped, nude, out of her bedroom.

Missy heard the hall bathroom door slam shut. She finished dressing then left the bedroom.

She let herself out of the large house and walked to the end of the driveway. The house she and her father lived in was only a quarter of a mile away, an easy walk, even in the twilight's humidity.

When she reached her house, the unbearable loneliness overwhelmed her. She and Elizabeth were no longer lovers, were no longer friends.

----

"Appointment at Dr. Bordelon's tomorrow," Carmen said as she drove Elaine home from the lawyer's office.

"Yay," Elaine sighed.

"Well, would you rather run around with that goofy eye patch?" Carmen snapped.

Elaine looked out the car window at the brown fields that whizzed past them.

She had looked at him, looked him square in the eye and exposed him for what he was, a sick son of a bitch that wanted to sleep with his own sister. She exposed him for what he was, a cowardly son of a bitch that beat up on women.

She almost giggled; he looked like he was going to puke when she'd lifted the eye patch and showed them the empty eye socket.

The giddy mood was short-lived. His father was a really nice guy; she'd liked him on the few occasions Bill had brought her around the house. Mr. Baggett had looked so old, so beaten down as she testified.

"No, Mom," she finally said. "It's just that I'm so sick and tired of all of this," Elaine said.

"I know, baby, I know," Carmen said and hit the blinker to signal a turn off of Highway 19.

----

"Look, Adam," Marie sighed. "What do you want?"

"Sucks being on the other end of the table, don't it?" Adam smiled.

"What do you mean?" Marie asked.

"Used to work for the DA in Metairie, now have to defend the same kind of people you used to prosecute," Adam smiled and loosened his tie and collar.

"Yeah, you're right," she smiled. "Sucks being on the other end."

"Look, Marie," Adam sighed. "There's not a whole hell of a lot of defense here; we put Ms. Simone on the stand, what do you think a jury is going to do?"

"Crucify Bill Baggett," Marie thought. "And I'll hand them the nails."

Aloud she said "Three years probation, two hundred hours community service, time served."

Adam shook his head. "Five years probation, four hundred hours, he sees a therapist for some anger management and a ten thousand dollar fine."

"I'll have the papers in your office by five o'clock Monday afternoon," Marie smiled.

"Nice to see a smile," Adam said as he got to his feet.

"Smiling because I won't have to sit next to Bill Baggett anymore," Marie admitted.

Chapter 72

Ed Baggett used his fingers to comb her long red hair away from her eyes and looked into them. She smiled up at him, then tilted her head forward for a kiss.

"Oh, Big Eddie," she sighed as she put her head back down on his hairy chest.

When they'd first started dating, she teasingly called him 'Mr. Baggett,' telling him she would call him 'Eddie' when they became lovers. The first time they'd made love, she looked at his rampant manhood, looked into his eyes and said "Oh, Big Eddie! You are my kind of man!"

He tried and tried, but finally, after nearly an hour of trying to please her, he couldn't hold back and shot his semen deep into her. She looked at his disappointed face and grew worried.

"What's wrong? Wasn't I good?" she asked, nearly crying.

"No, no, Sweetheart, you were unbelievable," he hastened to assure her. "It's me, I'm afraid I wasn't good enough."

"Baby, what you got here," she said and gripped his cock. "This is something, you hear? But it's what you got in here..."

She touched his chest with her long fingernail.

"This, Baby, this is absolute magic," she said and kissed him deeply.

"But I didn't satisfy you," he complained.

Says who?" she asked him and cuddled up to him. "Feeling your arms around me, feeling your lips touching mine, feeling you deep inside of me, Big Eddie, I am completely satisfied!"

She put her lips to his ear.

"And tomorrow, all the men at the factory are going to know all about how Big Eddie rocked my world," she whispered, then playfully nipped his ear lobe.

Tonight, after such a grueling day in the lawyer's office, it felt so good to be in Daphne's arms. He squeezed her tightly.

"I ever tell you that I love you?" he asked her.

She looked up into his eyes for a long moment.

"Do you?" she asked and a single tear began to trickle down her face.

"Yes, yes I do," he admitted and kissed her.

"Oh, my God, oh Baby," Daphne started crying and clutched him to her. "Oh, I have waited all my life to hear a man say that to me!"

Ed vowed to himself he would say it to her as often as humanly possible.

----

It was just a glimpse; just a fleeting glimpse but Bill Baggett froze it in his mind for eternity.

He'd come up the stairs and turned down the hall when Elizabeth had exited the bathroom they shared. She was completely nude.

Large dark nipples capped her large breasts. Her slender waist had a beautiful little slit for a belly button. And her pussy was smooth; she shaved her pussy bald.

She had squealed when she looked up and saw Bill and dashed into her bedroom and slammed the door shut.

Bill went into the bathroom and pulled out his aching erection and began furiously stroking it.

----

Candy smiled as Pam gritted her teeth in frustration. Finally, Pam sighed and sat back in the desk chair.

"Come help me with this stupid chart," she begged.

Candy looked over the chart of Dominant and Recessive genealogy and again tried to explain it to Pam.

"But who cares about stupid pea plants?" Pam asked, exasperated.

"It's not just pea plants," Candy smiled. "It's all of us."

"What you mean?" Pam asked.

"Okay, for example," Candy said and leaned close. "You're short..."

"So are you!" Pam yelled.

""Uh huh, and Paul is tall," Candy went on. "And if you had a kid, what's the likelihood that it would be short like you, or tall like Paul. Or have brown hair like you, or have blond hair like Paul? Get it?"

Pam looked at Candy for a long moment, then smiled dreamily.

"I bet he'd be big and handsome like his Daddy," she said.

"Well, that's what this chart shows," Candy said. "And is your being short, is that a recessive gene, or a dominant one?"

----

Her pussy lips were nice and swollen and slick with moisture. The sparse red hair did not cover up her excited slit from his gaze.

The little tease had deliberately flashed her excited pussy at him, beautiful smile on her lips.

If she had turned around, bent over and flashed her beautiful ass at him, he would have had no choice but to take her.

She said she enjoyed anal sex almost as much as he did. Sometimes he wondered if she was just saying that because he knew he enjoyed sliding his cock into her tight rectum, enjoyed hearing her grunts and whimpers, enjoyed feeling her sphincter muscles clamp down on his cock. Did she like it because he liked it, or did she enjoy feeling his cock slide into her, feeling his cock pump in and out of her, enjoy feeling his sperm bubble up and then blast into her bowels.

He grunted and shot a wad into the tissues.

----

Cindy giggled to herself as she peed in the shower. She tried to aim for the drain, cupping her pubic mound, imitating the movement Paul used when he had to pee.

"Ew," she shudders as she mainly succeeded in getting her fingers wet with her own urine. 

She quickly rinsed her hand off, then lathered up, and rinsed off. A quick check told her that even though she didn't want to, she needed to shave her legs and underarms.

"Men have it so easy," she complained. "They never have to shave."

----

She let herself into the shower and adjusted the taps. She wiggled the hand held showerhead down; Candy had shown her that little trick.

The thought of having Paul's baby, of her belly getting nice and round like Miss Bobbi's was getting, like Miss Marie's was getting, of holding Paul's baby inside of her.

She almost sank to her knees with the force of the orgasm. She caught her breath, and then put the hand held showerhead to her swollen pussy lips again.

"Oh, God, that's good!" she grunted, then used the shower spray to wet her hair and face.

She shut the taps off. She made quick work of lathering up, and made quick work of rinsing off. Before she got out of the shower, Pam used the showerhead to masturbate one more time.

"Took you long enough," Candy teased.

"Shut up," Pam groused.

"Leave any hot water for me?" Candy teased.

"No," Pam said and lay down on their bed.

----

"Want another drink,?" Daphne asked Ed.
