 *Disclaimer: Any persons engaging in any sexual acts are at least eighteen years of age.

Chapter 81

Pam was sucking on Paul's cock; she loved the taste of his come. She would hold his come in her mouth and savor the salty, gluey taste of him, then swallow it slowly, letting it slide down her throat.

Her ass burned deliciously. She didn't think she'd like anal sex; Cindy said she loved it, but Cindy was wild like that. But the harder he jammed his cock into her, the more she liked it, the more she craved it.

He was pounding in and out of her pussy. They'd both come so many times; it seemed almost impossible that he would still be able to make love to her any more.

"I love you so much," he whispered in her ear.

She could feel his semen flooding into her sticky, gooey pussy and just knew that she was going to get pregnant from this long autumn afternoon.

"Ha ha," she heard Trish's malicious laugh and woke up.

Damn, the whole thing had been a dream.

"Like touching yourself, huh?" Trish snickered, further ruining the glow of her fantasy.

"Like you never do," Pam shrilled defensively.

"Yeah, but I don't go to town like THAT," Trish laughed. "You were raking away at it!"

"Shut up," Pam grumbled.

Pam looked at the alarm clock and sighed. It was almost six thirty anyway. She had an eight o'clock class that morning, Algebra 105. She got out of bed and knelt beside it.

"Even if there was a God, why would He worry whether or not you say your prayers?" Trish sneered.

"You better hope he does, bitch; I'm praying for you," Pam said and finished her morning prayers.

She was mad at the university for separating her and Candy and Cindy Broussard. With whatever kind of logic they had, the university had put Cindy in room 128, housing her with Celine Ng, an Asian-American student.

"It's like they know I hate Asians," Cindy whispered hotly to Cindy and Pam as they ate their lunch.

"Yeah, at least Celine speaks English," Candy whispered back. "I still don't know what language Rosa's speaking, but it ain't English!"

"Spanish, goof ball," Pam laughed.



Trish was a very tall red head that claimed to be an atheist. She had also arrived at the university a day earlier and had claimed most of the closet and most of the dresser for herself.

"Look, I'm supposed to get two drawers and half the closet," Pam said and Trish smirked at her.

"Uh huh," Trish sneered, pretending not to listen to Pam.

"Move your stuff, or I will," Pam threatened.

"Do what?" Trish laughed.

"In a move that surprised Trish, Pam scooped the underwear out of the third drawer and tossed the armful out into the hallway.

"Now, when I finish putting my clothes away, my half of the closet better be ready, got it?" Pam said and began unpacking her suitcase.

Like her or not, Trish had to admire the small girl for not being intimidated by her size; she towered over the girl by a good fourteen inches and outweighed the girl by at least seventy pounds.

She actually envied the girl; Pam had two friends that came to her room all the time to visit her, and she had an unbelievably good-looking boyfriend that stuck his head in Room 133 every now and then. When she masturbated, usually while Pam was out of the room with her friends or out on a date with Paul, it was Paul's image and voice that fueled the masturbation fantasies.

She had no friends; she did hang out with a few intellectually like-minded people, and did belong to a club that met often to argue the existence or non-existence of a deity, benevolent or otherwise. But her cell phone never rang. Pam's cell phone went off constantly. And Pam did not know how to have a quiet, private conversation. Pam squealed and screamed and shrilled while on the phone.

"Damn, the girl is right down the hall in room one forty!" Trish complained. "As loud as you're talking, don't need the stupid phone."

"You mind?" Pam asked. "I'm talking on the phone."

"No! Is THAT what you're doing?" Trish asked, sarcastically. "No one in the whole fucking dorm had a clue what you're doing!"

She went out on dates every now and then, mainly dates she'd arranged on an Internet dating site, but those usually ended up as huge disappointments.

"I mean, why's it so damned hard to meet some nice guy, huh?" Trish asked Pam, in a moment of weakness.

"It's not," Pam said as she finished getting dressed for a date with Cindy and Candy and Paul. "I think you're thinking with your eyes, though. You're looking for a super hottie that's also super nice."

"Yeah, like Paul," Trish thought.

"And most of the super hotties know they're super hotties, so they don't feel like they got to be nice or nothing," Pam concluded.

She hiked up her skirt and pulled on a pair of black thong panties. She still hated wearing panties, but Miss Bobbi told her, if she was going to wear skirts, she had to wear panties.

"Damn, Pam, ever hear of a razor?" Trish sneered, angered at Pam's assessment of Trish's dating scene.

"What?" Pam asked, surprised at Trish's comment.

"Damn, that is one hairy bush!" Trish sneered.

"And?" Pam asked hotly. "What're you looking at my bush for anyway?"

"Shove it in my face, I'm going to look," Trish defended.

"Whatever," Pam said and buckled a pair of Mary Jane shoes and admired herself in the mirror before grabbing her purse and leaving the room.

----

Cindy ignored Celine. She had not liked the girl from the moment they met; she really did not like Asians. She chided herself; she was being silly. Her dislike stemmed from the two Asian waitresses in Kimble and Lafayette that had flirted with Paul, her boyfriend. But Celine had not helped her own case at all by commenting that Paul was cute when he helped Cindy lug her suitcases up to her room.

Celine sat at the desk and carefully, meticulously did her homework.

Finally, the silence grew to be too great for the naturally bubbly, friendly Cindy.

"Celine, it's Friday night, why're you doing homework?" Cindy asked.

"Get it done tonight, then I don't have to worry about it the whole weekend long," Celine whispered in her small voice.

That was something else that Cindy hated about Celine. The girl was the same height, as she, five feet tall, but weighed only ninety pounds. She had a slim waist and slender hips and thin legs.

And she never spoke loud enough for Cindy to hear her; she always whispered. Cindy wanted to strangle her half the time.

"So you can just sit around the whole weekend anyway," Cindy thought to herself as she slid her favorite jeans on, and then put on her loafers.

A knock at the door told her that Pam was there.

"Come in," she called out and Pam opened the door and smiled.

"Love those jeans on you," she said and the two friends kissed quickly before Cindy grabbed her purse.

She did not bother telling Celine good night. She did not see the silent tears falling from Celine's eyes.

----Candy gritted her teeth and wiped out the sink that was in their room. Rosa had done it again, washed her long black hair in the sink again. Candy had asked the girl not to wash her hair in the sink; it was for brushing their teeth, but Rosa ignored her. The disgusting pig also shaved her underarms in the sink.

She brushed her teeth and rinsed her mouth out, ignoring the loudly chattering girl. Rosa was on her cell phone, conversing in Spanish. For all she knew, Rosa could be telling whomever it was on the other end all about her, telling her friend or family member that the blonde was a fat, disgusting bitch. Besides her deplorable hygienic habits, that was the other thing that Candy hated about Rosa Garcia; she rarely spoke English.

A knock at the door told her that Cindy and Pam were there, ready to go.

"Come in," she called out and Rosa squealed and announced in Spanish that she was not decent, for them to please wait.

Pam and Cindy ignored the now fussing girl as Rosa tried to clutch her towel to cover her quite plump body.

"Almost ready, ooh, nice jeans," Candy said cheerfully.

"Thanks, oh that is a cute sweater," Cindy smiled; she was wearing an identical sweater.

Rosa was still complaining as the three girls left the room.

----

Paul waited in the lobby of the girls' dormitory and smiled widely; he could hear them coming down the stairs. The dorm monitor smiled as well; she had become accustomed to the Broussard sisters' normal mode of conversation. Excited, loud squeals and screams, happy bubbly laughter.

"Y'all have fun," she called out as the foursome trouped outside.

"Okay, where're we going?" Candy demanded, clutching onto Cindy's upper arm for guidance.

Her eyesight was getting worse. There was no avoiding it any longer. At night, she was very nearly blind, unable to see much at all. During the day, she often walked directly into objects that every one else seemed to be able to avoid. So, whenever possible, she clung to Cindy, or Pam, or Paul.

"I don't know; there's that seafood restaurant, um, Pier something, right there on the river, that good?" Paul asked as he opened the passenger door of their Impala.

"Ooh, I love that place!" Pam enthused as she stood aside and waited for either Cindy or Candy to get in first.

"Me too," Cindy said as she shoved Cindy in the front seat. She followed and then held out her arms for Pam to climb in.

Paul looked around; they were alone in the parking lot of the girls' dorm. He leaned in and gave Pam a loving, lingering kiss. Then he kissed Cindy was equal passion. Then he closed the door and ran around the front of the car, to the driver's side. Both Pam and Cindy sighed.

"Hey," he said as he slid behind the wheel of the large car and kissed Candy tenderly, passionately.

"Hey," Candy said and rested her head on his shoulder.

He rested his hand on Candy's thigh as he drove and she brazenly grabbed his hand and shoved it to her crotch. He smiled and squeezed her leg, but did not move his hand. She did not move her hands from his large one.

Pam giggled lightly; Cindy was playfully edging her skirt's hem up, lightly tickling her thighs. Then she remembered Trish's comment of earlier.

"Hey, let me ask you something?" she asked over her shoulder.

"Yeah? What?" Cindy asked.

"You think my pussy's too hairy?" Pam asked.

"No, um, no, not really," Cindy said. "I mean, yeah, it is pretty hairy, but it's not like it's, you know, hanging down to your knees and stuff. Why?"

"Oh that bitch, Trish, she said it was too hairy when I was getting ready tonight," Pam groused.

"Ew, that stupid atheist?" Candy squealed.

"And what's she doing looking at your pussy?" Cindy asked, unable to hide her jealous suspicions.

"I'm pulling on my undies and she's all like 'Damn, your bush is so hairy,' and I'm like 'what're you doing looking at it?'" Pam said.

"Oh, oh, okay," Cindy said and resumed stroking Pam's right thing while clutching the small girl's waist with her left arm.

Pam clutched Cindy's left hand tightly.

"That's all," she emphasized.

"Better be," Cindy whispered into Pam's ear and bit the lobe, hard.

"Ow!" Pam giggled and squeezed Cindy's hand again. "It is."

----

"Aagh!" Bill Broussard screamed as the image of Jake Broussard in his swim trunks came into view on the television.

"Uh huh, I know, ain't never seen one that big, huh?" Jake preened and grabbed his crotch.

"No, normally when I see a pasty white object, all bloated like that, it's in the water, swimming with all the other whales," Bill said.

"Oh, shut up, butt hole," Jake laughed and threw a small pillow at the next-door neighbor. "You want to see our vacation stuff or what?"

"You were there, right?" Emily asked Bobbi.

"Of course, who do you thing's holding the camera?" Bobbi laughed.

"Smart woman," Emily laughed.

"Emily, I was what? Six months pregnant?" Bobbi laughed. Like I wanted to be parading around in a bikini in front of the camera?"

"And damn did she look good!" Jake said and kissed his wife.

"Shut up," Bobbi said and kissed him back.

They looked at the sandy white beach of San Juan and the various people milling around. They all laughed when an extremely fat man waddled past the camera lens, and then stopped to adjust the swim trunks. Bill sighed as the camera panned out to the open sea and showed a plethora of sailboats dotting the water.

----

Daphne peered around the corner and clenched her jaw. It was tearing her apart, watching him torture himself. Absolutely no one, none of the employees, none of the people in the town, no one blamed Ed Baggett for what had happened that horrible night. No one, except Ed Baggett.

She quietly came into the living room and looked at him, then sighed. His eyes were blood-shot, watery. The fifth of scotch was empty. He was far beyond reach now; best thing to do was to simply let him sleep it off, then try to reason with him again in the morning.

"Hey," he said quietly, trying to force a smile to his face.

"Hey," she agreed. "I'm going to bed, you coming"

"No, no, you go on, Sweetheart," he sighed.

""Please?" she begged, then knelt down in front of him, peering up into his eyes. "Please, Big Eddie? You haven't, we haven't made love since that night. Please, please, please come to bed, please come hold me."

Ed looked at her through blurry, weary eyes, then nodded his head yes.

"God, Daphne, what would I do without you?" he asked, and cupped her face in his hand.

Frantically, she kissed the palm of his hand, clutching it to her face.

"You're right, Baby, let's go to bed," he said.

She smirked to herself; he had fallen asleep the moment his head hit the pillow. So much for making love. But he was in bed, lying right next to her. She cuddled up against his back and kissed his shoulder.

"I love you, Big Eddie," she whispered. "Baby, I love you so much."

----

Dick let himself in and smiled; Carmen was sitting on the couch, waiting.

"Baby, I told you, you don't have to wait up for me," he said quietly.

"The hell I don't," she smiled back. "Get used to sleeping with someone who snores as loud as you, just can't fall asleep without it."

"I do not snore," he protested.

"Damn it, Dick, you do too!" she laughed and hugged him tightly. "I taped you! What was that, huh?"

"Don't know, Elaine? Elise? Damned sure ain't me," he denied as they walked up the stairs.

"Both Elaine and Elise are asleep right now," Carmen said. "You hear any snoring? You hear anything coming from their rooms at all?"

He came back into the room and smiled as she modeled the white teddy she'd bought a couple of weeks ago.

She loved him. She was sure of it. The first night he'd spent the night, she'd waken up to discover that he was not in bed. Then he came back in and slid in bed again.

"Where'd you go?" she whispered.

"Just checking," he said.

"Checking? Checking what?" Carmen asked, puzzled.

"Checking that the girls are all right, checking that the doors are all locked, checking that everything's where it's supposed to be," he smiled and kissed her.

"Everything all right?" she asked and showed him the crotch was open on the sheer garment.

"Yep, Elaine and Elise are both asleep, doors all locked, stove and oven turned off, boyfriend turned on," Dick said as he grabbed Carmen's leg and brought his face to her crotch.

"Oh, good," she sighed and rubbed his balding head.

----

Bob smiled as he helped Marie out of bed. She looked ready to pop and was constantly up and down, sure that if she didn't get to the bathroom right away, she was going to wet herself, wet the bed. Then she would just sit and wait, and finally admit it was another false alarm.

"Stop laughing at me," she complained, laughing also.

"I'm not laughing," he denied, but couldn't help but laugh as she waddled as quickly as she could to the bathroom.

----

Paul was glad he had found a job as quickly and as easily as he had. He'd had a pretty good savings and a good checking account, complete with debit card when they arrived in Monroe, but dating three girls would have drained both accounts in very short order. Plus that, Miss Emily worked at First Union, where his savings and checking account was held. It would not look good for her to check his debit card purchases and see charges for Traveler's Motel.

So, when he secured his job at Baker's Automotive, he opened an account at the same bank that Jerry Baker used. He put the dinner on one account, but made sure the motel went on the other one.

"What you want to watch?" Cindy laughed as she scrolled through the pornographic selections available. "Um, we got Amateur, Anal, Bisexual, Black, um, Blonde..."

"Blonde," Candy said and struck a pose. "They're the sexiest."

"Um, think you missed one there," Paul teased.

"We are not watching Asian," Cindy hissed.

Pam reached up to him and he kissed her while Candy and Cindy playfully argued about the movie selection. He helped the girl out of her blouse, then her bra. She moaned as he sucked one, then the other breasts, and then lightly nipped at her nipples.

"I want to suck you," she whispered and fumbled with his belt buckle.

"Come on, Cindy, not 'Anal,'" Candy complained.

Paul shuddered and felt his semen bubbling up to the surface. Pam grunted as she fingered her pussy and used the other hand to stroke his cock.

Come on, put on something else," Candy begged.

"Oh, here we go," Cindy said and clicked on 'Shaved.'

Pam swallowed and swallowed as Paul pumped his cock in her mouth.

"Oh wow," Candy said as she watched the video of two girls shaving their pussies. The girls were sitting on the edge of a hot tub, sliding their razors through the 'vee' of lather that adorned their crotches. A third girl joined them and smiled as she disrobed, displaying a smooth pussy. Then she reached up and pulled her wig off, displaying a baldhead too.

"Anyone can shave a pussy," she laughed as she climbed into the bubbling water. "It takes a real slut to shave her head!"

"What are you watching?" Pam squealed as she joined the other two on the edge of the bed.

"Shaving," Cindy said and reached between Pam's legs. "Think you're too hairy?"

"I'm not doing that!" Pam said, but watched the three girls.

"And what is going on in here?" a male voice boomed out, and then a male joined the three women.

"Shaving party!" one of the girls squealed and the other two cheered.

"Oh, think I could join in? I love a party," the man said as he stripped out of his clothes.

The scene changed to show two of the girls shaving his pubic hair away, while he lapped at the hairless pussy of the third girl. Then the shaving cream was wiped away from his smooth genitals and one girl declared that she just had to try it out. She squatted over the hairless crotch of the man and slipped the cock into her pussy.

"Hey, Paul, let us do that to you, huh?" Candy teased as she stretched out on the bed next to him.

"Sure," Paul shrugged. "Just as soon as y'all do."

"All of us?" Cindy asked.

"Uh huh," Paul said and slipped a condom onto his resurging cock. "All of you."

"Oh!" Candy groaned as he slipped his cock into her pussy. "Oh, Paul, I love you."

"Love you too," Paul whispered into her ear, while pinching her nipples.

"Oh, I love a smooth cock up my ass!" the bald headed girl declared as the man sawed his cock in and out of her ass.

"Hmm," Pam thought.

Every time they tried anal sex, Paul would barely get the head of his cock in and Pam would beg him to pull it out. In her fantasies, she was able to take it and able to enjoy it.

She Propped up a leg and felt her rectum. A fairly profuse circle of hair ringed the wrinkled opening. She looked over at Cindy, who was slowly rubbing up and down her slit. Cindy said she loved anal sex. Cindy wasn't nearly as hairy as she.
