 I'd never even kissed Jackie, but we'd been friends for a while. I was surprised that I agreed...hell, I was surprised when she'd offered to go on a cruse with me. But, why to Alaska? I always thought that Alaska was all mountains, cold and Eskimos...I'm sure the Eskimos are nice and all, but...

Well, regardless, I met up with her in Washington and spent three days aboard hardly seeing her at all. She was always off doing something, so sleeping arrangements were not even really needed. For my part, I'd spent the three days wandering the ship, talking with the crew and reading under the faint warmth of the fading sun. It was remarkable that once we hit port- half-way point- Jackie thought I'd be willing to go with her into town. I mean, after blowing me off for three whole days?

But, I couldn't think of anything else to do, and besides...who can stay angry that long at someone like her? So, she dragged me to the lamest thing I'd ever even heard of: a quilt and fabric show.

Fun.

Rule number one about Alaska...it's freezing. Now, native Alaskans tell me it isn't always so, but they're liars. It's freezing, just trust me. I thought khaki's and a fleece jacket would be sufficient...oh, how sorry I was. Jackie faired little better in her burgundy gaucho pants and white blouse. I'm about as confused as a hungry newborn in a strip club, when finally I see someone who makes the whole trip to the quilt convention worthwhile...

She was tall, 5'9" at least, with dark hair in pigtails and a body that was just amazing, barely concealed by her black pants and white top. To top it off, she had an adorable face and eyes you could get lost in. To my horror, I see Jackie move in...

Jackie stands next to her at the booth, smiles and asks, "So, what's your favorite pattern?" 

The woman picks up a pattern and hands it to Jackie, who merely shrugs and says, "I don't know anything about patterns, but it seemed like a good way to start a conversation."

The woman laughs awkwardly sizes us up as she shakes Jackie's hand.

"Nikki" she says. My God, she even has a sexy name! "You guys in town for the quilt convention or something??" 

Jackie laughs and asks how she knew.

"Your clothes," she says, seemingly amused. "You're dressed like foreigners"

I take a bit of offense to that one, but I shrug it off. Alaska really is like another planet. "Actually, we're on a cruise, killing time on the beach." I say.

This seems to excite Nikki. She loves cruise ships and would kill to get on board, even for a little bit. I look over to Jackie, who doesn't have a problem with it. The whole walk back to the ship, she and Jackie are talking but I cant quite make out what they're saying. Probably some blatant female conspiracy...

Sometimes, I wonder if they HAVE to compare notes, just to keep us guys on our toes. As if reading their minds wasn't hard enough sometimes...

Back at the pier, we let Nikki go into the visitor's center first and Jackie looks over at me, with a strange look on her face, half inquisitive. I look down at her and mouth the word "DAMN!" and she laughs out loud. She's never seen me react that way before...

We get Nikki a visitor's pass and promise to have her off the boat by 6PM in time for dinner. She's excited and can barely contain it. We lead her up the gangway and I ask where she wants to go first.

Jackie interrupts before Nikki can speak, saying "I need to head back to the room. I want to change if that's alright with y'all."

"Sure, we'll come with you," Nikki says, following behind. Naturally, I tag behind, staring at Nikki's ass from a respectful distance. I knew that Jackie was bisexual, so it made sense that she was trying to pick up on our new friend, but I had secretly hoped that Jackie might make a move on ME instead. 

We enter the cabin and shut the door behind us. I tell Nikki not to peek at Jackie chides me, saying it's me she's worried about and to turn around. I look out the window to the water below and try not to feel disappointed that Nikki- a total stranger- gets to see Jackie in her underwear. There's just no justice in the world...

Behind me, I can hear Jackie whisper to Nikki, "I swear, that boy is so silly sometimes." As she starts to undress, she asks Nikki to help her pick out an outfit. I try not to look...well, I try to look and not look like I'm looking, but Jackie tells me to keep my back turned to them, and I feign innocence. 

From behind the closet door, I can hear their hushed voices. It seems like I heard Jackie ask "What are you in the mood for?" but that could have meant anything. So, I stare out the window when some kind of bird swoops down and grabs something right out of the water, quite possibly the coolest thing I've seen all trip. I turn around to tell the girls...

...and they're giggling behind the closet door. Oh, well, their loss. I turn back around but then the closet door opens and Jackie comes out, walking up to me. 

"Can I turn around now?" I ask, but receive no answer. I'm surprised when I feel Jackie put a finger up to my mouth...it tastes like sex. I turn around to see her in her bra and panties, her finger still on my lips. 

"Tastes great," I stutter, trying to figure out what's going on.

Jackie giggles again, "It's her" she says, "You want to play too?"

Before I can answer she kisses me and pushes me back on the bed. As I prop myself up, I see Nikki come out of the closet in her own underwear, walk right up to Jackie and start to kiss her while Jackie rests a hand on her shoulder. 

"Ooooh! Pick me! I wanna be on your team!" I ask, starting to get up before being shooed away by Jackie. 

"Fine, I'm not playing with you right now. I'm playing with Nikki." She says as she slips her hand down into the woman's panties. I gasp aloud...there is no sense trying to hide my erection anymore. I sat up again and watched them kissing and fondling each other. Nikki reached up and caressed Jackie's breasts through her bra and I felt suddenly overdressed. I stood and took off my shirt and pants, stripping to my boxers. 



I walked over behind Jackie, wrapping my hands around her and sticking mine into her own panties...I'd never touched her this way before and it definitely excited her...excited me too. I pressed my hips up to her ass and she feet my cock rubbing against her ass through your panties...


Jackie moaned loudly and played with Nikki's sex faster while I kept grinding into her, fondling her below. Her pussy was very wet now, dripping all over my hand...I don't want to ruin Jackie's nice panties, so I dropped them to her ankles, then removed them from one leg, then the other.

I take my hand and spread Jackie's ass cheeks with it, rubbing her slit with my fingers from behind. It's almost more than I can bear too, and even Nikki seems to like it, but she apparently wants more attention. She drops her panties and takes off Jackie's Bra, finding her nipples hard and waiting.

Jackie starts to moan and says, "I feel useless..." She can decide what to do or who to pleasure and so she just takes it. Nikki leans in and tells her:

"Fuck my pussy, if you please."

Jackie smiles and starts kissing her neck, working her way down until she's licking Nikki out. My hands never leave Jackie's pussy and I stick my fingers inside, surprising her a bit. Nikki removes her bra and grabs a breast with one hand, and Jackie's hair with the other, closing her eyes and breathing heavily. Nikki wants to control herself, but cant...

I rock my fingers back and forth, fucking Jackie with them doggie style while she's on her knees, eating Nikki. With my free hand, I stick a third finger in, getting it nice and wet before plunging it into her ass while I lean in to bite the back of her neck.

Jackie moans even louder and sticks her tongue deeper into Nikki's pussy. Fluid starts dribbling down her face and chin. I switch position to around to play with Jackie's tits while she reaches over and plays with my nipples. My new free hand, still wet, I stick into Nikki's ass, to her audible delight.

Jackie screams softly as her first orgasm starts to hit her, her face buried deep into Nikki and muffling the sound. As soon as she does, it triggers off Nikki's orgasm and she cums all over Jackie, barely remaining standing as more and more of her sex dribbles all over Jackie.

Nikki pulls away then, and sets down on the bed to catch her breath. I use my hand (once again free) to give Jackie's breasts the attention they deserve while she nurses her long orgasm wit her hands. I kiss Jackie deeply, tasking Nikki on her chin and lips and worrying about how much longer I can last before I cum right there. I bite your ears and neck as you scream louder, milking your orgasm for as long as she can...does it count for two or is it still the same one? I whisper to Jackie...

"Look at what Nikki is doing."

Jackie looks over and gets a nice shot of Nikki, sitting back on the bed spread eagle, two fingers inside her pussy, and her other hand furiously rubbing her clit again. Jackie's hands reach up to my neck as I reach down to rub her clit. Jackie pushes down on my hand, rocking her pelvis to slide her pussy back and forth over me. It stick my fingers back in and feel her tighten around me. I take her tongue into my mouth and suck on it hard, but only for a second before she throws her head back to scream...she's cums all over me for the second time while I nibble her neck and whisper...

"Cum on my hand, I want to feel your orgasm."

After she's done and trying to regain control over her breathing, I bring my hand to my lips and I taste it, licking each finger and then passing it to her, while I keep massaging her breasts.

Nikki asks from the bed, "What about me?"

Jackie smiles and replies, "Oh, lets play with her now." She crawls over on all fours and reaches up, rubbing Nikki's nipple while I squeeze the other one. Nikki removes her hands and I take center and lick her pussy. I lick her up and down, from asshole to clit, taking in as much pussy as I can... I brush her slit like I did Jackie's', finally finding her clit and pulling it with my teeth...

Jackie slithers down beside me and licks below me, teasing her asshole while I tease her clit, rubbing the skin around...it's getting crowded, so I move back and let Jackie take over the oral sex and slide up behind Jackie's upturned ass...

As I'm about to enter Jackie from behind, she stops me and says,

"That isn't for me, darlin, it's for her. You guys did a good job on me already."

I'm disappointed. I'd been wanting to fuck Jackie for ages. Before I can protest, she grabs me and shoves my head back into Nikki's pussy and slides below me to take me into her mouth...I can feel the walls of her throat as she takes me in deep, then contracting to suck me on the way out. She licks and plays with my tip as I try to concentrate on eating Nikki out, but I start moaning so loud that I cant do it properly. I have to resist the urge to get rough with her and rip her clitoris right off...

Nikki starts to scream again, she fucking loves it. I can feel her starting to cum on my face, down my beard and chin. Her orgasm is strong and she rides up and down on my face, faster and faster as Jackie sucks faster and faster, waiting for me to cum...

I pull my hands back and steady myself on the bed, feeling my orgasm coming soon. I want to fuck Jackie so bad, but I want to cum right then too. Nikki recovers from her orgasm and rolls off the bed, slithering toward Jackie's pussy now splain on the floor. I cant see a damn thing, but I know she's licking Jackie, sopping up that wet pussy from her asshole to up as I moan and stick my dick deep into her. I cant hold it anymore, and it's only a matter of time before...

...my body shakes as I cum deep into Jackie's mouth. I can tell it's thick and gooey, from they way it clings there inside. I haven't gotten off in a good, long while and I shudder again as another half-load of semen spurts out into her mouth. She sucks on my tip, draining the rest as I moan loudly...how she manages to suck the cum from my hold is amazing.

Jackie sees the expression on my face and laughs, swallowing my cum down in a big gulp. I pull out and roll over, reflecting how good her throat felt, and how I want to fuck her now more than ever. I kiss her on the lips, feeling the warm sex there, moving down her chest to her breasts and taking them into my mouth sucking on the nipples and biting the underside, licking and biting one while the other plays in my hands.

I want her to cum again. "Cum for us, Sexy..." I tell her. I keep on sucking and feel her squirm beneath me as she says in a tired, exhausted voice:

"Oh, damn...you guys are good...oh, fuck..."

Her talking only excites and encourages me more. My hands find her hips and ribs and I dig in with my fingers, causing her to scream out.

"Oh, yes...yes...feels sooo goooood...."

Her back arches suddenly, lifting her up before she falls back down again, breathless...after a few seconds, she props herself up on her elbows and looks past me.

"I think we need some of that cock, huh Nikki?"

"Jackie, Love, I've wanted to fuck you for ages." I say, but she waves me off and tells me to go ahead. I whisper to Nikki and she stops eating Jackie's pussy. She reaches down and grabs your legs while I grab her arms and together we lift Jackie onto the bed, draping her legs over the side. I wiggle between them, rubbing my tip on the outside of her vagina...Jackie moans as I slide myself up and down, barely touching all the wet pussy before me...

Nikki comes up behind me and reaches around, stroking my chest from behind, gringing her pussy into my ass.

"You wanna fuck her?" She asks. 

"Yes I do!" I say, oblivious to how lame it sounds. Nikki laughs and looks down at Jackie.

"You want him to fuck you, dear, or should we play with his head for a while?"

"ooohhhh, I want him to fuck me," She says to my relief, "Please fuck me,"

Nikki whispers into my ear: "You'd better do it, stud."

I stick my cock into Jackie, not even bothering with anymore teasing, just putting it right in with one swift motion. In a second, I'm all the way inside her, and my balls are rubbing her ass. I start going in deep, in and out, getting faster and faster...the bed starts to rock beneath us while Jackie moans with my motions...

Jackie grabs her breasts to keep them from flying around, while Nikki crawls on tome of the bed and kisses her deeply to stifle her moans and cries. Jackie reaches up and grabs Nikki by the neck, taking her in and kissing her roughly.

Meanwhile, I pound away at Jackie's pussy, sending shocks up and down her pelvis, reaching down and rubbing her clit again with my hand as she wraps her legs around my ass, holding me close in place. I arch my head back and open my mouth, trying not to scream...I cant stand this much longer...

Jackie is ready to Cum, judging by the noise she's trying to make. She stops kissing Nikki and looks to me.

"Are you close? She asks.

"Yes, I'm close." I say between breaths, not even slowing down.

"I'm just waiting on you," she says, kissing Nikki again. 

I increase tempo and speed and scream aloud as my second orgasm pulses through my ass and cock, spewing cum deep inside Jackie's pussy. 

"Fuck!" is all I can say. It's enough. The sensation of my cum inside her pushes Jackie over the edge. I keep my cock inside her, wanting her to get off now, pounding for a few more seconds despite the pain and sensitivity of my dick inside her. Jackie lets out one more long, slow moan and then her body releases. 

I pull out slowly, dripping my cum out of me as I go. Nikki jumps off the bed and licks the cum from your pussy, tickling you a bit before she gets it all, then sucking my cock to clean me off. 

"Cum is a terrible thing to waste," Jackie says. I lay down to one side and Nikki to the other, and we caress Jackie's body.

"I'm glad you're coming home with me," She says to me, and to Nikki "But we'll always have Alaska."