 *Disclaimer: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

*

Candy Broussard used her long fiberglass cane as she tapped down the trail.

"Paul wants you; he's down by the pond," Cindy had said.

Paul, Cindy and Pam had used the old bobcat to dig out the earth, then Paul used the rocks they ferreted out of the mounds of dirt and built a waterfall. Pumps in the pond kept the water aerated, kept the waterfall flowing. 

He stocked the forty five by sixty foot pond with bass and trout and they delighted in fishing for them. Cindy was the best; she could fling her hook way out to the middle of the pond. Of course, they rarely caught any of them, and when they did, they were too small to eat.

Back at the house, Celine, Cindy and Pam were busy packing. Graduation was in two days and then they were moving back home, back to Bender, Louisiana. Paul had already sold eight of the ten acres, 

on the ninth acre furthest from the house, he'd built apartments, four buildings. With the equipment he was able to borrow from the University. The materials he'd been able to buy for next to nothing; they were all discarded International-shipping crates. Then he made Cindy, Pam, Celine, and Candy managers of their own apartment buildings.

"Graduation present," he smiled. "Hey, as long as there's a university here in Monroe, y'all have a source of income."

"God, I am so in love with him," Candy said as she negotiated the path.

She could hear the waterfall and followed the sound.

"Over here," she heard Paul say and she smiled wider.

He was sitting on the natural 'bench' he'd formed from a split log and a couple of rocks. She found the bench, then squealed as he grabbed the cane and pulled on it. She sat down next to him and he put his arm around her.

"Cindy said you wanted me," she said.

"Yeah, yeah I do," he said and lapsed into silence.

Actually, it had been Cindy he wanted. He used the money he'd made from the sales of the acres of land to build them the apartment complexes. With the sales of the equipment, the old bobcat he'd fixed up, the bulldozer he'd rescued from the scrap metal heap, and the grader he'd repaired, he'd bought an engagement ring and wedding ring set. The rest of the money, and the money from the sale of the house and barn and remaining acre, including the pond, had gone into a few high-interest bonds, to build them a house once they returned to Bender.

He came back from Ruston, Louisiana, rings in his pockets, and grabbed Cindy and dragged her, protesting that she was busy packing, down to the pond.

"Shut up," he laughed and kissed her deeply, passionately.

He made her sit down on the bench then got down on one knee in front of her.

"Cindy, as much as I love Pam, and Candy, and Celine, and I do love them so very much," Paul began. "There's no one I love as much as I love you. Cindy, will you marry me?"

She sat, stunned, and then looked at the ring he held out to her. Then she looked back at his smiling face and shook her head no.

"No," she finally whispered.

"Wait, what?" Paul asked, stunned; he'd never expected a refusal.

"No, Paul, I can't," she sobbed out.

"Baby, I love you, I've dreamed about this moment for as long as I've ever known you," she sobbed as she held on to him tightly. "But as much, as much as I want you, Paul, Candy needs you. She needs you."

Paul sat, stunned. She was telling him no. The woman that he fantasized about was telling him no, because her friend needed him.

"And that's why I love you most of all," he finally said.

"Paul, please, please ask Candy to marry you," she begged. "I'll do anything, anything you want; I'll make love to you all the time, I'll carry your babies, I'll have your children, as many as you want, I want you, oh God I want you so bad! But as much as I want you, Candy's the one that needs you."

Finally, Paul nodded his head yes and kissed her softly.

"Okay," he said. "You're right."

"You'll do it?" she begged. "You'll ask her?"

"yeah, I'll ask her, but I swear to God, she says no, I'm coming after you!"

"She says no, I'll marry you in a heartbeat," Cindy promised.

"What happened?" Pam asked worriedly as Cindy lay face down on the large bed and sobbed, heartbroken.

Cindy loved Paul so much, absolutely adored the handsome young man. When they'd all gone down to New Orleans to help out with the hurricane relief effort, her heart had burst with pride watching him. She'd picked up a hammer and joined in the building effort. Pam and Candy and Celine had stayed with the wagon, preparing the meals, serving the workers, serving the wretched citizens of the devastated city. But she had hammered, and sawed and hoisted with the men, with Paul.

When she'd seen that gold ring, she knew her heart would explode in her chest. She wanted to scream 'YES!' at the top of her lungs.

"No," she whispered.

Candy. Her best friend in the whole world. Candy was almost completely blind now, was struggling. She'd gone to some school for the blind, right down the road in Ruston, Louisiana, and had gained some independence, some confidence, but she had needs, challenges Cindy could never even imagine.

"Wait, what?" Candy asked, stunned. "Marry, what? Are you serious?"

Paul set his jaw tightly. If Candy told him no, he would just hurl the ring out into the middle of the pond and just give up on the Broussard Sisters altogether.

"Yes, Baby, yes, I'll marry you," Candy sobbed out and hugged him tightly.

Pam's heart stopped beating as Cindy told her that Paul was asking Candy to marry him.

Pam loved him the most; couldn't Paul see that? She loved him with all of her heart. She'd be a much better wife for him than Candy ever would be.

She'd learned how to work the bulldozer and the bobcat. She even learned how to use the backhoe when they were putting in the septic tanks for the apartment buildings. Candy just sat there, laughing and giggling and making stupid jokes. The only time Candy ever got on the bulldozer was when Paul pulled her up on it, and the slut spent more time wiggling on his crotch than actually learning how to use the heavy equipment.

Pam slid off of the bed and walked to the kitchen door, preparing to grab the car keys from the hook, when the door opened and an ecstatic Candy burst in.

"I hate you!" Pam screamed and punched Candy in her smiling face as hard as she could. "I fucking hate you!"

----

Elaine kissed Charlie's shoulder as he lay in their bed, snoring lightly.

"Hmm?" he asked, stretching slightly.

"Seven o'clock, Baby," she said quietly. "Thought you might like a little supper before work."

"Baby, I don't go in until eleven," he said, rolling over.

"Uh huh," Elaine giggled lightly. "But after dinner..."

"Damn," he laughed. "Then I'll need another nap!"

"See why I woke you up at seven?" she giggled and kissed him.

"Damn, you sure are horny a lot lately, oh, son of a bitch!" Charlie said.

He sat up and looked at his hotly blushing wife.

"Elaine Ann Simmons LaPointe, are you pregnant again?" he asked.

"Yes!" she screamed happily. "Found out for sure today! Ten weeks!"

"Hot damn!" he laughed and hugged her tightly.

"You are happy, right?" she giggled happily. "Right? You do want another baby, right?"

"Baby, I want as many children as we can possibly have," he assured her, unbuttoning her blouse.

"Uh uh, leave that be; what about dinner?" she giggled, playfully batting at his hands.

"Dinner can wait," he growled, pulling her blouse off and grappling with her bra.

"Well, that's how we got into this mess in the first place," she laughed and tugged her bra off.

He lavished her breasts and nipples with his tongue and hands and she cradled his head to her breasts. 

He pulled her skirt off and laughed happily when he saw that she wore no panties underneath the skirt. Then he was rolling on top of her and she groaned happily as he slipped into her wet pussy.

"Oh, Charlie," she sighed.

----

Bob wiped at the tears and congratulated Paul again, then hung up the telephone.

"What's wrong?" Marie asked him.

"Nothing," Bob choked out. "My boy, my boy's getting married, that's all."

"He is?" Marie asked, elated.

"Yeah, he asked Candy, and she said yes," Bob sobbed some more.

"Candy?" Marie asked, truly surprised. "But Bob, it's Cindy he loves the most."

"Yeah, well, that's what I thought too, but he asked Candy," Bob said.

Marie shook her head, confused. Bobby started crying and Marie bent over the crib to get the infant.

"Whew!" she exclaimed; she could smell a full diaper.

"Whew, boy, you ATE that?" Bob teased the wiggling infant.

"Worse," Marie smiled as she carried him over to the changing table. "We FED him that."

"Get Lysol!" Rebecca shrilled from the door.

"Shush, you," Marie laughed. "yours didn't smell any better."

"Uh huh, Daddy says I was like flowers," Rebecca said.

"Daddy fibbed," Marie laughed. "Daddy's a big fat fibber."

----

"Damn, Bobbi," Jake complained as he lugged another suitcase to the foyer. "We're going to be there what? Two whole days?"

"And?" she asked.

"What we need all them clothes for?" Jake complained.

"There's the luncheon, then the social," Bobbi patiently explained. "Then on Friday is the graduation ceremony, and I'm sure we'll go out to eat Thursday night."

"Uh huh, whatever," Jake said.

----

Ed balanced TeddiAnn on his leg as she flipped through the channels. He sighed and lightly tickled the child.

"Nothing on," he said.

"Nothing on," she echoed.

"I saw 'Steel Magnolias,'" Daphne said.

"Like I said, 'nothing on,'" Ed teased.

"Nothing on," TeddiAnn echoed.

"Put it back," Daphne ordered.

"Hey, I saw the Golf Channel," Ed countered. "But did I put that on?"

"Eddie, you hate golf," Daphne laughed.

"Not as much as I hate 'Steel Magnolias,'" Ed countered.

"Put it on," Daphne ordered.

"Fine, fine," Ed grumbled and hit the buttons.

TeddiAnn looked up at Poppa and smiled when e smiled down at her. She reached up and patted his wrinkled face and he grabbed her hand and bit it playfully. She shrieked in laughter.

Daphne smiled and shook her head. She still remembered the day a skinny blonde had timidly knocked that he door of the condo.

"Yes?" Daphne asked the frightened looking girl.

"Um, is um, Mr. Baggett, he live here?" Missy mumbled.

Daphne's eyes narrowed. This cute little girl had better not be a 'fling' of Big Eddie's and the squirming little brat had better not be Big Eddie's kid or Daphne would be wearing his balls for earrings.

"Who is it, oh hi Missy!" Ed said, coming up behind Daphne. "How are you doing? Come on in!"

"Here," Missy said and thrust the squirming infant into Ed's hands. "I thought I could do it, I thought I could take care of her, but I can't. Tell Elizabeth I'm sorry."

And then she was gone, leaving a stunned Ed Baggett holding the baby, leaving an enraged Daphne waiting for an explanation.

Elizabeth screamed when Ed called to let her know that Missy had just come by.

"Hold her there, don't let her go, I'll be right there," Elizabeth screamed and hung up.

She ran out of her mother's house and screeched down the driveway and raced to her father's condominium.

"Where is she, did she have TeddiAnn with her?" Elizabeth demanded as she barged into the condo.

"Missy, no, Honey, I tried to tell you but you hung up on me," Ed said. "She ran off right before I called you."

"TeddiAnn?" Elizabeth cried out, face twisting up in heartbreak.

"She's upstairs, Daphne's giving her a bath, smelled like she hadn't been bathed in weeks," Ed said and Elizabeth ran up the stairs.

At first Elizabeth was outraged that Ed and Daphne insisted on keeping the infant, rather than give TeddiAnn to her. Finally, common sense prevailed. School had been hard enough without the distraction of caring for the baby, and that had been with Missy helping. There was no way she could go to school, take care of a baby, and maintain a passing grade point average by herself.

"But I'll come visit you every chance I get," Elizabeth promised the baby.

Ed paid an investigator nearly ten thousand dollars to track Missy Webber down, but the trail ran cold in Fort Walton Beach, Florida. After six months, Ed called the search off and told Marie Robichaux to file the papers for the adoption.

Chapter 92

Pam drove her Toyota south. Tears of rage streamed down her face.

It was just so unfair. Why did Candy get to marry Paul? Was it because she was prettier and more outgoing? Was it because she was a blonde? Was it because she had a Mom and Dad?

She didn't really think that was the reason; she was just cataloging all the things that Candy had that she didn't.

----

"Wow," Paul said when he came in from the barn and saw Candy's swollen eye for the first time. "That's going to be a beauty."

"Hold still," Celine ordered as he pressed the ice pack against the eye again.

"But it hurts!" Candy whined.

"Pam hit her when she found out about the engagement," Cindy explained quietly.

"That's an odd way of saying 'congratulations,'" Paul joked, trying to make light of the situation.

"It's not funny, Paul," Cindy said.

"I know it's not," he said. "Where is she?"

"Took off," Celine said. "Candy, hold still!"

"Let me call her," Paul said and hit the speed dial number on his cell phone.

"Hi, this is Pam Broussard," Pam's cheerful voice came up. "When you hear the beep, you know what to do. If you don't know what to do, here's a clue; start talking!"

"Call me," Paul said and hung up.

"Congratulations," Celine said quietly, smiling up at Paul.

"Thanks," he smiled back and took the ice pack from her hand and pressed it to his fiancé's eye.

Celine grabbed Cindy's hand and wordlessly dragged the red head to the downstairs bedroom.

"I am so happy that Paul is going to marry Candy," Celine enthused.

"Yeah, me too," Cindy said listlessly.

"Cindy, I was so afraid he would want you, want to marry you," Celine went on.

"Yeah, well, he made his choice, Cindy said.

"Cindy, I have a confession," Celine bubbled.

"A what?" Cindy asked.

"You remember the first day we met?" Celine asked. "You came into the dorm room and Paul carried in your suitcase, and you started putting your stuff away and Paul had to leave to help Pam and Candy? And I was looking at you and I said to myself, 'Well, can't hide it any longer, I'm gay,' 'cause the minute I saw you I knew I was in love with you."

"Wait, what?" Cindy asked, shocked.

"Cindy, I love you," Celine said simply. "I'm in love with you; I'd been denying my homosexuality all this time, you know? I mean, I've been telling myself, 'it'll pass, you just haven't found the right guy yet,' or 'you're bi, that's all, you're not really gay,' but then when I saw you..."

"But, but, you make love with Paul, and I've seen you orgasm when y'all make love," Cindy argued.

"And I like sex with Paul, but it's just sex, it doesn't mean anything to me, it's just a way to get off," Celine countered. "But with you, Cindy, with you, its love. It's making love."

"Celine, I uh," Cindy stammered.

"I went on-line, and in Massachusetts, they're talking about passing a same-sex marriage bill, making it legal for same-sex couples to get married, we could get married just like Candy and Paul," Celine went on. "And I was reading it and thinking 'oh God, if Cindy and I could get married! It would be so beautiful!'"

"Great, just great," Cindy thought to herself and couldn't help but giggle.

Twice in one day. Twice in one day someone was asking her to marry him or her.

"I mean, I didn't buy you a ring, 'cause I just knew that Paul was going to ask you and I knew I could never compete with Paul, but believe me," Celine continued babbling.

She got down on one knee in front of Cindy.

"Cindy Broussard, will you marry me? We'll fly up to Massachusetts and file for a marriage license and..." Celine asked.

"Celine, I love you, love you so very much," Cindy said and pulled the small Asian American up to her feet. "But I'm not, I can't marry you; I'm too much in love with Paul..."

"But he is marrying someone else!" Celine protested.

"And I'm too much in love with Candy," Cindy said.

Celine looked into the warm brown eyes that sought her own eyes for understanding. Finally tears began to spill out of her black eyes, but she nodded her head yes.

"Fine, fine. Fucking bitch," Celine hissed angrily.

"Please Celine, what about," Cindy protested.

"Uh huh, I fucking poured my heart out to you, fucking bitch!" Celine screamed, shoved Cindy with all of her might, and ran out of the bedroom.

A moment later, Cindy heard the front door slam. A car engine started up then race away.

----

"Oh God, here come those neighbors," Dick teased as Charlie, Elaine, Charles the Third, 'Trey,' and Richard trooped across the street.

"Oh no, not those LaPointes again," Carmen asked.

"Yep, 'fraid so," Dick said and opened the door for them.

He held out his hands for Richard, his namesake as Carmen yanked Trey out of Charlie's hands.

"Okay, thanks for coming over, see you, bye," Dick said and made to shut the door on Charlie and Elaine.

"Wait, wait!" Elaine giggled and pushed her way into the house.

"Yeah, we got something to tell y'all," Charlie laughed and entered behind his wife.

"Yeah, y'all are going to want to sit down for this," Elaine warned.

"Is that my boy?" Elise asked as she came bounding down the stairs.

""Uh huh, Nana," Elaine said as Elise kissed her godchild, Trey.

"Oh God, let me guess," Carmen said.

Mom, Dad," Elaine started.

She'd started calling Dick 'Dad' just before her wedding to Charlie. Elise called him Dad too.

"You're pregnant," Carmen interrupted.

"Yes!" Elaine screamed and burst into elated giggles. "Ten weeks!"

"You do know what causes that, right?" Dick asked Charlie as he shook the man's hand in congratulations.

"Uh huh, I am a doctor, remember?" Charlie laughed.

"Yep, something in the air," Dick said.

"Uh huh," Charlie smirked, waiting for the inevitable punch line.

"Yes, her feet," Dick said and Elaine slapped his arm.

"Name this one after me?" Elise begged.

"If it's a girl, we're naming it Carmen; y'all already know that," Elaine informed her audience.

"But if it's a boy we'll name it after you," Charlie told his sister in law, earning himself a punch.

"No, if it's a boy, y'all remember Teddy? That boy that went to school with me, the one that died in the fire?" Elaine said. "If it's ANOTHER boy, we're going to name him Teddy."

----

Am exhausted Pam turned off of Highway 19 onto Cort Street, driving to the place she felt safest, most loved.

"Pam, what on earth?" Bobbi said when Pam staggered into the living room. "Candy and Cindy and Paul are worried sidk about you!"

Pam burst into heart wrenching sobs and Bobbi held the girl tightly.

"Make that cocoa?" Jake asked and Bobbi nodded her head yes.

"And I hit her and told her I hate her and I'm so sorry and I'll never be able to look at her again," Pam sobbed as Bobbi held her.

"Baby, she's worried about you," Bobbi said quietly.

Jake pointed to the mug on the left; it held the dissolved sleeping tablet.

"I don't think she even remembers you hitting her, or saying you hate her," Bobbi went on and handed Pam the doctored cocoa.

"And I love her so much and I don't even know why I got so mad; I should be all happy for her and stuff," Pam sobbed.

Jake went into the bedroom and called Paul, told a very relieved Paul that Pam had arrived home, safe and sound but worn out.

Bobbi escorted the now lethargic girl down the hall to the bedroom that she and Candy shared and sat the girl down on the bed. Bobbi opened the chest of drawers and pulled out Pam's favorite sleep shirt, the 'Robichaux' tee shirt that Paul had given to her.
