 As they exited the hotel, passing from the subdued lighting of the foyer into the bright sunlight, Katie felt that that it mirrored the changes taking place in her life.

First, there had been the dark period of her childhood. An only child, her mother and father had died in a vehicle accident when she was six. Then, the torment of being placed under the guardianship of her grandfather, a pious lay-preacher, who had continually moralized about the sins of the flesh and the consequences of lascivious thoughts. Her childhood had been one without joy; the constant bombardment of negativity from her grandfather had instilled feelings of self-doubt and unworthiness. This legacy, of her now dead grandfather, had influenced every facet of her life, and it was not until she had met Karl, did she feel comfortable in the company of a man.

Dear, wonderful, Karl had released her from the dark ages. His gentle administrations had allowed her to see that she was a person of worth. She came to accept, contrary to her grandfather's preachings, that sexual intercourse was not simply an act to propagate humanity, but a pleasurable and exciting activity. With Karl, she felt totally liberated, and she now initiated their lovemaking just as often as he did. Karl hadn't rushed her, allowing her to become comfortable with each of her new found pleasures, before introducing another. At first, she had found it difficult to speak the words that Karl used to describe their genitalia and actions during their lovemaking, but the rawness of saying cunt, instead of vagina, or fuck, in lieu of intercourse, had help remove the sterile, clinical views that she had previously held. At times, she had experienced perverse thoughts of wanting her grandfather to be there watching them. Wanting to prove to him how wrong he had been, and to show him she had overcome the obstacles that he had placed before her. However, she would reluctantly retreat from those thoughts, because she knew that she had not fully overcome her problems. Whilst wonderfully free with her lovemaking with Karl, she had not found the inner strength to leap the last barrier, allowing her to participate comfortably, and without shame, in discussions with other people about sexual matters. 

Now, Katie knew she had won. The previous night when Anne had kissed her, she had felt as if a bright light had been turned on, illuminating the darkest crevices of her mind, robbing those last remaining fears of their hiding place. Katie was amazed at how quickly her inhibitions had been squashed, and, how voracious her need, to touch, taste and explore this wonderful woman had been. She remembered the sublime, sheer joy of her encounters with Anne's husband, David. How alive her body felt as his fingers and tongue explored and teased her, bringing her to a climax that gripped her whole body.

The darkness of the past was gone.

*** 

The doorman of the hotel looked at the two women as they walked from the hotel entrance, appraising their bodies, and rating them on what he called his Richter scale of fuckability. Over the ten years he had been a doorman at the Eastern Majestic, his rating system had become more complex. First used as a device to help eliminate the boredom of his day, his rating had been simple and reflected his youth. Scoring then, relied solely on the physical beauty of his subject, and required a simple response. Fuck her; not fuck her. Yes or no. With maturity, came the realisation that beauty, while important to him, wasn't the truest indicator of a woman's ability to provide sexual gratification. He now looked for other signs, the way they walked, facial expressions and where possible the tonal quality of their voice, but most importantly were the eyes. The eyes reflected the inner self. 

By the time he had calculated the blondes score, rating her in the high nines, and definitely fuckable, the brown haired beauty had approached him, asking if he could hail them a cab. 

The doorman was momentarily lost for words. This woman was the embodiment of all his desires. Her natural beauty belied the need for makeup, and he could see that her body was lean with good muscular tone. Her nipples poked teasingly from the mounds of her small breast, imprisoned behind the fabric of her tightly fitting top. When seeking his assistance to hail a cab, the woman had smiled warmly, and the tone of her voice was that used when talking to a friend, not the demanding, demeaning voice of so many, who obviously saw him as some subservient, lackey. Her stunning, green eyes, had made direct contact with his, and he could sense the excitement and happiness that flowed within. His imagination flipped into overdrive as he visualised himself, and the woman together, coupled, with his nine inch, black cock, filling her cunt. 

"Ah, ah, yes ma'am, a cab."

***

Anne gave the cabbie directions, "904 Henderson, please."

The cabbie navigated through the congested traffic. Throughout the journey Katie and Anne sat holding hands, grinning at each other like two ten year olds. 

"Ok ladies, this is it, and that's twenty-two sixty on the meter." 

904 Henderson Drive, housed Carla's Den. Anne had used her laptop to access the internet, utilizing the broadband connection in her hotel room. A simple search had located all the adult product stores in Brunswick. Carla's Den, appeared to offer what they wanted, and, was distant enough from the hotel that it was unlikely they would be seen by any of the attendees of the conference who may have recognised Anne. 

Neither woman had been to an adult shop before, and felt slightly apprehensive as to what they may find once they entered. While both owned a vibrator, they had been gifts from caring and thoughtful husbands. Their concerns were soon put to rest. On entering shop, they could see that it was very little different to any other store that they would frequent, that is, apart from the items for sale. The store was brightly lit, and the displays well laid-out. This was not the dim, tawdry premises that they had presumed would be associated with the sale of sex oriented goods. A young female staff member stood ready to assist them. Katie approached the assistant and explained they had viewed the online catalogue and had an idea of the things they wanted. Lisa, the assistant, guided them around the store. She appeared familiar with all the stocked items, extolling their virtues, offering advice with their use, and at times, suggesting alternatives. 

Lisa's easy manner had relaxed Katie and Anne to the stage where they felt at ease to talk openly of the evenings plans. 

Lisa commented on how good it sounded and how she loved being fucked by two guys, declaring her biggest turn-on was having two cocks in her cunt at the same time. She explained how it was a bit hard to actually do much, but the sensation of being so totally taken, was absolutely, fantastic. 

"Come over here, I want to introduce you to someone." 

Lisa walked to the large range of dildos on display and removed one from the shelf.

"This is Goliath, and he keeps me happy if I'm lonely and don't have someone to fuck me."

Lisa handed Goliath to Katie.

Goliath was shaped like a cock, realistic in all ways, apart from its massive size. As Katie felt it, she imagined the sensation of having a cock as round as her arm, fucking her pussy. She was stirred from her thoughts by Lisa's comment, "It does have that effect, every woman who touches it for the first time wonders what it would be like, and I can tell from personal experience, that it feels great." 

Seeing the look of disbelief on Anne's face, Lisa said, "Just wait there a second I need to get something." Lisa quickly returned with a tube of Ultra-Slick lubricant and said, "I shut the door so we can't be disturbed. This is not something I would do for all my customers, but look and learn ladies." 

Lisa removed her skirt and panties, then lay on the carpeted floor, her knees bent, and her legs spread. The narrow strip of her dark brown, pubic hair tapered towards the slit of her pussy, almost as if it was a sign, indicating, ENTER HERE.

Lisa removed the cap from the tube and using her fingers started to play with her cunt, working the lubricating cream into herself to ease the passage of Goliath. Lisa had three of her fingers sliding freely in and out of her cunt when she called for Katie to get the giant dildo and to lubricate it for her. Katie did as asked, coating the head and shaft with plenty of the slippery cream, before handing the monster to Lisa. 

Lisa gripped it with two hands, placing the massive head between the lips of her cunt and then gently pushed, gradually increasing pressure, accepting Goliath deeper and deeper inside her. Katie and Anne stood transfix, amazed as Lisa started to fuck herself, with the giant cock sliding in and out of her cunt. 

After about five minutes, Lisa stopped using the dildo, leaving it resting within her cunt. Using one finger, she began to play with her clit. As Katie and Anne continued to watch, Lisa brought herself to a climax. Slowly she pulled Goliath from her body.

"That feels so fucking good, and only made better having you watch me." Lisa gave a little laugh, "Is there any thing else you would like me to demonstrate. All your talk got me so hot I just had to put out the fire." 

Lisa's performance had left both women highly aroused, but unwilling to relieve themselves as publicly as the young shop assistant.

Katie was first to respond, "No, thank you Lisa, that was a pretty awesome display, but we have something that needs to be done as quickly as possible, so we will have to go."

Anne looked towards Katie, her smile showing that she knew exactly what the urgency was.

The journey back to the hotel seemed to take hours. Katie and Anne could barely restrain themselves from kissing and fondling each other, having to be content with discrete contact of knees and hands. Finally, they pulled up in front of the hotel. Katie gathered their shopping while Anne payed the fare.

As they approached the entrance of the hotel, the same doorman who had assisted them earlier, reached out and opened the door, "Welcome back ladies, I hope your shopping was successful."

Katie turned to him and smiled, "Thank you, yes, much more successful than we had hoped for."

As the two women entered the hotel, he could faintly smell the musky scent of wet pussy ready to be fucked.

Damn! He thought, She's got to me. Now I think I can even smell her pussy. 

****

As soon as the door of Anne's room had closed behind them, they started removing their clothes.

"Shit Anne, could you imagine that fucking thing in your cunt, I thought she would split in half."

Anne laughed, "She certainly enjoys her work."

The two women embraced, and kissed. Katie allowed a hand to fall and nestle between her legs, finding the nectar that flowed from within. Coating her fingers, she dragged them across her firm belly, then to her aching, erect nipples, continuing until her fingers found Anne's mouth. 

Anne sucked on Katie's fingers savouring the taste, then lifted the much smaller woman and laid her on the bed. Anne used the taste and smell of the trail left by Katie to search for the promised treasure at its end. Her tongue traced the route, climbing the hillocks of her breast, stopping briefly to tease hard nipples then continuing across the flat plains of her belly, and across the barren rise of the Mons Veneris before reaching the crevice that hid the pearl of pleasure. Anne's tongue sought out Katie's clit...

***