 Kirsty could feel the anticipation tingling all over her body now as she walked down the hotel with Pete. He had told her to meet him at the Hilton Hotel in Newcastle at 9pm on the dot, to wear her favorite black dress and no underwear. He had been quite explicit in these instructions, she couldn't wait to find out what he had planned for her. 

Pete and Kirsty had been together for 3 months now after they met at the Brothel she worked in. He had been more than happy with her continuing to work there, which delighted Kirsty. She didn't have to worry about keeping this part of her life secret like many of the girls working there did. 

Kirsty's life was good, she had a man who clearly adored her, a job that paid her well, and satisfied her constant need for sex. 

Pete came out when Kirsty knocked on the door of room 312. 

"Hi babe." He said kissing her. "You look stunning." 

"Thanks darling." She replied. "So what have you got in store for me then?" She was desperate to find out now. 

"All will be revealed!" Pete replied. "But I need you to put this on first." Handing her a blindfold. 

Kirsty smiled, she loved games like this, putting herself completely in Pete's hands suited her submissive nature. 

Pete helped her tie the blindfold, positioned her in front of the door then slid the zip down on the back of her dress. It fell to the floor leaving her naked apart from her high heels. She felt so vulnerable standing in a hotel corridor naked, but her trust in Pete was complete. 

"If you want to stop at any time you tell me." Pete whispered in her ear. "I won't let any happen that you're not comfortable with." 

Kirsty nodded an agreement, she could barely speak now, she was almost shaking with anticipation. 

"I love you. Pete told her as he opened the door to usher her in. 

"I love you babe." She whispered to him before following him into the room. 

Kirsty could see nothing, hear nothing. Pete led her to the bed and sat her down. The next few seconds felt like years before she felt someone sit next to her on the bed, putting his hand on her leg and caressing her thigh. He had rough hands so it wasn't Pete, she knew that much. She was getting wetter by the second now. 

A second man then sat the other side of her now, starting to touch her tits, kissing her neck as he did so. How many men had Pete got in here, she had told him once that her biggest fantasy was a huge gangbang, the more men the better. Could this be it? 

The men moved her into the middle of the bed and laid her down. Immediately she felt a pair of hands opening her legs, kissing up the inside of her legs before licking gently at her pussy. Kirsty groaned out loud, it felt wonderful, she was overwhelmed with feeling of lust now. 

She next felt a cock pressing against her lips, she happily let it into her mouth, sucking as deeply on it as she could. It felt huge, bigger than Pete. She really had no idea how many men were in the room with her, she was desperate to take off the blindfold but knew this was part of the game and went with it. 

The man licking her was now working more intensely on her clit, Kirsty could feel her first orgasm approaching. She let the cock out of her mouth to scream with joy as she came. It felt like she was going to explode. The action was quickening now though, so she had no time to recover, a cock was quickly thrust deep into her, making her cry out with shock and pleasure. 

Kirsty then felt another cock the other side of her head, she was now alternating between the 2 men while a third fucked her. It felt amazing. This went on for about another minute before the man pulled out of her. A second or 2 later she felt a familiar warm drop land on her tits, then more over her belly, then some on her pussy. It felt do dirty, so nice. 

Another pair of lips and tongue were soon exploring her wet slit, licking up and down, probing her open hole as deeply as he could. Again, this was soon replaced by a cock, thrusting hard into her. There was very little finesse in the fucking she was getting but this really didn't matter, all she wanted was hard cock after cock. 

The man repeated exactly what the first had done, he pulled out and shot a huge load of semen over her stomach and pussy. Another cock soon replaced the last, fucking her hard. She still had the same 2 cocks in her mouth so this must this was 5 she had worked out. How many more? It was unbelievable, just what she had fantasised about for all these years. 

Kirsty worked hard on the man to her left with her mouth now, she could feel his cock starting to tense now. She had learnt to tell exactly when her man was going to come in her few months as a prostitute. The man let out a grunt and released his load into her mouth, Kirsty swallowed some but the load was huge so she let his cock out of her mouth, sending the rest of his spunk over her face. 

Almost the same second, Kirsty felt the cock inside her explode, flooding her cunt with hot semen. There was a break in the action for a few seconds after this which made Kirsty wonder if 5 was all Pete had arranged. She really hoped not, she would willingly take on 50 men now if she could. 

"Are you ok love?" Pete asked her. "Do you need a break for a bit?" 

"No I'm fine darling." She answered. "How many more have you got for me?" 

"I suppose you can take your blindfold off now." Pete told her. "Are you ready for a surprise?" 

Kirsty slipped the blindfold off and looked around. All she could see was naked men in various states of arousal. She tried to take it in and work out how many there was. The room was huge, there must have been around a dozen men there plus Pete, with his camcorder in hand. He had also got a camera on a tripod with a light set up. He was living out his dream of being a porn director, and he was clearly having a great time. 

Kirsty took a couple of seconds in the bathroom to clean herself up before heading back out for more. 

For the next half an hour she took on another 6 men, all taking turns to fuck her, and for her to suck them. They again covered her in come, her face, tits, stomach and pussy were covered. She was also full again as a couple of the men had came inside her. It all felt so filthy and nice, the reality was even better than her dreams about doing this. 

"Do any of you want to fuck my arse?" Kirsty asked invitingly, moving onto all fours and wiggling her bum in the air. She hadn't even bothered to clean up this time, she just wanted more. 

A man came forward to take her up on her offer. He was black and about 6ft 4, he also had a huge cock, about 9 inches Kirsty thought. She would have preferred something a bit smaller to start with anally but she wasn't going to stop him. 

The man planted a tender kiss on both of her bum cheeks before pulling her cheeks apart, revealing her tight arsehole. He flicked his tongue around her rim, gently working it gently inside her. Kirsty was quivering with pleasure now, being rimmed was one of her favourite sexual treats, she was delighted that someone was doing it for her before the fucking started. 

He carried on for a good couple of minutes before slipping a lubricated finger inside her anus. Her worked more lube in and inserted a second finger, keeping them inside her until she was comfortable. 

"I'll take it slowly." The man told her. "Tell me if it hurts you too much." 

All of the men so far had been so respectful to her, no-one had tried anything stupid, and they were all courteous enough to ask her before they did anything. 

When the man edged the tip of his cock inside her, Kirsty nearly jumped off the bed. It felt as large as it looked, and had her in quite a bit of pain. The man must have realized this and stopped for a second until Kirsty was used to it. She considered stopping him for a brief second, then decided to carry on. 

It did eventually get easier, the man was able to edge his entire length into her before finally starting to fuck her tight hole. She had never felt anything like it, never did she think that she'd be able to take a cock of that size in here arse. The pain had now turned to pleasure though, it felt really nice. 

"I'm going to come." The man told her after a couple of minutes. "Where do you want it?" 

"Come in my arse." Kirsty told him. "I want it inside me." 

After a few more thrusts the man came deep in her hole. She could feel it twitching and releasing the hot liquid into her. 

"Thank you." The man said to her. "You're fantastic." 

Kirsty smiled and blushed a little, she felt proud that these men were so into her. She remained on all fours and another man took his place behind her. He again licked her bumhole, really working his tongue in and out of her now slippery ring. She wasn't expecting anyone to do this after the first man had come inside her, he didn't care though, taking his time to savor her arse. 

When he finally fucked her, the man lasted no more than about 30 seconds before he too came inside her. At least a couple more men did this to her before she finally called for a break again. 

"There's one more thing I want to try while I've got you all here." Kirsty told them. "Double penetrate me, it's the one thing I've never tried. I've got to do it tonight, who's up for it?l 

2 men came forward immediately, erections in hand, ready to go. One laid flat on the bed, allowing Kirsty to straddle him, sinking her wet pussy down onto his hard 7" cock. Kirsty leant forward putting her big round tits into his face for the man to lick. The man did this while holding her bum cheeks apart for the other man. Kirsty soon felt the tip of a cock entering her bum. 

The pleasure was immense. She had never felt so full, she was now even more stretched than when the black man had fucked her. The man began to fuck, the man on top pressing Kirsty down onto the other man. The angle now meant that the man's pubic bone was grinding against Clitoris. The orgasm that followed was unbelievable, Kirsty flopped down on the man beneath her, nearly passing out. 

Both men carried on fucking her hard. Kirsty was feeling so drained after her orgasm, she wanted to stop now, but barely had the energy left to speak, let alone stop them. The man fucking her arse grabbed a handful of her hair and rammed his cock into her as hard as he could, shouting obscenities as unloaded his spunk into her bum. 

The man below held her bum cheeks and continued to pound his cock into her pussy. Kirsty then felt another cock pressing at her slick arsehole, before sliding deep inside her. Thankfully for Kirsty, this man didn't last long before he also came in her arse, followed shortly after by the man in her pussy. 

"Stop lads." Kirsty asked them. "I really don't think I can take anymore." 

She could see about 6 of them still sporting sizeable erections, but there was no way she could take anymore fucking. 

"Why don't you lads wank over her." Pete suggested. "I'm sure she wouldn't mind that." 

Kirsty nodded her agreement and flopped down on the bed. The 6 men that were ready joined her, positioned all around her. One by one they came, raining semen down on her face, hair, tits, stomach and pussy. At least another 3 men managed to get hard and come again before they were done. She was covered. 

Kirsty went for a shower while the men got changed and left. Pete was seeing the last 2 of them out as she emerged wrapped in a towel. 

"So was your gangbang as good as you always hoped?" Pete asked her. 

"Better." She said. "I've never felt anything like that DP, I felt so full. I only wish it had been you I tried it with first." 

"Don't worry, I'll get my chance soon enough." Pete said. "Besides, I really enjoyed watching you having such a good time. And we've got the video to relive it again!" 

"Give me a couple of days before we watch it though won't you?" Kirsty asked him. "I think I may need a few days off before I let you near me again!" 

Kirsty was out of action for over a week in the end. She even had to take a few days off work to recover. She could tell after a few days that Pete was starting to get frustrated, he hadn't even joined in on the gangbang, choosing to film it all instead.  

"Do you mind if I visit the house again?" Pete asked her. "I really need sex and I know it'll hurt you. I just can't wait much longer." 

Kirsty thought about it for a moment. At least he'd been honest with her, rather than just going with someone. It also felt better him doing this rather than going to pick a girl up. At least there would be no emotional involvement. 

"Do it." She told him. "I can't expect you to wait." 

"You sure?" He said, giving her one last chance to change her mind. 

"Yeah, Beth is in today, go and visit her, you'll like her." Kirsty told him. 

Pete went to see Beth that night, he hadn't met her before and was immediately attracted to her size 16 figure, 42DD tits and long dark hair. She was bigger and different looking to most of the girls working in these kind of places. She had pale skin rather than the usual fake tan, and was very natural, nothing false about her at all. 

"What can I do for you darling?" She asked Pete. 

"Would anal be ok?" He asked. 

"Yeah, no problem." She replied. "Anything else you'd like?" 

"Would you pee on me?" He asked. 

"Yeah, I don't see why not." Beth replied. 

Pete paid Beth for the hour and chatted while he gave him a massage. Pete explained to her that Kirsty was his girlfriend and what they'd done at the weekend. Beth wasn't shocked, she knew Kirsty and her man got up to some wild things, she just hadn't met him until now. 

Beth had a slightly less wild lifestyle these days. She had been settled with her fiancé for 2 years now, he knew what she did for a living and didn't mind, but had no interest in doing the kind of things Kirsty & Pete did. Beth felt a slight moment of jealousy, she had always fancied the idea of a gangbang or orgy with John but she knew it would never happen. 

Beth spent the next 10 minutes giving Pete the standard service. He laid back while she sucked his cock before rolling on a condom and riding him. She was enjoying her own little fantasy of being surrounded by a dozen cocks as Kirsty had been and ended up coming, the first time in ages this had happened with a client. She had almost forgotten about Pete for a moment! 

"Sorry." She said blushing. "I got a bit carried away there!" 

"Don't apologize." He replied. "Glad you're enjoying it." 

"Do you mind if I suck you again so you come?" Beth asked him. "I get really sensitive down there when I come." 

"Course not." Pete said with a smile. 

Beth decided to give him a treat and took the condom off, taking his swollen length into her mouth. She sucked his entire length, taking him in deeper each mouthful until she could feel his pubes against her nose. Pete couldn't last long, he soon groaned in appreciation and released a huge load into Beth's mouth. She held onto his entire load before depositing it into a tissue next to the bed. 

"Now I know why you needed to visit me!" She said to him smiling. 

They spent the next few minutes chatting. Beth had been drinking large glasses of water since Pete had come in, getting ready for his next request. 

"Right, I need the bathroom." She announced. "Care to join me?" 

Pete followed her across the landing to the bathroom. 

"Do you want to sit in the shower and I'll stand over you?" Beth asked him. 

Pete nodded and did as she directed. He got a great view of Beth's neatly trimmed snatch as she got into position. Pete had always been attracted to bigger girls, Beth looked fantastic to him, she wasn't at all self conscious about her curvy body as some girls could be. 

"Right, where do you want it." She asked him. 

"Anywhere." He replied. "I love it all over me. 

Beth started to let go and a small stream of clear urine started to trickle over his stomach and cock. It felt delightfully warm. It soon became a stream, she was really letting go now. Beth aimed her stream higher up his chest, then aimed a small bit at his face, testing the water. Pete didn't flinch, making it clear it was fine. Beth finished off peeing all over his face until she was done. 

"God that was nice!" Pete told her. 

Beth smiled, she wasn't really into watersports but loved seeing that she had satisfied her man. 

After a quick shower they moved back to the bedroom. They had 20 minutes left, Pete was as hard as a rock again and was ready to take Beth's arse. She applied some lubricant to herself and a new condom onto Pete's cock, lubing him up also. 

Beth got onto all fours, presenting her plump, rounded arse to him. Pete got in behind and tasted her arse first. He worked his tongue around her rim, tasting the strawberry flavored lubricant and Beth's natural taste. 

Pete then replaced his tongue with his cock, and gradually edged it inch by inch into Beth's arse. Her initial sharp intake of breath soon gave way to a small whimper of pleasure as her arse opened for him. Pete started to fuck her, slowly at first until she let him know she wanted it harder. He happily obliged, plunging his rock hard length into her until he filled the condom with another load of his seed. 

Pete was totally spent now. This was exactly what he needed. He kissed Beth on the cheek and made his way home to his girlfriend. Things were coming along nicely.