 It was a cold December night. The chill in the air was very exhilarating. As I walked down the street, jacket open to the world, I could feel the wind against my breasts. I could feel my nipples getting harder and harder as I got further down the street. I was so turned on by the chill in the air. I stood at the bus stop, waiting on the last bus home. I look up and down the street, and there is nobody to be seen. So I walk into the bus shelter and sit myself down on the bar.

I still have 5 minutes before the bus is due to arrived, and after that walk down the street I am feeling decidedly horny. I run my fingers up my body to my breasts. I begin to fondle my nipples through my T-shirt. My breathing gets heavier as I continue to rub and tease my nipples. I continue to rub, tweak, nip, while thinking to myself, GOD, I wish I had someone to suck them. 

2 minutes to go till the bus is due. Do I have time? will it come early? I think to myself. I don’t care as I run my fingers back down my body. At least I remembered to wear a skirt tonight, cause it would have been one hell of a job if I had had trousers on. My left hand pulls up my skirt as I lift my right leg up to put my foot on the bar.

I slide one finger in behind my panties and slowly caress the damp flesh behind them. The walk down the street had been more exiting than I had first thought. I slowly rub my finger up and down, round and round. Felling myself getting wetter and wetter. I fling my head back and sigh, as I slip another finger into my pants. Just as I am about to slide my two fingers into my juicy cunt, the bus drives up. So, I quickly rearrange myself and stand up. The bus stops and I step out to get on.

I get on the bus and pay the driver for my ticket. He’s quite nice looking if I do say so myself. I turn round to walk up the bus. I am the only passenger. I walk to the back of the bus and sit down in the middle of the seat. It’s an hour-long journey till I get home, so I want to be able to stretch my legs. After the incident at the bus stop I was still felling very horny. The bus had come before I had got the chance to do anything. I look down at the driver and see his face in the mirror above his head. Thoughts rush to my head about fucking the bus driver as I think about my wet pussy waiting to be rubbed and prodded. 

As all these thoughts rush to my head, the bus pulls to a halt. This is the last stop before the hour-long journey that would take me home. I am so horny at this point that I don’t think I can wait till I get home. I know that when I get home I can get a good fuck, but I just can’t wait any longer. One guy got on at the bus, paid the driver, and slowly began to walk up the bus. I look at him and I think about fucking him too, as I feel myself getting more and more wet down below. He chooses to sit halfway between the driver and me, sits down and pulls a book out of his pocket. 

I can’t take it any longer and I lift my leg up so that it is resting on the seat in front. I look down to the mirror and I can see that the bus driver is too busy watching the road. I slowly slip my two fingers inside my pants and frantically reach for my clit. Then I think to myself, these pants are just hindering me. So I stand up and quickly slip out of my pants then get back into the same position I was in. I slip my two fingers towards my clit, up, down, round and round, slowly fingering myself. I can feel myself drift away, oblivious to my surroundings. I continue to play with myself, quietly moaning. 

As I rub, poke, nip, and play with my pussy, my moans get louder. I lift my other foot up so my foot is resting on the back of the other seat in front. My pussy is wet and glistening and open to the world. I continue to probe away and then bus swerves. I let out almost a scream, as I look down to see the bus driver is watching me. The strange guy is watching me too. I don’t know what to do. There am I, sitting there, legs up on the seats and my fingers in my hole. The guy stands up and slowly begins to walk up the bus towards me. I am frozen in that position. I can’t move. 

He comes up and stands in front of me and says “ Can I help you with anything? ”. I am thinking about my boyfriend at home, then thinking about my hot wet pussy that needs satisfaction. I pause for a moment and look in his eyes. I can see that he is looking straight into mine. I just nod my head and he kneels down in front of me and slowly slips my fingers out of my cunt. My skirt is short and has ridden up to sit just above my pussy. He slowly bends forward and gently begins to lick away at my clit. The bus is still moving, but it is all over the road. I look down to the mirror and watch the bus driver watching me as the guy sticks his oversized finger in my hole. 

I can feel wetness trickling down my legs as he continues to probe away with his finger, while still licking and sucking my clit. The guys other hand gradually moves up my body, he slips his hand up under my T-shirt and starts to play with my left nipple. That’s the one that is pierced, I think he must have realised this and he coughs. I open my eyes and look at him. He looks at me, smiles, while continuing to probe away at my hole with his finger.

“You want more don’t you? ” he asks and I just nod my head. I haven’t spoken a word to this guy and he is about to get his cock out and fuck my brains out. He gets up on his knees. The seats are pretty low and he is tall enough to rub his hardness against me. He slips his finger out of my hole and I moan. He pulls his zip down and pulls out a rock hard lump of swollen flesh. I have never seen anything so delicious looking in all my life. I can see the bus driver still watching us through his mirror and the bus is still all over the road. But luckily he was on the motorway by now and it was a straight road. The guy slowly pushes his dick into my crevice, and starts to push and pull his penis in and out of me.

My moans are getting louder and louder as time goes by. The guy fucks me harder and faster as I can feel myself coming to orgasm. Then. The bus pulls to a stop. I look down the bus, the guy still fucking away. The bus driver then stands up and walks up the bus. Strange thoughts came into my head about fucking the bus driver as well, as he reaches the back of the bus. The guy is fucking fast and really hard at this point; totally oblivious to the fact that the bus had stopped and the bus driver was standing behind him.

The guy is just about to shoot his load when the bus driver coughs. The shock of the driver cough made the guy shoot his cum into me harder than I expected. The guy turned round and looked at the driver with a look of sheer amazement on his face. The guy says to the driver “ Want to join in?” as he then looks at me and says “ if that’s ok with you?” I am to far gone to say anything so I simply nod my head again. The guy pulls his dick out of me and stands up. He takes one of my legs off of the seat and slips in beside me, putting my foot back where it was. My cunt is wide open and there is cum dripping out of it. The guy sits me up and strips me of my jacket and T-shirt.

So there I was, on the bus, halfway home and half naked after just being screwed by a strange guy. A bus driver standing in front of me with a boner the size of long island protruding out of his pant. I look at him, and smile, a having just had an orgasm and wanting more one.

The driver then kneels down in front of me and pulls his zip down. The guy bends over and starts to suck on my left tit. Remember that’s the one I have pierced. The driver then slowly slides his dick inside my wet pussy, and starts to play with my other nipple. The driver fucks me slowly, his dick getting bigger and harder as he pushes deeper and deeper into me. The guy still sucking and teasing my pierced nipple, pulling it out as far as it will go. I feel a pain shooting up into my brain as he pulls my nipple out. The pleasure, the pain, its all just too much and I groan out loud. The driver hears me groan and starts to fuck me faster. The guy is still sucking my nipple while his hand moves towards my clit.

So, ahem, what can I say? There I was being fucked by the bus driver. Then, I hear a car pull up, a minute later there is slamming of car doors. The driver and the guy are totally unaware of this and continue to fuck and suck. Then I see the top of two heads going down the side of the bus. I say, “There’s people out there”. The bus driver slowly pulls his cock out of me and stands up. He looks out of the back window and says “ Shit!” Puts his cock away and walks down the bus.

I push the guy away from my tit and turn around to look out the window. And to my fucking horror there is a police car parked behind the bus. I grab for my T-shirt and pull it over me. I don’t put it on, like I should have done, I just sit there with My T-shirt covering most of my breasts. The bus driver is now at the front of the bus. The guy is sitting next to me quickly fumbling with his dick, trying to get it back in his trousers. I can see the driver lean over and press the button to open the door.

Two policemen step onto the bus, one after the other. I hear an exchange of words as the policemen look up towards me. As I see this, I can feel my legs going to jelly. One of the policemen pushed past the driver and started to walk slowly up the bus. “ Excuse me mam… is everything ok?” he says as he reaches me. I just nod my head with a smile on my face. The policeman laughs and asks me to put my T-shirt back on and come with him. By this point I am practically shitting myself. The policeman looks at the guy next to me and says “ Stay where you are”. I self-consciously put my T-shirt back on and stand up. The policeman puts his hand round to the back of his trousers and pulls out his handcuffs. “Is there any need for them?” I ask. “ Just a precautionary measure mam” was his reply with a smile on his face. 

The first policeman walks me down the bus and pushes past the driver and the other policeman. He takes me off the bus as I hear the other policeman telling the driver and the guy to stay were they were. The other policeman walked off the bus behind us. The first policeman then dragged me round to the back of the bus and pushed me forward so I fell onto the hood of the police car. “ Stay there “ he said. The two policemen walk away from me and I can hear them mumbling between each other. I cant quite make out what they are saying but I hear the word FUCK in there somewhere, an then something about a caution and I practically shit myself again.

The first policeman walks up behind me, “ I am going to have to search you now” he says. Then he begins to run his hands up and down either side of my body. As his hand move slowly up and down the move further round my body. Moving slowly round to the front and just grazing my nipples. Then I remember that its only female officers that are supposed to do searches on women and a smile comes to my face. This can only get better…is what rushes through my head. The first policeman’s hands roam all over my body. Up and down my bare legs, as his hands move up and down the gradually push my skirt up higher and higher. Until my ass was open to the chill in the air. He then pushed my bum down so that my pelvis was pushed into the metal of the hood of the car. I hear the voice of the other policeman say “I think its time for the internal…we have to check for drugs”. Seconds later I can feel the first policeman’s finger slowly slide easily inside my wet pussy. I feel rushes go to my head as he probes very slowly, gradually getting faster. Then in goes another finger. “ This has to be a thorough examination,” he says and he flips me round so I am lying back on the hood of the car. He takes the handcuffs off me and expertly strips me naked, then quickly puts the handcuffs back onto me. 

I am lying back on the hood of the car and I look up to the back window of the bus. The driver and the guy are kneeling on the back seat looking out of the window. The first policeman looks at me lying there naked and turns to beckon the other policeman over. “ Come and check this out for me…I am not quite sure,” he says to him. The other policeman walks over and lifts my legs up so I am lying totally on the hood of the car. He stands between my legs and takes a good look. My pussy is glistening with cum and he bends over to take a better look. He turns to the first policeman and says “Have you got your torch handy… shine it in this direction”. Next thing there is a light shining into my cunt. The other policeman then slips his two fingers inside my hole. In and out, harder and faster, slow and deliberate, then faster and harder. I hear myself moan out really loud. I am just about to reach a climax when he stops, and says, “I am afraid you are going to have to come with us”. But instead of taking me to the back door of the car, He dragged me naked up the embankment. Still handcuffed at this point I can feel them cutting into my wrists as he drags me up the hill. There is a tree at the top of the embankment and he drags me over and pushes me face in, to the tree. My hands are together in front of me. He pushes my body in towards the tree and my nipples rub against the bark as my hands dig into my pelvis. He moves closer and closer to me, till I can feel his hard penis at the base of my back. I am so turned on at this point, what with the bark…and the handcuffs…the other policeman’s dick and everything else about that night flying through my head that I say nothing when he pulls the top half of me back and lifts my hand up above my head. He then pushes me back in against the tree and spreads my legs. My nipples rub roughly against the bark and I am getting hornier and hornier. I moan out loud as he slips his fingers back into my hole. He starts finger fucking me like there is no tomorrow. Again just as I am about to come all over his hands he stops. Grabs me by the waist, turns me round and pushes me down to the ground. I glance down towards the bus and the driver and the guy have moved to the side of the bus and are still watching.

I am on all fours, as the first policeman walks up and kneels down in front of me, while the other policeman gets down on his knees behind me. The wind is picking up and chills run throughout my body. But I am too enthralled with what was going on to think about the cold winds and the shivers. To be honest I don’t know what was turning me on more, the driver, the guy, the first policeman, the other policeman, what was about to happen, everything. 

The first policeman was kneeling right in front of me and all I could see was his crotch. The other policeman then spread my legs roughly. And rammed his fingers in my hole. “Hold on” said the first policeman. The other policeman stops. The first policeman pops open the button on his trousers and pulls down the zip. Well I just knew what was coming next. The first policeman pulls down his trousers and boxers to reveal what looked like a 9-inch boner. He moves forward and rubs it up and down my face. I just stay there, mouth closed, legs open, and I feel something hard rubbing at my clit. It’s a strange feeling; I am baffled as to what it was. I turn my head round to look and the other policeman shows me his truncheon. I just smile and turn my head back round to the beautiful dick I had in front of me. “Open up” says the first policeman. “Open up” says the other policeman. And almost at the exact same moment the dick and the truncheon entered me. And there I was sucking and being fucked by a truncheon. Handcuffs still biting into my wrists. I was totally engrossed in what was happening. This went on for what seemed forever and a day, orgasm after orgasm, suck, fuck, suck, fuck, then the other policeman stopped with the truncheon and rammed his dick into my fanny.

So I was being fucked both ends…and loving every minute of it. They continued to push and pull, in and out, in and out, till my legs where shuddering and I almost collapsed. The first policeman rammed his cock firmly into the back of my throat as he shot his hot juicy cum into the back of my throat, while the other policeman continued to fuck me from behind. There was nothing I could do but swallow, because he wouldn’t take his dick out of my mouth. The other policeman continued to ram his red-hot ramrod into me, as I knelt there on all fours swallowing the first policeman’s cum. The first policeman pulls his dick out of my mouth and pulls up his boxers and then his trousers. “ Are you finished with your examination?” He says to the other policeman. “No” was the reply as the other policeman continued to fuck me from behind. The first policeman stands up and begins to walk back down the embankment, “I got to go radio in…I will leave you too it” he says as he leaves. 

The other policeman slides his hands round my cold and naked body, and starts to play with my clit. The front end of me collapses onto the grass. The other policeman continues to fuck me from behind. Ramming it harder and faster, rubbing my clit rougher and rougher. The faster he fucked and rubbed the deeper my moans became. I glance down towards the bus and see that the driver and the guy are still watching. Then the other policeman’s legs stiffen up as he shoots his load right into me. I collapse onto the ground, panting. The other policeman then reaches over and takes the handcuffs off me. “ I think that will be all” he says. I lay there for a few minutes, until the first policeman comes back up the embankment. He hand me my clothes and I quickly get into them, because I am beginning to notice the cold again. The two policeman walk down the embankment, get into the car, and drive away. I am still standing there in the cold.

I slowly begin to walk down the small slope towards the bus. By the time I get round to the door of the bus, the driver and the guy are at the front of the bus. The driver opens the door and lets me on. “ I think it’s about time I got you home lass,” said the driver. I just nodded with a smile on my face. Walked past the guy, and up to the back seat to where the rest of my stuff was. I put my coat on and sat down. The guy came up and sat beside me. The bus driver started up the engine and pulled off.

There was still 45 minutes left of the journey, but I was really exhausted. So I asked the guy if I could put my head in his lap. He agreed and I lay down on the back seat and put my head in his lap, and quickly fell asleep. The next thing I knew we were pulling into the city centre bus depot and the guy was gently shaking me awake.

“ That’s us,” he said, and I sat up quickly. I looked in his eyes and smiled. We got off the bus with not another word passing any of our lips. I walked over to the taxi rank and jumped into the first taxi. Told the driver where I was going and leaned back in the back seat of the cab. Thinking about what had happened I was totally amazed that I handled so many orgasms in such a short space of time. I was only going to be an hour and a half late home.

I get home and walk up to the door. Put my key in the lock and slowly open the door. I don’t hear a sound from inside the house. I sneak in as quiet as a mouse and shut the door softly behind me. I drop my jacket on the floor at the door. I pull my T-shirt off as I walk up the stairs. My skirt comes off as I walk into the bathroom. I look in the mirror, smiling at myself. And say in a quiet voice, “ FUCK what a bus ride!” 

I turn and walk out of the bathroom and back into the hall, kicking my shoes off as I go. I walk into the bedroom and you are sprawled in the middle of the bed, out for the count. So I slip into the bed beside you, cuddle into you an fall asleep. 

The next morning you wake up before me. I sleep on for another hour or so till you decide to wake me up. I sit up in bed and smile at you. You ask me how was my night and I just smile. “ I will tell you one day,” I say. I sit there thinking about the night before. Four guys and I did not kiss one of them. “ Come here you” I say, and pull you towards me and kiss you deeply. 
