 It started while waiting for the school bus.

I am the father of the most beautiful daughter in the world. At least, that's how I see it. Her mother and I divorced a couple of years ago but we stayed on good terms and we share custody of our daughter. Since my ex and I live within a couple of miles of each other, our daughter spends time with both of us every day. My ex works during the day, getting up very early so our daughter spends the night at my house. I put her on the school bus in the mornings. After school, her mother picks her up from the bus stop and keeps her until I get off work. It's a good arrangement for us.

I had just moved to this neighborhood about 2 weeks ago and hadn't had time to meet any of the other parents in the area. When I would wait at the bus stop with my daughter in the mornings, I would sit in my car while my daughter played with her school friends until the bus came. There were always 2 or 3 other moms who also waited with their kids each day. They would gather together and chat with each other while waiting. I never joined them because I felt awkward joining in with women that I didn't know.

One day about 2 weeks after we started our morning routine, I saw a car pull up and park across the street from the bus stop. The reaction from the moms was what alerted me to something being unusual. I heard one of them (the tall blonde) say "Oh shit. He's back." I looked around at the car and saw the unmistakable image of a camera lens poking out of the drivers window. That pervert was taking pictures of the kids. The moms gathered the kids closer to themselves. I decided that I wasn't going to let this behavior go unchallenged and got out of my car. I approached the guy with the camera. He was so intent on taking pictures of the kids, that he never saw me coming. When I got closer to his car, I could see that his dick was out of his pants as well. 

I got right up to his window and grabbed his camera and pulled. Since the strap was around his neck, this had the effect of pulling him partway out of the car window. He was surprised, to say the least. He was even more surprised when I hit him right in the teeth with a solid left. He grabbed at his car's gear shifter, pulled it into drive and stomped on the gas. The camera strap broke and I was left holding the camera as he sped off.

When the cops came to take a report, they looked through the memory card on the camera and saw hundreds of pictures of kids from multiple bus stops around the neighborhood. They took the camera as evidence, took statements from all of us, and assured us that the creep would not be bothering us anymore. (One of the kids whose pictures were on the camera was the son of one of the cops) By then, the kids were already on the bus and gone. I waved at the moms and went home.

The next day, when we arrived at the bus stop, the tall blonde mom came over to my car and introduced herself. Her name was Joanie. I told her my name and she insisted on having me join the other 2 moms while we waited for the bus. I agreed and she linked her arm in mine as we walked over to the other two. She introduced me to the others as "our hero, Ken". 

Let me take a moment to describe the others. Joanie was tall and blonde. Her hair was in a standard "mom" haircut and while she wasn't heavy, she had round hips and a nice set of breastworks. She had an easy smile and a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. The dark-haired one was introduced as Allison. She was several inches shorter than Joanie, slim and fit, with very little in the boob department. The last one was Millie. She was the shortest one and was plump. Light brown hair and the largest boobs of the three. She was also the quietest of them all, saying very little other than hello. As for me, I'm not spectacular. I'm average looking, with an average "dad bod". I'm not fat, but I'm past my "fighting weight" that I was in the Army 10 years ago. I'm also about average in the cock department, coming in at about 6.5 inches.

As we chatted, the story came out that the creep had been coming around every few weeks and taking pictures of the kids at the bus stop. The women were always nervous about approaching her for fear that he might have a weapon or something. We all decided that he probably wouldn't bother us any longer, which the women were extremely grateful for. Then Joanie suggested that I join them after the kids were picked up. She said that the three of them usually went back to one of their houses for coffee after the kids were gone. I tried to excuse myself from joining in. After all, I really didn't want to listen to a lot of "mom" talk. But all three insisted so I figured having that a cup of coffee would be the polite thing to do.

Once we waved goodbye to the kids, we walked over to Allison's house, since it was her turn to host the group. Millie and I got settled in the living room while Allison and Joanie went into the kitchen to make the coffee. There was an uncomfortable silence as Millie wasn't very chatty and I felt out of my element as well. Soon enough though, The other two ladies returned with the cups and sat down. Joanie sat on one side of me and Allison on the other.

They started thanking me for my actions the previous day. I said that I was just protecting the kids and that anyone would have done the same. They were still very thankful that I took care of the creep. We chatted for a little while, and I was trying to think of a way I could gracefully make my exit when Joanie put her cup down and told me to wait here a moment. she got up and walked out of the room and down the hall. I assumed that she was heading for the bathroom. Allison then told me that the three of them had discussed it and they agreed that they should show me their appreciation for what I did. I kept insisting that no thanks were needed, but Allison just told me "Never argue with a woman".

A moment later I heard Joanie return to the room and as I looked over at her, my jaw hit the floor. She was standing there completely naked! My tongue stopped working and my cock lurched in my pants. Joanie just smiled at me and said that the three of them were going to make sure that I knew just how thankful they were. As she walked over to me, I could feel Allison stand and start to take off her clothes as well. Joanie came right over, sat down next to me, grabbed my hand and placed it on her tit. Since my hand was smarter than me, it immediately started squeezing and caressing her chest. Her tits were about a 36D and were nice and firm. Joanie leaned over and kissed me. My tongue started working again and we began to kiss in earnest. I felt Allison sit back down on my other side and she reached over and started rubbing the growing bulge in my pants. I glanced over at Millie and saw she was still fully dressed, but she had her hands down the front of her sweats. From the movements, it appeared that she was rubbing her pussy for all it was worth.

I felt hands caressing my cock through my jeans and very shortly, one of them lowered my zipper and freed my now raging cock. Hands started to stroke and caress me and I had to fight to keep from coming right there. Joanie disengaged from our kiss and lowered her head into my lap and engulfed my cock in her mouth. I gasped and Allison moved up and placed her tit in my open mouth. I began to suck and lick her nipple which caused her to groan deep in her throat. Joanie was obviously an expert at cocksucking because she had me ready to shoot in a matter of a couple minutes. I warned her that I was ready and she increased her speed and suction. She was going at me like she needed my cum to survive. I almost screamed as I blasted what felt like a quart of cum into her velvety mouth. I felt rather than saw her swallowing rapidly but some of my cum leaked from the corner of her mouth and ran down my shaft. Allison dived for my cock and began to lick up the spillage as Joanie moved up and lapped at the tip of my cock. I looked at Millie and she was just starting to take her clothes off.

Allison and Joanie stood me up and began to remove my clothes as well. I realized that my "reward" was far from over. Once we were all naked, Allison plopped back on the couch, leaned back, and spread her legs wide. Joanie pushed my head toward Allison's smoothly shaved pussy and I got on my knees and began to lick, suck, nibble, lap and generally devour her wet pussy folds. Millie slid underneath me and began to lick and stroke my wilting cock, bringing it quickly back to life. Suddenly, I felt Joanie's tongue on my balls and ass, something I hadn't experienced before. This caused my cock to harden rapidly.

Allison was cumming over and over and I just had to feel her warm wet pussy on my cock. I straightened up and moved forward. Millie grabbed the base of my cock and looked me in the eyes.

"Save some of this for me too," she ordered. She then lined the head of my cock up with Allison's pussy and I slid right in. She was warm and tight, and very wet. She started to pant and moan as I started a rhythm that wasn't too fast but not slow either. Millie moved up and latched onto one breast while Joanie took the other. Allison reached down with each hand and started to finger their pussies. Her breathing began to get faster and I could tell when she began to cum by the way her pussy tightened around my cock. She bucked a few times and I felt her pussy gush around my member. Then she went limp.

I figured it was time for the next one so I slid out of her warmth and glanced down. My cock was completely coated with her creamy juices. Millie got down on her hands and knees on the carpet and began to beg me to fuck her next. Well, being the gentleman that I am, I couldn't refuse so I moved behind her and slid into her pussy. Millie started cumming almost immediately, rapid fire. Her cries of pleasure were sexy as hell as she chanted "Fuck, fuck, fuck," over and over. I could see her nipples grazing the carpet with each of my thrusts. I looked over at Allison and saw that she was busy eating Joanie's pussy like a starving woman. Joanie was rocking her head from side to side as she held Allison's head tightly between her thighs. It looked to me like this wasn't the first time they had tried this particular act as Allison was bringing sounds of great pleasure from Joanie.

I felt Millie reach back and cup my balls in her hand and I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold back any longer. With a groan I started to pound her pussy until I couldn't hold it any longer. With one final thrust, I held myself as deep inside her as I could and blasted out my second load of the morning. My cock pulsed three, four, and then five times very strongly, followed by another half dozen "after shocks" before I was spent.

I reluctantly pulled myself from Millie's now dripping pussy and lay back against the couch. Millie moved up and snuggled next to me. Within a minute or two, Allison and Joanie did the same. All four of us were a sweaty, satisfied mess and the women began to giggle. Then Joanie piped up and said, "So, does Thursday at my house work for everybody?"

I knew then that I was going to enjoy living in this neighborhood.