 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them already, The Business Trip – Chapters 1 & 2 are prequels to this story.



My mind was reeling for the rest of the day after I returned from spending my lunch break with Krista. As if discovering that she and her cute roommate had suddenly started exploring their bisexuality together the night before, then fucking Krista in the park after she'd told me wasn't enough, I'd been invited to spend the weekend with the two of them, ostensibly to take her roommate's anal cherry. Krista and I had just hooked up ourselves for the first time two days earlier in a hotel while on a business trip together and I'd barely had time to get my mind around that after having admired her for several years. I would have been more than content to spend the weekend fucking Krista and I would have been thrilled to spend the weekend fucking Krista's ass, so how was I supposed to feel about the prospect of fucking both Krista's and Katy's asses? Ecstatic didn't even seem to do it justice.

I managed to make it through the day and met Krista outside her building after work, then we both walked to my car. She took the bus to work, so it made sense to just drive her home right after work; I didn't figure I'd need a change of clothes because it sounded as though we'd be naked for the majority of the weekend. She was visibly excited at the prospects of what that night and the next couple of days would hold, which made me happy because she was apparently more than okay with sharing me with her roommate. Since we'd just fucked in the park at lunchtime and we'd be doing more as soon as we'd reached her apartment, I didn't suggest a quickie in the parking lot before we left and we were soon on the road. Given that it was Friday evening and everyone was anxious to get out of town, it didn't take long before we were sitting in traffic. The traffic was moving, albeit slowly, but it was going to be a while before we made it to Krista's place. Fortunately for me, she had an idea of how to kill some time.

"Are you hard?" she asked.

"Not currently," I replied, "Should I be?"

"For what I have in mind, it would be helpful," she said "but I think I know what to do."

She couldn't whip her clothes off with so many cars around us as she'd been able to do when we'd been heading back from Alamosa, so she pulled her skirt up around her waist and started to rub the front of her panties. That did the trick; I was quickly starting to pitch a tent in my Dockers, but she didn't stop there. She went ahead and slipped her panties off, showing me her slightly stubbly pussy which really distracted me from the traffic. When I almost rear-ended the car in front of us, though, we figured I'd better focus on the road. Since she had obviously already had the desired effect, she unfastened her seatbelt and leaned over to open my pants, fishing out my cock, which was stiff and throbbing despite our near accident. Kneeling on her seat with her ass, covered with her skirt, aimed at the window, she lowered her head into my lap and took my cock in her hot mouth. I moaned but remained focused on the brakelights ahead, even as I reached down to cup her breast.

While I navigated us slowly toward her home, Krista slid her mouth up and down my cock, supporting herself with one hand and using the other to pump the base. Having spent the afternoon thinking about fucking both her and Katy, I was pretty worked up already and had no problem with blowing a quick and easy load to take the edge off. I hadn't seen Katy naked but, thanks to Krista's vivid description, I had no problem visualizing it. I recalled how Krista had looked naked as I felt her hot mouth engulfing my throbbing tool and felt an orgasm quickly beginning to build. It occurred to me as I fondled Krista's tit that I had not fucked her tits the entire time we'd been in the hotel in Alamosa and thought that, after fucking Katy's ass, that would have to be my next highest priority for the weekend.

Traffic was starting to break up the closer we got to Krista's exit and the closer I got to cumming. My cock started to swell even more as she brought me right up to the verge with the maximum amount of pleasure she could provide. I gripped the steering wheel with both hands as I reached the point of no return and started to spurt down her throat. She swallowed my load and only let my spent cock fall from her mouth once it started to soften. After she'd sat up again, I asked if I could take care of her with my fingers but she said that we were too close to her place and that there would be plenty of time once we were there. She didn't pull her panties back on, though, just stuck them in her bag as she reminded me where to turn to get to her apartment complex. Once I'd parked, I followed Krista up the stairs to her apartment and, inside, we found Katy waiting for us.

"Are you ready?" Krista asked her and she nodded sheepishly, blushing a little bit. Krista pulled me over next to her and, after kissing Katy, indicated that I should do the same. I leaned down and pressed my lips against Katy's, our tongues snaking into each other's mouths, then I turned and did the same to Krista. My cock was already starting to revive as Krista worked Katy's sweater vest up over her head and I started to unbutton the blouse she wore beneath it. Krista unbuttoned the cuffs of the blouse so that we could slip Katy right out of it, revealing a sexy bra beneath. Krista reached back to unfasten Katy's bra, but I stopped her and suggested we get her out of her slacks first, so Krista unfastened them and let them drop to Katy's ankles. As Krista stooped down to help Katy step out of them, I was admiring Katy's tight, petite body. She was fair skinned and freckled, her boobs were much smaller than Krista's but looked large on her small frame and her ass looked astounding, split down the middle by her thong panties.

Before removing anything else, Krista and I each caressed one of Katy's tits through her bra then had her turn so we could caress her ass. I unfastened her bra, then had her turn to face us again as the cups slid down to reveal her light pink areolas and hard nipples. As her bra slipped down her arms to the floor, Krista and I each started to lick and suck a nipple while Katy moaned softly. I lightly caressed the front of Katy's thong panties and, feeling how damp the material there was, I dropped to my knees to start sliding them off. Krista knelt behind her and, as I slid the elastic off her hips, Krista made sure the strip in back pulled down, out from between her ass cheeks. Her reddish-blonde bush was nicely groomed and, as Krista was helping her step out of her panties, I ran my fingers through it, feeling that her slit was dripping with juices.

We had Katy sit on the couch and both knelt before her. Krista generously allowed me to lick Katy's pussy first, so I ran my tongue up her slit and tasted the pungent juices that she was prodigiously secreting. As I was licking Katy's pussy, Krista went back to licking and sucking her nipples, so she was moaning enthusiastically with both of us stimulating her. Before turning her pussy over to Krista, I slipped a finger into her, finding her snug and slippery, and lapped at her clit with my tongue. Katy was moaning pretty much continuously by this point and, in addition to the stimulation we were providing, she may have already gotten herself pretty worked up thinking about the night ahead just as Krista and I both had. I raised my head and invited Krista to take over for me, slipping my finger free as I positioned myself to lick and suck Katy's nipples while caressing her firm, young tits.

When Katy started getting really noisy and was rocking her hips even harder toward Krista's face, I took a look and saw the raw passion on Katy's face and the enthusiasm with which Krista was eating her pussy. Even though she was nearly on the brink, Krista stopped and encouraged me to take over so that Katy could cum in my face as she'd done for Krista both the night prior and earlier that day. I went back to fingering her pussy, which was even wetter and more engorged than it had been, and licking and sucking her clit, while Krista kissed her hard before taking my place working on her tits. Katy had a hand on each of our heads as she writhed wildly, clearly on the verge of a momentous orgasm. Finally, she let out a wail of pleasure and her whole body shook as she came. Neither Krista nor I let up in what we were doing until Katy started to come back down again.

Krista and I smiled at each other, then she kissed me, tasting Katy's juices on my tongue. She suggested that we get undressed while Katy recovered, so we stood in front of her as her eyes fixated on us. I started by raising Krista's top over her head, revealing the bra was restraining her luscious tits, then she did the same with my polo. She dropped to her knees to untie my shoes, then helped me out of them and my socks. Standing again, she immediately went to work on my belt as I reached behind her to unfasten her bra. She backed up slightly before finishing opening my pants so that I could slide her bra down her arms, revealing her succulent tits. I caressed her two beauties while she went back to getting my pants opened and, as they hit my ankles, she was rubbing the prominent bulge in my briefs. She dropped to her knees, taking her tits out of my reach, and slid my briefs down so that my cock sprung out in her face. After helping me step out of my pants and briefs, she raised my cock up and licked my balls before standing again.

Krista quickly shed her long skirt and was soon as naked as the rest of us, her panties still in her bag near the front door. I kissed her passionately while rubbing my stiff cock against her stubbly pussy and caressing her ass. I was obviously ready to go, so Krista went to retrieve the bottle of baby oil we'd used the previous night as I had Katy get on all-fours on the couch. Krista poured some oil into her hand and slathered it first on my cock, then over Katy's anus, slipping her finger inside to make sure that the opening was good and lubed. With Katy's assurance that she was ready, I pressed my cockhead against her asshole and started to slide in. Krista was kneeling on the floor near Katy's head to make sure she was okay as I started to slowly fuck her ass. Once she was certain that Katy was enjoying herself and had gotten past the initial discomfort, she started to fondle Katy's swinging tits.

I was glad I had already blown the quick, easy load down Krista's throat in the car because fucking Katy's ass felt so good that, otherwise, I'd probably have been done in a few seconds. She was tight and hot and it didn't take long before she was pushing back against my incoming thrusts, so I gradually picked up the pace. Krista managed to get her head between Katy torso and the couch and started licking her nipples, but was soon licking and fingering her pussy. Katy was moaning again as Krista and I both pleasured her and was clearly on her way to another intensely pleasurable orgasm. I figured Krista must be absolutely on fire since she was the only one of us who hadn't cum yet. I could admire her body as she licked Katy's pussy when I wasn't focused on Katy's ass and was thinking that I'd be slipping into her ass next.

It wasn't a surprise when Katy's body started to shake as she came just a few moments later. I kept fucking her until Krista pulled her head out from underneath Katy and asked her what she'd thought.

"It was even better than I expected," Katy replied, "Are you going to go now?"

"If you don't mind," Krista responded. Katy didn't, so I slipped my cock out of her and stayed where I was while they repositioned. Krista took Katy's place on the couch on all-fours while Katy grabbed the baby oil and lubed up Krista's asshole. While I was sliding my cock into Krista's ass, Katy sat on the arm of the sofa in front of Krista with her legs spread wide. I took a good look at Katy's reddish-blonde bush before Krista's head was hiding it, then took the opportunity to admire Katy's firm, freckled tits. Krista's ass felt equally hot and tight like Katy's but I knew that Krista was so fired up that she'd be cumming a lot quicker, so I probably wouldn't end up fucking it as long. Katy was moaning again as she ran her fingers through Krista's thick, dark hair while Krista devoured her pussy.

I noticed that Krista was just eating Katy's pussy, not fingering her, as she used one arm to support herself and the other was under her, reaching back so that she could stimulate her own pussy, too. I was holding her by the hips, not yet fucking her hard and fast until I was sure that she was ready for it, but gradually picking up my pace. When Krista started moaning louder and pushing back against me, neglecting Katy's pussy as she got closer to cumming, I fucked her a bit harder since she seemed to be enjoying it. Katy seemed okay with no longer having Krista's tongue on her pussy, since she'd already cum twice and was anxious for Krista to enjoy some of the same pleasure that she had. She ended up moving down off the arm of the sofa and knelt beside it so she could fondle Krista's swinging tits while Krista worked on her pussy and I fucked her ass.

Krista let out a long, low moan just before her entire body started to shake. I continued to fuck her as she came, stopping only once she'd finished cumming and pulled away from me so that my cock popped free of her ass.

"Are you ready to get fucked again?" she asked Katy.

"I'd rather suck that piece of meat," she replied, "and swallow a hot load."

"Let's get him cleaned off a bit first," Krista suggested, so they got up and led me to the bathroom.

Together they cleaned all of the baby oil from my cock and balls, keeping it hard and throbbing with all of their soaping up, rinsing and toweling off. As soon as they felt it was clean enough, Katy, kneeling before me as I leaned against the bathroom sink, held the base as she wrapped her lips around my cock and slid them down my shaft. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed my tool and ran my fingers through her strawberry blonde hair as she started to bob her head up and down. Krista sat on the nearby toilet for a moment, just watching with a smile on her face, until I beckoned her over. We started making out as Katy sucked my cock while I brought my hand up from Katy's hair to Krista's tits. I'd just fucked two tight, slippery asses, so it didn't take much of Katy's skillful cocksucking before I felt my orgasm quickly building.

As I got closer, Krista and I stopped making out so we could watch as Katy's lips slid up and down my cock while she pumped the base and caressed my balls. I resisted the urge to push my hips toward her face, allowing her to set the pace and relishing the continuing build of my orgasm. My cock swelled as I got closer to cumming, but Katy was undeterred and kept sucking, even as I exploded into her mouth with a grunt of pleasure that echoed through the bathroom. She swallowed my load and only let my cock slip from her mouth when she was certain that I was completely spent. Krista dropped to her knees to kiss Katy, I assumed to get a taste of my cum, as well. Once they were done making out, Krista looked up at me and asked if I was ready for some dinner. 

I followed the two of them from the bathroom to the kitchen, still admiring both of their naked bodies as they got some things cooking for dinner. My only task in the kitchen was to open a bottle of wine, pour three glasses and recover so I was ready to go again after we'd eaten. I couldn't resist reaching out for whichever one of them happened to pass close enough as I sat there and was rewarded not only with kisses, but with opportunities for caresses of soft, smooth body parts as well. We sat down to eat and I could still ogle their tits during the meal, so I was well on the road to recovery as we nourished ourselves for what promised to be an active weekend. As we were wrapping up the meal, discussion turned to what our next physical indulgence in each other should be. I pointed out that Krista's pussy still needed to be cleared of a few days' worth of stubble and suggested that she let Katy and me take care of that, then see where it would lead.

Once the dishes were cleaned up, we decided to shave Krista in her bed rather than in the bathroom or on the couch, mainly because of what we were expecting it to lead to. She had a shaving lotion that she typically used and a good razor, so we brought that, along with towels, a washcloth and a bowl of warm water, to her bedroom. We determined that the position that would allow the best access was with her fully reclined but with her legs bent and spread apart. Krista started writhing and moaning as soon as Katy and I started to apply the shaving lotion. This continued with the first few strokes of the razor, which I then rinsed in the warm water and handed to Katy. We took turns until Krista's pussy was completely smooth, then wiped her clean with the washcloth. Krista was about jumping out of her skin by this point, so we took pity on her and, putting our fingers together, slipped one of Katy's and one of mine into Krista's slippery pussy simultaneously. As we worked them easily in and out, I started to lick Krista's clit, causing her to moan and writhe even more, then moved aside so that Katy could take over for a bit.

We alternated licking Krista's clit while sliding both of our fingers in and out until, at one point when Katy had her face between Krista's thighs, I looked over at Katy's perfect ass and realized that my cock was rock hard and had yet to slip into her pussy. I slipped my finger free of Krista's pussy and moved down behind Katy, helping her get her knees under her so that her ass was up in the air. I decided against fucking her ass at that moment because I really wanted to experience her pussy and I didn't have the baby oil handy anyway. While she continued to lick and finger Krista, I guided my cock to Katy's hot, slippery pussy and slipped easily into her. Holding her by the hips, I started to slowly stroke in and out, relishing the amazing feel of her pussy. I looked up to see Krista, with her eyes tightly closed, fondling her own tits as she humped her pussy toward Katy's face and, by leaning slightly to one side, could see Katy's tongue at work on Krista's clit.

As my hips repeatedly bumped Katy's ass, Krista was getting louder and had grabbed Katy's head to hold her in place. Katy kept licking and fingering Krista while I kept fucking Katy until Krista finally started to shake as she came. Only once Krista had gone limp again and lay back on her bed did Katy raise her head and start pushing back against my incoming thrusts. When Krista's head appeared to have cleared, Katy asked her if she was ready to have her newly-shaved pussy fucked and Krista nodded with a big smile on her face. Katy moved away from me so that my cock slipped out of her hot pussy while suggesting that Krista slide down toward me a little bit. Katy tossed me a couple of pillows, which I stuck underneath Krista's ass while Katy straddled Krista's head. Still kneeling, I guided my rigid cock between Krista's shaved lips and slipped into her incredibly hot and slippery pussy.
