 Edited by: Pope1944. Thanks!

Warning: there is anal in this story, so if you're not into that, please find another story!

Note: the *** symbol denotes a switch in narrator. It should become obvious rather quickly, but there you go. 

*****

I sighed deeply, knowing that I would never be able to do any work today. Looking at the clock, I closed my eyes. It was only 10 am. I tried one more time to focus on the charts in front of me, but fifteen minutes later I pushed them away. All I could think about was the 69 I had shared, just hours ago, with Ian, my best friend's husband. I could still taste the remaining traces of his sperm in my mouth, and could easily imagine his load swimming in my stomach right now. Thinking of these things only led to one thing: a definite warmth between my legs. I had taken a quick shower before leaving for work, to clean the sperm from my face and the stickiness of his saliva and my juices between my legs. Yet I knew my panties were already drenched. And it was only 10 am...

Sure, I had planned on teasing Ian all week long. What a precious opportunity! I knew he thought I was beautiful and desirable, and through the years I had begun and gently intensified a few teasing moments. At first I was convinced that he thought them accidents. But he wasn't stupid. A couple of years ago, after the refrigerator incident, I became persuaded that he knew that I was doing it on purpose. Of course: spending two minutes bent forward with a ridiculously low neckline was a rather dead giveaway. 

It hadn't started as voluntary teasing though. The first incident happened about a year after we had met. Nella, Ian and I were supposed to go to a concert together. I still hadn't met Jonathan at this point. At the last minute, Nella had to cancel, and Ian and I ended up going together. One hour drive either way, plus the concert itself. That was a lot of time spent alone together. A lot more than all such time we'd had since meeting. 

The conversations had been really fun and interesting, and when I dropped him off at his apartment, I got out of the car for a hug. Now, I'm and always have been a hugger, but when I hug men, who are usually taller than me, I slip my arms under theirs. That time though, on impulse, not really thinking about it, I raised my arms higher and wrapped them around his neck. Even I could feel my breasts being pushed forward and trapped between our bodies. Looking at Ian's expression, he was even more keenly aware of that little extra ingredient. 

After that, there were plenty of small teases and a couple of bigger ones. One time, as we were all seated around a crowded table, with Nella and Jonathan but also many other friends, I sat next to him. The volume in the room was pretty intense, so when I had to talk to the person sitting on Ian's other side, I leaned over him. Realizing the opportunity, I leaned a bit more and felt my breasts mould themselves around his hands. I remained that way for about thirty seconds, but I'm sure he appreciated each and every one of them. 

So when it was decided that they were going to live here for a week, my mind began planning some such little moments and semi-accidents. It turned out that I didn't have all that much to do. Like the butterfly he described during our first dinner together, something seemed to have taken hold of us all. The first time he touched my ass may well have been by accident, as I did see Jonathan bumping into him. The second time though, no way. Not twice in the same evening. 

Not to be outdone, I upped the ante and willfully bumped into him, making sure my ass touched his hand. I had never been so obvious in my teases, but it fit the light and funny mood we had been in. When he grabbed my ass after our walk on that first morning, I knew that we had set foot on a new path. But then again, that could have remained light and benign. 

After all, we were both married to each other's close friends. And that's when the other ingredient of the butterfly effect came into play. Jonathan. My dear husband decided to pick that first night to refuse sex, and the second to get drunk. Which he knew I hated. He even tried to caress me during the morning, which only added to my growing lust. I'm pretty sure that if I'd had the one or two good fuckings I deserved from my husband, this morning would have turned out very differently. 

Instead, I had let my best friend's husband maul my ass and breasts, I had let him eat my pussy and eventually pushed him down into an extremely pleasurable 69. When I felt myself climaxing, I had been seconds away from turning around and mounting his cock. His fucking lock cock. That thing was long! Fuck! I wanted it inside me. Jonathan's cock was remarkable, being so thick, but it's been a long time since I'd ever been fucked by a cock as long as Ian's. Not sure I ever did, in fact. It looked at least eight inches long! The wonders such a cock would do to the depths of my pussy! 

Shit! As I moved on my chair, I felt the lips of my pussy sliding across each other, as wet as could be. And it was not like Ian's cock was thin either, just a very nice long cock with full girth. This morning, I had needed that cock. I didn't regret having sex with Ian. Damn it, I had needed it badly enough! But I was also glad that we hadn't gone all the way either. 

Jonathan and I have been discussing about relaxing our conventional fidelity agreement since at least a year. But even if we were a truly opened couple, which we were not yet, choosing my best friend's husband as a first partner wouldn't have been the best idea. Then again, what was the difference between a mind boggling orgasm from a 69 or a full penetration? I had his sperm in my belly, didn't I?

Another sigh. Looking at the clock again, then at the number of people around me, I wondered if I could masturbate in my office without anyone noticing. I had never done it before... I went to the door, closed and locked it, then hung the little privacy curtain on the small window. Removing my panties from under my skirt, I placed them on my desk, mindful of not creating a wet spot on the wood. I sat down on the chair, sprawled like a teenager, and lifted my skirt until I could comfortably reach my pussy. As soon as my fingers touched my lips and grazed my clit, I knew it wouldn't take long. Immediately my mind went back to the moment when Ian had been, rather expertly I must say, eating my pussy as I had been sitting on the counter. 

And even teasing my ass! Jonathan had never been into anal sex, and I was actually glad. thick as he was, it would been a bleeding affair. But even though I would have liked him to use his fingers and tongue, I never pushed him, fearing what his tree-trunk like cock would do to my ass. But Ian hadn't even been surprised or phased when I pushed him lower and he caressed and licked my asshole with obvious relish. Remembering the feelings his tongue one my ass gave me, I pulled my climax a bit closer. 

But now, diverging from the memories, instead of pushing him down into a 69, I fantasized instead of pulling him up and guiding his huge cock between the lips of my pussy. The burst of pleasure I felt when I imagined that long piece of hard meat entering me was delicious. As I imagined him grabbing my thighs and beginning to pummel me, all of his eight inches penetrating me with each stroke, I began trembling. It didn't require much more imagination than that and a few minutes later I was orgasming, drenching my chair and carpet with a spurt of juices. Damn it! I laughed as I was rocked by my climax. Why didn't I think of that!

After putting my damp panties back on, I placed my glass of water near the edge of the desk. If anyone asked about the wet stains, they would have a ready answer. Now the real question was: did I have a ready answer about Ian? I wanted to fuck him so bad, especially now that I had fully visualized his long cock pounding into me. But could I, could we? Would Jonathan really be that openminded? I truly didn't know. But then again, I remembered that he thought that Nella was really sexy and desirable. Maybe the butterfly effect would be powerful enough to bring them in? Or maybe Ian and I could try to provoke something?

***

I would only learn later that, on that morning, I was feeling exactly what Aria, my wife, was feeling. This morning we carpooled to work like we usually do, but everything else was different. Less than an hour before getting the car, I had fucked her best friend, and she had fucked the husband of that same best friend. Well, technically she hadn't fucked him, but that too I would only learn later. Our half hour drive was a lot more quiet than it usually was, but neither of us had seemed uncomfortable. Now alone at work, only a couple of blocks away from where Aria worked, I was deep in thought. 

I had spent the last few weeks expecting this week, looking forward to seeing how Nella would react. Her last email had seemed to indicate that she was willing to go further, on a sexual level, with me, but "seemed" was a fickle thing. We had never been explicit about our mutual desires, but if you add all the innuendos and peculiar remarks and exchanged looks, I was as sure as I could be that she wanted me. But would she act on it? That had been my main interrogation. During the first evening, alone with her in their room, I decided to risk everything by telling her that I wanted to touch her breasts. She reacted genially and soon things turned sexual until, this very morning, we would finally fuck. 

I was still overwhelmed by the fact that I had fucked someone other than Aria. I truly love my wife and our sex life was really good. I thought that she was one of the most beautiful woman in the world. But I thought that Nella was one as well... Usually I didn't like women that are full figured. Nella wasn't fat, or at least it didn't look bad on her. My guess was that a physical trainer would recommend that she'd loose quite a few pounds. But damn! Did it look good on her. If Aria gained that much weight, she'd probably look like a potato. But Nella... 

Dear gods Nella didn't look like a potato. She looked like a goddess of fertility that was begging to be fucked. And after years of yearning and lusting after her, I had been ready to do it. And so we had done it. And it was called adultery. Nella had her plan to convince Aria and Ian to join in, but so far, they hadn't. Well. They had, but they didn't tell us. I caught them, even made sure Aria would crack and jump Ian. 

Is adultery bad if everybody involved was doing it? I laughed out loud, alone in my office. What strange question to ask oneself. But it seemed really important to me right now. It was one thing to be driven by lust and acting on it, but sitting beside your wife knowing that we had both been unfaithful, was quite another. I knew I had been the one pushing for this, helping Nella with her crazy foursome plan. But this mornings ride had been a cold shower. Of sorts. 

I had to keep reminding me that Aria had fucked Ian as well. And that the thought of a real foursome with them was making my blood boil. Aria and Nella naked and willing in my bed? Damn! Even the thought of having Ian there as well wasn't all that bothersome. I doubt we'd go full homosexual, at least not at first, but the thought wasn't repulsive either. 

Thinking about it made my cock hard, and I fought to keep it down. I dearly wanted to keep my sexual energy for real sex. Who knew what the evening would offer?The evening? So far away... I had to remain here until my lunch meeting, but then I could leave. I could even borrow the company car and leave our car to Aria. A quick email would settle that. So a couple of hours later I packed up my things and sent my email. Without traffic, the drive was pretty enjoyable, what with the sun and the anticipation of seeing Nella again. 

When I entered what turned out to be a very empty house, I was dispirited. But given that I had seen Ian's car outside, I knew they couldn't be far. A few minutes later I realized that they were probably in the stream, enjoying the glorious day. I heard them before seeing them through the bushes, and when I stepped on our tiny beach, I greeted them warmly. They were both surprised to see me, which was expected, but given the clearness of the water I also saw that their nakedness was another explanation for their surprise. 

Before giving either of them the time to react or ask me to leave while they were putting their swimsuits back on, I proceeded to strip. Completely. I didn't really mind that they would be able to see me directly, as nudity wasn't a big issue for me. It's not that I was especially proud of my body, but I had never figured out why so many people were ashamed or shy about nudity. In any case, they both started laughing as I threw my clothes on the sand. Not laughing at me, but glad that I hadn't made a fuss and just joined them. Ian and I had already seen each other naked at the gym, and I had just fucked Nella a couple of hours ago. Strangeness...

A few times, my imagination provided me with half-baked excuses to move closer to Nella or even ways to touch her that wouldn't seem all that obvious. And each time I refused. I had no idea how Ian felt about all of this, and he probably didn't know about me and Nella. Maybe it would be better if the news came from her. And I knew she wanted to tell him, wanted it to be public. Well, public for our foursome, of course. Nella and I knew about Aria and Ian fucking, or, we would learn later, at least having sex. 

Aria didn't know about me and Nella yet, but she had been willing to slowly transform our relationship into an open one. Ian was probably the one least aware of what was growing between us all. So except for a few near misses with Nella moving her breasts nearly out of the water, the following hour was pretty relaxed and enjoyable. After that first hour, two things happened to push us into a more excited state: a summer storm on the horizon and my wife Aria. Maybe Ian's butterfly effect was something that could happen between humans...

***

When I received Jonathan's email about him leaving early, I swore, wondering why I hadn't thought of it myself. I couldn't leave immediately, but did as soon as I could. I ended up arriving about an hour after Jonathan and eventually found them all in the stream. I did go to my room to change my panties, but soon realized that it hadn't been necessary. Like Jonathan, I paused on the beach and looked at the three of them naked. With my hands on my hips I smiled, shaking my head. "I leave you guys alone for one hour and you end up naked... There are so many perverts in this world..." I sighed forcefully, adding to the effect. 

As they were smiling, I began stripping down myself until all that remained were my panties and bra. When I began walking towards the water, Nella said "No no Aria... We're all naked here. Jonathan stripped on the beach."

"Good for him..." was my reply. 

"Oh come on..." Then, turning her head towards Ian, Nella added "Ian, try and convince her to strip. You're supposed to be a good debater."

Ian was obviously uncomfortable, but tried his best. Looking straight into my eyes despite the fact that I was very nearly naked in front and above him, he said "Aria, you're like the loser kid who won't smoke pot when all her friends do... Or the kid who snitches on their friends after they did something wrong. Come on. We're all naked. And in any case, I have a feeling that Nella will rip your fine lingerie off of you if you don't."

"She wouldn't!" was my quick reply.

"Are you sure about that my love? Didn't I tell you yesterday how much I love your breasts?" Nella said, a naughty twinkle in her eyes. 

Both men laughed at her comment, and I closed my eyes. "Ok then... Let me get in the water and then I'll remove my lingerie."

And so I did, aware that the clear water left little to the imagination. Even the dark patches of our bushes were plainly evident. After a few minutes, I relaxed, thinking that in any case, the three people around me had seen me naked before. When Jonathan reached in the bucket and pulled out a glass, which he filled with wine, I was truly at ease. It was the first time we had all been together naked, and soon I realized that it was a shame. Damn conservative morals! Wasn't that what life was all about? Four beautiful people who each loved each other in their own ways, naked, playing in the water under the summer sun? 

Later, looking at the summer sun, it was now clear that the clouds I had seen on the highway were now threatening to turn into a summer storm. I guessed that we had at most an hour before it hit us. "Head in the clouds Aria?" Nella's question brought me back to reality, but it immediately became clear that she had a plan in mind. Before I could even reply she leaned close and tickled my on the sides. I jumped up instinctively, effectively pushing both my breasts out of the water. Which was, undoubtedly, Nella's goal. 

Ian and Jonathan whooped in surprised, and laughed as I threw my third glass of wine on the beach and jumped on Nella. I knew I was doing exactly what she wanted, namely exposing more of my nudity to the men. I didn't care, as long as they got an eyeful of hers. A few minutes of play-fighting later, the guys had seen pretty much all we had to offer, all of which I had tried to keep hidden earlier. 

When we settled back against the sand and rocks, we were flustered and laughing. Jonathan asked "Ian.. What more would you ask of life right now?"

"Not much, my friend, not much."

"Two gorgeous naked women catfighting right in front of us. It's almost as if it had been planned to excite us, wouldn't you say?" Jonathan looked at Ian, a mischievous expression on his face. 

"Why I think you're right Jon... I think that was all for us." As Nella and I shook our heads and mumbled our denials, Ian continued "And let me state, for the record, that it worked pretty well."

When he looked briefly down at his lap, everybody laughed. We barely heard Jonathan's "Yep, for me as well!" through our laughter, and the moment was absolutely genial. Sadly, the water took too long to clear after we muddied it and both men weren't erect anymore. Looking up once more at the clouds, I revised my earlier prediction. Half and hour at most before the storm. By now it was getting late in the afternoon and although I was having a great time, I felt like I needed to be alone with Nella. Maybe I could manage to gage her opinion about jealousy, maybe even her open-mindedness about the four of us? 

Without giving them an explanation, I asked the men to leave us girls alone. They agreed, then paused as they realized that they would have to get out of the water naked. A quick look was all it took them to decide, and they got up at the same time. Taking their sweet time before gathering their clothes and swimsuits, they gave us a long time to look at them. Before leaving, Ian winked at us and Jonathan blew a kiss. 

Once they were far enough, I turned to Nella, trying to think of a question that would lead us towards fidelity and how receptive she'd be towards—

"Aria, I have to confide that Jonathan has a very nice cock..."

My eyes opened wide in surprise. Nella, except for a smile on her lips, seemed to consider this a normal confession. It wasn't, though. We had never talked about that before. "Oh yes... I can't complain." I mumbled as I tried to gather my wits. It the occurred to me that Nella could have her own little agenda about sex this week. I would have to think on it further, but I was not about to let this golden opportunity pass me by. "And so does Ian, by the way. Damned nice cock. And very long!" I grinned as I added that. 

Nella smiled, then her expression changed very briefly. I couldn't quite read her, but her smiled changed to something that looked like a knowing smile. I didn't know why. Had I made a mistake? Nella didn't seem angry or sad, but something I said... Shit! How the fuck was I supposed to know that Ian's cock was very long? When he was not erect he was, at best, only slightly longer than average. In fact, given that Jonathan's cock was a shower and barely lengthened when he got hard, both their cocks looked to be just as long when soft. 
