 With special thanks to skittles_lm for help with editing!

She pulled into the trading estate next to the business address she was attending. As she got out of the car, Lara looked herself over briefly, ensuring that her skirt was not too short and her suit jacket not crumpled from the journey. She grabbed her briefcase from the backseat and walked towards the office door, acknowledging the gentleman standing in the doorway of the adjacent building.

Lara knocked on the office door and walked straight in as she always did when she had a meeting with Anthony. He sat waiting for her behind his desk, and as she placed her briefcase in front of him and locked the door he proceeded to close the window blinds so passers by would not disturb them. She watched him, his dark greying hair shimmering in the last of the mid afternoon sun, his jeans tight around his perfectly toned ass.

"It's been too long." he said as he moved towards her and kissed her softly on the lips. She responded to his kiss, pushing her tongue deeply into his soft mouth and tasting his sweet breath. She put her hand on his arm as he put it round her and pulled her towards him so that she could feel his hard cock pressing into her through his jeans. She moaned quietly. He was right, it had been too long.

She broke away from his embrace and removed his t-shirt to reveal his pierced nipple, which he loved to have sucked. She rubbed it gently in her fingers before wrapping her lips around it and playing with the bar in her mouth. With her hands free she unzipped his flies and reached inside his pants, grabbing his cock with some ferocity. Her breathing was starting to get heavy now as the familiar scent of him filled her nostrils and urged her to take him in her mouth. 

"Suck my cock babe," he said, "do it the way I like it."

She lowered his jeans to below his knees and teased his rock solid cock with her tongue. God she loved this cock. It was the nicest cock she had ever had the fortune to have and she always paid it as much attention as it deserved. She licked the silky smooth head before extending her tongue down the shaft, her tongue bar gently rubbing in all the right places. Then she took the length of it in her mouth and sucked it hard. Anthony moaned with pleasure.

" Fuck, you are so good at that, show me how much you like it." She knew what he wanted - she bit the top of his cock, clamped her teeth down until she felt him pulsate and get even harder and he swore under his breath once more.

As she sucked him and flicked her tongue bar over his pulsating cock he grasped a handful of hair from the back of her head and pushed his cock deep into her throat, moving her head to the rhythm he desired. She moaned with pleasure and he pulled her away and pushed her onto the leather sofa at the rear of the office.

She landed softly, her ass barely over the edge of the sofa and he approached her with a look of pure desire, his blue eyes sparkling with lust. He reached up her skirt, caressing her thighs with both hands, and as he kissed her deeply one hand reached between her legs and pressed hard on her panties. He could feel the heat and her dampness through her cotton briefs and he knew that if he wanted to fuck her now she would be ready. But he wanted to make it last. He pulled her panties aside and his fingers found her smooth pussy, so soft and freshly shaven, damn how he loved her pussy. He kissed her hard as his fingers found her clit. He rubbed it slowly before sliding 2 fingers inside her and finger-fucked her cunt. God, he wanted to stick his throbbing cock in her right now, but he knew she wanted more. He stopped kissing her and put his silvery glistening fingers in her mouth so she could taste herself, so she could taste the way he made her feel.

She stood up then and he didn't know what she was doing as she walked towards the window. He knew she had voyeuristic tendencies and as she pulled the blind aside his concerns about being caught nearly took over. 

She turned to him and whispered " I've brought a friend. I hope you don't mind."

His mind raced, at first he wasn't sure what she meant. Many a time during the heat of their passion they had talked about another woman joining them. Was this what she meant? Was it a man? Had she set him up and really his wife was about to walk in and catch him with his cock hard for someone else? As his mind worked overtime he found himself locked in position, unable to move, but with ecstatic anticipation that maybe, just maybe this was to be the threesome he had always fantasised about.

Lara unlocked the door and a beautiful dark haired woman appeared, also dressed in a business suit. Her brunette locks glistened under the false lighting and he could just see the lacy tops of her stockings peeking out from under her skirt. His relief was soon washed away by his desire and lust for the threesome. His cock throbbed hard as the girls smiled at each other and began to kiss. 

The new girl reached under Laras skirt and placed her hand between her legs. 

"So wet already?" she enquired. "Mmmm, take your clothes off babe." As Lara stripped down to her underwear, the new girl removed her skirt, revealing her neatly trimmed pussy, the few hairs pointing in a v shape towards her clit. Her lack of panties made Anthony gasp, he wanted to join them, but allowed them time to play, slowly rubbing his cock from his viewpoint on the sofa.

Lara leaned over and took some cushions from the sofa and as she did so, the new girl pulled off her panties and reached up to her breasts from her position behind her. Lara stood about an inch or two from Anthony and he watched intently as the girl caressed her breasts, slowly pulling down her bra and rolling her nipples between her fingers. The urge to pump his cock hard was strong, but he held back and instead kissed Lara, thanking her between kisses.

Lara pulled away, her breathing fast but shallow. After quickly removing her bra, she lay down on the thick carpet, placing a cushion under her head. The 2 girls were now completely naked and the new girl sank down atop Lara in a '69' position. From his position on the sofa Anthony watched the new girl as she kissed the top of Laras thighs and pulled her legs up so that they were slightly spread and her sparkling wet pussy was revealed. She flicked Laras clit with her tongue and Lara raised her hips towards her mouth signalling her pleasure and need for more. The girl used both hands to pull Laras full, juicy lips apart, revealing her soaking pussy and allowing some of her juices to drip out onto the carpet. With her pulled open, the girl lapped away at Laras clit, making small circles with her tongue. She moaned as Lara did the same to her, the two girls writhing on the floor.

Anthony was spellbound, so wanting to join them, yet wanting the moment to last forever. His need to cum was almost overwhelming, his restraint just bearing up under the pressure. He watched as the girls changed position and the new girl laid down upon the cushion and Lara kissed the girls breasts. He watched, as Lara slowly worked her way down the girls body before nestling her face between the girls legs. Anthony could hear her lapping away at the wetness between her legs, his cock solid and his balls so tight he thought they would explode.

Lara placed 2 fingers in the girls pussy and finger fucked her hard, making the girl cry out in ecstasy. As Lara inserted a third finger Anthony could hear the sound of the girls juices being swooshed around by Laras playful fingers. As she removed her fingers and placed them in Anthonys mouth she sucked on the girls delicate clit and raised her ass in the air, desperate to feel his cock deep within her.

He watched for a moment longer, these dirty pretty things as they moaned and writhed on the floor of his office, before leaning down and kissing the new girl fully on the mouth. The taste of her still fresh from Laras fingers, now mixed with the sweet taste of Laras pussy from within her mouth. With one hand he cupped her breast and tweaked her nipple and with his other he grabbed the base of his cock, squeezing a little milk to the surface. He moved quickly and dropped his salty milk onto the girls tongue and then kissed her again before she swallowed it, the taste of the three of them together making him growl with pleasure. It also made the need to fuck too strong to resist.

As he pulled away from the girl she raised her head, wanting more. 

"Later" he winked. He moved round behind Lara and cracked her across her right cheek with the palm of his hand. 

"Mmmm, harder" mumbled Lara between breaths. Anthony pulled his hand away and smacked her hard, two, maybe three times in succession and then left his hand there to remove the intense sting that Lara no doubt felt. She loved him spanking her and as he watched he saw her cheek glow red, making the other one seem pale in comparison. So he whacked her left cheek, harder than he had dared in the past, and her immediate pleasure became obvious as she asked for his cock in her cunt. 

He grabbed her by the hips, burying his cock hard inside her swollen lips and deep into her dripping pussy. Lara cried out and shuddered, loving every moment and every push of his great cock as it filled her tight pussy.

From his position he watched Lara lick the girl as he fucked her rhythmically. He was in awe as he watched her tongue move from the girls clit, spreading her lips with her tongue and extending it inside her. The girl raised her head slightly while moving her hips to Laras tongue fuck and looked intently at Anthony, his face contorting as he fought against his need to cum. Lara then placed her hands under the girls cheeks and raised her up, revealing her asshole. She began licking around it, before stabbing at it with her tongue. As Anthony slowed down to stop himself from exploding too soon, Lara swapped between using her tongue on the girls pussy and on her ass, the girl groaning louder and louder while intently looking at Anthony.

He stopped pushing and Lara moved away. Between her fast shallow breathing he caught her saying ' She likes it in the ass'. He nearly blew his load there and then, but just managed to pull it back. As Lara sat herself on the sofa with legs spread, the girl stood beside her and leaned her hands on the back of the couch. 

"Fuck me in the ass" she directed Anthony. Nothing would stop him now. He grabbed his shaft and directed his throbbing cock inside her, slipping in easily from the lubrication that Laras tongue had already provided. He started slowly but his rhythm increased as he watched Lara finger fuck herself beside him, 2 fingers fucking herself and 2 rubbing her clit hard and fast.

He reached under his cock, brushing his taut balls on the way and rubbed the girls clit in rhythm to Laras fingers as he pumped away at her ass. The pleasure he felt right now was something he had longed for forever and as much as he wanted it to continue he knew he could not hold out much more. Laras fingers moved faster and as he looked at her face he knew her orgasm was coming. He knew the way her voice changed as her moaning grew more fierce, and the way she rubbed herself back and forth ever faster.

Suddenly he became aware of a tightness around his cock as the girl he was fucking came hard. Her ring tightened around him as her muscles spasmed. His desperation to shoot his load had never been so vibrant. As she pulled herself forward towards the sofa he pulled back and moved over to where Lara sat, legs spread, waiting to take him. He rammed his cock into her welcoming pussy as she threw her head back and arched her back, pushing him deeper inside her. All this pleasure was down to her so it was she who would have his final offerings. She ground herself into him and he felt her orgasm, her muscles tight around his cock and he could hold back no longer. He came harder and heavier than ever before, filling her pussy with his seed, the spasms strong and so long lasting he wondered if his stream would ever end. Eventually he opened his eyes and he kissed Lara passionately as she fought against the sensation of her now ultra-sensitive clit being rubbed by his cock as he pressed into her.

Anthony was completely blown away. As the girls got dressed he watched them, as they watched each other, and had one final embrace. They each gave him a brief peck on the lips before checking themselves in the mirror and unlocking the door. He grabbed Lara by the arm, and said thank you. 

"I'll be seeing you soon" she said, and they departed as quickly as they had appeared. Anthony opened the blinds and watched the Lexus drive down to the end of the trading estate and turn out onto the main road.

In the car, Lara pulled up at the side of the road, her friend Eve giving her a puzzled look. She knew what was coming, and she was sure it wouldn't be long. Less than a minute later the familiar tone of her phone alerted her to an incoming text message. "You left your briefcase on my desk... A x." She passed the phone to Eve to read and the two girls looked at each other and grinned. 

"Shall we?" enquired Lara. Eve gave her the nod and with that she spun the car around and headed for Anthonys office once more.