 "My bra is so tight today."

Just as the words left Sabrina's mouth her top ripped open and her breasts exploded into view, leaping out of her bra.

"What's happening?" Sabrina asked, the panic in her voice as clear as day. Her breasts, surrounded by her shirt, hung down. They were smooth and round.

"What's going on?" Jen asked, she woke up and tried to figure out what she missed, "Are you doing it with Sabrina, Alene?" She shot at her.

"I wasn't doing anything!" Alene protested, but before she could explain herself both girls noticed Sabrina was hyperventilating and looked at her. Before their eyes her boobs started expanding. It was not a slow expansion but an explosion of size, before the girls knew it Sabrina's breasts reached her bellybutton, her pink nipples extruding with anticipation.

Alene saw Sabrina's face, her eyes full of fear. She knew she had to take charge. "Sabrina," Alene called as she rushed to the woman's side, "I know this is strange, but I suggest you take a sit. We'll sort everything out."

Sabrina was too shocked to resist Alene's help. She leaned on her for support and made the way to the chair. Once she sat down the girls took a moment to examine the damage. Sabrina's boobs rested I her lap, the growth seemed to have stopped. The orbs did not sag on her, quite the opposite, they were full and firm, they wobbled with Sabrina's breath. Alene made Angie's breasts bigger before and that understanding, there are bigger, made her calm.

Jen got off the bed and came closer to the girls, she was still naked and covered with last night's byproduct. "Impressive Alene, I love your handy work."

"I didn't do anything Jen," Alene protested, her gaze still locked no Sabrina's expended bosom, "Sabrina, please look at me, I know you are scared and confused, Are you in pain?"

"N... No, no pain." Sabrina shifted around in her chair, looking for a better position.

"I don't know what happened, I used no spell, I didn't even think about this until it happened."

"Well Alene, this is clearly a work of magic." Jen butted in, "And the only one with magic here is you."

"Are you suggesting I lost control of my magic?" Alene asked, uncertainty in her voice.

"Possibly, let's face the facts Alene, you're the only one who can use magic."

"well," Alene looked at Jen's cock, it was sprouting a considerable morning wood, "let's see. Iaculat," she called. Jen's cock spasmed a few times and launched a massive rope of cum as thick as a drinking can. Jen and Sabrina gasped as the rope crushed against the ceiling, painting it white.

"Seems to be working fine," Alene giggled.

"Care to show me more?" Jen tempted, forgetting about the huge boobed woman in the chair and stroking her cock. Alene's eyes locked with Jen's, for a moment the girls mentally planed their upcoming love-making.

"Your magic is real. I never thought something like this can exist." Sabrina brought the girls back to her problem.

"Okay, well... shrink her Alene." Jen offered a solution.

"Emarcesco" Alene called out. For a moment the girls waited, looking for any change in Sabrina's breasts. Nothing happened.

"Am I... going to stay this way forever?" Sabrina wondered in despair. While Alene liked big breasts, she knew Sabrina's size was unmanageable. Alene looked at Jen, "what are we going to do with her?"

"Honestly, I am lost, your magic doesn't seem to affect her, and we can't leave her like this." Jen walked around the room, trying to think of solution, "you know what Alene, I am stumped. I think I'll take a shower and think about it."

Alene looked at her body and noticed she was covered in dried cum, "Good idea, go ahead, I'll stay with Sabrina."

Alene positioned a chair opposite Sabrina. "How are you adapting Sabrina?"

"I don't know, I... can I be honest with you Alene?" Sabrina asked.

"Well Sabrina... I think that with the way things are now we are as honest as can be." 

Sabrina smiled, "I have to admit I didn't believe you when we had our meetings. I thought you were making it up to cover a past trauma, that is why I presumed you had PTSD." Sabrina took a deep breath and exhaled, "I think you've more than proved me wrong,"

Alene looked at Sabrina, she thought this was her was of saying, 'sorry I didn't believe you.' She felt the need to break the distance between them. "It's fine Sabrina, I'm not offended, I know how hard it is to believe such a thing without seeing it. Water under the bridge?"

"Water under the bridge," Sabrina repeated, "I wish there was a solution" she said and tried standing up, her boobs jiggled and moved, forcing her to move with caution.

"We'll solve this Sabrina, we just need to think of a way..." Alene encouraged.

"I just wish my breasts were bigger" Sabrina expressed her deep desire.

"I think we just found a way out" Alene whispered as a smiled filled her face, "look down Sabrina."

The therapist did as asked, to her amazement her breasts were shrinking before her very eyes, settling to a much more manageable size. "I... I don't understand-"

"Well I think I do," Jen called from the other end of the room, "Alene, can't you connect the dots? She is your last guardian, her tits are her gift."

"Why do you think that Jen?" Alene wondered.

"Well, your magic didn't work on her for one thing. And, thinking of it, she shrunk her own boobs." Jen felt a little lost, she could connect the dots faster than Alene but still not fast enough.

"I wish they were an E cup!" Sabrina stated, immediately her chest thrusted out, filling out to a firm E cup, Jen recognized it because it was the size she lived with before Alene came into her life. "I wish I was flat!" Sabrina called out once more and her body complied, and her boobs disappeared.

"My god Jen, your right. Crescere!" Alene called out, this time Sabrina's breasts exploded out, almost touching the floor. "Emarcesco" Alene called out again, but this time nothing happened, Sabrina leaned forward, and her boobs rested on the floor.

"I wish they were flat," Sabrina called once more, her massive orbs shrunk back.

"Well, seems you are my guardian Sabrina, we need to have a talk." Alene admitted.

"I agree," Sabrina smiled, "do you have a spare shirt? We can go out and do this over breakfast."

------

"So... I am the missing link?" Sabrina asked as she finished her coffee.

"Seems so Sabrina," Alene smiled at her, "I know this is quite a change, but I want to offer you what I offer all my guardians, come live with us." Sabrina seemed hesitant, but Alene went on, "You will be protected and won't need for anything again, you saw my magic, you know I can back my words."

"I understand Alene, but this is unethical, you see, you are my patient..."

"I was, I don't want to continue, I want you as a guardian. You don't have to say yes right now," Alene felt what Sabrina needed was a bit of space, "think about it for a few days, call me when you make up your mind."

"Fair enough," Sabrina agreed, "in the meanwhile I'll be careful what I wish for..." Sabrina joked and the girls laughed. They paid the bill and parted ways.

------

"So, what now Alene?" Jen wondered.

"We get my girls back" Alene declared as the car drove off.

"You make it sound simple enough, but do you know where they are?"

"Yes, I do, we have a bit of a drive ahead of us Jen, we need to get to London."

"I see, you think they'll go to your old place? It's a long shot Alene" Jen admitted.

"I knew Nadia since we were little girls... she's there..."

On the way, Alene and Jen devised a plan to approach the girls. After a three hour drive the time has come, Alene needed to use a bit of magic to find a parking spot and she spotted Nadia's car nearby.

"Here we go," she said and gave Jen a hug, "wish me luck"

The walk to the house was a short one, but for Alene this was the Green Mile, she went over her plan again and again, perfecting every little detail and gaming out the events that were about to unfold. She reached the door and took out her keys to open it but changed her mind, she knew the girls were vulnerable right now, barging in will only send them on the offensive. She returned the keys to her pocket and raised her hand, knocking on the door three times and waiting.

Before long she heard it, the girls huddled on the other side of the door. Alene was lucky to have lived in this house, she knew it inside out, she listened intently with the knowledge she will hear every word the girls will say. 'Thank god for this cheap sound insulation,' she thought to herself.

"Who is it Nadia?" Came Nicky's voice

"It's her, it's Alene." Nadia's voice answered.

"What does she want? Should we let her in?" Angie wondered.

"I think we have to let her in girls..." Nicky suggested, "It is Alene after all, she at least deserves a chance to see us face to face."

"I'm afraid," Nadia said. The words reached Alene and pierced her heart, a bullet that brought her pain she didn't imagine was possible. Alene's eyes filled with tears and her heart ached as the meaning of the words crept into her mind...

"Nadia..." Alene whispered, "You're afraid of me?"

Alene was a wrack, her whole plan fell to pieces before the two words Nadia uttered.

"Naida please, open up, I won't harm you, never! Please, just let me talk to you face to face." Alene's voice became a frightened cry, she hardly managed to stand up.

"Alene, please go away." Angie's voice asked politely.

"No! Angie open this door right now," Alene demanded, a mad fear driving her to fiercely knock on the door, "I want to talk with Nadia, I need to tell her one thing face to face, just one thing. After that I'm gone if that is what you please."

Alene heard the lock in the door click open and a moment later the wooden door swung into the house and Alene stood before 3 of her guardians. Nadia stood in the middle, her face stained with tears.

"Let's hear it Alene, what do you NEED to say?" Nadia's voice was shaky, this was a meeting she had to face.

"I am so sorry it took me so long Nadia..." Alene paused, she wiped her tears with her sleeve, "Nadia Everlin, I do not deserve a goddess like you, I am only a foolish mortal girl. If you could forgive my mistakes... I would love to call you my wife..."

Alene felt a great relief washing over her, she did what felt right to her, in her mind this was the best course of action. The girls looked shocked, it was clearly not what they expected to hear.

"Well Nadia, that's it, I said it... I'll be off now, if you want to talk you have my number." Alene said as she turned around, she tried to act as if she no longer cared but as she started making her way back to the car her eyes filled with tears once more.

"Stop!" Nadia called. Alene froze, she tried looking back at Nadia, but fear stopped her. She just stood there, waiting. "Do you really mean it Alene Raven? Do you honestly want to marry me?"

Alene took a deep breath she understood this was her chance, her last chance. She exhaled audibly and finally turned. "Yes Nadia, I honestly mean it. We all made mistakes along the way, all of us. I treated you horribly, you girls left even though you are supposed to guard me. This is why I'm here Nadia, I am taking control of my life again. I messed up, but there's no point dwelling on it. I want you girls back, I learned Sabrina is my last guardian, I started using magic again... Fuck I even made amends with Jen."

"Goodness Alene," Angie gasped her face clearly in shock, "Please don't tell me she raped you too, why did you have to punish yourself like that?"

"She didn't rape me Angie, it was with full consent, we decided to start a fresh page. I want to call her here If it's okay with you, I think you need to see this." Alene offered.

Nicky looked frightened, "NO! she will harm me."

"Nicky, look at me," Alene got the woman's attention, "She will not harm you, she will not touch you without your consent, I promise I will protect you this time, you know what, look..."

Alene looked at the door frame and mumbled a few words, the girls knew it was a spell. She lifted her arm as knocked on the place where the door would be, it sounded like Alene was knocking on glass. "See Nicky? You can come out, but we can't come outside, you're safe.

Nicky reached for the door and understood Alene was telling the truth, "ok, Call her."

Alene took her phone and made the call, a moment later Jen came to the house. She didn't dare look into the girls' eyes, instead she looked at the ground. "After what I did to you girls, I have no right looking you in the eyes, I am not even worth the ground I stand on. I only ask one thing of you girls, I ask for forgiveness, for redemption."

"Redemption for what you did to us? You raped and violated us." Nadia said, her anger reflected through her voice, "How do you plan on redeeming yourself?"

"I don't know Nadia, I only know I regret what happened, I regret everything I did since the day I left the house." Jen still focused on the floor, every fiber of her being filled with shame.

"Listen girls," Alene tried to take control of the situation, "I know this is kind of childish or naïve, but I think I know how to sort this. We should go to an arbitration. People do it all the time when they have issues."

Nadia appeared amused by the idea, "And who do you think can be the judge of our case? Who do you think would take a complex, magical story like ours? Please Alene, I didn't know you were stupid, think this through."

"I did Nadia, no need to be so hostel," Alene surged, "there is one person who keeps an eye on all of us and understands the situation... Elpis..."

The girls gasped. "That's right, Elpis knows our situation so well, if anyone could be our arbitrator it's her." Angie agreed, "Nicky, we could get our justice for what she did to us!"

Nicky's eye lit with fire, "OMG, right, Alene that's a brilliant Idea, Nadia, let's go back to the way things were, you know we all miss Alene."

Nadia nodded in agreement, "Does Jen agree?"

Jen lifted her eyes but still didn't look directly at the girls. "I agree with any course of action you see fit."

"It's settled then, I'll call Elpis!" Alene said and walked over to the car to fetch her spell book. She knew exactly what she was looking for, moments later the girls were in Alene's old flat, waiting.

"Did you call me Alene," Elpis asked as she walked out of Alene's old bedroom, "How can I help you?"

"Elpis, it's good to see you again," Alene noticed Elpis looked strange, older," Are you aware of everything happening in our lives?"

"Of course I am Alene, I keep close watch on you girls." Elpis answered.

"Then you already know what I'm about to ask..." Alene mumbled.

"I know, and if everyone in this room agree I would gladly to end this feud and get you and your guardians back together." Elpis looked into the girls' eyes, "Do you accept me as your arbitrator? Will you accept any judgment I deem fit?" All the girls nodded in agreement. 

"Remember that you will abide by any decision I will make. She who does not will face the magical consequences."

Silence filled the living room and Angie Nadia and Nicky huddled closer to Alene while Jen stood in the corner, still submitting to whatever fate will bring her. "Let me start with you Alene, your careless approach made Jen suffer, do you understand your actions brought her pain and grief?"

Alene looked at Jen, "I understand, I used the wrong spell out, I didn't pay attention..."

"Jen," Elpis's voice thundered through the hall, "You were a victim of Alene's carelessness but at the same time you made her life full of fear."

Jen didn't even try to resist, "I admit."

Elpis took a long breath, "It is my understanding that you solved this issue between yourselves and no longer hold any grudges, right?"

Alene agreed, "we moved on and even consummated our sexual relationship."

"That is good to hear," Elpis admitted. "Now we move on to an even bigger subject. Jenifer, you have raped Nicky, Angie and Nadia in your rage, am I correct?"

Jen's voice choked a little, "Y... You are correct..."

"Nadia, Nicky and Angie, did you do anything to provoke this type of behavior from Jen?"

"No, we did nothing to provoke such an act." Nadia said, and the girls nodded in agreement.

"This is the core of this arbitration then. Girls, do you want justice or revenge?"

Nadia looked at the girls, none of them wanted revenge, "Elpis, we all know an eye for an eye makes the world blind. We simply wish for a way to remedy this situation."

Elpis smiled, "You have spoken well Nadia, and a remedy you shell have. Remember that my decision is the only judgment, you all agreed. The only remedy to such a situation is to turn it around, completely..."

Elpis's magic was drastically different from Alene's. In a blink of an eye Nadia, Nicky, Angie and Jen were naked. Jen's cock was no longer on her, she was a regular woman. Nicky, on the other hand, kept her penis. But most strange were Nadia and Angie who grow a cock. It was as big as Nicky's, extending up to the girl's torso.

"Angie, Nadia and Nicky, you will take Jen right here. She is yours and won't resist to any of your wishes. You will all go back to your former selves once all of you feel content with this solution." Elpis finished and turned to Alene, "We will go to your bedroom Alene, we need to talk one last time." Alene complied and followed Elpis upstairs.

Jen no longer averted her eyes, she looked Nadia directly in the eyes, "I will not fight you, I will not resist. I did wrong by you Angie Nicky and Nadia, you have any right to wrong me."

"You did rape us Jen, you did... but us raping you will only bring more hate." Nicky admitted.

"You know what Jen, I will do you one better" Nadia said and rubbed her cock, her body quivered lightly from the sensation, "I want you to go down on me-"

Jen didn't even wait, she went on her knees and made her way to Nadia. "Hold it Jen, you didn't let me finish, I want you to go down on me, if you want."

Jen smiled, she closed the gap and placed her hands around the warm pole. "Thank you, Nadia," she said and took the head in her mouth, her tongue dancing around the sensitive skin. Nadia never guessed this is what having a cock felt like, no wonder everybody loves it. Gasps of joy started escaping her lips. Jen knew her way around, both her hands massaged the rod as her mouth worked on the tip, hearing Nadia reacting like this made Jen feel it was already time to reveal her first secret skill. In one long, continues motion she lowered her head down onto the cock, taking it down her throat and into her depths. Nadia was on the fringe of coming.

"Can I take your pussy?" Nicky suddenly asked. Jen couldn't talk with Nadia's rod down her throat but gently shook her head yes. Nicky walked around and saw Jen's lower lips, they were pink and wet with anticipation, "Jen, do you want us to take you?" Nicky wondered.

Jen had to answer the question, she lifted her head and pulled Nadia's cock out of her. "I want nothing more! Fuck me... please!" Nicky saw the perfect moment and shaved her cock into Jen, she enjoyed seeing the lips part as more and more of her cock moved into the tight tunnel.

While Nicky knew what living with a cock felt like, Nadia had no experience. Once Jen pulled her cock out of her mouth she felt it starting, a gigantic orgasm, unlike anything she felt before. "GOD, Cumming..." she screamed as her cock unleashed its first load directly at Jen's face. Rope after rope splattered on Jen's face, covering her features in a thick layer of cum. Jen let Nadia unload for a bit but suddenly took the cock back down her throat and swallowed the rest.

------

"Alene, our time is very limited." Elpis said as she closed the door behind her, "I will soon have to leave and won't be able to return. You girls will be together after this."
