 Prologue

Christine looked over her shoulder at the gentlemen across the room. "The fellas over there want to buy you a drink" the waitress explained, and quickly walked away after depositing the Cosmopolitan in front of her. It was another night as the object of affection, and another meaningless token from frat school boys 10 years past their most promising days. They wore the same suits, sported the same haircuts, and held the same impossible hopes as the last group. Christine sighed. 

Her boyfriend was late. Again. It was Friday night and their reservation was for 7PM. He sent her a text at 7:15 letting her know he was stuck on a call and would be at least another half hour. She sipped her drink slowly, hoping the Frat School Three wouldn't come over and chat her up. She wasn't sure she could handle the mediocrity right now. She saw the Alpha Male of the group heading over. She suspected he was in derivatives, but if this was small town in North Carolina, he might well have sold Honda Accords. 

Alpha flashed a smile as he zeroed in, readying his finest pickup line. Christine closed her eyes, wondering when she would ever feel her pulse quicken again. It had been years since it had raced at the thought of a man's touch. Her relationship was comfortable, familiar, and satisfying, yet when she was honest with herself, she thought back to her wilder days in college, and traveling across Europe, to the men who most made her feel desired. She yearned to feel that way again, at least for a little while. She made a wish. 

She opened her eyes, fearing the worst, and Alpha was headed in the opposite direction. She felt a gentle touch at her shoulder, and a gentleman whispering in her ear "Just play along and Big Jim over there will keep on walking back to his table." 

He kissed her cheek. She looked up, readying a slap for this stranger, and found she was staring into a lovely pair of blue eyes. 

"Hello darling," he said with a cool confidence, and a light accent she was unable to place, "Sorry to have kept you waiting."

"It's okay," Christine found herself saying, "You're here now." 

They settled into an easy rhythm of make believe - enough to convince any onlookers that he was the awaited boyfriend. But he was no boy. Peter Walsh knew his way around women, yet had rarely seen a beauty like Christine. She was 28, of Eastern European descent, likely Czech he thought, tall at 5'8", with fair skin, a slim but athletic build, and long dark hair and eyes. After 10 minutes, he confirmed his suspicions when he ascertained she was born in Prague, but raised in New York City. He asked her about her plans for the night. 

She looked at her phone, awaiting a sign. It was another text, with an apology. 

It was decided. 

She took his elbow, as he paid for their drinks. 

1: Opened

Exactly Two Years Later

Christine slid onto the bar stool and thought about the last time she was here. Meeting Peter Walsh had redefined her. It took only one evening for her to cast aside years of propriety and just live for the moment. And she had lived that way since. 

He was what most women would consider dashing. Mid forties, just shy of 6', he was well groomed, very fit, his hair a distinguished gray, and always exuded a quiet confidence. Unlike many successful men of the era, he was kind and open, not serious and severe. Making no effort to be aloof, he would try to be helpful and humorous, and talk to people about their struggles and successes alike. Those who worked for him considered him grounded and compassionate. He wanted to change the world for the better, supporting many causes through his philanthropy. Splitting his time mostly between his film production company in the US and his estates across Europe, they traveled often, spending time in a variety of locales. 

He had married Christine in Inverness just three months after their first meeting, and they had been nearly inseparable ever since, exploring the world and each other alike. He loved life, and he loved sex. Oh god, did he ever. He was insatiable.

Peter was taken with Christine from the first moment he saw her across the room. Yet she seemed incomplete, perhaps a little broken in the way she had allowed herself to settle into a passionless routine, expecting nothing more from life than what others settled for. He saw in her so much more than that, waiting to be born. He had reached out, and in one motion changed both their lives. He looked at her now from across the room. 

She had chosen a small tattoo of a butterfly and had it inked on her shoulder in exactly the spot Peter first touched her. She always said that it represented the freedom that had come from their meeting and marriage. He so enjoyed making her happy.

She closed her eyes again, thinking of her wish, and how amazingly grateful she was that it had come true. 

"Hello, my darling." she heard from beside her. She opened her eyes. The man standing next to her was not her husband. Javier was a man with dark skin and hair, and darker eyes, a true Spaniard. He reached out and touched the butterfly, a signal that Peter had selected this man for her. She smiled as an equally lovely blonde gentleman walked up behind Javier and introduced himself. Alex was of Swedish descent and it showed. Tall, fairly pale, but beautifully structured, with royal blue eyes, he kept eye contact with Christine until she blushed. Peter had really outdone himself this evening.

"Shall we get some air?" Javier suggested, and Christine allowed each man to take her hand and she walked out into the breezy autumn air with two of the loveliest specimens in the room. As they walked toward the Four Seasons, her two suitors took turns lightly touching her shoulders, waist, hips, and ass, flirting with her all along the way, and getting to know one another. She occasionally dropped her hands to feel their hardness and their readiness for her. Her heart was racing. By the time they arrived at the room, she was so hungry for them.

The door to the room closed. She spun around and pushed herself into Javier's arms, kissing him full on the mouth. He put his arms around her waist in a warm embrace. She felt so very safe knowing these men were hand-picked by her lover to satisfy her this evening. Peter always chose wisely, and safely, and she knew there was never anything to fear in any way. Their tongues danced. She felt a kiss on the back of her neck - seduction. 

She reluctantly left Javier and met Alex's gaze behind her. She turned, and he kissed her neck ever so gently, moving the straps of her dress off her shoulder. The two men undressed her, until she was naked, exposed. With them still fully dressed, she felt like their plaything. An object they would use to fulfill themselves. They had been instructed well as to her desires.

She dropped to her knees, obedient and eager. "What can this little whore do for you?" she purred. 

They each took their cocks out for her to admire. While markedly different, she thought each one looked delicious. She started with Alex, unbuttoning him completely and dropping his pants to the floor. She gently took his balls in her left hand and rubbed the head of his cock against her lips with her right, feeling the soft texture, and loving his smell. She opened her mouth eagerly, not wanting to wait any longer. Not able to wait any longer. She swallowed his cock in her hot mouth, stroking it and applying further pressure with her tongue directly to the underside of his dick. He moaned. 

"Peter told us you were such a slut. Glad he was not exaggerating." he breathed. 

Christine released his cock from her mouth. "I am a slut. I will have both of you fucking my tight wet pussy tonight, and I will love it." she encouraged. She turned her head to see Javier patiently waiting his turn.

She moved him to the side of the bed, standing at attention, and crawled on top of the covers. Positioning herself on all fours, she faced Javier, and began to lick his dick, while opening her legs for Alex. Alex shed all his clothes, and lay beneath her, grabbing her hips and pulling her shaved pussy down onto his mouth. She was already so wet, her slit glistening. After a few minutes of working his tongue around her lips and pushing it into her, he was eager to put his cock into this married slut's pussy. 

He got up behind her and slid it in bare. Javier had been fucking Christine's mouth with abandon, but when Alex began jamming his cock into her, she groaned, took that cock out of her mouth and began to fist it, so she could talk dirty to them both. 

"Oh god, yes, fuck that married pussy with your cock like so many other guys. Use that pussy to get your cock off. I want your cum right in it." Alex had been told to shoot in her pussy as much and as many times as he could, so he saw no reason to hold back. He grabbed her hips and began slamming against her ass, pounding that pussy hard. 

"Yes, fill my cunt right now. Give me that cum!" she demanded! 

Alex felt the rising tension in his balls and knew he would be blasting off in mere moments. He took one final thrust and buried himself deep, losing his cum deep in her pussy. She moaned as she felt her very favorite thing, a man's sperm splashing her inside, so hot and wet in her. She was so anxious for more. 

Alex pulled out and slumped into a chair near the bed, watching the show in front of him eagerly. Christine had continued lightly pumping Javier's cock, keeping him hard and ready for her. She rolled onto her back and put her feet flat on the bed with her knees up. She spread her legs. 

"Get over here and keep fucking me with your big prick." she asked of him. 

He obliged her, standing on the floor and parting her thighs further. Her hole was wet and inviting as he slid in, feeling Alex's hot seed already inside her. Javier's dick was about the same length as Alex's but much thicker. This posed no problem though as she was already slightly stretched and lubed for him. Nevertheless, his cock stretched her even more, filling her so completely. He stroked inside her for a bit, and decided that when he came he wanted to really drive it deep into her. He climbed up on top of her, parting her thighs further. She wrapped her toned legs around him pulling him in deeper, and clawing at his back. 

"Oh yes baby, fuck that slutty pussy. It already has one load in it and needs another. Do you feel how wet it is? That's another guys cum in my pussy. Give me yours too!" she cried. 

Javier had rarely heard a married woman talk like this and he knew he couldn't hold out much longer. He slipped his hands under her ass and began to ram her pussy deep. He let himself go. As he did, Christine came underneath him, hard, and pulled his ass down with her hands to get him as deep into her as she could. He bucked once and exploded, unleashing a hot flood into her. She groaned as she got her second load of the night, so deep into her hot cunt. 

Alex was at half mast by now, watching the scene in front of him. Christine was a sweaty mess, her hair plastered to her cheek, a thin sheen of perspiration over her entire body, particularly her chest in between her lovely B cup breasts. Her dark nipples were hardened points. Javier climbed off of her, his cock never really completely softening. Perhaps he had taken a little blue pill before this evening's activities. 

He positioned himself at her face, and she reached up to fist him. Alex climbed onto the bed next to her, kissing her neck and down to her nipples, swirling his tongue around them. Christine swung her leg over his hips and climbed up on top, grabbing for his dick and positioning it at the lips of her slit that were smeared with cum. She pushed down on him, craving another orgasm, and ground her crotch against his, creating a friction she knew she could use to get off. She went back to stroking Javier's dick right next to her face. 

"How have you been enjoying this married pussy guys? Do you think it has enough cum in it, or does it need some more? My husband will get to fuck it later you know. He likes being last after a bunch of other guys have used it. He likes it when I'm happy and he knows I'm only happy if I'm a total whore." 

She spouted all of this while grinding on Alex's cock, and he didn't even get a chance to signal that he was cumming before he started spurting again into her. Javier took over jacking his own cock right in front of Christine's face, and shot onto her lips, neck and breasts before collapsing onto the bed on the other side of her.

The three lovers, satisfied, but a total mess, showered. Christine soaped their pricks while they worshiped her body, massaging her all over with sudsy soap, cleaning her well used pussy, and giving her light kisses. She stroked each of them to climax once more. They each sprayed their loads against her belly and shaved bare pussy, then got out of the shower leaving her to finish up and prepare for her last lover of the night. 

When she had put on her black lingerie, reapplied her makeup and lotion, and walked out of the bathroom, Alex and Javier were gone. She lay on the bed and closed her eyes. 

"Did you enjoy that?" she asked Peter, who had watched everything from the balcony. 

"Very much so." he said, his voice moving closer. "Happy Anniversary, my darling." 

She turned her head toward his voice, and opened her eyes.