 It was a beautiful Spring night, or rather, early morning, as he drove his cab across 53rd Street cruising for a fare. He thought about his recent decision not to re-up and decided, for the umpteenth time, that he had made the right choice. He served two tours in Iraq with the Marines and managed to get through relatively unscathed, thank goodness. Brad had rugged good looks, a 6’4” frame and looked every inch the Marine Sgt. He had been for the past 4 years. 

He always wanted to be a writer and is now doing something about it since he’s attending writing classes at the New School and making decent money driving around the city at night. During the daytime, before heading off to his class three times a week, he is working on his first novel. He had started it when he was in the service and was well into it by now. He had an outgoing personality and enjoyed conversation with his passengers since he liked people in general. His good looks and personality led to fairly frequent sexual encounters with some of his passengers and, since he was bisexual, his chances were doubled. 

He had just crossed Park Avenue when a heavyset older woman stepped out of a restaurant and hailed his cab. When he pulled to a stop alongside the curb, she got in with some effort and gave him an address in the East 70’s. He turned to look at her as she told him the address and saw that she was actually a very good looking woman with a beautiful, chiseled face somewhat like Katherine Hepburn. The rest of her was totally uninteresting to him as she was built like a dumpy, flatchested dowager. He guessed she was in her 60’s. It turns out that she’s a widow for a number of years now and is doing a lot of charity work to keep busy. Brad pulled up to her building and saw that, instead of the apartment house he had been expecting, it was a beautiful private townhouse. She paid him, including a generous tip, and thanked him for the pleasant conversation. 

She started to get out of the cab and suddenly cried out and fell to the ground. He jumped out of the car and helped her to her feet but she said she couldn’t put any weight on her ankle as she must have sprained it. He half carried her to the front door and she opened it as he helped her into the living room. She sat there a moment catching her breath and he asked if there was anything he could do for her before he left. 

She looked up at him and her eyes locked with his as she asked if she could please suck his cock. She’s been longing to suck a cock for a long time and it just reached the boiling point tonight. She offered him money but he told her that he wasn’t a whore and wasn’t interested in her money. Her pleading eyes got to him and he told her that, as soon as it’s over, he has to get back to work and she fully agreed. She asked him to stand in front of her and reached up and unfastened his belt buckle and then unbuttoned his pants, zipped down his fly and let his pants drop around his ankles. She pulled his jockeys down and his cock sprang out along with a beautiful, full set of balls. Her eyes locked on his penis and she licked her lips as she ran her fingers over it from the crown to the thick base and then over his tight ball sac. 

She leaned forward and took each of his balls in her mouth and sucked them as she ran her tongue all over them and teased his anus with her fingers. He knew that he was in for a beautiful blowjob so he asked her if her could lay down and relax while she worked him over and she pulled her mouth from his balls and helped him step out of his pants and shorts and asked him to lay back on the couch and relax. He suddenly realized that she had hopped off the couch to help him undress with nary a limp so he asked her how her ankle feels and she smiled up at him as she settled down between his legs and told him it was a miracle cure just before starting to worship his thick penis.

She started licking his cock from the base, all around the shaft slowly working her way up to the flared crown. When she reached the deep ridge around the smooth, sloped crown, she licked it all around and then noticed a large drop of precum welling out of the tiny slit so she captured it with her deft tongue. She looked up at him and told him how delicious he tastes and then took his crown between her lips and started nursing on it while she tugged on his balls and played with his anus. She was constantly moaning softly as she sucked his cock and the vibrations were giving him a humjob and the feelings she was giving him were very special and he was enjoying everything that she did to him. 

She made him feel that her mouth was the most beautiful thing that ever happened to him and he surrendered himself to it completely as she began bobbing her head up and down and sucking firmly on his thick penis. Then she tried to take as much of his cock down her throat as possible and, to his surprise, had most of it swallowed before she had to stop. She held him deep and as she swallowed around his thick shaft, she milked his penis and sent shivers of pleasure throughout his body. He had experienced many blowjobs in his lifetime, from both males and females, but she was giving him one of the best he’s ever had and he was off on a wonderful high as he allowed her mouth to own him completely. 

She knew how to bring him up and down from his highs so that she could prolong his orgasm and enjoy the experience as long as possible. He could see that she loved cock and was enjoying every minute of sucking him so he tried to delay his orgasm by thinking of something else, other than sex but after some time, he felt it coming and his organ swelled and began spurting gobs of cum into her voracious mouth which she delightedly swallowed as spasm after spasm deposited cum on her tongue. She kept sucking his penis long after his last spasm ended and he finally had to suggest that it was time he got back to work so she lifted her mouth from his half hard organ and reluctantly agreed. 

As he dressed, she handed him her personal card and asked him to call anytime he’s in the neighborhood, no matter what the hour since she realizes he works nights, as she wants to be fed again as soon as possible. He told her he would and thanked her for one of the most beautiful and satisfying blowjobs he’s ever had and then he left. 

When he got back in his cab, he looked at her card and thought about her fantastic talent in sucking cock and just knew he’d drop by again sometime. Then he put the car in gear and went back to cruising the streets.  

The days passed quickly as he was either driving his cab, going to school or working on his novel, which he thought, was coming along very nicely. There was a convention at the Javits Center and midtown was crowded with tourists which made business brisk all through the night. One night, he was cruising down 11th Avenue near the Javits Center when he was hailed by a couple who looked like they just came out of the convention center. They were a very attractive couple in their 40’s and very personable so conversation started easily. They were from Columbus, Ohio and were in town for the International Art Expo as they were interested in buying some art for their new home. They gave him the address of the Regency Hotel on Park Avenue so he realized they have plenty of moolah. 

When he pulled up in front of the hotel, the doorman came over immediately to open the door but he asked him to wait a while as they were not ready to get out yet. When the doorman walked away, Brad turned and looked at the man with his eyebrows raised and the guy explained by telling him that they are only going to be in town a few nights and are very interested in experiencing something they have been talking about for years. They both like him very much and would like to know if he would join them in a threesome right now. He was surprised at the bluntness but, as he looked them both over, decided to let his cock think for him and asked them for their room number. He told them to go on up and he would park the cab and come up and join them.

Luckily he found a spot just around the corner and followed them up about five minutes later. When he knocked on the door, the guy opened it and showed him in introducing himself as Jason Cartwright and his wife, Joy. He went to the minibar and asked if he wanted something to drink and Brad told him he was fine right now and would ask when he was thirsty. He looked at Jason and told him that he doesn’t have a lot of time as he has to get back to work so, if they would like to play, he would like to undress. He could see that he caught them off guard and they didn’t know what to do so he started to remove his clothes until he stood before them naked. Two pair of eyes were roving over every part of his body and then Joy walked over to him and took his thickening shaft in her hand and asked if she could try it out for size. Not waiting for an answer, she dropped to her knees and began licking his balls and shaft. 

Suddenly, Jason dropped down alongside her and both took turns on his cock and balls. He let them lick and suck a while and then asked them to undress and hop into bed with him so they can really have some fun. 

He made himself comfortable and leaned back on the pillows as he watched them get out of their clothes. Joy was a very attractive woman with a very curvy body and looked like she would make a great sex partner and when Jason turned around, his eyes fixed on Jason’s delicious looking penis and large, full balls. Joy got on one side of him and Jason on the other and both began touching him all over his body including his sexual organs. His penis was fully erect and Joy leaned over and licked a drop of precum off the tip and commented on its delicious flavor as Jason came down and wanted to taste some also. The two of them kept my precum flowing for quite some time before Joy announced that she just had to have his cock inside her. She didn’t care which hole he chose as long as he filled it with his cock. 

He told her to lay back and open wide and fit the head of his penis to her wet and ready vagina and pushed the entire crown inside as she gasped in pleasure. He kept feeding her cock until she couldn’t take anymore and then he started stroking in and out of her cunt and each time he thrust deep, his crown would brush her cervix and she would moan in ecstasy. He motioned for Jason to come over and had him stand in front of him and feed him his erection to suck. Jason was there in a flash and held this beautiful, totally irresistible penis in front of his face. Brad covered the entire crown with his lips and began to nurse on his organ as he fucked Joy and the three of them went off on a fantastic high from which they never wanted to return, except that Joy started to buck underneath him and moan as she went into orgasm and he felt her hot juices cover his thickness. 

Then Jason grabbed his head and held it on his cock as he threw his head back and Brad felt his penis swell so he backed off a bit to catch the cum on his tongue so he could savor the flavor before swallowing it. He swallowed every spurt until the last spasm and then squeezed the thick shaft from the base up to bring up the last drops of cum which he sucked off the tip. Jason sighed and moved away and he withdrew his organ from Joy and lay down between them.  

Both of them looked at Brad’s thick erection and realized that he hadn’t cum as yet. Joy asked if she could suck him to orgasm and Jason suggested that he and Joy play Russian Roulette and take turns sucking Brad to orgasm and whoever gets the first shot of cum on their tongue wins. Joy agreed and the two of them got comfortable on each leg and began taking turns on his entire crotch from his asshole to his balls to his penis. He knew that both of them were totally into what they were doing to him and were enjoying it as much as he was which was even more of a turn on for him. 

He loved feeding his organ to people who really appreciated it as much as he appreciated theirs and the way both of them were licking, sucking and teasing him, they had him high in a short time. Jason had his mouth around Brad’s cockhead when it suddenly jerked and started shooting ropes of cum into his mouth. Joy pushed him aside in time to catch the last couple of spurts in her mouth and she licked her lips and thanked him for the delicious drink as the two of them kept squeezing his softening penis to try and get more cum. He got up after a few minutes rest and started dressing as he explained that he had to get back to work. 

Jason asked if there was a way for them to contact him so Brad gave him his personal card and told them to call him in advance next time they’re coming in town and he’ll definitely get together with them as they haven’t even scratched the surface of interesting things they can try with each other. He turned to leave and didn’t want to look back at them for fear his cock would take over as he really had to get back to work.

A few nights later, he was driving down Fifth Avenue, when he saw a very good looking, tall, distinguished gentleman hailing his cab and pulled over to pick him up. When he got into the cab, he gave Brad an address on the Upper Westside and then started a conversation about the Yankee-Red Sox series that was starting that night in Yankee Stadium. He was a rabid Yankee fan and, since Brad was also, they got along fine talking baseball. When Brad pulled up to the address on Riverside Drive, his passenger paid the fare along with a generous tip and then, as if on a whim, asked Brad if he would like to come in and join him in a nightcap. As soon as he said this, Brad figured he was gay and looking for some action. Since he was a very attractive man and the thought of some good sex crossed his mind, Brad accepted and pulled his cab into an empty parking spot and followed the guy into the building.  

When they reached the elevator, Thomas introduced himself as did Brad and they went up to the penthouse floor where Thomas opened his apartment door and they walked into a gorgeous foyer overlooking a step down living room with floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the Hudson River. Tom made him a drink and went inside to make himself more comfortable as Brad stood at the window, sipping his drink as he looked at the magnificent scene before him.  

A few minutes later, Tom came back wearing a silk robe and telling Brad that he was just at a very boring dinner party and is very glad to be home with some interesting company. In the course of conversation, he told Brad that he’s recently divorced and was married for so long, he’s uncomfortable in the singles scene, and can’t stand the blind dates his friends have been arranging for him. He also mentioned that lately, he’s been curious about man to man sex and the thought of it has been prominent in his fantasies. Brad matter of factly asked if he would like to give it a try right now and Tom’s face lit up when he realized his fantasies would be coming true. 

Brad asked him to stand up and come over in front of him and then undid the belt of the robe and opened it revealing a very thick, long penis with a large flared crown and a pair of full, tight balls hanging down behind it. Brad ran his hands over the full ball sac and then up and down the thick shaft before grasping the beautiful tool in his hand and guiding the head to his lips. Tom let out a long sigh as Brad’s lips encircled his crown and he started moaning and gasping as Brad nursed firmly on his organ while playing with his balls and anus. After a few minutes of this, Tom asked if they could please go into the bedroom since his legs were getting weak and he’d like to lie down. 

When they walked into the bedroom, Brad started to undress and Tom slipped off his robe and lay down on the bed as he watched him get naked. Brad removed his shorts and turned to walk to the bed and Tom’s eyes never left his organ the whole time. As he got on the bed, Tom reached out and ran his fingers over Brad’s hardening penis and tight balls and was licking his lips in anticipation. Brad lay down on his side in a 69 position and rested his head on Tom’s thigh and gazed at the gorgeous cock in front of him. Tom, meanwhile, had gotten on his side also and did the same and was looking at the beautiful organs displayed in front of his eyes. He was running his fingers over the thick organ and telling Brad how beautiful it was. Then he couldn’t wait any longer and swooped down on the erection and started sucking the head and playing with the big balls. 

Brad covered the crown with his lips and nursed on it as he ran the tip of his tongue over and into the tiny slit. Tom pulled his head from Brad’s penis a few times to tell him how absolutely delicious his organ tasted and how much he was enjoying his first cock. Brad had to caution him a couple of times about watching his teeth so that he doesn’t scrape the shaft but otherwise, Tom was doing a nice job on his cock and really was enjoying it from his sexy comments. 

Brad loved the taste of his cock and when he started to get some precum out, he had to tell Tom how delicious it was. Tom lifted his head and told him that he loves the taste of his precum and masturbates often so that he can feed himself some. Brad smiled to himself, since he did the same thing, and then started to deep throat the magnificent penis in his mouth. As Brad took more and more cock in his mouth, Tom gasped from the intense sensations and lost himself in the pleasures of sucking and being sucked. Suddenly Brad heard a primeval sound as Tom’s penis jerked down his throat and shot a load of cum deep inside which he quickly swallowed to keep from choking before backing off to receive the next spurts on his tongue so that he could taste him before swallowing him. He loved the taste of Tom’s cum and sucked deeply on the thick pole as he squeezed the shaft up from the base to get the last drops. 

They kept sucking each other long after Tom’s orgasm until suddenly, Tom lifted his head and asked Brad if he would like to fuck him. Brad told him to assume his favorite position since he has just the perfect piece of equipment to do the job and he waved his throbbing erection in front of him as Tom got down on his hands and knees and offered him his full, sexy ass. He happened to have a very sexy ass and his asshole looked like a vagina since it had lips on each side of it. He rubbed his precum all over the puckered hole and then pushed the head inside as Tom gasped and then started describing to him how good it was starting to feel. After his crown was sliding smoothly in the tight orifice, he began stroking it in and out in slow sensuous thrusts and all he heard was a constant stream of moans, gasps and exclamations of joy as Tom begged him not to stop. 

He reached around and grasped Tom’s half hard penis in his hand and began stroking it as he fucked him. He had been thrusting himself deep inside Tom’s ass when he felt his orgasm approaching. He kept thrusting deep inside the comfortable hole until his penis exploded in a series of spasms which shot load after load of his hot cum into the receptive hole. Tom was beside himself in ecstasy as he felt the hot cum pumping into his anus and he squeezed his muscles to try and milk more cum out of the gorgeous piece of meat filling his ass. When they finally broke apart and lay back to relax, Tom confessed that his first time was a total success as he loved everything they did and that he really would like to see him again. After cleaning up and dressing, he gave his card to Tom and told him to call anytime since he would really like to see more of him also. 

Tom handed him his card and Brad shoved it in his pocket without looking at it and said goodbye to him but not before grasping his slowly hardening penis in his hand for a parting shake. Tom told him to think about him because he was going to masturbate now while he relived the events of the night and Brad had to fight the impulse to stay for more fun but he turned and left. When he got into his cab, he fished out the card and saw that Tom was an executive vice president of Random House Publishing! Now he knew he definitely had to pursue a relationship with Tom as this might be his chance to get his novel published as soon as it was finished and besides, he really enjoyed Tom’s penis and ass anyway so it wouldn’t be any kind of hardship. He cruised the streets until his shift was over thinking about all the possibilities that Tom could offer him and was excited by the prospects. 
