 This is part four of our story. While it can be read individually, reading previous chapters may help you to get to know Christine and Peter better. We join our story in progress - Peter had arranged a threesome for Christine with two men for their two year anniversary, while he had watched from the shadows, and fucked her afterwards. The next morning, he took her again, forcefully.

*****

It was true, Christine did in fact have to go to work, and Peter had a day full of meetings before a premiere that evening of a French foreign language film. She would of course be his plus one. She found it difficult to concentrate at work, as sexual thoughts tended to fill her head. Luckily, she had opened her own boutique brand agency with some family money, and believed in hiring a brilliant team to run day to day operations, so she could always afford a quiet day if needed. The company was self-sustaining.

She stopped home after work, and selected a lovely black and white striped dress that showed off her toned legs and thighs. There would be pictures the next week on Fashion Police, as the team discussed whether this outfit was "too slutty" for the wife of a studio head. Three out of four panelists would agree that it was, but she didn't care. Peter would love it. 

She arrived and walked the red carpet, knowing she would meet Peter in the lobby, as he was almost certainly pressing the flesh. What she saw when she arrived was not exactly a surprise. Peter Walsh was always surrounded by beautiful women. He wore a soft grey suit this evening, and was in deep conversation with a very young brunette in a red dress. Was she an intern, perhaps? No. There was something odd about this girl. Were you to compare her with Christine, one would say they were similar in type, but this girl was no older than twenty. On top of that, she had about a full cup size on her, and dazzling eyes, moving and speaking with a confidence she had only seen in one other person she knew - Peter. They seemed to alternate between affectionate banter and bitter argument. Christine was not yet in view so she spent a few moments using the other guests and media as a shield to watch her husband and this mysterious stranger. 

It was undeniable. If Christine had to guess, she would have ventured that this girl had known her husband all his life, yet she knew most of his close female acquaintances and conquests, and had never heard of her. This should be interesting...

She strode over to them confidently. She was, after all, Mrs. Peter Walsh. They interrupted their conversation, and switched from French to English. Christine knew Peter was fluent in several languages, so this was not a red flag of any sort. 

"Ah, this must be your lovely wife I have been hearing all about." the girl said with little enthusiasm and thinly veiled bitterness. Her accent was clearly French, and up close she was even more stunning. 

"Yes, let me introduce Christine. Christine, this is Madeline, an old friend." 

An old friend, Christine wondered. When exactly did they get together? It is obvious being in proximity to them that this girl had clearly had her husband, and had him more than once. Had it been a recent affair, and he told her nothing about it? It must clearly have been when she was younger - she would soon hear a story from Peter about how he had seduced an innocent sixteen year old French girl, she was sure.

"Pyotr, she is quite lovely, as you have said, but does she know how to please you, and will she accept you? Your happiness is my only concern." 

Bitch! Who does she think she is? Christine was somewhat in shock being spoken of this way, first as if she wasn't standing right there, and second, having her relationship and sexual adequacy questioned by a child! The words stuck in her throat and she turned to Peter (Pyotr? What the fuck was that about anyway? That isn't French.) for help.

"Madeline, that is quite enough! This is my wife and you will afford her the same respect you afford me. I have told you she makes me incredibly happy and you must accept that." 

He turns to Christine apologetically "I'm so sorry my dear. Madeline has spent quite a bit of money on this film and is nervous about its opening. Please forgive her. She has always meant well."

Christine had too many questions swirling in her head and needed to get her husband alone to ask them. That seemed impossible in the moment so she pivoted to another topic. "Well Madeline, your film, what is it about?" she managed. 

"The Battle of Agincourt, my dear. I am sure it means nothing to you, as it does to most Americans, but it is a passion of mine. History, that is." And with that she looked up a Peter with an undisguised longing. 

Peter knew when to make an exit, and also knew significant damage had already been done that he would likely be paying for later. "Well, bon courage, mademoiselle. We will see you soon at the after party." He kissed her hand, ever the gentleman.

He took his wife by the arm and moved toward the theater with her. Glancing back, Christine saw Madeline's eyes moisten as she watched them go. In that moment, as much as she wanted to claw the girls' eyes out a few minutes past, she felt a deep sympathy for her. Something was hurting her very much, and she suspected that it was seeing Peter happy, and with another woman. 

The film was quite good, but very sad. The reviews would call it an "elegiac longing for another time" and "a romantic but unapproachable work." Madeline had a producer credit and a story credit on the film, Christine noted. Madeline Aries. The after party seemed to be a somber affair. While everyone was very polite, no one seemed to have much sense that this film would perform in any way, at least in the US. Madeline seemed to brush it off as if she already knew the Americas were a lost cause. She stole glances at Peter and Christine occasionally as they mingled. Christine pulled her husband aside as soon as it was feasible to find out what was going on.

"You've had a relationship with her, haven't you?" she asked directly. Peter had never lied to her. Ever. But he had certainly omitted quite a great deal. Still, he wasn't going to start now. 

"Yes, I'm sorry, my darling. I had inquired and was told she wasn't coming. I had very much wanted to see the film. I knew how important it was to her. But I wouldn't have put you through that if I had known. You see what she's like." 

Christine felt a bit of a lump in her throat to hear how important this woman was to him that he needed to see her film, but she pressed on. 

"But your relationship with her was before we met? That's all I want to know. You just never said anything about her and I need to know that. Everything else can come later." 

He hesitated. "Yes, it was before we met. But I would be lying if I said she wasn't very important to me. It...it would never have worked, but I know she loved me deeply. Sometimes people have a connection, but that doesn't mean they can spend the entire rest of their lives together. Trust me, she has a good soul, and a good heart. She just has a difficult time with the world sometimes."

Christine sighed. She loved this man, but this was the first time in two years she felt she wasn't getting the full truth. Rather than go on the defensive, and lose ground in his eyes, she made a tactical decision in the moment to be the bigger woman. And she felt she had to let Peter know that she trusted him completely. 

"Okay, love. I trust you. I can see how important she is to you, which means I have to know her better. She seems so sad tonight. Perhaps we should take her home and try to cheer her up?" 

Peter smiled. He loved this woman, and she never failed to amaze, but they were on dangerous fucking ground. While Christine didn't know what she was getting herself into, he did suppose that Madeline would be more accepting of her if she knew her more intimately. 

"Okay, do you want to tell her or should I?" he said with a wink. 

"You can. I feel like you two need a moment alone anyway. Meet me at home."

She watched as Peter crossed the room, and touched Madeline's shoulder. Christine shuddered and wondered if she was making a terrible mistake. That simple gesture was the exact one he had made to her their very first meeting, and where her butterfly now resided. Madeline listened to Peter for a few minutes as he was clearly trying to make peace and explain the situation. Madeline looked down for a moment when he was finished, and then back up into Peter's eyes, and embraced him. He held her back, trying to comfort her. He looked over to where Christine was standing, but she was gone. 

Christine went home fighting back a tear or two. She hadn't felt this way in two years of marriage. She had always felt safe and secure in her relationship with Peter, never once questioning his love and affection for her. She had never doubted their connection. She still didn't, but now she had a suspicion that their union wasn't as unique and special as she thought. 

The truth was that her husband had secrets and a past love affair with another woman. Woman? More like a girl. Perhaps their secret was just that he was ashamed to have been with such a young girl? What were the laws on something like that in France? She had no idea, but suspected it was more forgiving for an older man to be with a young girl there. 

How much did she really know about his past anyway? He had traveled so extensively, it seemed he had an excellent working knowledge of most cities they visited. But she always attributed this to his interests and success. 

Still, he himself had not given her any reason to doubt his love for HER, and that was what mattered most. It was still possible she could control this situation somewhat. And yes, there was a part of her that wanted to prove herself to this girl. To prove she was worthy of Peter.

The door opened and Peter and Madeline arrived. Madeline walked over to her, and kissed her on each cheek. Was this genuine, or the kiss of Judas, she wondered. 

"I'm so sorry Christine, for my behavior tonight. Seeing Pyotr and you together has been quite difficult for me, I won't deny it. When I heard of his marriage I stayed away, but I wanted to meet this woman that I hear is so important to him, perhaps the way I was." 

At this, she shed a single tear. Peter was out of earshot, fixing drinks. This was not for his benefit, so Christine gave her a pass, and just assumed she was an emotional being. Perhaps they were not so different, but that wasn't exactly a comforting thought. Did she really want to be Madeline 2.0?

Madeline was staring into her eyes, looking for what? Forgiveness? Compassion? A fatal flaw she could exploit to get back into Peter's life permanently? 

Christine knew that she preferred to be present for this inevitable act. She would rather Peter fuck this girl in front of her, with her, rather than be tempted to visit her privately. She would make the first move. 

She kissed Madeline on the cheek softly, tasting the salt of her tear with her tongue. The girl did smell amazing. It was surely a soft and sweet perfume to complement her natural scent. Her skin was so soft that it was almost hypnotic to touch her. She could see why Peter would be drawn to this girl. Who wouldn't be? She moved to her lips, kissing her softly to see how she would respond. Madeline waited a moment then opened her mouth, allowing Christine's tongue entrance. Their tongues began to battle, slowly at first, then with more aggression, seeking dominance over the encounter. 

Peter had returned with the drinks, but was now watching with fascination from several feet away as his past lover and his wife were locked in a very wet and passionate kiss. Passion after all includes more emotions than love alone, and he felt this would be a complicated pairing, but inevitable, if Christine was going to be in his life. 

Madeline unzipped Christine's dress in the back, and traced her fingers across her flesh, running one hand down her lower back toward her ass. There it stayed, while with her other hand, she pulled the black and white dress away from her flesh and let it pool around her feet on the floor. Not to be put at too much of a disadvantage, Christine slid the straps of Madeline's red dress down, and pulled the top of the dress down, freeing her breasts.

Here Christine gasped, despite herself. Madeline's breasts were ample, and perfect, with soft pink nipples set in the center of milky white globes. She sunk to her knees, cupping a breast in her hand and opening her mouth to take the nipple inside. Madeline ran her hands through Christine's hair and smiled as she accepted the worship of her breasts. After a few minutes of this, Christine attempted to regain the initiative, and removed the rest of the red dress blocking her view of Madeline's pussy. 

Her hair was neatly trimmed, leaving her pink pussy lips exposed. Of course she wore no panties. Christine stood, and led Madeline to the bedroom, pushing her back onto the bed and sinking to her knees. She would show this girl something of pleasure. Peter followed them, his interest rising. Madeline grabbed Christine's head and pulled it to her crotch. Christine didn't waver, and not only dove in with her tongue, but also began to finger the soft pink pussy in front of her with two fingers, and then three. Madeline began to breathe heavily, as Christine worked her pussy. 

Behind them, Peter removed his clothes and began to stroke his cock gently, rising to full hardness fairly quickly. Madeline came abruptly when she saw Peter's exposed cock being fisted. Her eyes hungered for it and her body shuddered as his wife ate her out. 

"Mmmm. I see why Peter likes you." she mused "Let me return the favor my dear." 

She positioned Christine on her back on the bed, away from Peter, and crawled to her pussy. Christine realized that Peter was directly behind Madeline and would have a perfect opportunity to begin fucking her young pussy. Wanting to appear open to this, she again tried to make the first move. "Peter, I know it's been awhile since you fucked that beautiful pussy. Go ahead my darling and fuck it. You can even cum in it if you want to. Don't hold back." She hoped she sounded convincing. The truth is that she wanted his seed in her pussy first, but didn't want to seem selfish or insecure. 

He moved forward, and while Madeline's tongue made contact with Christine's cunt, her husband's cock was pushing into another woman's pussy. She had watched this scene before, but Christine saw the pure joy on Madeline's face when she received Peter's cock again. Who knows how long it had been since their last coupling?

She resolved to enjoy the head she was getting and also get off on watching her husband plow a gorgeous young girl. Madeline was incredibly talented, and while she was feeling all sorts of emotions, not the least of which was jealousy, she wouldn't be able to hold out for long against her talented tongue, and young slender fingers. Good. She would come and then perhaps they could change positions. 

"Oh God, you're going to make me cum, you little slut. Keep fingering that pussy until I CUM!" Christine cried out as she climaxed.

Of course, seeing his wife lose herself with his former lover drove Peter over the edge more quickly than he expected. It didn't help that he was buried to the hilt in one of the hottest, tightest cunts he had ever experienced, one of his favorites, and his load rushed out in a torrent into the young girl. Both Christine and Peter's eyes were closed during their orgasms, but had they been looking, they would have seen a sly smile spread on Madeline's face as she captured that cum deep where she felt it belonged. 

Christine knew she lost the first round, if having an earth shaking orgasm could be considered a loss. But she felt she was well positioned for round two. It was most assuredly her turn to get properly fucked. 

"Peter, you had better get hard again and fuck your wife if you know what's good for you." She lay back and toyed with her own pussy, spreading her lips with her left hand, while slipping two fingers in from her right. She began pumping them in and out to entice the man. 

"Allow me to be of some assistance, and please, feel free to have a taste of what belongs to you." Madeline offered helpfully. She positioned her dripping cunt over Christine's face, pressing her snatch against her mouth. Christine received the gift gratefully. The mix of her husband's cum and the young girls juices helped drive her over the edge. She knew this act would be enough to get her husband hard enough to fuck her, and with Madeline's help, she was right. 

The nubile young girl helped Peter reach full hardness by taking him all into her mouth and cleaning her own juices from him. She then placed his cock at the entrance to his own wife's pussy as he thrust home. Watching his wife on her back, her athletic body breaking out into a sweat as he pumped into her, he knew that both these women were eternally part of his life, but that Christine was the love of his life. Madeline bent over, tonguing Peters cock as he pulled out, and Christine's lips and clit as he pushed in. 

Peter's orgasm approached. Christine was working her tongue up Madeline's cunt and was otherwise occupied. And so when Peter was close, Madeline seized the opportunity, and popped his cock out of his wife's cunt and into her own eager mouth. She acted quickly, and took his cock all the way to her throat, where his cum began shooting. He sighed, enjoying the sheer perversity of the moment, fucking his wife's pussy and finishing off in another girl's mouth. It was perfect. 

Madeline lifted herself off of Christine and moved up toward her mouth to kiss her deeply and show off Peter's cum. Christine felt like she had lost control. Her husband had ejaculated into another woman's pussy and mouth, and she had to rely on that woman to share his spunk with her. Under normal circumstances this would not be enormously difficult to handle, but with everything that went on that day, she felt like second place. After a long deep kiss, Madeline broke it off and walked over to Peter, kissing him as well, and wishing him goodnight. 

Her work was finished. In just one day she had planted the seeds of doubt in both their minds. She could wait, she thought; she had all the time in the world. Slipping into her red dress, Madeline then slipped out the door.

"Peter?" Christine nearly whined, "I need your cum tonight, just for me. Just once?" She knew what else he needed to hear to help him out, so she said it. "I loved seeing you pound that young pussy. It looked so hot the way you drilled into her, stretching that little pink hole. I know you liked shooting your load in her." 

She walked over to him and took his cock in her hand and straddled his lap. "Do you want to pretend that my pussy is hers? Do you want to shoot your load into Madeline's pussy again?" 

He was stiff in her hand now, and she eased onto him, knowing she would finally get what her pussy deserved, some nice sticky sperm. "Go ahead and fuck her pussy, baby. Forget about your wife and just fuck that young pussy until you cum. That's right, baby. That's right." 

She bounced up and down and she finally felt him shooting into her. She sighed with relief. "Mmmmm, good boy. That's a very good boy."

There were tears in her eyes.

They went to sleep without another word, but the truth was apparent. Madeline was not ancient history. She was part of Peter's life again, if she had ever left it, and now she was part of Christine's. While the sex had been great, for the first time in two years, Christine had no idea what the future would hold.