 I got back to my apartment on Thursday afternoon at about 4:30, after my weekly two-hour child psychology seminar. I kicked off my shoes, leafed through the mail, and saw the red message light on my answering machine blinking. Two messages. First message: "Hi Amy, it's Janie. Wondered if you might like to go out for a bite this evening, say around 6:30? Give me a call back before five if you can make it. Thanks, bye." Second message: Nice male voice. Deep. "Hello, Amy. This is Robert Davis calling. We, uh, met two weeks ago, and while you may not have gotten my name, you left an indelible impression. If you have a few minutes, there is something I'd like to discuss with you at your convenience. My number is 555-4556. Please give me a call. Hope to talk to you soon. Bye"

I wondered what this could be all about. I was sure the "indelible impression" was from the "party" at the theater-in-the-round two weeks earlier, where Janie and I had indulged ourselves in a session in which I had basically fulfilled every fantasy I had ever had in a period of about three hours! I had kind of expected a guy or two, no doubt hoping for a one-on-one encore, to call, but so far no one had – somewhat surprisingly I have to admit. Janie and I had lunch together about a week later, but I hadn't seen her either since then.

OK, Robert Davis, let's see what you're all about. I dialed. One ring, two rings, three r... "Hello, Bob Davis. Same nice deep voice. "Hello, Mr. Davis, this is Amy returning your call."

"Amy, good of you to get back to me, I appreciate it. Amy, I've been here in town for just over two weeks now, and I'm flying back to California early tomorrow morning. I know it's really short notice, but if you have a little time free this evening, I'd like to buy you dinner and discuss something I think you will find intriguing. You pick the restaurant; I can pick you up at 7. I'll have you back by 9, I promise."

"Mr. Davis, the invitation is really very generous, but honestly, I don't know who you are or anything about you, how can I go out to dinner with you, just like that?" 

"We met at the theater-in-the-round a couple of weeks ago. I think you'll know me when you see me. If it'll make you more comfortable, you can come to the restaurant on your own and I'll meet you there. And, Amy, there's no need to be formal, please call me Bob."

So he had seen me "perform." I swallowed a couple of times. I may even have blushed a little. Oh well, wasn't some interest inevitable after all? Let him buy me a prime steak.

"All right, Mr. Davis, the "Chez Angus" steak house is over on Fifth, three blocks from the west end of the campus. I will meet you there at 7. But just so there is no misunderstanding, this is just for dinner, I'm serious.

OK, Amy, I understand. The "Chez Angus" at seven it is. I'll be wearing black pants and a black turtle neck. I'll get us a reservation and I'll be there a few minutes early. See you later.

Now I really was curious. Oh well, I was on a tight student's budget, and if nothing else I would have a terrific meal I couldn't afford on my own. I had purposely chosen the most expensive restaurant I knew in the area.

I called Janie and told her about the invite. "Sounds interesting," she said, definitely go – we can have dinner another night, but call me after you get back this evening. I'm curious. "OK," I said, "I'll call you sometime between 9:30 and 10. If you don't hear from me by 10, send out the Royal Canadian Mounted Police."

It was 5:15. I stripped and got into the shower. The hot water felt wonderful. I washed my hair and shaved. I savored the appearance of my shaved slit, although I had been its sole admirer since the party. I liked feeling so sexy underneath, while at the same my outward demeanor could remain as prim as I chose. What would Robert Davis know?

I put on a tiny see-through thong and see-through bra, but under a white blouse and black slacks. No micro-miniskirt tonight; modest black pumps. A bit of blue eye shadow, not overdone, small gold earrings. Just like a job interview.

I left for the restaurant at 6:45. I drove a five-year-old Toyota Camry, bought it used with 78,000 miles on it, but it was reliable as always, and I was in front of "Chez Angus" in less than ten minutes. I found a space half a block away on the street; they had valet, but it was a splurge for me. The restaurant was dark, clubby masculine, with hunting pictures of foxes and hounds on the walls, and booths with Chesterfield style benches. There was a background drone of busy conversation and the occasional clinking of glass that conjured up the image of perhaps serious business being conducted here. I stopped at the maitre d's stand and asked if there was a Robert Davis here. "Ah yes, ma'am, right this way please."

He was sitting at a window-side booth. He stood up to greet me, took my hand. "Hello, Amy, Bob Davis. Very good of you to come. It's nice to see you again. Please sit down." He was tall, strawberry hair, athletic build, about 6 feet, twinkling eyes, very nice looking. I guessed about 31 or 32 years old. He looked kind of vaguely familiar.

We ordered drinks, he had Kettle One on the rocks, I asked for Harvey's. "So," I said, looking him in the eye, "what is it that you were so sure I would find intriguing?"

"Amy," he began, "I'm going to be right up front with you." Believe it or not, I am a businessman and I am here this evening strictly as a businessman. Actually, I've been in California on business for the past week and a half and just came back here again the day before yesterday, or I would have called you sooner. I'm an alumnus here, and my younger brother is a senior here now. He plays football here just like I did a few years back. Two weeks ago I was invited to a team party at the theater-in-the-round." Our eyes caught each other's. "Believe me, I've seen a lot, but you and your friend Janie were, uh, well, let's put it this way, my area of expertise is identifying talent." 

So he had seen everything. I felt buck naked. My face flushed. And something else was dawning on me. "Mr. Davis, uh, Bob, "what you saw, uh, what Janie and I..., it was a new experience for me, I've never done anything like that before. It was just kind of a spur-of-the-moment, catch lightning in a bottle kind of thing." 

"That's exactly what was so special about it, Amy – the spontaneity, the raw energy, the abandon, it was unbelievable."

"Gee, maybe I could bottle it, and sell it," I kidded, "I could probably I make a lot of money."

He gazed at me with just a very slight smile – a serious one. "Amy," he said, I told you I was a businessman. That's exactly what I do. I bottle it. And yes, you can a make a lot of money.

Our drinks came, and the waiter took our dinner order. Suddenly I was ravenous. I ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail and a New York strip, medium rare. He went for crab Louis and the filet, rare, with Béarnaise sauce. A side order of creamed spinach to share. We both passed on the potato.

We sipped our drinks. I tried to fathom what I had just heard. "Let me get this straight, Bob, you film sex and sell it, right?"

"Amy, I'm half-owner of a film studio in the San Fernando Valley, north of L.A. And yes, we produce x-rated films. We do all kinds, but our specialty is gangbangs. We're known in the industry as the number one producer of top rated gangbang movies. Adult films are a multi-billion, that's billion with a "b," dollar industry in just this country alone. It's extremely lucrative. And you have a real talent, and please don't be embarrassed by my saying so. What I saw you do the other night, it takes other girls months and even years to work up to. A girl might start with just one-on-one sex; some won't do anal at all, or need a lot of coaxing just to even try it. Not too many years ago DP's were almost unheard-of, but now they're pretty much expected. If you are shy about having guys cum in your mouth, forget it, you're a non-starter. But gang-bangs are the crowning achievement. They've become kind of a status symbol. One girl actually fucked over 600 guys in one session; she currently holds the record. A lot of girls audition for gangbangs, but only a few get to do them. Some don't have the body or the face; most just lack the right attitude. Anybody can fuck, but it's the sexual energy that counts. The reckless abandon and total inhibition. If a girl feels any reluctance at all, the camera will pick it right up and you're done before you begin."

I felt giddy. "You want me to be in a movie? To have sex with a bunch of guys in a movie? You've got to be kidding; I'm a grad student, I've got no acting experience, and I only let myself go that one time."

"Amy, most girls who work for us have little or no acting experience. Oh, many come to L.A. hoping to be actresses, but they have no real talent and wind up doing sex just to be working. But a few aspire to be adult stars, and they bring an entirely different attitude. They want to do it, they love to do it, and it comes through on screen – and that's what sells. The attitude. You can't learn that; it comes from within. You've got the attitude; all you have to do is let it flow, and you won't have to worry about "acting." In fact the whole point is that you wouldn't be acting."

I couldn't believe this. Me? Fucking who knew how many guys in a movie? I was starting to get wet just thinking about it. "Bob, I'm flattered, really I am, but this is a whole lot to digest. I'm not saying yes or no, but I am curious. Just how much money are you talking about anyway?"

The waiter arrived with our appetizers and temporarily interrupted the discussion. I dipped a large shrimp into cocktail sauce and looked Bob in the eye as I first sucked on the shrimp a little and then took an overtly sexy bite with my teeth bared, and a wink. He gave a little laugh and dug into the succulent crab. We chewed for a bit. The food was delicious. Bob said, "You asked about money. After what I saw you do, if you could come even close to that for us on film, I would be prepared to offer you $50,000. $25,000 guaranteed up front, the other half when the film is in the can. That's unheard of for a first-timer, but I think you're worth it. I'm going to use some frank language. Do you think you could fuck a dozen guys or more in front of cameras and lights and not lose the spontaneity? It's not easy to do that. Sometimes a camera can be just a foot away. Can you take half a dozen simultaneous spurts on your face and swish cum around in your mouth with a camera a foot away? Camera awareness can spoil the entire effect."

I thought for a moment. The money would pay for two years of grad school. "Bob, I'm having a hard time even imagining being in a movie, never mind fucking in a movie. I've got my grad student life. I'm happy. The money sounds great, but what about my life? What about my privacy? Say the film was actually successful, wouldn't people recognize me everywhere?"

"Believe it or not, Amy, that's not really a problem. A lot of girls are hungry for the publicity, revel in it even. Being an adult star is still being a star, after all. But it doesn't have to be that way. We do this all the time. First off, you don't use your real name. You pick an anagram like May, or Mia, or make one up entirely. Girls often choose names that are erotically suggestive like Destiny, Felicity, or Fantasia. Or you can choose any name at all like Barbie, or Suzie, or whatever. You can use just a first name, or make up a last name too if you choose. Then we dye your hair, or you can wear a different colored wig from wardrobe, we change your eye color with soft contact lenses, and make-up can really change your face too. Believe me, if you don't want to be recognized, you won't be recognized." Not even the people on the set will know who you really are.

I soaked in everything he was saying, and it was even starting to make a little sense. $50,000 was a ton of money – it would make life a lot easier. And I was pretty sure I could do this, after all I'd already done it once. The thought of being fucked in front of a camera made it just that much more titillating. And what he said about attitude made perfect sense to me. "Amy, he said as if on cue, "you don't have to make up your mind now, I wouldn't even expect you to. Just give it some thought. If you decide no, that's fine. What I've offered you would be quite an adventure for most anyone. Whatever you decide, I'll understand." 

The steaks came. We both cut into the juicy meat. It was scrumptious. We savored the feast and gorged for a couple of minutes. I asked him, "Did you like my friend Janie?"

He looked up with a mouthful of tenderloin. "Yes," he said, "very much. You two make a terrific pair, but for just right now I'm asking you to think about yourself."

We finished the steaks over small talk, letting the main subject rest for awhile. We passed on dessert, and each had a cappuccino. Then it was time to get back. "Can I give you a lift" he asked.

"No thanks, I've got my car. Thanks a lot for your interest in me; seriously, I really am flattered. And thanks for a really delicious dinner."

"Will you think about it?"

"Yes, Bob, I will. I can't say yes right now, but I'm not saying no either.

"I'd like to fly you out to L.A., all expenses paid of course, and have you visit the set, watch a film being shot. It might help you decide."

"Oh, hey, that would be fun – I'd really like that, but I've got school now, and exams coming up in three weeks. How would winter break be? That's a month from now.

"Sure, Amy, not a problem. I'll be in touch. Here's my card if you want to contact me in the meanwhile, and here's our website where you can see some of our work."

I had to ask him something else that had been gnawing at me all evening. "Bob, I've got to ask you, two weeks ago, at that party, did you, I mean, uh, did we..."

He smiled. "Yes Amy, we did. Twice. Once in the ass. I came in you both times. I even got to watch my cum seep out of you and drip into your girlfriend's mouth. It was the horniest thing I've ever experienced, and like I said, I've seen a lot."

I could visualize him watching the cum trickling out of my holes. I smiled, somewhat wistfully, and gave a little nod. "I thought I recognized you." I moved close to him and gave him a little kiss on the lips, and at the same time I gave him just a tiny little squeeze down below. I knew he would be rock hard. "Winter break," I said.

I got home just after 9:30. My pussy was still wet from imagining myself in fuck movies. Wouldn't yours be? I had had a fleeting thought of asking Bob back to the apartment, but it would have been all wrong, and it actually felt even more erotic to prolong indefinitely the obvious sexual tension between us. But, boy, I really needed some release now. I threw off everything except the tiny thong and couldn't get my toy out fast enough. This one is a blue, ribbed dildo, an inch and a half in diameter and nine inches long. My cunt already had all the lubrication it needed. I pushed it in slowly, thong pushed aside, then began to work it in and out with my legs spread wide, first slow, then fast, then slow again, just grazing my clit now and then; I'm real good at this. I started breathing harder and harder, faster and faster I fucked myself with that plastic cock, until I could hardly stand it, and then, unnnnnhh, ooooooooohhh, I cried out. I kept going with two fingers on my slippery clit and came again in about ten seconds. I fleetingly wondered what Bob was doing about now.

Then I remembered I had promised to call Janie. She picked up on the second ring. "Hey, how'd it go," she asked.

"Janie, I hardly know where to begin. This guy, Bob, he was very nice. He's from California. He makes movies – fuck movies, Janie. It was so weird; he was at our party, and I actually found out over cappuccino that I've already fucked him twice! Can you believe it? But really, he was very businesslike; he wants me to be in a gangbang movie. He offered me a lot of money. I'm flattered, but it's crazy. I probably should just shrug this off, but I'm actually thinking about it. Seriously thinking about it, Janie. Am I nuts?"

"Amy, I've got a little secret. I promised not to say anything to you before you two had had a chance to meet, but Bob met me over dinner too. Yesterday evening. He knew we'd discuss this, in fact he hoped we would, because I'm pretty sure he'd like us to star in a movie together. He just didn't want to pressure either of us. What did you tell him?"

So he'd already seen Janie. I couldn't say I was really surprised. "I said I wasn't ready to say yes or no. He invited me to come out to L.A., all expenses paid, to watch a film being made. He said it might help me make up my mind. The visit really sounds like fun, and I'd like to take him up on it. I suggested winter break and he agreed. What did you tell him?"

"I didn't commit myself either. But he did mention a visit to me too, and, you know, I think we should go. Together. Winter break would be perfect. It'll be cold here, and California will be a nice little vacation anyway. What's to lose?"

"OK, let's go then. Let's wait a week or so to get back to him, just so we don't seem too anxious. How much money did he offer you, Janie?"

"Fifty thousand dollars. Half in advance, the other half after a successful shooting." How about you?"

"Exactly the same. It's awfully tempting, I have to admit." But let's sleep on this for a bit. I'll bet the offer isn't going anywhere. Janie, when's your period in December?"

"Not till Christmas week."

"I'm a few days before, so we're OK there, just in case.

 -----------

A week later Janie called Bob and told him she and I had discussed a visit, and would be able to come to California around December 15. He said he'd arrange for our flights and accommodations and would pick us up at LAX, or send a driver if he couldn't make it himself that day. Two days later we each received a Fed Ex overnight with round trip air tickets to LA, first class. I had never flown first class in my life.

Although I was looking forward to the upcoming trip just three weeks away now, I managed to put it in the back of my mind and dug into academics. Janie and I met a couple of times for coffee, and once for supper. We both studied hard, and at the end of exams we both felt we had done well. Don from the football team called Janie once about another upcoming theater-in-the-round party, but it was going to be while we were in L.A. so she simply said she would be away on vacation and was pretty sure I was going to be out of town too. I also got an invitation and similarly begged off. If they were free, Shannon and/or Melissa, the two young coeds who had joined in our bacchanalia, would probably be asked and could more than hold their own without us, I was sure.

December 15 was a Saturday. We each brought one large suitcase, and had discussed what to pack, so we had some appropriately formal stuff, but, just in case, also a good mix of playful outfits, and no shortage of sexy underwear, which we both liked to wear. We settled into the wide leather first class seats and relaxed. A fortyish overweight flight attendant offered us champagne. We clinked. "To stardom," said Janie. I rolled my eyes.

We had a five-hour flight. We had some more champagne and enjoyed a nice meal of beouf bourguignonne with a California Cabernet. Somewhere over the Rockies, Janie suddenly asked, "Are you a member of the mile high club?" I thought I knew what that was. "You mean have I ever had sex on an airplane? No, I haven't even flown that many times. Have you? "No," she said, "although I've always wanted to. If you want, we can do the next best thing. Come on." 
