 My wife and I have been married for a while and have developed a group of close friends. Our group gets together for special occasions and not so special occasions. We will even have a get together as just an excuse to get together. These events often involve alcohol and anything else we think might be fun. Conversations get very personal and usually become sexual in nature. We have had the odd mooning, some quick tit flashing, a dick flash or two and even some drunken streaking. We have talked about having a time when things could get more "carried away." To that end, I had an idea.

For an upcoming holiday, I invited our group out for the weekend. My wife and I have some land in the hill country that is a perfect place to go to get away. Our property has lots of trees, trails and even a good sized river that runs through it. We have not built anything on it yet, so it is perfect for our group. We have had cook outs there with our friends, but nothing that lasted any longer than a day. 

The instructions for the weekend were, "A weekend camp out at our place. Do not bring anything with you...especially your inhibitions." Our friends tried to question me leading up to the event, but I just repeated the instructions on the invitations. My wife also tried to get some details out of me with no success.

I left early on Friday to get everything set up. The forecast predicted a perfect weekend. The days would be in the 70s and the nights in the 50s. The weather report also called for clear blue skies for the entire time.

By the time the campers began to arrive, I had everything ready. A campfire was blazing in our normal spot, coolers were filled with ice cold drinks of all kinds, food was ready to go and plenty of chairs and tree stumps for seating were scattered around the area. 

The first to arrive were Jack and Diana. They have been married about as long as my wife and I. Jack is our big, muscular "Strong Man." He is a contractor so he is well tanned and in great shape. His wife Diana is our "Organizer." She spends as much time outside as her husband. She is also very toned and tanned. They are an extremely athletic couple who enjoy doing anything and everything outdoors. 

Bruce and Michelle were right behind Jack and Diana. Bruce is a "Workhorse." He is always working and has to be out of town on business trips quite often. Bruce is trim and very serious about everything. His wife, Michelle, is the "Caretaker." She is the first one to show up when something goes wrong for any of us. Michelle is a little shapely but is a very lovely woman. The only issue that Bruce and Michelle deal with is wishing they had more time together. 

The last group to arrive included my wife, Kim. She is a "Free Spirit." She is the first one to try anything new. She also loves to do things that surprise other people. My wife has all the right curves in all the right places. She carries a DD rack and has no problem showing it off. She enjoys wearing low cut or revealing clothes because she loves to be looked at by just about anyone.

Arriving with her were the recently singled ladies of the group, Emma and Eva. Emma, the "Hard Charger," had been with her "good-for-nothing" boyfriend for a couple of years. She has recently told him to take a hike. Emma is very driven. She has a definite plan for her life and I have no doubt that she will change the world for the better some day. Emma spends a lot of time at the gym and it shows.

Eva can best be described as our "Neglected" member. Her loveless marriage of a few years broke up a short time ago and she has been quite down about it. Eva is a brilliant woman. She is also very loving and is stunningly beautiful. She always carries herself in a very professional manner. 

Eva and her husband were together when they became a part of our group. He always stayed at a distance and never tried to fit in. We tried to get him to be a bigger part of the group without any luck. As we would come to learn, he was also distant from Eva. She never felt connected to him after they were married. That distance also impacted their sex life in the very same way. I don't ever wish the break up of a marriage on anyone, but I believe this will be for the better for Eva in the end. Maybe this weekend could be just what she needs.

Then there is me. My wife describes me as the "Provider" for our tribe. I get great enjoyment from helping those I care about in any way I can. I am a runner and I am also the adventurous type that enjoys trying new things. That makes Kim and I a great fit.

Once everyone arrived, we ate and drank and talked for hours. The sun finally began to set and the crispness of the night air surrounded the camp as the glow of the fire kept us warm and comfortable. Most everyone in the group was buzzing from the alcohol and we were all soaking in the simple joy of being out in nature. 

Diana the "Organizer" asked, "So, what is this weekend all about?" 

It was time to set out the guidelines for the weekend. I told the group that we could begin, but we had to cover some ground rules first. 

"Rule One," I started, "You need to have a great time but you do not have to do anything you don't want to do. Rule Two...Literally anything goes." 

Emma the "Hard Charger" said that she wanted to know what was meant by Rule Two. I could see that they were all wondering the same thing. 

I explained, "This weekend is about getting 'carried away' like we have talked about. There will be activities that require us to leave our inhibitions elsewhere. There will be very frank and explicit discussions, hopefully lots of nudity and probably some sexual activities. The main thing at this point is that if anyone has an issue with any of this, say so now and we can make it a fun camping trip." 

"What kind of sexual activities?" Emma asked. 

"The 'carried away' kind," I answered. 

Emma is outspoken and since she was buzzing pretty good, she blurted out, "So, everyone might watch me give you a blowjob?" 

The group burst into excited laughter. Once it was quite again, I simply said "They just might." 

To say the response was positive would have been the biggest understatement imaginable. High fives and cheers filled the night air. As I turned to my wife, she was rubbing her hands together like she was about to do something she had been wanting to do for a long time. Around the glow of the fire, the group spent quite a while taking wild guesses about what might happen. 

I doused the fire and suggested that everyone grab the food and drinks and follow me. Once we got a little way into the woods, we came across the campground I set up for the night. In the middle was a place for another campfire and surrounding it were four tents. The tent flaps were open and each tent had a sleeping bag for two.

Everyone took a seat around the fire pit as Jack the "Strong Man" and Bruce the "Workhorse" got an enormous fire going. The tents were set up close enough to the fire to keep warm. However, they were far enough away to have a sense of privacy. 

I began with the instructions for the evening. "This is what we are going to do. First, I have three colored, cloth bags in front of me. The red bag has tent numbers. The blue bag has everyone's name. The green bag is for later." 

I pointed to the tents and numbered them off one through four. Next, I informed the group that we were going to draw to see who would be sharing a tent for the evening. Eyes silently darted around the circle. They were all anxiously wondering who would be their partner for the night. I was wondering the same thing. 

The first tent number was pulled and then the names. Jack and Emma were the first couple. The second tent would be shared by Kim and Diana. The third tent was for Bruce and his wife Michelle. The last tent was for Eva and myself. I told the group that the remaining bag was filled with questions and challenges. 

"Everyone good with this?" I asked. 

"Hell yes!" my wife said followed by similar responses from the rest of our friends.

About an hour of conversation and more drinking followed. Everything was centered around the expectations for the evening. The final conclusion was that absolutely anything and everything goes. I don't know if it was the anticipation or the alcohol, but everyone was anxious to get started. Finally, Kim said she didn't want to wait any longer. 

"OK," I said. "Everyone has 15 minutes. You need to get inside your tent and zip it shut. When you unzip it, you need to be dressed for bed and in your sleeping bag with your partner for the night. Once everyone is ready, we will start drawing from the last bag." 

Everyone quickly disappeared into their tent.

* * * * * * *

I kicked off my sandals and slid my shorts off before I sat down on the ground inside our tent. T-shirt and boxers are more clothing than is usual for me to sleep in, but I figured it was a good way to start. Eva asked what I thought she should wear. 

"What do you normally wear to bed?" I asked.

"I usually sleep naked," she answered. 

Eva is about 5' 3" and is very petite. She has a nice body, but has never shown it off very much. She seems to be the most reserved one in our group. I would describe Eva as slightly shy and more conservative that the rest of us when it comes to anything sexual. The idea of her normally sleeping naked somewhat surprised me. 

She decided to keep her shirt, bra and underwear on. After kicking off her sandals, she slowly slipped out of her shorts. As she pushed her shorts down her legs, I could not help but watch them slide down every inch. Once her shorts were tossed aside, she sat down on the ground in front of me and spread her legs open as if she was stretching for a run or doing yoga. Her white T-shirt hung between her sexy legs, so I was not able to see anything. I was a bit stunned by her forwardness. I had never seen Eva like this, but I definitely wanted to see more.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she playfully said as she leaned back on her hands and pulled her shirt up from between her legs. "Is that better?" 

"Much better," I answered as I saw the outline of her pussy lips through her delicate, silk underwear.

"Well, I am hoping that before too long we will both be naked and you can see the pussy inside these panties," she bluntly proclaimed.

"I would love to see it. That means you might see the dick inside these boxers as well," I said responding in kind.

"You have no idea how long it has been for me. I haven't had anyone want to see my pussy or seen a hard dick in so long," she confessed. 

I was reminded of what Eva had been going through. However, she did not seem down. As her dark hair curved around her face and dropped just below her shoulders, she seemed very eager. She looked like a lioness ready to pounce on her prey. My dick was definitely on the rise.

I sat back in the same position she was in. My growing shaft pressed upward to pitch a tent in my boxers. Her eyes stared at my hidden rod as she unknowingly licked her lips and lightly clenched her fists. 

"So how do you think we should get into the sleeping bag?" I asked her as she was startled back to our conversation. 

I suggested that we could lay facing each other, be turned away from each other or just have one of us on top of the other. I figured I would lay out the possibilities and see what she chose. Eva thought for a second and said that she would like me to slide in feet first on my stomach. Then she would slide in on top of me.

I pushed into the sleeping bag. Eva straddled over me to slide into the sleeping bag feet first as well. As she got ready to move into our cozy sleeping quarters, she very purposefully got my head stuck inside her hanging T-shirt. As she pretended to struggle with it, she gently rubbed her soft tits all over the back of my head. Even from this angle, her tits felt very full and very soft. The seemed much bigger that I had realized. My dick was now anxious with excitement. 

"Well fuck!" she said. "I guess this will just have to go."

In one quick movement, she stripped off her shirt and slung it to the side. She continued to get into our sleeping bag and I could feel the warmth of her small body sliding all the way down my back. When she got in place, she started gently grinding her hips against my ass. Her breathing started getting heavier and she now had my dick at complete attention. She slid her legs down mine until she was completely on top of me. Pushing her hands inside my shirt, she slid up my back until she pushed my shirt off and tossed it out of the sleeping bag as well. As we lay there, I wondered how far Eva wanted to go. 

When we unzipped the tent, we were the last ones to appear. In tent one, Jack and Emma were laying on their sides and facing each other. Tent two had Kim and Diana with Diana on her back and Kim halfway on top of her. Tent three was Bruce and Michelle with Bruce laying on his back and Michelle directly on top of him. 

After a few more minutes, Emma grabbed the remaining bag and pulled out the first card of the evening. 

"Women...what is your favorite sexual position?" she asked.

Emma, the "Hard Charger," spoke up first, "I love being on top!" 

When she was asked why, she said that she loved to look at a man's face as she rode him. I could picture Emma riding someone hard and fast and enjoying every minute of it. Emma turned to Michelle next. 

Michelle, the "Caretaker," explained that she enjoyed missionary the best. She said that she loved to look into a man's eyes when he was inside of her. Michelle seemed to be the one that would be passionate and romantic and her choice certainly fit. 

Diana, the "Organizer," took her turn. She said that she also liked being on top. She explained that it is a great feeling to be in control of fucking someone's brains out. She also loves being able to get a dick as deep inside of her as she wants. I silently wondered if she had ever had someone fuck her brains out.

Kim, my wife and the "Free Spirit," followed by saying that she loves 69. 

"I love to grind my pussy into a man's face while I swallow his big dick down my throat," she explained. I knew from first had experience how much she enjoyed it. She can spend hours sucking a dick and having her pussy eaten.

Eva was next. She was a bit hesitant but finally proclaimed, "I love anal!" 

We were all surprised at Eva's response. As the others talked about all of the answers, Eva's attention was inside our sleeping bag. I could feel her hips grinding into me even more. 

She put her lips to my ear and said, "Getting fucked up the ass is the best. I really love a hard dick as far in my asshole as it can go."

"Is that so?" was all I could think to say.

"As a matter of fact, when I get myself off, I like to have a dildo up my ass while I am playing with myself," she revealed.

Anyone else in the group could have volunteered what I had just been told and I would not have been as surprised. My thoughts about Eva being conservative and reserved were quickly being obliterated. Conversation continued among the group about sexual positions for quite a while. 

Jack the "Strong Man" reached in the bag and pulled out the next card. 

"All tents...toss out four articles of clothing," he announced. 

It didn't take any time at all for each tent to toss out two pairs of shorts and two shirts. It seemed that everyone was ahead of the game like we were. It also wasn't hard to imagine what could be going on under the covers in each tent. We had talked about this opportunity so often that everything seemed a foregone conclusion...except for what I was learning about Eva. She had never voiced any disagreement, but she hadn't shared much information either. She usually just listened and smiled.

In our tent, the warmth of Eva's body was now surrounding me inside our sleeping bag. Our bodies were pressed together and I could feel Eva's body stretching down mine. I would have given just about anything for us to get rid of the rest of our clothing and see what would happen next.

I looked toward my wife's tent and saw Diana's head pressed between my wife's big tits. Kim had her hands on the back of Diana's head grabbing handfuls of Diana's long blonde hair as she smothered her tent mates face with her own breasts. I have my face there all the time, so I knew that Kim was enjoying herself.

Michelle pulled out the next card. "What is your favorite part of your tent mates body?" 

With Diana's face swallowed up by Kim's DD's, she said in a muffled tone, "I just love Kim's big fucking tits." 

Kim followed by saying that she really loved Diana's ass. While Diana had a face full of Kim's rack, Kim had moved her hands into their sleeping bag to get a hand full of Diana's ass. They were both quietly moaning as they were exploring each other's body under the covers. 

Jack spoke up next and said that he appreciated Emma's athletic legs and toned butt. Emma said she loved Jack's muscular chest. As they answered, Emma was moving her hands all over Jack's upper body. Jack's hands were not visible. They were deep inside their sleeping bag and were, no doubt, all over Emma's lower body. 

Michelle wanted her turn. As she looked at her husband, she said that she loved being in Bruce's arms. Bruce followed by saying that he loved Michelle's mouth and then kissed her very hard. It was not the tender, passionate kissing of romance. It was the kissing you do when you are about to fuck someone. It would not be long until they were in a world by themselves. 

Eva said, "I have always liked my partner's ass." As she volunteered her thoughts, she slid her hands inside my boxers and firmly grabbed my bare cheeks with her soft hands. While my she massaged my rear end, I took my turn.

"I really like Eva's chest. Not just her tits, but her whole chest," I said. 

With Eva's hands still inside my boxers, she whispered, "I would love to have your cum all over my chest. Not just my tits, but on my whole chest." 

As Eva pulled her hands away from my ass, she moved over my shoulder and toward my mouth. When her lips met mine, she darted her warm tongue in and out of my mouth. She had not enjoyed this type of activity in quite a while and she was going to take full advantage of the opportunity. I also realized that my perception of Eva and her preferences were nowhere close to who she really is. 

Bruce, the "Work Horse," drew the next card. 

"Tent two...Make out for 15 minutes," he instructed. 

Kim and Diana needed no encouragement. Kim grabbed Diana by the hair and pulled her head back. When she did, Kim kissed Diana's waiting neck. After a few minutes, Diana took Kim by the back of her head and pulled it just inside their sleeping bag. Kim was obviously now working on Diana's tits. After a few minutes, Diana slid down as much as she could into their sleeping bag. We could not see what was going on, but we all had a good idea. 

While this was happening, I could feel Eva slide her hand inside her panties and start playing with her own pussy. She moved her mouth to my ear and said, "I bet Diana has her fingers inside your wife's cunt. She is probably sucking on Kim's big, hard nipples right now." 

This was turning out to be much more than I expected. I was watching my wife and Diana make out while Eva was masturbating on top of me. I had seen my wife play around with some of our friends before, but this was different and exciting to watch. Eventually, Jack said that their 15 minutes were up. Kim and Diana gathered themselves and took their previous positions. However, they were now even closer than before. 

The fire had started to die down. We could only see shapes and shadows now. Conversation was going on around the fire about what Kim and Diana had been doing. Had any other the others wanted to do the same thing? What had others done? Not being able to see each other very well gave the discussion an added excitement. The entire time, Eva continued to masturbate on top of me. I could feel her hot breath on my skin. 
