 Ch. 03: Perform

Sally and Chris

Mrs. Benson, Alex's neighbor, was standing there with a measuring cup in her hand smiling at us like the cat that had just eaten the canary. "Your mom gave me the keys to the house in case of an emergency. She also told me if I needed anything I could feel free to come over and borrow it. I needed a cup of sugar for some baking I was doing. I knocked, but no one answered, so I assumed you were out and let myself in. And here you are, just hanging out." With that she look down at Alex's crotch; he followed her eyes and noticed that his cock was still sticking out of his boxers, albeit a little deflated due to the circumstances. He quickly stuffed his cock back in his boxers as I was desperately trying to blend in to the background. "Who's your friend?" she asked.

"Kyle, his name is Kyle. You aren't going to tell anyone what you saw are you?" Alex was visibly shaking at this point.

"Tell anyone? Hmmmm, I hadn't thought of that. Tell you what; why don't you to finish up here and come over to the house and we'll discuss it." With that she started to turn and leave, "Opps, I almost forgot," she said holding up the measuring cup. She walked over to the counter where the sugar jar was, filled her cup and started walking out. "See you boys, let's say, in half and hour?" With that, she turned and walked out of the kitchen. 

When we heard the front door close, we looked at each other and I said, "Fuck, fuck, fuck; we're fucked! Is she going to tell your mom?"

"Fuck, I don't know. I guess we'll find out in a half an hour."

"You might find out. I'm getting the hell out of here."

"The hell you are! You owe me a blowjob. Now, if you want to suck my cock right now, then you can spilt. If not, you're coming with me. Anyway, didn't you see that mischievous grin on her face? Maybe she got turned on by what she saw. Maybe she's going to let us both fuck her. Did you take a look at her? She's pretty hot."

I couldn't believe the conversation we were having. A million thoughts ran through my head before I could respond. "Okay, okay; I'll go, but I've never been so humiliated in all my life."

"Hey, but did you like the blowjob?"

"Fuck, man; that was incredible. You've done that before."

"No way Jose. Like I said, I've watched that bitch suck that cock so many times that I became convinced that I could do just as good a job as she did." Alex smiled at me and I felt my cock start to stir again. "I guess I can," he added. "And don't think I'm not going to ask you to keep your end of the bargain, but right now, we've other things to do. Let's get cleaned up, dressed and head over to the Benson's and see what's going on in that pretty little head of hers.

With that, we put the food away and got dressed. I wiped my cum off my chest and cleaned up my boxers as well as I could, slipped on a shirt and shorts and in short order we were crossing the street and walking up to the Benson residence. Alex looked at me and said, "Ready Freddy?" I nodded and he knocked. 

Mrs. Benson answered the door. With a knowing smirk on her face she invited us in. "Come on in, boys. Glad you could make it." Seeing her standing in the doorway, I realized how attractive she was. Not much taller than five feet and not much heavier than a hundred pounds, but what was there was very shapely. She had beautiful green eyes set off by her short brown hair. 

She had changed her clothes since "catching us" in the kitchen – she now had on a pair of tight fitting shorts, barefoot, and a tee that was almost transparent; in fact, I could see that she was not wearing a bra as the nipples on her small breasts were pressing against the cotton material of the tee. Seeing her standing there smiling at us was causing my cock to stir. I watched her turn and walk away, leading us into the house. "Can I get you boys something to drink? A beer maybe or something stronger? My eyes were drawn to her ass, straining against the shorts she was wearing. She moved her ass in a way that made me feel like she knew exactly where we were looking. Alex elbowed me and grinned as we followed her into the house.

"Sure," Alex said. "A beer would be great." We had already had two beers a piece and I was already feeling a little buzz, but I chimed in my agreement. She led us into the living room, where Mr. Benson was reclining in a chair with a glass of amber liquid. "Hi Mr. Benson," Alex quipped.

"Call me Chris," he said while lifting his glass toward us in a welcoming manner. He looked at me and said, "You must be Kyle." I nodded in acknowledgement and he continued, "How was your first year of college?"

We took chairs opposite of Chris and began chit chatting about school as Mrs. Benson returned with our beers. "And, call me Sally," she added handing each of us a bottle of beer. She looked at me and winked before taking a seat on the sofa.

After a few minutes of banal conversation, Mr. Benson, I mean Chris said, "So, Sally tells me she rudely interrupted you two earlier."

"Yes, I did," chimed in Sally. "And I think they were both having a good time, which is why I didn't interrupt sooner. I know it's impolite to eavesdrop, but I even got to hear some of the conversation that led up to one sexy blowjob. Kyle here promised to suck Alex if Alex sucked him first. Isn't that about right, boys?" We were speechless.

"Either of you guys ever suck cock before?" Chris asked?

Alex responded, "No, Sir; it just seemed like a good idea at the time. We had been watching some porn and we were both horny and it just sort of happened."

Chris laughed, "That's how it usually happens, unless you're being set up, like me." With that he gave Sally a playful glance and took a sip of his drink.

"Chris and I had a mutual friend who was bisexual, and he really wanted to get into Chris' pants, so he asked me to help. Chris and I had never met, but the mutual friend told him that a female friend, me, who needed help moving some furniture. Being the gentleman that he is, Chris agreed. Well, Chris wanted into my pants so badly before the night was over he was ready to do anything that might advance his chances, even suck his friend's dick."

Chris continued, "That's the truth. She did everything but rub up against me that night. After moving the furniture around, we played some cards, which quickly evolved into strip poker, and she kicked our butts. We played one more hand, with the winner getting to be dominant over the other two. And she won! The next think I knew, she had me in a 69 position with my friend, sucking and being sucked."

As we listened, I got harder and harder, wondering where this was all going to lead. Then Sally spoke, "Kyle, I do believe you owe Alex a blowjob and we want to watch."

"Excuse me?" I almost choked while taking a drink of my beer.

"You heard me, we want to watch. But trust me, we will make it worth your while." With that, she stood up and peeled her top off revealing the most beautiful set of breasts I had ever seen. Her nipples were hard and slightly upturned, firmly in place with no need of a bra. She reached up and cupped them, asking, "Do you like these?" My mouth was watering as I nodded my head. "Be a good boy and suck Alex's cock for us and you'll get to suck on more than just these."

Chris added, "Why don't we all get a little more comfortable." And with that, he stood up and began taking off his clothes. Alex didn't skip a beat and was quick to follow. I sat there in stunned silence for a moment.

Sally stripped off her shorts and walked over to me, grabbing my hands and lifting me to my feet. Her pussy was shaved clean with a little patch of hair resting above her pussy lips. My mouth went dry as she pulled my shirt over my head and then started undoing my pants. In no time at all the four of us were standing there, naked. Three cocks standing erect and lots of expectation in the air. Sally returned to the sofa, spread her legs a bit and started tracing the folds of her pussy with her finger. "Come on, Kyle. Don't you want to taste this too?" she teased.

Chris sat back down and Alex just stood there grinning at me, cock in hand, waving it at me. I looked at him, then at Chris, who had his fist wrapped around his cock, and then at Sally, lying back playing with her pussy. It was all surreal. I thought to myself, "What the fuck." And with that, I went down on my knees and reached up for Alex's cock as Chris and Sally clapped their hands and cheered.

I grabbed his cock and held it up and started licking his balls. It seemed a good place to start and judging my Alex's moans, I was right. After a few licks, I pointed his cock toward my lips and thought to myself, "Here goes nothing!"

I moved my mouth closer to his dick. I could see a clear drop of pre-cum emerging from the tip. I tried to do what Alex had done to me, so I opened my mouth and covered just the head of his cock with my mouth and then closed my lips around his shaft. I lightly squeezed this shaft while sucking on just the head. I felt Alex's hands on my head as he tried to force his cock farther into my mouth. I relaxed my mouth a bit and allowed his cock to penetrate my face. 

I released his cock and put my hands on his hips to steady myself as he started moving his cock in and out of my mouth. I gagged a bit, but he kept thrusting away. It was all I could do to stay in place. I wasn't so much sucking his cock as he was fucking my face. 

Chris and Sally were cheering us on and I felt Alex's cock start to expand. Before I knew it, the first shot of cum hit the back of my throat and I pushed him away with a surprised look on my face, he grabbed his cock and picked up where I had left off, stroking wildly and sending stream after stream of cum in my direction. Two shots hit my face; the next one, my chest. Chris and Sally were clapping and cheering, and I was feeling pretty embarrassed.

Sally got off the sofa and came over to me. She took my head in her hands and looked deep into my eyes. "That was so sexy, Kyle. You deserve a reward." She leaned down and kissed me passionately and then started to lick Alex's cum off my face. 

When she finished, she stood me up and said, "Okay, Kyle, that was great, but now it's your turn. What would you like to do? Actually,I wanted to fuck her right there.

One of my favorite fantasies is fucking in the shower, so, I thought, nothing ventured, nothing gained, "Can we take a shower together?"

She smiled at me, took my hand and said, "Follow me." We walked out of the living room, leaving Alex and Chris behind. I had a big smile on my face as I looked at her luscious body leading me to the master bathroom.