 With all four of us sexually sated, for the moment at least, we were able to get the camp in good shape by nightfall. We had a bigger fire all ready to go and we'd gathered enough large stones to surround and contain it safely.

Amy had gone down to the stream to clean herself up for more action and she had just gotten back. She looked great walking around camp without a stitch of clothes on, showing off her freshly shaved pussy to my friends. She always looked incredible naked but her total lack of any inhibition was still something I was getting used to. 

The guys set their tent up, though I wasn't sure they would use it. Ours was bigger, so that seemed like the best spot to take Amy's gangbang once we left the warmth of the fire later tonight.

I told Amy to get her camera. She gave a me a look that said "really?"

"Go get it," I said firmly.

"Yes, Master."

If I was going to share my Wife with two guys, it was going to be fun for me too!

My careless remark about fulfilling her fantasies had taken root quickly and ended up being way more than I had bargained for. 

She told me she had a fantasy about sex with a stranger on a chance encounter in the woods. What we got was totally unhinged hardcore submissive sex with two good friends of mine and one of them has an absolutely enormous penis. 

I'm also not sure where the submissiveness came from. I had maybe seen some mild signs of it over the years. She let me tie her up once, but that was my idea. She did enjoy it, but that's not really my thing. We never did it again and she never asked for it. 

My sexual focus was just getting Amy off. It's what I loved the most and it always got me off too. I loved watching, hearing and feeling her orgasm. She was incredibly sexy all the time, but when she gets really worked up, Amy is simply out of this world. 

I had dedicated my sex life to making Amy orgasm harder and more often. As I mentioned earlier, we worked together on loosening her inhibitions up over the years. I always told her to relax and to feel no guilt for whatever got her off. I wanted her to trust her sexual instincts and to know that I would never judge her under any circumstances. Part of that was being totally honest about her desires and admitting what really felt good to herself. 

We had just started some light ass play a few months before the trip, and she had finally started to open up and enjoy it a little. It may sound like we were going at a snail's pace, but understand that this is a woman who had to be begged into letting me eat her pussy when we were in college. Of course, once she finally let me do it, she wanted it constantly and that led to many other sexual wonderments. 

Her ass was her last hangup. The final barrier. If she could cross it, she would be able to relax completely and I knew that would lead to her full orgasmic potential. For a time, no amount of pleasure, it seemed, would allow her become totally comfortable with her ass as a source of pleasure.

"It's dirty," was always her refrain.

At first, I was only allowed to touch her ass when we were in our hot tub. She felt like she was always clean if she was in the hot tub. Over time, she began to relax and enjoy some stimulation in the bedroom.

We were making steady progress and when she let me lick her back door on Friday night, I knew I had her. Her orgasm was so huge and all-encompassing, that I knew it was a breakthrough. Then she does two "strangers" on her own the next day and brings the guys back to camp so I can watch? 

Well, she was clearly trusting her sexual instincts now.

She had totally submitted herself to me and two of my buddies with no strings. She wanted to be our sexual plaything and she wanted us not just to fuck her, but to treat her like a whore. I understood it. If I was a woman, I'd want to be a slut all the time too. The desire to be degraded was clearly related to her being a "good girl" for so long.

Amy had been practically Puritan until college and had slowly opened up since becoming involved with me. I was the third man she'd ever slept with and I was the only man who had ever given her oral or made her orgasm. That is, until this weekend. This was obviously some kind of cathartic thing for her. She was letting go completely and doing the things she'd only experienced in her dreams. She later told me about these recurring dreams in great detail. It certainly filled in some blanks. It was potentially a very healthy thing and I was learning to not just cope, but to enjoy it.

All that said, at the time, I did wonder how she was going to handle sexual sobriety when it was all over. I committed myself to making sure she felt no guilt or remorse because of me. I was going to make sure she knew that I loved her even more now and that I was a willing participant. I wanted her to know that I always wanted her to totally embrace her desires, even if they're extreme.

I was also going to make sure she did she everything and everything that I wanted too! 

This was a chance for both of us to fulfill some fantasies though I actually wanted the camera for her more than me. I was going to make sure she had the option to keep the memories in our portfolio. I also wanted her to see the event from a detached point of view. I figured it would end up turning both of us on. And, as always, she had the option of not printing anything and even to destroy the negatives. 

I liked the way she submitted and acquiesced with little push back when I told her to get the camera. She returned a minute later and got down on her knees at my side.

"Here, Master."

She held the camera in her mouth by the strap.

"I set the flash to work automatically for you and the auto-winder is also set. Just aim and shoot. It's freshly loaded. It'll take thirty six shots."

I patted her on the head as I spoke.

"Yes it will, you little slut. Are you ready for more sex? Are you ready to give up your virgin ass with an audience?"

"Oh yes, Master. I am your devoted cumslut. I want you all you use me without regard for my dignity or my pleasure. I want to be a sex slave for you and your friends. I want to fulfill all of your dirty wants and needs."

She had a priceless smile on her face as she said this. She was hamming it up and she was turning herself on in the process.

"That's a good girl."

I patted her head some more like I was Dr. Evil. Man, this was going to be wild.

"Would you mind if I got dressed, Master? I promise to get nude again as soon as the fire is lit."

"That's fine. It is getting pretty cold and we'll have you naked soon enough."

It really was getting cold and dark too, so I prepared the trout and the guys lit the fire. We had plenty of wood for hours and hours of fun. The fire matured quickly and we were ready to cook in about twenty minutes. We enjoyed trout, potatoes and beer with some tequila shots liberally mixed in. Amy had three beers and three shots. At a little over 110 pounds, her inhibitions were completely gone and we were all joking about how we were going to fuck her senseless. She countered that she didn't think we could satisfy her and that she might have to go find some real men when she finished with us. 

Laughter all around.

We were all feeling great by the time dinner was over. Now we were almost ready to enjoy my Wife some more. We set up one more round of tequila and we all banged it back together. 

The fire was now giving out a firm blanket of heat. The time was ripe and so was Amy. I could feel her sexual energy. We all could. She wasn't scared at all. She wanted all three of us and she was ready to do anal for the first time.

"Slut, I think it's time that you got naked for us."

"Yes, Master."

She stood up and pulled her big sweatshirt over her head. She wore nothing underneath the sweatshirt and her amazing tits bounced free in the glow of the firelight.

Click! 

Thirty five more pictures to go. Then she peeled her jeans off and she was bare ass naked.

Click!

"Ok, guys, she is all yours. Fuck my slut Wife however you want, but save her ass for me."

Jake spoke up.

"Come suck my dick, you little whore. Come on. Get over here. On your knees, slut."

"Yes, sir."

We had a blanket laid out right in front of the fire and Jake sat down in the middle with his legs spread. My Wife got down on her knees between his legs and started to suck his cock like a pro. She pulled off for one second to tell Paul what she wanted.

"Paul, my pussy wants more of your monster cock. Please stretch me out in front of my Master if it pleases you."

"You want it all, slut?"

"Oh yes, Sir. Fill me up and touch all those deep places you hit this afternoon. Show me no mercy. Treat me like the dirty whore that I am."

She went back down on Jake and arched her back. She was moaning like a little whore and sucking Jake while offering her little pussy to Paul and his big tool. It looked way hot backlit by the fire with her lips around Jake's hard-on.

Click.

He came in from behind her and licked her crack from front to back starting with her pussy and finishing with her little rosebud. She flinched and the let out a huge moan as she rooted Jake's cock repeatedly. Paul licked her holes over and over until she started to shudder and cum.

I got in close with the camera and was able to get a shot of his tongue running over her ass and her sucking Jake all in the same frame. Nice one!

Thirty two more to go.

She finished her orgasm and kept working feverishly on the tool in her mouth as Paul stood up and removed his shorts. He was already rock hard and he was ready to impale my little Amy. He knelt behind her and had his prodigious length at her opening, which was wet and ready.

Click.

He pushed the head into her and a few inches more. She moaned and kept sucking Jake. Paul leaned in and drove some more of his thick cock into my Wife. He was half way home and she was now whimpering and moaning as she kept sucking cock with abandon.

Click.

Paul rocked back and forth a few times and got his cock nice and wet with Amy's juices. Then he leaned in and pushed himself fully into my Wife. Her eyes flew open and she let out a big moan that I had never heard before. It was part grunt and part pure ecstasy. She forced Jake's entire cock into her mouth and throat and pressed her face into his groin as far as she could. She was using her throat muscles on him and Jake's eyes rolled back in his head. 

Click.

I got a great picture of Jake's face as he was about to dump a load down my Wife's throat. You could see Paul pounding away at her pussy in the background. Another great shot if it came out well in the developing room.

She kept swallowing on his cock and he couldn't take any more.

"Here it comes you little whore. Swallow it all, slut!"

He pulled out and started shooting his load into her open mouth and pushed back in to finish.

I took three shots in sequence. I think I got one with his jizz in mid air.

My Wife swallowed it all and kept sucking him until he was empty. Amy then cleaned him fully. Jake pulled out of my Wife's mouth and let out a loud groan. Then she started licking his balls clean. She was so randy.

"This is awesome. Yeah, baby. Clean my cock with your tongue. Yeah, that's it. Get it all. Lick my balls you little slut. Yeah, that's it. God you are such a dirty girl. Ok, ok that's enough. Damn! Your Wife can really suck cock, buddy. Thanks for letting us use her like this."

"No problem, Buddy. The night is young."

"Oh my god. Oh my god, Oh my god! Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Amy was cumming again as Paul pounded her with big deep strokes. Her face was now pressed into the blanket and sideways and her ass was sticking up high for Paul. He was as far forward over her as he could get and he was hammering away at her with his knees slightly bent. My friend was pulling almost all the way out of my Wife's pussy and then driving his full length home over and over and Amy was building up to another sexual eruption. He had a great angle to drive his cock-head into the roof of her pussy each time he pushed into her and it must have been hitting her g-spot pretty squarely. You could see she was having some convulsions. A big orgasm was coming.

"Oh my god! That's the spot! That is so fucking good! Keep fucking me that way! I love your big cock so much! It's stretching me out so much! You are gonna make me burst! Ahhhh! Oh god yes! Yes! Keep fucking me, Paul!"

Click...Click...Click...Click.

I got a nice 4-shot sequence of him as he pulled almost all the way out and then stuffed her fully. I hoped it looked as hot on film as it did in real life. She started cumming and he bottomed out in her and just held it there to let her finish.

Click.

She shook and shuddered and called his name over and over.

"Oh Paul. Oh my god, Paul. You are so fucking huge! I'm cumming! Oh god I can't stop! Oh..Oh..Oh.. God! Yes! Yes! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh fuck! Don't stop! Keep fucking me hard! Abuse my little pussy! Show my Husband how I like it! Oh my good god! I love it so much! You're so fucking big!"

You get he idea. She just kept babbling on and on about his huge tool.

He shrugged a bit and started pounding away at her again. He was really speeding up his pace and mercilessly fucking her. He held her hips and ass and slammed into her pussy from behind with his entire length. Wham! Wham! Wham! Wham! You could hear air leaving my Wife's lungs as he completed each thrust. She was cumming again.

"Oh god yes! Own this pussy! Use me like a whore! I love your big cock! Fuck me like a slut! Oh my god, honey! He is so deep in me! I have never... Oh my god! Ahhh!"

I moved around to get a shot of her face and I almost blew my load without being touched. She was completely red-faced and she had sweat pouring off the tip of her nose. She was getting seriously fucked. This was no act for our benefit.

"Oh yes, Oh yes, Oh yes! It's so big! It's so fucking big! Oh my god. Mmmph. Mmmph!"

She was now grunting like an animal. Her face was strained and tears were running down her sweaty cheeks. Her breath was ragged and inconsistent. Paul was now moving with a very deliberate rhythm. This guy was fucking the living shit out of my Wife. He was still giving her his full length with every stroke and now he was about to blow.

"Where do you want my cum, you fucking slut?"

"In my mouth! Please let me taste you! I want more of your salty cum! I want it bad! It tastes so good!"

"You better swallow it all and clean my cock when you're finished, slut."

"You know I will," she said with a smile in her slutty voice.

He pulled out and she sat up quickly with her mouth wide open as he dumped about six huge wads of thick jizz on her tongue. 

Click. Click. Click.

I got it all and she took it all. Then she worked his load around in her mouth a bit and swallowed. She rubbed her tummy.

"Mmmm. That was yummy."

She then sucked and cleaned his big pole and moaned like a whore the whole time as Paul patted her on the head like a lap dog.

"That's a good slut. Yeah. Good little cumslut. That's it. Clean my cock. Don't miss anything. Not one speck. Good girl. Good girl."

My Wife was moaning as she licked his big tool the way he demanded. My cock was granite.

I got naked as she finished him and when she was done, I told her to get back on her hands and knees. I gave Jake the camera and told him to make sure he got plenty of shots.

"Ok, Amy, you little slut. Your anal cherry is about to get popped. Tell me what you want, slut."

"Oh baby! I want your big cock so bad. I have been a very bad girl and my ass needs to be punished. I want you be my ass Master. From now on, you can fuck my ass whenever you want. I'm a bad little slut to make you wait so long. Give it to me good and hard! Teach me a lesson! Mark your territory!"

She had her face sideways on the ground as she said all this and her ass was in the air. This weekend was going to be worth it, I thought to myself. Watching my beautiful Wife get reamed by other men was as tough as it was exciting, but having her ass open for business was a big step forward for me and my cock!

I squeezed some lube onto my hand and rubbed it into her little ass. I then lubed up my eight plus inches and I was ready.

"Here it comes, you little whore. Tell your Master what you want"

"I want your big cock in my virgin asshole and I want the guys to watch me get deflowered! Fuck my ass, Master. Make it hurt! Break my little cherry!"

I felt my cock surge as she said that. I was about to pop and so was Amy's ass. I had my tool poised at her entrance just slightly pressed up against her little puckered hole.

Click.

Jake was on the job!

She was whimpering as I slowly tried to force her back passage open. She tensed up a bit and I held still for a few seconds as she tried to relax. Then I began to push slowly but with more force.

Click.

My head was beginning to open her. I leaned in a little more and waited for her ass to give way as she told me what she wanted.

"Oh god. Oh god. I want it! Give me that cock in my dirty little ass! Do me, Master! I'm a bad girl!"

I just kept leaning in slowly and her little sphincter finally gave way. I pushed the head slowly into her ass. Holy shit was she tight back there. 

The threshold had been crossed after more than ten years of our sexual relationship and thirty two years of her life. Amy's ass was now officially on the menu and open for business.

I leaned in a little harder and about half of my tool eased right into her ass. It felt even better than I'd imagined it would. It was tight like a vice and was as hot as an oven. Her moans of pain and pleasure echoed throughout our little valley and her ass was squeezing on my cock as I fucked her deliberately back and forth. She was putting so much pressure on my cock with her ass muscles that I knew I was not going to last that long. 

I grabbed her hips and forced more of my tool into her. She gasped and her head was thrashing from side to side as she experienced anal for the first time with my big cock.

"Oh my god! Yes, Master! Violate your slut Wife! Defile me! Make me your dirty little whore! Own my ass, Master! Stretch out your little slut!"

My cock was harder than it had been in years. I pushed it deeper and she was powerless to stop it. She groaned and kept telling me over and over to stretch her ass out. 

Click!

I pushed into her ass again and I was buried completely right up to my balls. I held it there for a few seconds and felt her ass work on my cock. It was exquisite. Then I started to pump her ass with faster full strokes. She took it like a champ and kept egging me on.

Click!

"Oh god! Oh my god! Yes, Master! Fuck my ass with your big cock! It hurts so much! Punish me! I'm a bad girl! Punish me with your big cock! Make me pay for being such a dirty whore with your friends! Fuck my ass!"

"Take my whole cock, you fucking slut! Take your punishment!"

I could feel my load boiling in my balls. I slammed my whole length into her a few more times and I was about to erupt. I pulled my tool out of my Wife's ass with a few seconds to spare.

Click!

"Get up and take my load, you slut!"

Click.

She scrambled to her knees and opened her mouth as I dumped a huge wad onto her tongue. 

Click.

I spurted about five times and my aim was true. 

Click.

She gulped it all down and attacked my cock without being told. She sucked her ass off of me as she moaned like a total slut. 

Click... Click... Click.

God I loved this woman.

I knew at that moment that I was the luckiest man alive. 

Amy sucked me as Jake snapped more pictures of her cock worship. It was so dirty. I just couldn't believe that the woman sucking her ass off of my cock in front of my friends was my Wife. It was totally out-of-body.
