 Teresa took one last look before closing the trunk of her car. She had been looking forward to this little get-away for some time and didn't want anything to go awry. If she forgot something now it would be a long hike out of the Rockies before she could get it. Being sure that she hadn't missed anything, she closed the trunk, checked the ties on the canoe and locked the front door.

Each year since collage the three friends had gotten together for this hiking and camping trip into the high country east of San Francesco. Even after 10 years, two marriages and three children, they still found the time to get away together. This would be the first year that Patty wouldn't be able to make it. She and her family had just moved to LA two months before. Her husband Joe had just taken the new job and they were still working to settle into the new house. With the kids in a new school Patty was reluctant to leave them and Joe alone. She had promised to make sure to make it the next year and felt bad that she was the first of the three to have to back out. Both Teresa and Michelle assured her that they understood and that she would be sorely missed.

After stopping to top off the tank Teresa jumped on the freeway and headed to Michelle's house. Knowing how Michelle was about being ready Teresa had told her that she would be there the hour before. No sooner had she taken the exit when her cell rang.

"Hello?"

"Where are you Teresa?" Michelle asked. " I have been sitting here for a half hour now. Mom has been here for an hour now."

"I'm just turning onto Samson St. now. You all ready?"

"Of course Tee! I'm all packed. Mom and I went food shopping early this morning. I called Nick last night and he has agreed to pick up Jenny from school so Mom doesn't have to."

"You mean he didn't freak out?" Teresa said shocked. "That's rare!"

"Yeah, I know," Michelle giggled. "I had to promise to not bitch next month when he is late with the support. He and that bitch of his have plans to go away."

"OK, I am turning onto your street now. Be there in 10 seconds."

"I see you. Bye!"

Four hours later found the two friends sitting in a booth at the restaurant that was part of a complex of buildings that serviced the crowds who came out for a day of tubing and water fun. Teresa paid for the weeks parking while Michelle ordered for both of them. With it being a Monday the crowds were light. The two collage kids who worked the counter jumped at the offer of $30 to unload the canoe and their packs while they ate. After paying the check they walked to the docks to find the canoe loaded and ready to go.

"Hold on a minute Tee. I need to change out of these clothes. I expected it to be cooler."

" It is pretty warm. Maybe I'll change too. Once we get going I don't want to stop till we get to the site."

After digging through their gear they headed to the bathhouse to change. Being roommates in collage for three years both had long since lost any shyness about nudity. Michelle's slim figure and long blond hair contrasted Teresa's exotic looks and jet-black hair. While stepping into a pair of denim shorts Teresa noticed Michelle smiling at her.

"What's so funny?" Teresa asked.

"Ohh nothing really." Michelle said shyly.

"We have been friends to long for me to buy that." Teresa giggled.

"I'm just admiring your breasts Tee." Michelle blushed. "I always thought they were nice. I'm just amazed at how well they have held up all these years. Are you embarrassed?"

"Ten years ago I might have been." Teresa laughed. " But now I am proud. It's called a bra hun."

Tying her bathing suit top in place Teresa winked at her old friend and smiled.

"Ready?" Teresa asked.

Michelle pulled the blue tank top into place before turning and heading to the door.

"I am now." Michelle said.

Both Teresa and Patty had always known that Michelle enjoyed both men and women. But she had never made a move on either of them. Her interest in other women had pretty much remained unspoken even to her ex. Only after she caught him with a woman in his office did she explore that part of her nature again. Teresa had even met and had dinner with one of Michelle's friends who was a lovely woman. As they walked toward the door Teresa blushed at finding herself admiring her friends figure. She had fantasies of course but never truly considered acting on them. 

Once on the river they chatted as they paddled deeper into the back woods. Teresa couldn't shake the image of Michelle's body from her mind no matter how hard she tried. Even as roommates ten years before, the thought intrigued her. But Michelle never gave the impression she was interested. At least Teresa never thought she did. Now as they paddled she recalled all the times Michelle would come cuddle with her and talk about the different guys they were dating. When Patty was home she was nothing but proper though. 

Two hours on the river together and alone emboldened Teresa enough to finally ask the question that had been bugging her.

"Can I ask you something Michele?"

"Sure Tee. Ask away." Michelle said over her shoulder.

Sitting at the back of the canoe and not having to look directly at Michelle seemed to make asking the question all the more easier.

"Why didn't you ever make a move on me?" Teresa blushed. 

Fir what seemed like an eternity Michelle didn't answer. Teresa could feel the embarrassment washing over her as the seconds ticked by. She was just about to blurt out an apology when Michelle smiled and answered.

"Well, to be honest Tee, I never thought you were interested. I know Patty isn't. She made that quite clear back in collage. I always thought you were sexy. But the only times we get together these days is when Patty is with us and she would never understand."

"Ohh, OK." Teresa smiled as they paddled along. 

"Does the idea interest you tee?"

"I don't really know hun." Teresa replied honestly. "The idea of it has always intrigued me. But I never acted on it. I was just wondering is all. It's been on my mind since I noticed you looking back in the changing room."

Michelle just giggled and changed the subject. The next few hours passed uneventfully as they paddled their way to the campsite the three women had been using for ten years. Neither woman mentioned it again but Teresa couldn't help watching Michelle as they paddled along. Her eyes kept drifting down along Michelle's sweat soaked tank top. She admired how her friend's tiny waist tapered out to her wide hips and firm round butt.

As each hour passed she found herself more and more intrigued at the thought of her friends lips pressed against hers. She tried to rationalize it as just a fantasy derived from her rather long dry spell. It had been six months since her last date and two years since her breakup. Besides her regular use of her favorite toy it had been some time since a sexual experience with another person. It had also been a week since she last made use of her little friend. Some time soon she would have to get by herself and relieve the tension that was surely building in her. She vowed to herself to find some time later that night for herself.

Once at the site they quickly made camp and started a fire. By early evening they had finally finished.

"Want to get a fire going for dinner?" Teresa asked.

"To be honest, I need to wash off." Michelle answered. All that paddling has me drenched to the skin. I think I'm going to go down to the river for a bit. Want to come?"

"I......I think I'll collect some wood for the fire." Teresa stammered blushing. "Maybe I'll come down in a little while."

"All right Tee." Michelle smiled. "See you there!"

Michelle grabbed the soap and a towel from her pack and slowly walked off toward the river. Teresa's heart raced as she watched her dear friend walk off. She was sure Michelle's invitation was more then just casual. Her face flushed, her nipples stiffened and a warm tingling of desire washed over her as the years of fantasies raced through her mind. A part of her wanted to get up and follow her friend to the river. But another was embarrassed that she was even considering it. Without thinking her hand slowly started to caress the soft skin along her thigh. Still confused and shocked at the building desire she was feeling for another woman she allowed her fingers to dance over her shorts and trace circles over her clit. Waves of passion washed over her and the erg to relieve her sexual tension grew stronger. 

"What am I doing?" She thought to herself as her fingers continued to lightly caress her pussy. "I can't do this now. Michelle can come back at any minute."

A wave of passion washed over her and her nipples ached under her top. She leaned back a bit to allow her hand to slip under the band of her shorts and slide between her damp lips. Teresa shuddered as her fingers danced over her clit. The thought of her old friend returning to find her masturbating instead of embarrassing her now filled her with lust. She burned for the touch of another person. Still embarrassed that the other person she desired was her best friend Teresa pulled her hand away and sat there dazed. Her body ached for sexual release. But these new thoughts confused her. 

"The cold water of the river will help." She told herself. I'll go wash off and that will help. I can wait until Michelle goes to sleep tonight and then find some place quite to do this."

She slowly stood and walked toward the bank as she tried to bury her desires. As she approached she found Michelle standing naked in thigh deep water. Her friend was bent at the waist and slowly lathering her leg when she looked up and smiled. She stood and turned to face Teresa who stood on the bank of the river almost as if in a dream.

"Change your mind Tee?" She smiled. "You're just in time to wash my back. Get out of those things and come join me."

Teresa stood there for what seemed like an eternity. She had seen Michelle naked before. All those years in collage as roommates and the years of camping trips had made it impossible that she wouldn't. None of the three women had been exactly shy about their bodies. Even the redheaded Patty had joined them in the river at times. Teresa was sure Patty knew of Michelle's sexual tendencies but never seemed shy about being nude in front of them. Why did she hesitate now? 

"Well just don't stand there silly." Michelle giggled. "You coming in or not?" 

Almost as if in a dream Teresa reached up and untied her top. A cool wind blew over her breasts as she dropped the top onto the pile of Michelle's clothes. Too embarrassed now to look at Michelle, she hooked her fingers into the band of her shorts and pushed them over her hips. She stood there for a moment in her panties not sure what to do next. It was then that she noticed Michelle looking at her with the same expression she had earlier in the day when they were changing. Teresa could feel the sexual tension in the air. In a moment of boldness she slipped out of her panties and walked toward her friend. 

The cool water at first shocked her was she walked out to where Michelle still stood smiling. Teresa could feel her gaze on her body, which only made the unfulfilled passion burning in her to burn hotter. Her breasts ached to be touched and the tingling between her legs sent wave after wave of passion rushing through her. As she reached Michelle she took the soap from her hand. Michelle turned around without a word and stood waiting.

Teresa could feel every nerve in her body tingle as she looked at Michelle as if for the first time. Michelle's long blond hair was pulled into a ponytail that hung to the middle of her back. Her petite frame tapered to a small waist, which in turn highlighted her wide hips and firm round buttocks. Michelle's alabaster skin glistened in the evening light that filtered through the canopy of the trees. Small dark nipples that seemed to fit her tipped her small conical breasts. Teresa had always admired them when compared to her large firm breasts. Michelle's nipples seemed to stand out from her breasts like firm little cherries on top of two sundaes. Teresa's nipples, though firm and hard when stimulated, were almost lost in the size of her breasts in comparison.

Almost as if apart from her body Teresa reached out and slowly worked the soap over Michelle's back. Warmth centered between her thighs washed over her as she ran her hands over her friend's body. She felt the warm smoothness of Michelle's skin against her palms as she slowly worked the soap to lather. Without conscious thought she ran her hands over Michelle's shoulders and down the small of her back. As her hands ran lower across Michelle' s firm hips Michelle seemed to shudder.

"Mmmmmm," Michelle said, "That feels so good Tee. A little lower."

As if not in control of her own body Teresa's hands slipped lower and slowly caressed Michelle's firm bottom. Chills shot through her as her fingers danced over Michelle's buttocks. She ran her hands down over Michelle's soft skin and between her cheeks until she could feel the warmth from between Michelle's thighs. Sudden realization of the moment froze Teresa in indecision. The real possibility of what was happening sank in and filled her with indecision. Both women stood there not moving or talking. Teresa's fingers were inches from Michelle's pussy. She was at the point of no return and knew it. Go farther and she was sure she would succumb to desire. But if she stopped now she was sure Michelle would not persue it.

Almost as if understanding Teresa's indecision, Michelle stepped away and turned to face her. Smiling, Michelle knelt down and washed off the soap. After a moment She stood again and reached for the soap.

"Here Tee, let me wash you now."

Flush with passion Teresa turned and waited. Ever so gently Michelle ran her hands over Teresa's shoulders and wide back. Her touch sent shocks through Teresa's body. Her copper toned skin tingled as Michelle's hands danced over her body. Ever so slowly Michelle moved lower. Teresa's knees went weak as Michelle slowly caressed her hips. A shudder ran through her when she felt Michelle's soft touch caress her bottom. Her nipples hardened and her clit ached as Michelle gently ran her fingers between Teresa's thighs. Teresa could feel the wetness between her thighs at the thought of Michelle's fingers caressing her lips. She sighed as Michelle's fingers moved closer to where she now needed them to be.

Then suddenly Michelle withdrew her hands. In surprise Teresa looked back at her friend in begging want.

"Turn around Tee." Michelle giggled. "I need to wash the front."

Electric shocks shot through Teresa as she turned to face her old friend. She could feel her clit burn and her lips part at the anticipation of Michelle's touch. Michelle reached out and slowly ran her soapy hands over Teresa's breasts and shoulders. Teresa went weak and leaned into her friend as wave after wave of sexual want washed over her. As of their own accord, her hands rose and found Michelle's firm little breasts. Michelle sighed and shuddered as Teresa's fingers danced over her hardened nipples. Any shyness that remained disappeared as Teresa leaned in to find Michelle's lips. The softness of Michelle's kisses were different then any man's she had known. Teresa could feel Michelle's hands dance over her tummy and tease the dark hair between her legs. Her tongue danced over Michelle's lips ever so softly. In return Michelle's tongue reached out until it found hers. Wave after wave of passion washed over Teresa as she lost herself in the moment. 

Michelle's fingers danced over Teresa's hair again but didn't stop there. As her lips moved to Teresa's neck her fingers slid lower until they parted her lips and found her now engorged clit. 

"Oh god yes." Teresa moaned. "Don't stop."

"Mmm, you're so wet Tee." Michelle whispered in her ear. 

Without a word Michelle pulled her now wet fingers from Teresa's wanting clit and raised them to her lips. Smiling She slipped them into her mouth.

"Mmmm, you taste so good Tee. You have me so wet right now."

With that she grabbed Teresa's hand from her breast and guided in between her legs. Teresa could feel Michelle's full lips against her hand and did what she liked when she masturbated. Ever so gently she slipped her fingers down between Michelle's lips. Michelle's wetness coated her fingers as she parted them to find her clit. Teresa was shocked at its size. It seemed to stand out of it's own from Michelle's large thick lips. Michelle moaned deeply as her fingers slowly circled the thick button. The excitement she was surely giving Michelle excited Teresa even more. Not knowing why Teresa brought her hand to her own lips. She had never tasted a woman other then herself and burned with the desire. She could smell Michelle's musky dampness as she raised her fingers to her lips. Just as Michelle had done, She placed them to her lips and sucked them in. The sexiness of the moment sent waves of joy through her. The taste of Michelle's pussy made her want more. Michelle's hand had returned to her clit as she slowly caressed Teresa's lips.

"I want to lick you." Teresa moaned. " I want to feel you cum as my tongue caresses your clit."

Teresa's boldness seemed to shock Michelle for a moment. Then without a word she took Teresa's hand and led her to the riverbank. Once there she took the towel and laid it out.

"Lay down." Michelle almost seemed to demand.

Teresa laid on the towel and looked up to Michelle wondering what to expect. Michelle smiled before knelling beside her to kiss her softly. Then without a word Michelle swung her leg over Teresa's shoulder to straddle her face.

"Relax and just do what comes to you Tee." Michelle said before leaning down.

Teresa laid there looking up at her friend's obviously wet pussy. The sounds and smells of the forest mixed with the damp musky smell of Michelle's pussy now inches from her face. Teresa laid therefore a moment and admired it. She took in the differences between her own and this one now obviously excited. A small tuft of sandy blond hair gave way to thick pouting lips that parted to reveal a large thick clit. Without thinking Teresa reached out with one hand to caress that lovely clit. She could feel and see Michelle's wetness as it coated her fingers and glistened on her lips. Suddenly She felt something warm and wet dance over her clit. A wave of electric shocks shot through her causing her to shudder. Michelle's tongue danced lightly over her lips until it found her clit. Teresa was not new to oral sex but this was different. Michelle seemed to know exactly what to do to bring the most pleasure. As Michelle took Teresa's clit between her lips Teresa arched her back to push her now throbbing clit into her friends mouth. 

Teresa could feel her body respond as her orgasm built. Without thinking she reached up, cupped Michelle's bottom and pulled her pussy to her lips. Her tongue reached out to dance over Michelle's clit.

"Mmmm that feels so good Tee. I'm going to cum!"

"Ohh god yes!" Teresa mumbled into her friend's pussy. "Don't stop!"

Teresa's own passion drove her on to bring Michelle the same joy. By the way Michelle was moving against Teresa's lips and tongue it was obvious that Teresa was doing a fair job. Then suddenly she felt Michelle stiffen and press her pussy hard against Teresa's mouth. Teresa's face was suddenly awash with Michelle's orgasm.

"OHHHH Yes Tee! I'm cumming!!!!"

Feeling and tasting her friend's joy was more then Teresa could stand and wave after wave of one of the strongest orgasms she had ever experienced crashed through her body. Ever so slowly they both teased each other down from their orgasmic high until Michelle rolled off to the side. Neither spoke for the longest time as they basked in the warm glow. Michelle was the first to move. Sitting up she lightly traced circles over Teresa's breasts.
