 Fiona Lindsay sat to the rear of the coach, slightly dreamy and looking forward to her day out. She was with friends, lots of them. Since her boyfriend David and she had split quite amicably, she hadn't really been looking for a new serious boyfriend though she had to admit she missed her Sunday afternoon shags with him. She was just 19 and if she hadn't been Scottish, you would have called her an 'English Rose'.

Fiona looked a shy soul. She was slim, blonde with quite short hair but not to the level of being boyish. Her body was trim and her breasts were what would be called "pert." Her main attribute, she thought, was her bottom. Rather than the full pear shape of most women, her bottom was almost boy-like and, for some reason, boys liked it.

David's attentions for her had been wandering and their one night out and one Sunday afternoon in (while his parents were out each Sunday) had given her a taste for regular shagging and for cock sucking. She loved a cock just before it came when it went really hard and then the force of cum shot out and hit the back of her throat. Every Sunday, David would give her a really good shagging and then he would doze off, while she cuddled down to his soft cock and take around an hour of gentle sucking to bring him back up to strength so she could blow him off as an encore.

As she dreamed, the excited chatter of her friends around her, she was aware someone was looking at her from the front of the coach. It was Neil Johnston. Neil was 18 and seemed to fancy her. She liked him too. He looked younger than her, mainly due to his sandy hair and freckles. He was turned in his seat and he smiled and waved to her. She smiled back. The trouble with Neil is by the time he got round to shagging her she would be a granny! He was so slow.

Fiona snapped back into the present, aware that she was slightly damp between the legs with all these thoughts of shagging and cum and she blushed, hoping the damp patch would dry before she had to dance. Fiona was a member of the Inverlessie Scottish Country Dance Team whom along with the Inverlessie Pipe Band, were heading from their base in Edinburgh to the Inverkeithing Highland Games just a 30 minute or so coach trip. Ordinarily, Fiona's parents would pick her up afterwards and take her home but her aunt had died in the South West of England so Fiona was on her own at home for a few days and was travelling both ways in the coach. Secretly, she hoped that Neil might pluck up the courage to come home with her and fuck her brains out but she didn't hold out much chance.

She felt quite smart in her red and blue tartan skirt and white blouse with a matching tartan sash diagonally across her chest. All the pipe band members, male and female, wore the same tartan and as she looked around the coach, she wondered if all the guys were following tradition and wearing nothing under their kilts. Obviously the dancers did for practical reasons but there was no need for the pipe band. Her eyes looked up and down at the assortment of guys from those in their sixties and then all decades down to boys her own age and she thought of all the cocks dangling beneath their legs. She flushed again and realised she must now have a large damp patch on her white panties by now.

Neil was standing in front of her and her mind briefly wondered if his cock was hanging free. She almost felt like putting her hand up between his legs to check but realised there was a time and place for everything.

"Glad you're coming back in the bus," he said. "Can I sit beside you afterwards?"

"Of course you can," she replied. "What normally happens when we get back to Edinburgh?" she asked Neil.

"Not a lot. I usually go back to my Uncle Rob's place and we have a few beers," was his uninteresting reply.

She looked at Uncle Rob. Rob Campbell's wife had left him a couple of years before. He was around 35 she figured, maybe older, and if you liked guys twice her age, he was very good looking. His hair was receding but he shaved it to designer stubble and it made him quite sexy. Beside him stood his younger brother, who was called Jack. Apparently, Jack was short for Jackson Campbell after some film star in the 1980's. Now Jack was closer to her type. He was a rough diamond but was really fit. She loved the way his kilt ran over his bum leaving a little ledge at his waist above his bum almost big enough to stand a glass of beer. His piercing blue eyes and dirty blonde hair made her shiver. He saw her and winked and she blushed again, the brief thought of his cock below his kilt adding to the heat in her cheeks.

".....so we could go back their if you like." Neil had been talking during her daydream session.

"Oh fine! Eh where did you say?" 

"Rob and Jack have a few of us round after we get back, 'cos you know he has his own place since Julie left him."

"Cool," she said pleased to be treated as a grown up and not the mollycoddled child whose parents always picked her up after an event.

The Highland games went well and Fiona felt on top form. They came second and the pipe band came third in their sections so it seemed to be a cause to celebrate. The weather had held and Fiona managed to get a little quiet time with Neil. He had a beer and she had a Bacardi Breezer and enjoyed the little buzz it gave her. The day flew in and soon it was early evening and they were on their way home. Neil sat beside her and gave her a little kiss on the way back. Her heart fluttered and she so wanted some sex!

When everyone climbed off the coach Neil pulled Fiona over and said to Rob, "Can she come back too?"

"Do you drink?" he asked.

"Yes," she said.

"You're invited," he said walking away.

Back at the top floor tenement flat were a small group. There was three of the girl dancers including Fiona, one male dancer, and the rest were pipers, including the Campbell brothers. The two other females were definitely attached to two of the pipers and they spent most of the time snogging each other's faces off. The remaining two guys were friends of Rob and seemed to be in their late thirties. One guy sat opposite Fiona and winked at her. He wasn't that attractive but the way he was sitting on the floor, Fiona realised she could see his balls and his cock lying on top of them. His cock didn't look too big but she found it very erotic. He didn't know she could see until someone suddenly pointed out that his "meat and two veg" were showing and he quickly adjusted himself.

Fiona and Neil went an errand for more beer. She had had about four glasses of wine and was feeling quite relaxed but very horny and Neil was being quite forward, kissing her on the lips as they went down the stairs and actually squeezing one of her breasts gently before apologising. As he kissed her, she could feel his cock press against her front and the tent in his kilt suggested he wasn't wearing any underwear either. She was very tempted to grip it but curtailed herself.

When they returned back with the beer, the house had almost emptied. Only Rob and Jack were there. 

"Where's everyone?" said Neil.

"Och they've all got something or someone to do," said Rob. "All that's left are two virgins and two guys who are over the hill."

"I wouldn't say that," said someone and Fiona realised it had been her. "Sorry I spoke out loud," she said, blushing again.

"When a pretty virgin girl gives me a compliment, I take it with both hands," said Rob.

"I'm not......" she started to say then stopped, realising with wine was talking telling them she wasn't a virgin might not be a good idea.

She felt very comfortable with them. No one was being suggestive to her and no one was coming on to her. Sadly neither was Neil. The talk was of the day's piping and the afternoon's football results and soon it was after ten o'clock. Fiona's mother had phoned and she chatted away about the day and when she returned to the room, Rob was sitting up on the back of the sofa talking animatedly about some goalkeeper or another and Fiona sat back down. She looked up and suddenly realised she could see Rob's cock and balls. His legs were apart and, as he was at the higher level they were quite clear. The others sat either side and couldn't see the same view. 

His cock was huge. It was bigger soft than David's had been fully erect. She began to dream again and wondered what it would feel like inside her, or better still, spraying cum in her mouth. Rob was talking now about some dancer he had been chatting up and when she looked again his cock was getting hard. This beautiful creature had foreskin which was peeling back gently as it rose. Rob put his hand under and adjusted it and as he did, he caught Fiona's eye and realised she had been watching. He smiled at her.

"He lads, come up here," he said, patting the sofa back beside him. "I want to talk to you about this pretty young girl.

The guys, all quite drunk, clambered up beside him, not fully realising that their tackle was on full display to Fiona.

"What you see here, Fiona," he said, slightly pulling his kilt up, "is a selection of Scottish manhood. You have a mature beast with the equipment and looks to match, you have a young stud with some experience and a lot of energy and you've got a wee virgin there who's not quite sure how to work with what he's got but he's a cutie anyway. Now who would you pick?"

Fiona blushed again. She could see all three cocks. Only Rob's was hard, probably because the others had no idea what he was talking about. She wondered if they did know, would they be hard too. She felt very wet down there again.

"I can't choose," she said.

"Can't choose because you don't want any or can't choose because you want all three?" said Rob. He turned to either side in turn and said," Guys show her what a man is made of, open your legs."

Jack did immediately and she saw his cock jump. Neil looked on in a mad panic. Rob looked at him, lifted his kilt and exposed his enormous cock to Neil. 

"If I can you can," he said.

Fiona smiled as she saw Neil, embarrassed as he was immediately responding between the legs. One minute he was soft and the next he was rigid.

"Now which do you want?" said Rob.

"All three!" 

There was that voice again. She realised it was hers but wasn't quite sure what she was asking for. She was quite drunk, she knew that, but more importantly she was hornier than she had ever been in her life. She was on fire inside and the lining of her vagina was twitching. She so wanted fucked!

Fiona stood up and slipped off her panties. "We're even now," she said sitting back down.

She couldn't believe what she was doing, it was so out of character but she also could see three horny guys, including a very embarrassed Neil and more importantly, three hard cocks. The thoughts of what was about to happen made her feel weak at the knees and she felt so, so dirty!

"Right Neil, go and get some practise and let your uncles watch you lose your cherry," said Rob.

Rob was Neil's mother's brother. The family connection made Fiona hotter still. Neil stood up, his cock stuck out with the kilt like a pelmet, being held up as it rested on it. He pulled off his white shirt and displayed a naked chest with a few freckles sprinkled across it and started to remove his kilt.

"Don't, said Fiona.

She liked the idea of pipers fucking her and removing the kilt would shatter that illusion. He walked tentatively over to stand in front of her and Fiona leaned forward, lifted the tartan fabric and engulfed his five or six inch cock in one gulp. He gasped as her fingers caressed his red haired balls which were tight to his body and that wonderful scent of man invaded her nostrils. She sucked and sucked until he screamed for her to stop.

She did, just as Jack walked over. Jack was a real hunk and, stripped to the waist his trim, flat stomach had a trail of hair up to his navel and then a patch on his chest. His cock was a rod of iron. He was circumcised, only the second one she had seen. The length was around seven inches but it felt brick hard in her hand as she gripped him. Neil stood slightly to the side staring. Fiona assumed the first time he had seen his uncle's cock, and probably the first time he had seen a hard cock. She engulfed Jack's dick. The texture was so hard she hardly felt it was made of skin and she wondered how it would feel inside her with such firmness. She couldn't fit it all in her mouth so concentrated on sucking the head and top half. Little trickles of pre-cum flavoured and helped her sucking and, once more she gripped his balls as she sucked. His blonde hair was much more copious forming a thick curly mass around his balls and she loved the feel of the wiriness as she stroked. He too, asked her to stop as he was close.

"You are amazing young girl and no virgin, I guess," said Jack.

Fiona smiled. "Are you hoping to check," she asked.

"You bet," he replied.

As Jack stood back, she saw Rob coming towards her. Jack had obviously seen it before but Neil's mouth dropped. Fiona got the feeling that these two brothers had done a double act with some young lady before, such was their coordination. Fiona wasn't good at guessing but assuming Jack's was over seven inches, this one must have been close to ten but it was thick, very thick!

She stretched her mouth around the head and slid back his loose foreskin to reveal a plump head. The texture of this cock was softer than Jack's. It was still stiff and erect but it felt spongier. His balls were loose and heavy unlike the other two and interestingly, they had been shaved so were very soft to the touch. The balls filled her whole hand while her other hand held the brute in her mouth and sucked.

"Fucking Hell you're a born cocksucker if ever I met one," said Rob and he gently pushed the cock in and out of her mouth. 

Both other lads just stood, watching and stroking their own cocks. Rob withdrew and pushed Fiona back on the couch, lifting her kilt to reveal her open cunt. He gently fingered her.

"Christ you're wet," he commented, stating the obvious as two fingers disappeared inside her. "Let's make you wetter."

Pushing her legs wide open and in full view of the others, he buried his head between her legs and his tongue slipped into her sloppy opening. She felt his bristles on her but more importantly, his long tongue knew what it was doing. He lapped at her, he played with her little nub and he spread her wider to get further inside. A firework display went off in Fiona's head and someone screamed. She realised it had been her, as an orgasm washed over her. Never had she come so quickly.

Rob quickly stripped her naked to reveal her breasts and Neil was brought over to start sucking on her nipples. The rough tartan material was very erotic between her legs, as was his hard cock which kept slipping around her open cunt. The two older men stood back to give him some room and he, following his uncle's lead, dropped down between her legs and started slurping. He had none of the technique of his older uncle and his tongue more or less just slopped around inside her but it gave her some time to prepare for what she assumed was to come.

Uncle Rob handed Neil a condom. Neil unwrapped it and tried, with initial difficulty (they don't go on easily when inside out), to stretch it over his eager teenage cock.

"Are you ok with this?" he kindly asked. "It's my first time."

"I can't wait," she replied.

The rubber firmly in place, his cock was pushed between her legs and, after a false insertion, quickly disappeared inside Fiona. She gripped his arse under the kilt and he started to fuck her. Fiona was lost in oblivion. The hard teenage cock was just like David's and it's eager humping and Neil's heavy breathing really turned her on. He kissed her nipples as he fucked. He was never going to last long but she didn't care as she knew more was to come.

The wee lad groaned as his pace changed and his final three thrusts suggested a nice load of young cum was filling the rubber inside her. She could actually feel the pressure as the liquid fired inside to find itself restricted by the rubber teat. He pulled a dwindling cock out, the bag on the end showing he had plenty cum for her pleasure the next time she sucked him off. He pulled it off and for a moment she was going to ask him to tip it on her but she thought better of it. As he sat opposite, Jack came over to the sofa.

Fiona was completely naked and lying back with her legs bend and open. Jack went between them again and licked her cunt. She found the idea of one guy sucking where another cock had been very exciting and she lay back to give him full access. Rob slipped around and laid his heavy, semi-hard cock on her face. She took it in her hand and placed it between her lips. The liquid at the head dripped into her mouth. As she sucked, Jack took position and wrapped a rubber on his cock. He gently pushed into her and the additional size was most welcome as he slid his full length inside her. His hands were agile and he kissed her, with both hands taking a tit each. Rob has stood back again, waiting his turn. It was so lovely to be kissed and Jack was a good kisser. His tongue explored her mouth with a hunger as though it was looking for something to eat and his hard rod felt really satisfying inside her, reaching all the way into her body as he picked up speed.

That growing warmth started up her body again and she knew another orgasm was on its way. It grew and grew and Jack, sensing it moved his thrusting to allow his cock to have more purchase against her vagina wall as he fucked. That triggered it and the orgasm came with such frightening speed that she felt like she had had some kind of drug induced "high." She grabbed Jack's head and forced his mouth hard down on his, her tongue pushing back into his mouth as she did so. He came simultaneously and the pair of them collapsed backwards as his cock slid out and lay with the rubber full of cum dangling between his legs.

She glanced across and Rob stood with a wicked smile on his lips.

"Have you room inside for one more? He asked.

She smiled weakly but nothing was going to stop her being impaled on that monster. Thankfully her afternoon's dreaming had left her very wet inside and she felt she could manage him. Little Neil, by this time was standing watching and wanking, his cock in his hand.

Rob asked Fiona down on to the floor and he placed some cushions under her head. He, like the others, licked her slightly reddened cunt. He lapped around it and again Fiona got the feeling that these guys enjoyed licking a newly fucked cunt. The condom had some difficultly covering the length of Rob's cock but it had no trouble with width. He spent some time before entry, licking her thighs and her cunt, then traced up to her stomach and breasts. She enjoys this tenderness and it helped her return to an eagerness to enjoy Rob's cock.

When he entered, his experience showed. He was gentle and slow. He played around the entrance and gently teased her to this new width before starting to enter her. It felt like her first ever fuck. She remembered the boy at school who probably only had six inches but the feeling of this alien thing entering her body was both exciting and scary. The size of Rob was much greater and felt like she imagined giving birth in reverse. He took fully four or five minutes before it was fully inside her. He then slowly slid back and firth allowing her to accept the brute, before picking up a little speed. This casual session was enjoyable and little ripples passed through her body as the gentle fuck took place.

Now he was really inside her and his speed picked up. His kissing was rougher than Jack's but somehow really manly. His scent was that of a man. This guys was probably just five or six years younger than her father and his big man's cock was embedded in her teenage cunt. He licked her nipples, he kissed her again, he thrusted and sweated as he fucked. Jack watched from the sofa, his cock half hard but spent but Neil stood really close, still wearing his kilt and wanking furiously.
