 We woke up at about 8am on Sunday morning. Everyone had some cobwebs to shake off except for my Wife. Amy woke up happy. She stretched out with a nice yawn. She turned to me and proceeded to wrap herself around my body.

"How's the best husband in the whole wide world? I may never be able to thank you for the freedom you've allowed me. Most men would never have the confidence for such things. Thanks for understanding me."

"You're welcome, babe. It's been a blast so far. Are you going to be our little cumslut again today?"

"Oh yes! As long as my Master wants me too!"

I couldn't help but smile.

"Go for it, you little cockslut. Make me proud."

Amy smiled a big wide smile. Then she got up and went down to the stream to wash up while we got a small morning fire going and made some coffee. Despite the chilly temperature, she never bothered to put any clothes on. When she came back, her nipples could have cut glass. She looked beyond incredible with her deepening tan and shaved beaver.

It was going to be a great day.

The guys had some muffins to contribute, so we ate a nice breakfast. I had an idea about how we could play a little game to make the day exciting but also productive. If the boys were going to stay again, we'd need a lot more food. 

I proposed that two of us at a time would go to the fishing hole and one would stay behind and sexually dominate my Wife. The idea was that we'd keep a line in the water and a cock in my Wife all day long. Then we'd eat like kings at the end of the day. 

Amy would get to play sex slave all day long and she'd get a big finale after dinner. 

So again, one guy stays at camp and Amy services him at his whim. As for the two unlucky dudes, one would be fishing and the other would wait for his chance. As soon as a fish (of acceptable quality) was caught the angler who caught it could leave for camp and take his turn with my Wife. The man who had been at camp heads immediately to the stream to wait his turn and earn his way back to the submissive cockslut.

Once we had enough fish to have a really big dinner, we'd all head to camp and get back to servicing our little slut together.

Amy loved the idea and so the did the guys. We drew straws and Paul was to get control of Amy first and I was first to fish. Jake was the furthest from my Wife as the "on deck" angler. 

The men were all still nasty from the prior evening's festivities, so Jake, Paul and I went down to the stream to wash up. It was agreed that we'd commence the game as soon as we got back.

We were only gone about twenty minutes and the game began at 9:30am when Amy went over to Paul and dropped to her knees. She fished his cock out of his shorts and started worshiping his semi-hard monster. She was sucking and moaning like she had a disease and his cock had the cure. She clearly had a passion for sucking cock with an audience. It was obvious that she was going to want to do this on occasion and I'd be the Grinch to deny her something that made her so hot. 

Life had changed for sure.

We stayed and watched them for a few minutes. Amy's display was that fucking hot. As I mentioned, her skin had gotten even darker after all the sun she got on Friday and Saturday. My Wife had not even a hint of tan lines. She was one hundred and ten pounds of pure sex goddess and she was acting like a crazed porn star. 

After about five minutes of intense head, she begged him to fuck her and he was eager to help her out. My Wife got into doggy position on the blanket. Paul pulled his clothes off and got down on the blanket with her. He started to stuff her with his mammoth tool. She was going crazy as soon as he got the head inside.

Jake and I said nothing and took off. We both felt a sudden and compelling need to catch a fish and he needed me to land one first. We could hear my Wife having a huge orgasm before we were even out of ear shot.

"Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my good god! Fuck me, Paul! Your cock is the best! I love your big cock so much! Fuck me, baby! Fuck me... Fuck me...Fuck me! Oh my god, I'm cumming!"

Jake said nothing to me, but we both were probably thinking the same thing. My Wife was in love with another man's cock. Truthfully, if I didn't pack a big one myself, I would have been pretty fucking worried.

Once we made the fishing hole, I took Jake's advice on what fly to use and what spot to hit first. We were there for 45 minutes and not a nibble. Jake suggested just letting him catch two, but I have a thing about fair competition and I vetoed the idea. About a half hour later, I hooked a brook trout and was on my way back to camp. They had been alone for 90 minutes and I hoping they had finished. I got my answer soon thereafter as my Wife's cries of passion rang throughout the valley.

"Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh God yes! Fuck me Paul. I love your big cock so much. I feel so full! You are gonna make me cum! Oh god. Oh god. Oh my god!"

Could she possibly have been cumming for the past 90 minutes? I was still a ways from camp. This was going to be an interesting walk.

"Oh Paul. I love your big cock so much. It's so fucking big! Please keep pounding me! I'm your slut, Paul! My pussy belongs to your big cock! Please keep fucking me! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! I love your cock so much!"

"That's right, slut! Whose pussy am I fucking?"

"Oh god, Paul. Don't make me say it again!"

I could hear the naughty smile in her voice. My Wife was in fuck heaven. She was really loving the dirty talk!

"Say it whore! Whose pussy is it? Or should I stop?"

"It's your pussy! It's your pussy! Oh my god, it's your pussy! Paul owns my pussy! I love Paul's big cock! Oh god... Oh god... Oh god... Ohhhhhh!"

She came so hard that birds were leaving their perches. This was pretty amazing stuff. I was hard as a rock and nearing the final turn to camp. Paul announced his load as I made the turn and I saw him pulling out just as they came into my view. Amy spun around and opened wide as Paul shot a huge rope of cum right into her mouth. She then attacked his cock and proceeded to suck him dry. I started clapping and they both looked my way, Amy with Paul's cock still in her mouth.

"Bravo! Bravo! Paul, you are needed at the stream. Amy, your mouth is needed on my cock."

I was stepping out of my clothes as I closed the 30 feet between the blanket and myself. I gave Paul a fist bump as we passed each other. He gave me a great big shit eating grin as he stuffed his half hard tool into his shorts and headed off.

As I neared my Wife, she started towards the edge of the blanket to meet me. I knew that with Jake fishing, my time was limited.

My cock was already hard as a rock after listening to them for the last 200 yards of my walk. I changed my mind about the blowjob and I told her to stick her tail in the air. I was going to fuck her ass.

I poured lube onto her rosebud and rubbed some on my tool. I pushed into her slowly until her hole gave way and then I started to pound away at her ass. She was giving me what I wanted.

"Oh yes Master, fuck my dirty ass. Make me your whore. I love your big cock! Fuck your little slut! Own me! Own my ass!"

I was fucking her hard and fast and her tight rear end was going to make me cum. I got in a few more deep strokes and I was right on the verge. I pulled out and Amy spun around and took my whole load and gulped it down before cleaning her ass off of my cock.

We collapsed on the blanket.

"So my dear, you are quite the little cock whore for my friend Paul."

"Oh honey, I'm so sorry, but I'm totally hooked on his big cock. It feels so dirty to have a guy who is not my husband fucking me like that. I feel like such a slut and I am cumming harder than I ever have in my life. Being fucked in front of you is such a huge turn on. I feel so dirt and kinky knowing that you are watching me orgasm with another man. For the last hour I just kept waiting for you to show up. I kept thinking about whether you were there watching your Wife take his big cock. I came six times while you were gone and Paul came twice! He's a machine!"

I was a complex collection of emotions and urges at that point and I did my best to roll with it. Before I had a chance to really respond to Amy, Jake was there. He must have caught something almost immediately. This rotation was not going to work well for me.

Amy got up and crawled to Jake on her hands and knees and began to fellate him with all of her newfound passion. She was sucking him with reckless abandon and would stop every so often to talk to him.

"Oh Jake, please fuck me. I need it! Make me do whatever you want. I'm your little cockslut."

"God damn, Steve, where did you find this slut? Does she have a sister? Careful there, slut, I won't make it to your ass if you keep that up."

She was moaning on his cock like a total slut and I left, so I could get back soon. I walked down to the lake and Paul was still trying to land his fish. We hung out and talked about what a sex-crazed Wife I had. He let me know that he was sorry for what happened to start this whole thing. I said that he should worry and that Amy was having a great time acting like a total slut. I told him she'd never been like this in the twelve years that I had been with her.

He assured me that they would never breathe a word of this to anybody and that they would leave as soon as we wanted them to. I reiterated that we were having fun and that Amy wanted as much sex as they could give her.

Then Paul got a nibble on his line and set the hook. Less then a minute later, he was off to stuff his big cock back into my Wife.

I got to work immediately. As much as I was enjoying the wild sex, I couldn't help but try to limit my Wife's time alone with Paul's massive tool. The sounds she made when it was inside of her bothered me in a way I just couldn't admit to anybody but myself.

I needed a fish.

About ten minutes later, Jake arrived with a worn out look on his face.

"Dude, your Wife is fucking insatiable. You're our fucking hero for sharing her with us. I've never cum so much in all my life. You are the luckiest guy alive."

"I know. She is incredible."

"Have you even had a nibble?"

"Nothing."

"See that submerged tree over on the other side? I bet you anything there's some trout under those branches in the shade."

"You know better than I."

I waded across the stream about fifty yards further down, where it was only about 15 feet wide and not all that deep. I got close to the spot and dropped a nice cast right where I wanted it. 

Strike!

A big trout hit my fly hard and had the hook. I set it firmly and brought the fish in. It took me a few minutes to get back to Jake and he took the fish and told me he'd deal with it.

I walked off casually, but I sped to a trot as soon as I was out of sight. I ran hard for about two thirds of the way and then walked so I wouldn't look out of breath upon my return. As I slowed and got closer, the now familiar sounds of my Wife's ecstasy could be heard reverberating throughout the forest.

I turned the corner and I saw Paul fucking my Wife in the ass. She was on her side with one leg up in the air against Paul's chest. He was on his knees pounding into her as she played with herself with one hand and pulled on her nipples with the other. She was completely randy.

I was psyched that I was about to stop him before he came. 

I cleared my throat with some authority. They both looked up. 

"Paul, you are needed down by the water. Amy, you can stay right there and got on your hands and knees."

Paul pulled his huge phallus out of my Wife and headed off to the lake with a huge unsatisfied boner. I went straight for my new toy, otherwise known as my Wife's ass. She was there, with her ass in the air, still moaning from the boning my friend had given her. I got in behind Amy and sunk all the way into her ass on one stroke.

I had already cum once and it was going to take a little longer this time, even with Amy egging me on with the kind of dirty talk that would embarrass Caligula.

I'd been hammering my cock into her ass for fifteen minutes when Jake showed up. No satisfaction for me. I was off to join Paul and the last thing I heard was Jake ordering Amy to suck his cock like she meant it.

When I got down to the stream, Paul was waiting for me with a freshly caught trout. He was off in a flash and a frustrated Jake was back in no time. We had caught three nice fish in a short period and only needed a few more at this point. Still, Paul was going to be in the saddle until I caught something.

Forty five minutes later, I was still waiting for a strike. Jake suggested hitting the same spot where I had landed my last one. Once again, I waded across the stream, but this time, a rock gave way beneath my right foot and I went flying sideways. I landed on a rock head-first and I was knocked out cold. Jake came to my aid and revived me. He helped me back to camp and as we approached we heard loud moans. When we finally arrived, Paul had his massive staff buried to the hilt in my Wife's pussy as she was having a crazy orgasm. We could see her whole body convulsing as she whimpered and moaned in orgasm.

Once she started to normalize, he pulled that monster out of my Wife and she started cleaning his cock with genuine enthusiasm. 

They had just cum together.

Jake called for some help and his raised voice rang through my head. I had a pretty good concussion and I was a little worried about making the trip out in the morning. My head was pounding worse than any hangover I'd ever had. If darkness wasn't less than three hours away, I'd have suggested leaving just in case I ended up needing medical help sooner rather than later. Luckily, I always carry real deal pain killers in addition to the usual acetaminophen and such. I had four vicodins and I was going to use them judiciously.

Amy was an athletic trainer in college and she checked out my pupils and my reflexes. I wasn't nauseous and I could think somewhat clearly, but the headache was extreme and it wasn't just at the area of impact. We had good reason to worry, but no real reason to panic to the point of trying to leave now.

They got me comfortable with some pillows and blankets and they got to gathering wood and prepping all the fish we'd caught, which would be more than enough for the four of us.

Once they got the fire lit, we all relaxed for awhile as darkness fell. We chatted about Amy's new found lust and she blushed as she told us about her dreams and about her deep rooted desire to not just have an encounter with a stranger, but to be ruled over and dominated.

We all agreed that she had realized her fantasy and so did she. Then she told us about an idea she had gotten while taking Paul's cock in her ass that afternoon. He'd been fucking her doggystyle and she was enjoying the scenery as well as the pounding. She said that she had noticed that this small cliff that sat above our campsite and about 30 yards away, would be right between us and the full Moon that was expected that evening.

Her photographer's eye was always on the lookout and she had a nice find here. What she had wanted to do, was to have Paul and I fuck her up on the little cliff while Jake stayed down her to work the camera. She thought that the profile of sex backlit by a full Moon would be incredibly erotic and it was hard to argue with her. Sadly, I was out of commission in a big way, but I still sensed a hopeful tone in her voice. 

I was right. 

She asked me if I was willing to switch with Jake and be the photographer. She was so excited about it. She had brought her tripod and she was going to set the shot up for me. All I had to do was hit the button, which I could hold from where I sat as it attached to the camera with a wire.

How could I say no?

So, we ate and drank and enjoyed our freshly caught dinner. Then Amy set up the tripod and camera. She used special film for these shots and she did some adjusting with shutter speed and what not. All I had to do was push the button and try to time the shots well.

Once the camera was all set, they took off. They would have a short hike and climb to get up there, and the climb would be no picnic in the dark, even with flashlights. It was a good ten minutes before they emerged up on the rock. They quickly stripped and spread the blankets out over the rock. They used three so her knees wouldn't get wrecked. Then my Wife went down on them. 

Click. Click. Click.

She went back and forth for a while until she was happy with their erections. Then they got into position.

Jake lay down on the ground. Amy mounted him and began to ride his cock. Paul got in behind Amy and slowly entered her.

Click. Click. Click.

There was my Wife up on the ledge with my buddies. Their profile was backlit by the full Moon. Amy was getting double penetrated, howling like a wild animal and thrashing her upper torso from side to side screaming "yes" over and over at the top of her lungs. Paul and Jake were holding her ass in place as her upper body arched and thrashed about. It was fucking wild.

Click. Click. Click.

You could live a thousand lifetimes and never see such a sight. Her photographic instincts were only being outdone by her animal instincts.

Click. Click. Click.

Now she was grunting each time Paul pounded into her from behind and moaning as he withdrew. It sounded like nothing I've ever heard. 

I'm sure she was climaxing. After a while, there was silence. I heard my Wife saying "no, I can't," and then she started moaning again. 

She can't? The word "no" had been removed from her vocabulary, so I couldn't comprehend what she had declined to do. Perhaps is was just something incidental.

A few seconds later, my Wife was getting fucked again and she was liking it.

"Oh yeah, fuck my ass!"

Then her tone changed to one of surprise.

"Oh my god! Oh my good god! Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh god. Oh my god!"

Those were the last intelligible words she uttered. She started making some intense groaning and grunting sounds. Then her head and body dropped down limply as she started to whimper and sob. For about two minutes, all I could hear were her whimpers and cries. Then, her volume increased and then it increased some more until she was screaming and wailing even louder than before.

Her moans echoed throughout our valley and to god knows where else. They fucked her relentlessly and the noises she was making sounded as much like agony as pleasure. It went on and on. Jake and Paul had cum so many times that they lasted and lasted and pounded my Wife relentlessly. Once again, she was thrashing about.

Click. Click. Click.

My Wife was wailing at the top of her lungs. This was pure animal lust. She was grinding down onto Jake as Paul stuffed her from behind and your could see Paul taking long aggressive strokes into her backside. His long sword, visible and backlit when he was farthest away from her, connecting their two bodies, was a quite an amazing sight. 

Click. Click. Click.

The scene really was amazing. If these shots came out, they were going to look erotic as all hell.

Click. Click. Click.

She continued to wail in a way that made me concerned as much as it made me excited. Maybe it's because I was incapacitated but I wanted to stop this now. I had seen and heard about enough. It was one thing waiting your turn, but this was torture of the highest order.

I didn't say anything. Inside, I was afraid they would ignore me. Of course, the way my Wife was screaming, I doubt I could have even gotten their attention.

She was moaning and whimpering as the air kept getting knocked out of her. This went on for a long long time. Finally, she started to moan even louder and in a more excited tone. This was an orgasm.

Click. Click. Click.
