 Tuesday

I had no idea what time it was, I guess about two AM. I normally sleep the night on my side but I woke up on my back. In the dim light I saw Ann on her knees between my legs and her hands on either side of my waist. My cock was being expertly massaged by her throat again. She was slowly and gently working it. I didn't know if she knew if I was awake so I didn't move and just enjoyed the sensation. She wasn't working me like to bring me to orgasm, more like keeping me hard. I was amazed that she could keep my whole dick (not that I am huge or anything) in her mouth and throat and still breath. I could feel her tongue working the underside of my cock. It felt outstanding. She slowly withdrew my dick about half way and then edged back down until her nose touched my crotch. She worked me for a few minutes but I gave myself away when on a down stroke a gasp escaped from my lips. 

Ann looked up at me seeing me looking down at her. She lifted off my dick and released me.

"Sorry, but it kept poking me and it was making it difficult to sleep. I thought I could blow you soft without waking you." Ann said.

I grinned, "That is definitely something I want to be awake for."

"Even better!" Ann replied as she went back to work on me. Now she didn't need to be subtle she worked my penis like a pro. I realized that she must have been at it a while since I was almost at the boiling point. Using a hand and her mouth I shot my load into her ever present mouth as she gave a satisfied groan. She worked her tongue all around me as I deflated swallowing every drop of my goo and leaving me clean. When I was soft she released me and moved up to cuddle with me again.

"That was great. Thanks." I said.

"My pleasure. Maybe now I can get some sleep without it poking my ass." Ann kidded.

"Hey, he likes you too."

"I'll take that as a compliment." Ann answered before leaning over to kiss me.

Normally I am a little queasy about kissing someone right after blowing my load in their mouth. I don't like the taste of my own cum but I felt that I owed it to Ann. When we swapped tongues I didn't taste anything unusual. I guess she swallowed every last morsel. That's my kind of woman.

We cuddled up again and soon were back to sleep.

I gradually woke up still spooned against Ann who was still snoozing away. I needed to piss real bad (like I do most mornings) and tried to disengage myself from her without waking her up. Unfortunately when I moved the arm under her head she stirred.

"Leaving me already?" Ann asked groggily.

"Gotta pee. Be right back".

I got up and went to the bathroom. When I came out Ann was sitting up on the bed and had straightened up the comforter and pillows. She also got her bag which was next to her.

"All better?" Ann asked.

"Just fine."

"Good, come here and lay down." She said.

I was curious and excited. I crawled back into bed and laid down next to her.

"No, on your belly." Ann stated. She had a commanding tone to her voice that concerned me. I did as she asked and she got up on her knees. She maneuvered between my legs and pulled my ass cheeks apart. Her tongue began teasing my asshole gently at first but began to penetrate me more and more. I heard her feeling around in her bag and then felt cold lube being applied liberally to my ass. She slipped a finger carefully into my ass which felt great. Soon a second finger was added which only increased my pleasure.

"I like to do this first thing in the morning after a guy wakes up because he's more relaxed. At least for the first time anyway." Ann reported.

She worked the two fingers in and out of me occasionally massaging my prostate gland which I really enjoy. I was enjoying the pleasure I was receiving and I could feel drops of precum dripping out of my still flaccid dick.

Ann carefully removed her fingers and said "Turn over for me."

I was happy too since it gave my junk room for expansion. I was positioned with my knees bent, feet on the bed and legs apart. Ann removed a small, smooth device from her bag and lubed it up. She carefully inserted into my anus and eased it inside. I wasn't about to tell Ann that I have handled much larger items just then. It felt nice and she worked it in and out. My cock began to straighten out of its own accord and soon was pointing straight north.

"Wow, you really do enjoy this, don't you?" she asked.

"Is it that obvious?" I joked.

"OK, I think you're ready for the next step. Please, trust me. I know what I am doing. Just relax and let me do it all for you. If there is any pain, tell me right away."

"I trust you and your amazing skills. Do with me as you wish. But remember, this ain't my first rodeo." I retorted.

"Oh, sounds like a challenge. OK buckaroo, hold on to your saddle for this."

I became concerned that I might have tossed out more than I could handle. Ann sat down between my legs with her legs under mine. She carefully removed the device in my ass and got something else out of her bag (I couldn't see since Ann was hiding it from me). More lube was applied and I felt something new touch my ass. It was slowly worked inside. The thing was significantly larger in girth and not smooth like the last one but Ann was being extremely slow and careful. I relaxed and allowed her to enter me and I have to admit it was real exciting to me. The unit penetrated me more and more and my cock was at full attention. Ann lubed up her hand and started stroking my dick slowly and gently. I can't remember my last hand job, it was like in high school. Women will rub you for a minute when making out and such but everyone I have been with either wants to fuck or suck. Jacking yourself off is nothing like having someone else touch you. She worked me like she had a dick. Just the right touch, the right hand position, the right speed. It felt great. The thing in my ass was sending me into overdrive and Ann's hand was drawing another load out of me quicker than I could have imagined. I was laying there in ecstasy when it came on strong and fast.

"I'm cumming!"

"Let it come baby."

I exploded very hard. I looked and saw the first spurt launch up about a foot, the second stronger must have hit about three feet as did the third. Ann was working the thing in my ass like an expert and jacking me with her other hand. She had aimed my dick so that the loads dropped onto my belly. She finished working me over and smoothly removed that thing from my ass. She crawled up and licked up all my cum that pooled on my belly. I was totally satisfied and well drained at this point.

After licking me clean she went to the bathroom to wash up. I was in no shape to move. She came out and picked up the toys to clean them. She let me see what she had put into me. It was a freaking huge black dildo complete with balls. It must have been over twelve inches long and at least five inches around. She carried her toys to the bathroom and I had a moment to reflect on this.

When Ann came out I said, "I can't believe you got that huge thing in me. I don't think I ever had anything that big in my ass before. How much length wise did you fit inside?"

"All of it baby. You took the whole dam thing like a champ. Actually I am kind of impressed with you."

"It was a little uncomfortable at first but it felt great. I can't believe I had that huge thing in me. You have serious skills but I bet you knew that already." I added.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it. First thing in the morning is the best time for anal play like this. I can't believe how high you shot your load. I thought we might be cleaning the ceiling right about now." Ann kidded.

"That was a strong orgasm for sure, it totally rocked me. So, coffee? Breakfast? Tea? What can I get for you?" I asked attempting to play the good host.

"Ah, you know the secret to keeping a fat girl happy. Feed her then fuck her."

"Am I that obvious?" I quipped.

"Yes. How about I buy you breakfast in the park?"

"Come on, I am old school. I buy. No arguments." I insisted.

"I'm not going to argue but I feel bad about drinking all your whiskey."

I sat up (the first movement I made since my orgasm) and worked my way over to Ann. I wrapped my arms around her and held her closely. 

"Believe me, you have more than earned your liquor in my book." I said before kissing her deeply.

When we broke the kiss Ann looked up at me. "You have the uncanny knack of making me feel very, very good and appreciated. Thank you for that. I really mean that sincerely."

Ann pulled away from me and started busying herself around the RV getting dressed. I think I saw a tear developing in the corner of her eye and she didn't want me to see it.

I went to wash up, I still had a butt load of lube. Good thing about the RV, the shower head is on a flexible hose so I can aim it right up my ass which makes cleaning up a breeze. We got dressed and when we were ready we headed out to the park. There is one place in the park that serves breakfast and I have to admit it's a good one. We place our order and sit down waiting for our number to be called. We both had coffee to sip on while waiting.

"So, what are you plans for the day?" I asked.

"Well, I want to go back to your RV and fuck you some more. Then head back to my site and find my sisters. We have plans for the day. I'll call you later on. Did you want to get together later?" Ann asked.

"No, I wanted to spend the day with you but I understand that you have plans. You are invited to spend the night with me again if you like."

Ann smiled, "I'd like that a lot. Thanks. You know, I am really comfortable around you."

"I feel the same way." I said sincerely.

Just then they announced our order number and I stood up to get our food. When I turned to go back to the table it was full of women and Ann did not look very happy. I walked over smiling and said, "Good morning ladies."

They all shut up immediately and looked me over. Ann was looking miserable but pulled herself up. "OK, you've seen him and embarrassed the shit out of me *again*. Now fuck off."

One sister said, "He looks like one happy camper, literally! Ann must have been working her magic real well."

Another said, "Ann honey, I can't blame you for wanted to spend the night with him. He looks like he knows what he's doing in the sack."

Ann popped up to her feet. "Listen bitches, this is a family place. Keep your voices and crude comments down or we'll all get tossed out of here. And for the record, (Ann dropped her voice to just above a whisper) I lost count of my orgasms somewhere past 50."

There were a few gasps from the sisters and I earned a few new looks of respect.

"Now, screw off and let us enjoy our meal in peace." Ann commanded. "You know I would never embarrass any of you like this even though I have had ample opportunities to do so."

Another sister asked me, "What's your name sweetie?"

"My name is David. Now, would you be so kind as to step away so we can eat please." I replied.

"Ever been with ten women at once?" I was asked.

"Nope, and don't plan on it. Please excuse us, I hate it when my food gets cold."

Another sister added, "We all could totally rock your world for you."

I placed the tray on the table in front of Ann, crossed my arms and said firmly, "I believe Ann said it best when she said 'FUCK OFF'! Have a nice day ladies."

That broke the back of the united front. The sisters stepped away from the table and went to order their food. I sat down and looked at Ann whose face was contorted in twenty two different directions at once.

"What's the matter? Did I do something wrong? Are you OK?" I was genuinely concerned for Ann.

"I have nine hundred different emotions bursting to explode out of me right now. First and foremost I am so thankful that you stood up for me and chased them away. Next I am so incredibility pissed off at them right now I could almost get violent with them. They all know I would never do this to them and that is really ticking me off."

I thought for a few seconds. "First, calm down. Eat your food before it gets cold."

Ann took a deep breath and bit into a piece of bacon.

"Good. Now relax. They are gone for the moment. Let it go. No harm, no foul. We'll go back to the site and give you more to brag about and you can gloat all day then come back to my place tonight for more ammunition." I continued.

That earned me a smile from Ann. "Good point. At least I'm the only one of them getting real dick this trip. Thanks for understanding David. I'm sorry but when I get humiliated I tend to get nasty."

"I'm not embarrassed, I'm actually very proud of you. Now let's eat and decide what nastiness we'll perform next." I said as I dove into my eggs.

We ate in peace and cleaned up our plates. We started walking back hand in hand when one of Ann's sisters ran up.

"Ann, wait a second. We all wanted to apologize to you. You were right, we treated you harshly. We are sorry, all of us are." The sister said.

Ann answered, "Fine, now I'm going to suck and fuck my brains out some more and when I'm done I'll be back at the site like I said I would. Until then stay away from us."

"OK, but we all want to make it up to you." The sister added.

"You can make it up to me by leaving me alone until you see me again. Bye." Ann snapped off before turning and walking away.

The sister and I looked at each other for a few seconds. "Nice seeing you again." I said before turning and trotting away to catch up with Ann. 

When I caught up to her I put my arm around her shoulder. She automatically put her arm around my waist for a couple of seconds and then dropped her hand down to cup my ass cheek. I grinned widely when I realized that the hand on the ass was intended for the sisters.

We arrived happy and full back at the RV. I opened up the vehicle and turned up the AC unit since it was getting warmer out. I checked the tank levels and made sure everything was in order including the jacks outside. Ann was sitting in the front passenger seat looking satisfied when I was done.

"You know, I forgot to mention that I have a bunch of snacks and junk in the cabinet over the sink if you need something to snack on."

Ann grinned an evil grin. "The only think I want right now is that wonderful cock of yours. Get it over here."

"I feel the need to warn you. I may not have another load left in me after last night blow job and this morning's extreme hand job." I explained.

Ann smiled warmly, "I like a challenge. Now, drop 'em!"

I had serious doubts about getting an erection much less dropping another load so soon after the major explosion I experienced earlier but I did want Ann to leave satisfied. Also in the back of my mind I felt guilty that the last two encounters had been solely for my benefit and extreme satisfaction that I really felt the need to take excellent care of Ann before she left this morning. I stepped over and unbuttoned my shorts. Ann quickly lowered my pants and underwear and using both hands gently massaged life back into my deflated cock.

"Are you ready for this? I was thinking about letting you fuck with without a condom but if you feel any precum or get close to shooting your load you have to pull out. All right?" Ann said looking into my eyes.

I was stunned. I was always a safety guy. The only women I ever banged without a condom were solid girlfriends who I was positive were on birth control. While I appreciated the offer the logical side of my brain started thinking about the ramifications. I pulled away and struggled to kneel down in front of Ann. The shorts and underwear around my ankles made it difficult. I gently pulled her face to mine and gave Ann a long and tender kiss.

"I am stunned and honored by that offer, really I am. But I am always a safety guy. If we were in a committed relationship, no problem but I really don't want to get the 'I'm pregnant' phone call in a month." I answered sincerely after the kiss.

Ann looked in my eyes and couldn't hold back the tear this time. "Dam your good." She wrapped me up in the strong arms and held me close for a good long minute.

She released me and stood up. She helped me to my feet and helped me get undressed. Once I was naked I enjoyed undressing her. I turned her around and wrapped my arms around her holding and playing with her boobs while grinding my crotch into her sweet ass while kissing and nuzzling her neck. She was definitely enjoying the sensations I was giving her. I released her and she took my left hand leading me to the bed. With my right hand I playfully gave her right ass cheek a swat. Ann surprised me by stopping dead in her tracks. Uh oh! Did I just piss her off? Did I cross a line? Am I about to get a kick in the balls?

Ann turned slowly with a wild look in her eye. I started to apologize but before the first sound escaped from my mouth Ann covered it with her hand. She half pushed, half directed me back into the front passenger seat and maneuvered me fully into the seat. The seats turn from facing forward for driving to straight backwards for entertaining. Ann turned the seat slightly and then laid across my lap with her ample ass by my right hand.

Ann said from her face down position, "Spank the shit out of me. Pull my hair, make me feel it. I want my butt bright red to show the girls. God dam, that will make them so fucking jealous. I can't believe I didn't think of this before."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I am fucking positive! I love it. Spank the living shit out of me." Ann said while squirming on my lap.

Now, I have played some bondage games, done some role playing and spanked a few asses in my day. This was a little extreme in my book. But, if it is what Ann wants, I really want to please her. I started with a few light slaps around the cheeks.

"Harder!"

I gave a half swing and firmly planted my hand on the sensitive bottom of her cheek, right where she would be sitting, and we heard the sharp crack.

Ann said, "That's better but harder. Warm that ass up."

I gave her another one, harder in a different spot and she gave a satisfied grunt. OK, now I am getting into this. I started wailing away on her ass. The only issues was with her on my lap I could only really get to her right cheek well. I grabbed her hair with my left hand and yanked her up to her feet. She gave a little surprised yelp but no resistance. I stood and shoved her to the bed and roughly pushed her down onto the bed face down. I spanked her left cheek in an attempt to even out the redness on both sides. Once I was satisfied I grabbed her hair and pulled her head into my lap. She readily opened her mouth and I slid my hard cock inside. Ann was very excited and hungrily sucked my dick. I forcefully fucked her face and she didn't gag at all. I decided I was going to ass fuck her without a condom on but couldn't find the lube.

I eased my cock out of her mouth and asked, "Where is the lube?"

Ann replied, "The KY is in my bag. You can keep that here. We have plenty at the site."

I found the tube, removed the cap and spread a line on my erection. Then I took another dollop and greased Ann's ass. I tossed the tube to the side and lined up on Ann's asshole. I eased on in gently but Ann would have none of that. 

"Jam it in me! Fuck me hard. I've been bad, make it hurt for me. Do it David, I can handle it." Ann practically begged.

I slid on in easier than I expected and started if fuck away. I was slamming into the ass with all I had. Ann was into it rocking back into me. I reached under her to roughly grab and manhandle her tits as I was ass fucking her. Then another idea struck me. I used my left hand to get under her belly and found her clit. As I pumped her ass I fingered her. This set off waves of orgasms. I guess she really likes it rough because she wouldn't stop cumming. I was worn out from everything that Ann had done for me from last night to this morning and I lost steam. I eased out of her ass and rolled onto my back.
