 Saturday

I woke up to find Tammy and Alice moving around the RV. Tina was still asleep.

"Do you want me to make you guy's coffee or something?" I whispered.

"No, we get that in the park but thanks." Tammy said.

Alice blew me a kiss and went in the bathroom. Tammy carefully climbed on the bed to not wake Tina and started sucking me hard. She rolled a condom on me and lowered herself on my cock. She rode me to a couple quick orgasms and then climbed off. She lowered her face right next to my ear and whispered in it, "I have lunch at two. Can I come by for some more fun?"

I nodded my head yes, and Tammy carefully climbed off. When she was off the bed I saw Alice standing outside the bathroom drying herself off with a big smile. She put down the towel and climbed on my dick. She pumped my cock into her for a few very muffled orgasms before moving off to the side. She whispered in my ear, "Can I come over at three and finish you off?"

I nodded in agreement and Alice got up and got dressed. It was a sight to watch her wrestle those huge tits into her bra. I felt Tina stir and without any hesitation climbed on my cock in reverse cowgirl in order to face the other two women as they dressed. 

"Oh you little faker! I was trying to keep quiet so I wouldn't wake you up!" Alice said.

"I appreciate that. I was letting you two have your fun while you can. I know you need to get to work and we had more time together so I let you both do your thing. Alice, please promise me that you will let me play with those magnificent boobs of yours tonight. Just a few minutes of private time if you don't mind. And I would love to take a couple of photos of them if I could." Tina said.

"Yes to play time and absolutely no to photos. I do not let anyone take pictures of me. When I would sleep with a guy I always slept with a bra on. First for the support, second to prevent pictures when I was asleep. About four years ago some dickhead took digital pictures of them when I was asleep. Fortunately he cropped out my face. But he was sharing them all over the internet. I begged him to stop but he wouldn't. Anyway, I got a few friends to go over to his house and threatened to wipe out his computer, you know, just format the disks unless he deleted all the pictures. He didn't want to do it so they threatened to "accidently" break his computer. That didn't work so they threatened to "accidently" break him. Well, that worked. He deleted all the photos and it hasn't been an issue since. So you can see I am a little gun shy about having photos taken." Alice explained. 

"Christ Alice! You never told me about that." Tammy exclaimed.

"I am kind of sensitive about that. I usually don't discuss it. What really hurts is the three guys that went over to his house all wanted me to fuck them as payment for their work. I assumed that it would be one at a time but they got drunk and all took me at once. It wasn't very pleasant and I was bruised real bad afterwards. I can't consider it rape since I consented but I haven't promised anyone sex for doing me a favor since." Alice said turning away to hide the tears forming in her eyes.

Tina had stopped humping me as she listened to that story. Both Tammy and Tina went over and hugged Alice for support. I didn't think it was appropriate for me to join them particularly with a raging boner.

"Thanks, but I am past it." Alice said unsteadily.

"We have all had shit like that in our past. Hopefully they are few and far between. For every bad one I hope you get a boat load of good ones. Like David here. Nice, pleasant, unselfish guy who knows how to lay down some good dick. And he's not a quick shooter. You can have the perfect man but if he lasts 10 seconds, what's the point." Tina explained.

Alice wiped her eyes and finished getting dressed. Tammy was already dressed. "Listen, can we meet you guys here at 10 when we get off work?"

Tina replied before I got a chance to. "No, we will be at Deb and Howie's already. Meet us over there, OK?"

Oh really? Tina has a schedule for me? I am uncomfortable with this.

"OK, we have to go. Don't want to be late. Thanks for all the fun. Later!" Alice said as she opened the door.

Tammy was right behind her. "Thanks for everything. See you." As they ducked outside and closed the door.

Tina crawled back up on the bed and cuddled up against me. You know when you found someone special when cuddling is just automatic and very comfortable.

"It sucks about those guys taking advantage of Alice. She seems like a nice, good hearted person. I like her." Tina said.

"I agree with you on all points. I am amazed how many women are roughed up in one way or another and how few report it." I pondered.

"Well, I have had a few incidents like that but I'm not going to talk about them. They are over and I don't want to relive them so please don't ask. Let's just say that at my size that some guys think of me as a toy for their pleasure and don't want to hear no from me. Also, due to my size I am pretty much defenseless. I can punch guys in the crotch or kick them when they are lying down but I have no chance of out running them." Tina explained.

"OK, on another subject, are you preparing my schedule now? I'm going to be at Debs tonight?" I pried.

"Well, I wanted it to be a surprise. It's all good. Can we leave it at that? Please?" Tina pleaded.

"OK, I trust you." I said.

"Good, because I have another surprise for you today too. But more on that later. So, what would you enjoy now? So far you had head and three different women jump you all in thirty minutes. So what would you enjoy now?" Tina asked.

"I'd enjoy knowing what plans you have for me. But I'd like you to sit on my face please." I said.

"Patience boy patience. I only planned one surprise for you. Other people are involved in the other. Now relax and enjoy yourself." Tina said as she placed herself on my face.

I ate away happily. I love the smell of pussy in the morning. Tina rocked on me obviously enjoying herself on my tongue. When she was good and wet I pushed her off to the side so she was face down on the bed. My dick was still hard inside the condom and I wanted to slam into her hard. I buried my dick inside of her vag to the hilt on the first stroke which caused a yelp from Tina. I was fucking her hard and fast. Her ass looked so good right in front of me that I dribbled some spit into her asshole and worked a finger inside of her. She gasped with pleasure. I showed Tina no mercy as I banged away but was determined to not hold off my orgasm. When it came I let it fly inside of her (well, into the condom inside her) and relished every second of the intense feeling. When I was done I pulled out and lay down totally satisfied. I really do love the combination of both the physical release and satisfying physical activity after a great orgasm. Tina curled up with me holding me close.

"I am so happy that I could help do that for you. It makes me feel wonderful knowing that I helped bring on such a strong orgasm out of you." Tina said tenderly.

"You think you enjoyed it? How about me? That was huge. I'm ready for a nap." I joked.

"Well, it's about 10:30 now. I am going to go back to my place and get cleaned up soon. Come over about twelve and please come with an open mind. Remember, no means no but I hope you'll give what I am offering you a try. That's all I'm going to say about it. All right?" Tina said.

I admit that I was curious about what she had planned for me but I do trust her. I would go and see the situation and would walk away if I was uncomfortable. "I will be there but I'll throw the flag if I am uncomfortable." I said.

"Throw the flag?" she asked.

"A football term. Meaning I will stop what is happening." I explained.

"Oh, I don't know football. No problem. Also, this will leave you enough time to get back for your appointments at two and three." Tina said.

"You heard those, huh? It's my last full day here, I want to get in as much fun as I can. Can you blame me?" I asked.

"Nope. No judgments from me. If I was in your shoes my dick wouldn't be dry ever. Go and play, enjoy. I am doing the same thing now that my red days are behind me." Tina explained.

We lay comfortably together for a few minutes until Tina sat up. My cock had deflated in the condom. She gently removed it and cleaned my dick off with her mouth. Tina got up and went to the bathroom and washed up quickly. She came out and got dressed. She hopped up on the bed and gave me a quick kiss good bye. "I'll see you at my place about noon, right?"

"I will be there but not making any guarantees. Thanks for this morning, I needed that." I expressed myself honestly.

"The day just started. See you later lover boy." Tina said as she stepped outside.

I got up to take a leak. I figured while I was in the bathroom to take a quick shower. I figured that enough time had passed that there would be hot water for me after the girls showered earlier. I was quick and saved water as much as I could and was rewarded with a good hot shower. Once I was clean I ran the hot water full open for a couple of minutes just to see how much hot water I still had. There was plenty, another surprise of how efficient this RV was. I dressed and thought about my day. I figured 12 to 4 was going to be busy. I was hungry so I thought an early lunch in the park was in order. Since it was Saturday the park would be much more crowded. I knew from past experience to not bother trying to get on rides. During the week there is rarely a wait but weekends there are usually lines.

I walked into the park and made a side trip by the games area. I spotted Alice working and subtly gave her a nod for which I received a big smile. I walked past the Italian place and looked to see Tammy but I did not see her. She might have been working in back. I went to my favorite burger place and ordered up the burger of my choice. When it was ready I sat down at a table watching the parents trying to corral their kids together and get them to the next port of call. I people watched for a while as I finished off my fries and large soda. When I was finished I threw away my trash and strolled back to the campsite. I checked my phone and saw it was ten minutes to twelve. What the hell, I walked over to Tina's place.

I happened to pass by Deb's camp on the way when I spotted Mimi working around the site cleaning up the garbage and tossing it into plastic bags. She looked great in a bikini that her tits and ass looked like they were going to explode out of any second. I redirected towards her. When she spotted me she dropped the bag and rushed over to me. She embraced me in a big hug and kiss on the cheek that I wasn't expecting.

"David, I hoped you would come and see me today. Come inside, I want to take good care of you." Mimi exclaimed.

"I am real sorry, but I have other plans right now. Could I meet you later on please?" I asked.

"Oh, I have to say that I am disappointed. I was looking forward to you discovering my ass." Mimi said as she released me.

"I am on my way to see Tina right now. She's cooked up some surprise for me. But after four I am available if you are." I said hopefully tactfully.

Mimi's face brightened up. "Absolutely. That's a date. See you then. I'm really looking forward to it."

"Me too, thanks. See you." I said as I continued my journey.

When I arrived at Tina's door I knocked. Tina opened it quickly.

"David, come in." I was told.

I stepped inside and looked around. There was nothing unusual that I could see.

"Come sit down with me please. I want to explain what's going on." Tina said to me.

OK, now I was getting nervous. I sat down on the bed and Tina sat next to me. She held my hand and started to tell me her ideas.

"First off, I invited Emily over. She'll be here in a few minutes." Tina said. "Now, I want your assurance that you are not going to physically hurt her or harm her in any way."

I thought for a moment before answering. "I have no issue with Emily. I understand that she was just doing as she was told. She was caught up in the whole scene like I was. I am not a violent person by nature. I promise you that I will not harm her in any way."

"Nothing verbal as well, no name calling too, right?" Tina asked.

"Of course not. I thought I made all this clear at Debs place the other night. You helped me straighten out the issues I had in my mind. I am fine with it. Really, no worries." I said.

Tina seemed to physically relax from my responses. "Good, I am happy to hear that. I personally guaranteed that Em would not be hurt at all. I didn't think you would but I had to be sure. Em really wants to make it up to you for what happened before. She's really willing to do almost everything for you. If you don't want to, that's fine. No pressure from anyone, but, I really suggest that you open up your ass to her. You said it was good for you. Trust me, I'd much prefer the feel of a real cock inside of me anywhere than any toy I ever felt."

"I don't have an issue with Emily and I did like the feel of it. I will think about it and I want to discuss..." Just then there was a light knock on Tina's door.

Tina got up and opened it. "Come in, we were just talking about you."

Tina stepped back and Emily came in. She gave me a wary look not knowing my reaction. I stood up slowly after a brief moment and spread my arms.

"Hug?" I asked Emily.

Both Tina and Emily relaxed and Emily stepped over to me. We hugged in a friendly way and released in a moment.

Emily smiled and said, "I thought we left everything OK the other night but I had to be sure you were still fine with it. I hope you can understand."

"I am OK, Tina helped me put things right in my mind. I have no issue with you. We are good." I felt like I was fumbling around for the right words.

"Good, I am good too but I feel like I want to do something to make it right for you. I asked Tina to get us together so we could see what could happen. Can we sit together please?" Emily asked.

I gestured towards the bed and the ladies sat down on either side of me. I was being a gentleman and waited for them to sit. Once seated I said, "I don't want you to feel that you owe me anything. There is no need for you do try and compensate me for anything that's happened. It is what it was and it's over."

"Tina said that you enjoyed the feel of me inside you." It was obvious to me that Emily was picking her words carefully to avoid antagonizing me. "If you would like I would like to do that again but in a much more gentle fashion. Or, I give excellent head and swallow very well. I also offer you my behind to use as you wish. Please David, I feel horrible for what happened and I feel a huge debt to make it right. I will do anything you wish within reason to satisfy you. I really want to do this for you."

I thought about this for a moment. I looked at Tina who was smiling hopefully and at Emily who was sitting in a short dress that reminded me of a school girl outfit. I quickly made my decision and turned to Tina. "How about you? What's your part in this?"

"I just want you two to get along. I really like Emily a lot and she's a great fuck. So are you. I figure you two together would make an excellent fuck." Tina explained.

"What I meant was are you going to stay and watch us? Join us? Leave? What do you want to have happen here?" I asked Tina.

"Oh, I was going to let you make the call. Whatever you want me to do, I will do for you." Tina said.

I stood up slowly as to not frighten anyone. I turned to face the ladies. "Here are my thoughts. I would like to have Emily bang my ass again but nicely going for pleasure not control from behind me, at least to start. Now, I would like to have my cock buried in Tina's ass as I get fucked. Emily, I need you in a condom and lots of lube please."

Emily smiled, "Of course, I would love to and I will be very gentle." She gave me a little grin. "Well, until you tell me otherwise."

Tina seemed thrilled with the turn of events and hopped up to her feet. She started feeling my cock through my shorts getting me hard. Emily stood up and moved in close to me. Her hands wandered over my chest and back. Soon Tina had my shorts and underwear down to my knees and was sucking the steel back into my dick. Emily unbuttoned her shirt and revealed her smallish tits. I reached over and felt them. I don't know how they got there, through hormones or surgery but they felt and looked very natural. Tina had lowered Emily's skirt and was having a field day sucking both cocks. Emily lifted off my shirt and held me to her chest. Our cocks touched as we did this. I had to assume that this was some kind of a test to see if I freaked out or not. I decided that I was all in on this deal so I reached down and gently held Emily's cock. I stroked it the way I like to stroke my own. Emily took hold of mine and did the same. Tina pulled us apart a bit and took both dick's side by side. She tried to suck both at the same time but her mouth wasn't big enough to handle them both. She alternated between the two sucking each in turn. I reached down and took Emily's ass in my hand and gave it a friendly squeeze. This brought a nice smile to Emily's face. She leaned in and gave me a nice peck on the cheek. I planted my mouth on hers and slipped in my tongue. This definitely surprised Emily and she stiffened up for an instant. She quickly warmed up to the idea stroking the side of my head as she kissed me back.

Tina seemed inpatient and said, "Come on, help me get these clothes off."

Everyone stepped out of their clothes and Tina climbed to stand up on the bed. I leaned down to kiss her and play with her a bit as Emily kneeled down and started to suck my cock. I have to admit, she was damn good at it. After a couple minutes Emily stood up and took Tina from me. She put Tina face down towards the middle of the bed and dove in rimming her ass. After a few minutes Emily looked over at me, pointed at the bottle of lube that was conveniently left on the counter top and I handed it over. Emily carefully and lovingly lubed up Tina's ass and then my dick. She helped me to ease it into Tina's ass who squirmed a bit under me but gladly accepting all of it. Emily then went behind me and rimmed me quite well. Emily then carefully lubed up my ass and I confirmed that she put on a condom. I felt Emily position herself behind me and I forced myself to relax. She eased her cock into me. After the initial tensing up and then relaxing Emily was able to work her way into me. I have to admit that it felt really good, better than any piece of plastic I've experienced. I think it's a combination of both the heat from her cock and the natural give of flesh that makes it feel better than a toy.

"David, are you all right?" Tina asked.

"I am good. It feels really good." I replied.

"That's nice. So, could you start fucking my ass then?" Tina insisted.

I forgot all about my dick. I was lying on Tina balls deep in her ass and I wasn't paying any attention to her.

"Sorry." I said as I withdrew and worked my cock back into her. 

Emily and I worked out a rhythm between us that worked. I withdrew from Tina's ass as Emily plowed into mine. I was the meat in a cock sandwich and I was really enjoying it. 

After a short time Tina had to speak up. "Sorry guys, the weight of the two of you is too much for me. I need to get out from underneath."

Emily eased out of me quickly and I pulled out of Tina. Tina got out of the way. Emily had a grin on her face. She directed me to lie on my back and she put my legs on her shoulders. She reentered me easily but now I could see her face as she fucked me. She was into it, I could tell from her facial expressions. She was able to pick up the pace and slamed me harder without issue. I had to readjust my legs to put my feet on the bed with my knees bent which gave another good angle for penetration. When I reached up and took Emily's tits in my hands she gasped with pleasure. I looked over at Tina who was sitting up watching us go at it as she fingered herself madly.
