 Sunday

Edna snores loudly and by the odor in the RV I believe she farts with reckless abandon at night. Standing up I switched on the exhaust fan before going into the bathroom to empty my bladder. Putting pieces together I looked at the clock. It was a little after eight. I wanted to finish up with Edna, get rid of her, shower and be ready for Tina. Hopefully I could get in one more romp with her after breakfast before I left.

When I climbed back into bed I wasn't my usual stealthy self since I was trying to stir Edna awake. She was lying face down but when my arm brushed hers her head popped up off the pillow. After she recognized me she relaxed and laid her head on the pillow again.

"Good morning lover boy." She said smiling.

"Morning. Did you sleep OK?"

"Pretty well. Why don't you slip into my ass now while I am nice and relaxed. Right after I wake up is my favorite time to get butt fucked. Just get some lube and I am ready to go." Edna said as she opened her legs wider.

Gathering the supplies I prepared to pound her ass. After pulling the comforter to one side I prepared to rim her sphincter. As I moved in I noticed the area was "tainted". All the overnight gas release had left traces in the area. My tongue was not going there. I wasn't even too thrilled about using my hand to lube her up either. 

Crawling over to her face I said, "Could you give me some head to get me started?"

"Sure sweetie." Edna said adjusting her position. 

She lifted herself up on one arm and used the other to guide my prick into her mouth. Edna wasn't in any rush but I was. As soon as I was hard I took over and steadily fucked her mouth with an easy rhythm. Edna used her free hand to take one of my hands and placed it on the back of her head. Then her hand went under my balls and cupped an ass cheek. She encouraged me to fuck her face even harder. I went at it enjoying this service for a few minutes but I wanted to pound some ass. Pulling out I moved back between her legs preparing to enter her. After I rolled on a condom I applied the lube with a liberal amount on the tip. Lining up for entry Edna shivered a bit when I made contact.

"Please, go easy at first." Edna said.

I pressed inward and half of my length slid right in.

"Ooooo, I guess I was relaxed." Edna said.

Holding my position I made minor movements front and back just to make sure she was comfortable. Edna raised her ass upwards towards me encouraging me first physically and then verbally. 

"Go ahead, you're in there now. Give me all that dick. I want to feel you squirt inside of me." She said.

I planted my hands on either side of her torso and began pounding Edna's ass hard. Aside from some grunts and gasps she was quiet. Her soft ass was gobbling up my cock and I was ready to let loose.

"I'm gonna cum!" I said.

"Oh yeah, pump that load into me. I want to feel it inside me all day long." Edna cried out.

I realized that she didn't know I was in a rubber and now wasn't the time to explain things. My balls sent the latest load of semen on and pumped it into the condom. I happily lay down on Edna's back enjoying the sensations.

"Did you cum?" I asked.

"No, I never orgasm from anal but I really enjoy it. I love feeling the juice in my ass. That's why I enjoy it first thing in the morning."

"You know I'm wearing a condom, right?"

"Why?" Edna asked. "I told you last night you didn't need one. It's not like I'm going to get pregnant or anything."

"There's other reasons to wear condoms." I said flatly.

"Oh. You'd better get off of me. I got something to tell you." Edna said somberly.

Pulling my deflating dick and filled prophylactic out of Edna I rolled over to the side. I removed the protection and tossed it in the garbage. Edna rolled on her side to face me. Looking at Edna I gave her my full attention.

"Look, let me start off by saying that I am totally clean. I caught a dose of chlamydia like five years ago but I got that taken care of right away. I get tested regularly." Edna said.

"OK, is that what you wanted to tell me?" I asked.

"Not exactly. See, last night you had an erection that kept poking me. I tried to wake you up but you wouldn't open your eyes. I'm not one to miss out on a good opportunity so I pushed you over onto your back and I climbed on top. I rode you for like ten minutes and had a couple of orgasms but I didn't put a condom on you." Edna explained.

"So, I was raped?"

Edna chuckled. "I guess so, I didn't think that you'd mind." 

"You tried to wake me up but no condom is an issue for me. I always play safe." I explained.

"I trusted you that you were clean. I would hope that you would trust me with the same." Edna said.

"The damage is done. You can't unfuck someone. I need to get cleaned up. I'm meeting a friend for breakfast. Then I have to pack up since I am heading home today. When are your friend's coming by to pick you up?" I asked hoping sooner rather than later.

"I'll call them and find out."

I wasn't thrilled about the no condom thing with someone I didn't know. I'd schedule an appointment next week and get checked just in case. Standing up I looked at the tanks to check the levels. Water was about half which was fine. The black water tank was about a quarter filled and the brown tank was over half. My plan was to dump the tanks before I left the campground and I could refill the water at home. My concern was that there wasn't enough liquid in the black tank to empty well. No one would be using the RV for a couple of months and I didn't want it to stink.

Leaving Edna on the bed without a word or even a glance I went into the bathroom for a wash-up. My crotch got a good going over but I knew logically that if I caught a bug the washing wouldn't help. After cleaning up and drying off I stepped out of the bathroom.

"Would you mind if I cleaned up too?" Edna asked.

"No, go ahead." I said.

"I talked to my friends. They will be by here at about twelve."

"All right."

I made room and Edna entered the bathroom. Pulling on jeans and a tee shirt (all my shorts needed to be washed) I began to tidy up. Stripping the bed I piled everything in one corner of the couch after putting it back upright. Why put away the dirty linen if it's just going into the wash later on. Starting at the back of the vehicle and moving forward I tidied up and lifted the shades. The AC was turned off and windows opened to air the place out. I left the exhaust fan on to keep air circulating. I took stock of the snacks, food, drinks, beer and booze left and made mental notes on what stays in the RV and what goes.

When Edna opened the bathroom door I handed her clothes in explaining that the shades were open. She took her clothes and closed the door. All my dirty laundry was compiled into one area. Phones and chargers were organized. Aside from the things outside the vehicle the inside was ready to travel.

Edna came out of the bathroom saying, "Listen, I don't have any cash with me. I didn't think I'd need it. Would you buy me some breakfast please? I'm so hungry. I can reimburse you when my friends get here."

I was upset that I wasn't going to get rid of Edna all too soon. After ass fucking someone I just can't be that big of a bastard and not buy her breakfast but this was when Tina and I were going to talk about the future and seeing each other. I didn't want Edna messing that up.

"All right. I'll pay for your meal but I am meeting a friend and we would need to talk about somethings privately." I explained.

"I'm the third wheel, huh? It's no problem but I have no place to go or nothing to do until my friends get here."

"Just give us some privacy as we eat and we'll see about the rest later." 

Edna agreed and took a seat in the front while I organized and cleaned up the bathroom putting the used towels in the laundry pile. 

Tina texted me to make sure the coast was clear and came over to my RV. We met outside and I introduced Edna and explained the situation. Tina tried to engage Edna in conversation but Edna seemed to be hung up on the little person aspect. 

We walked to the breakfast place and found it to be surprisingly busy. We waited in line to place our order and then struggled to find seats. When our number was called I went up to collect the tray of food and returned to the table. I handed Edna her plate and asked her for some privacy. Tina and I talked about several aspects of dating. We agreed to regular meetings but we would not be mutually exclusive. We would both be seeing and doing other people but we would keep the other informed. I think we were both happy with that situation at east to start off with.

After we ate we returned to my camp site. I went about storing the folding chairs, rolling up the awning and removing the jacks. I was all set to travel except for two things. First, get rid of Edna, and second, I really wanted to fuck Tina once more before leaving.

"Edna, when are your friends coming by?" I asked.

"They said at noon." Which was still an hour away.

"Tina and I need to be alone for a while so can you find someplace to entertain yourself?" I more or less insisted rather than asked.

"I guess so. Can I meet you here at twelve so I can reimburse you for breakfast" Edna asked.

"No need, it's on me. I'll see you later." I said taking Tina by the hand and walking towards Tina's vehicle.

Once out of earshot Tina said, "That was kind of rude. This is not like you at all. What's up?" 

I explained the "rape" saying that I didn't mind the sex however the STD issue is another matter. We discussed the issue avoiding Howie's RV area on the way to Tina's place. 

Tina listened and asked a couple of clarifying questions but I explained that I was semi fanatical about staying STD free. Tina said that it was such a low possibility that I shouldn't concern myself about it. I said that I'd be concerned until I'm tested at the doc's next week.

Back at Tina's place we relaxed and chatted while sitting on her bed.

"I was hoping to be with you one more time before I left today." I said.

"David, you had no chance of leaving here today without giving me one last fucking. I would have had the police stop you at the border and turned you around." Tina quipped.

"Good, I'm glad we are on the same page." I replied.

Tina practically launched herself at me pushing me down onto the mattress. I grabbed her and we made out for a long time. We fondled each other eventually undressing. We each took turns going down on the other (since 69 wasn't an option) until Tina demanded me inside her. I wanted to take my time and enjoy everything not really knowing when (or if) we would see each other again. Tina was acting more in line with a good hard fucking. Without any conversation I think we both got what we wanted. Afterwards we lay in bed panting.

"That was better than I had hoped for. Thank you David."

"No need to thank me, I am just as happy as you are. Maybe more." 

We chatted away and talked about a future together, what we expected, what we hoped for. We agreed that two weekends from now Tina would drive up to my place for the weekend and see how things go. After that everything was up in the air and we would make plans as they come up.

I cleaned up a bit and dressed. We said our goodbye's ad Tina showed me out still completely naked. My standing outside her RV door looking inside and seeing her in all her glory almost the same height as me was an image I will not forget.

Returned to my campsite I did a once around the unit both outside and inside making sure I didn't forget anything. I did forget to take in the rope I was using for a clothes line and the power cord was the last things to put away. Starting up the RV I noticed a piece of paper in the windshield wiper. Climbing out I found a ten dollar bill folded in the paper with the note "thanks for breakfast, Edna" with her phone number. That was nice of her. I did keep her number just in case I had an STD issue.

I drove to the dump station site and get into line with the other RV's. While waiting I checked the tanks again. The black water was only about a third full. I had a quarter tank of clean water left which was more than the black water tank could hold so I use the shower head and filled the toilet while monitoring both tanks. Once the black water tank was up to three quarters I turned off the water. I gloved up when it was my turn to dump and connected the hose. When I opened the valve I could hear and feel through the house the great amount of suction created so I was confident that there was nothing left in the tank. I drained the brown water tank as well, stored the hose and got on the road heading home.

While on the road I took out the drop phone and began dictating notes of my experiences this week. Initially I just did names and dates but later I began to fill in details. That recording became the basis of this story you've been reading. Names have been changed some details have been enhanced (but not by much).

Once home I did most of the maintenance on the vehicle. Gave it a good cleaning inside and out. Brought in the laundry, took care of the garbage and recycling and stored the liquor in the house. Laundry I was in no rush to get going. My plan was to do one vacation load a night after work. By five o'clock I was wiped out. Too tired to cook, I called for a pizza (a real NJ pizza) and sat on my couch in front of the TV catching up on DVR'd programs while I relaxed and had a drink as I ate.

I woke up on the couch at about midnight. I straightened up and went to bed setting my alarm to wake up for work. As I climbed into bed (alone) I grinned and thought how different my week would have been if my former girlfriend didn't cancel on me.

Epilogue

It's been a little over six months since my camping trip and I thought you'd want to know what happened after I got home. I did get the STD test the week after I got back and was clean. I called Edna and apologized for being a shithead and not trusting that she was clean as well.

Tina

Tina and I began to see each other regularly. Usually every other weekend one would drive to the others place for the weekend. We alternated unless we had planned something special and one of our places were more convenient than the other. For example, about three months after the trip Tina had me come to her place. As soon as I got there we got into her RV and she dove us to just outside of Philly without telling me why. When we arrived we knocked on an apartment door and were greeted by Kenya and Kianna wearing lingerie. We spent the weekend there balling our brains out. Tina insisted on us sleeping in the RV (instead of on an air mattress in the living room) so that we could get some privacy.

Tina and I maintained an unusual friendship somewhere between friends with benefits and an actual relationship. We both could sleep with other people with the understanding that we were always protected but when we were together we didn't use protection since Tina was unable to conceive. As promised she did take me into the city to meet transsexuals but nothing happened, it just didn't feel right to me. We are both very happy together and I suspect that we are both moving towards a more mutually exclusive arrangement (with a few exceptions).

Howie and Deb

I was put on their mailing list and received regular updates. Deb published their schedule for at least six months ahead of time. It seems they follow a fairly regular time table. They would travel, set up camp and return home in a two week period then take about two weeks off. They never mentioned where home was but by mapping the places they visited regularly and finding the midpoint I assumed that they live in Indiana or Illinois. I respect their privacy so I never inquired about it. Jeff and Mimi seemed to be more east coast based and join them at some locations but I don't believe they travel outside the Eastern Time zone. 

Nikki

Nikki was done with Frank for good. After the next woman tossed his ass to the curb he tried to move back with Nikki but she was having none of it. She dated (I translated this to be one night stands) a few of Franks friends who showed interest in her but she felt like she was just a toy to them. After a couple of months she cut herself off from anything and anyone Frank related even avoiding bars he frequented. In her emails I could tell she was getting lonely and kept pushing for one of us to visit the other. I kept explaining that my relationship with Tina was more serious than it actually was to avoid an outright denial and hurting Nikki's feelings but this didn't seem to sink in. It wasn't until Thomas entered the picture that she backed off of me.

She began to clean herself up and dressed more conservatively (wearing a bra that fits) and wound up meeting a different kind of guy. Nikki bumped into him spilling his drink on his suit in a bar. Nikki apologized and tried to help clean him off. She insisted on buying him a replacement drink. He refused and insisted that he buy them both of their drinks under the condition that Nikki had to sit and talk to him for ten minutes. Ten minutes turned into two hours. She was shocked that he asked for her number and didn't try to get into her pants at their first meeting. Thomas called and asked her out on a proper date and treated Nikki like a queen. She had to attack him on their third date to finally take him to bed. That opened the floodgates. Thomas admitted that he hadn't been with anyone in months and worked incredibly hard to satisfy Nikki every way he could. Nikki couldn't believe that she could attract a nice professional man that treated her so well and went out of her way to please Thomas as much as possible. Apparently they are both very happy with the situation. Nikki said, "If I had known how much fun and kinky they were I'd have started dating accountants years ago." I have not heard from her in a couple months, I'm hoping things are still going well.

Ann

Ann and I kept in touch by email and some phone calls. We both really wanted to meet up again and about three months later Ann used some frequent flier miles to come to New Jersey for the weekend. I explained the situation to Tina who understood and told me to enjoy ourselves. I took off on Friday since she was flying in midday. She practically knocked me over in the baggage claim area with her first hug. Once in the car she refused to let me start the car until she'd sucked me off.

When we got back to my place we went right to bed. For whatever reason the spark between us wasn't there. The sex was good but not great like we had before. Ann had packed about a dozen dildo's to use with her strap on with me which was fun but the passion and excitement was lost. By the end of the weekend we were just going through the motions and I was counting the minutes until I could drop her off at the airport. We didn't talk about it until she was back at home. We emailed apologizing but we knew it was both of us. After a few more emails we stopped communicating.

Tammy and Alice

The first weekend after the park closed these two drove to my place. Tina came up for the weekend and the four of us went at it like animals the whole time. Tina had brought her strap on tools (she usually does for me) and when I was unable to fuck she took over. The girls took to it like a duck takes to water. By the end of the first weekend Tammy and Alice had each tried on the harness and had fucked their roommate. They insisted on buying their own toys as soon as they got back home.

A couple of weeks later Tammy met a guy and started dating him. This left Alice alone fluttering in the wind initially. Tammy was putting all her sexual energy into her boyfriend and spending most nights with him. When she did come home she told Alice that she couldn't touch her since that would be cheating. Alice got very depressed. Tammy tried setting Alice up with her boyfriend's friends but Alice didn't like that idea in the least. Tammy tried to talk her boyfriend into a three way with Alice but Alice again refused (the boyfriend was all for it). All she did was mope around the apartment all day and night. Tammy pleaded with the boyfriend to let her have one night alone with Alice but he said only if he got to watch so Tammy never mentioned it to Alice because she would have refused. Tina and I asked Alice to join us but she felt like the third wheel. 
