 All of the friends were glad they decided to go camping this week. A chance to get away from school and the drama within its wall. After setting up the tents and lighting a fire, the large group settled down.

Soon the day was disappearing into night. They ate burgers and hotdogs. Drunk their alcohol and smoked their cigarettes and joints. The group chatted on, laughing and bantering as they enjoyed the beautiful warm June evening surrounded by their friends and the blazing campfire. 

Evelyn sat beside Doni, her hand in his as she smoked with the other. She looked around the circle at all her friends. Beside her on one of the blankets were Ebony and Wade. On the chairs next to the couple, Theo and Eliza were chatting amongst themselves sweetly. Next to them, on another blanket was Heather, Declan, Kara and Ted sharing a joint. Finally, her eyes landed up Ava and Smyth, bickering as usual. Evelyn smirked to herself, feeling truly content. Tonight they would all their worries; they would just drink and be merry. Evelyn sat back in her camping chair, took a sip of her drink and luxuriated in the peace and comfort of her friends. 

"Let's play a game," Ava said excitedly searching all their faces. 

"What type of game?" Ebony questioned suspiciously. 

"Not spin the bottle," Theo shook his head chuckling with a few of them. 

"No," Ava rolled her eyes. 

"And not murder in the dark. That game gives me the creeps. We played it once during that power cut and Declan would not stop touching my ass," Wade joked throwing Declan a dirty look. He winked and gave him a suggestive grin in return. 

"Not hide and seek. Otherwise, it'll basically be the start of a cheesy teenage horror film," Eliza rubbed her bare arms, scanning the dark forest outside the group. 

"No, shush! The lot of you," Ava quietened them "Let's play, Never have I ever...," she grinned eagerly. 

"Never have I ever, as a guy, made out with another guy," Smyth said promptly to get the game going for his girlfriend.

Doni and Theo exchanged a smirk and both took a swig of their drinks. Everyone turned to look at Declan who was debating on telling the truth. 

"Declan, is there something you'd like to tell us?" Ebony encouraged, grinningly madly. 

"No," he held his head high, trying not to blush. 

"You know what happens to liars in this game," Ted nudged him. 

Declan's face changed and he quickly took a sip, knowing the punishment for lying was much worse than being heckled and jeered for a couple of minutes. Which they did, for at least five minutes until they calmed down and carried on. 

Theo stroked Eliza's head as he thought. 

"Okay, never have I ever had a threesome," Theo smirked looking around his friends. 

Ava proudly took a sip from her drink, followed by Smyth. 

"When did you have a threesome?" she asked her boyfriend. 

"Hayley and Sarah," he winked chuckling with his male friends "What about you?"

"Douglas and Calvin," she grinned to herself making everyone else laugh. 

Smyth chuckled, squeezing her hand. Maybe there were things they didn't know about each other still. 

"Never have I ever fallen asleep in sex," Eliza giggled. 

Ebony sighed watching as Wade shamefully swigged from his beer. Their friends laughed hysterically.

"It was before the county boxing finals. I'd been training a lot, okay," he shrugged, kissing Ebony's cheek when he noticed her frown. 

"Ems, next time, just-," Ava grinned making a jerking action with her hand. 

The group snorted and chuckled, leaving Ebony blushing and giving Ava an unimpressed look. 

"Never have I ever had sex in the back of a car," Jacob looked straight to Smyth who shook his head. 

Ted and Kara both drunk this time. 

"Brilliant," Smyth rolled his eyes. 

"Never have I ever, as a girl, watched porn," Sofia said scanning all the girls' faces. 

Ava opened her mouth to speak then stopped. Evelyn shrugged looking to Ebony who looked horrified she would even suggest her. Kara shook her head and finally, Heather drunk. 

"What!" Declan beamed at his girlfriend. 

"What? Female friendly porn is awesome," Heather said without her cheeks even reddening. 

"What a babe," Ava grinned. Who would've thought?

Wade thought about his statement for longer than the others. 

"Okay, okay," he smirked pleased with himself "Never have I ever had someone ask whether I'm a virgin," he raised his eyebrows giving them all the look. 

Heather, Ebony, Eliza, Declan, Jacob, Sofia, Kara and even Smyth took a sip of their drink. 

"Smyth?" Doni gawked. 

"My dad asked me once, it was really awkward," he chuckled. 

"What does that say about the rest of us?" Ava gasped looking at the others who hadn't drunk. 

"That we look like sluts," Theo grinned suggestively, patting his leg after noticing Eliza looking uncomfortable. The others laughed thinking the last statement through. Did they look like that to other people? 

While Eliza got settled on Theo's lap, pulling a small blanket over themselves and getting snuggled, Ebony thought about her statement. 

"Never have I ever had a pregnancy scare," she said, then regretted it. The rest of her friend's statements had been funny. She knew she'd put her foot in it when she noticed both Evelyn's and Ava's faces change. And while nobody said anything, nearly half the group knew the truth. Evelyn caught Doni's eye. She gulped.

"Never have I ever been fined for indecent exposure," Ebony said to lighten the mood. A few of them chuckled and drunk, all remembering a party not long ago when clothes hadn't been necessary.

"Doni, your turn!" Smyth exclaimed, patting Doni's legs repeatedly until he spoke. 

"Okay, I have never had sexual relations with a teacher-," as he spoke he realised he should've chosen another. The group tried not to look at Theo whose cheeks were darkening. Eliza noticed.

"Who?" she said, though didn't look angry; just intrigued as she inched closer to him. 

"Mr Black," Theo replied, seeing the way his girlfriend's excitement grew. 

"Oh my god! Fucking hell, Theo! Is that why he left?" Ava covered her mouth with surprise. 

"Yeah, I guess so," he shrugged a reply, all eyes still on him. 

"Was he any good?" Sofia said eagerly. Even the guys looked curious. 

Theo thought for a moment, his eyes landing on Doni who was staring at him intently. 

"Yeah, it was alright," he bit his lip, smiling smugly to himself.

"Just alright?" Ted questioned, seeing behind Theo's modesty. 

"Alright then, it was great," he laughed, making the others wolf-whistle and cheer. 

Eliza pretended to look offended. She twisted to look at him, poking him in the chest. 

"Excuse me?" she raised her eyebrows, pouting. 

Theo shuffled her closer until she was leaning down and their lips brushed. 

"What?" he whispered, kissing her lightly before moving his hands to her bum and pulling her closer. 

"Am I not good?" she replied in a hushed seductive voice, kissing him more passionately. 

"No, you're brilliant," he squeezed her bum making her squeal and giggle as they kissed on. 

"Moving on-," Smyth and the rest of the grimaced at the couple making out. They carried on while the group got on with the game. 

"Right, my turn. This is gonna be hard though," Smyth chuckled with the rest "Never have I ever had phone sex," he said. 

Ebony and Wade drunk with little smirks on their faces. 

"Cheeky!" Ava called out, giving her friend a raised eyebrow. 

"What? April half term was a long time," Ebony blushed, running her hand up Wade's thigh. 

"Shame she got caught by her dad though," Wade laughed.

Their friends gasped and started shouting questions at her, making Ebony blush even harder. 

"What happened?" Evelyn asked when everyone else had quietened. 

"Well, we were on the phone, ya know-," Ebony said bashfully, still stroking Wade's inner thigh. 

"Dirty talking," Ava squealed, giggling like a little girl. 

"Yeah and I was-," she kept her head down, grinning uncontrollably. 

"Masturbating," Sofia finished. 

"Yeah, but I was using my-," Ebony covered her face with her hands while her friends jeered and snorted giggles. 

"Dildo," Wade concluded. He remembered that night clearly. Ebony had been so naughty.

"Oh my god, Ems no!" Eliza exclaimed, having stopped making out with Theo to listen. 

"Yeah, he kinda just walked in without knocking and so it was his fault he saw something he wasn't supposed to," Ebony said, rationalising the situation. 

"What did he do?" Doni questioned, giving her a quick wink to make her blush even more. 

"He chucked in the bin," she frowned, while her friends booed her strict religious father. 

"Don't worry, babe. I'll get you another one," Wade shuffled closer, nuzzling his face into her neck. 

"I don't think I need it anyway," Ebony whispered, biting her bottom lip. 

The two started kissing passionately, laying back on the blanket to carry on. Eliza and Theo had also gone back to their make-out session. 

"And another one bite's the dust," Ava snorted "My turn!" 

"This should be interesting," Ted grunted. 

"What's that supposed to mean?" she twisted in her seat to look at Ted who was holding up his hands in defence. 

"No offence, Ava Pie, but what haven't you done?" Ted said tentatively, the rest of their friends tittered under their breaths. 

Ava made an offended noise. 

"Alright...Never have I ever had an STI." And she was proud of that fact. 

Smugly, she looked at her group of friends. All eyes turned to Declan. 

"Why are ya all looking at me?!" he shouted. 

"Out of all of us, it's gonna be you," Jacob smirked. 

"What! I am as clean as Queen's boudoir!" he snapped back, restraining a grin. 

As they went to carry on, someone was raising their drink and taking a sip. 

"Smyth?" Doni's jaw dropped.

"I dunno why I'm so surprised," Ted chuckled. 

"Shut up right," Smyth said, playing with the label on his bottle of cider. 

"Who was it?" Evelyn asked sternly. 

Smyth looked up from the bottle into Evelyn's eyes. They were serious and slightly tearful. He softened, touching her hand. 

"Not you," he smiled, shaking his head with a laugh "It was only chlamydia-,"

"Only? Smyth, it's serious. Who gave you it?" Sofia too looked concerned. 

Smyth daren't look at Ava. He feared what she might say or do. 

"You know when I was fucking about with Clary earlier this year?" Smyth said quietly. 

"Oh my god, you got it from Clary?" Eliza was listening in again. 

"I guess so-," Smyth bit his lip. 

"You had sex with Clary? Nice, Smyth. Real nice," Ava sighed, dropping her bottle to the floor and heading off into the woods. Smyth chased after her. Maybe that was one secret he should've kept to himself. 

Doni zipped up the tent door and turned to see Evelyn sat crossed legged with a mischevious look on her face. They stopped the game after Smyth and Ava had left. Evelyn had slipped away, beckoning Doni to join her in their tent. 

He admired her sitting in a pair of high waisted shorts and a black crop top, her midnight black hair pinned up in a messy bun on the top of her head. But Doni was far more interested as to what she was wearing underneath those clothes...

He leant forward and kissed her delicately. She moved forward into the embrace, wrapping her legs and arms around his slim body until she was sat on his lap. Doni ran his hands down to her hips then to her bum, lifting her up and squeezing, kissing her onwards. They were short of breath, filled with passion and lust. She wanted to feel his touch and lips all over her body. 

Evelyn fumbled with his vest, ripping it off over his head, hungry to feel the heat of his chest against her. Doni tugged her closer and closer until they pressed together. It wasn't enough. He buried his face into her hot neck, nibbling and sucking on her soft skin. He listened to her sweet moans, his hands still running all over her back and bum. Her curvy legs encircled his waist, grinding against his ever hardening crotch. He inched off her t-shirt and began kissing her breasts still cupped inside a blue lace bra.

Gently, Doni laid Evelyn back, her legs still around him, her body stretched out before him. He ran his hands up her bare midriff, leaning forwards to kiss her tummy all the way to the waistband of her shorts. With one hand he unclipped her bra and with the other, he unbuttoned her shorts. All the while, Evelyn laid breathlessly, her arms above her head. She watched as he took his time. Unbuttoning, and then pulling down the zipper. Returning his hands to the waistband and tugging the shorts all the way down her legs. With her bra unclipped, he slipped it off too until finally she was completely exposed to him aside from her small matching blue lace knickers. 

He lifted her up again, feeling her hard nipples and soft breasts press against his chest. He gathered her into his arms, kissing her lips wildly. Evelyn ran her fingers through his hair, grasping at the strands. Between kisses, they took quick raspy breaths. Their flushed bodies ground together. 

Doni moaned, thrusting his hips up and circling his crotch against hers. 

"Oh, please-," Evelyn begged. 

As Doni went to lay her back down, the tent door was unzipped and Smyth's face poked around the corner. 

"Whoa!" he grinned, making Evelyn and Doni jumped. She covered her breasts while Doni stared breathlessly and rather annoyed at Smyth. 

"Nothing I ain't seen before," he smirked. Ava poked her head around too, smiling as cheekily.

"We're gonna start hitting the bong again, are you coming?" she asked, switching her gaze from Evelyn to Doni who exchanged a sigh. 

"I was about to-," Evelyn said under her breath so only Doni could hear.

"Sure, be there in a minute," Doni grunted a reply.

The two left, leaving the door unzipped. 

"Later?" Doni said, stroking her flushed cheeks. 

Evelyn's frown turned into an embarrassed smile. She nodded and they began to get dressed, soon joining their friends around the campfire. 

Once Eliza and Theo had finished cooking more food, they handed it around the group. The food was followed by more alcohol and more bong hits. Ted and Smyth rolled up joints for the likes of Evelyn, Eliza and Theo, and even Ebony. She shared hers with Heather and Kara, afraid to get too high so soon. However, as much as she tried to restrain herself, she was enjoying the feeling of total relaxation. She slumped in her camping chair, taking big gulps of her beer to rid the cotton mouth. She licked her lips; she felt incredible. 

"I have a game we could play," Ebony said, rather tipsily. 

The ones of the group who weren't making out with their partners turned to look at her. 

"Spin the bottle," she winked, giggling cheekily. 

"Or-," Evelyn stepped in quickly before there were any complaints "Truth or Dare?"

This time, everyone looked up and grinned. There wasn't much the majority didn't know about each other, which always meant more dares. 

"Who wants to go first?" Evelyn said eagerly, sitting back in her seat and taking a drag from her joint.

"I will," Ava said confidently, raising her hand. 

"Truth or dare," Smyth said in a rough husky voice, sending tingles all down her back. 

"Dare," she replied, biting her bottom lip and leaning closer to him until she was practically on his lap. 

"I dare you to flash ya tits," Declan grinned excitedly. 

"No," Smyth grunted, returning his gaze to Ava. 

She pouted and fluttered her eyelashes, running her tongue along her top front teeth. Smyth shifted in his seat, grinning madly to himself. 

"I dare you to-," he had his girlfriend in his grasp; she would do anything he dared her. It was too exciting for words in Smyth's drunken state "I dare you to..."

"Oh my god, hurry up already," Ebony groaned. 

"I dare you to make out with Ems," Smyth finished, smirking at all the boys. 

"What!" Ebony exclaimed. 

"Okay," Ava jumped to her feet. A dare was a dare. 

"No, wait, Ava, this is a joke right?" Ebony held up her hands to stop her friend from coming any closer. Ava sat down beside her, Wade on the other side waiting patiently. He grinned as much as the rest of the boys. 

"Of course it's a joke...now come on, you hoe," Ava shuffled nearer, cupping the back of Ebony's neck and leaning in. 

"Ava wait-," Ebony had never kissed a girl before and wasn't about to either. 

Before she could speak again, Ava's lips were pressing against hers. It didn't stop there. Gradually, Ebony parted her own to allow Ava's tongue to glide over her bottom lip. She kept her eyes closed and tried to relax. It was just a joke after all. A dare. She began to kiss back, enjoying the softness and taste of Ava's plump sweet tasting lips. 

Just as she was beginning to calm, Ava's other hand ran down from her shoulder and to her breast. She flinched and pulled back, but was kept there by Ava's hand. She gasped between kisses. This was only the second hand to touch her there, and she liked it...

"Alright, I think that's enough," Wade chuckled, parting the two girls. 

Ebony stared at Ava in a completely different light as she pulled away and returned to her seat. Her heart was thumping in her chest. She felt a type of buzz throughout her body. Maybe this was why Ava and Evelyn got off at so many parties. She smirked, then blushed realising everyone was gawking at her. Ebony shrugged and looked to Evelyn. She winked back.

"Ebony, it's your turn. Truth or dare?" Wade nudged her, grinning to himself. He could see his girlfriend enjoyed that - maybe even a little more than he thought. 

"Dare," she said straight away, without a second thought. 

"I dare you to lick salsa sauce off your lovely boyfriend's ripped abs," Heather grinned from across the circle, passing around the salsa. 

"I don't even like salsa-," Ebony grasped the pot. 

"Do you wanna forfeit?" Doni winked. 

"What happens if you forfeit?" Eliza spoke up. She had never played truth or dare with the group. 

"Do it and find out," he raised his eyebrows suggestively making Eliza blush.

All eyes turned back to Ebony who was unscrewing the lid of the salsa pot. She looked to Wade who shrugged. He made a huge scene of taking off his t-shirt, rubbing a hand up and down his muscular upper body before lying back and allowing Ebony to spread a small amount just above his belly button. 

A lot of the girls inched closer to get a better look at Wade's outstretched body. Even when he was relaxed, his stomach was rock hard. Ebony held her hair with one hand and leant down. Wade propped himself up on his elbows so he could watch his girlfriend. He restrained himself from getting the erection he felt building. However, as soon as Ebony's tongue began to work its way up the line of salsa, he couldn't help but get slightly hard. She looked up at him with hungry eyes, working her tongue in circles, even after the salsa was gone. 

"We should stop this before Wade's got a full hard on," Jacob commented from beside them. 

Wade blushed discreetly, sitting up and pulling his t-shirt back on. Ebony's hand stayed firmly on his thigh. It wouldn't be long until he would have to take her to their tent, especially if she carried on massaging his skin through his shorts with the tips of her fingers. 

"Wade, truth or dare," Jacob nudged his friend. 

"Truth," Wade said, trying to mix up the game. 

"Wadey, what colour pants have you got on. The ones that are hardly hiding that huge erection you have," Theo winked. Eliza and the rest of them chuckled. 

Wade, ever the confident, got to his feet. He unbuckled and unzipped his jeans to reveal a pair of tight Superman underwear. He strolled over to where Theo sat. Eliza gasped with the others while Theo sat grinning until Wade's crotch was inches away from his face. 
