 Thursday

Some douche bag drove his overly loud motorcycle past my site at eight fucking fifteen in the morning waking me up with a start. Nikki stirred too. We were in the exact same position we went to sleep in. We were both so tired to even move or pull the comforter on. Nikki reached over and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"Morning lover." Nikki said.

She was entirely too bright eyed and bushytailed for me. A fucking morning person, damn it! 

"Morning." Was all I was able to manage. 

Nikki lifted her head and noticed I was at full mast.

"For me?" she asked way too happily for 8am.

"I got to pee. Drinking the water right before bed was needed but is has consequences." I explained.

"Don't you dare piss! I want to do something." Nikki said like she was on fire. Fucking morning people.

Nikki scurried around the RV looking for things. "Do you have any lube?" she asked.

"Bathroom medicine cabinet, all I have is KY."

"That's fine." Nikki said as she dove into the bathroom to grab the lube and towels.

When she closed the bathroom door she said, "I want you to pee in my ass."

"WHAT!" I exclaimed.

"Fucking Frank told me and showed me a video. It made me wet and I always wanted to try it. It's the last treat I can give you. You fucked me great, I got you off with my tits and I swallowed your goo. Everything Fucking Frank wanted from me. He tried anal a couple of times with me but it hurt me too much even with his little dick." Nikki went on.

"But I am bigger. Wouldn't that hurt you more?" I had to ask.

"First, Fucking Frank didn't use lube. Second he just slammed it in with no warning. I looked into it and lube is mandatory. With you I can relax more since I trust you so much. Next, I went online and looked into this. Golden showers mean pissing on people but this counts as well. From what I read a guy peeing into an ass feels real intense. A load of cum is like an ounce of liquid. A good piss it like eight ounces give or take." Nikki continued to make her case.

"Are you sure? I never did this before and I really don't want to hurt you." I said unsurely.

"I want this real bad. I want to give you my ass, you'd practically be giving you my virginity. Frank only dented it. And I want to feel you piss inside of me. You can't do it in the vag, I could get an infection but the ass is safe. I looked into it but wasn't going to tell Fucking Frank about it. Even reading about it turned me on so much. I hadn't thought about it in a while but seeing your erection and mentioned you needed to pee reminded me of it. Please do this for me?" Nikki pleaded. 

I thought about it for a few seconds and said, "OK, but we have to be quick about this. I am ready to burst."

Nikki giggled and jumped onto the bed. She laid down the towels one on top of the other. She squeezed some lube into her hand and greased up my dick. She flipped over onto her belly, reached behind and added more lube onto her asshole. For someone with limited anal experience she was really up for this experience. She looked at me, "Just go easy please. Oh, and give it to me now!"

I chuckled, "Yes ma'am. Just let me know if it hurts, well, hurts too much. I know it's going to hurt but I will be as gentle as I can."

I climbed into position. I eased the head up to the tight asshole and just let the two get to know each other for a bit. I eased my head into her ass and found it to be extremely tight. Nikki gasped and tightened up her ass.

"Breathe and try to relax." I told her.

I saw Nikki was white knuckling the comforter and was holding her breath. She relaxed her hands and ass and took long breaths. The effect was practically instantaneous. She relaxed and my cock slipped in an inch all by itself. I work in a little more taking time so as to not hurt her.

"How you doing?" I asked.

"Not bad. It's a little uncomfortable but not as bad as I thought." Nikki replied.

I started to short stroke her butt to get her used to the feeling. She began squirming and moving against me involuntarily. 

"Now that's feels good. It feels very full back there. I like it." Nikki said.

I started working in the rest of my dick by stroking in a little deeper every time. The deeper I got the more Nikki reacted. I got all the way in and started long stroking her.

"That's feeling really good now. Give me the whole thing." She said.

"I have no more to give you, that's all I got." I said as I slammed into her a couple of times so she could feel my full length.

"Oh, that feels so good. And it makes me feel kind of dirty like I am doing something naughty. I am so wet from this. Keep giving it to me hard like that." Nikki said.

Wow, from no anal to asking for it harder in like two minutes. This woman really is opening up her life. I started pounding her tiny ass. I lay on her back, slipped my hands under her and held her tits both for my pleasure and hers. She was thrashing around and making deep guttural sounds from the back of her throat. I don't know who was surprised more by her orgasm, me or her. She came hard and I felt the contractions in her ass. I know a few women that can cum from anal but this one surprised me. As she was cumming I thought this was the time to release some piss. I was having enough trouble holding it back as it was. I let a little go to gauge the reaction. Nikki was still cumming and stopped movement as she felt the hot liquid in her butt.

"More! Give me more!" she insisted.

I released some more.

"Go for it! Give me it all!" Nikki demanded.

I opened the floodgates worrying about spillage and unleashed my bladder into Nikki's ass. She was still as I filled her up and then she laid flat on the bed not moving.

"Oh my god! That feels so good. So intense, so hot. Don't move, just keep pouring." Nikki said.

I had a full bladder so I streamed on for almost a minute. In the end I have to admit that the hot liquid around my cock felt really good.

"If you're done then pull out carefully." Nikki added.

I eased out of her ass and got off of her. She carefully got up and must have been squeezing her cheeks together to keep everything inside. She duck walked to the bathroom and opened the door.

"Come here David."

I stood and walked to the bathroom. Nikki was sitting on the bowl with her legs wide apart. She was fingering herself (her belly was blocking my view) with her right hand and reached up with her left to stroke me. I heard water hitting the bowl but I didn't know if it was hers or mine. 

"I'm cumming again!" Nikki said and she released everything she had at once.

It was amazing to watch, this big babe frigging away as she emptied her bladder and ass together. After her orgasm subsided she slumped into the seat for a moment.

When she was ready Nikki looked up at me. "That was so intense I can't put it into words. I never came so hard before. Damn that was good. Thank you."

"I enjoyed it to. I was surprised to see you cum from an ass pounding. That is unusual."

"*You* were surprised? How about me? It was a different type of orgasm too. The pee in my ass felt so good and there was so much of it. The temperature really set me off." Nikki went on.

"That's good, I might have to add that into my repertoire." I said.

"Nice. I want to wash up. Is that OK?" I was asked.

"Of course. I'll get your towel." 

Nikki closed the door and started the shower. I heard a beep from my cell phone. Oh shit, I forgot to charge it last night. Probably a low battery warning. I found my phone and plugged it into the charger. It still had half a charge but there was a text message. I opened it up. It was from Tina. It said, 'I would like to talk. I'll bring breakfast. Let me know when coast is clear. How do u like your coffee or tea?'

I thought for a moment. After the water stopped I opened the bathroom door and handed Nikki the towel.

"Feel good?" I asked.

"I feel exquisite! Never better. I know I thanked you but I really what you to understand how much all this meant to me. I feel like a new woman, like I was reborn. And you did it for me." Nikki said before leaning to me and planting a big kiss on my lips.

"As long as you're happy, that's all I care about. Now, it's about 8:45. When do you need to get back to your camp?" I asked.

"Shit, like an hour ago. But I promised to get you off again."

"Nikki, I understand. Family obligations. You go and do what you need to do. I got so well fucked yesterday I might need 24 hours before I could cum again." I said hopefully hiding my disappointment.

"You are a sweetheart. Thank you for understanding. I am going to try to sneak into camp and get dressed before my parents see I came back without any underwear. They know I am out getting laid but I don't like to advertise it. Plus, I don't want them to find out what really happened last night and with how many guys." Nikki announced with a wicked smile.

I chuckled, "Understood, your secret is safe with me. Dry off and I'll find your clothes."

I closed the bathroom door and grabbed my cell. I texted Tina back saying '30 mins from now. Coffee regular please. Give me a 2 min warning JIC'.

I got Nikki's clothes together and put them on the counter by the sink right outside of the bathroom. I realized that it looks like I was giving Nikki the bums rush. I tried to back it down somewhat.

Nikki opens the bathroom door. I hand over her clothes. Nikki takes them and heads to the front passenger seat. She quickly towels herself off and puts the towel down. She stands facing me with her hands on her hips.

"I feel bad about leaving you without one last orgasm. You sure that I can't tempt you into one more fuck for the road?" Nikki asked sincerely.

"No, I feel bad that you're late getting back to your site. Plus I am still pretty fucked out. I am probably going back to sleep for a couple hours unless another asshole rides his bike by again." I replied.

Nikki pulls on her shorts and shirt. "OK, I understand. Don't mean to pressure you. I'll get out of your hair. Won't forget to wash off your dick. Don't want the next woman tasting my shit on it."

I grinned. "I'll wash, sleep, and when I wake up a full shower. It was great to meet you. Thanks for everything."

"And thank you. Honestly, you have changed my life. I still have your card and email address. I'll drop you a note and let you know how I'm doing. Who knows, if you ever get out to Harrisburg or I come to New Jersey maybe we can hook up again." Nikki threw out obviously fishing.

"I am too wasted right now to make any long term plans. Mail me your address and we'll keep in touch." I said trying to diffuse the situation. I knew that the email address on my old card was dead and the drop phone would be discarded soon which should end any future contact.

Nikki folded the towel and placed in on the sink counter. She pulled on her flip flops and walked over to me. She wrapped her arms around me and held me for a moment.

"David, you really changed my life for the better. Thank you a thousand times." And then she kissed me tenderly.

Just then my cell gave a chirp of a new text message. Nikki looked at the phone.

"Low battery, I was too tired last night to charge it." I explained.

"Sounded to me like a text message. Lining up the next snatch to bang? Good for you. Get all that you can. I'll get out of your hair so you can get the next lady in." Nikki said.

I decided to avoid that conversation. "I want to thank you too for everything. I know they loved you at Deb's place last night. You were quite popular."

Nikki released me after one more kiss. "Yeah, that was so great. I loved it. Wish I knew about it a week ago, I would have been there every night. I am gone, enjoy yourself."

I opened the door for her and she stepped outside and headed to her site casually. I could see her big tits sway under her shirt even as she walked away from me. She was very happy and almost skipping as she headed in the direction of the tent sites. I closed the door and got my cell. Tina replied 'JIC?' I wrote back 'Just In Case. Coast is clear now. Come by any time'.

I got my towel and headed to my bathroom. First priority was a good shower. I washed off head to toe with particular care to my crotch. I quickly dried off and pulled on clean gym shorts (no underwear, I had hopes Tina and I would do more than talk) and a tee shirt. Next I quickly cleaned up the bed. I found the KY but not the cap. I tossed the tube on the counter and shook out the comforter looking for the top to the tube. It was nowhere to be found. I folded up the bed stuff and stored it in the overhead. I giggled to myself that there is no way Tina could reach the overheads without a ladder. I reassembled the table after converting the bed back to a couch. I put the KY back into the bathroom. I looked around for any incriminating evidence. I plugged my phone into the charger, put Nikki's empty beer bottle into recycling, put my whiskey glass in the sink and walked around looking for anything else out of place. I found last night's dirty clothes and placed them in the dirty clothes bag. One last look around and I was satisfied. Oh wait, no! I forgot about the shades. Starting at the back I opened all the shades around the vehicle. I didn't want Tina to think I was expecting anything. On the second shade I heard a knock. I lifted the side door shade and looked down. I saw the top of Tina's head. I slid the door open.

"Good morning." I said.

Tina was smiling and holding a box of food. I reached down and took the box and put in on the sink counter. I reached down and took Tina's hand. It was a big step for her to get into the RV but once past the first step she made it fine.

I closed the door and looked down at Tina. She was wearing shorts, sandals and a tee shirt that must have been purchased in the kids department. I went down to one knee to give her a hug. She responded in kind. She wanted to talk so I wasn't being overly sexual. 

"Can I give you the dime tour?" I asked joking?

"No thanks, I need coffee and something to eat. Let's sit." Tina replied.

We sat at the table after bringing out the box of food. I let Tina dish it out.

"Two large coffees, both regular. I figured we both could use them this morning. I got a bagel with cream cheese, some Danish and doughnuts. Help yourself, I'm happy with whatever you don't want." I was told.

"Want to split the bagel with me?" I asked diplomatically.

Tina smiled, "Sure, thanks."

I opened up the paper wrapped bagel and we each took half. After a sip of coffee and a bite of bagel I asked, "Oh, before I forget, thank you for breakfast. It's really appreciated. So, what's on your mind? What did you want to talk about?"

Tina put down her bagel and looked serious. "Look David, I have been thinking about this but I don't know how to say it the right way without you thinking I'm some over bearing chick. If this comes out the wrong way please let me have a do over."

In my mind I was thinking of all sorts of possibilities of what might be said in the next few minutes. I decided that it would probably be better that the worst case scenario I thought about but sat back to let Tina say her piece. "OK, say what's on your mind."

Tina struggled for the words, then she just blurted it out. "David, I really like you a lot. In one hour you treated me better and made me feel so good, more than anyone has done for me in a long, long time. I don't want to get all possessive of you but I do want to spend time with you while we can."

She looked at me half expecting to run for the door. I grinned and took another sip of coffee as I formulated my response.

"Tina, the short answer is you've got it. We need to clarify a few things but I would love to spend more time with you one on one. I really enjoyed out time together as well and wanted to meet up with you again." I said honestly.

Tina gave a sigh of relief. She didn't scare me off. "Good, I was hoping you felt the same way. Look, I don't care who you bang. Fuck anyone and everyone you want. All I ask is that you save me some time and energy. I have a few ideas of nasty things I want to share with you."

"That's sounds good, I like your freak factor." Opps, I realized that was a poor choice of words when talking to a little person. "Oh, sorry. When I said freak I was talking about the sex, not the..."

Tina cut me off with a grin, "I know what you meant. No big deal. I have a thick skin about my height. I introduce myself as 'Tiny Tina' because nothing cool could be made out of Justine."

"Justine?" I had to ask.

"Yeah, my parents named me Justine after my aunt. I never liked it so I shortened it to Tina."

"OH, I see."

"That's one thing I really liked about you. For the first time with a midget you didn't treat me like one. Every other first timer has all their freaky requests or asks the same 700 bullshit questions. You just went right at it, you, for the most part, treated me like a normal sized woman and you seemed to enjoy yourself and me. For example, most guys don't want to do missionary because I wind up with my face buried in their chest. I don't mind it because I like the position. You went right for it. Also, you were very unselfish which is unusual. Most guys think I am going to run away in five minutes and try to get everything in that they want to do so they rush. And you took very good care of me before even thinking about yourself, again unusual. I really do appreciate you and the way you treated me. I hope you keep doing it." Tina explained.

I took a few seconds to digest everything that was said. "To be honest, I had to make the conscious decision to not treat you like a plaything and to go at it like two normal people would. OK, that came out wrong but I hope you understand the meaning."

"Relax, I am fine. Now, I know you plan on meeting Lititia later. You're going to enjoy your session with her, I sure as fuck did. I imagine that you're going to want to go back to Howie and Deb's tonight too considering how much they enjoyed you and you created quite a demand for yourself. I can see why. I have no problem with that. All I ask is to spend some time with you one on one in-between your other engagements, preferably when you are not exhausted. In the same vein, understand that I am going to be getting mine too. I generally go to Deb's, grab a girl or guy, go back to my place, go at it then head back for more. A few special friends I see during the day and very rarely I ask someone to spend the night so feel honored." Tina explained.

"You're bi I guess?" I had to ask.

"I like pussy, but I LOVE dick. I really like playing with big boobs like Lititia has. My opinion is that anyone who wants to lick my clit is good in my book. Doesn't matter male or female. Go for it." Tina continued.

"I feel the same about my dick but have not had the opportunity for a guy to suck me. Well, Mike offered last night." I added.

"Mike is a good guy but he tries too hard to convert straight guys. But if there is no dick around for him he's right in the pussy." Tina replied.

"Yeah, I saw that last night. One thing with Mike that made me feel real good about myself is that he may be taller, have a bigger dick and tons of muscles but I have better endurance and not as quick on the trigger as he is." I said.

Tina giggled, "Yeah, that's Mike all right. Trust me, everyone was talking last night about you and everyone, and I mean everyone, was very impressed with your skill, attitude and everything else about you. You were a star, particularly for a first timer. Just one suggestion, put down the backpack. No one will touch your stuff."

I shrugged, "I didn't know the etiquette. I was a first timer. Didn't want to lose my stuff and walk home naked. Hell, Nikki lost all her underwear. We thought someone collected them as a souvenir."
