 Kate had always been one of the guys. Not by design, it had just been one of those roles she fell into easily, since she had grown up with two brothers. Thus, it didn't strike her as unusual when Jason and Eric, who had been planning what they were calling "A Manly Camping Trip" casually asked one day if she'd like to tag along. 

"I don't know if I qualify for this trip, since I don't have a penis," she pointed out. 

Eric looked at her as though he had forgotten this minor fact. "It doesn't matter. We like having you around. Plus, I know for a fact that you actually own a sleeping bag, so already you're light years ahead of these other city slickers who wanted to come with us."

"Yeah, you've done real camping," Jason said. "I mean, I went on, like, Boy Scout trips when I was fourteen, but this is different. We're all adults."

Kate had to admit that a weekend out of the city was tempting, so she agreed to go along. 

Which was how she found herself sitting on a boulder next to a lake in the woods, satiated after a meal of grilled fish that Eric had caught that same day, absently throwing pebbles into the water. It had been a fun trip so far, but, despite spending almost every waking minute that day with either Jason or Eric or both, she felt alone. The boys never looked at her in the way she wanted to be looked at, she thought to herself. And Eric had been talking nonstop about this girl he'd just met, how well they'd hit it off, a little pixie girl to contrast with Eric's more husky frame. 

A long pair of legs entered her field of vision. "Mind if I join you?" asked Jason. 

"Not at all," said Kate. She had what she was pretty sure was an unrequited crush on Jason, which made moments with him awkward at times, but she was happy enough to be in his company. 

He sat down next to her on the boulder, and they didn't say anything for a long time. Kate continued to lob small rocks into the lake, and Jason just gazed off in the distance. 

"Where's Eric?" Kate asked. 

"He figured out that if he stood just to the left of this tree over by the tent that he could get enough of a cell phone signal to check his voicemail."

Kate laughed. "So much for roughing it."

Jason looked over at her. The moon was full and cast a bluish glow over her face. She was wrapped up in a baggy college sweatshirt, but she had shorts on and her well-toned calves were on display. "We've known each other a long time, eh?" he asked. 

"God. Fourteen years? It's insane. I can't believe so much time has gone by."

"Me neither." Jason hadn't noticed until they'd spent time in such close quarters how attractive she was. She had short, dark hair and a lithe frame, flawless skin, big brown eyes. She'd been like a sibling to him most of the time they'd known each other, but lately, something stirred when he saw her. And she looked especially lovely in the moonlight that night, with her hair blowing in the breeze. 

He wrestled with whether to say anything, instead said, "It's nice to get out of the city."

"It is," Kate agreed. "What were you getting at before with how long we've known each other?"

"What? Oh. Nothing, really. I just thought it was interesting. Who'd have thought that we'd be twenty-eight and single and on a camping trip like a bunch of college kids?"

Kate laughed. "Oh, it's fun," she said. 

"You sure you're okay with sharing a tent with us boys?"

"As long as neither of you snores. Although it's nice of you to acknowledge that I'm not one of your kind."

"I know you're a girl, Kate," said Jason. 

She raised an eyebrow. "Do you?"

He blushed, but she couldn't see it in the dark. He turned his head away. "Of course. It's hard not to notice sometimes."

"Yeah?" She was feeling a little playful, and had realized she'd made him a little vulnerable. "What things do you notice?"

"Well, for starters, though you can't tell under that giant sweatshirt, you have fantastic breasts."

She was so shocked by this admission that she was momentarily speechless. The only thing she could think of to say in response was, "The sweatshirt is Eric's."

Feeling a little bolder, Jason said, "I won't deny that I've wanted to make out with you on a few occasions."

"Wow," said Kate. "Funny you should mention that. There've been a few times I've wanted to make out with you." She inched a little closer to where he was sitting so that their butts nearly touched. 

"Funny how that goes," said Jason, feeling nearly breathless. Their faces were close now. He gently ran his thumb over her bottom lip. "I've thought about kissing you," he said. 

"Why didn't you ever say anything?"

"Because you're my friend! And you're friends with most of my friends. I didn't want it to be weird. But I definitely know you're a girl, Kate. Painfully aware." That pain had manifested itself in an erection in his shorts, one that was already straining against his zipper. He hadn't even touched her yet, he thought, but something about the moonlight and nature had him wanting to devour her whole. 

The feeling was mutual. "Let's put all that aside for the weekend," said Kate. "All this nature's giving me some funny ideas."

"Yeah?" He couldn't hold out anymore. Her face was right there. He tipped his head slightly and kissed her. The kiss deepened, and he sucked a bit on her bottom lip. She moaned softly, already anticipating what might lie ahead. 

"Oh, lots of ideas," she said when the kiss broke. 

Then they heard their names being called. Kate rolled her eyes. The got up and walked back to the tent. 

"I'm going to turn in," Eric announced. "I think we all should, but mostly because I can't sleep with that lantern on, but if I turn it off, you'll never find the tent again."

"Fair enough," said Jason. 

The three of them climbed into the tent and lay out their sleeping bags. It was a six-man tent, so they had plenty of space. Kate tried to forget what had just happened with Jason and lay down to fall asleep, but no sleep came. Soon, Eric was snoring away, though, which made it even harder to fall asleep. She rolled onto her side and looked at Jason. "You awake?" she whispered. 

"Yeah," he whispered back. "God, did he swallow a jackhammer?"

Kate slid over as far as she could to get close to Jason. He put a hand on her arm and stroked affectionately. "Now what are we going to do?"

"Don't know. But unless he quiets down, I don't know if sleep is going to be forthcoming." He sighed. "I'm a bit warm," he commented, before unzipping his sleeping bag and throwing the top off. 

Kate took in his long, lanky body. He was wearing a black tee-shirt and black knit shorts. It was so dark that she could only really see the outline of his body, but she noticed something suspicious in his shorts. 

Something in her told her he wouldn't mind much if she investigated. 

She reached over and touched him. 

"Hey!" he whisper-shouted. 

"Shh," she said. She was feeling a little devious. She leaned over and kissed him, intending for it to just be a peck, but he put a hand on the back of her head and held her there. While he was thus distracted, she put her hand on his shorts, felt his cock get harder as she lay her hand there. He shifted his hips in a way that gave her a little bit easier access. "Is this okay?" she asked, their lips still touching. 

"Oh, yeah," he said. 

They resumed kissing. She kept exploring with her hands. She could feel his cock through his shorts, could feel that it was substantial, maybe bigger than any she'd seen before, long and lean like the rest of him. She reached into his shorts and put her hand around it, which earned a assenting grunt from him. He got a hand inside the big sweatshirt she was wearing, but she didn't really offer up her body, she was more interested in him at this point. 

She listened to verify that Eric was still snoring away, and pushed Jason's shorts down a little so that his cock was exposed to the air. "Oh, God," Jason gasped as he felt a breeze pass over his skin. She put her hand around his cock and started to stroke, lightly at first, then with more conviction. With one hand, he got her bra undone and with the other, he put his hand under it, cupping her left breast, just feeling it at first, then giving it a squeeze, then letting his thumb graze over the nipple. She sighed, sucked in some air through her teeth, then really began stroking him, fast and hard. 

"If you keep that up, I'm going to come really fast," he said. 

"That's the idea," she replied. 

And she kept up the stroking. Her fingers felt like magic on his cock, and here it was, a whole day's worth of sexual tension getting relieved all at once. And here she was, those breasts, those legs, laying next to him, stroking his cock. She started to move her hand around a little, cupping and massaging his balls, then her thumb rubbing the head, then back to the stroking. He thought it maybe the best hand job he'd ever had, and he wanted it to last forever, but he knew the inevitable was near. 

He grabbed a big fistful of her sweatshirt and twisted it in his hand. She knew what this meant. She grinned at him. He lost it and came all over her hand. Then, much to his astonishment, she lifted the hand to her mouth and licked. 

"Think you can sleep now?" she asked. 

"No," he said. But he pulled up his shorts and lay his head on his pillow, feeling satisfied and a little sleepy. She put her head near his, and they drifted off to sleep together. Neither noticed that Eric had stopped snoring. 

***

Eric was up bright and early the next morning, before Kate and Jason even stirred. He never had been able to sleep if there was any light. He walked over to the lake and considered throwing in a fishing line, but instead, he sat on the boulder where Jason and Kate had kissed the night before. 

He was mildly disturbed by what he'd witnessed in the middle of the night. He'd known Jason lusted after Kate a bit and was surprised to see the inverse was true, also, but more than that, he'd found watching them together really arousing. He got hard just thinking about it now, out by the lake. He stole a quick glance back at the tent—still no sign of movement—and unzipped his shorts, pulling out his cock. He pictured Kate naked, her perfectly pert little breasts, her long legs, and he fantasized the cock in his hand pumping in and out of her. Then Jason popped into his vision, and he saw them the night before, Kate going to town on Jason's long cock and the beautiful sight of Jason's back arching as he came. Eric knew not why he found this so erotic, but he was getting excited just thinking about maybe witnessing it again that night. Maybe they'd go farther, he thought. Or maybe they'd even let him join. He kept pulling and stroking on his cock furiously, and when he came, he shot his load straight up in the air and watched it arc away. 

Jason woke up not long after Eric had left the tent. He watched Kate sleep for a while. She looked beautiful in the morning light, he thought. He couldn't keep himself from touching her. He reached over and stroked her face, which caused her to stir. Her eyes fluttered open. 

"Hi," she said sleepily. 

"Hi," he responded. "Eric's gotten up already."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, and I heard him grab a fishing pole, so I think he'll be gone for a little while."

"Are you implying something?" she asked. 

"Yeah," he said. He leaned over and kissed her aggressively. He unzipped her sleeping bag and climbed inside it with her. Then he pulled off her sweatshirt. 

"Woah, there, tiger," she said. "What's going on?"

"Words cannot describe how much I want you," he said. 

"Oh, well, then," she said. She kissed him hard, pulled off his tee-shirt. 

Her shorts had ridden up in the night, and she could feel his hard cock through his shorts against her bare thigh. She really wanted to feel that cock in her hands again. She maneuvered herself so that she was on top of him, and she threw off the sleeping bag and straddled his knees. She pulled down his shorts and grabbed his cock with both hands, stroking it eagerly. 

He sat up and pulled off her tee shirt. He saw that her bra was still undone from the night before, so he quickly disposed of that, too. He leaned in and sucked on one of her pink nipples and grabbed and kneaded her other breast with his hand. She sighed as he first licked then bit the nipple in his mouth. 

He then reached down and unbuttoned, then unzipped, her shorts. She got up on her knees and started to pull them down, at which point he slid a hand in under her panties and touched her delicately with his fingers. She was dripping wet, he was delighted to find. His middle finger slid easily inside of her. She gasped when he put his index finger there, also. 

They were each out of their respective bottoms in record time, and then Kate was on her back on the ground and Jason hovered over her. She looked at his well-muscled chest, felt the delicate hair there, then licked his jaw line, feeling the day's worth of stubble. He was so sexy and masculine. She kissed him and spread her legs for him. She then felt his cock poking at her vagina. "God, yes," she said, and grabbed his ass and pushed him inside. 

He nearly came right then, finally inside of her, feeling the silky warmth. He held back, though, and slowly started to stroke in and out. She felt her whole body tingle, felt the orgasm building up already, and on his fifth or sixth stroke, a huge orgasm wracked her body. And still he held back, and started thrusting harder as she rode the orgasm. She grabbed onto him, digging her nails into his back, biting her lip to keep from crying out and causing Eric to return to investigate. Then she came again, even harder than the first time. Jason could feel her muscles contracting around his cock, which is what finally did him in. He emptied inside of her. 

They opted to change into bathing suits instead of putting their clothes back on, and Jason grabbed a bar of soap on their way to the lake, presumably to bathe. Just watching Kate's very female body walking in front of him towards the lake had him getting hard again, as he watched her ass sway a bit as she walked. She was in a bikini that covered her ass and her breasts a bit more than Jason would have liked, but it showed off her flat stomach. He couldn't wait to get her really truly alone, back home in the city, so he could kiss that stomach. 

Jason saw Eric's tee-shirt on the boulder and realized that he must've had a similar idea. Indeed, Eric had waded out up to his waist in the lake. Jason felt disappointed that he'd miss out on opportunities to feel up Kate, but he shrugged and plunged right in. Eric looked back when he saw the splashing. 

The first thing he saw was Kate, resplendent in her bikini, standing on top of the boulder. He felt his cock grow. Then he saw Jason wading towards him. Then, suddenly, Jason was under water, and Eric then felt a hand on his ass, just quickly, then Jason surfaced right next to him. It was an old game they'd played as kids. Eric turned away from Jason so that Jason wouldn't spot his erection. 

"Water's fantastic, Kate!" Jason hollered. 

Kate cautiously walked to the edge and put her foot forward. The water was very warm. She started to wade out to where the boys were standing. 

"You boys wonder what it'd be like to skinny dip in this lake?" she asked. That was all it took to get Jason completely hard again. 

"I can imagine," he said. 

Kate happened to look down and see what was going on with Eric, too. An idea was springing to her mind that she thought was too outrageous, but then she felt Jason's hand glide across her ass. She turned to Eric. "Jason and I have kind of a pact going. We're forgetting about all outside responsibilities and hassles for the weekend. We're forgetting about friendships and pixie girls and everything that's going on at home. We're isolated in the woods."

"Sounds like a good pact," said Eric. 

"It is. I think you should get in on it, too."

"Okay."

Jason was catching on. "There are benefits," he said. 

Kate grinned mischievously. "Jason and I just had hot sex in the tent."

"Oh," said Eric. 

"I'm still feeling horny, though. And I think it's about time you took me for a female. I'm tired of being one of the guys." With that, she took off her bikini top and tossed it on shore. It landed near Eric's discarded tee-shirt. "Touch me," she commanded of him. 

Eric gave Jason a cautious look, but Jason seemed to be eating up the scene, so Eric went ahead and put his hand on one of Kate's breasts. Her skin was incredibly soft, and he could feel her hard nipple against his palm. It felt amazing. 

Jason got behind her and pressed his cock against her ass. He reached around and cupped her other breast with his hand. Kate let out a low moan as both boys began to touch and feel and stroke. She reached down and put her hands straight into Eric's shorts and grabbed his cock. His was not as long as Jason's, but it was thicker. And it was hard. 

"I have a wild idea," she said. 

"I'm already there," said Jason. 

Eric could hardly speak. 

Kate took her hands out of his shorts and put one on either side of his face. Then she pulled him in and kissed him hard. He didn't move his hand from her breast and squeezed it a little harder as she kissed him. He pressed his cock against her and she spread her legs a little to accommodate him. 

Jason untied Kate's bikini bottom and took off his own shorts. He tossed both ashore and they landed with a wet slap on the boulder. He then put his hands on her hips and pressed his cock against her ass, letting it sit between the cheeks. She found this incredibly arousing. But she wanted more. She ordered Eric to take his shorts off, too. He obliged and slid them off, then threw them on the shore with the other discarded clothes. 

Kate began to stroke Eric's cock slowly as Jason rubbed his against her ass. Jason had his hands on both of her breasts and Eric put his on her shoulders to steady himself. He could hardly believe what was happening. Kate leaned her head back on Jason's shoulder, and Jason took his cue and kissed her, letting his tongue unroll in her mouth, getting twisted up in her. Eric watched and found it incredibly erotic. He moaned. 

"This is hot, boys, but I think we should take it onto dry land." Kate pulled away and started to wade out of the lake. She didn't even bother to pick up her bikini, just walked straight back to the tent. Eric and Jason followed, both of their cocks leading the way. 

The boys sat on either side of Kate as she assessed the situation. She leaned down and licked Eric's cock, felt it in her hand, sized it up. Then she did the same to Jason, but she lingered, pulling his cock into her mouth. Jason leaned back and propped himself up on his arms while she got to work. She got on her hands and knees and put her ass up in the air. 

She said, "I want you inside me, Eric." 

Eric wasted no time. He got up on his knees and put a hand on either side of her hips. He watched, amazed, as she sucked on Jason's cock, liked the way her lips looked wrapped around it, even found the ecstatic look on his friend's face arousing. He stroked himself a little to verify that he was still hard, then he put a finger in her pussy to test the waters. She pushed back on his finger. He felt around in the slippery folds. He leaned down to smell her, licked her, tasted her. She tasted sweet. 

"Stop teasing and fuck me, Eric!" she commanded. 

He got back up on his knees and positioned his cock at her opening. She rocked her hips a bit and he plunged right in, savoring the sensation. Then he started to thrust in and out, all the time watching his cock come out and disappear again back into her, felt his balls hit her clit, heard her moan and shake as he picked up speed, all while she was still sucking on Jason. 
