 Warning: You might discover typos, grammatical errors, misspellings, and other flaws in the following writing. If this offends you or you feel the need to feel superior and point out every error please stop reading now. Thank you.

*****

Wednesday

We woke up about the same time. Ann looked into my eyes and said, "Morning lover. Know what time it is?"

I threw off the covers, "Time to pee, excuse me."

Ann laughed and helped me disentangle myself from the sheets. After I pee'd I came back to an empty bed. Ann was standing by the driver's seat I guess checking the clock. 

"My turn!" she informed me.

I grinned and held the door open for her. She stepped in and closed the door. She was out a minute later and looked at me.

"Listen, I hate long goodbyes. It's later than I hoped, I gotta get back and pack but I really wanted to fuck you once more." Ann looked at me and batted her eyes, "Care for a quickie?"

I laughed and took her hand dragging her back to bed. We kissed for a moment but Ann quickly moved to sucking my rapidly expanding dick. I was going to really miss her oral skills. In a few minutes she stood up on the bed and grabbed a condom from its place and carefully rolled it onto me. She eased herself onto my cock squatting down. She worked it up and down spreading her own lubrication on my shaft. She soon was accepting the full unit inside of her and was happily bouncing up and down on me. The first orgasm hit her hard and fast but she never slowed down. After a couple more she slowed down and repositioned off her feet onto her hands and knees. She rocked back and forth on me with a devilish grin on her face.

"OK, I am happy. Now it's your turn. How do you want to remember me?" Ann asked me.

"Ooooo, so many choices. Fuck you from behind, pull out and cum on that sweet ass. Shoot another load down that sweet throat of yours. Cum in that pussy. What's a boy to do?" I responded. 

"Hmmmm, all good choices. You pick." Ann said as she continued to rock on me. "But make it soon please."

A thought flashed into my head like a lightning bolt. "I know! Get on your belly."

Ann never hesitated. She slipped off of me and lay prone on the bed. I got up and tore off the condom. I grabbed the lube and hopped onto the bed. I dove in eating her ass again preparing to give her my farewell salute. I removed my tongue and lubed up my cock. I eased it into her sweet inviting ass and was soon pounding away. Ann suddenly got very vocal.

"Oh yeah, fuck that ass baby. Pound it hard. That's it, burry that thick cock inside of me. It feels so dam big. Oh yeah, give it hard to me. Come on David, drop that load in me." Ann wailed on. I was glad that the windows were closed, the AC was on and I had checked the jacks cause we were really rocking that place.

I was ready to blow my load and quickly pulled out.

"Turn over." I said while stroking my dick to keep the wad on its way.

Ann turned over and sat up. She started moving her mouth to my dick looking concerned. I would never go ass to mouth without clearing it with my partner first but I guess Ann was willing to please me. I put my hand in her shoulder holding her in position.

"Lift up your tits." I said through clenched teeth. (Only a couple of seconds left.)

Ann suddenly got it and smiled. She grabbed her boobs and squeezed them together. My cum shot out and landed right at the top of her cleavage.

"Now hurry back to camp and share that with your sisters." I said squeezing out every last drop.

Ann's eyes lit up with understanding. She got out of bed and carefully pulled on her shorts and shirt to avoid losing the load. I stood up and helped her gather her things. I even held her flip flops so she wouldn't have to bend over. She took her bag and I opened the door keeping my naked body hidden from view.

"Good bye Ann, thank you for making my trip."

"Thanks for the great time David. Keep in touch please." Ann said.

I leaned down and gave her a quick kiss and she headed out the side door. She even had the class to slide it shut so I wouldn't have to expose myself. I crawled back into bed and went back to sleep for a couple hours. It had been a fairly strenuous couple of days.

I woke up before noon feeling relaxed and refreshed. I used the bathroom, made a pot of coffee on the stove and threw a couple of pop tarts in the microwave. I was hungry but was looking forward to a good burger in the park a while later. I decided to do my housekeeping right away before I started any new adventures. I gathered up my dirty clothes bag, took the sheets and comforter, all dirty towels and anything else I needed to wash and bagged them all up. I got the detergents and crap and the roll of quarters I had put aside just for this purpose. I had on gym shorts and a tee shirt from last night (only worn once, not wash worthy yet) and flip flops and lugged my mess over to the wash house which is all part of the bathrooms, showers and dish washing areas. I got to the washers and figure I'll need two. The comforter need a washer to itself, everything else I can was together. There is a woman reading a book standing over the washers who looks up at me.

"You need the washers? My stuff is on the final spin, should be a couple of minutes." She smiled at me.

I put down my stuff out of the way. "Thanks, I'm in no rush."

She nodded at me and went back to her book. I pulled out my cell and checked my messages. In a minute the washer ended its cycle and the woman moved her stuff to the dryers. I patiently waited until she was finished and then filled up the washers. I added the soap and quarters and started up. The woman was back in her book standing by the dryers.

"Excuse me, I was wondering if you'd mind keeping an eye on my stuff. I am going to run back to the site for a minute." I asked the woman.

"No problem, I'm not going anywhere." She smiled back at me.

"Thanks, be right back."

I headed back to the site with my detergent and decided to kill two birds at once. I grabbed my shower stuff and a clean towel and headed back. I walked back to the washer area and the woman was still guarding the machines.

"I fought off a hoard of angry laundry thieves and several dirty laundry perverts but your stuff is safe." The woman joked when she saw me again.

"You had a hard day and it isn't even noon yet but I do appreciate your vigilance. If you want to take off I'll take the next guard duty shift." I replied.

"No but thanks. I don't have anywhere else to be and I got my book. That's all I need." She answered.

"OK, offer stands."

"If you want to shower while your stuffs washing go ahead. Don't take forever, my things will be dry in about 25 minutes." She offered.

"Thank you very much. I'll be quick." I grabbed up my shower things and found an empty stall.

Showering alone, while nowhere near as fun as with Ann, is a lot more efficient. I was done in less than 15 minutes. I walked around the corner to the washers and the woman was on her knees in the dryer. 

"Are you all right?" I asked.

I guess I kind of startled her. She popped out of the dryer and looked at me.

"Yes, I am fine but my things are stuck. Could you please see if you can free them?" she asked from her knees.

"No problem." I answered. I put down my shower things as the women moved out of the way. I kneeled down and looked inside the dryer. There was only a few items left in the dryer but everyone caught my eye. Everything I saw was either a thong or a shear bra. Apparently the bra strap was caught on something in the back of the dryer. I leaned in to feel if I could remove it without tearing the strap. I backed out, repositioned and reached in with my other hand. I felt a little sliver of metal that was holding it and a hand on my cock. I dam near jumped out of my skin when I realized that someone was feeling my dick. I hoped some guy wasn't working my unit.

When I got myself out of the dryer the woman was on her knees right behind me. "I'm sorry. Once you bent over your dick was just hanging loose right in front of me. I couldn't resist giving him a rub."

I grinned, "Yeah, I went commando today to throw my stuff in the wash."

She smiled back at me. "It's very nice."

What could I say to that? "Thanks. Now, before I get killed, hands off for a minute please."

I went back in the dryer and freed the bra strap and handed it to her. I got a better look at it as I handed it over. It was very small and sheer. I would guess it was one of those that just lifted from the bottom but left most of the tit exposed. She took the bra from me without any embarrassment and added it to her laundry bag. I moved out of the way and she finished removing the thongs from the dryer.

"Thank you very much. I appreciate that. That is one of my favorite bras and I would hate to damage it." She said.

"No problem."

She stood and took a step closer towards me and extended her hand. "My name's Deb."

I took her hand and said "David." I didn't know where this was going.

"David, I'd like to reward you for saving my bra. Would you like to join me in the shower stall for a blow job?" Deb asked point blank.

OK, WTF! What the hell was going on? I took stock of the situation. I looked over this woman. She was about five foot seven, looked reasonably fit, I guessed mid 40's, slight graying in her blondish hair, smallish tits, flat stomach and an OK ass. She saw me looking her over and gave a quick twirl around giving me a show. Obviously she wasn't my type of woman but she kept herself well.

"That's very nice of you but it wasn't a big deal." I replied.

"I know, but I want to. A good deed deserves a reward. Please, let me do this for you. I am very good at it." Deb continued.

Wow, not many women brag about their oral skills. This intrigued me.

As I thought about the situation Deb took my hand. She grabbed her laundry bag in the other hand and headed to the showers. It seemed like she decided that this was going to happen.

I stopped her and said, "One sec."

I grabbed my towel and shower supplies and we walked into the first available shower stall. Deb hung her laundry bag on the only hook in the room and locked the door. She tossed my towel on the hook above her bag and placed my shower supplies on the floor. There was a wood stool in there to help with the dressing and undressing when showering. Deb used it to sit on and lowered my shorts. She gave me a brief look over and smiled up at me with appreciation. She gently lifted my dick with her hands into my mouth and sucked in the head. She easily deep throated my whole unit and worked the tongue on the underside like an expert. I was quickly growing to full size. Once hard she slowly worked my cock in and out of her mouth, she did know her stuff. I was loving this. Her hands worked like a well oiled machine, one teasing my taint, the other the base of the shaft. The taint hand moved under my balls and lifted them gently like she was testing the freshness of a tomato.

"Oh David. You came about three or four hours ago, didn't you? Naughty boy, I hope you saved a good mouthful for me." Deb said before sucking me some more.

I was getting a little dizzy from all this and repositioned a little closer to Deb allowing my shorts to fall all the way down. Also, now I was close enough to be able to lean against the wall behind Deb for support. I placed my left hand on the wall to steady myself. Deb took my right hand and slid in into the neck of her shirt. I reached in and found her left breast. Small (by my standards) but surprisingly firm. The nipple was tiny but hard as a rock. Deb moaned when I gave it a squeeze. This pushed Deb into overdrive. Both hands and her mouth were now working me bringing me to the brink quickly. 

"I'm cumming!" I grunted.

Deb's hands went onto my hips and made me fuck her mouth until I came. When I did cum she held my head in her mouth to taste every last drop. With a mouthful of my load she pushed me back, spread her legs, pulled the crotch of her shorts to the side and started frigging away on her clit with her eyes closed. I watched in amazement as this woman went at it with reckless abandon. She opened her eyes and looked up at me.

"Move!" Deb insisted tilting her head to the shower side of the booth.

I waddled to the side with my shorts around my ankles while watching Deb. She was playing with my load in her mouth, flicking it around with her tongue when she let loose a satisfied moan. She also let loose a solid stream of juice from her pussy that almost hit the opposite wall. Deb collapsed into the stool and let her hands drop. I thought she passed out. I reached over and held her shoulder and she looked up at me.

Deb smiled, "I am ok, but when I cum like that it takes a lot out of me. I'll be fine in a minute."

Deb readjusted on the stool and fixed her clothing. She looked over at me still half hard.

"Did you want to go again? How about some pussy?" Deb asked.

I looked down and got the mental picture of me. I started getting myself together and asked, "I got to know something. How did you know I came a few hours ago?"

Deb stood up further adjusting her shorts and shirt. I have sucked a hell of a lot of dicks in my days. I noticed that balls get a spongy feel to them for about four hours after orgasms. I was right, wasn't I?"

I had to admit it, "Yes you were. By the way, thank you and you are excellent."

"Yeah, everyone says so. I love to do it. My husband loves to see how many guys I can get off in an hour or a night." Deb said casually.

"What! Husband? You're married?" I exclaimed.

Deb laughed. "Yes, I am married but we are swingers. We can both fuck who we want. You were nice to me so I wanted to give you a treat. It's no big deal. If you want we can go to my site and he'll tell you, probably beg you, to fuck me."

I thought about it for a few seconds and responded, "Look, I am not judging you or anything but I am not at all comfortable being locked in a bathroom with a married woman. Can we please go outside and talk?"

Deb smiled, "Sure."

We gathered our things after straightening up our clothing and went out to the washers.

Deb said, "I understand that you don't get the swinger lifestyle and that's okay. But if you want to come by tonight and see what we are all about you are quite welcome."

"I am not a prude. Last night ten women sucked my dick." I answered quite proudly. I hoped that this might actually impress Deb.

"Really! That is awesome. I need to insist that you come by tonight. I know you'll enjoy yourself. There will be several swinger couples, a few singles both men and women. No means no. That works both ways. If you make a move on someone and they say no, back off. But if someone comes onto you, you can say no as well. Oh, and its byob."

I considered this and said, "I think I will come by for a while but don't count on me participating. I really only enjoy larger ladies, just a preference of mine."

Deb's smile went from ear to ear, "You got it up awful quick for me."

I grinned sheepishly, "Well, I prefer to bang big girls but anyone could suck my dick and I wouldn't mind. Plus, you got serious oral game woman. I mean it, it was really excellent."

"I appreciate that, most people tell me so. Come by, there will be several women there right up you alley. Trust me." Deb said convincingly. 

"I promise to make an appearance but nothing more." I agreed.

"Good, eight o'clock. Be there. Site N-17. Just bring something to drink, everything else is supplied." Deb said as she turned and walked away.

I watched her as she left, she was almost skipping with joy. I checked my dryers and had another 15 minutes or so to go. I got out my phone again and made a note of the site and time. This might be a fun experience for me.

After the laundry was dry I felt pretty hungry. I brought everything back to the site and opened up the RV. I did a quick sort of the laundry folding everything but left them on the bed. I pulled on real shorts, a shirt, underwear and sneakers and headed to the park to get the burger I craved. In the park I went to the place I knew had the best burgers and ordered one up. I sat down at a picnic table alone and started eating. Halfway through I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned and saw a familiar face.

"David, right? You gave me your card the other day. Can I sit with you for a minute?" I was asked.

I swallowed the fries in my mouth and nodded. When my mouth was empty I said, "Uh sure, have a seat."

"Look, when I just saw you I really felt I owed you a better explanation. It wasn't fair to you to just leave a voice mail." She said.

Ding! Voice mail? Must be Nikki. Play it smart.

"It's Nikki, right?" I said to score points. "I understand that you're seeing someone and I would never get in the way of a current relationship. But I was, well still am, attracted to you and I would love to go out sometime but I will not see a woman who's taken. I hope you understand."

Nikki replied, "Very noble of you. Yes, I am kinda seeing someone but he is a low life cheating mother fucking scumbag. I am so done with him. He doesn't know it yet but when I get back home I am throwing his ass out of my place. I have been getting calls and texts from my girl friends at home telling me he's banging everything with two legs while I am out of town. He even hit on my best friend. Fuck him and his worthless tiny dick. No, I want a revenge bang. I want to fuck someone so when I tell him about it it hurts him as much as it hurt me."

"So, you just want a quick romp in the sack?" I asked.

Nikki grinned, "Well, hopefully not too quick."

"And then we part ways?"

Nikki agreed, "Yeah, something like that."

"When?"

"Now would be good but anytime before noon tomorrow if you have other plans." Nikki answered.

"Could I finish eating first?" I asked.

Nikki laughed, "Of course! I apologize for interrupting your meal. Eat. I'll wait for you."

I smiled and went back to the burger. In my mind I went over this turn of events. This woman wants a good bang. I just got fucked well by Ann early this morning and blown well by Deb about an hour ago. If I keep going at this pace I might need to invest in Viagra. While I ate I gave Nikki a look over. What caught my eye was an insane set of tits. Definitely D cup or better and they looked great, nice and full. She had a big belly but the bottom half of her looked out of place. It you looked at her from the waist up only she looked like she was over 300 lbs but waist down she looked like she was under 100. A tiny butt and skinny legs but everything else was up to my usual standards.

I finished my food and grabbed what was left of my soda. I stood in front of Nikki and extended my hand. "So, your place or mine?"

Nikki said, "I am here with my family and a few friends but they are all at the park for the day until closing. We can go to my tent."

I played my ace. I put on a sour face. "A tent? I have an air conditioned RV. How about we go there?"

Nikki's face lit up. "Really? Cool! I never was in one before."

We walked back to the site and I unlocked the doors. Nikki seemed honestly impressed. As I reached the door I was hit with the thought that I left something incriminating out. Unfortunately with Nikki right behind me it would be difficult to hide it. Nikki seemed honestly excited to see the inside of the RV. I opened the door and stepped inside ungraciously. Normally I would have held the door for the lady. One quick look around did not spot anything except my laundry spread out. OK, I'm a slob but not a pervert.

"Come in Nikki." I said even though she was right behind me.

Nikki looked around with her mouth open. "This is beautiful! You here alone?"

"Yes, have a seat up front and I'll tell you that story. Oh, sorry for the mess, I just did laundry and got hungry so I went for a burger." I explained. "Oh, where are my manners? Can I get you a drink? A snack while I'm making the place presentable?" 
