 Friday

I woke up in Tina's RV on my back pitching a tent. Tina came out of the bathroom seeing me awake immediately brightened up. She jumped onto the bed and kissed me deeply.

"Go pee. I will not take credit for a piss erection." Tina insisted.

I smiled and I got up to use the bathroom. I hadn't considered this but the bowl was significantly lower than usual. I took care aiming and completed the task. I went back out and found Tina sitting on the bed waiting for me.

"Lay down, nothing starts the day better than a blow job." Tina grinned.

"Ever hear of coffee?" I asked.

"You'd take coffee over head from me? I *am* insulted!" Tina quipped.

I lay down on my back and Tina repositioned herself between my legs. I rearranged pillows to prop up my head so I could watch her in action. Tina started off with her little hands working my rod. She knew her stuff. I was soon at full mast. Once erect her tongue teased my head, getting the whole thing wet but never inserting it. Then she licked the shaft soaking that as well. She worked both hands on my dick jerking me off like I never had done before. I would have preferred some lotion or oil on me but I suspected that Tina would be swallowing my cock at some point and didn't was to taste that stuff. Her skilled hands worked me well and I was ready to shoot in minutes.

"I am so close." I gasped.

Tina's mouth went onto my head while her hands never missed a stroke. I knew it was going to be big and it was. I arched my back involuntarily forcing my cock deeper into her mouth as I started to cum. Tina was a champ and sucked me dry swallowing every drop. When we were done she came up to lie at my side (fortunately not trying to kiss me, but I would have).

"Dam, that was great, thank you." I said happily.

"Glad you enjoyed it. I love doing that for you. You are naturally a generous person so I try to reciprocate as much as I can." Tina replied.

We lay together for several minutes chatting comfortably when I brought up the subject of us both living in New Jersey. We found out that we live about 30 minutes apart and exchanged personal information both plugging them into our cell phones. I noticed that I had a new text message. It said "I threw Frank out last night. Beginning new life today. Thank you again for everything. N"

FUCK! I forgot I gave Nikki my real cell number to text her with. Oh well, what can I do about it. 

Tina felt me tighten up when I read the message and realized my error. She asked, "Is everything OK?"

I had to explain. "Remember Nikki? I woman I brought to Debs Wednesday?"

"She has a big belly, nice tits and fucked damn near every guy in the place at least once?" Tina probed.

"That's the one. When she decided to toss her cheating boyfriend out last night. She's starting fresh." Then I showed Tina the message.

"Well good for her. Way to step up girl. Why is she texting you? Are you planning on getting with her again?" 

"Not likely, she lives in Harrisburg. A little too far for a relationship. Might be an occasional fuck buddy if either of us are in the neighborhood together. So, what can I do for to start off you day as great as mine did?" I asked.

"I am real happy right now. I love a mouthful of cum in the morning. Now I would like some coffee and something to eat, then a shower and I'll be a happy girl." Tina said.

"Well, I'd be happy to go out and get us some breakfast if you want to wait here. What are your thoughts on the matter?" I asked.

"I'd love to lay here naked in the air conditioning and wait to be served breakfast in bed by a handsome gentleman." Tina said in an awful southern accent flicking her eye brows at me.

"OK, I head out, get food and then find a good looking guy to serve you but I have to warn you, I didn't see too many good looking guys around here. You might have to lower you standards a few notches. For example, is a guy having at least half his teeth still in his head important to you?" I joked.

Tina gave a hearty laugh. I got up and dressed. I had a ten in the pocket of my pack which I grabbed.

"Regular coffee? What to eat?"

"Coffee, yes. I'll split a bagel with you again, I can't eat a whole one." Tina replied.

I kissed her and headed out to the camp store which made a decent cup of coffee. When I returned Tina was lying naked on the bed waiting to be served. I presented her with the food and we ate while reminiscing over the last day. 

After we finished eating I asked, "Join me in a shower?"

"Sure! Where? My place, your place or the camp showers?" Tina asked.

This required some thought. Both our RV's had tiny bathrooms not built for two (or even one and a half). "I think we should use the camp showers this time."

"Not my first choice but I agree with you. Honestly, I wasn't very comfortable standing on your toilet. I was afraid of falling." She explained.

"Oh, sorry. You seemed OK with it. You should have let me know." I felt bad about that now.

"Don't worry about it, I did enjoy myself. Let's get going. Today is a heavy hair maintenance day." Tina said excitedly.

She got up and pulled on a dress and flip flops. She got a towel out and had her shower stuff in a beach bag.

"We need to stop at my place to get my stuff but it's kind of on the way." I explained.

"I know, I've been there, remember?" Tina said.

We headed out. Our route took us past Howie's RV. I was never here in the daytime before. It was cleaned and organized well. Both RV's were closed. I imagined that the owners go to sleep late and wake up late. We arrived at my place and I quickly grabbed clean clothes, a towel and my shower tray. We headed off to the showers together. 

When we arrived we knew we were in trouble. There were lines by all the showers. Going to be difficult to sneak in together. We stood by waiting patiently as people came and went from the stalls. The children giving Tina long looks and parents whispering that it wasn't polite to stare. Tina didn't seem to mind, she smiled and waved at the kids.

So, we were next in line to the shower with only a young mother with her two kids behind us. I had a plan. I whispered it in Tina's ear and I got a quick nod. When the next shower opened up Tina went inside. I waited a moment and looked past the mother in alarm.

"Excuse me miss, is that your child that just fell by the road?" I asked acting slightly alarmed.

The mother quickly turned to see the issue and I ducked into the stall with Tina who was inside giggling like a school girl.

"That was great, good plan."

I locked the door and put my things down. Tina slipped out of her dress. I took it and hung it on the hook that was obviously not set low enough for Tina to use. I was naked soon after and we went to the wet side of the stall. I started up the water so we could get used to it. We got wet and I kneeled down to hold and kiss Tina.

"Wait a while David. Let me wash first please. It's a girly thing, I want to be clean." Tina said.

OK, weird situation for me. I stood up and took over pressing the water button. Every time I pressed it 20 seconds of water comes out. I kept pressing it so Tina had a steady stream to wash with. She took a long time washing her hair using different products. Then she washed her body pretty thoroughly. When she was done she stepped out of the way and I did my thing. I was drying off when Tina explained what it was.

"David, I don't know if it's a chick thing or all mine. I need time and basically privacy to clean up. You saw how long it took to do my hair. I was going to suggest that you go back to your place since I will be blowing out my hair for at least an hour." 

"I get it. I wish I had known beforehand so I could have been prepared." I said.

"Good, but I do want you to fuck me first." Tina said.

"What!" I exclaimed.

Tina threw her towel down on the floor. She stepped over to me and using her hands started playing with my cock bringing it back to life. She was using her mouth as well and soon I was fully aroused again. Tina lay down on the towel on her back spreading her legs.

"Wait, you want me in your pussy?" I asked.

"Hell yeah! That's what I cleaned up for. I pulled the plug before coming here. Shouldn't be too messy and if it is we just wash up. I need a couple of orgasms David. I got so worked up sucking so much dick last night but it was so frustrating for me. The toy last night isn't as satisfying as the real thing."

"But I don't have a condom." I explained.

"I trust that you're clean. I guarantee you that I am. And there is no way for me to get pregnant so go to it. Please David, I need you badly." Tina pleaded.

That's all it took. I kneeled down and gently entered Tina. She gasped with pleasure feeling me slide inside. I began slowly building up speed and pressure as Tina squirmed around under me. I think her first orgasm caught her completely by surprise. I kept the pace going as she reached up and twisted my nipples as I banged her. She had a few more orgasms before I had to stop. There wasn't good airflow in the shower stall, it was hot and humid and I was sweating like mad. It was like screwing inside a sauna. I stood up and started the shower again. For the first time I was glad that the water was only warm, not hot. I washed off the sweat and small amount of blood on my cock. Tina came over and hugged me for a moment. I held the water on as she rinsed off. We dried off and dressed in a comfortable silence. When we stepped outside there was a few curious looks from people waiting for the showers along with a few smiles.

I walked Tina back to her place. She opened it up and stood on the top step of the entrance. 

"Thank you David, I needed that." Tina said.

"Glad I could be there for you. You are on hair duty now, right?" I asked.

"Yes, it's going to take me at least an hour to get presentable again. Can I call or text you later?" Tina asked

"Sure, let me know what's good with you. I think I want to get my ass pounded later today if you're up for it." I said hoping she was.

Tina immediately brightened up. "Definitely! I need to get out my toys and make sure they are clean. I haven't had the opportunity to play in a while."

I leaned in and kissed her on the lips. "See you later short stuff."

"Hey, that wasn't very nice." Tina cried out as I walked away.

"I know, punish me later for it." I said over my shoulder. I knew that would please Tina.

When I got back to the RV I had a list of things to do. I wasn't sure of where to start. I made the bed and went back to couch mode. I straightened up the garbage from yesterday taking out the trash and recycling. I restocked the beer, water and sodas. Opened up the blinds, opened the windows and shut of the AC for a while to let the place air out. As I hung out my towel I looked again at the pile of wood at my site. I resigned to myself to light the fire up tonight come rain, shine or hell. I was happy that it hadn't rained and soaked the wood.

OK, the place was fine. I changed into clean clothes throwing the other stuff in the laundry bag. Brushed hair and teeth and I was ready for another day of fun. I checked the phones, no messages. Both were low so I plugged them in to charge. I left the drop phone hidden under a towel just in case of an unexpected visitor. I pulled out the laptop and started going through email cleaning up the junk seeing if anything important came in. One near the top caught my eye. It was from Ann. It said "I'm home safe and tired. Thank you for all the fun, I'll never forget it. BTW, I am now officially a goddess in the sorority thanks to you. Ann". That was cool. I told her not to expect a reply from me until next week.

It was almost lunch time and I prepared to head into the park to grab a bite when it dawned on me that Tammy said she was bringing something by. I know restaurant workers take their breaks at off times, I wondered when or if she would be by. I considered texting her but didn't want to risk her job over it. I thought about a nap with the phones by me and decided against it. A swim! That's what I need. I grabbed my suit and towel and headed over to the pool. I changed in the locker room there and found a lounge chair to sit on. The day was cooler than it had been so it wasn't very crowded. Lots of mom's with little ones. I didn't mind, lots of MILF's in bathing suits to view. I checked the phones one last time and went for a dip. I went to the deeper end to stay away from the young ones and all their squealing and splashing and did a few laps. Using the different muscle groups then the ones I've been using for the last few days felt good. I got out and went back to my chair. I lay out to air dry for a bit watching the moms chase their kids around. I picked out a few with assets that I'd enjoy and fantasized about all the fun things I'd like to do to them.

About then I got a text message from Tammy. It said she would be by in 30 minutes and bring lunch but not drinks. That's fine, I was well stocked. I doubt if she was going to be drinking beers on her lunch break. I had decisions to make. Shower here or in the RV to get the pools chlorine off of me. I opted for the privacy of my place. I got my things together and went back to the site.

I hung up that towel outside before going in. I left my bathing suit in the sink and stepped into the bathroom to wash off. I didn't care that all the windows were open and shades were up. It was the middle of the day and most of the campers were in the park enjoying themselves. I really enjoyed the shower. First it was as hot as I wanted it, not the set temperature in the camp shower. Second, the water stayed on for more than 20 seconds. I took what navy sub guys call, "a Hollywood shower". I guess I was in longer than I thought because when I opened the bathroom door Tammy was already peeking in windows calling my name. I quickly wrapped my dry towel around my waist and opened the door.

"Good, I hoped you were ok. I started thinking you didn't see my text." Tammy said as she bustled inside with packages with her.

Tammy picked up the bathing suit with two fingers like it was covered in dog shit. "Can I hang this outside?"

"Sure." That was my plan as soon as I got dressed.

Tammy was out and back inside in a flash. She closed the door, wrapped me up in a big hug, and then planted a big kiss on my lips.

When we separated Tammy said, "Good, you're all ready for me. Why didn't you set up the bed?"

I was at a loss for words. I was standing trying to hold up my towel not knowing what Tammy was expecting. She must have seen the confused look on my face. She grinned and gently moved me to the side so she could sit in the passenger's seat and undress.

"Look David, I came by to get laid while on my break. I brought you a few different things for lunch, you can eat later. Now I only have about 30 minutes to get it on, get cleaned up and get back to work so if you would mind let's move it along." Tammy said slowly like trying to explain rocket science to a five year old.

"I was expecting a leisurely lunch and some good conversation. You never said anything about this." I stammered on totally unprepared for this.

"You don't want to?" Tammy honestly looked hurt.

"I want to, just not prepared for it. You caught me by surprise is all." I said

Tammy smiled, "Relax, I'll take care of everything. Take off the towel and lay it on the floor. You lay on it. We have to stay low and quiet, no time to close windows and shades."

I lay down as instructed. Tammy threw off her shirt and bra. She stood quickly and threw her pants and underwear to the floor and then dropped to her knees. She crawled to me with a wicked smile on her face and went right to my dick with her mouth, teeth in. I was hard quickly but she refused to get into a 69 position so I could start her up too. She slid down on top of me easing my cock inside. I immediately got up on my elbows and said quietly, "Condom!"

Tammy reluctantly nodded and got off. I quickly stood and got one out of the cabinet. OK, storing them above the bed had been a good idea up till now but I was standing with an erection with open windows and shades. Anyone walking by would see me in all my glory. I quickly grabbed the box and ducked down again. I placed it on and Tammy eased down on me again. She rode me hard and fast and was soon orgasming. She always said the same thing which I found unusual although it was much quieter.

She continued to ride me through several more orgasms. I played with her boobs and belly as she did. I wasn't close to cumming but I didn't mind. It was a pleasure seeing this woman getting off regularly. After about fifteen minutes Tammy slowed down. She looked at me and asked, "I'm good, how about you?"

"I'm fine. Want to do something different?" I asked.

"What did you have in mind?" Tammy asked with an evil grin spreading across her face.

"Whatever you want." I was open for suggestions.

Tammy pondered for a few seconds. "Want to do me from behind?"

"Anal?" I said a little too excitedly.

Tammy looked at me and then frowned. "I would give it to you gladly, but there really isn't enough time for that David. I am sorry about that. What else can I do for you?"

"Let's do doggie. That usually does it for me." I said.

We repositioned quickly and I started banging her from behind. I was working away but soon realized that the slapping of my crotch into her ass while it felt great was overly loud. I slowed my pace and strength to quiet it down. Without the hard slam I wasn't going to get off. I guess Tammy realized that and pulled away.

"Get in the seat." I was told. 

I got my towel and laid it on the seat before sitting down. I really didn't want raw ass on the material. Tammy crawled over and pulled off the condom. She licked, sucked and worked my rod with both hands and her mouth like a champ. I still wasn't close to getting off but was enjoying the work being done. I glanced at the time and nudged Tammy. 

"It's getting late. You'd better get cleaned up." I said.

Tammy disengaged from my cock. "But what about you? I can't leave you like this."

"I'm fine. I don't always get off. No big deal. I'll get unloaded later on at Howie's." I said trying to let Tammy off the hook. I didn't want her to get into trouble with her job.

"Are you sure?" Tammy said acting very concerned.

"Relax. Get back to work. I'll probably see you at Howie's place later on."

Tammy seemed disappointed. She gathered up her clothes and started to dress. "I am sorry that I didn't get you off. I'll make sure you get off tonight."

"Please relax about it. Obviously I am not quick on the trigger. This kind of time pressure doesn't work for me." I explained.

Tammy was pulling on her clothes. I got up and started dressing as well.

"David, I got you a big chicken Cesar salad with double chicken in it the way I like it. Also a chicken parm and a mixed Italian sub. I didn't know what you liked. The chicken sub should still be warm." Tammy said.

"Wow, thank you. Very generous and very appreciated." I was floored.

"It's nothing, really. I should have asked what you wanted."

Tammy finished dressing, I had pulled on underwear only. Tammy gave me a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"Thanks for the good time but I am disappointed I couldn't get you off." She said.

"Really, I'm fine. I'll drop this load before I go to sleep tonight. Relax." I grinned.

"OK, I'll see you at Howie's later. Have fun!" Tammy said as she left.

I watched her walk towards the park lighting a cigarette as she happily walked away. I opened the bag of food and pulled out everything. The chicken parm was still very warm so I decided to eat that first. I grabbed a bottle of water, sat at the table and munched away. I have to admit, it was pretty good. I cleaned up and was deciding what to do next. Then my drop phone rang which surprised me.
