 With my husband over seas it is very lonely here on the base. My husband is a Captain in the Air Force. We met and married on a whirlwind engagement and wedding all in less then three months time. 

Six months later John's unit was sent to Korea to support the Army there. He commands a small Air Force unit near the DMZ. Because of the tensions there, he doesn't want me to go stay with him. Even if I did go over there, according to John, I would have to live down in Soul Which meant I would be alone all week and not know anyone. At least here, on the base. I have some friends and of course my family is nearby. In any case, I was not about to go live in another country that can explode at any moment.

Shirley and Peter are our, well my neighbors. They moved in the week that John left. Shirley is a lovely blonde and Peter is a very handsome, big, strapping, Blackman. I have been around the base all my life, and interracial couples were not new to me. So I've never thought anything of it. 

Here on base, we live in duplexes and because of that I hear my neighbors at night making love, and they are very loud. Shirley is a screamer and every time that they do it, it makes me think of sex and that Peter must never go soft. I have timed him many nights and he has gone for almost forty minutes time and time again. 

Now that has an effect on a hot blooded woman like myself; I always lay there and play with myself as I listen in on their wild love making. I admit it; I time my orgasms with Shirley and I fantasize that I am under Peter or on top of him riding his "fat cock" as Shirley is always yelling out. 

Now before I go on and confess my sins to the world, I should give you a little more background about myself. I was not a virgin when John and I met. I had been having sex with my boyfriends since I was a junior in high school. I was not a slut, I thought about this now for some time; I have had only five boyfriends between then and my wedding day. 

John was a great friend and fiancée; we waited until our wedding night to have sex because John wanted it that way. I know I did not want to wait and in a way I wish we hadn't. Don't get me wrong, I love John, it's embarrassing to admit it, but John is not the best lover that I have ever had. He tries, but when he comes home I plan to change him in that department.

So, because of that, I have masturbated almost every day before my wedding and then almost everyday since. Don't get me wrong I am not sex crazy, I mean yes I am sexual but I am not abnormal. I say that because when it comes to sex now, it is always in my head. I am always fantasizing as I masturbate at night in bed sometimes even before Peter and Shirley start in.

I would fantasize of Jimmy (my third boyfriend who was a very good lover.) We were together for two years before we broke up. Then when I found myself with another man that did not measure up in the sex department, I always, always reverted back to him and his love making in my mind. I even used him my wedding night for a little help. Oh who am I kidding if it wasn't for him I would have gone crazy that night with desire. 

Lately, for the past two weeks or so; it has not been Jimmy in my mind at night. It has been Shirley's husband, Peter. Some times at night I will lay there touching myself, thinking of him, waiting to listen in on them. That big strong man living next door to me has been turning me on now for seven months. To lie there and listen to him make love to Shirley over and over again sometimes four times a night just drives me crazy.

You know there are times that I think I can't get to sleep with out him between my legs (well at least in my mind anyway). There have been nights that I wish I had a way to listen to them more clearly, they talk a lot when they are in bed. I can hear them talking but not always make out the words. 

One night a few weeks ago, I was watching "Charmed" and when I saw Fibi carrying the baby monitor it gave me an idea. How I wish I could put one of them in their bedroom and listen in on their bed talk. 

I am trying to figure out why I am writing this, I guess the only reason I have is that I am bored. Funny thing about being bored, it allows me to sit around and watch TV, and go over my life thinking of all kinds of different things. Daydreaming and fantasizing of a different time and a different life. One where I'm not alone all day with nothing but time on my hands. . Peter and Shirley have a four year old and today she asked me if I would baby-sit while they go to the "O" club for a few hours. I had nothing to do so, why not, besides I have wanted to look around their place. I have to admit it; I am a snoop; I have always been one and I can never resist a chance to, you know, look around. Never knowing what I will come across; I never take anything, like I said; I am just snoopy, nosey and curious.

I have to be there at eight tonight, so what I think I'll do is stop here and finish this later tomorrow; it will give me something to do during the day. Now I have a purpose; I will just write down all these things I think about. I won't call it a diary, maybe someone would. I have no idea where this is going to go, and, who knows, if it becomes interesting I may show it to John when he gets back so he will know just how bored I was while he was out playing with the Army. Maybe, if I put down my feelings, he may understand me better. 

You know, thinking of this right now, maybe that will not be a good idea; after all, I can't show him anything about how he has not sexually pleased me and that I have had to masturbate all the time. I sure as hell can't tell him that he has never made me climax now can I?

I know I can't tell him that I think of my old boyfriends or my hunk of a neighbor next door. I can't tell him how I think of his black cock fucking me, or sucking Jimmy's cock, as he would eat me while he finger fucked me at the same time. 

Gee after going back over this and reading what I wrote, I wonder why I think the way that I do. Am I sick? Am I a sex fiend? Is being horny all the time making me this way?

I think I'll run over to the PX and see if they have something. I know this sounds bad, but I can't help but wonder if I can pick up a baby monitor and maybe hide it in their bedroom. I remember wishing that when I was in college, well not the baby thing, I just wanted to listen in on one of my roommates. She was a very busy girl at UCLA. Like Shirley she was a screamer and it seemed as though she wanted the whole world to know when she was coming. Shirley sure reminded me of her.

Wow, do I have a lot to put down today! Yesterday, after I stopped writing, I went to the PX and found a baby monitor; it only cost sixteen dollars. It is small and I felt real sneaky knowing what I wanted to do with it. I put the listening part in my purse and scolded myself for being so nosey and sick. I called myself a pervert for wanting to listen in on Peter & Shirley's most private moments. Yet the other side of my brain was excited about doing just that.

I went next door at 7:45 p.m. I am twenty-six but it has been years since I last babysat. I was glad their son was four. I remembered that when kids his age are awake they normally mind and when they go to sleep, unless they are sick, they sleep all night so I felt relaxed about doing this for them. 

I don't know why I dressed up. I mean I normally wear sweats pants all day with a cut off tank top. I decided to be more lady like when I went over. I spent a lot of time on my hair as well as picking the right skirt and blouse. Nothing fancy, what I choose was functional and it made me feel good to dress up even this little bit.

Shirley answered the door and invited me in; she was dressed to kill in a short, tight, black skirt, black mesh-net stockings, and a frilly pale blue top that only had one button around her navel. She didn't have on a bra and she showed lots of skin. I just knew that if she moved too quickly in the wrong direction, one or maybe both of her boobs would give off a free show. Her hair was perfect and I told her she looked like a knock out.

Shirley told me they were having dinner with the Battalion Commander and his wife. The last time they did, his wife dressed sexy while she did not; this time she was going to be "dressed to kill," as she said.

Peter walked in dressed in his blues and when he saw me he whistled, Shirley said "put your eyes back in your sockets big boy you look like you could eat her." 

He laughed and said, "Oh if that were only possible" Shirley hit his arm and said "Get your mind out of the gutter; Linda will think you're a pervert. Never mind him honey, he's always this way. Tommy is in bed asleep and he'll stay there all night. Do you like red wine, Linda?" 

I smiled as I followed her into the living room and said, "Sure, but I don't drink much."

Shirley said, "Well if you want, help yourself to the Lambruso in the fridge; we keep it on hand. You'll see one is open and the other three are there for back up. Please feel free to have a glass or three. We'll be back around 10 or so. There are DVD's in the cabinet under the TV and we have all the cable channels and I mean all of them, watch what ever you want if you want to watch the adult channels the code is 33333." 

Peter standing at the door said, "Come on hon, we'll be late!" 

Shirley said as she walked out, "If you need to call us we'll be at the O-club with Colonel Miller. If I'm lucky, Pete will take me dancing, bye for now." 

I said "good-bye" and they left.

I walked to the kitchen, grabbed a wine glass, and poured myself some Lambruso. It has always been one of my favorites. 

I walked around the house comparing their place to mine. We have the same lay out only in reverse. I don't understand why they didn't put the kitchens back to back instead of the master baths and bedrooms. 

Who ever designed these for the government had their heads screwed on backwards. I opened my purse and took out the little baby monitor. I held it in my hand as I walked into their bedroom. 

They have a huge king size bed with post and a canopy above it, a matching dresser and chest of drawers. They have matching nightstands. One side was a phone and alarm clock radio, the other side a picture of their son and a back massager sitting on it. 

I looked all around the room and I could not see any place to put my monitor so it would be out of site. I thought about under the bed and while the bed was nice and high I could not see anyplace on the floor. The bed was so high it would be seen. 

I laid down on the floor and looked up under the bed. I saw a place in the corner that would work perfect. I knew I needed to fasten it with something so I quickly ran home and grabbed John's duck tape. Going back, I used it to fasten the monitor to the corner so that it wouldn't fall.

I turned it on and decided to try it. I turned on the radio on their nightstand and went back next door to my own bedroom. I turned on the monitor set and bingo! I heard the music loud and clear. I should not have been so excited; after all I was doing something so wrong and maybe even criminal. I turned off the set and went back over to their place. 

I wanted to snoop, so I began to look everywhere; first in their bedroom then the living room. I found a picture album in the nightstand that was under the clock radio. And in the second drawer, I found a collection of porn DVD's. I counted fifteen and they all seemed to be the same theme, Gangbangs, anal sex, and dildo sex between girls. 

I looked in the top drawer and in it I found three rubber dildo's, one was pinkish, one was green and the other was black. I picked them up, one at a time and smelled them. I couldn't detect any odor coming from them.

In the second drawer I found other sex toys and a tube of K-Y Jelly. I kept looking around and I found Shirley's side of the dresser; she has such lovely sexy things to wear. We are the same size but I was not ready to try anything on. I never saw any crotchless panties in my life; I had heard of them, but now to pick them up and hold them. Shirley had a drawer full of them and not one regular pair of panties that I could find. 

From what I saw, I guess she doesn't wear them; I mean the regular panties. One thing's for sure Shirley loved sexy things. Oh I do too, but I don't have anything like she does. I have to admit it finding all of these things did cause a reaction in me. I was excited to find all of these sex things. In College I had watched a few porn videos but they were tame compared to what I had found. 

I snooped around a good long time and figured I had better look in on Tommy. I did and he was fast asleep. Going into the living room I decided to watch a DVD that was in the drawer under the TV. I opened it and it was full of DVD's there had to be maybe one hundred of them and flipping thru them I saw that they were all porn. I had never seen any porn DVD in my life I had only seen videotapes, yet here, in their house they must have every porn DVD made. 

The titles and pictures left nothing to imagine. It took me the longest time to go through them all looking at the covers and reading each and every thing about the movie and in some cases two or three movies on one DVD. I finely picked out one; it had a good-looking black man on it and a blond kneeling in front of him sucking his dick. 

It was called "Blacks on Blondes" the man looked like he had a horse dick. I have never been with a black man. I just never had the opportunity in my past. I'm sure that if a black man had asked me out I would have gone on a date as long as I wasn't seeing someone. 

I had heard rumors about them but I had never ever been with one or seen one. I had to see if what I had heard was true or not. After listening for months to Shirley I was pretty convinced that they were different. 

I laid on the couch and watched it. The things I saw were mind-boggling. I mean the size of the cocks in the movie, the girls that laid there and took the whole thing up inside of them. I was rubbing myself from start to finish. I came so many times I lost track. (I wasn't really trying to keep count. About half way through the movie I had all I could take; I had to try one of Shirley's rubber cocks. I put the DVD on pause and went to the bedroom, picked her big black rubber cock. I started to get some of her K-Y, but I knew that I was so wet I would not need it. 

The size of it made me wonder if I could actually use it. I mean the men in the movie were as big as the rubber dick, but I had never experienced anything like what I had been watching.

I made another check on Tommy and he was still asleep. I went back to the living room pulled my panties off sticking them into my purse. I had a quick thought to try on a pair of Shirley's crotchless ones. I knew she had a drawer full I was almost sure she would not miss them. Like I said I do not steal, so it was nothing more than a passing thought. I thought, I could get away with using them to see how they felt, but I also put that out of my mind. 

To be honest I did not want to waist the time to go back to the bedroom. I hit the play and laid back on the leather couch. I put my left foot on the floor and bending my right knee I was ready to try and insert the big rubber cock. 

I placed the end at my opening and with my right hand I held it tight against myself as I began rubbing my clit again with my left. I focused on the TV watching the action taking place and the black cock going in and out of the woman lying on a couch similar to the way I was laying. I wish I had a man licking and suckling on my nipples as she did. I watched as another man stood next to the couch and leaning forward offered his dick up to her mouth.

She grabbed at it and pulling herself to him as well as his cock to her, she began sucking it. The man fucking her was moving nice and slow at a steady speed. I watched as his cock went completely inside of her and his groin tight against hers. 

I felt the cock I was holding easing into me. I began to make short movements with it and I felt my opening stretch to take the intruder. I guess that is not the right word; I should have said "a most welcome intruder." 

God the way my pussy felt being filled by this monster cock. There was no pain, it was a new feeling, it felt like I was being stuffed, and my mind liked it, my body liked it. I wanted to feel more of it and I kept pushing at it to drive it deeper inside, I wanted to see if I could take this the way that she was taking the big cock in the porn movie. 

In the past, when I had watched the few porn movies I had seen, I never saw one with this kind of action, so close up, so nasty, and so hot. I don't think the women in the movie were acting, Oh I know they could have been but their eyes, breathing, the way they were fucking back and moaning. If they were acting they should get an academy award. 

Once I had the cock about one quarter in with my wetness, it became very easy and I began to move it deeper. I pushed it as far as I could and it was just a little more than half in me. I must have hit my cervix or something. I was going nuts fucking myself like this. 

I found that the more I pushed it in there was a giving inside of me. I was thrusting it in and out and with each push back inside, I pushed it harder, trying to get more of it. I could feel it up, inside, it didn't hurt, it felt different, and it felt good. 

For a while, I had stopped rubbing my clit and I used my left hand to work on my nipples. I stimulated them, and then moved back to my clit. The man fucking the girl pulled back and told everyone that he wanted her ass, she giggled and told them she wanted it too.

I watched as I lay there with my skirt bunched up around my waist and my right arm moving pulling that lovely cock in and out of myself. I watched as she turned and knelt over the back of the couch and the man got behind her. He aimed his dick at her asshole and eased in. the man she had been sucking moved around behind the couch and reinserted himself into her mouth.

I watched as the big cock slowly slid inside of her. I saw that she had one hand under her and she was rubbing her clit area hard and fast. As the cock disappeared, I felt my head get light and I felt an orgasm hit me like no other. I had not managed to push the whole fat rubber cock into myself. I have no idea just how much I had inside. I do know that my whole body seemed to throb around that cock.

My whole torso shook; I closed my eyes and cherished the feeling as I pushed hard on the cock to get every inch possible inside of me while the feeling raced through my body. When I finished, my climax I just laid there holding the cock. I opened my eyes to see that the scene had changed.

Now there was a man on his back lying on the floor, the girl was straddling him with his big cock in her pussy. The man that was fucking her ass was still fucking it only now she had the man she was sucking standing in front of her and she had his cock in her moth again. 

I never knew three men could do one woman, this was sick; this was one sick bitch; this woman was nothing more than a skank. And God forgive me, I wished so bad I was there in the movie with the men and she was lying here watching me.

I know, I know that is sick, but in a fantasy we can do anything. I laid there just watching almost not believing my own eyes as I watched the sex going on. As I laid there just slowly moving the cock inside of me I looked down to see just how much I had managed to get inside. 

The cock had a flat base with a set of balls like a man has. I had been holding the base with my hand and I was shocked to see that only about two maybe three inches were not inside of me. 

I laid there and realized that the girl in the movie not only took the man's cock in her pussy, but also into her asshole. I have never experienced anal sex in my life. A few boyfriends tried to get me to try it, but I never thought it would feel good. From what I was seeing this girl not only liked it, she fucking loved it. Several men fucked her in her ass. I felt drained and knew no matter what I did I would not be able to climax again.
