 Sara and I had been married about five years. We were deeply in love (although I've always been a bit mystified about what she sees in me). Our sex life was regular, vigorous, and enjoyable. However, we were both a looking for the next peak.

We were both in our early thirties. Sara was, in my opinion, gorgeous. She had rich red hair (complimented by a neatly trimmed red bush). Her face had a few freckles and, while perhaps not classically beautiful, had character, humor, and intelligence. She was a bit tall for a lady, at just under six feet and perhaps too muscular for a purist. Sara had been a swimmer in college and still worked out regularly. She had largish, very firm breasts and, in my opinion, a perfect ass. Apart from her intelligence and personality, Sara's greatest characteristics were a slightly low, incredibly sexy voice and a killer smile.

Sara is an architect. I had met her because I am a trial lawyer who handles a lot of construction cases. We had met on a case and there was an immediate attraction both ways. We discovered that we shared a several common interests. The relationship deepened and we got married about 18 months after we met. That was is one indisputably wise decision which I've made in my life.

There's not as much to say to describe me. I am about Sara's height. At the time, I was still lifting and, at Sara's insistence, swimming. I looked a lot like what I had been in college: a rugger.

As I said, our sex life was very good. However, both Sara and I were looking for new thrills. Not just anything, but things which we both find sexually exciting without feeling threatened or unsafe. There was also a reputational concern. Sara was building a reputation for designing innovative institutional and commercial buildings all over the Midwest. I was also involved in local politics.

Perhaps from all that time in front of crowds wearing skin tight racing suits, Sara had an exhibitionist streak. I admired that and shared it. Several times, Sara would leave home in the morning of a day when she had told me she had to inspect a jobsite wearing a short skirt or dress. I know that on at least a few of those occasions, she wore nothing underneath.

We both enjoyed nude beaches and resorts, and belonged to a resort in the country about 50 miles from home. However, wonderful as social nudity is, it isn't sexual. We were looking for something that would provide a more direct sexual thrill. BDSM didn't appeal to either of us.

Sara called me into her study one evening. She was on her computer and wanted me to look at a website she had found about a club in Toronto. The stated purpose of the club was to "provide a safe, comfortable, and clothing-optional environment for sexually uninhibited couples and single females." The "virtual tour" made the facilities look very attractive, clean, and high-end. The pricing was such that it suggested a clientele we would be comfortable among. The website assured us that sex in private clubs between consenting adults had been ruled legal by the Supreme Court of Canada (I admire that Charter of Rights and Freedoms). A doctor's certificate of a recent negative test for STDs was required to join. Following the link to the city map showed that it was in a decent part of the City. Toronto was not a long flight from our town.

Sara looked up at me. "Interested in trying it? I have some hesitation, but it could be quite nice. If we chicken out, we can just play tourist. I've never been to Toronto."

I had been to Toronto several times and love it. However, I was completely ignorant that places like this club existed. 

"What weekends are you free?" I asked Sara. She gave me her schedule and I went to my own computer. I was able to find a tolerable non-stop airfare for a weekend a month off, perhaps because it was still spring and not yet high tourist season. I got us a flight leaving late morning and arriving at Pearson in early afternoon with a return on Sunday evening. I was also able to get a decent room at my personal favorite Downtown hotel, the Royal York.

I reported my work back to Sara. "Why go up so early Friday," she asked. "Why not fly up Friday night and go to the Club Saturday night?"

"What if we like the place and want a second visit?" I responded. "This way we can go Friday and go back Saturday if we like it. If not, we get a nice dinner and drinks in Toronto on Saturday night."

Sara laughed. "Good planning."

We joked and teased each other about our impending trip to the "sex club" in Canada. However, as the departure date drew closer, our jokes took on a nervous edge. While we liked to think of ourselves as uninhibited, making our choices based only on what we thought pleasurable, this trip raised the definite possibility of sex in front of complete strangers or sex with complete strangers. New territory for us.

That Thursday night, we each packed a small bag and then feel asleep, naked, in each other's arms. Friday morning, I had largely adopted an "in for a penny, in for a pound" attitude. Sara was, however, visibly nervous. I asked her if she still wanted to do this, which produced an almost fierce "yes."

The flight was uneventful. While I'm sure that there is a more economical way to get Downtown from Pearson than a cab, I didn't know it and thought that Sara would be more comfortable in a cab than mass transit. We had checked in by 3:00 p.m. and then spent a couple hours just walking around. It was a gorgeous warm spring afternoon. We walked under the Gardner, past Air Canada Centre, and along the waterfront. I promised to take Sara up the CN Tower on Saturday. Of course, we were just killing time.

About 5:30 p.m., we had an early dinner at a seafood restaurant Downtown that I had liked on my earlier visits and that was still in business. We were back in the hotel in about an hour.

We them launched into what was probably a very overdone set of preparations. We carefully trimmed each other's public hair. I showered and shave quickly to leave the bathroom clear for Sara. Thinking that conservative equated to non-threatening. I dressed in khaki slacks, a white button-down, shirt, and dark blue sport coat.

Sara finally emerged from the bathroom looking stunning. Her dark red hair was done wonderfully (how she managed that look on her own without a salon eluded me). She wasn't wearing, but didn't need any make-up. She wore a long, very tight silky black dress. The tightness of the dress and its low V in front made it obvious that Sara wasn't wearing a bra. However, the outline of a pair of panties was clearly visible.

Following my glance, Sara explained "I want something to that is in between having the dress on and complete nudity." That made sense to me.

Around 8:30, we stepped outside the hotel and got a cab. I thought that the driver shot me a look when I gave him the address of the club, but maybe I was being paranoid. After a few minutes, our cab stopped in front of an elegant building. From outside, it looked a bit like the façade of some of those exclusive clubs for the men of the ruling class in London. I checked the address. We were in the right place, confirmed by a discrete sign I finally noticed.

I paid the cabbie. He pleasantly said, "You should be able to get a cab back to your hotel from here any time." He handed me a business card. "If not, call and I'll get you or get another driver to pick you up. I hope that you enjoy yourselves."

As the cab drove off we stood on the sidewalk. Sara was clutching my hand, hard. "Dear, we can still forget about this, go up to Yorkville or somewhere, have a few drinks, and play tourist tomorrow," I offered.

Sara took a deep breath. "No, this was my idea and I really want to do it. I'm just, well, a bit scared."

"I'll be right with you and no one can make up do anything which we don't both agree to," I said. Sara smiled and we went up the steps.

The inside was as elegant as the façade. An attractive young lady was sitting behind a desk. "Welcome to Club ____," she said. "Have you been here before?"

I let Sara take the lead. "No."

"You know what Club ____ is about?"

"We've seen your website. That's why we're here," Sara confessed.

"Great," the young lady replied. "Occasionally someone wanders in by accident, but you have an idea of what to expect. You'll not be disappointed."

The young lady reached into a drawer and pulled out a form. "This is our membership agreement. You're welcome to read it, of course. Basically, it says that you are here voluntarily, that anything you do here is voluntary, and that you can't hold us responsible for any consequences. You are also promising that you don't have any STDS. Do you bring doctor's certificates?"

Sara pulled the forms from our doctor out of her bag. The doctor had only slightly raised an eyebrow when we asked for the tests and certificates. We had been pretty candid with her in the past about the sexual adventures we were considering. I suspected that she was, or wanted to be, slightly kinky herself.

The young lady glanced at our forms and said, "These will be fine. I know it is easy to lie about this, but, to our knowledge, no one has gotten an STD here and we've been open about five years."

We signed the membership agreement and showed our passports. "This is the only time you must reveal your identity while you are in the Club," she said. "What you disclose about yourself inside is entirely up to you. May I have a credit card?"

I handed the lady an Amex. She explained "We have three bars and a restaurant inside. We recognize that there may be times when you want a drink and will not have your wallet handy." She smiled and handed me a small plastic card on an elastic band. "Everything inside may be charged to that card. Charges and your dues will appear on your statement as 'Toronto Enterprises, Ltd.'"

Sara exhaled again. The young lady continued. "Now, a few grounds rules. Clothing is optional everywhere in the Club except the restaurant where we ask that you remain dressed. Most people stay fully clothed on the first floor. You will see quite a mix on the second floor, but probably mostly underwear. While we don't demand it, we'd prefer that you be nude or nearly nude on the third floor."

The young lady continued. "Everything that happens here is completely consensual. If someone tries to join in with you without your consent, we suggest that you politely ask them to desist. If that does not work or if you think that someone is stalking you in the Club, please report that person to the staff. There are staff members on every floor at all times. They'll be wearing polo shirts with our Club logo. Likewise, please don't inject yourself into anyone else's activity unless they have asked you or given you consent. Finally, please don't ask any staff member to participate in any sexual activity. No matter how much we might want to, it simply isn't allowed." With that, she smiled broadly. She was good. She really gave the hint that she might like to have sex with you.

We walked through the second door and turned right into a very pleasant and well-lit bar. Sara took a seat at a high table while I went to the bar and got us each a glass of wine. We had no idea what would happen, but we wanted to be sober for it. Still, a wine or two would lessen the nerves.

Walking back to the table, I was struck by how beautiful and sexy Sara looked despite her anxiety. We sipped our wines and mainly looked around, wondering what to do next. After what seemed like a long time, but was probably only a few minutes, a couple about our ages walked up to our table.

"May we join you?" the man asked. He was dressed in slacks and a polo shirt. He had a likeable face and appeared very fit, but slender like a cyclist. The lady with him was shorter and more petite than Sara, but her short dress suggested a splendid figure. The immediately striking thing was the face framed by her brown hair. Excluding Sara, I had never before seen such a beautiful face.

The voice that emanated from the face was also beautiful. "Is this your first time here?" she asked.

Sara and I nodded affirmatively. The man, who projected an air of confidence, said "We thought so. This is our first time as well. Are you from Toronto?

"No," I answered.

The lady said, "We are. We thought hard about coming here, but we wanted to try something different and, if you do run into someone who knows you, they can hardly tell anyone without admitting that there were here too, can they?"

Sara smiled. "Good logic."

The man extended his hand to shake. "Pleased to meet you."

I extended my hand. "Pleased to meet you. I'm Harry and this is Sara."

The man smiled. "First newby mistake. You gave us your real names."

"How do you know that?" I asked.

The man smiled again, "Oh, I'm a trial lawyer. It's my job to know when people are telling the truth or not."

I laughed. "Well, you were right."

The man was still smiling. "Since you've given us your real names, I'll reciprocate. I'm Derek. This is Christina." Looking at me, Derek asked, "And what do you do?"

"I'm a trial lawyer also, down in the States."

"Well, I knew that you weren't Canadian because you mispronounce things." Derek was smiling as he said that.

We talked for quite a while, sharing more information than was probably wise. There was just something about Derek and Christina that made you like them and trust them.

Derek and Christina were not married, but had recently become engaged. When Christina told us that she was a psychologist, Sara chimed in, "Well, married to a trial lawyer, you'll have a live-in case study." Christina thought that was funny. Derek and I were less amused.

I had grown very comfortable with Derek and Christina and I sensed that Sara had too. Finally, Derek looked at Christina and said, "Ready to go upstairs?" Christina nodded. Derek looked at us, "You're coming too, I hope."

Christina quickly said, "Please do. It will be better with someone we know." Then she remembered that we had only known each other for about a half hour. She giggled and said, "You know what I mean."

I looked at Sara. "Ready to go upstairs?" I asked.

Sara looked more relaxed. She smiled. "That's what we came for isn't it?"

We walked up a set of wooden steps. At the top was a young lady on the Club staff. She smiled pleasantly and gestured at a wooden door to our right. "The lockers are in there."

Derek turned to us. "We might as well get some of this off."

The locker room was also elegant, with solid wood doors on the lockers that had brass disks bearing the locker numbers mounted on them. We found two side-by-side that still had keys in them.

Christina already had her dress off and was standing in bra and panties when Sara removed her dress. "Going topless already?" Christina asked.

Sara replied, "Well, I didn't wear a bra so I really have no choice."

Christina smiled. "Well, I can hardly force you to do that by yourself, can I" and took her bra off. Christina's breasts were smaller, but firm and perfectly shaped. She really was a beautiful lady.

I had removed my outer clothes. Derek said, "Under wear for the time being, right?"

I nodded. Derek was wearing a very form fitting pair of black briefs, like Speedos only more sheer. I had stupidly worn boxers. At least they were a dark color.

We walked out of the locker room and down the hall. There were several rooms on each side with open doors. The rooms were nicely appointed with large bed-like furniture that appeared to have vinyl upholstery. A few rooms had people sitting in them partially dressed. Mainly, they were talking.

At the end of the hall was another bar. Not sure what else to do, the four of us walked in. It was reasonably crowded. Most everyone was in their underwear, although it seemed that Christina and Sara were the only ladies topless. Derek and Christina had another drink. Sara and I had sparkling water.

Finally, Derek, looking slightly less sure of himself, said, "Ready to go on upstairs?"

The rest of us nodded and we walked back down the hallway, around a corner and down another short hall to the steps to the third floor. Derek said. "They said nearly nude is acceptable up there. I think we qualify, don't you?"

Sara said, "Wait." She took my hand and led me back down the hall. I followed Sara into the locker room again. She took the key off of her wrist and opened our locker. "Damn it," she said. "I don't know if I can go all-in, but I'm at least going up there naked." She slipped her panties off and tossed them in the locker. Wordlessly, I slipped and boxers off and tossed them in after Sara's panties.

It may have been an odd reaction, but, at that moment, I was incredibly proud of Sara. I looked at her. She always looked best naked, but she looked absolutely wonderful at that moment.

Naked we walked to the locker room door. Just as Sara was about to open it, it was pushed open by a couple in a tux and an evening gown. Seeing us in their way, the man said, quite pleasantly, "Going all in, I see."

The lady said, "We'll be there with you as soon as we get these things off." The couple stood aside and let us out into the hall.

Naked, we walked back to where Derek and Christina were standing at the foot of the stairs. Derek said, "I'd wish you told us that you were stripping down. Just a minute." Derek took Christina's hand and they walked back down the hall.

Derek and Christina were back quickly, naked. Derek did have a cyclist's body, although he was quite well-endowed. Of course, I've no idea how his dick compared to that of a real cyclist. Christina was, well, a vision. She was petite, but perfectly formed and in perfect proportion. Like Sara, Christina was beautiful clothed but much, much more beautiful nude.

Derek led up the steps followed by Christina and the Sara. At the back, I could look up upon the two most perfectly formed female asses I have ever seen or imagined.

The lighting on the third floor was much lower. There were several rooms with open doors. There were several people, mostly wearing panties or briefs, standing around the perimeter of the first room we walked into. On the "bed" in the center were two couples. The man of one couple was biting one of his partner's nipples. The lady of the other couple was giving her partner a blowjob. 

We stayed watching the two couples until they progressed to straight on penis-in-vagina intercourse. There was something a bit sordid about watching complete strangers have live sex right in front of you. There was also something erotic about being naked and watching it. I felt a soft hand grasp my dick for a moment. I assumed it was Sara, but I don't know.

Derek led us out and down the hall to another room which was empty. "This should serve," he said. We walked in. I glanced at Sara and nodded. She walked up to Derek, put her arms around his waist, pulled him to her, and kissed him.

Christina stepped right in front of me. Softly, she said "I've wanted to fuck you since I saw you in the hall naked."

Truthfully, so I thought at the moment, I replied "I've wanted to fuck you since we met downstairs."

Christina giggled that marvelous giggle of hers. Then she reached out and began stroking my dick. I reached forward and began fingering her. She was already wet. I put my arms around her and backed her towards the bed, letting her gently down on her back. Christina looked up at me and said, "Please?"

I climbed between Christina's legs and slowly slid my dick into her. Starting a slow motion, I supported myself on my forearms and started nibbling Christina's neck. Christina felt wonderful. With my eyes closed, I would have thought I was fucking Sara; Christina had the same sensitivity and muscle control. However, I kept my eyes open and focused on her face. In another similarity to Sara, Christina's facial expression became very special when she was having sex.
