 The two couples have been friends for several years. They had become very close friends. Carl and his wife Arie had never strayed from their marriage partner and their sex life was nothing to get upset about. On the other hand Benji and Asia were the type who just might have explored other possibilities in the past. That was the feeling Carl and Arie had about them but it never got in the way of their friendship.

Both couples enjoyed each others company and at times spent a lot of time at each others house playing cards and such. There was constant joking and kidding with the sexual connotations attached.

Carl finally made up his mind about going beyond the jokes and talk. He decided to try and convince Arie to go along with him on his plan. This was not going to be easy but what the heck; it was worth a try. There would be some details of his plan not shared with Arie because Carl was convinced she might not go along with it. If his plan worked out, she might get caught up in the emotions of the situation and go way beyond Carl's imagination.

Carl thought he would get Arie to wear one of her somewhat see-through blouses and a pair of tight jeans when Benji and Asia came over Saturday night. Arie was not one to show off or give anyone a free shot of her magnificent body. Convincing her to wear the blouse was one thing but without a bra would be almost impossible. When Arie wore it bra-less for Carl it was a real turn on and sure to drive any man crazy. 

The invitation was given for Benji and Asia to come over for a night of game playing and the task of getting Arie to "play" along was now at hand. 

Carl asked Arie if she would do something out of the ordinary for him tonight when Benji and Asia came over. With a suspicious look in her eye she hesitantly inquired what he expected of her. 

"Well" Carl said, "I thought you could wear this tonight when Benji and Asia came over" holding the special blouse up.

"You've got to be kidding!" Arie said. "There is no way I will wear something without a bra in front of anyone but you."

"Aw come on, I have always wanted to see the look on his face if you came out wearing something like that. His jaw would hit the floor and I would love to see him wanting you knowing he couldn't have you. It would be pure torture on him." Then Carl asked her "wouldn't you enjoy that too?"

Arie emphatically replied she would not do it.

Carl gave up on his plan of making Benji sweat and pant like a dog at the sight of his beautiful wife.

The doorbell rang and Carl yelled out to Arie he would get it because he knew it was his friends arriving for the evening of the usual card games. Somewhat disappointed about his failure to get Arie to go along with his plan he shuffled toward the front door to let them in. Arie called back to Carl to hold up she wanted to greet their arrival.

Carl was stopped in his tracks when Arie came down the hall from their bedroom wearing those tight jeans and the see-through blouse. He could not believe his eyes. It wasn't Benji's jaw that hit the floor but his. Carl never knew he could get an erection so fast as the one he had now. As she walked past him he noticed she had not completely fulfilled he request, instead of being bra-less she was wearing a lacy push-up bra underneath the blouse which was better than showing it all.

Ari got to the door and Carl wished he owned a camera because he knew the look on Benji's face was going to be one to remember. The door was opened and the look not only on his face was incredible but Asia had a look on her face as though she had been set up some how. She knew Arie was an attractive woman but tonight she was bordering on temptress.

Although Asia was also an attractive woman, she was not nearly as curvaceous as Arie. Asia soon got over her shock but Carl knew Benji would never be the same again. 

The appearance of his face seemed to change completely. It was as though his mouth was watering but he could not swallow. It took a long while for Benji to get his eyes off Arie's breast. This was a major turn on for Carl.

Carl was enjoying this as much as he had enjoyed anything for a long time. His erection had not gone down and he knew Benji was in the same condition as he was. Carl thought to himself "if I don't get some relief soon this thing is going to explode." A quick glance at Benji confirmed Carl's thoughts; he too had a major bulge in his Levi's.

Carl never thought his plan would be as exciting as it was turning out to be. The original purpose was to merely have his wife's appearance tease Benji out of his mind. At this point of the evening though, it had turned out to be a tremendous turn on for Carl too. He had no idea what was going on inside Arie's head, but his head was spinning. He could just imagine the erotic ideas Benji was thinking. 

Carl was ready for the evening to be over so he could make passionate love to his wife but the games had not even started yet. 

Everyone gathered around the kitchen table for some snacks and small talk. The usual comments and compliments were passed around between the two couples. There was particular emphasis on how great Arie looked this evening by Benji. Carl was absolutely eating this up because he knew Benji was being tortured by the way he kept admiring Arie.

The time had come to begin playing cards so everyone went into the den where the card table was set up. Each one took a seat opposite their partner then Arie excused herself to the main bathroom. After she had left the room Benji immediately asked Carl what was up with Arie,

"What do you mean, what's up with her?" Asked Carl.

Benji fired back. "You know what I mean. She has never worn anything like that before. You are always bragging about how she dresses up for you, but I never thought I would see the day when she dolled up with me around."

"That's right," added Asia. "I wish she had let me in on the secret because I could have slipped something on that may have helped Benji keep his hungry eyes on me once in a while."

Carl was really excited to hear this from them. He did not expect his plan to have this much effect. He knew Benji would go a little crazy but now it sounded as if Asia wanted to juice up the electricity with something of her own.

Carl began to shuffle the cards as he could hear Arie coming toward the den. His back was toward the direction she was coming from but he knew something had changed because Benji and Asia had a strange look in their eyes.

Carl turned to see what had gotten their attention. His heart began to pound and he thought he was having a heart attack. He had seen his wife in sexy clothes before but when she came into the room wearing the sheer blouse, this time bra-less, it was more than he could stand.

Benji could hardly contain his emotions. He promptly responded with barroom type come-ons. He acted as though his wife was not in the same room, which by now was beginning to get to Asia.

"Oh Baby! Come over here and sit in my lap so I can get a real good look at you." Benji was almost out of control and Carl wondered if things had not gone a little too far. 

Although Carl was enjoying the fact his wife's appearance was driving his friend crazy, he was now speculating as to how this would end.

To Carl's surprise Arie was taking everything in stride, as though she was in total control. 

Arie just laughed and smiled as things progressed. It appeared with every comment and gesture she sat a little straighter and held her head a bit higher. She actually seemed to be enjoying this. Carl expected some kind of reaction from Benji and Asia but nothing like this from Arie.

Things settled down somewhat when the two couples began to actually play cards. Benji was still sneaking a look now and then but other than poor card playing it was beginning to resemble a routine evening. After several games the group took a short break to get some refreshments. The guys took theirs to the den and the two women stayed in the kitchen.

Benji was interrogating Carl as to why Arie had suddenly come out of her shell, while at the same time Arie was explaining the situation to Asia.

Asia asked Arie if there was something she could slip into out of her closet to gain some attention of her own. Arie was more than happy to accommodate her. They sneaked off to the bedroom to really turn up the heat. Arie may have been quiet and reserved on the outside, but she knew how to please her man.

"What's the deal with your dressing this way," asked Asia? "I have never seen you like this."

"Well Carl pleaded with me to do it just to tease Benji" said Arie. "At first I said no way, but the more I thought about it, I started thinking it might be fun to see Carl's reaction as well. I was kinda hoping to turn the tables on him."

"If you really want to turn the tables on him tonight then let's work together," said Asia.

"It depends on what you have in mind," Arie replied. Her mind was churning as fast as it could. She knew Asia was the type willing to try anything once or maybe twice if she really liked it. Her suspicions were about to be confirmed and the question was would she be willing to go through with Asia's idea. 

Carl was becoming a little impatient with the longer than expected delay in the card game. He was tired of explaining to Benji about Aries' new look and was ready to get the evening over so he could bed his wife. "Come on you two, let's play."

Carl didn't realize what he had just said, but it was somewhat ironic that is exactly what the girls had in mind.

Arie and Asia came into the room trying not to arouse the two guy's attention. Asia followed Arie closely until they took their seats. Now her new look was revealed. She had adopted the sheer; no bra standard set by Arie earlier in the evening.

Carl looked at Benji and Benji looked at the ladies. Then Carl looked at the women with his mouth wide open. 

"Carl please close your mouth, no one wants to see your cavities" Arie told him.

Now it seemed Carl's plan had gone awry. He was now the target. Will he be able to control his emotions, unlike Benji? So far it didn't look like he was going to be able to stand the pressure. 

Carl's mind was racing 100 miles per hour. He was already aroused because of Aries' sexy look and now he is confronted with Asia looking pretty good herself. He had, at times, wondered what it would be like to be with Asia but his dedication to Arie never let him dwell on the thought too long. 

Carl's thoughts now turned to what was going through Aries' mind. For the first time he could not predict her reaction. What started out as a gag on Benji, Arie had now put in a new twist. Was she in some way signaling something to Carl? He was bewildered with Aries' reaction and Asia's getting in on the act. Obviously they had conceived a plan of their own when they were alone together.

Carl decided to play it cool. He was along for the ride. If Arie wanted play the game then that is how it would be for the rest of the night. Since she held the cards, Carl would hold his hand close to his chest and see if Arie was gambling or bluffing.

"Come on guy's let's play cards, it's getting late," cried out Carl.

Everyone agreed so back to the game they went, laughing and carrying on as their normal routine was. 

After a few hands Arie got up from the table to get a drink from the kitchen while the next hand was being dealt. Benji called out to her to please bring him one also and Arie called out from the kitchen to see if anyone else wanted anything. Asia said she would like a snack since she was taking orders. Then Carl jumped in with a request to complete the circle around the table.

Arie finally, after a few minutes, ask for some help with everything she had to bring into the den. Benji was the first to jump up to offer his assistance claiming he was the only gentleman present.

When Benji left the room to help Arie in the kitchen Carl looked toward Asia. She had a strange look in her eye as if she was saying something to Carl without speaking any words. Carl felt as though she was saying let's do something because those two in the kitchen are. 

Carl's heart started pounding. His blood was pumping directly into one particular part of his body and he had thoughts of it exploding right there in his pants. He told himself to hold on, don't do anything foolish. He did not want to believe his wife was getting it on in the kitchen with another man. He quickly decided to give the situation a few minutes so he could clear his head. If they didn't appear from the kitchen soon, he would know something was going on.

The hungry look from Asia was penetrating. Carl could not escape the feeling of Asia wanting him to play a game other than cards. Even though he had in the past entertained thoughts of what it would be like to experience an episode with her, he just couldn't pull the trigger.

Then Asia encouraged Carl again. Sheepishly she asked him "I wonder what is taking them so long? I may need to go in there and check on them to make sure everything is all right."

"Yeah, that's a good idea. Why don't you check on them," Carl responded. 

In his mind he was relieved Asia would be in another room and the pressure she was applying on him would be off. 

As Asia got up to leave the room, Carl already could feel the pounding in his lower body begin to subside. 

Meanwhile in the kitchen Benji and Arie were in close proximity of each other. It appeared Arie was about to get more help than she had bargained for. Benji had positioned himself behind her so as not to give her a way out except through him. It was becoming obvious what he had on his mind.

Arie turned to find Benji flush up against her pinning her between him and the kitchen counter. "All I needed was for someone to carry the drinks Arie said, don't you think you're a bit too close."

Benji quietly replied in almost a whisper. " I knew you needed help with the drinks but with the way you look tonight I've got a thirst for something other than what is in that glass. You are just incredibly irresistible. I have never seen you dressed so sensual. I have undressed you a million times in my mind. The way you are dressed tonight makes me ache from wanting to see more."

"Well this is all you're going to see," Arie said.

This didn't seem to affect Benji though, because he kept up the pressure for more. "I know you and Asia had this planned when you two went to the back of the house. I told Carl to get ready for the night of his life because I had a sneaky feeling something was going to happen."

"No way Benji! We went back there to get something for Asia to wear to get your attention off of me, nothing else," Arie pleaded.

"Listen, I know how you two are," Benji shot back. "You're always trying to get something over on Carl and me. Carl told me it was your idea to dress up for me tonight. He said you wanted to see just how far I would go when it was right in front of me. He said you two had bet I would run like a scared rabbit." 

"No-no-no big boy, that's not it at all. I can't believe Carl told you such a tale. This outfit is his foolish plan to see how you would react," said Arie.

Benji was doing his best to convince Arie to take things to the next level but without much success. His mind was in overdrive trying to figure out what it would take to get this beautiful woman to undress for him. If he could get her to that point she just might keep going.

"Now's the time to go ahead with your secret plan." Benji was making all this up as he went along hoping to hit on something or maybe just persuade Arie into whatever he could come up with. "I know what it is," Benji said. "We were suppose to see both of you strip in front of us after finishing with the card game."

"No way Benji. You've gone way out there with that one," answered Arie. "You're out in the ozone."

Benji puts both arms around Arie without touching any of the goods and pulls her tight against him. Knowing she can feel his hardness he says, "see what you have done to me, and it's not the first time you've done that to me either. I just can't believe there is not some special reason for you being so seductive tonight." 

At this he spins Arie around and holds her by the shoulders. Looking her up and down his eyes stop on her breasts, which at this point were fully aroused. Then staring into her eyes he makes his move. He slides his hands down her sides until they come to rest at her hips.

Arie cringes a bit but doesn't move. Whether it is from fear or from desire she cannot seem to move.

Benji tries one more thing to make sure he has a green light before he goes any further. 

"With us being alone in here that leaves Asia and Carl alone together in the den. You haven't heard a word out of them, so what does that tell you. They are probably already having their fun while we stand here and talk,"says Benji.

With that being said Benji moves his hands slowly upward pulling her sheer blouse from being tucked into her jeans. With the blouse completely out of her jeans this gives Benji full access to Aries' breast.

Aries' head is saying stop but her body is saying go. Everything is happening so fast it seems. She has never been in this situation before. She knows this is wrong but for some unknown reason she feels the urge to go ahead. 

Arie had always tried to fulfill Carl's' every fantasy. Was this another one of his wild fantasies and if it was, was this one going too far? Aries' mind was asking questions while Benji's hands were seeking answers.

Benji slips his hands under Aries' blouse and moves them slowly upward until they gently caress her aching breasts.

Arie gasps for air as if someone had poured ice water down her back. It was unnerving yet somewhat welcome. She didn't want this to happen but she was now in a state of pleasure like she had never been before. Her head falls back, and her eyes close in full submission to Benjis' touch.

Unnoticed was Asia peeping around the corner, taking all of this in. Remaining silent, she is enjoying every bit of this. This is her cue to move back to the den to Carl.

When she turns to head back to the den she sees Carl quietly coming toward her. Asia motions for him to be quiet and they swap places at the corner. 

Carl takes her place to observe what is happening in the kitchen with his wife. To his amazement his wife has given herself to the desires of another man. Benji was massaging Aries' breasts and she seemed to be enjoying it. 

How could she do this? This was not part of his plan… or was it? Had he subconsciously wanted things to work out this way? He had wondered many times what it would be like to watch his wife make love to someone else. Now it appeared he would soon find out.

Then Carl feels a tug on his arm from Asia that breaks his frozen stare. He looks at her and that "come on" look is back in her eyes. He feels helpless as she leads him by the hand to the den. He doesn't even sense his feet touching the floor as he walks behind her. It is as though he was floating. 

Both Carl and Arie sense the wrongness of the situation they find themselves in, but they seem powerless or unwilling to stop it from happening.

Carl and Asia enter the den as she leads him to the couch. 

Carl is in a zombie-like state. What was happening in his house is exactly the same thing he had secretly wondered about many times before. Now that it was actually transpiring in front of his eyes he couldn't enjoy it to the fullest. He was constantly questioning himself about the right or wrongness of it all.

Carl was having the same feelings his wife was, he wanted it, but he didn't want it. Then for some reason Carl becomes as soft clay in Asia's hands. While all of this was going through his mind she had removed her top and had positioned his hands on her breasts.
