 Author’s note: I’ve gotten great feedback from my stories and to each who took the time to do so, “Thank You!” Several ladies (strangely) have written asking me for more stories about bi-sexual men. I have to admit that I am not bi-sexual. But then again I’m not heterosexual, homosexual or even tri-sexual. I consider myself just sexual. By this I mean that many different things do it for me and stories of adventurous men just happen to be among them. This tale has turned out to be longer than I thought and has actually written itself. Here is the first installment. Feedback is, again, always welcome. And to those ladies who wanted a story like this I hope this “does it” for you.

Ronmac

I

Alex woke to the sound of the sea just outside his window. It was a sound he never tired of. He stretched his 6’ body on the cool cotton sheets. He was naked as usual. Alex rarely wore clothes these days. Hell, it had probably been 5 years since he had worn clothes on a regular basis. He ran his hands down his chest toward his abdomen. “Not bad for a 47 year old,” he said out loud. His voice was deep and smooth. It was the reason he hadn’t had to wear clothes all these years. Alex had been a successful syndicated radio talk show host.

His topics all revolved around the thing he knew best…sex. Most of his listeners had understandably been women though there had been several male callers to his show over the years. But the women had kept Alex on the air all those years. They were the ones who visited his sponsors. They were the ones buying his 5 books. They were the ones mailing him their soiled panties and other things even after he had been off the air for some time. “God bless them everyone,” Alex said.

His hands traveled across his stomach and reached what Alex called ‘the zone of no return.’ His cock stared back at him just beyond this point. Curving slightly to the left, his dick still amazed Alex. Though not huge by any stretch of the imagination it had garnered much praise over the years from many people. Their usual comment was “It fits perfectly.” That was good enough for Alex.

If his hands wandered into the ‘zone’ he’d be forced to relieve the pressure his erection was causing in his balls. Not this morning, Alex thought. He rose from the bed and wandered over to the wall length window and looked out over the sea. The view from the hill was stunning. Alex estimated the time at 7 a.m. There were no clocks in Alex’s house nor did he own a watch. All those things went out the window when his net worth reached 100 million dollars. Still, that amazing dick of his woke him early. 

Alex walked from his bedroom and down the spiral stairs to the living room. His erection was already giving up. The marble floor was cool but Alex didn’t mind. He knew the sun would be hot today as it almost always was in the Caribbean. He made his way to the kitchen for his usual breakfast of OJ and eggs over medium. The smell met him before the sight of the breakfast did. What also met Alex’s eyes was the sight of his assistant. Standing at the table placing a bowl of freshly sliced fruit tin the middle of it was what could best be described as a statue of a Greek god come to life.

Jas was of mixed lineage. His mom was a white beauty who could easily have been a model instead of a school teacher in the Caribbean. His dad was a native to the islands and his dad’s family had once owned the island now occupied by Alex Morris and his 20,000 square foot glass palace. Jas had all the good qualities of both parents and none of the bad. He was fit and chiseled from hours of exercise and swimming. He had the beauty of his mother and the milk chocolate skin of his dad. His hair was shoulder length and now tied back with a red ribbon to keep it from getting in the food. Right now, however, it wasn’t Jas’ hair that was the problem. The problem stemmed from the fact that Jas was as naked as his employer.

“Hey,” shouted Alex. “Keep that thing out of my eggs!”

As Jas leaned over the table his dick came with in a breath of Alex’s breakfast.

“My! Aren’t we cranky this morning,” Jas said, smiling broadly. “What’s the matter, boss? Forget to whack off this morning? You know I can help you with that if you can’t do it yourself.” Jas’ red tongue licked his lips invitingly.

“I’ll show you cranky,” Alex growled and ran to the other side of the table. He grabbed Jas by the shoulders and pulled the 26 year old close to him. Alex felt the sinewy muscles in Jas’ arms. They were exactly the same height and if not for a few extra pounds Alex had put on after he had turned 45, they could have been brothers. He pulled Jas closer and kissed him fully on the lips. Alex’s hands found Jas’ face and began to caress the beautiful man as their tongues played together. He felt his dick begin to swell and seem to want to wrap itself around Jas’ impressive brown manhood. Jas’ dick began to fill with blood and echoed the sentiment of Alex’s penis. Alex untied the ribbon from Jas’ hair and gripped the mane tightly. He broke the kiss roughly by pulling Jas away with a sudden yank of his hair.

“I’ve told you to never call me boss, Jas. And as for this…” Alex placed Jas’ hand around his dick…”if I need any help getting this thing off, you’ll be the first to know.” Alex began to kiss Jas again. He could spend hours doing nothing but kissing this gorgeous man. He had done it many days and nights since Jas had come to live with him. Jas just tasted good. 

His lips were remarkably soft, softer than the lips of most women Alex had been with. Alex reached between the two men and grabbed the rapidly growing shaft of Jas. He gave it a couple of loving pulls and then walked back to the other side of the kitchen. “I’d fire you in a minute if you weren’t so invaluable to me. And the best damned kisser I’ve ever known. Let’s eat outside this morning.”

“Yes sir, Boss, er, I mean, Alex,” Jas said laughingly and gathered the plates and food and headed out the doors to the patio. “And don’t forget I’m the best cocksucker this side of the island.”

“With the notable exception of me, you’re the only cocksucker on this island,” Alex said. “Don’t let your ego get as big as that lovely dick of yours.”

The two men ate their breakfast across from each other in silence. The beauty of the Caribbean was all around them. The sun shone down on the bronze body of Alex and the glistening skin of Jas. Both men stole glances at the others packages so blatantly displayed in the morning light. Afterwards, Jas cleared the dishes and headed off into the house. Alex couldn’t help but marvel at the shapely ass of Jas. A nearly perfect ‘bubble butt’ paraded around the kitchen and Alex began to regret his decision not to masturbate this morning.

He could have Jas come back out and drop to his knees and engulf his hard-on. Jas really was an amazing dick sucker. He could have Jas come out and spread that lovely ass of his so that Alex could fill it with his cream. Jas’ ass was almost as sweet as his lips. Or Alex could have Jas come out and give him an incredible and excruciatingly delightful hand job. While Jas was doing any of these things Alex could be playing with Jas’ magnificent brown penis. It was a beauty to behold when it was standing proudly. Alex felt the first drop of pre-cum ooze from the tip of his penis. He brought the drop to his tongue with his finger, savoring the salty-sweet flavor.

“I’m going for a swim,” Alex yelled into the house. He ran down the steps to the large pool just below the house. Jas watched his boss’ dick wave back and forth as Alex headed for the cooling waters of the pool. Jas reached down and stroked his own dick. He had masturbated this morning but was already horny again. Living with Alex made him perpetually horny, even more than most guys his age. He walked outside and to the wall overlooking the pool, dick in hand. Jas looked down at his boss swimming furiously back and forth, trying to erase the hard-on that Jas had caused. Jas stroked harder at the sight of Alex’s naked form in the water. 

He remembered nights of lying in Alex’s arms, feeling the heat from between Alex’s legs as he slept. Jas thought of how Alex’s dick felt sliding down his open throat, how hard and hot it almost always was. He thought of the first gush of semen erupting from Alex’s dick and how that caught him by surprise nearly every time. Jas would struggle to catch and swallow every drop of Alex’s nectar. They would then lock their mouths and tongues and share Alex’s bounty.

That thought sent Jas over the edge. Sperm flew from his cock in a torrent. The orgasm was so intense that Jas’ knees weakened and he had to brace himself against the wall. He saw that his seed had landed in a pool on top of the wall. Jas scooped the thick, white liquid into the palm of his hand and brought it to his lips. His tongue darted out and Jas tasted the salty fruit of his loins. With one quick flick of his wrist the rest of the cum slid down his eager throat. Jas looked once more at Alex and made his way back into the house to start his work day.

II

The sea plane carrying supplies to the island was new and spacious. Alex had purchased it 2 years after he bought the island. The pilot was a man Alex had met on the mainland in a crusty seaside tavern frequented by locals only. Captain Ron, as he was called, knew more about planes than anything, with the exception of running marijuana under the ever watchful radar of the sea patrols.

A few times Captain Ron had almost been caught with his illicit goods. But he was the best at ‘treetop flying’ and had never been captured. These days Captain Ron flew only for Alex and the only supplies Alex wanted were the ones anyone could buy at the shops on the mainland. Boring, actually by Captain Ron’s standards, but Ron was getting a little tired of the drug game anyway. It was better to get out while you were ahead, Ron had said, and while you could still drop the soap in the shower without fear of losing your anal cherry. Fifty was too old to be going to jail.

Cassie Lee sat in the co-pilot seat next to Captain Ron. She looked out the window of the plane and marveled at the beauty several thousand feet below her. She had ventured to the Caribbean many times before but she had never been to a private island like this. She was Alex Morris’ publisher…and ex-lover. She wondered as the plane droned on if you could really be anyone’s ‘ex’ lover.

Cassie still loved Alex even after all these years. It was she who had suggested they make their relationship a purely business one. Her dealings with Alex had made her a very wealthy woman, both financially and sexually. Alex had brought out the sexual beast that had lived unknown inside her all her life. Cassie had done things with Alex that she had only dared to dream about before. Maybe that’s why she had changed their relationship. She had wanted to see if she could have those same experiences without the charismatic Alex in the same room. 

At 38, Cassie could still turn heads. She was 5’9” in bare feet (Cassie hated shoes and was barefoot even now) and had maintained her college weight of 120 pounds. Her hair was naturally blonde, the type you couldn’t get out of a bottle no matter how good your stylist was. It was cut short now and spiked.

Cassie’s classic beauty let her get away with almost any hair style. She was tanning bed tan which, along with her hair, only accentuated her clear blue eyes. Her teeth were dazzling white and straight, a gift from her mom’s side of the family. Her strength and toughness came from her dad’s side. His family had all been hard workers and knew what it was like to have to work for a living. Cassie’s dad had imbued her with a strong sense of herself. She was ever grateful to him for that. Being independent and self reliant had allowed her to stay away from Alex for so long. 

Now here she was on his personal sea plane being flown to his private island by his personal pilot. And she didn’t even know why Alex had wanted her to come out. Just the chance of seeing Alex again had brought Cassie all these thousands of miles. They would just have to see what happened next. Captain Ron’s voice shook Cassie from her introspection.

“You can just see the island from here. Look just ahead. That dot on the horizon is it. We should be there shortly,” Ron said. Captain Ron reached over to the instrument panel and flipped the auto pilot switch. The planes gear began responding on its own. He pulled himself up from the pilot’s seat and made his way towards the cargo area just beyond the seats. “I’ve just got to get ready to meet Alex.”

Cassie looked back to see Ron kick off his shoes and begin to unbutton his shirt. She stared at the man as he removed his shirt and began to take off his pants. She noticed that Ron wore no underwear.

“What do you mean ‘Get ready for Alex’?” Cassie asked. “And why are you getting naked?”

“Island tradition. No one wears clothes around Alex unless they just want to. Since I’ve been working for him I’ve only seen the man dressed a handful of times. But if you’re uncomfortable I can put them back on.” Ron reached for his jeans.

“No…no, that’s quite alright,” Cassie said. “But you’ll have to excuse me for not joining you in this ‘tradition’ right now.”

“Quite alright,” Ron said with a grin. “What you’re wearing is very nice for your first visit to the island if you don’t mind me being so bold.”

Cassie became suddenly aware of her wardrobe choice for the trip. A tight midriff linen top accentuated her 36C breasts. Her dark brown areolas shown through the sand colored material. Cassie’s tan abdomen was flat and glistened with a tiny sheen of sweat. Her linen pants started at the top of her mound and ended at her beautiful brown feet. She could see the line of the opening of her pussy through the material. It too was wet…but not just with perspiration. She was really looking forward to seeing Alex.


Captain Ron made his way back to the front of the plane and resumed his place in the pilot seat. Cassie noted that, at 50, Ron was still in fairly good shape. He was tan all over and nearly hairless. Cassie thought that the captain must shave to achieve this look making him a more sensuous person than Cassie had at first thought. She watched as Ron shut of the autopilot and took the controls in his hands.

She noticed that his prick was long even in its current flaccid state. And Captain Ron was uncircumcised. She had never experienced an uncut cock. Thoughts of what it would be like to bring Captain Ron’s dick to life and reveal the cockhead from its sheath filled Cassie’s head and she felt herself become wetter. She’d be glad to get off this plane and onto solid land. 

“We’re almost there,” Captain Ron said. “Fasten that belt. The sea can be harder than tarmac and a little bumpy. Wouldn’t want to deliver Alex’s prize supply all bruised.” Cassie did as she was instructed and watched as the plane began to circle and make its descent. She wondered what Ron meant by calling her ‘Alex’s supply’.

III

Alex stood at the end of the pier watching the approaching seaplane. He hadn’t felt this nervous for a long time. For the last hour he had stared at the horizon in anticipation of seeing the plane, hearing the engines and perhaps catching a glimpse of the passengers as they circled for a landing. And now it was happening. An all too familiar feeling began to creep into his chest and make its way to his groin. Soon he would be seeing her, touching her and possibly even tasting the woman he still loved after all this time. 

Alex had not bothered dressing for the occasion even though he knew Cassie had no clue as to the island’s ‘tradition’. Maybe Captain Ron would tell her. Maybe even now Ron would be naked in preparation for his arrival. Alex chuckled at the thought of what Cassie must be thinking if that were the case. No matter, Alex thought.

He could see into the planes windows now and he could see her. Even from this distance he knew that she would be more beautiful than the last time he saw her. He felt the stirring of his cock and tried to will it not to rise. Alex watched the plane’s pontoons touch the water and waited as it made its way to the pier.

Jas watched the plane’s arrival from the large windows of the house. ‘She’ is coming, he thought. ‘She’ will be here soon and everything will change. Alex had told Jas a great deal about Cassie. After all, she was the publisher of all Alex’s books and Jas was as involved in the business end of his boss as he was in his boss’ end. And what a sweet end it is, Jas thought. He had spent countless hours tonguing Alex’s ass and suckling his balls from behind. Alex had even let Jas fuck him on occasion though Jas preferred to be the one getting the fucking. Jas’ asshole opened slightly at this thought. His cock began to stiffen. He might have time to jerk off one more time before ‘She’ arrived. No, he thought, he’d save it for later. He might get a chance to deposit his load on the sweet tongue of Alex. If he did he wanted his load to be memorable. He turned from the window and went back to work.

Captain Ron stepped from the plane and secured it to the pier. He turned around just in time to be ‘bear hugged’ by Alex. “Goddamn good to see you too, boss,” Ron exclaimed.

“What is it with this ‘boss’ stuff today?” Alex asked. “I’ve told you and everyone else to not call me that. Now hug me back, you old bastard. It’s great to see you again.”

Cassie stepped from the plane and watched the two naked men hug each other. That’s Alex, she thought. Same old Alex. She noticed that the two men were comfortable with each other. She saw that their dicks were touching and neither man seemed to mind. Cassie wanted to run to Alex and push herself between the two. She wanted to feel Alex’s dick against her mound. Cassie waited for the men to finish their greeting before she spoke.

“Remember me? The ‘prize supply’? Hello?” she joked.

The two men turned and looked at the beauty standing at the end of the pier. Cassie looked at the two naked friends and everyone burst into laughter. Alex and Cassie ran towards each other like an old movie cliché. He picked her up and whirled her around, still laughing.

“Hey I just finished a plane ride and you’re taking me on a ‘copter ride? Let me get my land legs back for a minute,” Cassie laughed. Alex put her down and just stared into those mesmerizing blue eyes. “Hi,” was all Cassie could think to say.

“Welcome to the island. I see Captain Ron’s told you about the custom here. But I really love what you’re wearing, Cassie. The island has suddenly become more breathtaking. Again, welcome.”

“I’ll get the rest of the supplies off the plane, Alex and then I have to be heading back right away,” Ron piped in. “I’ve got big plans tonight. And by the looks of things so do you.”

“Well come here then,” Alex said. The two men embraced again. Cassie saw the look between the two men and knew that a lot had happened between them. Maybe she’d get Alex to tell her about them during her stay here. It might make for an interesting book. She looked at the two dicks on display before her and began to fantasize about stroking and sucking them both at the same time. She knew what Alex’s cum tasted like. She wondered if Captain Ron’s would taste as sweet or be as thick. Her fantasy was broken when Alex spoke again.

“Come on, sweet Cassie. Let’s get your stuff put away and tour the island and my home. It’s yours for as long as you stay here.” Alex took Cassie’s hand and began walking up the pier toward the glass mansion on the hill. Cassie turned and spoke to Ron.

“Thank you, Captain Ron for a most interesting flight. I look forward to the return trip.”

“You’re welcome, Cassie,” Captain Ron said still unpacking the supplies. “Maybe when I return you’ll be in the island spirit. That will make for interesting conversation on the way back. Have fun!”
