 When I was a little girl, my dad worked as a carpenter. The company he worked for was like one big family; we'd get together for nearly every holiday for picnics and parties, all the parents and all the kids. There were about ten kids around my age, both boys and girls, within five years either direction. We'd hang out together, keeping each other out of trouble, just being friends. 

There was one man who had two boys around my age, but they went to the private school in town while I went to the public school. I always thought the older was really cute, but he never gave me the time of day. As I got older I realized the dad was a real hunk; there were rumors that he was a womanizer. Heck, half the guys my dad worked with cheated on their wives, but Chad was the only one I was ever attracted to. When I started daydreaming about men, he was right up there with the guys from Hollywood.

We grew up, the company got bought out by a larger corporation, and the family atmosphere died out. The kids grew up, the parents eventually retired. I lost track of the other "carpenter kids," as we called ourselves.

I was living in the state capitol, about two hours from home, working as a legal secretary, but my mom was having health problems, so I quit my job and returned home to care for her. One day I was getting gas when I heard a man addressing me. I turned to see who it was, and it was Chad. Of course I immediately walked over to give him a hug. "You remember Jake, don't you?" he asked, gesturing to the man next to him.

My jaw dropped. The younger son had turned out to be quite a hunk! He laughed at my reaction and shook my hand. "Yeah, I know," he said. "I look just like my dad, I've grown up nicely, blah, blah, blah." I laughed too.

"So what's Tad doing?" I asked, curious to know if his brother was still as cute. Just as I asked I felt someone bump me from behind. I looked over my shoulder, and there was Tad himself. I swallowed hard. Here I was, surrounded by three of the most gorgeous men I knew, and they all were eyeing me like I was a juicy steak.

We chatted for a bit; seems Chad had started his own construction company and the sons were helping him out, being part owners. After talking for a few minutes, they each hugged me goodbye. I daringly kissed Chad on the cheek as I hugged him, then looked challengingly at each of the sons, daring them to say anything. 

Over the next few months I'd often see them around town. We'd run into each other at the gas station, the bank, the post office, and I'd always give whichever I saw a hug and a kiss on the cheek. As the months went by, the hugs became a bit tighter with more body contact, and the kisses moved back onto the neck - except with their father. I was always careful to kiss him on the cheek, keep the hugs light.

I knew the boys (men!) were discussing me; one would comment on things I'd said to the other. I never realized where their thoughts were going though, until one day Tad asked me out.

"Hey," he said casually while we were chatting. "Jake and I were wondering if you'd like to go out sometime?"

I didn't miss the double reference. "Jake and I?"

He blushed slightly. "Well, yeah. We didn't want to fight over you, so we thought we'd share - at least at first."

I opened my mouth as what he was suggesting registered. "You want me to go out with -both- of you." 

He fidgeted. "Uh, yeah. Like, dinner and a movie, maybe? Maybe dancing?"

I smiled. He was so sweet, and I did like them both. "Ok," I agreed. "When?"

"This Friday," he didn't hesitate. "We'll pick you up at 6, ok?"

"Ok," I smiled at him.

This time the hug and kiss were something more... he ran his hands down my back and captured my lips with his briefly.

The next day I ran into Jake at the gas station. "So, what kind of food you like?" he asked as he pumped my gas. 

"Chinese? Italian? Nothing too spicy," I answered. 

He grinned as he moved to take me in his arms. His hand roamed down to my ass for a moment and he nibbled lightly on my ear.

"Mmmmm," I moaned lightly, loving the feel of his hands on me, his teeth on my ear.

He smiled at me as I drove away.

Over the next few days I got the feeling I was a prize they were both trying to win. Tad carried my groceries to my car on Wednesday. His hug was just short of being pornographic; when he kissed me he slipped his tongue between my lips.

On Thursday Jake stood behind me in line at the bank, so close I could feel his cock bulging against my ass as he whispered in my ear. I began to think they were scoring points, each of them doing his best to get me into his bed.

Like any hot-blooded woman I was loving the attention.

Friday came and they picked me up in Tad's Camaro. It was like him, hot and fast. We talked all the way to the restaurant, Jake leaning forward from the backseat, his breath hot on my shoulder. They each put an arm around my waist as we walked into the restaurant. People stared, but I didn't care. I loved the aggressive way they were acting toward one another, friendly, yet constantly trying to one-up each other.

In the restaurant they each kept one hand on my leg. Since it would have been impossible for me to eat and keep one hand on each of their legs, I rewarded them with little touches now and then; a caress of the hand here, a bump from my shoulder there.

"Now what?" I asked as we left the restaurant.

"Dancing," they both said at the same time. I grew slightly breathless at the thought of grinding on the dance floor between the two of them.

And that's how it happened. Every time we got up to dance together, I was the filling of a hunk sandwich. I couldn't get enough. I'd grind against Tad for a few minutes, my breasts grazing Jake's chest, then I'd turn around. Their hands were everywhere on me, my waist, my ass, occasionally my breasts. The longer we danced, the more turned on I became. Apparently so did they.

Soon they pulled me out of the club. They trapped me between them again in the parking lot; I could feel Jake's hard cock against my ass and his brother's against my cunt. Tad trapped my lips with his as Jake nibbled on my neck. 

I moaned as Tad's tongue probed my mouth. Jake's hands were on my breasts. Between them they were driving me insane. Slowly I realized they hadn't been keeping score, hoping I'd choose one of them; they were hoping I'd take -both- of them!

Finally Tad raised his head and looked into my eyes as Jake breathed into my ear. "Let's go home," he whispered. My breath caught in my throat as he rubbed his fingers across my nipples. I couldn't look away from Tad's eyes as I nodded.

Jake pulled me into the backseat with him as Tad started to drive. I could almost feel Tad's eyes on us as Jake started kissing me. His hands returned to caressing my breasts and I moaned against his lips. He lowered his head to my breast, teasing my nipple through my shirt. I was breathing hard, whimpering, when he slid his hand up my skirt.

I gasped as his fingers grazed my slit. I arched my back, wanting more. He chuckled and slipped a finger inside me. 

"Oh, God, Jake!" I whimpered as I writhed on his finger. He finger fucked me, slipping another finger into me and using his thumb to stroke my clit. 

"Cum for me, Lisa," he whispered against my skin. "Let Tad hear you cumming."

I didn't care that his brother was watching us, in fact it turned me on. I was carried away on the wings of my orgasm as I moaned, thrusting myself on Jake's hand. When I had finished, he pulled his hand out and licked his fingers. "Mmmm," he said. "I can't wait to have my tongue in your pussy."

I flushed and looked up. Tad caught my gaze in the rearview mirror and winked.

We pulled into the driveway of their house. Their mom and dad had gotten a divorce, so they lived at home with their dad. Tad helped me out of the backseat and held my hand as we entered the house. As soon as we entered, he pinned me against the door, kissing me deeply. His tongue probed my mouth as waves of desire shook me. I moaned against his mouth, as his hands stroked my body. I heard Jake come in through the door from the garage, where he had put the car. I tried to push away from Tad. "What about your dad," I whispered, my voice husky with want.

"Don't worry," said Tad softly. "Dad's probably asleep by now. Besides, he doesn't care - and he likes you." I didn't have time to process his words other than 'don't worry' before he captured my lips again, grinding his mouth against mine.

Tad undid my shirt and slid it from my shoulders. I gasped and tensed at the cold metal door against my heated skin. He mouthed at my nipple through my bra as he undid the zipper on my skirt and slid it down over my hips. I heard a noise behind him and looked up to see Jake with his shirt off. He was gorgeous, his muscular, tanned chest begged to be licked all over. In a daze I saw myself reach for him as Tad knelt between my legs, removing my underwear.

Jake reached behind me and unclasped my bra, letting it fall to the floor. Tad stood and removed his shirt with one swift motion. I was naked, standing before two gorgeous men with their shirts off.

I cleared my throat. "I think you boys are a bit overdressed." My voice was husky with desire.

Each of them took one of my hands and they pulled me toward a bedroom. They seated me on the bed, and as one, removed their pants.

I gasped at how beautiful they were, their cocks exquisite, hard, and huge. Tad was taller and leaner, with short dirty-blonde hair and blue eyes. Jake had darker hair, but the same laughing blue eyes, and GOD, what a chest. It was obvious they both worked out. My eyes roamed lower and I felt myself get wet at the sight of those cocks, those gorgeous cocks, erect and begging for me.

I slipped off the bed and onto my knees, taking a cock into each hand. I stroked them both firmly then lowered my mouth over Tad's. He moaned deep in his throat. I felt Jake's cock jerk in my hand at the sight of my mouth on his brother's cock. I alternated back and forth, sucking each of them for a few minutes. I'd never had two cocks at once before, and I was getting more and more excited as I went along.

After a few minutes Jake pulled me to my feet, pushed me on the bed and buried his face between my legs. I moaned as his tongue teased my clit. Tad moved onto the bed beside me and began sucking on my nipples, teasing them. When Jake slid 2 fingers inside me I immediately came, wailing my pleasure, calling their names.

They continued to torture me as I came again and again. I couldn't bear it; I started begging them to fuck me, both of them at once. Jake raised his head and shared an amused look with Tad.

"Oh, no; not yet," Tad breathed. "But," he smiled. "I'll fuck you while you suck Jake's cock. I want to watch you suck him."

I nodded and got on my hands and knees. Jake lay down under me; I started sucking him before Tad was even ready to enter me, since he stopped to put a condom om.

I could feel Tad behind me, his cock stroking my pussy from my clit back to my hole, then he entered me, burying himself to the balls. The motion pushed me forward on Jake's cock, forcing me to take all of him at the same time. They started pumping into me in rhythm, Jake fucking my mouth while Tad fucked my pussy.

I lost myself in the pleasure; soon I was cumming again. Jake pulled out and came on my chest as Tad came all over my back. I loved hearing both of them calling my name as they came.

We lay there together, a tangle of bodies and limbs until one of the men started to stir. I still had my fingers wrapped around Jake's cock and had Tad's cock still inside me, so I knew when they started to recover.

Jake started to get hard again in my hand, so I started stroking him lightly. Soon he was harder than ever, and I could feel Tad inside me, getting excited at the sight of me stroking his brother.

Jake whispered, "Have you ever had a man in your ass, Lisa?"

I shook my head no, my eyes wide. They shifted around, and the next thing I knew, I was straddling Jake, his cock in my pussy. I rode him for a few minutes, then felt Tad push me over. He stroked my ass for a few minutes and slid a finger inside. I gasped at the sensation. His fingers were cold; I realized he had lubed my ass, getting ready to fuck me. I tensed, suddenly scared. Jake could feel my apprehension. "Shh," he whispered, holding me close. "It's going to feel good, I promise."

Just as he said that, I felt Tad remove his fingers, I could hear the sound of a condom being unwrapped, the elastic noise as he took off the one we'd used, then rolled the new one over his cock. He shifted his weight, and then I felt him slide the head of his cock against my ass. He pushed gently at the entrance. I whimpered as he gently slid it into me. "Nooooo!" I cried, more in fear than in pain.

They both froze at the word. "Do you want me to stop?" Tad asked quietly.

I was starting to get used to feeling him in there, and it was starting to feel better. "Don't stop," I gasped. "Just... slow.... Please."

Jake held me as Tad slid his cock deeper into me, then suddenly I felt him thrust all the way in.

"Oh, GOD!" I cried. Jake was right, it felt so good!

At my words the men started thrusting into me, Jake from underneath into my pussy, Tad from behind into my ass. Oh my God, it was incredible! I could feel their cocks sliding against each other, stroking me from both sides. I started to cum from the sensation, the spiraling heat from inside my cunt making me oblivious to anything but the two gorgeous cocks inside me, and the two gorgeous men attached to those cocks.

Soon we were all crying out again as we came. This time, they both came inside me as I climaxed. I came again and again, unable to control the reaction I was having.

When we were all finished, we could barely move. We turned so that we were lying on our sides; Tad still behind me, Jake in my arms.

We lay that way for a while, panting. After a few minutes Jake went to the kitchen and came back with glasses of cool water for each of us. We sat there for a while, then Tad laughed. "Well, that was an experience!" 

I gave them a look. "Have you done that before?"

"No," Jake said, looking down. "But we couldn't bear the idea of one of us not having you. We couldn't agree on who should ask you out."

"And actually," Tad added, "We didn't plan this. It worked out pretty well though, don't ya think?"

He gave me a look, a twinkle in his eye.

I laughed and agreed.

I didn't go home that night. The three of us slept in Tad's king-size waterbed, me in the middle, a gorgeous hunk on either side of me. I fell asleep with dreams of the incredible sex I'd just had, and dreams of what I'd do with them the next time when we went out. After all, they'd already asked.