 Note: There really is a place in France called Cap D’Agde and the special beach in this story can be found there.

Part 1.  Our Guest Begins the Tale

My wife Annie and I once were very young and quite poor.  At that time, we lived in a small apartment so cramped that after eating at the almost miniature kitchen table we would sit there and talk or play a card game because there was no place else to go except to the bed in an adjacent room.  When we had a guest, we would have dinner at that small kitchen table and then remain there to chat and maybe play cards.  The three of us (we never had more than one guest at a time) would squeeze into the available space, our knees rubbing against each other.  

One day, my friend Mitch was visiting, as he had done in the past.  Mitch was a handsome man of my age but further along in education (he had earned his doctorate while I was just starting graduate school after a tour in the Army).  He had done very well in the publishing domain, with three of his sexy novels having been on best seller lists in recent years.  As a result he was fairly well-to-do by now and able to travel around the world.  Mitch was not shy about admitting his great interest in sex.  He liked to tell us about his latest adventures, usually featuring women, and we found him amusing as well as stimulating.  

The apartment had no air conditioning and all of us were dressed in light clothing since it was a hot summer that year.  Mitch and I both wore light sport shirts over shorts and just sandals while Annie had on a light blouse that buttoned in front.  She liked to wear a mini-skirt, in fashion at the time.  She also liked to hang around the apartment in bare feet.  She also liked the freedom that came with not bothering to wear a bra.

Eventually, that evening, the little kitchen grew dim as the daylight that had illuminated it receded.  We sat there and chatted about various matters, sipping our cold vodka drinks.  By the time we were are on our third round, Mitch mentioned he planned to leave next week for a trip abroad.  

In particular, he mentioned visiting a French beach on the Mediterranean.

“I’ve been there before, this particular beach, and I can tell you things about it you would be surprised to hear,” he said with a big grin.

“Do tell,” said Annie.

“Well, first I have to mention that there are many beaches in that particular area, one after another, all beautiful.  If you say you visited Cap D’Agde you have to say which one.”

“Go on,” Annie said as she took a swallow of her drink.  

“How many beaches are you talking about?” I asked Mitch.

“I’d say perhaps a dozen, give or take one or two.  And there’s not just the beaches but the clubs, hotels, restaurants, it’s a marvelous area to visit.”

“You mentioned one particular beach you go to.  What’s special about it?”  I asked with only mild curiosity at that point.

“OK, here’s the thing.  Some of the beaches are naturist – everything is nude.  But among those is this place I go to.  Other single guys go there too but most of the crowd consists of couples.  They’re swingers.”

“OK so they like to hang around naked and then go back to the hotel and fuck,” I said.

“Right -- up to a point.  Some of them have one or another form of sex right there on the beach, some very close to other couples.  Supposedly, it’s not supposed to happen but the French police go easy on it, especially in the evening.  Want to hear more?” He was grinning ear to ear as he glanced from me to Annie, then held her gaze.

Annie smiled, “Mitch, you know us better than to think we’re prudes.  Naturally, you’ve perked up our interest so let it all out.  You mean they …?”

“It actually varies with the time of day.  Things really only getting going in the late afternoon and evening.  These swingers, I should say, are often old couples, in their fifties although there are also some young gals and their male or female companions.  If you stroll around, you’ll see a hefty naked woman lazily jerking off her big-bellied male companion – I’ll call him her husband because married couples are common.  At the same time, she eyes your dangling cock.  

“You continue on and stop to join a group watching a gang bang.  The woman might be in her late thirties, say, her husband standing behind her watching her sitting in the sand.  She sucks first one cock then another of the guys standing by her.  Her wide-open legs attract a third guy, somebody who is probably a stranger who then goes down on her before he squats to fuck her.”

Annie and I were shocked.  We were a young modern couple but not swingers.  We occasionally watched an erotic movie and were turned on by some of the scenes in them.  But this was news to us.  Mature couples out there in public at a beach, wives masturbating husbands, wives being gang banged by strangers with their hubbies looking on?  Was this just a sex fantasy dreamed up by Mitch?

Mitch was amused by our silent but obvious reaction.  “No, I’m not kidding, this is not a bullshit sex fantasy.  It’s real and a week from now, yours truly might just be that guy going down on the female member of a swinging couple who are on that beach with the purpose of staging a gang bang.  Hmm, delightful!”

Annie shook her head in amazement and downed the last of her vodka drink.  “I’m going to make us another batch, guys,” she said as she arose to go to the nearby counter.  Her faced was flushed, I noticed.  Mitch’s description had been a turn-on for her.

“When you were there earlier – last year? – did you … were you … one of swingers?” I asked as I kept my eye on Annie.  She had her back to me but she hadn’t yet done anything about pouring fresh drinks.  Instead, I could see that she was doing something involving the front of her blouse.  But Mitch distracted me with his laughing answer to my question.

“Of course!  Why else would I be there?  In fact, I had a fabulous encounter.  Isn’t it getting a bit dark in here by the way?”

“Leave the lights off,” Annie quickly interjected before I could rise to turn them on.  “It’s nice to sit around in the evening and talk and drink without glaring kitchen lights on” she continued.

“Fine,” Mitch said as he continued where he left off, “Yep, a really memorable occasion.  It occurred in the early evening.  Some people had departed to have dinner at the nearby hotel restaurant.  Some walked a short distance to another hotel that had an evening pool party for swingers.  But do you want to hear details about that fantastic sex I had there on the beach?”

Annie brought our drinks.  As she bent to give Mitch his new drink, I saw that she had opened several buttons of that blouse.  The down-blouse vision on display for Mitch and, less so, for me, was … very nice!  Mitch gulped his drink and for a moment I thought he had forgotten all about that great time he was supposed to tell us about, that time at Cap D’Agde.  

But then Annie sat down.  She was blushing and I realized she was sexually aroused by the situation: the growing darkness, the effect on her of alcohol, her bold down-blouse display for Mitch, and the beach scenes that he was describing. I was aroused by her arousal.  My cock was hard and I was sure that was true of Mitch as well.

“So, Mitch,” she whispered sexily, “don’t hold back.  I’m ready for the sex … oops” -- she giggled and then swallowed half of her glass of vodka -- “I mean I’m ready to hear the sex story.”    

Mitch gave us his twisted grin, took a long swallow of his drink, and was about to begin when he began to take off his shirt.  “I’m getting warm folks, hope you don’t mind if I shed this shirt … to accompany a hot and lusty tale.”

Neither of us said anything, waiting with some considerable aroused interest.  The now half-nude Mitch didn’t faze me but Annie’s open blouse was still on my mind.  What was going on here?

“Ok, folks, here goes,” Mitch began, “I was strolling along the beach checking out the scene, looking for a nice sex show.  Then I saw a guy standing behind his wife (I suppose) who was on her knees in front of him.  His cock was hard and pointed down toward her behind.  She reached behind her and spread her ass cheeks.  Then in French she called out to him, ‘Baise-moi.’ I watched the anal sex for several minutes before I went on.

“I continued strolling along but now my cock was erect.  

“A short distance from the sex scene I just described I saw a beautiful woman.  I mean astoundingly beautiful.  Her face was … the loveliest I had ever seen.  Her entire body was that of a dream goddess painted a soft tan by the sun’s rays.  Her breasts were neither too small nor too large, but pendulous like those of a woman who had once nursed an infant.  Her legs stretched out, one crossing over the other, to reveal only what she wished to reveal of her hidden treasure where billions of men around the world would swap the rest of their lives for a few minutes she might allow them to worship what she concealed. 

“I stopped in my tracks.  I was no more than a yard in front of her, my cock proudly upright.  In a moment, she became aware of me and my erection.  The beginnings of a little smile played around her lips and then she wet them with her tongue for a moment.  

“Her eyes, initially hidden by fashion sunglasses that she now flipped off, were as blue as the clear water behind me, swept slowly over my entire body, beginning at my own eyes, then slowly downward, taking in my entire physique (often admired by women), focused intently on my erection for a moment before she stared boldly at me.  

“There was a folded blanket beside her, I noticed … and she noticed me doing so.  She looked down at it, then back at me.  Then she threw the blanket toward me. I caught it and after a moment of hesitation, I unfolded it and swept it down on the sand, its front edge positioned just over her own blanket.  I sat down and faced her, my legs crossed to match her own position.

“I realized that if I sat there and waited too long some other dude might come by and steal what I now was sure was to be mine.  But she solved the problem by rising and approaching me, prompting me to stand up.

“She came so close to me that I could detect the mild but delicious fragrance she exuded.  She was a few inches shorter than me and she looked up before her lips touched mine.  It was a big surprise but a very welcome one.  I met her lips with eager gratitude and we kissed on for what seemed to be a very long time.  

“Then I felt her hand weighing my balls and then moving to stroke my urgently erect cock.  She stroked it slowly as her lips left my own and moved to my brow, my cheeks, my ears, my neck.  I reciprocated so far as I could, my cock urging me on as she accompanied her erotic attention to my body by kissing my chest and lightly biting my small nipples.  

“Then she fell to her knees and before I could say anything she began to lick the head of my cock and then run her tongue slowly in and around my entire erect organ.  To me it seemed that my cock was now greater than ever before in my life, that her loving attention to it was making it grow by the second as if to tell her in silent appreciation that from now on and maybe forever my cock was hers to have and to play with again and again in any way she wished.

“Without my asking she lifted the cock and artfully applied her tongue to my swollen heavy balls, looking up at me as she did so.  I remained standing, but my knees were weakening and continued to weaken until I fell before her, disrupting her seemingly unending love affair with my cock and balls.  I fell back upon the blanket.  

“She smiled and pushed me down firmly so that I was lying on my back with my arms stretched out above my head.  How did that happen I wondered? I was shocked by the suddenness of the change but then my momentary view of the sky above us was blocked by her moist folds and her pert clitoris with this enticing intimate area surrounded by neatly trimmed hair.  I didn’t wait to be told what to do.  

“I began to gently lick her thighs, gradually working up to her patient pussy that was awaiting my loving worship.  I gently kissed and sucked her clit before biting it just slightly and then shifting my attention to lick the liquid center of her erotic being.  Then she pressed my head down and sat on my face, her movement, like her earlier kiss, sweeping across by entire gladly captured face, working up from my mouth to my forehead and then back down one cheek and up the other, face-fucking me voraciously.

“She moved further up until the marvel of her sweet anus was poised above my awaiting tongue. I promptly licked around it until I accepted her invitation in the form a her beckoning open rear door.  I began to apply my tongue to the joyous task of darting in and out of that quivering aperture before she began to move up and down slightly as I then compliantly held my tongue still.  She was using me and I wanted to be used because this was all so exciting, all the more so because I didn't know her, at least in one sense, but in another meaning, I was getting to know her well.  I submitted. 

“She moved above me that way for a while before she reversed herself while remaining above me, urging my mouth to drink her now flooding love juices, feeding herself to me, pouring herself down my eager throat.   I might suffocate if she fucked me this way for long but I was long past being concerned with anything but the experience of this incredible woman's uninhibited sexuality.

“But she did release me.  She fell beside me, her back upon the blanket.  For a brief time, I lay beside her and enjoyed the sight of her luscious breasts with their erect nipples before I climbed above her as she opened her thighs to me. 

“Baise-moi, Baise-moi, Baise-moi,” she called out repeatedly.  Her French call to fuck her aroused me beyond all previous arousal.  I commenced the hard sex action she wanted from me.  I fucked her as I had never fucked a woman before, with more energy, more thrust, more and more of crazed repetitive motion finding its reward in ever-increasing lustful fucking.

“Oui, Oui, Oui … Baise-moi, Baise-moi,” she called out, her entire body fucking back up to me to match my rhythmic hard thrusts into her awaiting cunt.  

“Eventually I let my cock have the release it sought, pouring my semen into her hot channel again and again to accompany her own repeated orgasmic spasms until we collapsed.”

Part 2.  We Pause and then the Tale Continues

Mitch stopped as if suddenly aware that he had an audience.  He had been completely immersed in the remembered rapture of that erotic occasion on Cap D’Agde.  

He stared at Annie, ignoring me.  

It came to me that his description of the woman on the beach came near to being a description of Annie.  My young wife was so enticing and beautiful.  Her breasts, now revealed as the last of her blouse buttons had opened, were enough to arouse any man near her.  Studying her now, I felt that Mitch held her in a spell, a sexual spell created by his tale.  But also by his own manly attractiveness to her.  I noticed her rapid breathing, the moisture on her forehead.  Her knee now pressed against my leg firmly and, no doubt, her other knee was doing the same with Mitch.  It was as if she was unconsciously -- or was it consciously? -- beckoning Mitch to her hidden open thighs.  

Was she so entranced by Mitch's tale that she imagined herself with him, like the woman on the beach?  My cock was so hard I don’t think I ever had felt so sexually aroused by my wife's seductively inviting another man to take her.  I wondered about Mitch.  He had bared his powerful bare chest for display to my wife and now his eyes were intently fixed on her aroused breasts.  Was he also entranced by her?  

The pause with its uncertain eventuality lingered in the dim light.  Our drinks were consumed, our glasses empty.  Would Mitch continue?  Would Annie call a halt to it?  And what about me?  Should I intervene in this erotic scene?  If not, where was it going, how would it end?  

Aware now of the lengthening silence, Annie spoke up in her soft voice.  “Mitch, I’m … enjoying … your story.  But I’m not sure you should go on.”

“I’ll leave it to you two,” Mitch said quietly. “To be honest, this is the first time I’ve told anybody about that encounter and I’m re-discovering the incredible feelings I had at that time.  I guess it’s selfish.  I want to relive it all as I put it into words for the first time, like the first draft of a scene in one of my novels."

Annie whispered her reply. “You may not know what your words are doing to me,” she said, confessing her aroused feelings.

Then I spontaneously said something that completely surprised me when I heard it coming out of my mouth.  I can’t explain it.    

“Then Mitch should continue" I said.  "Enjoy it Annie.”

Annie said nothing, not even looking at me.  

In the dim light, my eyes took in the sight of her lovely breasts and I wanted to go to her.  I wanted to caress them and lovingly suck them.  But I did not.    

Mitch probably had the same feelings.  But more than that, he had the chance to put into words the most incredible sexual encounter of his life.  Once again, we became his audience.

And so he continued the Cap D’Agde tale.

“While we rested for a while there on the blankets covering the soft sand, I realized that there had been several onlookers, both men and women.  They were apparently middle-aged but well built.  One of the men grinned at me and gestured for more action.  His companions were laughing and talking in a language that I didn’t recognize.  It was not French, not Italian, not Spanish.  Certainly not German.  Then the same man who had gestured came closer, standing only a foot or so away from the blanket.  I looked up and only then saw a tattoo on his forearm.  When he noticed that I was looking at it, he said in English, “Brazil.”  So, the language was Portuguese. 

“That meant we -- my lovely partner and I engaged in incredible beach sex -- had had some mature Brazilian men and women as our observers.  The woman on the blanket, whose name I did not know despite our bold public intimacy, glanced up and seemed to be studying the brown body of the Brazilian man.  He had an obvious tummy but his semi-erect cock nevertheless seemed to attract her interest. 

“Her eyes met mine.  She probably saw that I was hoping she would not have sex with the Brazilian.  We were strangers and yet I felt close to her and perhaps for some magical reason, she felt that way too.

“Then two other Brazilian men came forward.  Like the first man, they were a bit pot-bellied but had cocks ready for action.  One of the men moved to her other side while the third lay down before her.

“I felt downcast at that point.  My beautiful love encounter, as I now thought of it, was about to terminate.  I would soon be watching her accepting an invitation for a Brazilian gang bang.

“But then, without a glance at them, she waved them away and moved toward me.  

"Once again, he showered by face and body with kisses.

“I was unable to control the rush of erotic feeling that swept my body.  In an almost secretive way, I whispered to her in French, repeatedly conveying to her that I loved her, that I would love her forever.  I told her she was an artist and I was her canvas so she was free to make me into whatever she wanted.  I wanted to become her sexual slave if she wished.  I would consume whatever she offered to me.  And so on.  I felt as if under the spell of some awesome being whose every action would determine the rest of my life.  

“Responsive to these murmurings, she pushed me to the blanket and wrapped her legs around me, sweeping me into her.  My cock entered and exited her by her command as she raised and lowered her lithe body, rocking up and down until it seemed I would always be in this position, accepting whatever her desire. 
