 Her birthday was quickly approaching and he had yet to come up with the perfect present. This was difficult because he continually showers her with gifts, not just on special occasions. But he wanted her birthday to be special. After all the pleasure she had brought him over the past several years, first as one of his favorite dancers, and then as his muse, his lover, his confidant, and his friend. He had already bought a diamond necklace, but he wanted something really special to show her how he felt about her. After thinking long and hard for almost 2 weeks he thought he had finally come up with the perfect gift for her. But he would need help in order to pull it off. He called Dawn to ask for her assistance. They had met Dawn on the flight back from the AdultCon Expo [see chapter 14] and had met with her several times since their return [see chapters 17-19]. When he explained what he had in mind, she told him that she would be glad to help. 

As her birthday approached, he grew more and more excited. Finally when Friday arrived, he told her to pack a bag as he was taking her out of town for her birthday celebration. They were going to be spending the weekend at a 5 star luxury hotel in the heart of downtown Chicago. After picking out appropriate attire for her to pack, he loaded their bags into the car and they sped off to the windy city. It was about 5 hours later when they pulled up to the hotel. The bellman took their bags while they registered. Their room was actually a suite on the thirtieth floor. There were 2 large bedrooms, each with its own master bath. The common living area featured a brick fireplace in the center of the room with the fire visible from 3 sides. The exterior wall was a full bank of windows providing a panoramic view of the majestic Chicago skyline. There was also a small kitchenette off in the corner. After unpacking, they dressed to go out for dinner in the restaurant on the top floor of the hotel. 

She appeared shortly looking exquisite in a tight formfitting black dress, black pumps with 4-inch heels, and a sheer pair of black stockings. Her red hair and fair skin contrasted nicely with the black dress. It was remarkable to him the way she could adapt to any situation. Tonight, with her hair up, she appeared quite elegant. Yet at other times she would appear quite at home in a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt. When they walked into the restaurant, it felt as if all eyes were on her. They were seated in a darkened booth with a view of the skyline. Throughout dinner they teased each other by feeding each other bites of food. Partway through dinner, he felt her stockinged foot begin to rub his crotch underneath the table. He let her continue for several minutes before he announced that he had a present for her. He then reached in his pocket and pulled out a long thin beautifully wrapped package. When she opened the box, tears began to form in her eyes as she looked at the diamond necklace. He took the necklace from the box and gently placed it around her neck, fastening it in the back. The necklace looked beautiful accenting her neckline with her hair up as it was now. She kissed him as she thanked him for the lovely necklace. He then told her that she had another present coming, but it wasn't time for it yet. When they finished their dinner, they passed on dessert. Opting instead to return to the room. It was exactly 9:30 when he swiped his key card through the door and opened the door for her. As she walked in the suite, she noticed at once that there was now a roaring fire in the fireplace and several feet from the fireplace was a bottle of champagne being chilled. As she stepped closer, she also noticed a bowl of strawberries and whipped cream beside the champagne. Obviously he had prearranged this with the hotel. 

He walked up behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders. When he asked if she was happy, she told him that she was more than just happy. He then removed the clips from her hair and let it cascade over her shoulders. He then slowly unzipped her dress. As the zipper moved down her spine it sent a shiver through her. As the dress fell around her feet, she was left standing wearing only her shoes, stockings, and the necklace. He held her hands as she lay down on the floor in front of the fireplace. He then bent down by her side and removed her shoes. He placed her dress and shoes far away and then removed his own clothes. As he joined her on the floor, he poured them each a glass of champagne and then toasted her birthday. She was lying on her side looking at the fire while he too was lying on his side pressed up behind her. They took turns feeding each other the strawberries dipped in whipped cream. Occasionally some whipped cream would "accidentally" drop onto her breast and he would lick it off as a courtesy. As he stroked her arm, he proposed another toast to the birthday girl, "To this moment and the moment yet to come."

He then lay on his back and pulled her on top of him. His dick was already hard from being pressed against her behind, so she inched herself down on his manhood. While he laid back, he let her ride him for several minutes. Then he pulled her down to him so he could kiss her. When he told her it was time for her other present, she noticed a reflection in the large windows. There was what appeared to be a naked man standing behind her. She turned her head and saw that there was indeed a naked man standing there. As he told the redhead happy birthday, she recognized the man as being Alan, Dawn's boyfriend from the airplane. She looked down at her guy beneath her with a questioning look on her face. He told her that he knew she had always wanted to try this, so he had decided to make it happen. Before he could say anything else, she mouthed the words "Thank You" to him just before she kissed him. 

As she was leaning forward kissing her guy, Alan stepped toward them and squirted some lubricant on his dick and then on her puckered asshole. Alan then moved into position over the couple and slowly began working his cock into the redhead's ass. Anal sex was definitely nothing new to her, but this was the first time she had ever had a hard cock in her pussy and ass at the same time. Once Alan was fully in her ass, the two men began to work up a rhythm between them. One that would hopefully bring the redhead the most pleasure. 

She had already had a small orgasm when Alan had first entered her ass. Now she was nearing her second as the two men continued their thrusting. Sensing she was about to cum, her guy altered his rhythm so they were both thrusting into her at the same time. After several more thrusts, she had one of her earth-shattering climaxes. This triggered both of the men to cum simultaneously. Her orgasm lasted 2 solid minutes. Then Alan pulled out of her ass and she rolled off of her guy. As she lay there, her guy kissed her and asked her how it was. She smiled at him and told him it had been incredible. She then noticed a movement out of the corner of her eye and when she looked over, she saw Dawn standing there holding a video camera. When the redhead realized that Dawn had been involved in arranging this, she ran over to her and gave her a big hug. It was surprisingly erotic watching the two women hug, even though Dawn was fully clothed, and rather conservatively at that. 

Alan had just returned from washing in the bathroom as Dawn began to tell the redhead how they had set it all up. While the birthday girl and her guy were having dinner, Dawn and Alan had let themselves into the suite where they set out the champagne, strawberries and whipped cream. Then, at the prearranged time, 9:30, they had hidden in the other bedroom until it was time for Alan to make his presence known. 

The redhead then suggested that Dawn get naked, since everyone else was. But Dawn declined, saying that this was the redhead's birthday. The redhead then decided to make the most of the situation and moved in front of the two men. As she did, Dawn picked up the camera and again began filming the festivities. The redhead then took a dick in each hand and began stroking them back to their previously excited states. She then alternated back and forth from sucking one dick to sucking the other. When her guy was fully erect, he moved behind her and began fucking her doggie style while she continued to suck Alan's dick. As he thrust into her, he reached beneath them and played with her clit, bringing her to another birthday orgasm. He then leaned over her and whispered into her ear, asking if she was ready to fulfill another one of her fantasies. She didn't know what he was referring to but she said yes anyway. 

With that, he wrapped his arms around her and rolled onto his back while keeping his dick ensconced in her pussy. Alan then rose to his knees and moved toward the redhead. As he inched toward her, she realized what fantasy of hers they were about to fulfill. She was about to experience the ultimate double penetration, being screwed by two dicks in her pussy at the same time, and have it recorded on tape as well. It took a little effort for Alan to get his penis inside her alongside the other, but between her natural lubrication and the cum from previously, his dick was soon fully inserted into her pussy. Dawn began to circle the trio, making sure to capture the action on video from many angles and with many close-ups. With his knees bent, Alan leaned back with his hands behind him while her guy did the same. The redhead was now in a vertical position, impaled on both of their hard cocks. With her pussy stretched to its limits with two hard cocks inside her, she was certain she could even feel the blood pulsing through their penises. As she knelt there reveling in her pleasure, she caught a glimpse of herself in the reflection in the glass. Just seeing herself like this triggered her next orgasm. As that orgasm subsided, she knew what she needed now. She wanted them both to cum inside her, together. She began riding up and down slightly, taking care not to raise up far enough that one of their dicks would fall out. It didn't take long before she was nearing another orgasm, luckily, so were the two guys. Alan started to cum first, followed quickly by the redhead and then her guy. 

As the redhead climbed off the two guys she lay down on her back with a very blissful look on her face. Dawn had caught every orgasmic moment on tape for them to enjoy later and was about to turn off the camera after fading out with the redhead's face ending the scene, but then she panned the camera down to the redhead's pussy. As she focus on the well-fucked pussy, the men's cum began flowing out. Dawn then handed the camera to Alan and then she knelt down between the redhead's legs. She began licking the cum from the redhead's cunt while Alan continued to tape the action. The redhead's guy was now lying beside her and holding her while watching Dawn lick his and Alan's seed from the redhead's pussy. When she had cleaned the last drop of cum from the redhead's pussy, Dawn crawled over top of the redhead and opened her mouth slightly, letting some cum drip down into the redhead's open mouth. They then kissed and shared whatever cum Dawn hadn't already swallowed. When they had finished their cum-filled kiss, Alan put the camera down (still running) on the brick mantle by the fireplace. He then began removing Dawn's clothes. 

Watching the two women share his cum had gotten the redhead's guy hard again. Dawn began licking his dick as Alan was undressing her. As soon as Dawn was naked, Alan got behind her and shoved his hard dick into her from behind. Dawn didn't miss a beat as she continued to lick the other guy's penis and testicles. It didn't take long before Alan came in Dawn. He then pulled out and collapsed back on the carpeted floor in exhaustion. The redhead, having regained some energy, decided it would only be right if she now licked the cum from Dawn's pussy. So that's just what she did. As Dawn sucked the redhead's guy to his next climax, the redhead proceeded to lick Alan's cum from Dawn's pussy. When he came in Dawn's mouth, Dawn didn't swallow it, but instead turned around and kissed the redhead. Again they shared the cum of both their men. 

At this point everyone was pretty well worn out for now. So they all sat back and shared what was left of the champagne and strawberries. The redhead was curled in her guy's arms and she kissed and again thanked him and their friends for making her fantasies come true. She then asked when Dawn and Alan had to leave. They looked at each other before turning back to her and smiling. Her guy then informed her that they were staying for the weekend. He had arranged for them to stay in the other bedroom of their suite. She smiled, first at her guy, and then at their friends. Then she told them that this was going to be her best birthday ever. They all lounged around the roaring fire for another hour before retiring to their own bedrooms for the night. 

The next morning the four of them went sightseeing. They started on the outskirts of Chicago, touring the office of architect Frank Lloyd Wright. By noon they were wandering through the free Lincoln Park Zoo. In the afternoon, they all headed downtown for some shopping along Michigan Avenue. At one point, the men separated from their ladies and went on their own little shopping excursion. When they all met up again, they went back to the hotel to drop off their purchases before going out for dinner. 

Following dinner they all returned to the hotel suite. After pouring them each a glass of champagne, the redhead's guy announced that there were more presents for her tonight. He then told her that there were several numbered packages waiting in the bedroom for her. He instructed her to open only the first package, put on whatever is inside, and return and model it for them. The redhead quickly got up and ran to the bedroom. While she was away, her guy took the time to setup the video camera on a tripod so he could record her birthday fashion show. 

The first outfit she returned wearing was a sleeveless white top, with a black net top that bared one shoulder, and a pair of black hip-hugger slacks that looked as if they were molded to her body. He had her walk back and forth several times, turning, and posing so that her audience could appreciate her new wardrobe. He then sent her to change into outfit number 2. 

The second outfit was sleepwear. It was a short babydoll nightie in sheer black material that did little to hide the beautiful body beneath it. He had included a matching pair of black panties and a pair of black pumps with marabou trim. The redhead found walking back and forth modeling for her friends to be very exciting. She was already feeling that certain "itch" between her legs. But she knew that her guy would see to it that she was satisfied tonight. After prancing around in the nightie for a few minutes, she had some more champagne before he sent her back to change into outfit number 3. 

The third time she appeared, she was in a white lace bustier, a white thong, a white garter belt attached to a pair of white stockings, and a pair of sexy white pumps. After modeling this outfit as she had the rest, the redhead was instructed to change into the final outfit. This time however, Alan informed Dawn that she too had an outfit to model. 

Dawn was so anxious to see what Alan had bought her that she ran to their bedroom. When she got to the bedroom, she found a large box on the bed. After removing the ribbon, she lifted the top off the box to reveal its contents. Inside was a smaller box with a note instructing her to bring it with her when she returned to the other room. Besides the smaller box was the wardrobe that she was to model. She quickly stripped out of her clothes so she could dress for her fashion show. 

It took a little longer before the redhead returned this time. When she did, the reason was quite evident. Her fourth outfit was a tight black leather corset with a zipper up the side. The top of the corset lifted and separated her breasts but did not cover them. The corset also came down between her legs and covered her pussy while leaving her hips exposed. Her feet, or rather legs, were encased in a pair of black thigh-high leather boots, with 4-inch stiletto heels. Her hands and forearms were adorned with shiny black leather gloves that came to just below her elbows. As she turned, it was revealed that the lower portion of the corset exposed the cheeks of her ass completely. As she made her way across the room for the second time, Dawn emerged from the other bedroom carrying the box in front of her. Alan told her to set the box on the floor and model her outfit for them. 

Dawn was wearing, if you could call it that, a black leather harness that went from neck to crotch and encircled her breasts while leaving them completely exposed. The bra had two round holes through which her breasts were stuffed. The lower portion consisted of a very small diamond shaped piece of leather that barely covered her pussy. Her feet were bare except for the fur-lined cuff around each ankle. A matching set of cuffs was on her wrists. Around her neck was a tight leather collar with silver diamond-shaped studs. As Dawn made several passes back and forth in the front of the room, the redhead stood against one wall and observed. 

The next time Dawn reached the opposite wall and turned, they both walked toward each other and passed in the center of the room before turning and posing. It was almost as if they had choreographed it. 

With the modeling portion of the evening concluded, it was now time for the games to begin. Alan instructed Dawn to fetch the unopened box for her mistress. She quickly brought it from the wall and placed it at the redhead's feet. The redhead then bent down to open it. After looking inside, she first removed a three-foot long spreader bar that had two hooks near each end and one at the center. She moved behind where Dawn was kneeling and fastened her ankle cuffs to one of the hooks on each end. This now had Dawn's feet spread 3 feet apart. Next the redhead pushed Dawn forward, pulled her arms behind her, and attached each wrist to the other end hooks. 

Dawn was now laying face down on the floor, with her hands pulled back and secured to her ankles, with her naked breasts rubbing against the carpet. The redhead returned to the box where she removed a length of chain. This she attached between the center hook of the bar and a hook on the back of the collar that Dawn was wearing. The length of chain had been chosen such that she would have to hold her head back to relieve any pressure. 

Returning to the box, the redhead removed a red rubber ball gag that she then inserted into Dawn's mouth and fastened around the back of her head. Another trip to the box resulted in a pair of nipple clamps attached with a chain. The redhead rolled Dawn onto her side and fastened each clamp tightly onto her nipples. She then rolled Dawn back so the nipple clamps would rub on the carpet with every move that she made. With a quick pull of the bows on either side of the leather panty, the miniscule piece of fabric fell away. 

Returning to the box, the redhead removed a harness with a dildo attached. Once she had strapped on the harness, she crawled under Dawn and began lapping at her naked pussy. With each lick, Dawn would shift slightly, sending a small jolt of pain through her nipples. The redhead then slid out from underneath Dawn and positioned herself behind her. As she slowly inserted the dildo into Dawn from behind, Dawn's sensitive nipples were pushed even harder into the carpet. Dawn's muffled moans of pain were somewhat audible around the ballgag in her mouth. As the redhead began thrusting the dildo completely into her, tears were running down Dawn's face. These were tears of both pain and of joy. Within a few minutes, Dawn experienced her first orgasm of the night. The redhead removed the ballgag from Dawn's mouth before herself stepping out of the dildo harness. 
