 The spa was empty when I emerged from the swimming pool. I quickly relaxed and shrugged off the pressures of another day in the warm bubbling water. With my eyes closed my mind wandered over the previous week and the weekend about to begin.

I opened my eyes at the sound of voices. Two women were stepping into the spa across from me. The blonde with the very short bobbed hair and pale smooth skin was wearing a skimpy bikini. Her breasts were medium sized and appeared firm, the nipples showing through the sheer material. Her companion is shorter, a slim body covered by a black one piece that rides high on her hips. Her hair is black and very long, almost reaching her waist, her skin a dark tanned bronze. 

They slip into the water and move to one side, near where I lay. They relax in the foam and chat idly about their work and their boyfriends. I have closed my eyes but continue to listen as they talk. The dark haired girl's name is Claire, her companion's Julie. Their voices drop in volume slightly, and by straining slightly I realise that they are talking about sex.

Julie tells Claire that her boyfriend, Steve, doesn't seem to enjoy going down on her, and that as a result it takes her a while before she comes. She adds that when she does finally come its not really that much of a release, sometimes leaving her more frustrated than before they started. Claire responds by asking Julie if she has ever experienced an orgasm at the hands of a woman. There is a total silence, punctured only by the sound of the spa jets and splashing water. I feel a tingle between my legs. I cautiously open one eye to confirm they are both still there. Julie looks slightly embarrassed but is smiling.

'No I haven't,' she responds. "In fact I've only been with one other man other than Steve.' Claire shakes her head in disapproval. 

'When someone goes down on you it should be great. When a women goes down on you it should be heaven.'

'Have you been with another woman?' Julie asks. Claire nods. Apart from Geoff, I regularly sleep with a girlfriend I've known for a couple of years. A woman is different, more sensitive and definitely more understanding of another woman's desires. You should try it sometime.'

Another silence. I open my eyes and see that they are kissing. Claire is in front of Julie, their lips lightly touching, eyes closed. Julie leans her head back and Claire gently slides her mouth down onto the throat exposed to her. Her tongue slides across Julie's creamy skin, down to her breasts, the tops of which are above the water. Claire's eyes open and meet mine. She pauses, but I mouth at her not to stop. 

She eases Julie up so that her breasts are clear of the water and begins kissing the flesh exposed by the skimpy material. Julie's nipples are hard, protruding clearly. I slowly move towards them as Claire gently strokes one nipple then the other with her tongue. Julie moans in pleasure. I move next to Claire, and my thighs touch hers under the water. Claire moves to one side and then deftly slips Julie's top off, revealing her perfect breasts with small pink nipples. I can feel my nipples pushing strongly against the fabric of my swimsuit.

Together we begin touching, stroking and kissing Julie's breasts and neck. At my first touch she gasps and opens her eyes. She is too excited to say anything and watches as I gently suck her nipple into my mouth. Claire moves Julie onto the edge of the spa, removing her bikini bottoms as she does. At once she is between her legs, her tongue searching below the blonde hair for Julie's clit. Julie softly shrieks in pleasure and spreads her legs widely. I watch as Claire's tongue flicks up and down across the clit, then slips into her pussy. I kiss Julie, her mouth soft and yielding, her tongue small and soft against mine. 

Julie comes, her body jerking in spasms as the orgasm rolls through her. She begins to kiss me more positively as she regains control, and then I feel a hand on my thigh. Claire is behindme, pressing her body against mine, her hands roaming across my behind, up my back and around the front to cup my breasts. Julie helps her remove my swimsuit, her own hands exploring my breasts, gently pinching and squeezing the hard nipples.

Claire turns me so that I face her, resting against the wall of the spa. She takes me in her arms and we kiss passionately, her tongue invading my mouth, a hard hot pointed snake. She forces her leg between my thighs and rubs it against my clit. My body tingles with excitement. Julie is back in the water, next to me. The three of us kiss, tongues entwined, hands roaming freely. Claire is now naked, her small firm breasts with their chocolate brown nipples in my hands, then my mouth.

Claire lifts my legs onto her shoulders, kneeling in the spa. I am forced to hold the sides to avoid slipping under the water. Julie puts an arm under me and begins to lick my neck, mouth and breasts. Claire's tongue pushes into me like a man's cock, hard and long. I thrust back against her mouth. Her tongue searches for my clit and she alternates between sucking it and flicking it with the tip of her tongue. I come violently, only saved from drowning by Julie's supporting arms. 

We are suddenly aware of a fourth presence and open my eyes to see him. He is tall and muscular, his body pumped up after a heavy session in the gym. His dark hair falls below his shoulders in ringlets. His skin is a deep brown. The head of his erect cock protrudes from below the water. Claire slides from between my legs and he replaces her. His strong hands grip my thighs and he allows Claire's hand to guide him into my pussy. He slowly strokes in and out, each thrust rubbing my clit. Claire and Julie caress my body with one hand and his body with the other. He begins to increase his pace, building my excitement as he does so. Julie moves next to him and licks his chest, her pale skin contrasting with his deep tan.

Julie kisses him, their tongues visibly entwining. Claire slides down my body and begins to flick my clit in rhythm with his stokes. I come again, thrusting down on his cock in ecstasy. 

He slips out of me and I collapse against the spa wall. Julie and Claire move to him and begin to lick his cock. He sits next to me to give them access and begins to kiss me passionately. His hands fondle my breasts as the two women run their tongues up and down his shaft and gently suck on the head. Then Julie slides his entire length into her mouth and throat. He moans and tenses his body. I slide back into the water and join them and the three of us alternately lick and suck him. Finally he announces that his is about to come, wraps his hand around his shaft and begins to pull himself. His come sprays across our faces and upper bodies, hot and sticky. His come is intense and long. Finally he stops and slips into the water. He kisses each of us gently, then leaves without a word. 'Yum,' is all I can say.

Claire sits on the side of the spa and Julie slides between her legs to taste her first woman. I allow my tongue to guide Julie's, moving to Claire's slit and gently into her pussy. She is very wet, the excitement of going down on both Julie and I is very obvious. Julie is soon using her tongue like an expert, Claire enjoying the experience with her head thrown back and eyes closed. She comes strongly in one long contraction. Claire leans forward and kisses each of us in turn to say thanks. Then they leave, and I return to my spot at the edge of the spa. The water massages my body. I feel very relaxed, satisfied and ready for the weekend ahead.