 I awoke the next morning alone in the bed, to the smell of breakfast cooking and the sound of water running in the shower. The morning light streaming through the closed window blinds made it clear the sun was fully up.

I threw the covers off my naked body, the dried juices of my wife and Stacy causing my cock to cling to my body temporarily. I adjusted myself and walked into the bathroom. I was greeted by a warm puff of steam and the sight of Stacy's hard, athletic body shimmering with soapy water as she lathered herself up in the shower.

Entranced by the petite blonde for a moment, my cock began to swell as Stacy lathered up her long, slender, sexy legs with luxurious foam and pulled the razor slowly and methodically over them. About that time, she turned and noticed me, her eyes darting from my face to my half-erect cock. She smiled and motioned for me to join her.

I slid open the shower door and entered the warm, steamy shower, the cascade of water falling over both our bodies as Stacy continued to shave her incredibly sexy legs. I slid up behind her, wrapping my arms around her midsection and pushing my cock up against her firm buttocks.

Stacy giggled and turned her head to kiss me, her lips tenderly embracing mine, before parting to allow our tongues to dance as the hot water dripped over our bodies. My cock sprang to full attention again as our lips locked, my hands roaming up to caress her small, perky tits.

"Good morning" Stacy cooed, reaching back to tease my cock with the slightest touch.

"It sure is," I replied.

Stacy finished shaving her legs and turned to face me, her perfect body dripping with hot soapy water. She lathered up a shower poof and began to wash me, rubbing the foam over my chest, arms and stomach. Gently she began caressing my chest, rubbing my nipples with her fingers and stroking down my belly and covering my hard cock in soapy foam.

Stacy reached up to the shelf and pulled down a can of shaving cream. She emptied a small amount into her hand before lathering it all over my crotch, teasing my cock and balls in the process.

"Just what do you think you're doing?" I asked with an uncertain smile on my face.

"Just relax," she replied. "I want to see you shaved. Bald, like me."

Who was I to argue with this petite sex-machine? With gentle, delicate strokes Stacy shaved my crotch, each stroke sending a warm, tingling sensation through my pubic area. After she had cleaned off all the foam (and in the process, my pubes) she lathered me up again, this time making a final pass against the grain, leaving the soft skin completely exposed.

As she rinsed my naked cock and balls with warm water, I could feel an unfamiliar heat building in my groin. My cock practically pulsed with every heartbeat.

"Mmmmm, sooooo sexy" Stacy commented as she teased the baby-soft skin, running a finger delicately up the base of my shaft, stroking softly up and down. She grasped my cock with a soft grip, her other hand teasing my freshly-shaved balls. Up and down she stroked, just barely hard enough for me to feel it, causing an almost-tickling sensation to run up my shaft.

I was so horny I could hardly stand it. My cock looked absolutely huge with my pubic hair gone and harder than it had ever been due to the warm water and attentions of the athletic blonde. Fortunately, Stacy didn't torture me for much longer, kneeling in front of me and taking my swollen prick into her mouth. The wetness of her mouth enveloped me slowly, her tongue working magic on the head as she licked hungrily around the tip and underneath the swollen ridge of my cock. She slid her silky tongue down the length of my shaft before lapping at my now-smooth balls, each stroke sending a spasm of pleasure through my body. Her hand began stroking my cock in time with her tongue's action of my balls before she took one into her mouth completely, just as she had seen my wife do last night. Damn, she learned fast! She was even better at this than my wife was, although it's hard to say if it was really because of something she did, the novelty of having my balls shaved, or both.

My ball popped out of her mouth and she wasted no time getting my prick to take its place. She sucked my cock deep and hard, thrusting it in and out of her mouth with enthusiasm, grasping the base firmly with her hands.

She was moaning with every thrust, clearly enjoying herself nearly as much as I was. "Your cock feels so good in my mouth," she gasped between thrusts, only pulling it out long enough to breathe before devouring it again. I thought I was going to blow my load right down her throat when she stopped, standing up and kissing me fiercely. "My turn," she said, pushing down on my shoulders to reinforce the notion.

I knelt down in front of her, the hot water splashing over us. Stacy spread her legs just past shoulder-width apart and guided my head to her smooth, glistening snatch. She was already sopping wet, obviously turned on from sucking my cock. I teased her gently at first, kissing up her inner thigh, licking and nibbling at the outer folds of her sex. My fingers began to stroke her pubic area, ever so slowly heading toward her swollen clit. With a soft kiss on her cunt lips, I gently parted them with my fingers and began lapping up her sweet nectar. My thumb began working tiny circles at the top of her sex, teasing her clit in time with my tongue. 

I began to work her harder and faster, putting more pressure on her clit and aggressively licking her pussy like it was the most delicious thing on the planet. At that time, it probably was.

Her juices were dribbling down my chin, washed quickly away by the spray of the shower head, her heads running through my hair as she arched her back in pleasure. She pushed my head towards her pelvis, grinding her pussy on my face as my hand worked her clit and my tongue danced between the folds of her eager snatch.

I plunged my thumb deep into her as my tongue lapped harder and faster, finger fucking her and eating her sweet pussy simultaneously, causing her to cry out in pleasure.

"OH YES!!" she moaned. "PLEASE DON'T STOP!"

I wasn't about to stop. The only thing on my mind at that moment was eating and fingering her delicious pussy. I pulled my thumb out, replacing it instantly with two fingers, stroking her pussy hard and fast, never stopping my constant oral assault on her lips.

"AHHHHHH, OOOOHHHHHH, MMMMMMM, YES! YES! YES! OOOHHHHHHH" Stacy screamed as she came, a small rush of juices flooding my face, her hips grinding my face with all their might.

After what felt like 5 minutes of solid orgasm, Stacy finally released my head and pulled me up, kissing me deeply and licking her juices off my face.

"Very good morning," she beamed at me. Her hands went to my cock, determined to finish the job when we heard a call from below.

"Hey, you two! Breakfast!" my wife called from the kitchen.

I groaned as her hands fell away from my cock.

"Don't worry," Stacy said, kissing me deeply, "I owe you one, and I always pay my debts. With interest." She shut off the water and handed me a towel. All I could do was stand there, dumbfounded with a raging hard-on as the tiny blonde dried herself off.

With a sigh, I quickly toweled my self dry taking the time to stroke my newly shaved area. The skin was incredibly soft and smooth, and warm to the touch. It made me feel incredibly sexy, like a porn star.

I threw on my robe and headed downstairs with Stacy on my arm, her dressed in a pair of my boxers and a t-shirt. We turned the corner and headed into the kitchen, greeted by my wife, wearing her light pink robe.

"Good morning," she smiled, reaching to embrace both of us. She greeted me with a deep kiss, before sharing one with Stacy as well. "Breakfast is ready," she motioned to the table, where a feast of pancakes, toast and bacon was all laid out.

The three of us sat down to breakfast at the small table, all of us starving from all the energy we expended last night. The pancakes were hot and moist, covered in sweet, sticky syrup and the bacon was perfectly crisp.

"I hope you had enough hot water this morning, Stacy," my wife said with a quizzical look in her eye, "You were in there for quite a while."

"Oh, yeah," Stacy chimed back. "I had more than enough." She looked over at me with a warm smile then back to my wife.

"Well, I hope you didn't use it all up," my wife replied. "I'm going to need some of that here pretty soon."

Why did I get the feeling they weren't talking about hot water.

"Pass the bacon, would you, hon?" I interrupted.

As she handed the plate over, I felt her foot slide up against my leg under the table, running up and down in short strokes. Her eyes met mine and I suddenly forgot about being hungry, at least for food. My cock was still aching for release and the look in her eyes sent the blood rushing to my loins again.

I dropped the plate of bacon as my wife's other hand began working its way up my leg, pushing aside the folds of my bath robe. As she teased my thigh, her other hand pulled my face toward her and her hand found my prick just as our lips locked in a wet kiss. As she stroked slowly up and down my hard shaft, she pulled back with a confused look.

"What's up with this?" she said, patting my freshly-shaved genitals.

"Well..." I began.

"That was my idea, I hope you don't mind" Stacy said, standing up. The outline of her nipples was visible through the fabric of her t-shirt and she sauntered over behind me, placing her hands on my chest, underneath the soft fabric of my robe. She kissed gently at the back of my neck as her hands roamed across my chest.

"No, I don't mind, but I'd like to see it," my wife said. "So, let's have it. Off with the robe!"

Stacy's hands pushed my robe wide open, exposing my naked cock and balls to the cool kitchen air. My cock began to leak pre-cum, the slick clear liquid dribbling down the head. Stacy's fingers spread my juice over the entire head, making small, gentle circles before licking the excess off her fingers.

"What do you think?" Stacy asked.

"Hmmm, well, it IS pretty sexy," my wife responded. Her hands roamed gently over my cock and balls, relishing the smooth, soft skin. "You did a very good job, Stacy. Come over here and let me thank you properly."

The two women met up and locked lips, their hands roaming over each other's bodies. My wife's hands slipped quickly under Stacy's t-shirt, caressing her smooth, sexy back before pulling the shirt over the athletic blonde's head. Stacy's nipples stood erect in the kitchen air as my wife's hand slid over them, tweaking first one, then the other. My wife broke the kiss, her lips travelling down Stacy's slim neck, kissing to her collarbone, her shoulder and down to Stacy's perky little tits. My wife's lips locked onto a perfectly pink nipples, sucking at it eagerly, much to Stacy's pleasure. Her hands rummaged lovingly through my wife's curly red hair, her eyes closed in ecstasy as my wife licked her nipples.

"Hey, hon," my wife said as she released Stacy's nipple, "clear the table, would you?" Without another word she dove right back into pleasuring our guest, caressing one breast with a hand while returning her lips to the other.

I quickly gathered up the plates, recklessly piling them in the sink, not wanting to miss any of the hot girl action behind me. My wife's hand had slid down the front of Stacy's boxer shorts, her fingers digging for that sweet cunt. When Stacy moaned, I was pretty sure my wife had struck gold. When Stacy pulled her boxers off, my suspicion was confirmed. My wife had two fingers buried into her slippery wet cunt as she licked and sucked at a succulent nipple. Stacy moaned low and rolled her head back as my wife pleasured her.

My wife guided Stacy to the table and laid her on it, spreading her legs apart gently. Their eyes met as my wife's wet tongue danced up the blonde's long, slender legs, inching toward her dripping cunt. Stacy began to rub her nipples in small circles and my wife's lips teased all around her sweet pussy.

Not wanting to be left out, I grabbed the bottle of syrup off the counter and snuck over to the table. I drizzled a thin line of the thick, sticky syrup over Stacy's breasts, to the giggling amusement of my wife. Bending down to kiss her, my mouth quickly found the syrup line, licking at it in quick laps. My tongue traced the syrup all around the athletic body of our guest, circling her nipples until at last I was there. Taking the tip in my mouth, I bit down slightly and Stacy jumped in a mixture of pleasure and pain. The smile on her face told me it was more pleasure. I sucked her tit into my mouth, rolling my tongue around the outline of her areola and flicking it across her nipple.

Meanwhile, I could see my wife's face buried in her snatch. I knew from earlier just how wonderful Stacy tasted, I was almost jealous of my wife. As I stood up to grab the syrup again, Stacy reached out to stroke my cock, wasting no time in guiding it to her mouth. That silky tongue went to work again, sending pleasure up my spine. I loved the sight of my dick disappearing into her eager mouth almost as much as I loved the image of my wife eating pussy. Judging from Stacy's moans, she was doing a pretty good job.

As much as I was enjoying Stacy's cocksucking, my wife was still wearing her robe, and the only pleasure she was getting was the delicious flavor of Stacy's sweet nectar. I reluctantly pulled my member from Stacy's mouth and walked around behind my wife, who was bent over the table with her face still in the warm, rich folds of Stacy's snatch. Caressing her beautiful, round ass from behind, I reached a hand into her robe to grasp one of her massive mounds. Her large nipples were standing at attention and as let out a brief squeak of pleasure as I pinched it between my thumb and forefinger. I pushed open the pink robe and brought my other hand around to trace down her abdomen, stroking gently past her navel as my other hand worked away at her large breast. My fingers danced through the small, trimmed triangle of pubic hair my wife kept before I found her inviting wetness. I began teasing her clit with small, slow circles as I licked and kissed at the back of her neck.

I slid the robe down her arms and let it drop to the floor, exposing her beautiful back and ass to me. My hands roamed eagerly over her flawless skin, cupping her ass with both hands before gently spreading her legs apart.

I positioned my throbbing cock at the entrance to her womanhood, her juices dripping as she continued to suck away at Stacy's cunt. With a quick thrust I entered her, sending a jolt through her and causing her to look up from the Stacy's pussy for just a minute. As she dove back in, I began to pound her pussy hard and fast from behind, my hips smacking against her ass in a steady rhythmic fashion. The table began to slide across the floor with every thrust until it bumped up against the wall, steadying us for a time.

It didn't last long, as Stacy began to buck her hips, another orgasm brewing within her. I picked up the pace of my thrusts, fucking my wife harder and faster than ever before. Finally, the small table gave out as one of the front legs snapped with a ferocious crack. Stacy screamed, climaxing hard as the adrenaline rush of falling ran through her. She sild down the table, towards my wife, her body glistening with sweat and cunt juice. Fortunately, my wife was there to catch her in a tender embrace, steadying the young blonde as she came down in wave after wave of orgasmic bliss.

I pulled my cock out of my wife and helped steady the girls. "Are you alright?" I asked.

"Yeah, I think so," Stacy replied.

"Perhaps we should move to the living room," my wife suggested.

Without waiting for a reply, my wife grabbed my cock in one hand and Stacy's hand in the other and led us to the living room. She pushed the coffee table out of the way and laid down on the area rug, rubbing her dripping pussy with her left hand.

"I want you inside me," she moaned to me.

I quickly laid down with her, sliding my cock back into her aching cunt, slowly building up to a sweet lovemaking pace. She grasped one of the large tits and guided it to my mouth. I knew she was close. She loved to have her tits sucked as she came. Stacy must have sensed it too, as she laid down beside us and began sucking away at the other nipple. 

"Ahh, yes, oh, oh, yeah, mmm," my wife stammered as I pumped harder at her pussy. Suddenly, I erupted in a fierce orgasm, shooting load after load of hot, sticky cum deep into my wife, which sent her over the edge. She grasped my head hard, locking it to her breast as she bucked her hips in time with her orgasmic spasms. Finally, when my cock had emptied itself and my wife released her stranglehold on us, I looked into her eyes and saw the utter contentment that I knew meant she was satisfied. For now.