 It had been quite a while since they had gone on a vacation. He decided that this would be a perfect opportunity for he and the redhead to get away for a little relaxation. Their time had recently been devoted to getting their business launched. 

He had learned to ski many years ago when he went to Denver on business. Since then he had returned to Denver for a couple of ski outings. Unfortunately, Michigan weather had not been very cooperative for skiers the past few years. The redhead on the other hand had never been skiing, so this would be a new experience for her. He had learned long ago that there weren't many things that you could say that about with her. 

When they arrived in Denver, the weather was a comfortable 65 degrees. After a one hour drive they arrived at the ski resort. The main lodge was a huge building with a rustic log cabin appearance. On the main floor there were a restaurant, a bar, and a large lobby area with many fireplaces and couches. The second and third floors housed the guest accommodations. Their room on the third floor faced the slopes and provided them with a beautiful scenic view of the mountains. On the balcony, there was a large redwood hot tub. 

After unpacking their bags, they sat in their room holding each other as they watched the sun set behind the mountains. They would have to wait for tomorrow before they went skiing. After unwinding in each other's company for a while longer, they went down to dinner in the restaurant. There was a small dance floor that they took advantage of after their meal. As they danced in each other's arms, they could both feel the passion between them rising. They decided to adjourn to their room. 

As soon as they entered their door, they were frantically undressing each other. Clothes were strewn about the floor leaving a path from the door to the bedroom. Once in the bedroom they threw each other to the bed with the redhead landing on top of him. She pressed her mouth tightly against his with an unbridled urgency. As they explored each other's mouths with their tongues, his hands lightly danced over the redhead's naked body. Knowing her so well he knew just what spots to concentrate on. When he would hit one, her breathing changed and he knew he had just the right spot. As he continued to tease her body, she traced his ear with her tongue before lightly nipping at it with her teeth. Her kisses then continued down his neck. He then tossed the redhead over onto her back as he moved between her legs. After lightly kissing the inside of her thighs, he inched his way closer and closer to her pussy. He could almost see it throb in excitement as he neared. When his tongue first flicked her clit, she gasped. After a few more satisfying licks, he slid up beside her and kissed her. At the same time his fingers had begun to explore her pussy. He slowly worked one and then a second finger inside her. Thrusting his fingers in and out rapidly he curled the tips up to stimulate her g-spot. Her face now contorted in pleasure as he continued to work her g-spot. As she began to cum, she told him to stop. But he didn't. He continued fingering her, wanting her to continue experiencing wave after wave of pleasure. Sweat was now pouring out of every pore of her body, giving it a sexy shine in the flickering light of the fireplace. She had been climaxing continuously for 2 minutes when she seemed to climb to a new level of pleasure. She grabbed him and buried her head in his shoulder at the start of this orgasm. She then began to ejaculate, coating his whole hand with her fluids as her legs tightly gripped his hand and held it in place. They stayed this way, almost motionless, for five minutes until her orgasm finally subsided. When she released him, she kissed him passionately thanking him for the pleasure he had given her. She was totally exhausted now and fell asleep in his arms. 

The next morning he was anxious to get her on the slopes, so they showered quickly. The weather was comfortable and the scenery breathtaking. He began by taking her to the bunny slope. This was very appropriate as in the new ski outfit he had bought her, she looked like a cross between a cute redheaded bunny and a sexy Playboy bunny. On the gentle slope he took her through the fundamentals, from learning to fasten and release her bindings, to learning how to stand up on a hill without sliding down. Then he taught her how to snowplow with her skis to slow down or stop. She was surprised at how easy she was picking this up. While teaching how to turn, they took several tumbles together down the small slope. As they landed on each other, this wasn't really a bad thing. Before long she had the knack of turning and was anxious to try something a little larger. He briefed her on how to mount a chair lift and let her watch as other people got on before they made their way to the line for the lift. She had a little problem moving forward into the path of the lift, so he gently pushed her butt with one hand while he slid forward beside her. With a gentle plop she was seated on the lift beside him as they climbed toward the top of the smallest beginner hill. She wrapped her arms around him as they admired the beautiful scenery and each other. As they reached the top of the lift, he explained how to dismount without getting hit in the head by the chair. She skied off the lift almost perfectly, until she began to lose her balance. He tried to steady her, but instead they both tumbled to the snow laughing hysterically. 

Before long she was really into the rhythm, skiing right from the lift onto the slope and straight from the bottom of the slope right into the lift entrance line. He was really proud of his star pupil. He would have to reward her later. 

They paused for lunch in the lodge before returning to the slopes. This time he took her on the lift for a different slope. After they had been on the lift for 4 minutes, the end was not even in sight. He could see that she was a little nervous as they could not see either where they had mounted the lift or where it ended. To take her mind off the mountain, he placed his hand between her legs and began rubbing her pussy through the tight black ski pants. That seemed to do the trick and before long he could tell she was close to climaxing right there on the chair lift. Up ahead they could now see the end of the lift and she told him to stop. He told her that he never leaves a job half finished and that if she didn't climax before they got off the lift, he would pull her to the snow and finish her off right there at the lift exit where everyone could watch her. When he said that, whether he meant it or not, it excited her just enough so that she came right there on the chair lift. She had just enough time to recompose herself before having to ski off the lift. When they were away from the mass of people at the lift exit, she asked him if he would really have done her right there on the snow in front of everyone. He smiled coyly at her and told her that now she would never know. 

As this was a new and much longer run than she was used to, they took their time skiing down it. At one point there was a narrow path through a thick patch of trees that they stopped to rest at. Since they had exited the ski lift she had periodically questioned him about his "threat." As they were resting near the edge of the narrow path, she again raised the question. This time, instead of putting her off, he grabbed her coat by the collar, pulled her toward him, and kissed her. He then leaned his weight against her and they both tumbled to the snow with her underneath him. He then unzipped her jacket and pulled her sweater up, exposing her beautiful breasts to the chilly air. After he had sucked each nipple, the cold air made them more erect than he had ever seen them. He then began working the zipper down on her tight form-fitting ski pants. She had already lowered the zipper on his pants as well. Kneeling in the snow beside her legs, he pulled her pants down just enough to gain access to her pussy. He then climbed above her and unzipped his jacket so it formed a sort of tent over their bodies. He pulled his hard dick from his boxers and positioned it at the entrance of her pussy. He held it there teasing her until she finally begged him to put it inside her. As soon as he did, she climaxed. She then used her incredible muscle control to quickly bring him off inside her. They then pulled themselves apart and quickly recomposed themselves. As they did, they heard a couple of people cheering and applauding in the distance. Looking up, they saw a clearing through the branches of the trees where the occupants of the chair lift had had an unobstructed view of their lovemaking. They took a short bow to their audience and continued skiing down the rest of the slope. Around 4 o'clock the sun dipped below the mountains and the temperature dropped rapidly. They called it a day and headed into the city for dinner. 

****

When they left the restaurant, their rental car would not start. They were about to call for road service when a blonde woman approached and asked if they needed a lift back to the resort. She introduced herself as Francis. She had seen them earlier at the lodge and recognized them outside the restaurant (the redhead always seems to leave an unforgettable impression). They accepted her gracious offer and followed her to her car. They would call the rental company in the morning to take care of the car. On the drive back to the resort, they got to know each other by sharing stories of their day on the slope. 

Before long they arrived back at the lodge. Wanting to thank Francis for her kindness, they invited her to their room for a nightcap. She readily accepted. While he fixed them each a drink, the redhead showed her around the suite. She was instantly taken with the fireplace and the view of the mountains from their deck. As they sat and talked, sipping on their drinks, she mentioned how warm and inviting the hot tub on the deck looked. They asked her if she would like to go for a dip, but she declined, saying how it was too much of an imposition and besides she didn't have anything she could wear. The redhead finally persuaded Francis by telling her she had an extra swimsuit that would fit her. While the girls went into the bedroom to change, he changed in the bathroom. He was changed first, so he gathered towels and a robe for each of them. Although the water would be very warm, the walk on the deck coming back from the hot tub would be very chilly. While still waiting for the girls, he prepared them all another round of drinks which he set on the ledge around the hot tub. 

Finally the girls emerged from the bedroom. The redhead explained that she had problems finding a suit that would fit Francis. She had finally settled on a bright yellowish green string bikini (almost the color of fluorescent highlighters) with red trim and ties. Francis' blonde hair cascaded down to the same level as her breast. They quickly made their way to the tub. He held each girl's arm as they stepped in. As Francis stepped in, he noticed the small tattoo on her right butt cheek. He and the redhead leaned back against one end while Francis leaned against the opposite edge of the tub. Before long they were all feeling quite mellow, enjoying the music from the outdoor speakers as well as the booze. Francis was practically transfixed by the beautiful scenery. The redhead was not that mellow however. After she reached to the edge of the tub where the drinks were, she didn't return to the spot she had been sitting. Instead she was now sitting in the middle of the tub facing her guy, with her back toward Francis. The alcohol was apparently having an aphrodisiac like effect on the redhead as she leaned forward and began kissing her guy. 

Her bold actions were having the desired effects on him also. Under the hot water, she reached down and felt his dick quickly getting erect. While he was used to the redhead's boldness, he was completely unprepared for what she did next. She reached beneath the water and pulled his hard cock out of his trunks. Then while sitting on her knees in the tub, she pulled the crotch of her own suit aside and placed his cock inside her. Looking over the redhead's shoulder, he could see that Francis was oblivious to their amorous activities. Seeing that, he didn't stop the redhead when she began slowly thrusting up and down on his dick. The exhilaration he felt from covertly having sex right in front of a stranger was indescribable. As they continued to fuck, they had to stifle themselves so as not to alert Francis as to what was really going on. Before long he felt ready to cum and from the expression on the redhead's face he knew that she was close also. She increased the speed of her thrusting slightly, trying not to make any extra waves that might draw Francis' attention. As he saw her about to climax, he put his knuckle into her mouth for her to bite on to stifle her scream. Her orgasm then brought forth his own and he came. They continued sitting like that for several minutes before discretely disengaging themselves and adjusting their suits. The redhead then got another drink from the edge of the tub and then returned to her original position next to him. 

The redhead's movements when she got her drink disturbed Francis from her tranquil reflection. Looking at her watch she said she must be on her way. As they each emerged from the hot tub, they quickly slipped on their robes to make the trek across the deck to the door. Once inside they each dried off and Francis went to the bedroom to change out of the borrowed suit. Before leaving, Francis told them that she had had a wonderful afternoon and that she hoped they might get together again before the end of their vacation. 

The door had barely closed before they were all over each other. The eroticism of their clandestine fuck had aroused them both. Their robes were left on the floor near the door as they made their way to the couch. When he found the willpower to pull his mouth away from hers, he took her by the hips, turned her around, and bent her over the back of the couch. He then grasped the center strap of her bikini bottoms and roughly pulled it aside exposing her pussy and asshole. The redhead had her hands behind her and were working his trunks down over his hard dick. As soon as it sprung free, he thrust it deeply into her pussy. She was already quite well lubricated from their previous coupling in the hot tub. After a dozen or so deep thrusts, he withdrew his cock and positioned the tip at her asshole. With one hand on each of her ass cheeks, he spread them apart so her rosebud opened willingly for his hard cock. Without much coaxing, his dick was soon fully embedded deep inside her ass. His hands were now underneath them, squeezing her breasts underneath her bikini top. At her request he began thrusting in and out of her ass. Withdrawing his right had from her bikini top, he slipped it down the front of her bikini bottoms and began teasing her clit, urging her closer to climax. When she started to climax, her asshole clamped down on his dick preventing him from thrusting any more. The pressure also triggered his orgasm and he shot his load deep inside her ass. 

The next morning when he awoke, the redhead was still sound asleep lying naked next to him on the bed. He went to the living room, called room service, and ordered breakfast for the two of them before jumping into the shower. He had just pulled on his pants when room service knocked at the door. He took the tray and signed for the food. He then carried the tray to the bedroom to serve her breakfast in bed. When he walked in she was just waking from hearing the knock at the door. She smiled as she saw him approaching the bed with the tray of food. He then lay down on the bed placing the tray between them. She had now propped herself up with pillows against the headboard, her breasts jutting forward proudly. He wished her good morning with a kiss as he handed her a glass of orange juice. They then proceeded to eat their breakfast, occasionally feeding each other a strawberry or a strip of bacon. 

When they finished breakfast it was raining outside, so there would be no skiing today. He decided to go into town and do some shopping. The redhead was still a little worn out from yesterday's activities (both the skiing and the sex) so she decided to stay in and nap a little in front of the fireplace. On his way out, he took the tray and set it outside their door. 

It was just after 2:30 when he returned from shopping. When he entered the room, he called out the redhead's name but there was no reply. He set his packages down and then he noticed a folded note with his name on it, standing on the coffee table. As he picked it up he did not recognize the handwriting. The note said: 

 I stopped in to see you but you were out.
  I have left a little present for you in the other room. 
  Hope to see you later.

It was signed Francis. 

Now he was intrigued. He walked into the bedroom to see what she had left for him. As he walked through the door, he stopped dead in his tracks. On the bed was the redhead completely naked. Her arms and legs were tied to the four corners of the bed with nylons and something was stuffed in her mouth preventing her from calling out. Sticking out of her pussy was the end of her favorite sex toy, a clear glass dildo that he had bought her for her birthday. The expression on her face told him that she hadn't been attacked, in fact she looked very excited. When he reached the side of the bed he removed the gag from her mouth. As he did, he realized that it was a pair of panties, but not the redhead's. Obviously they must belong to Francis. 

His head was spinning as all the pieces began to fall into place. Francis had to have tied the redhead to the bed and stuffed her panties into her mouth before leaving the note for him. He bent down and kissed the redhead forcing his tongue into her mouth. Her mouth was extremely dry. In the back of his mind he figured this was due to having the panties in her mouth for a long time. He was already starting to undress before he pulled his mouth from hers. With a coy look on her face, the redhead asked, "Aren't you going to untie me?"

He then looked at her, smiled, and said, "It would be rude for me not to accept my gift in the spirit it was offered." By now he was completely naked as he climbed on the bed on top of her. He began kissing her neck as he squeezed her breasts, and pinched her nipples. His kisses trailed down her chest until they reached her nipples. He knew that she was very excited, as her right nipple, which is usually inverted, was now just as erect as her left. In turn he took each of her nipples and sucked them deep into his mouth while flicking the tips with his tongue. He then slowly kissed his way down her stomach while lightly stroking her thighs with his fingertips. When his kisses reached her downy soft patch of red pubic hair, he couldn't control himself any more. He slid the dildo from her pussy and replaced it with his tongue. Unlike her mouth, her pussy was extremely wet. He licked her as deeply as he could before alternating to licking her clit. As she neared her climax, he began flicking her clit with his tongue. This sent her over the edge and her orgasm came in waves. 

As she regained her breath, he untied her legs and arms. He then leaned his head against the pillows and she curled up against his chest with his arm around her. She then proceeded to tell him what had happened after he had left. 

After breakfast she had curled up and napped on the couch in front of the fireplace for maybe an hour. Then she had awoken and couldn't get back to sleep so she decided to watch a pay-per-view porn movie on the TV. About a half hour into the movie there was a knock at the door. She muted the sound on the TV, slipped on a sheer robe, and answered the door. It was Francis. She again stated how nice it had been hanging out the other night and since it was raining, she wanted to know if they would like to hang out today. The redhead told her that her guy had gone shopping, but she was welcome to hang out with her. Francis readily accepted and stepped into the room. 
