 -You'll have to excuse me for my English; it's not my first language. I don't think it'll cause you big problems to read, but you'll certainly find some mistakes. Also, some of the women in this story were "physically inspired" by some famous models. I give you the list here, but you can always make up your own images... (Lisa Boyle, Laurie Langdon)-

* * * * *

During breakfast, we met two of Lucia's friends, Laurie and Lisa, who just returned to the castle yesterday. At one point, Lisa surprised me: she simply stared at me while sliding her naked foot up my leg and then shamelessly began to caress my cock through my thin shorts. When I looked back at her, she simply smiled a bit and straightened on her chair, flaunting her hardened nipples through her tee shirt. High on her round and ample breasts, those large nipples seemed to be consciously trying to push through the fabric. But, far from being ashamed of the two obvious spikes they were forming on her breasts, Lisa proudly stood as straight as she could. Hey; who am I to complain?

As Lucia and I get up to leave, Lisa and Laurie do the same. Before parting with us, Lisa walks to me inconspicuously and says: "Oh, you have something under your nose." Before letting me react, she rubs her finger under my nose and adds: "It's gone." I don't understand what she had in mind until I took my next breath; her finger must've been buried in her pussy while we ate. Now with each breath, I'm filled with the sharp spicy smell of her sex. Smiling as she and Laurie leave, I return her smile and hope for a moment alone with her. Ok maybe for two moments... 

After that, I take Lucia's hand and walk to our room. There she asks me:

"So Iann, do you ride?" Unsure of what she means, I ask her to clarify. "Horses Iann, do you ride horses?" She answered, already smiling.

"Probably: I've done it for two years a few years back, I shouldn't have any problems today." 

"Do you want to explore the surrounding paths?" 

"Yeah, that's a good idea." 

"Perfect. Laurie and Lisa are going to the lake for a swim in an hour or so. Do you want us to join them?" 

The faint smile she does when she finishes her phrase leaves me no doubts: she saw what Lisa did. "Of course, why not?" 

"I thought you'd think so..." 

With that, she opens her terry cloth robe and lets it fall down, exposing her nakedness. When she sees me taking a deep breath at the sight of her, still filled with Lisa's scent, Lucia asks: 

"What, do I still make you uncomfortable?" 

"No, quite the contrary. You're fabulous Lucia, really." 

"Thank you Iann, but I already saw that in your eyes!" 

Walking to me with a grin, she wraps me in her arms for a while. Turning around in mine and rubbing her ass against my hard cock, she tells me, before leaving for the bathroom: "Did you ever make love in the water?..." When she gets out a few minutes later, she has a towel wrapped around her, and throws one to me: "Here, I'm going to take a shower; want to join me?" 

Contrary to what I found there yesterday, probably because we're still morning, the shower is filled with people, mostly women. Still uneasy about my hard-on, I notice that even though some girls look at it, they're not at all bothered about it. Anyway, every one of the few men here are like me. Since there is no shower left for us, Lucia and I have to wait a while. But as soon as one opens up, at the far end of the room, Lucia gets up and pulls me with her. As she opens the water and gives me her soap, I whisper: 

"Isn't this place supposed to be sexless?" 

"Who talked about sex, I simply want you to lather me. But if you don't want to..." As she tries to grab the soap, I turn her around and press it against her belly. Before beginning, I lean closer to her ear: 

"You wanted to be lathered, you will..."

Rolling he soap on her skin, I begin to make small circles on her belly and slowly widen them. I quickly reach her breasts, but I only tease them for now. Then I reach downward to her dense bush and tease her a little more. Letting a few of my fingers enter the black curls, I pull them out before reaching anything too sensitive. Pushing her away, I cover her entire back with soap, as she leans against the wall. I lower my near massage to her hips and turn around to the top of her thighs. I then fill my hands with soap and put the bar in the little hole in the wall. With my hands back on her belly, I pull her against me and slide my hands up to her breasts. Cupping them with my whole opened hands, I squeeze them, massage them and tease the hardening nipples. Rubbing my fingers up and down on those little pink pebbles, I then squeeze them between two fingers, having learned yesterday night the effect that it does to her. 

Leaving her glorious mounds of flesh, I abruptly cover her whole pussy with one hand. Pulling back up and compressing her clit in the process, I feel her standing on her toes to ease the sexual tension in her crotch. But I quickly turn on the heat as I slither a few fingers into her slit and reach directly for her clit. Letting her head fall back against my shoulder, she turns it and whispers: 

"Stop it, you're not supposed to do this here..." 

"For all they know, I'm simply taking good care of your bush and pussy, if they know this much. You simply have to keep quiet and still..." 

When she brings her mouth back to my ear, she says: "Ok you little tease, just keep doing this to me..." when she stops talking, she pushes the tip of her tongue into my ear and tickle me for a few seconds. "...and I'll cum into your arms." I'm finding it hard to believe that she's already this hot, but who knows: her tongue did feel quite good. 

When I turn my head around and begin to tease and tickle her ear, she begins to shiver and I clearly feel her contained moans. But, as she said, within less than a minute, she becomes suddenly stiff as a board and shudders uncontrollably. Without a single sound escaping her closed lips, she climaxes in my arms and I feel a gush of her juices drenching my hand. When I feel her softening and relaxing, she quickly turns around in my arms and says: "Now it's my turn to lather." Everything goes fine until she has to do my legs. Kneeling in front of me, she makes a point of keeping her mouth merely inches away from my cock, and constantly opened. I only have to push in those few inches and my cock would find the wet warmth of her mouth. I was doing just fine until a weird and loud noise came from outside. 

As if someone had dropped a large box full of metal objects, there's a big crash outside. But as soon as the sound booms, Lucia opens her mouth and eats my whole cock. Engulfing me until her nose reaches my belly, I feel at the same time her throat opening to me. A second later, she pulls back and swirls her tongue on and around the head of my cock. And yet another second later, she's just as she was before the sound, patiently washing my legs. My knees become weak for a few seconds before I can get a grip on the intense feelings that rushed through me. Staring up at me with her mouth still opened, I see the smile she tries to hide from everybody else. The little tease...

Half an hour later, we're waiting outside for Laurie and Lisa. And I'm still looking for release since that teasing throat... Lucia finally told me that what happened in the showers was not just coincidence: she and a few other girls are used to this and when one of them, Tanya, saw Lucia kneeling in front of me, she went out and dropped that box. Somehow, I'm sure that no men would ever have thought about such a plan... But anyway I can't complain: the few seconds in her mouth were delicious! 

As I'm getting acquainted with my horse (Lucia has her personal horse) I wonder about the little smile she has on since we climbed on. But I get my mind back to my horse for the moment. He's huge! More like a war-horse in medieval movies than a simple riding horse, and the saddle is quite weird. The seat is longer than usual, as if it was made for someone bigger than me, much bigger. But anyway I find a good position and am ready to leave. When both girls finally arrive, I see that they're wearing the same kind of pants that Lucia is. It looks weird for riding, but at the same time, it must be quite comfortable: from the waist to he knee, it's a skin tight knit yet it's woven quite loosely (a lot of skin is bared through the numerous holes in the weave); and below the knee, the knit widens a bit. Except for the material, it looks like a 60's type of pants. They couldn't have shown more skin while protecting the girl's thighs from the saddle: how befitting for this Castle!

Anyway, we take one of the few paths offered to us and head for the lake, which is about an hour and a half up the mountain. We ride closely together and talk about nothing and everything, but after one hour, the group separates and I find myself alone with Lisa, a few meters behind Laurie and Lucia. We talk for a few minutes, but after a while, I see that Lisa has something in mind. Suddenly she shouts: "Hey girls, come here." When they arrive, she tells them: 

"Iann just told me one of his fantasies." I didn't, of course, but I'm curious about what she will say. 

"He says that he always dreamed about seeing women riding nude on horses. Won't we give him that pleasure?" Laurie laughs softly and simply nods. Lucia does the same but seems to see through Lisa's game. Beginning the strip tease, Lisa pulls her tank top and pushes it in her saddlebag. 

As I had seen through her clothing during breakfast, her breasts are indeed fabulous. Round, high, thrusting, they seem to be hiding two perfectly ripened grapefruit halves under the tanned skin. No, somehow bigger than grapefruit, but, as for Sunray, they're just on the limit of being too big. And her nipples, two pink and mouthwatering candies, are once again erect, proudly demanding all the attention. And she knows that her breasts are beautiful; once the top is stuffed into her saddlebag, she brings both her hands to her breasts and massages them for my pleasure. Apparently nobody told them about sagging; there underside simply bulge out of her chest at 90 degrees, taking more than enough time to expand their realms before curving upwards. Careless too of their own weight, which must be an impressive amount, they stand wide on her upper chest. The rubies, laying on those softer-than-thought pillows, stand pointing upward and forward, completing the feast for the eyes. 

Quickly though, turning the strip tease into a quick strip, Lucia and Laurie do the same and soon after that, even the weird pants disappear into their saddle bags. As if on cue, they all unpin their hair and let them fall down freely in the wind. Laurie's gold locks, Lisa's wavy brown hair and Lucia's coal black hair heavily flowing down their backs. As if they had been really restrained for a long time, Lisa plays with her breasts once again and asks me: "So, are you pleased with your fantasy?" I can't answer, I simply can't. With my mouth opened, I stare at all three of them, trying to get them all in a single stare. 

"I think he does, don't you Laurie?" Lisa laughs while still looking at me. 

"Yes, I think you're right. Oh Iann, just try not to drool down on your cock!" 

With that they all start laughing and finally guide their horses up the slope again. My hard-on is obvious underneath the swimsuit I like to wear around here, but I'm not so shy about it as I was in the shower the first time. Lisa, still beside me, stretches out a hand towards me, pulls the elastic band of my swimsuit and reaches in to pull my cock out. Her fingers on my skin didn't stay long enough to have any effect, but the fact that she did what she just did is enough to get me even more aroused. "It's the least you can do, no?" She asks, laughing. 

As we slowly ride up again, they stay quite close to me and I do have trouble concentrating on my horse. After Lucia took Laurie's place beside me, she hands her the rein and says: 

"Can you take care of her?" 

"Sure, no problems Lucia." 

After that, I see Lucia placing her left foot in my right stirrup, and suddenly I understand why my horse is so big and the saddle so long. Before stepping up, she says to Lisa: 

"And you..." 

"Yeah yeah, don't worry, I know what to do. Here, Iann, give me those." 

Taking the reins from my hands, she smiles at me and adds, with a quick glance at my cock: "You're lucky, Lucia, to have seen him first..." 

With that, Lucia lifts herself from her own saddle and climbs onto mine. When she places her other foot in the other stirrup, beside mines, I find her lower belly and bush inches away from my mouth. She smiles down at me and asks, in a funny formal voice: 

"Is there any room for me, sir?" 

"Sure, why don't you sit down, miss?" 

With my hands on her hips, I guide her down to me. Quickly, her pussy finds itself pressed against my cock and with one hand now on it, I open her lips and slide it up and down her slit. My god! she's as wet as I am hard: the women here do like sex a lot! Slowly she lets her weight do the work and I feel my cock sinking into her warm wetness. When she finally sits down on my thighs, we both wrap ours arms around each other and I whisper in her ear: "Why is it so good to be inside you?" With an accent on the final "you". With the same breathless tone, she answers: "I was just asking myself the opposite question..."

Sliding her head from my shoulder to my face, I see her eyes close and her lips part a little as she closes in to kiss me. I answer with all I feel within and abandon myself into her. When I slide my hands down to cup her ass cheeks, she slides her feet up from the stirrups and wraps her legs around me. Slowly humping against me, she breaks the intimate kiss and I know that she did that for the two others. But for now she leaves her head in my shoulder and I feel her humming against me. Soft moans sometimes find there way through this little purring and somehow it drives me wild. But not wild with lust; more with love or something quite close to it. My hands now roaming her back in a loving massage, I realize that this fabulous women is making her way into me feelings, my heart. Maybe she felt my train of thought through the intense yet caressing movements of my hands, but anyway she lifts her head from my shoulder. Before turning it towards Lisa, she whispers: 

"I hope we'll finish that soon, love..." Then she turns around and shouts: "So girls, I hope you didn't forget your swimsuits? It would be a shame not to be able to swim today..." 

The few laughs break away the awkward situation of our obviously intense kiss. I think even Lisa and Laurie could see that it was not empty, but somehow filled with more than passion. The rhythm of the horses walk made Lucia cum a few times before we reached the lake, quite noisily at that. "Why bother when we're alone in the forest?" she had said after the first time. We all laughed when she did, a strange closeness spreading from this intimate moment. But for me, even though her pussy kept me at a high plateau of pleasure, I didn't cum, and that's better that way: I want to be in full shape when we reach the lake. And we do after about half an hour. It is magnificent, just like the girls described it. It's also quite huge; and I understand why that is so practical. All around the shore, which seems to be all sand, small tents are set up far enough from each other to have some privacy. Suddenly I wonder how long the girls want to stay here; I have seen no tents, but those saddlebags are large enough to carry one or two of them. A night here with these three girls? Could I survive it?

"Don't worry about the tents Iann, this land belongs to the Castle, so we probably know everyone here." After saying that, Laurie, followed by Lisa, jumped off their horses and ran to the lake. When she turns her head back towards me, Lucia says: 

"You're good Iann; here we were, three girls naked for you, and me climaxing a number of time around your cock and you didn't succumb." 

"Well, let's say that if all that happened to me since I arrived to the castle hadn't, you would have made me cum in seconds. Can you imagine what the feeling of your nipples on my chest was during all that time?" 

Smiling at my answer, she kisses me before slowly lifting away from me. When she sees me staring at her bush, once again inches away from my mouth, she says: "Don't touch me or I'll scream another climax right here." Unsure if it's an invitation or not, I lean closer. 

But just as I was beginning to kiss the skin around her bush, Lisa arrives and says: "Come on Iann, give her a rest... Come here Lucia, I'll save you from his evil grasp..." After being pulled down to the ground, Lucia says to her: 

"...so you'll be able to have him!" 

Smiling, Lisa answers: "Me! Do something like that! Of course not, you know me better than that..." 

"Yeah, exactly." But before even touching me, Lisa seems to wait for a signal of some sort. And indeed, before leaving to join Laurie in the lake, Lucia makes a small nod and smiles at Lisa: 

"You'll never change, won't you?" 

"Why should I? Now go, before I decide to have both of you at the same time..." For a second, Lucia's eyes open and sparkle with anticipation. But then she turns around and runs for Laurie. 

"Now, to get things straight." Saying that, Lisa grabs my tee shirt and pulls it off. My shoes and swimsuit follow the same path. "Ah! Now we're talking." 

"You simply want to talk?" Surprised by my question, she looks at me and smiles devilishly. 

"If that's what you really wish..." But she grabs my hand and pulls me into the woods. A few minutes later we reach a small clearing completely covered with a thick green moss. Stopping to caress my cock, she then pushes me to the ground. She walks above me until her pussy is directly above my face. After smiling at me one last time, she begins to dance above me. Always keeping her feet beside my head, she moves and twists around, closing and spreading her legs to hide or reveal her pussy. She teases me by lowering herself just inches away from my face, lewdly spreading her pussy lips with her fingers, before getting back up. But after a while, she turns around and kneels down above me. Just before covering my face with her crotch, she tells me: "Make me wet... well, wetter."

With that, my face disappears between the cheeks of her ass and my tongue buries itself into her sex. But at the same time, I feel her mouth engulfing my cock. After a few swirls, I feel her throat opening for me. Are all the girls here cock-sucking angels? Anyway I resume my own work and delve into her as deep as I can, searching for a magic spot. But I quickly find that her clit is somehow extremely sensitive: suddenly my tongue is glued to it. Not letting it move out of my reach even though Lisa's moving around a lot, I tease and caress it as best as I can. All of a sudden, after feeling quite a gush of her girl-cum flow into my mouth, she pulls out of my reach and lets my cock fall back down to my belly. Now sitting on the moss, she spreads her legs wide and begins to caress herself. 

But I realize that she's not simply caressing her pussy; she's actually coating her breasts with her cum. This must be some kind of fetish she has, or maybe she's preparing a feast for me? "You don't even begin to realize who lucky your cock is, don't you?" Just as I was about to say no, I understand. Pleased with the result of her work, she sits back on her feet, kneeling like a goddess. "Come here, won't you?" I then kneel across her thighs and find my cock pressed against her chest. "Here you go lucky man..." And with that, she closes her breasts around my cock, trapping it in the most soft and tender warmth it has ever felt. Slick with her juices and her saliva on my cock, her ample breasts close easily around my shaft. 
