 Chapter 2 

Marooned! 

I felt something on my foot and woke up shaking whatever it was off me, I opened my eyes and suppressed what would have been a high pitched girly scream when I saw a huge crab crawling away. I got up, carefully untangling myself from the web of arms and legs and walked around stretching and yawning, as I looked about the idyllic setting in the sunrise. 

We were marooned it was no dream; we had one missing and one person injured and no medical knowledge, I thought as stepped over to a clump of plants to take a leak. I hoped that Anna was going to be okay. She had quite a large bump on her forehead, and had been out for an awful long time. I looked over to the mass of bodies as I zipped up and it was then that I noticed Anna was missing! She had some how slithered out from between Sue and Sonia who were still sleeping and had their arms around each other with D laying against Sarah who was spooned to Sonia's back and Bob was curled up tight against Sues back.

I went over and shook Bob's shoulder and he slowly got up rubbing his face and yawning, we stepped off a short distance to talk without waking the others.

We looked around and found Anna's foot prints leading back out in the water, Bob went out to the boat and looked for her there as I stayed with the others as they began stirring and waking up. I informed the others of the newest development and suggested that we assemble our provisions and prepare to get as comfortable as possible; we may be here for awhile. 

Bob returned alone and said that he didn't find her, but there were things missing from the boat that we had not brought ashore last night. She must have gotten up and went looking for her father, or perhaps she went to find help, we assumed, surely she would come back to where we were after awhile. 

We spent the day assessing our situation and briefly exploring the island, it was small and totally uninhabited there were no traces of anyone else ever being there. There was a lot of wood and debris, including our broken mast lying on the beach and we set to work constructing some lean to structures in a circle just off the beach in a clearing surrounded by tropical foliage ferns and palm trees, about 200 yards up from the beach. Several times we went out to the boat and brought back more supplies and by sunset we had a fairly comfortable camp set up and still had not seen anything of Anna. 

We were a little concerned that she might have a concussion but there was nothing we could do for her if we couldn't find her. And even less if she didn't want to be found. 

That first day and night on the island was the worst, we were all concerned about our situation and the fun had been sucked out of the vacation aspect as we were now seriously pondering our fates as we spent most of the evening quietly reflecting on the loss of two people. Even though we really didn't know them we all were saddened by the loss. Not to mention they were experienced locals, they would have no doubt known where we were and how to get out of this predicament. We would have to figure things out for ourselves, quickly if we were going to survive this. There was very little talking as we cooked and ate our one meal for the day, and took turns through the night maintaining the fire and keeping a watch for any passing boats

The next two days we searched in three groups of two. Two groups would head out as the third would stay at camp. We searched in 3 hour intervals always returning to our sheltered area before starting out in another direction. We had walked miles of beach and searched as deep inland as the foliage permitted and still had not found Anna or her father. We were all pretty much subdued and no one was in the mood for anything more than staring out across the water in hopes of seeing another boat, ship or even an air plane but we saw nothing. 

On the third day I was tired of the negativity of the defeated attitude of our group and I started telling jokes, and eventually everyone perked up and started sharing their own favorite joke. All of us being mature it wasn't long before the jokes got dirtier and more descriptive as the evening went on.

At one point I went over to where Bob was returning from a natures call, I told him I was beginning to think that we were going to be stranded here for a long time and we needed to do something for ourselves, we needed to shift into survival mode and take charge of our situation and make the best of it.

He agreed wholeheartedly and said "Yeah we need to build an out house or something it really stinks back there!" he gestured with his thumb over his shoulder and holding his nose. We decided we were going to have a bit of fun even if it was disguised as work.

We went over to where the women were sitting around the fire, laughing off the last joke. We explained how we needed to build better shelter and prepare to be here for a long time. We needed to change our mood or we all were going to end up seriously depressed. If we stay busy with positive projects we won't have time to get depressed. This seemed to cheer up the group and we sat discussing what we would do first. For the first time in 4 days we all slept with some thing to look forward to.

When everyone woke up I did my best to give a pep talk, I said we should do what ever it takes to be as comfortable as possible and make the best of a bad situation. We need to inventory what ever supplies we have and find a source of fresh water. D and Sue went about gathering the stuff we brought off the boat and Sarah and Sonia began organizing everything. After only a few minutes the spirit of our little group of castaways bubbled up and we started to face the reality of our situation with a positive attitude, soon we were joking and working together again like we did before this disaster began.

Bob and I set about making plans on a structure that would be more permanent and weather tight in case nature was to spring up a surprise storm. We would go out to the boat and tear out any parts we could use to build the hut. We would draw up plans later after we knew what we had to work with. 

All six of us worked together and by evening we had salvaged the bunks, and mattresses and 6 wet sleeping bags, the table and a lot of lumber and tools and quite a bit of fishing gear. 

We were even able to bring out the generator and several gallons of fuel, Bob and I had it running after only a few minutes work. He and I then wired up some lights, and that night we sat down together as a group and drew up the plans for our hut.

After 2 days work we finally had a roof to sleep under for the first time in days. We used 9 palm trees that grew about 8 feet apart around the clearing as our main frame, about 16 feet wide by 24 feet long We cut the tops off these trees so that the wind wouldn't be as apt to blow them around wrecking our structure. We framed walls between the trees, using the broken mast as the main beam for the roof and assembled planks, plywood and palm fronds to make the roof and walls water tight. It might not be strong enough for a hurricane but it wasn't going to fall down on its own either.

We used nails when we had them to use, and lengths of rope and wire to make every joint and timber secure and anchored to bases of live trees as well as the trees we had cut. Honestly it looked a bit like something off "Gilligan's Island" but it was entirely our own design based on available materials.

That night we were all feeling better about our situation. We had lights and even music from a portable CD player and a hand full of CDs that Sonia had, now that we had the generator going. Anna had taken the radios and damaged the other electronics that first night for what ever reason she didn't seem like she was coming back or even interested in helping us. By her taking the radio we were some what suspect of what her motivation would be for what she did. But regardless we hadn't seen her since we came ashore.

The boat had been stocked with enough canned goods and other supplies to last us more than a couple of weeks if we didn't get too hungry, or too picky about eating canned ham and spam. There were 5 large canned hams and 2 dozen cans of spam, 4 cans of pulled pork, 1 case of pork and beans, 3 cases of canned vegetables, one case of German potato salad, and there were 6 cans each of spaghetti and ravioli. We weren't going to get too thirst either as good old Captain Henri had a well stocked liquor cabinet, several bottles of rum, wine and bourbon as well as 6 cases of beer, and 4 cases of mixed soda cans. 

Other than the drinks the canned goods were the large cans that would provide each of us a serving so we were not going to be too hungry if we caught fish and found other things to eat on the island, we would be okay at least for awhile. We had found several small banana trees and a couple of trees that had some kind of fruit on them one had fuzz like a peach and the other was smooth and both were green. Sue thought they were kiwi and bread fruit but she wasn't sure which was which. There were cocoanut palms as well all over the island, not counting the cocoanuts that floated up on the beach, we were going to be eating a lot of cocoanut. 

Any fresh meat that had been frozen other than the 8 packages of hot dogs was now spoiling fast and though we had steak and chicken the first few nights we were going to have to throw out the rest or use it for bait because it was thawed and we didn't need any one getting sick from eating tainted meats. Besides something smelled bad and no one could figure out what was spoiled and what wasn't. We buried it in a shady spot so we could use it for bait, hoping that it would work like it does on TV. 

We had found fresh water just a few yards from our hut, bubbling up in a small pond around a group of rocks and running in a stream about 4 feet wide down to the beach. We dug out the small pond until it was about 10 feet across and 3 feet deep to bathe in, with a trench diverting a flow of water away over a high embankment that dropped ten feet to the water and built a privy of sorts just short of the drop off in a thick clump of foliage. We constructed a bench over the trench so that one could sit to do their business in relative privacy, while the flow of water flushed the trench clean. So at least our sanitary needs were met if not comfortably, at least conveniently.

We set up the gas stove from the boat in front of the hut, luckily we found 2 full short cans of propane that would last awhile if we used it sparingly. We built a stone fire pit and assembled a metal frame to support pots and pans for cooking on as well, to conserve our gas.

The hut was a big room inside, we had one light fixture in the middle and wired several outlets and so we had power if we needed it. We set up the bunks along the wall and hung blankets dividing the room into three sections, that we could pull back to open up the room again. Basically we had most of the comforts we could need but it was crude.

That night we all let down our shrouds of gloom and we once again carried on carefree conversations as had before the wreck. We broke out the booze and after awhile we all were feeling a lot better than we'd felt in days. I had found the Captain's private stash of pot and his pipe and I crushed a bud into the bowl lit it and passed it around. Sonia went to the hut and brought out her CD player and started dancing seductively in the firelight. She circled Sarah and helped her to her feet and the two of them danced together, their bodies in time to the music as their eyes met and their hands caressed the curves of their partner. Sue took a long hit off the pipe and snorted as she stood up and joined the Sarah and Sonia in their passionate and sensual dance. Bob, D and I sat back watching as the three women, kissed and touched each other, hips swaying and breasts rubbing against breasts. They moved together where D was sitting and pulled her giggling to her feet. They all enveloped her in their writhing arms and bodies, soon she was lost in the sensual dance as well and they kissed tongues probing mouths tasting each other caressing and touching each others breasts, thighs, asses and faces, all in time to the music. It was the most sensuous dance I'd ever seen or imagined, and it really turned me on to see my wife touching and being touched by another woman.

Bob was as into the scene as I was, his pants were showing signs of his rising erection as mine rose too. The girls had begun slowly undressing each other and my cock slid fully out of my pant leg, it felt good as it had been cramped uncomfortably until then and I did nothing to hide it as it swelled in the night air exposed in the flickering fire light. 

The women were topless now and a real treat to see as Sarah and Sonia suckled and tongued D and Sue's tits. But I was really stunned to see my wife pull Sue's left nipple into her sweet lips. I was transfixed on my wife as she pulled Sue's thick nipple in her mouth her eyes closed in passions I had never seen in her before but often imagined. Sue held D's face to her breast as Sonia and Sarah gently pulled away from Sue and D, Sonia whispered in Sarah's ear and Sarah laid on her back pulling off her cut offs and thong at the same time as Sonia stepped over her prone body and pissed all over Sarah's beautiful body! She started at her shaved pussy and directed her stream of golden nectar up over Sarah's creamy white breasts and then up into her pretty face. Sarah sat forward and cupped her mouth over her lovers gushing golden stream, we could all hear the sound of Sonia's juices filling Sarah's pretty mouth and we could see Sarah swallowing he hot flow. They were looking so fucking hot! Bob and I sat silent as our now totally naked wives came over to us. At first I thought D was mad that I seemed so interested in watching the other women and she soon made her intentions known as she pulled me to my feet and pulled my cut offs open and pushed them down. I stepped out of them as she pulled my shirt up over my head. Just as my shirt was about to block my vision I could see Sue doing the same for Bob. It looked as if Bob was going to get to watch after all.

D kissed me and told me to lay down on my back. As I lay back on a blanket she gave me the same treat as Sonia had given Sarah, but she gave it to me straight in my open mouth! 

I could hear the others cheering us on and laughing, as D pissed down my throat spilling out and down my chest. As her flow slowed she knelt down and mashed her wet pussy down over my hungry mouth. She came so fast I was hardly ready as she ground down on my head and gushed as her pussy spasmed involuntarily and spurted against my tongue several times. I loved being under her and in front of others...well...I was so fucking hot and hard as any man could have been, but it seemed that the girls had their own agenda.

With my head still pinned under my wife's sweet ass some one pulled my arms from her thighs and I felt ropes being tied to my wrists and pulled above my head. Some one else was tying my legs spread wide as another set of hands were tying a cord tightly to the base of my genitalia, and pulled toward my feet. D knew this was one of my favorite fantasies and she must have shared it with the others. 

She got off me and I got to look around and there tied at my feet Bob was staring back at me with a big grin, laying on his back looking over his body to me as I looked over my own body. The ladies had tied our legs spread wide, about a foot apart and about 6 feet of cord connected our genitals together.

Sonia spoke first, "Well girls looks like were going to have us a game of tug of war! Now lets not hurt them...too much!" she snickered as she spoke, "now the only rule is that they don't get to cum unless we all agree as to how, when and where we allow them to cum right?" the rest agreed quickly and soon Bob and I were drenched I pee! 

It was the most incredible experience of my life as I could see a female ass standing over Bob's face as another stood over my own. Kind of like a mirror image effect, as what happened to him was happening to me as well! 

Then I saw as Sonia was sitting on Bob's face facing me Sue sat on Bob's big cock. I watched only briefly as Sarah's ass hole settled on my tongue. I lost my self eating her tight ass she wasn't exactly clean, but in a few seconds my mouth and tongue cleaned her dark hole thoroughly, inside and out! Then I felt my wife's familiar pussy sliding down on my hard cock. The next thing I felt was intense pain as Bob thrust up into his wife he yanked the cord connecting our cocks and balls, just as D sank down on my balls! He and I both wailed and struggled to time our upward thrusting hips so as not to yank at our swollen genitalia.

The girls were quick to respond to our timing as we fucked and sucked each woman in succession. They fed us their pussy's and assholes, demanding we probe deeper and suck harder, here, there, and rode our hard cocks one after the other moaning in orgasmic pleasures over and over. It wasn't hard not to cum. The cords and keeping time kept both of us focused and hard but far from ready to cum. "Shit who needs Viagra?" I moaned out loud. 

"Uh-huh!" Came Bob's muffled but happy reply, from under some ones ass. 

The smells of each woman's sex was overwhelming, I loved the smell and taste of pussy and piss but I could taste either Bob or myself as the ladies traded places, but I found it easy to deal with as I slurped and sucked up all I could get. 

I really loved the submissive role and the dominance of women, but I could never have imagined the absolutely intense pleasure I felt as the 4 women used and abused me, I had no thoughts about Bob one way or the other, this was sex and just sex. Whatever happens, happens. I just wanted it to go on all night long!

Apparently so did the others, D said "Hey Sue lets get these two to perform for us, what do you think? Lets have them go butt to butt and then have them pull! Untie them and I'll be right back!" With that said she went in the hut as Sue and Sarah untied us and Sonia had us get on our knees facing away from each other, as she whacked our asses with a ling thin stick. Sue and Sarah then tied our genitals together again with our asses about 8 inches apart. D came out of the hut and I felt her spit on my asshole. I knew what she was about to do and I moaned softly as she stuffed one end of the long double dildo up my ass and I could tell she was pushing the other end up Bob's asshole as well! 

They all laughed and teased us calling us their own "push me pull you pets" They pushed and pulled us around making us yank at our genitals or back up cramming the dildo deep up both our hairy asses. They would stand in front of us and tease us to come lick their ass or pussy watching as we stretched our genitalia to their most painful limits. They took turns riding on our backs and making us pull each other around using sticks to whip us to pull harder as they cheered and laughed at our humiliation. I was having a good time and loved the shameful games I was participating in. 

But it was getting late and I'm sure Bob's balls were hurting as much as mine were when they finally took pity on us and Sonia told us to roll over on our backs and jerk off. Sue and D gave Bob and I playful kicks pushing us over on to our backs with the dildo still deep up our assholes.

Both of us started wanking our shafts, our balls bouncing against each other as our hands pounded our hard shafts, our ass holes stuffed with the thick long dildo. I could hear Bob's breathing becoming more rapid and labored and so did Sonia. She whacked his balls with her stick, making him whimper and told him to aim at my face when he came and then she whacked me and repeated her order telling me to cum in his face. Well that was all he and I needed as we both groaned and sent jets of cum shooting onto each other. Neither one of us made our target but it didn't matter as all four women moved in on us like hungry wolves and licked up every thick slimy bit and kissed each other sharing our cream before they each kissed Bob and I filling our mouths with the thick combined cum. We all went to the hut very happy and sexually satisfied and looking forward to another day together, as we crawled in our respective bunks and fell asleep naked and unashamed..