 When he arrived home, the redhead was just putting the finishing touches on the party preparations. To be a little unconventional, they had decided to throw a small anti-housewarming party. You see they were preparing to move from the small house they had shared for the past 14 months into a much larger house that they had designed themselves and had build over the past 6 months. Besides, this would give them a chance to have another party (a traditional housewarming party) once they settled into the new place. 

Besides generous amounts of booze and appetizers, the redhead had also lined up a few party games for the evening. 

This gathering was only going to be some of their closest friends, 3 other couples besides themselves. Lisa and Nikki from the adult novelty store [see Chapters 5, 7, 8, 10 and 23] arrived first. They were disappointed to learn that The Chair had already been packed up and would not be part of the evening's activities. They were followed shortly by Dawn and Alan who he and the redhead had met on a flight back from LA [see Chapters 14, 18, 19, and 21]. Rose and her current boyfriend Dennis arrived about 10 minutes late. Rose was a dancer that he had known for a few years and he had recently run into her at the adult novelty store [see Chapter 23], but this was the first that anyone here had met Dennis. 

Music was playing in the background as he brought everyone a round of drinks. Everyone was helping themselves to the snacks and complementing the redhead on them. They were especially fond of the cream-filled pastries that she had shaped into tiny hourglass shaped female torsos complete with boobs and pussies. There were also anatomically correct gingerbread men and gingerbread women. 

Everyone was trying to make Dennis feel comfortable, with him being a sort of outsider of this particular group and not knowing anyone except Rose. What he also didn't know, was that except for himself, everyone here had previously had sex with everyone else in the room. 

After about 30 minutes of everyone getting reacquainted, the redhead announced that it was time for the first game of the evening. With his help, she then brought out a large easel with a 2 foot by 3 foot pad of paper attached. She explained that they would be playing an adult version of the game Pictionary. As everyone listened, she explained that each puzzle was going to be adult oriented in some way. Perhaps the name of a famous porn star, title of a famous porn movie, or even an erogenous body part. Each player would be given 3 minutes. Two teams were formed. One team consisted of Dawn, Alan, Rose, and Dennis while the others made up the other team. 

The other members of team 1 selected Dawn to draw first. She picked a piece of paper out of a bowl. The paper told what she had to get her team members to say. She handed it to the redhead who would be acting as master of ceremonies except when her team was up. As luck would have it, this puzzle would be fairly simple. The redhead said that this puzzle was a movie title and then as Dawn began drawing, she started a stopwatch. Dawn quickly drew a stick figure and then added two large circles for breasts and wavy lines down from the head to indicate that this was a female. Her team began shouting out various adult movie titles, some of which were quite humorous. She then moved to another part of the pad and drew an outline of the state of Texas and added a star about the location of the city of Dallas. At that time, 45 seconds after she had begun, someone on her team shouted out the correct answer "Debbie Does Dallas". 

Team 2 chose the redhead to go first. The redhead handed the stopwatch to Dawn who would act as MC for this round. The redhead then tore the used page off as she took her position at the easel and picked up the marker. She then picked a puzzle from the bowl and read it before handing it to Dawn. Dawn announced to the team that this was a person, or more accurately a porn star. As soon as Dawn started the stopwatch, the redhead began to draw. She started by drawing a representation of a 3 dimensional box. She then began drawing asterisks all around the outside of the box. Almost instantly her guy shouted out "Marilyn Chambers". The others were stunned when Dawn announced that he was correct. The redhead's time was only 12 seconds. To satisfy everyone's curiosity, he explained that Marilyn Chambers had been the model that appeared on the box of Ivory Snow about the same time she started in porn. As both he and the redhead knew this, her drawing a box and snowflakes, and knowing that this was supposed to be a porn star, instantly triggered his response. 

The game went on until each player had received the opportunity to draw a puzzle for their team. 

Dawn's team won the game, so each couple received a copy of Jenna Jameson's movie that featured The Chair. Dennis was feeling a little left out again as he was the only one of the group that did not know anything about The Chair. Evidently Rose had not shared her Chair experience with him [see Chapter 23]. When he asked what was so special about this chair, his hosts suggested he watch a video that would make it abundantly clear. Everyone thought that was an excellent idea. So while the redhead fetched another round of drinks for everyone, her guy popped a video cassette into the VCR and turned on the big screen television. 

As the video began to play, a title came up on the screen identifying it as the video that had been made at the AdultCon Expo several months ago [see Chapter 14]. Upon seeing this, Dawn exclaimed that she had been there for this demonstration. Her host told her not to be so sure, it might not be the demonstration that she had seen. 

The next image to appear was that of him on the stage describing The Chair in all its glory to the crowd. Both the redhead and her guy were now watching Dennis as he watched the video, as they knew what was about to come. On the screen, the redhead stepped from behind a curtain wearing a white bathrobe. When she dropped the robe and stood naked before a crowd of 150 people, they both laughed at the shocked expression on Dennis's face. He watched intently as the redhead sat in, and was then securely bound to, The Chair. 

As the demo played on, everyone continued to watch intently. Dennis did especially because this was his first exposure to The Chair. Everyone else was lost in thoughts of their own experiences with The Chair. The redhead was getting excited by her friends watching her getting fucked by The Chair in front of a large audience. It brought back the intense feelings she had back then from being on display in front of everyone, she had always had a bit of an exhibitionistic streak in her. When the 15 minute video of her demonstration was over, she stopped the tape and announced that it was time for another game. 

****

While her guy connected the video output of the computer to the large screen, the redhead began describing the game to the others. She explained that she had found a very interesting computer game while surfing the internet one day. 

Onyx is a computerized adult variation of Monopoly. Based on a roll of virtual dice, players move around the board and land on various adult oriented properties (strip clubs, adult theaters, massage parlors, etc.). If not owned, they have the option to buy the property, but if it is owned there is rent to pay to the owner. One interesting twist is that the player has the option of "working off" the rent instead of paying cash. 

Landing on certain other squares brings up instructions for the player to remove a particular article of clothing or to remove another player's article of clothing. The program keeps track of what state of undress each player is at. In this way it prevents having someone remove their pants without first removing their shoes. As the game progresses, everyone ends up completely naked long before the end of the game. At that point the actions become much more risque. 

Landing on other squares will bring up directions for a player to interact with another player (or players) in some way that the computer chooses. 

Passing Start earns a player either money or a pass allowing them to "opt out" of some required task. If either party chosen for a particular task decides to opt out, the task is skipped, and play progresses to the next person. To help loosen everyone's inhibitions, the redhead also decided that whenever a player passes Start, they must take a drink. 

Her guy now refreshed everyone's drinks while the redhead setup the game, inputting everyone's name, sex, and state of dress. 

As the game started, it was rather tame. Someone would land on an unowned property and either buy it or pass. As more properties were bought, the choices shifted more toward either pay the rent or work it off. Everyone had chosen to pay the rent until the redhead landed on the spa property that Alan owned. To start things moving in the right direction, she chose to work it off. Upon clicking that button on the computer, she was told that she must kiss 10 different unclothed parts of Alan's body in 10 seconds. She then moved over in front of where Alan was sitting next to Dawn. When the redhead's guy hit the GO button on the computer, a timer on the screen began ticking off 10 seconds. The redhead quickly got to work and planted kisses on Alan's forehead, right cheek, left cheek, lips, neck, upper chest, right forearm, back of his right hand, right palm, and she was just kissing his left palm when the timer went off signaling an end to her task. 

On Alan's turn, he landed on a property called Center Stage. A window then came up on the computer screen instructing him to describe for everyone a recurring sexual fantasy of his. Alan then described in great detail how he had always fantasized about having sex with Dawn in an elevator. When he finished, the redhead and her guy kidded him that they had already "been there, done that (but not with Dawn)."

Nikki then landed on a square titled Random Encounter. A window appeared that told her that she had to spend the next 2 minutes kissing the redhead on any part of her body. She could kiss her anywhere she chooses, but she could not remove any of the redhead's clothing. Nikki briefly considered "opting out", but as she only had 2 available, she thought it better to save them. She then squeezed into the chair between the redhead and her guy and began kissing the redhead's mouth as he started the timer. As the girls continued kissing, everyone watched intently as the two girls switched from a friendly kiss to a very passionate French kiss. Each time they separated to catch their breath, everyone saw their tongues probe the other's luscious open mouth. All too soon, the timer called an end to their kissing. 

Finally everyone was getting loosened up and into the swing of things. Of course being forced to take a drink every time they made it around the board wasn't hurting matters. 

As the game progressed, the players began losing their clothing one piece at a time. They were now all barefoot, and Rose was down to her bra and slacks, having lost her top in a recent round.

On Lisa's next turn, she landed on a property owned by the redhead's guy. She chose to work off the rent and was instructed by the computer that he was going to stand passively in front of her. She was then to slide her hands along the curves of his body, then slowly slip off his shirt. Once that was done, she was to get in front of him and kiss each of his nipples in turn. Eager to comply, she pulled him from his seat to the center of the room. Slowly she began running her hands over his body, down his arms, around his back, down to his ass (which she squeezed, pulling him tightly against her body). Then she slid her hands down his outer thighs and then up his inner thighs before rubbing the bulge in the front of his pants. Finally she worked her hands back up to his chest where she unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it back off of his shoulders. She then bent her head down and kissed his right nipple, followed soon by his left. At that point she had completed her assignment and she returned to her seat next to Nikki. 

On Rose's turn she landed on Center Stage. She was then instructed that for the next 60 seconds she was going to be the center of attention. Dennis will stand to her left and kiss her neck while fondling her left breast; Dawn will stand to her right and kiss her neck while fondling her right breast. While all this is going on, the redhead's guy would stand in front of her. She will kiss him while his hands busy themselves between her legs. But, nobody may remove, move, or go underneath any of her clothing! 

Rose moved to the center of the room as Dennis and Dawn took their positions at her sides and their male host stood in front of her. When the redhead started the timer, Dennis and Dawn both started kissing Rose's neck and their hands began fondling her breasts through the beige bra she was wearing. Their host then stepped forward and began kissing her on the mouth. At the same time he slid his right hand between them and began gently rubbing her pussy through her slacks. As the time limit neared, all three of her attendants intensified their efforts. When the computer called time, Rose was disappointed that she hadn't quite reached climax. She had been so close it would have only taken 10 more seconds. All 4 players then returned to their seats. 

The next roll sent Nikki landing on a square that instructed her to describe an erotic dream of hers centering on the redhead's guy. Nikki began reciting how in her dream she walks into the bedroom and finds him naked and tied spread eagled to her bed. As she approaches him she sees a folded note placed over his dick. She picks the note up, unveiling his big hard cock, and reads it. It is from the redhead. In the note, the redhead is wishing her a happy birthday and loaning Nikki her guy until morning to do with as she pleases. Nikki instantly strips out of her clothes and climbs on top of the bed. She then moves over top of him and lowers her warm, wet pussy to his waiting mouth. She tells him that he has to make her cum before she will give him any pleasure. Before long she is having her first orgasm from his oral talents. She then turns around and lowers her pussy down on his cock. After riding his hard cock for 5 minutes, he came inside her almost simultaneously with her second orgasm. She then described how she turns around and lowers her pussy onto his mouth again. She then makes him lick his own cum out of her pussy while she sucks his cock to get it ready for her next ride. She explained that in her dream she continues this process all night long until she returns him to the redhead in the morning. At that point he is so worn out that he cannot even join in when Nikki makes love to the redhead to show her appreciation for her gift. 

As Nikki finished describing her dream, the redhead commented that she now knew what to get Nikki for her birthday. Everyone laughed at the redhead's joke, but her guy had a hunch that she wasn't kidding. He would have to keep his schedule open for Nikki's birthday. 

The next few trips around the electronic board were relatively uneventful. Then Nikki landed on a property owned by Rose. Nikki decided she would work off the rent. The computer then instructed her that she was to perform a striptease for Rose, and she was to conclude the dance by tossing her panties to Rose. Nikki took a minute to prepare herself and select some music on the CD player. She had also found a hat in the other room that she had now placed on her head. As the music started, the reason for the hat became evident. The music she had selected to strip to was Joe Cocker's "You Can Leave Your Hat On" as featured in the film "9 and 1/2 Weeks". She then proceeded to sexily strut around the room while erotically removing one article of clothing after another. As the music ended, she slid her panties down her long smooth legs and tossed them to Rose. She then returned to her seat completely naked. 

Before the next roll of the dice, the computer instructed everyone to undress completely. This was one of the rules of the game that the redhead had neglected to tell the others about. Once one player ends up completely naked, all the other players must also remove all of their clothes. 

At this point everyone was now completely naked. For Dawn's next roll she lands on a square that lets her send any player (even herself) to any other square. She chooses to send the redhead to Center Stage. The computer then tells Dawn that she is going to be a slave trader and the redhead is to be her merchandise. Dawn has to try to sell her to Alan for use as a sex slave. She has to describe the redhead's skills and what sort of sexual use Dawn thinks she'd be good for.

While Dawn is extolling the redhead's virtues as a sexual slave, the other players may, if they choose, inspect the merchandise. Poking, prodding, fondling, and other examination is allowed. The auction will last for 3 minutes.

Dawn removed the belt from Alan's pant and secured it around the redhead's neck to use as a leash. The redhead is then led to stand in the center of the room with Alan and Dawn in front of her. As Dawn begins describing how the redheaded slave would service Alan whenever and wherever he wanted, the others approach her and begin touching her. They lifted her arms and squeezed her breasts. They also spread her legs and felt her pussy. Lisa began feeling her ass and probing her asshole with two fingers. Dennis was now much more comfortable in this setting as he was now fingering the redhead's pussy with his one hand while pinching her left nipple with the other. At the same time, Rose is squeezing and kissing her right breast. When Dawn begins explaining to Alan that this slave "takes well to punishment", the redhead's guy begins to spank her naked ass while she is still being fondled and fingered front and back. The redhead's moans are only interrupted by the loud smack when his hand makes contact. He had just completed her tenth hard spanking when the timer expired. Dawn removed the belt from the redhead's neck and the redhead returned to her seat. 

The redhead's guy then landed on the square that allows him to send a player to any square. This time he chose to send himself to the Random Encounter. The computer then told him he was to have a random encounter with Rose. He was to sit quietly while Rose straddles him. She was to then impale herself on him and take him to the brink of ecstasy. Rose seriously considered opting out since she wasn't sure how her new boyfriend would feel about her fucking their host with everyone watching. But then she recalled how wonderful his big hard cock had felt the last time they had fucked [see Chapter 23] and she decided to go for it. 

As she straddled her host's lap, she saw a look of surprise on her boyfriend's face. Thankfully it was more a look of disbelief that she was going to do it as opposed to anger at what she was about to do. In fact he looked downright excited as she lowered her pussy down on the big hard cock. While her host just sat there, she began riding up and down on his dick. At the same time she was contracting her vaginal muscles and squeezing his cock inside her pussy. Before long she felt his dick begin to throb inside her, signaling his impending orgasm. So she stopped moving and reached beneath them and pressed hard between his scrotum and his asshole. This had effectively prevented him from cumming, yet at the same time she had managed to climax, coating his dick and balls with her womanly fluids. She then climbed off of him and made her way back to Dennis. When she got there, he took her in his arms and kissed her passionately, his hard dick pressed between their naked stomachs. 
