 Stacy's firm, athletic body glistened with sweat as she lay sprawled across the bed, her freshly-fucked hole filled with my seed. My wife, kneeling at the edge of the bed inched her face closer and closer to her smoothly shaved cunt, all the while eyeing me with an evil grin on her face.

My cock, which had just begun to relax from the earlier fucking by both women, sprung back to life at the sight. Of course, I was still secured, both arms and both legs to the small wooden chair in the corner of the room. Despite my best efforts, I could not free myself from the bonds, leaving me a spectator only for the time being.

With a quick wink in my direction, my wife's tongue began teasing Stacy's slit, slowly and gently flicking across her wet lips, grazing the blonde's tight hole and causing her to moan lowly in anticipation. Stacy's hand began running through my wife's red hair, guiding her as she probed her snatch.

My wife's hand began stroking Stacy's toned, smooth legs gently up and down as she worked her way up from the calf, past the knee to her thigh and up to her cunt. My wife teased Stacy's clit with a finger as she parted her smooth cuntlips, a small stream of my cum leaking out into her eager mouth. My wife lapped up the sweet nectar of my spunk mixed with Stacy's juices, taking long, slow laps at her fuck hole.

Stacy's hips began rocking in motion with my wife's actions, rising and falling slowly up and down as she held my wife's head firmly between her legs. Stacy raised her legs up into the air, clamping my wife's head in place and giving me a front-row seat to all the action.

My wife's face was covered in a mixture of cum and cunt juice, and a fair amount of both now covered the bedspread. My cock, now back at full attention began to ooze precum and I ached to touch it, but my restraints held firm. I began to rock my hips in a thrusting motion as best I could, but still found no gratification, which elicited a small laugh from Stacy, despite my wife's best attentions.

"What's the matter, hon?" my wife cooed as she looked up from Stacy's smooth, sloppy slit, "Feeling left out?"

I could only get out a groaned "Mm-hmm" in my present state of arousal. "Please," I whispered.

"What do you think, Stace?" my wife teased. She was obviously enjoying this immensely. "She we let him loose?"

"Only if he promises to make it worth our while," the petite blonde replied.

The two women crawled up from off the bed and slowly walked across the room, my wife's large breasts bouncing so beautifully with each sultry step. They knelt down in front of the chair, side by side as Stacy took my cock in hand, stroking it so gently it nearly tickled. She opened her mouth and crept slowly towards my rock-hard member before turning her head and locking lips with my wife, swapping the remnants of cum that had so recently been inside her. Their tongues danced as the slick liquid dribbled from their lips, drops falling onto my cock.

Finally, they broke the kiss, their tongues glistening with saliva and semen. Both women locked their eyes on mine as both tongues simultaneously licked the small drops off the head of my cock, sending a wave of pleasure through my body. My wife's warm, wet mouth engulfed my swollen member just as Stacy's tongue began lapping at my balls. The feeling was intense, and I nearly came again right there. I felt Stacy's long, tender strokes sliding across my sack, timing nearly perfectly with my wife thrusting my cock in and out of her mouth. With an audible pop, my prick slid out of her mouth, glistening in the bedroom light. My wife began stroking it with one hand while pulling Stacy in for another kiss with the other. The sight of two beautiful women kissing behind my cock while it was being stroked was amazing. Their eyes were closed in ecstasy as their lips and tongues probed each other, each with one hand in the other's hair.

Stacy's hand soon joined my wife's stroking my cock, their pace quickening with the intensity of their kisses. As they broke the kiss, Stacy took my cock into her mouth, her tongue working magic around the head before she plunged in further. My wife, in turn began focusing her attentions on my sack, slowly and gently taking one into her mouth, sucking on it and massaging it with her tongue. She knew from experience just how much pressure it took, keeping me right on that edge of pleasure and pain, the sensations both wonderful and frightening at the same time.

My hips began rocking again involuntarily and I knew release was immenent. Stacy barely came up for air while bobbing up and down on my shaft, while my wife tickled and tortured my balls with all the effort she could muster. Just as I was about to blow, both women abruptly stopped.

My wife's cruel laugh broke the silence, "Now, now, sweetie, you've already shot once tonight, and we're not even close to done with you yet. Better save it for a while still."

My head fell back and hit the hard back of the wooden chair with a dull thud as I groaned in sexual frustration. I could practically feel my balls turning blue after all the attention without release, but as I was still bound the the chair, there was really nothing I could do except sit back and wait for them to decide I was allowed to cum again.

"Well," my wife said, "I suppose maybe just a little more won't hurt. If you promise you won't blow your wad."

At that point I would have agreed to just about anything she asked. I nodded my assent and my wife turned her back to me, positioning herself in my lap again. Grasping my cock, she slid it into her dripping wet snatch ever so slowly, knowing that too much might just send me over the edge.

Stacy, not about to be left out, kissed gently down my wife's neck, caressing her voluptuous breasts with her hands and teasing her hard, pink nipples. As my wife gently pumped herself up and down on my cock, Stacy took a nipple into her mouth, sucking hungrily at my wife's tit. My wife moaned in pleasure, throwing her head back and stealing a sloppy kiss from me, her tongue teasing my lips, although it was obvious she was focused more on her own pleasure at the moment.

Stacy's lips left my wife's breast and continued downward, licking and kissing down her abdomen, running her fingers down to the small, trimmed triangle of pubic hair, wet with my wife's juices that was sliding up and down my cock. The petite blonde's tongue lashed out at those stretched lips, reaching both cunt and cock in the same act. My wife stopped moving for a moment and allowed Stacy to lick and suck the base of my cock while it was buried deep within her. In long strokes, Stacy licked my cock up to my wife's clit, pausing temporarily to tease it gently before repeating the process, causing both of us to moan in pleasure before running her tongue under the folds of my wife's cunt, tasting her slit and my cock simultaneously.

"Ok, I think that's enough for now," my wife said with a smile as she pulled herself off of me. Without missing a beat, Stacy's mouth engulfed my cock, still dripping with my wife's juices, licking up each and every drop of the sweet, tangy liquid. Sadly, this attention only lasted a brief moment before the women were making their way, arm in arm, back over to the bed.

My head was still spinning and my cock throbbing from the intensity of the situation. The cool bedroom air felt nearly frigid against my cock, still standing hard and swollen and glistening with Stacy's saliva. I tugged again at my restraints, to no avail. Whatever these two were up to next, it apparently wasn't going to include me.

My wife opened up the nightstand and pulled something out with a laugh, shielding it from me with her body and whispering something to Stacy. She smiled and nodded, proceeding over towards me and locking her lips on mine in a ferocious kiss. Her hands firmly grasped my head, demanding my full attention as her tongue darted into my mouth. She pulled back almost as quickly as she came on, but immediately thrust her tight, perky little tits into my face and guiding my mouth towards her perfectly pink nipples. My tongue immediately went to work, tracing tiny circles around her tit, wishing with all my might I could have a hand free to grasp her tiny, yet wonderfully firm bosom.

Stacy leaned over, as if trying to smother me with her tits. They were so different from my wife's magnificent mounds, yet so wonderful in their own right Stacy's hard body was toned and firm, her abs, ass and thighs a masterpiece of human physique. It was amazing to be so turned on by both my curvy, voluptuous, incredibly beautiful wife and this physical specimen of a woman, so different, yet so incredibly sexy.

When Stacy finally pulled her amazing bosom away and retreated to the bed, I could finally see what my wife had pulled from the drawer. At least, with her facing away from me, I could see she had black straps cupping her tight ass attached to a matching belt. Even though I should have realized, it took until she turned around for it to dawn on me.

My wife spun around slowly, revealing a light pink dildo attached to a black harness at her crotch. It was nearly 7 inches long, about the same size as my cock actually. It looked so strange, yet so incredible to see my wife wearing a strap-on. She motioned Stacy over, who knelt in front of my wife, grasping her plastic cock and stroking it just as if it were a real one.

Gazing up at my wife with her beautiful blue eyes, Stacy took my wife's cock into her mouth, sucking at it just as aggressively as she had with mine earlier. She slid a hand up my wife's thigh and began teasing her pussy with a finger as she licked and sucked at the strap-on. My wife began thrusting her hips slightly as her cock disappeared into the tiny blonde's willing mouth. Stacy popped the toy out and stroked it like a pro as she slid the base to the side slightly and parted my wife's dripping cunt lips with he eager tongue. My wife gasped in pleasure as Stacy's tongue probed her sex, her eyes darting from Stacy's hand on her strap-on cock, to me, to Stacy's face buried in her pussy.

I could hardly contain myself, and it must have been obvious by the look on my wife's face. It was obvious she was getting off on my reactions to everything and at this point I was like a dog in heat. My body was sweating in a sexual stupor, my face burning with lust as I watched the two sexiest women I knew devouring each other as I sat helpless to do anything but enjoy the show.

Stacy once again laid down on the bed, her legs hanging over the edge in a position such that I was sure to have a good view of what was about to happen. She spread her legs eagerly, showing off a beautiful wet pussy practically aching to be fucked.

My wife, stroking her slick, pink cock, didn't leave her disappointed. She walked up to the edge of the bed and positioned the toy at the entrance to Stacy's womanhood. Stacy, for her part, grasped my wife firmly by the hips and pulled her cock inside. In one smooth motion my wife was plastic-balls deep in the tiny young blonde, who screamed out in pleasure as she was penetrated. Stacy pulled my wife down for an intense kiss as the strap-on began pumping in and out of her tight hole.

My wife cupped one of her massive tits, guiding it toward Stacy's eager mouth. As the plastic dong continued to slam in and out of Stacy's snatch, the petite blonde buried her face in my wife's bosom, grasping and kneading, licking and sucking like a woman possessed. Stacy alternated from nipple to nipple, sucking hungrily at one for a minute before switching back to the other, causing my wife to cry out in pleasure like I'd never heard her before.

She was like an animal, caged for years, finally set free and running wild and reckless. Her shouts of ecstasy grew more frequent, more voracious until finally she could take no more. With a final, incredible scream of pleasure, my wife came, gasping for breath and continuing to pump Stacy's hot snatch with her strap-on until, after what seemed like minutes, the orgasm finally subsided.

"No, don't stop now," Stacy moaned, her hips still bucking and rocking on the pink dildo in her cunt. My wife sat up, her hands roaming freely over Stacy's body, caressing her firm breasts in gentle circles as she withdrew the toy.

"Please...I'm almost there," Stacy panted.

"Get up," my wife said, "and come down here." She patted the end of the bed. Stacy pulled herself up slowly and crawled to the end of the bed. "Turn around and bend over the bed," my wife ordered. The petite blonde slid her legs over the edge and turned around, giving me a fantastic view of her incredibly tight round ass.

My wife walked over to me with a huge smile on her face, "Are you ready, stud? She's right there, waiting for you to fuck her." Without another word, she bent down to unfasten my ankle restraint, slipping my cock into her mouth in the process. Less than a minute later, my legs were free and my hip involuntarily began pumping my cock in and out of my wife's mouth.

"Not so fast, hon," my wife said as she released my prick from her mouth. "You saw how bad she needs it, go take care of her."

With that, my wife unstrapped my arms and pulled me up out of the chair. My animal instincts took hold of me as I rushed over to Stacy, grasping her hips and driving my aching cock deep into her snatch.

"OH, YES! OH MY GOD!" Stacy screamed as I fucked her hard and fast, my loins slapping hard against those tight buttocks with each thrust. My hands slid up her back, caressing and exploring this nubile body which I had been forbidden to touch all night. I cupped her firm, round breast, engulfing the it entirely in my hand, the feeling so different from my wife's double-Ds. I pinched and tweaked her nipples which were standing straight out in her excitement as my cock continued to pound her tight little cunt.

With a final shout of pleasure, Stacy came hard on my cock, collapsing down onto the bed in post-orgasmic bliss. Her eyes closed, she panted and whimpered for what felt like an hour before sliding herself off my cock, spinning around and taking it deep into her mouth.

"Hey, what about me?" my wife asked. "Don't think you can get him all to yourself?"

I pulled my cock out of her mouth and turned around, greeted by the sight of my beautiful wife standing naked behind me, the strap-on cock now laying on the floor. She walked up to me and locked her lips on mine, her hand stroking my cock which was still wet with Stacy's saliva and cunt juice.

Without warning, she shoved me down on the bed and straddled me, pushing my cock into her dripping wet snatch. Her enormous breasts swaying and bouncing with her every movement, my wife began fucking me, slowing raising and lowering herself on my shaft.

My hands reached up to caress her wondferful breasts, relishing the familiar feeling of her soft, round mounds. I pulled her down on top of me, drawing a breast to my mouth to steal a taste of those fantastic nipples. I sucked hungrily at her tit, taking over control of the pace of our fucking, driving my cock deeper and harder into her at a faster and faster pace.

Suddenly, I noticed Stacy had climbed up on the bed behind my wife. She began kissing and caressing my wife's back and neck, reaching around to fondle her other breast. I could feel her other hand down around my cock and my wife's snatch, a small, cool trickle of lube dribbling down from her asshole and onto my cock.

Stacy slid a finger gently into my wife's ass, causing her to start and look back. As she turned, I could see Stacy had the pink strap-on dildo around her hips and was rubbing lube on it with her free hand. Her finger probed deeper into my wife's puckered asshole and I could feel the slight pressure through her vaginal wall.

My wife turned back around and kissed me aggressively, her hands grabbing handfuls of bed covers as Stacy positioned the head of the dildo at my wife's asshole. After another squirt of lube and instructions to relax, Stacy pushed her cock slowly in, filling my wife's backdoor with the slick, pink toy. She went gently, giving my wife time to adjust to the size of the cock in her ass before pushing it in deeper.

The sensation of the plastic cock pushing against the inside of my wife's cunt was incredible. Despite keeping my cock still in her pussy, I could feel the motion of the dildo as it pushed and squeezed at the thin membrane separating my wife's holes.

Stacy began to slide in and out of my wife's ass, slowly and gently fucking her virgin asshole. Taking her cue, I began to pump away at her cunt again, working to reach a good rhythm with Stacy as together we pounded her holes.

"AHHHHHHH," my wife moaned, "It's so much.....it's so......so.....incredible!" she panted between our strokes. "Harder! Faster! Don't stop!" she screamed, her face a portrait of pleasure.

Stacy and I increased our pace, furiously pounding away, our cocks slamming my wife's holes in unison.

"How do you liked getting fucked in the ass, you slut?" Stacy shouted as she slapped my wife hard across the rump, which sent her over the edge. Her pussy spasmed in pleasure and she cried out as she came, over and over again, longer, harder and wetter than she had ever come before.

Finally, my will to hold my load gave out and I shot a fountain of hot sticky cum deep into my wife's cunt. Wave after wave of semen erupted from my cock until I was sure I had completely emptied my balls in one massive orgasm.

My wife collapsed on top of me, her breathing coming hard and fast now as she worked back down from orgasmic heaven, my cock still buried in her snatch and Stacy's dildo deep in her ass.

After what felt like a blissful eternity, Stacy and I pulled out of my wife, still gasping in pleasure. Sliding the harness off and dropping the toy on the floor, the three of us snuggled up under the blankets of the bed and fell asleep.