 It was hard to believe that it was just 8 months ago that The Chair first went on the market. And it became almost an overnight success (as far as sex toys go). Construction had just been completed on their new 10,000 square foot home. Although it would not be considered a modest house, it could not quite be declared extravagant. 

The two of them had worked with an architect on the design of their dream home. Being an electrical engineer, he had specified, and helped design, a complete home automation system that would link all systems throughout the house. They can control the whole house lighting from any computer. They can also automate the filling or heating of the Jacuzzi or hot tub, the starting of the coffeemaker, etc. Audio and/or video can also be routed throughout the house. 

Leading up to the house is a long curving asphalt driveway. Buried underneath the drive is a hydronic (fluid based) heating system to reduce snow and ice build up during the cold winter months. 

Attached to the house is a three car Garage, each with its own electric door opener and insulated sectional door. The advantage of the sectional doors being that there is no clearance needed in front of them in order to open the door. In between each garage space is enough clearance to open a car door fully without hitting the adjacent car. The garage space is also extra deep, allowing for a walkway and storage space in front of each car. A single steel reinforced door leads from the garage into the house. 

The Great Room has a large expanse of windows on one wall, providing a wonderful view of the landscaped back yard. Leading up to the second floor is a large curved staircase with an oak cap on the top of the curved plaster wall. Along two walls of the second floor, there is a mezzanine that looks down into the great room. The railing is a 42 inch high plate glass wall capped with the same oak railing as the staircase. Back on the main floor, there is a sunken living area around the large fireplace. Mounted above the fireplace is a large flat screen television. 

The ceiling height on the first and second floors is 10 feet, making the space seem larger and more open than with standard 8 foot ceilings. The basement has a finished ceiling height of 8 feet and is divided into several functional areas. 

The Game Room features a 2-lane AMF bowling alley with automatic ball return, pin setter, scorekeeper and scorecard projection. Also in the Game Room are a pool table, a dartboard, a Ping-Pong table, a poker table, a blackjack table, and several classic arcade games (Centipede, Asteroids, Tempest, and Qix). One corner of the room also features a fully stocked bar with a mini refrigerator/freezer. 

The Workshop features all the woodworking tools an amateur or professional woodworker could want. Table saw, radial arm saw, router table, wood lathe, band saw, bench sander, planer/jointer, and drill press. Of course there is also a central dust collection system with connections to each workstation. It turns on automatically whenever any piece of equipment is turned on and runs for 10 seconds after the equipment is turned off. There is also an auxiliary vacuum hose that can be stretched to all corners of the workshop for cleaning up any other debris. 

The Laundry Room features state of the art energy efficient front loading washer and dryer. The front loading feature is supposed to use less water while getting the clothes cleaner. 

Back on the main floor, is the Pool Room. This room encloses half of an in ground swimming pool. The outside wall is predominately glass, affording a wonderful view of the back yard and the outdoor pool and the surrounding deck. Beneath the water, is a retractable wall that seals off the indoor pool from the outdoor pool. This partition also serves to insulate the indoor pool during the cold Michigan winters even though the pool is heated. The underwater partition, as well as the wall above the water, can be opened to provide a large continuous indoor/outdoor pool. Additionally, there is an automatic hard surface cover that can be extended over the indoor pool to provide a large floor for dancing or other activities. In the basement wall adjacent to the pool are a number of portholes that provide unique underwater views into the pool. Beside the pool is a hot tub that can comfortably seat 6 people. 

The Movie Room is a complete home entertainment center featuring a home theater with a dozen theater style seats located behind two loveseats that are angled toward the screen, Dolby surround sound, DVD, VHS, and cable capabilities. To complete the theater experience is a popcorn popper. The windows have motorized window treatments, so that at the touch of a single button all the shades can be closed to watch a movie. 

Another workshop, this one for electronics, is on the main floor. The workbench holds the oscilloscope, volt meters, power supplies, soldering iron, and function generator that he requires for making modifications or repairs to The Chair. Next to the workbench is a desk with 2 computers on it. The one computer is used for testing whatever electronic project he is working on at the time while the second computer is wired into the home network. This computer he uses for documenting his work and downloading component datasheets from the internet. 

The Exercise Room is walled with floor to ceiling mirrors and stocked with all the machines and weights to exercise every part of the body. Since meeting the redhead and launching their business, he had begun taking better care of himself. 

Next to the exercise room is a small Rehearsal Hall for the redhead. The walls are paneled with mirrors much like the exercise room is. There is a slightly elevated floor simulating a stage. In the center of the "stage" is a brass floor-to-ceiling stripper pole. He had gotten the idea for this room when he had heard Pamela Anderson state on the Tonight Show that she wanted a stripper pole for Christmas. Surprisingly it was relatively easy to find a supplier on the internet. 

There is also a Home Office where they can conduct business from home whenever they desire. The walls are lined with bookcases filled with many books, mostly of a technical nature. There is also a large desk that holds a flat panel LCD screen and a computer that is networked into the home network and the Internet through a high speed cable link. 

Cleverly concealed behind a panel in the office is the entrance to the Panic Room. In this day and age with the increasing number of home invasions, they decided that they couldn't be too careful. There are surveillance cameras that monitor every inch of the house as well as the grounds. There is also communications equipment capable of automatically summoning help in case of an emergency. The room is fully self-contained and has battery backup for all the electronics in case the power is cut. The Panic Room also serves as the central control for the security system. 

Similarly concealed behind a panel in the Rehearsal Hall is the entrance to the Play Room (Dungeon). This room while having no doors inside is partitioned into several different areas. One section features walls textured with stone and resembling a medieval dungeon. Embedded in the mortar of one wall are shackles dangling from chains. Hanging from the ceiling is an hourglass shaped cage from the dark ages used for suspending prisoners. Another section is styled more after what a dominatrix may like and features more of a wood theme. Scattered around this room are a spanking bench, a wooden horse, a modern version of the rack, a large wooden throne with eye hooks for securing subjects, and against one wall is a St. Andrews Cross. A cabinet against the wall also features a large assortment of whips, riding crops, floggers, cats-of-nine-tails, etc. 

Taking center stage, in a more modern area with mirrors covering most of the walls as well as the ceiling, is the first production unit of The Chair. Between The Chair and one of the mirrored walls, on a padded bench to raise it to a more comfortable level is the Sybian. This device had partially inspired development of The Chair, although at the time he had only seen it in videos and never in person. The Sybian is a saddle shaped seat with 2 vibrators/dildos protruding upward. When activated, the vibrators also move up and down in a motion similar to that of an oscillating spindle sander. Along the other wall is a vacu-bed similar to the one he had used on her at the fetish club [see chapter 19]. Also in the Play Room, hanging from the ceiling, is a sex swing. The redhead had been the first to introduce him to the swing. But they tended not to use it that often since she becomes so physically drained when using it. That's not to say she doesn't enjoy the fantastic mind-blowing orgasms. In fact she is usually so stimulated in the swing that she ejaculates on him almost as much as (or even more than) he does in her. 

On the main floor is the Master Bedroom. A large king size bed centered along one wall looks out the windows to a spectacular view of the morning sunrise. Cleverly concealed in the headboard and footboard are wrist and ankle restraints respectively, which they can use as the mood suits them. There is also a mirror mounted on the ceiling above the bed. A cabinet against the wall opposite the bed conceals a large screen high-definition TV that electrically rises up out of the cabinet. At push of button, the ceiling mirror tilts and the TV image is inverted. This allows them to watch TV while laying flat on their backs. Of course the mirror can also be fun other times. 

The master bedroom has a connecting door to the Mater Bathroom. In the bathroom is a large tiled shower built for 2 with clear glass doors. The shower itself has one standard massaging shower head and eight separate body spray heads (2 in each corner). There is also a large Jacuzzi tub with ample room for 2. The Jacuzzi itself is raised up one step from the bathroom floor. Under the step is the same indirect lighting that surrounds the ceiling in a soffit. This allows them to set the proper mood with dimming. 

The Kitchen has a very clean high-tech appearance to it. Convection, microwave, and halogen ovens. A flat glass surface cook top with 6 burners and a concealed exhaust vent that pops up from the cook top when required. A large refrigerator freezer and a separate wine cooler. An electric dumbwaiter (a sort of small elevator) can be used to send food (or other goods) to either the basement or the second floor. 

The bathrooms and kitchen all have an in-floor heating system to provide the ultimate comfort on those cold Michigan winter mornings. 

The whole house itself also has a backup generator system that automatically takes over if power is ever lost. The system powers itself up once a week for about 20 minutes in order to check its own operation. It will even automatically notify the owner when it requires maintenance. 

The grounds themselves are beautifully landscaped. A six-foot tall hedge surrounds the perimeter of the back yard providing privacy without the stark look that a fence would present. An in-ground automatic sprinkler system takes care of watering the lawn and other plants. Moisture sensors prevent the system from turning on if it is raining or if the soil does not need watering. Lighting accents highlight both the house and the landscaping. 

There is also a lighted tennis court for some of their outdoor recreation. 

***

To celebrate the completion of their showcase home, they decided to throw a party for some of their closest friends. The guests began arriving promptly at 7:00 pm as requested on the invitations. Valets handled parking the cars as the guests arrived. As the guests entered through the front door, the first thing to catch their attention was a large framed photograph hanging on the wall straight in front of them. The photograph was one of the naked torso of a woman, cropped between her neck and mid-thigh. In the photo, the woman's body was dripping with wet paint of several vibrant colors. 

In the front entrance, a beautiful young brunette dressed in a sexy French maid's uniform took everyone's coats as they arrived. Her maid's outfit did very little to cover her lovely body. The neckline was extremely low cut with a lace border draped precariously low across the tops of her breasts. Her waist was cinched tightly in a black bustier that forced her full breasts even further out the top of her uniform. The hemline of the skirt barely fell below her crotch, revealing a very skimpy black lace panty that did almost nothing to hide her pubic region or her delectable ass. A pair of sheer black stockings with seams up the back were held up by a matching black garter belt. After taking the guests' coats, the maid directed them down the short hallway to the right. 

Along the walls of the hallway were other pieces of erotic art. Each picture was framed in light coming from carefully focused light fixtures mounted in the hallway ceiling. The first picture was a painting of an hourglass shape using the same colors as in the photograph at the entrance. Some guests immediately recognized the painting for what it was, while others had to be told. This painting had actually been made by pressing the canvas against the nude model in the first photograph while the paint on her body was still wet. 

The next photograph was that of a naked female bound with rope. This photo was also cropped at the neck and mid-thigh the same as the first had been. Each of her breasts were bound but completely exposed while the ropes down below formed a sort of g-string. On the wall opposite this picture was the rear view of the same bound model with her naked ass framed by the ropes around her waist and up the crack in her ass. In this photo the model's hair was visible hanging down in front of her shoulders, her red hair. It now became evident to most that ventured down this hallway that all the photographs were of their female host. Her guy took great pride in his photographs of his redhead. He got a certain thrill hearing the admiring comments on the model from those who did not yet realize that they were talking about his lady. 

As the guests first stepped into the Great Room, the first things that caught their attention were the three life-size sculptures of naked women placed on pedestals around the room. As they got closer, they realized that these were not sculptures at all, but real live naked women painted from head to toe to look like marble or granite. 

In the corner of the room there was a good looking waiter tending bar shirtless. Everyone began mingling and commenting on how great the house was. When the redhead made her entrance down the stairs, she caught everyone's attention. She was wearing a long emerald green sequined gown. The top of the gown wrapped around her neck then crossed over her chest with a thin strip of material capturing each breast. The strips then circled around her back leaving her midriff exposed before expanding into the lower portion of the gown. While the gown was long, each side was slit up almost to her hips, which provided ample view of her naked legs as she walked. If she took a long enough step, anyone watching from the side would be able to see that she was not wearing any panties. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, she gave her guy a kiss and then announced to the room that the buffet was now ready in the dining room. 

A drape at the entrance to the dining room was pulled back by another one of the sexily dressed maids. As everyone headed through the threshold, they were pleasantly surprised by what they saw. Laid out on the long table was a beautiful naked brunette. Placed judiciously over her body were many different types of sushi. Someone in the back of the gathering crowd (who must have heard of this practice before) yelled out, "Hey! It's a naked sushi party!" As each person neared the head of the table, the French maid would hand them a plate and a pair of chop sticks to help themselves with. As they rounded the corner at the end of the sushi table, they were then greeted by two additional buffet tables. The first featured an assortment of fruit and vegetables adorning the body of a naked blonde. The last table held the main course. There were several warming trays filled with pasta, Swedish meatballs, and chicken wings. And laying in the center of the table on a slight incline was a naked dark-haired man with a dark bronze tan. Hanging on his semi-hard penis was a stack of alternating chicken rings and onion rings, looking like the result of some bizarre game of ring toss. Most of the men avoided the rings from this unusual serving tray and opted instead for those that were setting in an ordinary warming tray on the table. The women however were quite enthusiastic as they would pluck the rings from his dick with their chop sticks. As the stack of rings was depleted, one of the maids would replenish the stack. 

Once everyone had helped themselves to the buffet, the entertainment began in the Great Room. Two of the naked female "statues" were now standing on a single pedestal. Music began to flow through the audio system and the two women began to dance. They performed a slow sensuous dance, touching and being touched, kissing and being kissed. As the music transitioned into the fourth song, the two females pulled each other down on the pedestal. The woman on top turned around so her face was just above the other's crotch while her own crotch was above the other girl's face. As they brought their bodies together, they both began licking at the other's pussy. The guests watched in awe, at times almost to the point they forgot to continue eating, as the two statues made love to each other. The two women continued pleasuring each other until the guests had finished off almost all of the buffet. 

The maids moved whatever food was left to a small table and took the rest of the serving dishes (and the human serving trays) to the kitchen for cleaning. They then changed out of their serving uniforms and left. The waiter serving drinks and the valets were now the only staff left on the premises. 

As the party got into full swing, the guests began to wander around the house exploring the multitude of rooms and distractions. Nikki had decided to explore the basement with her male host. While walking down the long hallway to the game room, she stopped at one of the portholes to look out into the pool. She had seen some movement that had caught her eye. As she looked out she saw two naked bodies frolicking in the pool. With their heads above the water, she could not tell who they were. As they watched, the man had one hand massaging the woman's right breast while with his other hand he was massaging her pussy. As Nikki continued looking out the porthole, she was suddenly startled when the female was quickly pressed up against the glass. Her red pubic hair inches away from Nikki's face, separated only by the thick glass. Of course since there was only one redhead at the party, they knew instantly who the female was. As they watched, the man came up behind her and began inserting his long hard dick into the redhead's pussy. Her host stood behind Nikki with his hands on her waist, watching over her shoulder as his redhead enjoyed a thorough fucking in the pool. After watching the couple for 5 minutes or so, Nikki said that she couldn't stand there watching any more. 

They then continued down the hallway to the game room. Once there, he poured them each a drink while Nikki racked the balls on the pool table. As the game progressed, she told him how hot she was after watching his redhead with the unidentified man. He told her that he knew just the cure. As she turned to him to ask what it was, he grabbed her by the hips and lifted her swiftly onto the edge of the pool table. He then slipped his hands under her short skirt and slipped her panties down off her legs. He forced her to lay back on the pool table as he lowered his head beneath her skirt and began slowly licking the lips of her pussy. Evidently watching his lady in the pool had gotten Nikki quite excited as she was already very wet. He alternated between licking her pussy and licking her clit until Nikki had her first orgasm. When he looked up from under her skirt, he saw that she had unbuttoned the white chiffon blouse she was wearing and she had been playing with her own nipples as he ate her. 
