 Mikey was again getting the barbecue ready. Ken and Suzie were coming over for another barbecue and a little something extra. Mikey had been horny all day thinking about it but had purposefully stayed away from Missy. He wanted to be really ready tonight for whatever happened.

All week, his mind had kept returning to the previous weekend when Ken and Suzie had come over for dinner. The sight of his wife and Suzie giving him and Ken tit fucks was just too amazing. Mikey got instantly hard just thinking about it. Tonight, maybe a repeat performance, and maybe, if he was lucky a little more.

Missy watched Mikey as she got the rest of dinner ready. He was hard in his shorts already. Like Mikey, Missy had thought about last weekend. She still couldn't quite believe it. Her whole body heated up when she thought about it.

When the doorbell rang, Mikey and Missy both answered it, a big smile on their faces. Ken and Suzie had the same smile. For the first hour, conversation was polite and no one brought it up. After dinner, Missy suggested a little swim again. This time, neither Missy nor Suzie even thought of swimsuits. Both stood by the side of the pool and stripped for their husbands.

Mikey looked first at Missy. She was so beautiful. Her round breasts and round ass. His cock got even harder watching her. His eyes shifted to Suzie. What turned him on with Suzie was her chest. She had the most beautiful tits, big, round and well, big. Her DD's were really amazing. Both women crawled into the water and swam, playing and splashing each other. Both men were getting harder and harder just watching them.

After a while, Missy and Suzie both crawled out of the water. Taking one of the towels, Missy was rubbing the towel over her nipples. Missy looked over her shoulder at Mikey and smiled. Suzie wasn't about to be outdone. Lifting Missy's breasts, she wiped underneath the massive mounds and gently stroked her nipples. Missy moaned and Suzie smiled. Then they turned and faced their husbands.

Without saying a word, both women stood in front of their husband. Missy reached down and slowly unzipped Mikey's shorts. As she was pushing his shorts down, Suzie was pulling Ken's shorts down. Both men's cocks sprung out and up. Kneeling in front of them, Missy and Suzie smiled. They had talked about this all week and the men were in for a surprise.

Suzie slowly took Ken's cock in her mouth, sucking him hard and slow. As her mouth pulled on his cock, her hands rubbed his balls. Ken moaned and closed his eyes. Missy took Mikey's cock in her hand and slowly squeezed the tip of his cock. As she played with the head, her tongue licked up and down his shaft. As her tongue moved over him, her fingers stroked him. Then, she slid him all the way in her mouth. Mikey moaned and grunted. Her mouth was so warm.

Getting the cocks wet, the women then took each cock and wrapped them between their luscious breasts. Mikey moaned and opened his eyes, looking down to watch his rock hard cock move in and out of Missy's breasts. Ken was moaning, loving the feeling of Suzie's soft mounds wrapped around his rod. Up and down, both women moved their breasts, tit fucking their husbands.

After a few minutes, both Missy and Suzie stopped. Ken and Mikey looked heartbroken. But that was going to change quickly. Crawling towards Suzie, Missy moved in front of Ken. Suzie had crawled in front of Mikey. Mikey couldn't believe his eyes. He thought he would burst immediately as Suzie took his cock in her mouth and sucked.

"Oh shit!!"

Both men grunted at once. Missy was slowly licking Ken's shaft before taking him in her mouth. Mikey looked over and watched as his wife took his friend's cock in her mouth and sucked him. He looked down and watched as Suzie was devouring his cock in her mouth, her hands rubbing his balls. Then all his fantasies came true as Suzie moved his cock from her mouth to her breasts. As Suzie's soft breasts wrapped themselves around his hard cock, Mikey thought he had died and gone to heaven.

Mikey pushed his cock upwards in Suzie's breasts. Each time his head poked through, Suzie would lick the tip. Mikey watched his cock disappear and reappear between her mounds and moaned. He looked over and watched as Missy had wrapped her breasts around Ken's cock and was repeating the same motion over there. Over and over again, Mikey watched Missy take the tip of Ken's cock in her mouth before it disappeared between her breasts.

Ken was the first to cum, spilling his juices over Missy's pale breasts. She sucked the tip of his cock clean and then released his cock from her breasts. Ken fell back on the lounge chair, his limp cock twitching between his legs. Missy crawled over to Mikey and Suzie. As Suzie continued to tit fuck Mikey's cock, Missy crawled down underneath and Mikey grunted as Missy's mouth closed over his balls and sucked. Never had he dreamed of anything this good. He was getting tit fucked by a massive pair of breasts and his wife was sucking his balls as it happened. He grunted, pushed his cock upwards and then shot his cum all over Suzie's breasts.

Reaching up, Missy grabbed Mikey's cock and jerked him, shooting even more cum onto Suzie. Mikey smiled and collapsed back on the lounge chair. Both women smiled and went back into the pool to clean up. As they swam, both women rubbed against each other. Missy began stroking Suzie's breasts, running her fingers over her nipples and squeezing. Leaning down, Missy took a nipple in her mouth and sucked. As Suzie moaned, both men sat up and watched.

Missy's mouth closed around Suzie's other nipple and sucked, pulling her into her mouth. Suzie had reached underneath the water and was gently stroking Missy's pussy with her fingers. Missy moaned and Suzie slipped a finger just inside and then pulled back out. Suzie leaned down and sucked Missy's nipples as Missy leaned her head back and moaned. Suzie's fingers stroked her pussy as her tongue stroked her nipples.

Watching a little of this and both men were raring to go again. They stripped out of the rest of their clothes and crawled into the water with the women. Taking Missy's hand, Mikey led her to the steps and turned her around. Bracing herself against the edge of the pool, Missy turned her head over her shoulder and watched as Mikey guided his cock into her tight pussy. She moaned and pushed back against him.

Ken had taken Suzie and had her sitting on the pool step. Opening her legs wide, he leaned down and flicked his tongue over her pussy, licking her. Mikey watched as Ken's tongue disappeared inside her pussy. Standing up, he opened Suzie's legs wider and guided his cock into her pussy. Both women were moaning as their husbands fucked them, pushing their cocks harder and harder into them. It wasn't long before both women were cumming and cumming hard.

Ken and Mikey both looked at each other and smiled. Instant communication. Pulling their cocks out, Ken and Mikey traded places. Mikey pushed Suzie's legs open and looked at her pink pussy. Slowly, he pushed the tip of his cock against her lips and opened her. Suzie moaned and bucked her hips. As Mikey slowly disappeared inside Suzie's tight hole, he watched as Ken rammed his cock up inside Missy's pussy. Watching another man fuck his wife turned Mikey on.

Grabbing Suzie's hips, Mikey pumped his cock into her, fucking her hard. Missy was moaning for Ken to fuck her harder and Ken was having trouble making that happen. Reaching around, Ken fondled Missy's tits as his cock slammed in and out of her. Mikey pushed harder into Suzie. Both grunted and came. Mikey pulled out and Suzie took his cock in her mouth, sucking him clean.

Ken was still fucking Missy, his balls slamming against her. Mikey moved over and sat next to his wife. As Ken fucked her, Mikey kissed her mouth, his tongue slipping between her lips. She moaned and her orgasm ripped through her as Mikey kissed her. Suzie moved down and was sucking on Ken's balls as he fucked Missy. That did him in and he pulled out, his cum spewing everywhere. Suzie took his cock in her mouth and sucked.

Both couples sat back, cuddling and stroking each other. Another friendly barbecue and no complaints. Maybe next time they'd ask that third couple and see what they could do with that challenge.