 The weather had been perfect all week.  The forecast for the weekend was for more of the same.  It was going to be ideal for a little get together.  Mikey was getting the barbecue set up and Dede was setting up the wine and beer.  Mikey kept looking over at Dede.  In her little blue sundress, she was a goddess.  Her auburn hair was pulled back away from her face, tucked behind her ears.  The dress was snug but not overly tight.  Mikey appreciated how it clung to all her curves, from her chest down to her nice, round ass.  He loved that ass.  As he watched her, he felt the stirrings in his pants.  His cock always responded to her, no matter where they were or what they were doing.

Dede could feel his eyes on her.  It wasn’t difficult to know that Mikey was getting turned on.  He was always horny, which did wonderful things for Dede’s ego.  Teasing him, she leaned over, letting her dress pull against her ass, rising up the back of her thighs.  Straightening, she turned and looked at him.  She smiled as she noticed his cock was filling out the front of his pants.

“Having a little problem over there?” she called out, seductive and ready to play.

“Not with the barbecue, I’m not,” reaching down, he rubbed his hand over his groin, “but I’m having one hell of a problem in here.”

Mikey appreciated how she walked towards him.  Her breasts were free under her dress and as she walked, the natural swing was erotic and arousing.  Stopping to stand just in front of him, Dede ran her finger across his lower lip and then slipped her other hand down between them.  The palm of her hand covered his groin and pushed gently against him.

“Here?” Her voice was dripping with sex.

Mikey nodded as Dede’s hand expertly lowered his zipper and slipped inside.  His 8” cock felt like it was hard as steel and could fuck concrete.  Her hand wrapped around him and pulled him free of his pants.  Mikey let a small grunt escape his mouth as her fingers tightened around his cock and pulled.  Smiling, Dede knelt down in front of him.   Running her tongue around the tip of his cock, she tortured him with light circles.  His cock shivered and her lips squeezed the tip, her tongue pushing against his hole.  He moaned.

Dede loved to suck his cock.  Her mouth closed around his head and pushed down slowly, enveloping his shaft in her mouth, the tip touching the back of her throat.  She sucked hard and slow, her fingers alternating between stroking his cock and cupping his balls.  Mikey loves to have his balls sucked.  Holding his cock in her hand and squeezing up and down firmly, she lowered her mouth to his sac and sucked a ball into her mouth.  Mikey groaned and pushed against her.  His hands were pulling on her hair, holding onto her.  Up and down her mouth went, moving from cock to balls and back again.  Mikey’s cock was getting harder and harder, his grunts getting louder and louder.  

Dede slid her mouth over his cock again, pulling him deep in her mouth and sucked hard and fast.  Mikey groaned and pushed against her again.  His cock erupted in her mouth, filling her throat with his warm cream.  Dede kept sucking, drinking every last drop.  Mikey moaned as she slowly withdrew his cock from her lips.  Standing, Dede wiped her mouth and smiled.

Mikey reached for her just as the doorbell rang.  She smiled and as she walked by whispered maybe he’d get to fuck her tits later.  His eyes glazed over and his cock shivered again.  He loved to tit fuck.  As Dede went inside to greet their guests, Mikey cleaned his cock and shoved it back in his pants.  Later, definitely later.

Ken and Sharon were old friends.  The foursome tried to get together every once in a while just to catch up and relax.  Mikey had always appreciated Sharon.  She was a pretty woman, soft features, beautiful blonde hair.  But what turned Mikey’s head was her chest.  He loved Dede’s beautiful round tits and they were perfect for him, but Sharon had massive tits.  He guessed her to be a DD and that thought alone could send him into fantasies.  Ken was always telling Mikey how good Sharon’s tits were, how they fucked him just right.  Mikey would never tell Ken that he’d fantasized about sliding his hard cock up and down through Sharon’s mountains.  Nope, that was his private fantasy.

Ken helped Mikey get the barbecue going while Sharon helped Dede in the kitchen with everything else.  Dinner was quick and good, everyone full.  As the dishes were cleared away, Dede suggested a swim.  The pool was warm and inviting so there wasn’t much resistance.  As Dede and Sharon changed into their suits, Ken and Mikey sat by the pool sipping on a beer.  As the two women emerged from the house, both men felt stirrings in their pants.  The women were beautiful.  Dede’s suit hugged her hips, the black material glued to her shapely ass.  The bikini top barely covering anything.  For Sharon, while her ass wasn’t as round as Dede’s, her ass was just as pretty to look at.  Her blue bikini top struggled to keep all of her in.

Both women settled into the pool gently and the splashing started.  As they swam, both men watched and appreciated their women.  As the playing got more aggressive, Sharon’s suit gave up on the effort.  With a squeak, Sharon realized her top was floating away from her.  Her large breasts bounced free in the water.  Ken and Mikey both sat up and took notice.  Dede saw where their attention was and rather than embarrass anyone, she said it looked like a good idea and pulled her own top off.  

Ken and Mikey couldn’t believe what was happening.  Both women floated in the pool, their naked breasts free in the splashing water.  Both men had hard on’s that wouldn’t go away easy.  Sharon noticed the bulges in their pants first and smiled.  She loved to be wicked.  Dede was usually kind of shy but she’d already thrown her inhibitions to the wind.  Swimming up to Dede, Sharon whispered something in her ear.  Dede’s cheeks flushed and then she slowly nodded.

Sharon looked up at the men and then moved behind Dede.  Dede trembled in the water, not because she was cold, but because she was excited.  Slowly, Sharon brought her arms around Dede and her fingers lightly skimmed over Dede’s nipples.  Dede shook and leaned back against Sharon.  Sharon’s fingers stroked Dede’s nipples, pulling on them, making them harder and harder.  Both Ken and Mikey were mesmerized.  Mikey watched as his wife closed her eyes and her mouth formed a small “o” as Sharon’s fingers stroked and caressed her breasts.  He thought his cock would explode.  Neither man had expected this but neither one was going to stop it.

Sharon moved, turning her and Dede to each other in profile for the men.  Lifting Dede’s breasts up out of the water, she leaned over and flicked her tongue across one nipple and then the other.  Dede moaned.  Her hands finally reached out and tentatively touched Sharon’s breasts under the water.  Sharon’s nipples were hard and sensitive.  Sharon moaned and Dede squeezed her nipples lightly.  

Both women massaged and caressed each other’s breasts, looking up at the men occasionally to gauge their reaction.  Sharon whispered something else in Dede’s ear and soon they were exiting the pool.  Taking a towel, Dede slowly dried Sharon and the Sharon did the same for Dede.  Both women walked up to their husbands and stood in front of them.  Sharon looked down first at Ken’s bulging groin and then over to Mikey’s.  

“Looks like they have a few mountains of their own, doesn’t it?  Maybe we should help them out.  What do you think?”

Dede smiled and ran her hand over Mikey’s groin again, remembering earlier in the evening when she’d sucked him.

“Well, I did promise Mikey a tit fuck earlier.  Maybe now would be good.”

Sharon smiled, “I bet I’m better at it then you are?”

“A challenge?  What’s the prize?”

Sharon licked her lips and thought for a minute.  “Whoever wins gets to be pleasured by everyone.”

“Deal.”

Both women looked at their husbands, who were staring at them by now, neither one willing to speak.  Or more to the point, neither one able to speak.  Sharon and Dede each kissed their husbands, their tongues snaking out to lick and entice.  Sharon reached down and fondled Ken’s balls, stroking him gently through his pants.  Dede unzipped Mikey’s pants and slipped her hand inside, grabbing hold of him.  Kneeling down, Sharon slowly unzipped Ken’s pants and pushed them down to his ankles.  Ken’s cock was hard and throbbing already.  Dede pushed Mikey’s pants down and took the tip of his cock in her mouth.  Mikey moaned and closed his eyes, not believing what was happening.

As Dede’s mouth closed over Mikey’s cock and sucked him, getting him nice and wet, Sharon was covering Ken’s cock with her lips, pulling him into her mouth.  Both men watched, stunned, as their wives bobbed their heads up and down on their rods.  Finally, Sharon looked at Dede and asked if she was ready.  

Dede pushed her breasts together, rubbing them against Mikey’s swollen cock.  Pillowing his cock between her soft mounds, Dede pushed up and down around him.  Mikey moaned.  The feel of those luscious breasts around his cock was almost too much.  As his cock appeared up through the tip of Dede’s tits, Dede leaned over and flicked her tongue across the head.  Mikey moaned.

Not wanting to be left out, Sharon wrapped her massive breasts around Ken’s rigid tool and stroked him up and down.  Ken moaned, loving the view he had of his cock pushing up through his wife’s tits.  Sharon leaned over, wrapping her mouth around the tip of his cock and sucking as her breasts slid up and down his shaft.  Both men were moaning as their wives tit fucked them.  It was more then they could take.  Mikey moaned and thrust his cock up.  Dede urged him on, wrapped her breasts tighter around him and told him to cum for her.  Sharon was moaning herself, wanting Ken to cum all over her tits.  Both men moaned and then cum shot in the air.  Together, both men covered their wives tits.  

Sharon and Dede laughed and squeezed their cocks tighter, sucking and licking each drop.  As the men collapsed on the lounge chairs, Sharon crawled over to Dede and gently licked Mikey’s cum from her nipples. Dede moaned and pushed her nipple further into Sharon’s mouth.  Dede leaned back and let Sharon lick and kiss her body.  Both women were hot and horny.  Sharon pulled at Dede’s bikini bottoms, tugging them off to reveal Dede’s wet pussy.  Leaning down, Sharon kissed the top of Dede’s slit and then moved lower, licking slowly.  Dede moaned and arched up.

Ken and Mikey watched as Sharon stood, slipped off her own bottoms and then laid lengthwise on top of Dede, her pussy over Dede’s mouth.  Dede opened Sharon’s legs and pushed her tongue against her wet lips.  Sharon moaned and pushed her tongue inside Dede.  Both women licked and sucked each other, moaning and arching their bodies.  The men sat, watching and enjoying the sight before them.  Dede moaned and Mikey knew she was cumming already, loving the sound her voice makes when she does.  Sharon sucked harder on Dede’s clit and then Sharon lifted her head and moaned her own orgasm.

As both women slowed their licking, they stroked each other.  All four slowly rose and ended up in the pool to cool down.  The foursome have agreed to get together for another competition in a week.  This time, inviting friends.  Mikey can’t wait to get his cock in Sharon’s tits and Ken has promised to give Dede the pussy lick of her life.  Mmmm, friends are so much fun.