 The redhead's birthday was only 2 days away. Thinking back on the multinational sexual smorgasbord that she had treated him with for his birthday 2 months ago [see Chapter 34], he had arranged something extra special for her. 

On her actual birthday they would be spending a quiet night alone with a romantic dinner after which he would present her with several gifts of jewelry, lingerie, and clothing. But tonight was simply about her pleasure. He had sent her out that afternoon to run errands that would keep her occupied while he set everything up around the house. 

It was nearly 7 o'clock when she returned. He led her directly to the master bathroom where he had a warm bubble bath waiting for her. As he undressed her, he then told her that tonight she would be receiving one of her gifts early. As he helped her step into the tub, he warned her not to take too long. He then left to lay out her wardrobe for the evening. At least the wardrobe she would start out the evening in. 

After bathing she applied her makeup while in the bathroom. When she emerged wearing just a towel wrapped around her, he couldn't help but stare at her beauty. The top of the towel crossed her breasts just above the top of her areolas while the bottom of the towel barely covered the lips of her pussy. 

When she crossed the room to him, he took the towel and let it drop to the floor as he kissed her. When he pulled back from her he picked up the white dress that he had laid out on the bed. He then slipped it over her head and zipped up the back. The lower portion of the dress was short enough to expose most of her beautiful legs and tight enough to display her beautiful ass. The upper portion was like a low cut loose fitting halter that gave her boobs plenty of freedom to swing, sway, and bounce. She then leaned on his shoulder as she slipped on the white high heels that he had picked out for her. 

He led her down the hallway to the guestroom where he had already setup a video camera on a tripod in the corner. He then stood her in the center of the room where he placed a blindfold over her eyes and fastened it securely. She then heard him step over to the camera and start it taping. 

Soft music began playing from the stereo, and then she felt him in front of her. His arms wrapped around her as they began to slow dance together, but something was different. Her guy is almost 10 inches taller than her but her dance partner was no more than 4 inches taller. She continued to dance as her mysterious partner's hands worked their way down past her waist and onto her butt. Then suddenly there was another dance partner behind her. The man behind her was about the same size as the one in front of her, so she knew that this too was not her guy. She figured (rightly so) that he must still be running the video camera. The man behind her now had his arms wrapped around her and had cupped her breasts in his hands. Both of their bodies were pressed firmly against her, trapping her between the two of them. 

As the three of them continued to slow dance, she felt their erections growing against her ass and stomach. Several times during the dance she thought the two men switched places, but she wasn't positive as both men were about the same height and build. During the third song, the man standing in front of her ran his hands down over her ass and lifted the hem of the dress to her waist. Since she rarely wears panties, her naked ass and pussy were now exposed to all present and this excited her immensely. 

The man behind her then unfastened the dress from behind her neck and dropped the top, exposing her luscious natural 34D breasts. As they danced, the men continued to feel her ass and breasts. 

When the fourth song began, the two men stepped back and one of them unzipped the dress, allowing it to fall to the floor leaving the redhead standing naked wearing only her white high heels. 

When her first dance partner rejoined her, she felt his now naked body press tightly against her flesh. Soon her other partner stepped in behind her. He too was now naked. As the three of them swayed together, the men's hard cocks continued to press and rub against her. And when the two men didn't have her body sandwiched between them, either one or both of them were busy fingering her pussy and/or clit. Her pussy was literally dripping with excitement from the attention she was receiving from her anonymous 'dance' partners. 

After the fourth dance ended, so did the music. The man in front of her then fell to his knees and buried his tongue in her pussy while the man behind her went to his knees and buried his tongue in her ass. The two men worked in unison licking her from front to back and back to front. As these two mystery men were licking her towards her first climax of the evening, she heard her guy moving about the room with the video camera. Obviously he was trying to capture the action from all possible angles. As she came, she ejaculated. When the redhead is really excited, she squirts so much that she often makes puddles. Her guy had prepared for that possibility this evening and had a large supply of towels stacked in the corner of the room. When she came her legs grew weak, but her two lovers caught her and carried her petite body to the bed. 

Almost as soon as she was on the bed, she felt one of the men crawling on the bed near her head. Soon she felt the warm fleshy head of his hard cock as it brushed her lips. She opened them willingly, taking his 7 inches fully in her mouth. Then he swung his one leg over her body so he was sitting on her upper chest with his dick in her warm wet mouth. As she sucked on his penis, she felt her legs being pushed apart. Then with no other warning, the other man's cock was plunged into her very wet pussy. She moaned and the first man's cock throbbed within her mouth. She then felt a gentle hand grasp her right ankle and pull her leg toward the side of the bed. She thought that this was the hand of her guy, possibly repositioning her leg to get a better camera view of the cock that was now pounding away at her sweet pussy. She was correct, that was exactly what he was doing. 

Knowing that her guy expected her to fully enjoy herself, she began sucking the first man with renewed enthusiasm. Within two minutes she felt his penis contract slightly just before he began to cum. She pulled her mouth back a little, wanting to receive his cum in her mouth and not deep down her throat. She wanted to be filmed with his sperm in her mouth and on her lips. 

Seeing the first man cum in her mouth triggered the second man to do the same in her pussy. Feeling herself being filled from both ends simultaneously triggered the redhead's second massive orgasm. As her pussy clenched tightly at the cock inside her, her fluids gushed forth saturating the mattress beneath her. As the two men climbed off the bed, her guy circled the bed filming her satiated body lying there with fresh cum dripping from her mouth and pussy. 

When her guy nodded to the two men, they picked the redhead up off the bed by her arms and legs and carried her out of the bedroom and down the hallway to the playroom. They then placed her body in the sex swing suspended from the ceiling. They slipped her legs through the straps while taking the liberty of caressing her thighs and "accidentally" brushing their fingers over her now sopping wet pussy. Her guy had brought the camera and now secured it to a tripod he had previously set up in this room. 

The redhead was now reclining in the swing. The man in front of her went down on her pussy as the other man stepped behind her and kissed her, their lips meeting inverted from one another. Their tongues frantically searched each other's mouth as the other man explored her womanly charms with his own tongue. After the man licking her pussy had brought her to another less intense orgasm, the two men stepped away from her. 

They then stood side by side in front of her as her guy stepped over by her head. He had left the camera recording to capture her reaction as he removed the blindfold. As her eyes adjusted to the light, the two men came into focus. Then that wicked little smile of hers that he had grown to love crept over her face as she realized that her two mystery lovers were identical twins. That had been a fantasy of hers for as far back as he could remember. And on this special birthday of hers, he had decided to make it come true. As she thanked him, she pulled his head down to hers where she kissed him, both passionately and lovingly at the same time. 

He then stepped back and asked the two men if they were ready for another go at her. The two identical 7-inch erections jutting forth from their bodies were answer enough. They both stepped toward the redhead suspended from the swing. As the one twin slid his hard cock into her pussy, his brother slid his cock through her lips and into her warm welcoming mouth. Soon the two brothers worked up a rhythm where with each thrust into her pussy, she would swing backward driving the other cock deeper in her mouth. Before long, with each swing back, the one cock would slide down her throat until her lips would bump his pubic bone. 

The feeling of her throat caressing the sides of his cock soon became too much for this twin and his cock began spewing his cum into her mouth. She climaxed when she felt him cumming in her mouth. After swallowing his entire load, she proceeded to lick his cock clean as his brother now began to really pummel his cock into her pussy. 

With every thrust of his animal lust, the redhead responded in kind, giving as good as she got. Over the next 15 minutes she experienced 2 more gut wrenching orgasms and was rapidly racing towards a third. This twin was also reaching his boiling point and with one final thrust he grabbed the redhead's hips pulling her tight against him as his cock let forth its might stream of cum, flooding the walls of her pussy with his essence. That was all she needed to spur her on to another massive climax. Her legs quivered as her pussy milked his cock dry. But at the same time her own fluids gushed forth again, forming a large puddle beneath the swing. 

As the man stepped back and pulled his cock from her pussy, it made a deliciously wicked squishing sound. The redhead reclined in the swing as her guy zoomed the camera in on her pussy, capturing the sloppy mixture of cum as it oozed from her body. She looked so happy, or more accurately, satiated, hanging there with sweat glistening off every inch of her body and traces of cum on her lips, pussy, and thighs. 

The brother who had most recently had his cock in the redhead's mouth picked her up out of the swing and flung her limp body over his shoulder for the trip back down the hall. Before exiting the room, the man took the opportunity to smack her upturned ass, eliciting a playful scream from the girl. His brother followed behind trailed by her guy with the video camera. 

Once back in the other bedroom, the man threw her onto the bed and quickly flipped her over so she was now on her hands and knees. With his hands on her hips he stepped forward and slid his hard cock fully into her pussy, sloppy wet with his brother's cum. 

His brother, having gotten erect again, climbed on the bed in front of the redhead and guided her mouth to his dick. As she worked her mouth up and down this cock, the brother behind her pulled his wet cock from her pussy and slowly began pressing its head into her puckered asshole. Without varying her stroke on the cock in her mouth, she reached back with both hands and spread her ass cheeks, opening her asshole for the other brother. His cock slid into her fully with a little push. When she felt his cock all the way in her ass, she released her cheeks and returned them to the ass and balls of the twin in front of her. 

But the twins had other ideas. Actually her guy had carefully choreographed the events of the evening with them before the redhead had returned from shopping. The one man pulled his cock from her mouth while the other kept his cock firmly embedded in her ass. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he pulled her tight against him as his brother slid beneath her on his back until he was face to face with her. 

The brother beneath her, with his dick still wet from her mouth, worked his cock into her pussy. She couldn't see her guy, but she could sense him moving about the room to capture this twin double penetration from every possible angle. The two brothers then worked together developing a rhythm as they both began thrusting into the redhead from the front and the rear. Finally she noticed her guy standing at the end of the bed with a large smile on his face as he zoomed the camera in on the two cocks that were buried in her pussy and asshole. 

After thrashing about on the bed for 5 minutes, the three of them were all close to cumming again. This time the redhead wanted to be in some control, so she clenched her ass around the cock in her ass and began flexing her Kegel muscles around the cock in her pussy. Using her muscle control she was able to coax the two men into cumming at the same time that she climaxed. As her orgasm rippled through her body, both men exploded, filling both her cavities with their hot sticky cum. 

Slowly the two men pulled their now limp dicks from the redhead. They then picked up their clothes and silently left the room. Her guy continued filming the redhead for several minutes as her breathing returned to normal. He made sure to capture the lustery sheen of her sweat covered body and the sexy wantonness of her cum leaking pussy and asshole. 

He then placed the camera on the tripod and climbed on the bed next to his lady. She smiled up at him and thanked him for making her fantasy come true. When he leaned down and kissed her, she grabbed his rock hard cock through his pants and began stroking him. As she worked to unzip and remove his pants, he had already removed his shirt. 

As she pulled his pants off his legs, she took his dick in her mouth and gave him a few quick strokes before climbing on top of him. His long fat cock slid in easily as she lowered herself on him, the twins' cum providing more than enough lubrication. As she thrust up and down on her guy, more and more cum squished out alongside his dick and coated his balls. In their highly aroused state, it was only a matter of minutes before they both climaxed together. They then both fell asleep with her in his arms and his cock still lodged in her cum filled pussy.