 With the profits from sales of The Chair continuing to roll in, they knew that they had better start looking at various investment opportunities. After discussing numerous options they finally agreed on how they should invest their newfound money. Separately, long before they had met, they had each fantasized about owning their own nightclub. After sharing the details of their fantasies with each other, they worked on combining aspects from each into an actual working nightclub development. 

Rather that a single nightclub, their newly formed plans called for a nightclub triplex incorporating 3 distinctly different types of clubs sharing common parking and kitchen facilities. Many years ago when he had traveled to Fort Knox on business, he had stumbled upon similar arrangements at 2 clubs in Louisville, Kentucky. The Phoenix Hill Tavern was a 3 floor building that featured 2 indoor clubs and a deck bar on the roof that was only open when weather permitted. The Toy Tiger was a single building that housed 2 separate clubs. One that featured a live band and the other a DJ and a dance floor. 

Their concept included 2 nightclubs that would regularly feature live music and the third entity would be an upscale strip club that caters to couples. Each of the nightclubs would feature a distinctly different style of music, possibly varying depending on the night of the week. 

They spent the next couple of weeks planning what they would need to make their dream happen. First and foremost, they needed to find a suitable location. One where there would be no zoning issues for the strip club as well as being located near enough to the city to not deter people from coming. They realized that they needed the help of a real estate professional. A friend of his gave them the card of a woman that she knew. They called her and made an appointment to meet the next day and discuss their needs. 

Promptly at 1 o'clock the next day, the real estate agent arrived at their home. He opened the door and she introduced herself as Samantha. The attractive woman stood about 5 foot 5 inches tall, had dark brown hair that hung down just below her shoulders, brown eyes, a slim figure, and nice breasts (about 34B he guessed). He guessed that she was in her early thirties. She was wearing a gray 2 piece suit with the jacket over a shear sky blue blouse that showed just a hint of what appeared to be a black Victoria's Secret bra. The snug mid-thigh length skirt accentuated her legs and nice ass. As she walked down the entryway he noticed her looking at the artwork on the walls. The artwork consisted of several photographs of the redhead in various nude poses (none that revealed her face) enlarged to poster size. He was pleasantly surprised when she actually stopped to study them in more detail. As he escorted her into the great room where the redhead was seated, she exclaimed how much she admired their house. 

He introduced her to the redhead as she took a seat on the chair facing the redhead. He then sat on the couch beside the redhead. Samantha listened intently, asking questions here and there, as they described the kind of property they were looking for. She took notes as they figured out the approximate square footage and parking that would be required. Once she had collected all the details, she told them that she would start looking as soon as she returned to the office. With that she stood to leave and he and the redhead escorted her to the front door. 

While walking between the artwork on the walls, she turned and looked at the redhead and then turned back to the pictures. She then asked if it was her that was featured in the pictures. The redhead proudly told her that it was. Samantha then complemented her on her sexy body and the sexy photographs. She stated that she liked the idea of being photographed nude, but she added that she could never get enough courage up to actually do it. The redhead told her that it really wasn't that hard once you got into it. She told Samantha that she should really give it a try sometime. Samantha politely said that she would have to think about it. 

Samantha smiled as she was leaving and told them that she would be in touch with them soon about looking at some properties. 

The following Tuesday at 9 o'clock in the morning Samantha called them. She told them that she had several buildings and lots to show them. They arranged for her to pick them up at 1 o'clock that afternoon. She would then take them around to the different sites. 

That afternoon, Samantha arrived at their door precisely at 1:00pm. They climbed into the front seat of her car with her and they drove off. She started by showing them 3 different lots that were available. They were all good-sized lots. More than adequate for their needs, but the locations seemed too remote from the major cities. They were concerned that the location would prevent some people from visiting the club even one time. 

Next Samantha showed them two warehouses that were available for conversion. These were better, but they seemed a little too small. 

The next property Samantha showed them was much larger. It had originally been a warehouse that was later subdivided into several offices with smaller warehouse space. What really attracted them to this property was on the third floor. It had been converted into a loft apartment. They thought that this would be a great addition for their club. After a long day managing the club, they could crash there instead of driving home. He had always had an affinity for lofts although he had never actually lived in one. 

As Samantha led them up the metal stairway to the loft, they followed along behind her. As they climbed the stairs, they both watched her ass sway too and fro. Samantha was dressed similarly to the first time they had met her. Only this time her suit was dark blue and the blouse was white. The skirt was also about 4 inches shorter and she was wearing black nylons. As she climbed the stairs, they both noticed that her nylons were held up by a sexy garter belt. When she reached the top of the stairs she turned and noticed that they had been staring at her ass. She turned away to open the door to the loft and smiled to herself. 

As they entered the loft, they were struck by the sheer volume. The loft itself occupied over 1600 square feet. The hardwood floors were in excellent condition, as was the rest of the loft. When Samantha opened the doors to the bedroom, they were overwhelmed by the view. Positioned in a corner of the building, two adjacent walls were filled with windows. With this corner of the building being oriented toward the South, the windows caught both the rising and setting sunlight. As it was now late afternoon, the sun was streaming in the windows. 

As her guy moved closer to the windows to check out the view, the redhead stepped behind Samantha. The redhead placed her hands on Samantha's hips and told her that this place was the wonderful. When she felt the redhead's touch, a shiver ran down her spine. She had been feeling a sort of sexual tension since she had first met this couple. The erotic photographs of the redhead in the hallway had done absolutely nothing to quell the feelings she was having. So overwhelming were these feelings she was having, she had gone home to change before picking them up this day. She had specially chosen the extra short skirt, garter belt, and nylons hoping to look exceptionally attractive for this couple that she found so desirable. 

Samantha slowly turned to face the redhead. As she gazed down slightly into her hazel eyes, she thought she saw the same longing that she was feeling. She bowed her head slightly and pressed her lips against the redhead's. The redhead responded by parting her lips slightly. Her hands tightened around Samantha's waist as their kiss became more passionate, more frenzied. Summoning courage from some unknown location deep within herself, Samantha placed her hands on the redhead's breasts gently squeezing the soft supple flesh. The redhead's tongue worked its way between Samantha's lips and Samantha reciprocated. 

Samantha realized that the redhead's hands were no longer on her waist. In fact the redhead had unbuttoned Samantha's jacket and her hands were now manipulating Samantha's smaller breasts. She briefly removed her hands from the redhead's breast long enough for the redhead to slip her jacket down off her arms. Samantha resumed squeezing the redhead's full orbs while the redhead moved her lips to Samantha's chest as she began unbuttoning the sheer white blouse. Her lips would kiss each newly exposed inch of skin as she unfastened one button after another. With the blouse completely unbuttoned, the redhead pulled the blouse out of the waistband of the skirt. Samantha found it to be incredibly erotic as the silky fabric slid between her waist and the skirt. The redhead's hands had now worked their way under the sexy lace bra and were lightly squeezing Samantha's nipples, which were already becoming erect. 

Samantha had never felt so excited before. Then she realized that the redhead had her leg between her own and was rubbing her thigh against her crotch. Looking down she discovered that her short skirt had ridden up and was now exposing the black lace g-string panties she had chosen to wear this afternoon. Suddenly she was falling backwards. Her shapely calves had bumped into the foot of the bed as the redhead pressed against her. The two beautiful women fell to the bed, still intertwined. 

Upon hearing the noise on the bed, he turned from the window to see the two women lying on the bed, half undressed and kissing each other passionately. Not wanting to disturb this lovely scene, he sat back quietly on the window ledge where he could be comfortable as he watched. 

Recovering from their tumble onto the bed, Samantha reached up and unbuttoned the redhead's shirt. As the redhead slipped her shirt off her arms and tossed it to the floor, Samantha had reached behind the redhead and unfastened her bra. When the redhead leaned forward again, her breasts tumbled out as the cups fell free. She tossed the bra aside and pressed her left breast against Samantha's lips. Samantha didn't need any persuasion as her lips latched onto the redhead's nipple and she began to flick her tongue back and forth over the pink nubbin. 

Samantha relished the sensations the redhead was inspiring within her. She alternated back and forth between the redhead's breasts. First licking one nipple and then the other, then sucking one breast and then the other. Although the redhead was enjoying the pleasure Samantha was giving her, she wanted to return the favor. Reaching underneath Samantha, she unhooked her bra and pulled it free, exposing her breasts for the first time. They were smaller than her own (B cup versus her own Ds), but quite inviting with her nipples standing erect like two pencil erasers. Unable to restrain herself, she closed her lips around one nipple and nipped playfully at it with her teeth. She noticed a change in Samantha's response as she did this. Wanting to confirm that it was a favorable response, she bit the nipple again, this time a little harder. As she did, Samantha's hands grasped her head and pulled her tight against her breast and moaned. 

Samantha had always considered herself heterosexual. Sure she had hooked up with other women a few times for the sake of experimentation, but what she had experienced with them was nothing like what she was now feeling with the redhead. As she felt the redhead's hand slide across her bare tummy, she became aware that she was no longer wearing her skirt. At some point the redhead had managed to remove it without her realizing it. The redhead's hand slid over the lace g-string until her hand was cupping Samantha's pussy. Samantha so welcomed the touch that she spread her legs wider, giving the redhead better access. 

When the redhead's fingers closed over the crotch of Samantha's g-string she felt just how wet the brunette beneath her really was. When Samantha opened her legs wider, the redhead smiled, knowing that Samantha was indeed open to going further. She slid her hand over her stomach again before sliding it down inside of Samantha's panties. When her fingers touched the bare lips of her pussy, Samantha opened her mouth and moaned excitedly. As she did, the redhead plunged her tongue into Samantha's open mouth. Their tongues wrestled back and forth erotically as the redhead worked her fingers up and down Samantha's nether lips. Excited as she was, Samantha was writhing beneath the redhead. This motion made it difficult for the redhead to keep her fingers on Samantha's lips and soon two of her fingers slipped inside the brunette's wet pussy for the first time. 

When the redhead's fingers slipped inside of her, Samantha felt as if her true self had just been released. All she wanted was to experience all the pleasure that the redhead could bring her. She pushed back against the hand as the redhead's fingers plunged deeper inside of her. Samantha reached for the waist of the redhead's jeans and unfastened the button. As she slid the zipper down and began pulling the jeans down the redhead's legs, she noticed that the redhead was not wearing any panties. She took this opportunity to run her own fingers over the redhead's pussy for the first time. The tuft of red hair was soft yet slightly coarser than her own (red hair being thicker than any other color). The redhead helped Samantha pull her pants off and then she resumed fingering her. 

Unencumbered by the jeans, Samantha began rubbing the redhead's pussy in the same way that she often rubbed her own pussy. The redhead was already very wet and ready as Samantha pushed her finger inside. The redhead turned on the bed, bringing her head nearer to Samantha's crotch. When Samantha felt the redhead's breath on her pussy she knew what was coming next. She waited apprehensively and eagerly for the touch of her tongue. Finally it came as the tongue flicked gently over her clit. Samantha climaxed instantly, her legs closing around the redhead's hand. 

But still she wanted more. She opened her legs and allowed the redhead to continue to finger her. The redhead also licked at the brunette's wet pussy lips as she moved her one leg over Samantha's head. Slowly she lowered her pussy toward the waiting mouth, uncertain how Samantha would respond. She needn't have worried, as soon as she was within reach, Samantha stretched her tongue out and began lapping at the redhead's beautiful pussy. 

The two girls were in the classic 69 position licking and sucking at each other's pussy. The redhead was on top with the brunette below. Samantha was concentrating on the redhead's clit when she suddenly saw his long hard dick plunge into the redhead's pussy. Unable to restrain himself anymore, he had removed his pants when the two girls had gotten into this position. The sight of his redhead kneeling on the bed in front of him was all the extra encouragement he needed. He continued to plunge his hard fat penis in and out of her pussy as Samantha continued to lick and suck her clit. 

Before long Samantha couldn't resist the temptation and as his dick was sliding in and out of the redhead, Samantha took a few tentative licks along his shaft. She enjoyed the combined taste of him and the redhead. As he continued fucking the redhead, Samantha began licking both of them at the point where his cock entered her pussy. Growing more bold and evermore excited, Samantha reached between his legs and grabbed his balls as he continued plowing himself into the redhead. 

The redhead meanwhile doubled her efforts on Samantha's pussy once she had felt her guy penetrate her. When she became aware that Samantha was also licking her guy's cock she really cut loose on the sexy brunette. Besides tonguing her pussy and clit, the redhead resumed using her fingers on the brunette's wet pussy. In short order she had worked 3 fingers inside of her beside her tongue. The redhead then pulled her dripping fingers out and ran them over Samantha's ass, her fingertips lightly brushing around her anus. With very little effort, the redhead had soon shoved one finger up Samantha's asshole past the second knuckle. 

It was at about this same time that Samantha had released her grip on his testicles and had started her own exploration of his asshole with her middle finger. She had immediately noticed his cock increase in girth in response to her finger passing his sphincter. 

The redhead wasn't aware of the cause, but she definitely felt it when her guy's cock expanded within her. This combined with Samantha's ministration of her pussy brought her very near to climaxing. Wanting them both to climax at the same time, the redhead inserted a second finger up Samantha's asshole and began fucking her ass with her fingers as she continued to lick her pussy. 

When Samantha felt the redhead stick another finger in her ass, she pushed her own finger as deep as she could into his ass. Samantha then licked her way to his balls. After licking his entire scrotum, she sucked both of his balls into her mouth and began lapping away at them with her tongue. This added stimulation was too much for his willpower and as he plunged his cock deep inside his redhead he came, flooding her insides with his hot cum. The redhead, feeling him explode inside her, climaxed in response. Her pussy closing in around his softening dick. As her pussy contracted, it had the effect of squeezing his cum out along his cock and out of her pussy. 

Samantha, with her finger still up his ass, was excited when his cum began gushing out of the redhead's pussy and dripping on her chin. She moved her mouth to the junction of his dick and the redhead's pussy where she sealed her lips against them both and began devouring every drop of cum that poured out. As the first blob of cum slid down her throat, she too climaxed. Her legs stiffened momentarily before going completely limp. 

As Samantha pulled her finger from his ass, he pulled his cock from the redhead. Samantha, noting that it was coated with their combined juices grabbed his cock by the base and pulled him to her lips. She then took him completely in her mouth as she sucked every bit of their cum from his cock. 

The redhead in the meantime had climbed off of Samantha, turned around, and had laid back in the bed. She was enjoying watching Samantha suck her guy's cock clean. As she watched their new intimate friend, she began lightly stroking Samantha's stocking cover legs that were still stretched out on the bed in her direction. 

Upon feeling the redhead's sensual stroking, she slowly pulled his cock from her lips and then looked down at the other end of the bed where she saw the redhead smiling back at her. He then laid down on the bed beside Samantha with his head down by the redhead's hips. She reached down and began lightly stroking his hair with her other hand while continuing to caress Samantha's legs. 

He felt very lucky at that moment. First for his redhead, who had long ago taught him to enjoy living each moment to its fullest. Second for their luck in finding Samantha, the incredibly sexy creature that seemed to enjoy sex as much as the redhead. 

Samantha reached out and began running her fingernails up and down his hairy legs in the same sensuous manner that the redhead was doing to her. With this tactile stimulation in addition to the visual stimulation provided by the two beautiful naked ladies beside him, it didn't take long before his cock was again at full mast and ready for action. As she stroked his leg, Samantha's hand moved nearer and nearer to his hard fat dick. The redhead saw the desire in Samantha's eyes as she looked at her guy's dick and knew what she was thinking. She leaned down beside Samantha and whispered in her ear, "Do you want him inside you this time?"
