 He was lying in bed alone, thinking about his redhead. She had left late that afternoon for a 3 day trip upstate. It was some family obligation and she didn't want to drag him along. Before she left, she had told him that he was free to "enjoy" himself while she was gone, as long as he would tell her all the juicy details when she returned. 

As he lay there, he was thinking of what he would do in order to satisfy the redhead's need for hearing the details. Since she was going to be with her family, he knew that she wouldn't have any adventures of her own to tell him about when she returned. When they had first met, that had been one of the things they had done. He would go into the strip club to see her and they would each exchange details of their sexual adventures. Of course she almost always had the better stories to tell. 

Now that his mind was on strip clubs, he began recalling some of the other girls that he had met through the years and been lucky enough to call his friends. One in particular kept coming to the forefront of his mind. She was a beautiful leggy blonde named Alex, who worked at one of the most upscale gentlemen's clubs in town. Since he and the redhead had started working on The Chair, he had not seen Alex in over a year. He decided that this would be a good chance to catch up with her. 

Friday morning he called her at the last number he had for her. He hoped that she hadn't changed it. Immediately recognizing the voice that said, "Hello" at the other end of the line, he knew that she hadn't. When he told her who it was, the shriek of joy she let out more than conveyed the fact that she was happy to hear from him. They exchanged pleasantries with each other for a few minutes before he suggested they meet for a drink later where they could find out what they had each been up to over the past year. She jumped at the idea. Then she suggested they go to a strip club (not hers) together. He remembered that she had always told him how she loved to go to clubs and have girls dance for her. It wasn't the she was gay, it's just that she loves beautiful women. He told her it sounded like a great idea. After making sure he had her current address, he told her that he would pick her up at 8pm. 

After he hung up the phone, he began thinking about what club they should go to. Before heading out to meet Alex, he left a voicemail message on his redhead's cell phone telling her where he was going and who he was going with. He wanted to whet her appetite for more details when she returned. 

When Alex opened the door, she took his breath away. She was even more beautiful now than she had been before. Where before her hair had always been perfectly coiffed when he saw her, tonight she had it in more of a wild, sexy, disheveled look. 

When he leaned forward to kiss her cheek, she surprised him by wrapping her arms around him for a big tight hug as she kissed him full on the lips. 

When he opened the car door for her and Alex sat on the seat, her dress slid halfway up her silky smooth thighs. When she caught him looking, instead of straightening the skirt, she just smiled at him. 

Over dinner he told her of some of his life since inventing The Chair and she told him how her career (outside of dancing) was coming along. Before long it seemed as if they hadn't been apart from each other for a year. 

Following dinner they headed for a club that had always been one of his favorites. As the valet drove his car off, he took Alex's arm in his and escorted her inside. After paying the cover they were seated at a large comfortable booth that gave them an excellent view of the stages. Most of the dancers were very attractive. 

Without even trying, they could both pick out which girls appealed to each other. When Alex saw a girl that she knew he would like, she went to the stage and tipped her five dollars. As she tucked the bill into the dancer's g-string, she asked her to come give her companion a lap dance when she got off stage. As the dancer gave him the lap dance, Alex watched intently, studying every move that the dancer made. When the dance finished and the dancer left, he decided that Alex was now in need of a lap dance herself. He was making his way to the stage to recruit a sexy brunette dancer for her when someone else caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. He tipped the dancer on stage but did not ask her to dance for Alex. Instead he made his way over toward the restroom where a familiar figure was standing. 

Figure is actually a bit of an understatement. Her breasts alone measure an impressive 72HH, on top of a 24 inch waist and 36 inch hips. It was strange to think about the fact that the distance around her bust was 8 inches more than her height. The dancer he was approaching was Rachel Rocketts, another old friend of his. He had first met her when she had been dancing at another club. After meeting her he discovered that she had appeared in several magazines, videos, and on several websites. In fact Googling her name will generate over 4,000 hits. Her pictures on the internet are beautiful, but he never felt they did her justice, especially her face. The photos were taken several years ago but he considers her even better looking now. When he neared the 5 foot 4 inch brunette, she recognized him instantly. She hugged her old friend tightly, pressing her massive chest against him. He then told Rachel that he was with another old friend that he thought would enjoy meeting her. He asked Rachel to wait until he was again seated with Alex and then come over and join them. Because of the layout of the bar, he knew that Alex could not see him talking to Rachel. She would just assume that after tipping the dancer on stage, he had made his way to the restroom. 

When he returned to their booth where Alex was still seated, she asked him when she was going to get her dance. He smiled and told her "very soon." Just then Rachel came up from the other direction and asked if she could join them. Alex turned to see who was now standing at their booth, expecting to see the dancer from the stage. When she saw Rachel's huge tits, barely constrained by the halter top she was wearing, Alex's eyes nearly bugged out of her head. She told Rachel that she most certainly had to join them, not realizing that her companion had arranged for Rachel to come over. Alex had always told him that she liked big boobs, but he had never been sure if there was a limit as to how big was too big. Evidently 72 inches still fit into the "not too big" category. 

As Rachel slid into the booth on the other side of Alex, he took the opportunity to introduce the two beautiful ladies to one another. Alex now knew that he had arranged for her to join them. Rachel stood a couple inches shorter than Alex and 10 inches shorter than him. Her hair was brunette with a few blonde streaks in the front. Besides the halter top which revealed ample cleavage between her mammoth breasts, Rachel was wearing a skirt made out of a very silky material that came midway down her thighs. As the two girls began chatting, learning more about each other, he just sat back and watched as they bonded. He noticed that periodically the two would bump their bare legs against the other's. After ordering a round of drinks for the table, he suggested that Rachel dance for Alex. Rachel told them that she could give a much better dance in the VIP room. So the three of them headed for the secluded VIP room. 

They had all just sat down when a new song started. Rachel stood up in front of Alex and unfastened the halter from behind her neck, allowing her breasts to hang free. She grabbed the blonde by the legs and pulled her forward on the padded bench so she was in a more reclined position. As she was slid forward, the bottom of her dress rode up on her thighs, nearly exposing her panties. Rachel leaned forward and pulled Alex's face between her boobs. When Alex's face emerged from their tight confines, she had a big beautiful smile on her face. Rachel then took the blonde's hands and placed them beneath her massive mammaries. Alex was amazed at the weight of these beauties. 

Rachel then leaned forward again, this time pressing her huge breasts against Alex's own 34D's, her face alongside the blonde's. From his own experience he knew that Rachel was whispering dirty little nothings into her ear. With him the dialog usually centered on how she wanted him to titty fuck her, cum all over her tits, or cum in her pussy. He could only imagine the things she was now saying to Alex. Then he noticed Rachel's hand pressed between the bodies of the two women. He watched as she slowly rubbed up and down over the thin silky material covering Alex's pussy. He watched as it turned darker from the blonde's fluids beginning to flow from within. He then watched in utter amazement as Rachel slid her hand down inside of Alex's panties and began fingerfucking the blonde. Alex was breathing heavily as she continued to hold Rachel's tits. She then took one of the large nipples in her mouth and began sucking as Rachel continued to manipulate her fingers inside of her. When finally she could take no more, she came. As she did so, she bit down on Rachel's nipple to keep herself from crying out and thus attracting undue attention to their activities. As she calmed down, Rachel removed her hand from the blonde's panties and lowered her skirt. She then gently stroked the blonde's face with her fingers and then let the blonde suck her own juice from them as they both watched. 

Once the blonde had recovered her power of speech, she thanked Rachel for a fantastic experience and stated how sad she was that it had to end so soon. Rachel then leaned between the two of them and told them that it didn't have to end. 

Soon the three of them were in his car and headed for the house that he shares with the redhead. It was hard for him to concentrate on the road as the two women, Rachel and Alex, were making out for the entire ride. Finally they arrived and he escorted them inside. He then fixed them each a drink and led them to the "Play Room" where he was going to show them The Chair that he had told them each about earlier in the evening. 

As soon as she saw it, Rachel shouted that she wanted to try it. Without displaying the least bit of bashfulness, Rachel quickly stripped out of all her clothes and stood there waiting. After having Rachel sit in The Chair, he and Alex began fastening the padded cuffs around her ankles, thighs, wrists, and arms. Then he punched a few keys on the computer keyboard and The Chair moved until the big breasted brunette was now lying completely flat with her arms pulled out straight from her sides. He then pulled two large glass cylinders from a drawer and attached a vacuum hose to each. Once the vacuum started, he then lowered each cylinder to her breast until her nipple and areola were sucked up inside. As the suction increased, Rachel began moaning. A few more strokes at the keyboard and Rachel's legs were splayed open invitingly. 

Then another motor began running as a door in the base under her legs opened up. Alex gasped excitedly when she saw what was emerging from between Rachel's legs. At the end of a long articulated metal arm was a large vibrator about 8 inches long and an inch and a half in diameter. The arm moved the vibrator closer and closer to Rachel's pussy. Between her large breasts and the glass suction cylinders that were attached to them, Rachel could not see what was approaching her pussy. Then all of a sudden her pussy was sprayed with a warm lubricant from the end of the vibrator. Then the artificial phallus began pushing its way inside her, spreading her lips aside as it went. It stopped moving forward as the large bulbous head just made its way inside. Then it began vibrating, eliciting more moaning from Rachel. The vibrator then was pushed further and further inside the restrained brunette. With each additional inch, the intensity of the vibrations increased accordingly. When almost the entire 8 inches was inside, Rachel cried out, "Oh God!! Please fuck me!!" 

Almost as if the artificial phallus had heard her, it began slowly thrusting in and out to satisfy her carnal desires. A series of nubs located around the circumference began rotating around the vibrator, causing even more stimulation to the brunette's cunt. Finally Rachel reached her climax. As she came, her legs trembled within the restraints. Then with no more stimulation from the vibrator and only minimal sucking at her breasts, she slowly descended from her plateau of pleasure. 

He then had Alex assist him in releasing Rachel from her bonds. Rachel quickly sat in an ordinary padded chair until she could regain her strength. Alex was now leaning facedown over The Chair wiping the brunettes sweat off the padded vinyl. As she reached out to wipe the extended arm supports, he grabbed each wrist and quickly fastened the blonde in place. He then unbuttoned the top of her dress and pulled it out from underneath her. He then grabbed the edge of her white thong and slid them down off her legs. He then grasped each leg firmly and fastened the ankle cuffs and thigh cuffs around her. Another strap was fastened around her waist pulling her tightly down into The Chair. 

He then released a catch under a back section of The Chair and slid the panel away, allowing gravity to pull her breasts down through the gap that this created. He then reached underneath and fastened the suction cylinders to each of Alex's breast and allowed them to hang beneath her. He then attached a small chain between the two cylinders, fastening it to a loop on each glass cylinder. From the center of the chain he then attached a 1 pound weight that began pulling on her breast as the machine continued to suck them. 

The blonde's head was turned toward him and Rachel when she heard a motor on the other side of The Chair begin its whirring. Unable to see what was coming, it came as a complete surprise when the large leather paddle slapped down against the tender flesh of both her ass cheeks at once. The paddle was then pulled across her newly sensitized skin as the machine would reset the paddle for the next stroke. The computer varied the time between slaps so she could not anticipate when the next blow would come. With each stroke her ass became a brighter shade of red. After the machine had delivered 8 blows to her ass, she was granted momentary relief when she felt a cool liquid being sprayed over her burning ass. The relief was short-lived however, for with the addition of the liquid, the next stroke stung fiercely, as did the tenth and final one. 

The beautiful blonde lay there sobbing into the padded surface when she felt the vibrator now prying between her legs, trying to gain entry to her pussy. As if to ease in the task, the leg supports of The Chair spread her legs even further apart, exposing her pussy completely. He and Rachel could clearly see her pussy as the lubricant ran down the crack of her ass and over her lips. As the vibrator first made contact with her, she jumped forward a little, pushing into the restraints tighter. This only served to set the weight attached to her tits to begin swinging, causing an increase in the pleasurable pain she had been feeling. 

As the vibrator pushed its way into her pussy, Alex began to welcome the intrusion. The leg support sections of The Chair then reoriented themselves, bending her at the waist and knees so she was almost in a kneeling position. This served to give the vibrator even easier access to her pussy. The vibrator then began vibrating and rotating as it repeatedly thrust in and out of the blonde's sopping wet pussy. With each thrust she tried, as best she could, to thrust back. Then as her breathing quickened as she neared climax, the section of The Chair that was beneath her clit, began to rapidly vibrate. This was all it took to send her over the edge and she began experiencing multiple orgasms for the first time in her life. 

As Alex began to relax, he and Rachel unfastened her restraints. The two of them then helped her upstairs to the guest room as she was still too unsteady to walk on her own. With both women now lying on the bed naked, he went to get them all another round of drinks. He had barely been gone 5 minutes. When he returned he found the two women engaged in a heated round of 69, each one busily licking and sucking the other's pussy and clit. Rachel was on the bottom with Alex on top of her.

Setting the drinks aside, he began quickly disrobing. As he stripped out of his clothes and watched the two beauties before him pleasuring each other, he marveled at how reliable the single "side effect" of The Chair was. Since the first time he had put his redhead into The Chair, they had learned that shortly after experiencing The Chair, 100 percent of the females that tried The Chair soon craved sex with a human partner. They had never been able to explain this phenomenon or explain why the same did not hold true for males. 

Now naked also, he climbed on the bed beside the two females. While Rachel was sucking Alex's clit, he positioned himself between Alex's legs and began tonguing her pussy. She quickly clamped her thighs around his head, not wanting him to ever stop. He brought his hand up and inserted two fingers alongside his tongue. As he curled the tips of his fingers inside her, he soon found her g-spot. Suddenly she was super wet and her whole body began shaking as she climaxed. Her clit was now much too sensitive, so she quickly rolled away from Rachel's persistent mouth. 

When Alex began climaxing, she had stopped eating Rachel's pussy. This now left Rachel desperately needing attention. He climbed further onto the bed, crawling over Rachel's body leaving behind a trail of soft wet kisses. When his tongue reached Rachel's clit, his hard cock was dangling right over her waiting mouth. She grabbed his ass, pulling his cock deeply into her mouth, struggling to take his entire 7 inch length. He would alternate between licking her clit and her pussy, occasionally pulling at her lips with his teeth. After several minutes of mutual oral stimulation, Rachel decided that she couldn't wait any longer. She needed him insider her now. 

She rolled him off of her and then she quickly straddled him, rubbing the lips of her pussy up and down his hard cock. She then raised herself up slightly so she could position his dick underneath her. Then she sank down over it, taking his entire length in a single stroke. It helped to satisfy her sexual craving, but she still needed more, so she began thrusting as she rode his erection. She leaned forward over him so he could take her breasts in his hands. He began sucking one nipple and then the other.  

Alex, having recovered from her last orgasm, was now in search of another. She pulled Rachel's breasts from his hands and mouth and continued what he had started. Then she swung her leg around so she was now kneeling on the bed right over his head. She then slowly lowered herself onto his waiting mouth. As he went to work licking Alex's pussy, still sopping wet from her orgasm, Alex continued sucking, licking, and squeezing Rachel's tits. Sitting face to face on him, the two ladies then each leaned forward and began kissing one another. The kissing started soft and sensual but quickly escalated to a frantic passionate pitch. As the two women each began to climax together they wrapped their arms around each other and held one another. When Rachel climaxed, her cunt began clenching his penis, spurring him on to cum inside her. And that he did. 

Slowly they each disentangled themselves from the others and then they all just lay there on the bed holding each other. He was laying there with Rachel on his right and Alex on his left. As they lay there, they each playfully stroked one another. He was ecstatic lying there between two beautiful women, each one stroking his inner thighs, working their way higher until they both reached his dick at the same time. It was a little slippery, still covered with a mixture of his and Rachel's cum, so Alex moved down and began licking and sucking him clean. Rachel amused herself by playing with his balls and occasionally stroking her finger over his asshole. It wasn't long before his dick began to grow hard again within Alex's mouth. When she had him fully erect again, Alex decided that it was her turn to have him fuck her. 
