 I feel I must share my new knowledge, my liberation, call it what you will. Recently my whole way of life has changed. My husband died just over a year ago, I have one daughter who lives in Kent, whom I rarely see, she is too tied up with her work and believing me comfortably off, which I am, and quite happy with my village life, which I wasn’t, sees very little reason to visit much more frequently than once every six months, I too visit her with a similar regularity.

All this has changed not only because of a new face in the village, but also because of a mistake. Obviously it could have proved a costly mistake on behalf of my new friend, except it didn’t. The mistake provided the awakening of my sexual needs, my requirements, so long pushed out of my mind.

I met Pamela in the local supermarket. She is an American whose husband has taken a position at a local company. I was trying to make up my mind about a particular product when, with a “pardon me” this hand reached over and removed a packet of what I was studying. As these products were American as was the voice of the lady I asked if she could recommend it; which she could.

At that moment I realised I had seen her before and I asked if she and her husband had just moved in to a house two or three houses away from my own. it transpired that they had. We spent a little time discussing living over here then I asked her if she would join me for a coffee. She demurred suggesting that although the supermarket did a very good job with its coffee she thought she did better and invited me to take coffee at her house, if I was planning to return home. I was and I did, following her in my car.

She had a beautiful home and I was invited to sit in the lounge whilst she made the coffee. The visit was very enjoyable and I noticed that they had quite a large collection of videos. I saw a Danielle Steele video which I hadn’t seen but thought one visit for coffee too slender to ask to borrow it.

The visits became fairly frequent, her to me and me to her sometimes for coffee and on other occasions for afternoon tea , so one day I asked if I could borrow it but she apologised saying that I could have done but that it was in the American format and the colours would be wrong. She told me that on the right of the TV were some British and European tapes I could borrow if I wished. I chose a copy of the classic Trevor Howard and Celia Johnson film ‘Brief Encounter’ which I had not seen for years. Unbeknown to Pamela, that was not the video in the box!!

It was the following evening when seeing nothing that I fancied on the TV I decided to watch the video I had borrowed - 

At first I could not believe my eyes, I was shocked, amazed and I should have immediately switched off but in fact I was mesmerised - the film was pornographic. Not only that I knew one of the participants. It was Pamela. Masturbating, having sexual intercourse, fellatio, cunnilingus with not only one man or woman but different people throughout the film. After a while I realised that it was not quite so general as it first appeared. In reality there were only about three or four people involved and they were role playing. -Pamela teaching piano and masturbating a young man - Pamela interviewing a young woman for a position as her secretary, sitting next to her and gently placing one hand on her knee, stroking her until eventually the woman has her skirt around her waist, knickers off being licked out by Pamela - another as Pamela as a sex consultant, a mother has brought her daughter explaining that the young woman is soon to be married and knows nothing about sex (just as if?) 

To be frank, watching really turned me on. The mother was seated off to one side whilst ‘the doctor’ (Pamela) showed the young woman pornographic pictures especially of men with large cocks, then Pamela called in her ‘butler’ (actually as I now knew, Pamela’s husband Charles) - The butler took out his cock and I was very impressed, the girl was invited to stroke the cock, then to suck it. The camera then panned to the ‘mother’ who with skirt around her waist, legs wide open, no knickers and displaying a wide open vagina which she was masturbating - a few shots later showed Charles actively having sex, no dammit, fucking the ‘mother’ whilst Pamela was in the 69 position with the girl. . Who was it said that visual pornography did nothing for the female sex? Maybe I am not female enough but I can tell you that by this time I was playing with myself as I watched.

The following day was Pamela’s turn to visit me for afternoon tea and I had to decide whether to say nothing and just hand back the video, or tell her I had started to watch but realised it was not ‘Brief Encounter’ in fact it was a very enjoyable long encounter for me!! I thought about it, thought of what was said in the video and what went on and decided that I too wanted to be included if at all possible.

I decided that I was not going to be at all reticent. I searched through my lingerie drawer and found a foundation garment in red that my husband had bought me one Christmas. I found a pair of stockings in blue which matched a dress that opened up the front. I put on a pair of panties and then took them off again. I had decided to have my vagina, no, my cunt, easily displayed.

I placed the video in its box on a small table by the couch and when Pamela arrived I asked her if instead of afternoon tea she would like a drink, gin, dry martini, scotch, whatever. She smiled and said that it would make a nice change and elected to have an American type dry martini, I know what that is, plenty of gin, plenty of ice, show the glass the martini bottle and that’s it., I had the same, Dutch Courage, who knows? maybe.

After sitting down, she on the couch and me opposite, we exchanged the usual pleasantries and then I told her that I had seen the tape the evening before. She asked if I had liked it and I said yes, much more than the first occasion. I told her that it was quite different than I remembered.

I slid towards the front of my chair knowing my dress rucked up almost as far as my stocking tops and I saw Pamela’s eyes drop, she could see up my skirt. Whilst continuing about the video by saying that there was much more action than I had remembered, much much more, but that I had enjoyed every minute. As I spoke I allowed my knees to fall apart and I knew Pamela would be able to see my stocking tops by this time.

She expressed some surprise as she did not think the film was much different than the cinema one. I said, “Oh yes it is, but maybe it is the wrong film and perhaps you did not mean to loan it to me, but I must say Pamela I am glad that you - Shall I play it so that you can see for yourself?” Without waiting for an answer I slid out of my chair, allowing my skirt to rise as far as the top of my thighs, I know Pamela got an eyeful. I walked over to the video player and put on the film, returning and sitting on the couch by Pamela before starting the video with the remote.

“OW MY GAWD” said Pamela, “OH my gawd, how the hell did that get into that box I wonder, oh Jean I am so sorry, I am mortified - How the hell can I apologise, you must think me terrible, oh God, I am so sorry ... 

” Oh for fucks sake shut up,” I heard myself say, Me, I never use swear words, or didn’t, Pamela, I enjoyed it, I loved it, seeing you masturbating, no what you say, wanking that boy at the piano, sucking off your husband. playing with that girls cunt whilst the supposed mother gets herself fucked buy your husband. You have released my libido, look,” I said, getting to my feet and lifting up my dress. I told her that I was dying for someone to feel up my cunt.

Looking me in the eyes Pamela dropped to her knees and put her mouth to my quim, I bent my knees allowing her access as she licked and probed with her tongue, then she started to lick my clit. I undid my dress then fell back on the floor. Pamela followed me but I wanted her to strip, and I asked her to remove her dress. She was wearing a half bra’ which showed off her breasts and a lacy thong which did nothing to hide her cunt. Slowly she slid the ‘g’ string down her thighs revealing a smooth hairless mound. “You’ve shaved your pussy” I said, “you had a thick fleece in the video. “I know darling, I had it shaved for another Amateur film we are going to make but you will be the first to see it and play with it if you like” All I wanted to do was tongue it and lick it and soon we were in the 69 position and we both reached our orgasm together. I had an absolutely shattering cum..

Later Pamela told me that back in the states she and Charles had made a few amateur videos with a very close circle of friends and they lent each other the films to liven up their sex lives. Apparently there were about three couples in each group, but they swapped films with other groups, easy to do in the States as they could advertise on the Net. She told me they had a few of their American videos with them but not too many as they had been careful when coming though customs, packing them with obvious holiday videos and placing holiday scenes on the first ten or fifteen minutes of each video. If I would like to see them I could but it would have to be at their house although she seemed to thing that Charles knew someone discreet enough to put the videos in to the European PAN system.

Apparently Charles knew a few people in the UK who had similar interests, also very discreet. They had taken part in the videos. The young woman actually was the daughter of the woman in the sex consultants film and the ‘boy’ playing the piano was the girls daughter. The woman’s husband, not the girls father, Pamela hastened to add, also took part in one they had made but I had not seen. He and the ‘boy’ played the part of burglars who, when catching three women alone in the house, made them fuck and suck each of them. “I think you might like that film, I did, I am one of the women and Tom, Margaret's husband is black and has the biggest prick I have ever had up my cunt never mind in my mouth, you’ll see”.

Apparently the three men acted as camera men depending on who was wanted for the action.

“If you want Jean I will introduce you to the group, by the way, have you ever had a woman fuck you. you know, with a rubber dick a dildo?”

I hadn’t but I said that perhaps I would be willing to try, but I said. “ You know Pamela, I haven’t had a fuck in over a year, I am just yearning to have a live prick up me.”

Well, we will see what we can do, I have an idea that Charles would like that job - if I can watch of course.”

I told her that I would not only want her to watch I would wish to play with her cunt whilst I was getting fucked.

Yes, a chance Brief Encounter has livened up my life. More to follow.