 (This chapter is a continuation of a storyline/character developed in Chapter 39. It is advisable to read that chapter first, but it is not necessary.)

*

When Samantha called them 3 days later, they could hear the anticipation in her voice as she asked when they could meet to review the paperwork. Officially they were meeting to review the papers associated with their purchase of a building and some land that they planned to develop into a tri-level nightclub complex. But they all knew that they were also getting together to continue sexually from where they had left off 3 days ago. The three of them had all wound up having sex together in the loft of the property that he and the redhead had ultimately decided to purchase. [see Chapter 39]

Samantha scheduled them to be her last stop of the day that Friday afternoon. All day Friday she found it difficult to concentrate on her other clients. Her mind kept rewinding to the events of Tuesday afternoon. The redhead had been the first one to actually make a move on her, but she knew deep down inside that she had been hoping for something to happen. That was why she had changed into a sexier business suit and lingerie than she would normally have worn for showing properties. And she had even worn nylons and a garter belt instead of pantyhose. Yes, she had dressed sexily hoping that someone would get to appreciate it. 

But then she really wasn't sure which one of them she had been trying to entice. He was relatively handsome, a little older than herself, but charming in a quiet, self assured way. And judging by their house, he was quite successful. 

The redhead on the other hand had caught her attention even before she had met her. As Samantha had entered their house, she became enamored with a series of poster size photographs hanging on the walls. Each of them was of an unidentified woman in various erotic poses. In some she was intricately bound by a long length of rope and in others her lovely body was splattered with paints of various colors. Looking at the photographs as she walked down the hallway, she could feel herself start to tingle between her legs. She learned later that the subject in each of the photographs was the redhead and that he had been the photographer/artist. 

Tuesday when the redhead had first touched her hips Samantha had responded positively by kissing her. Recalling the events as if in slow motion, she came to realize that she had actually been the aggressor. She and the redhead had soon moved their amorous activities to the bed forgetting that he was in the same room. When she looked up from their 69 position and saw him naked, plunging his long thick dick into the redhead, it seemed the most natural thing in the world to fondle his balls and lick his cock. Before they stopped, they had each managed to come several times. 

Reaching down between her legs, she felt that her panties were already dripping wet. And she was still 30 minutes from their place. Not wanting to sit in wet panties for another half hour, and maybe wanting to be just a little naughty, she slipped them off when she stopped at the next traffic signal. 

Thirty minutes later she pulled up their long circular driveway and stopped her car at the door of the three story home. Before she reached the door, they opened it from the inside. Evidently they were as anxious as she was. 

As she stepped inside the doorway, the redhead leaned forward and gave her a small hug and a nice friendly kiss on the cheek. While the redhead closed the door behind her, he helped her off with her coat. As he slid it off her shoulders and down her arms he inspected her attire. Today, instead of the business suits of their previous two meetings, she was wearing a sexy black dress. The hem fell somewhere between her knees and her hips showing off her legs to maximum advantage. The plunging neckline stopped just above her navel. 

As he hung up her coat in the closet, the redhead took her by the arm and led her into the great room where they both sat in the loveseat near the fireplace. While Samantha went through her satchel to pull out the paperwork, he poured them each a glass of a nice French Cabernet. He then sat on the couch opposite the ladies with a low table between them. 

After exchanging pleasantries, Samantha placed the stack of papers on the table and slid them across to him. When she leaned forward to slide the papers across, the top of her dress drooped down affording him a clear view of her naked breasts. He wasn't sure if she had given him that view intentionally or not, but he really didn't care. While he flipped through the documents, pausing now and again to examine certain paragraphs, he also kept his eye on the two women who were keeping each other occupied with idle chit chat. As he leaned over the table to examine one paragraph more closely, he looked toward Samantha who was now leaning back comfortably in the love seat. He noticed that her knees were about shoulder's width apart, and with her dress being as short as it was, he thought it looked like he could clearly see the outline of her pussy lips, indicating that she was sans panties. 

He might have been distracted by the lovely view a little too much, for when he raised his head he noticed that both women had stopped talking and they were looking at him with smiles on their faces. Realizing he'd been caught peeking up her dress, he asked his redhead, "What do you expect me to do when I see a naked pussy?" 

Since she was wearing a tight pair of white shorts, she figured out that he must be talking about Samantha. She then blurted out, "Ooh, let me see too!" as she grabbed the hem of Samantha's dress and pulled it up toward her stomach. 

Samantha tried to stop her, but not very convincingly. With the redhead holding the dress up, they both had an excellent view of Samantha's womanhood. After looking longingly for 15 or 20 seconds, the redhead released the hold she had on the dress and told him, "You can read those boring old papers anytime. Let's have some fun!"

Agreeing with her completely he stood up, moved around the table, and squeezed onto the loveseat on the other side of Samantha. Looking Samantha square in the eyes he said to her in a firm yet sensitive voice, "Samantha, I think I speak for all of us when I say that we want to continue where we left off last Tuesday." 

She nodded as he continued, "If you will trust in us, we want to introduce you to pleasure and sensations like you have never dreamed of before."

As he spoke she grew more and more excited. She had no idea what sensations they wanted to have her experience. That mystery only added to her excitement. She hadn't even noticed that as he was speaking to her, the redhead had placed her hand on Samantha's right thigh and was even now running it further up her leg. It wasn't until her hand passed over the top of her stocking and contacted bare flesh that she acknowledged the redhead's touch. She turned her head and looked at the smiling redhead who was now sitting sideways on the loveseat with her one leg folded underneath her. Samantha turned back towards him when he resumed speaking. 

"Samantha, we really like you. And from what we have already seen we feel that you would truly enjoy what we have to teach you. But in order to truly appreciate it, you must place yourself in our hands and do as we say. You must shed any inhibitions you may have." He paused as she took a sip of her wine, her lips dry with excitement. The pause in his sales pitch allowed her to realize that both of his hands were now on her left thigh. After she took another sip of wine and set the glass down he continued.  

"We're not asking you to be our slave, or anything like that. We're just asking that you trust us to ensure your ultimate pleasure. And we won't ask you to do anything that hurts, well, not much anyway. But we will most assuredly ask you to push yourself further, both physically and emotionally, than you have ever done before. Consider carefully what I've said before you decide." 

He and the redhead both removed their hands from her legs and he refilled all of their glasses while Samantha thought about what he had said. She did trust them and she had already pushed her own limits in her actions from Tuesday and today. She was somewhat scared. "What else could they have in mind?" she thought to herself. But she also believed them when they said they wanted to guarantee her ultimate pleasure. "Ultimate pleasure" just the phrase alone excited her so. 

She licked her lips and raised her glass for another sip of wine. Placing a hand on each of their legs she boldly said, "OK, I'm all yours." 

They both smiled at her as the redhead said, "We hoped you would say that. We've been planning this for two days." She then leaned forward and pressed her lips against Samantha's. The redhead's tongue jutted forth and slid between Samantha's lips. Samantha was so enraptured by the redhead's kissing that she didn't even notice that he had stood and left the room. 

When the redhead stopped their kissing to take another sip of wine, Samantha noticed that he was no longer sitting next to her. He was now standing on the other side of the table. While she was preoccupied with the redhead, he had also managed to setup a tripod and camera. When she looked at him quizzically, he told her that since she had expressed an interest in posing naked the other day, this would be her first lesson. He then took up position behind the digital camera while the redhead assumed the role of director. 

The redhead started slowly so as to put Samantha at ease and to build her state of excitement as she went. First she had Samantha place her elbow on the low table and rest her chin on her fist, similar to Rodin's 'The Thinker'. As Samantha leaned forward like this, he and the camera were again treated to a magnificent view of her boobs. He could clearly make out that her nipples were erect from the excitement of the situation. 

The redhead then had the brunette kneel on the loveseat and lean over the back. This provided the camera with a beautiful shot of her ass and the back of her legs. After a couple of shots he then lowered the tripod and took several more. This angle afforded him a shot that caught the top of her stockings and the straps from her garter belt. 

As he continued to shoot picture after picture, the redhead moved in and pulled Samantha's tight skirt up over her ass. Having had removed her panties in the car earlier, her naked pussy and asshole were now on display for the camera. When she went to pull the dress down and cover herself, the redhead smacked the back of her hand and told her to stop. She told Samantha that she had to learn to lose her inhibitions. She is a beautiful girl and her guy takes great care to make sure that everyone he photographs looks their absolute best. Reluctantly she left the dress flipped up over her back. Even though she was self-conscious about being so exposed to the camera, she was also incredibly aroused at the same time. 

The redhead then repositioned Samantha after pulling down the bottom of the skirt again. She had Samantha sitting on the love seat with her lovely legs crossed. Then she unzipped the dress and pulled her arms out of the straps, letting the dress fall forward exposing her breasts with their very erect nipples. After a few shots in this position, she had Samantha stand and remove the dress entirely. He continued to take photos during the disrobing until she was not standing in only her nylons, garter belt, and high heals. 

The redhead then had Samantha lie back on the loveseat with her hair cascading over the arm and her one leg bent at the knee. He moved around her getting pictures from every angle. As he had been circling her, the redhead had stripped off her clothes and was now kneeling by Samantha's feet that were dangling off the other end of the loveseat. 

His camera was at her head, taking in her whole body when the redhead sunk her tongue into Samantha. He captured the entire range of emotions she experienced as they washed over her face. Surprise - Pleasure - Longing - Lust - Ecstasy.

After the redhead had brought Samantha to the brink of orgasm but not allowed her to climax, he declared it was time for a change of scene. He carried the camera and tripod while the redhead led Samantha through the house on the way to the "play room". The redhead pushed her through the doorway and steered her toward The Chair. 

As Samantha's eyes adjusted to the dark room, her eyes focused on an object by the far wall, its chrome reflecting the subdued lighting. As she got closer she could make out the shape clearly. It was a large vinyl chair, but there was something different about it. When she noticed a series of straps for securing the arms and legs, her pussy began to tingle with excitement. 

Without being asked, she sat herself down in The Chair. The redhead smiled before stepping forward and securing Samantha's arms and legs with the straps. Once she was secured, the redhead leaned down by her face and ran her tongue over Samantha's lips, pulling away before Samantha could kiss her. 

Suddenly and without warning the back of The Chair began rapidly reclining. At the same time, her legs were raised until she was lying in a horizontal position. The two padded supports that her legs were secured to then began to spread apart, opening her legs into a wide open V. The redhead stepped up beside her and placed her warm hand over Samantha's pussy, cupping her fingers between her legs. 

Samantha was no longer aware if he was still taking photographs, she really didn't care at this point. She was focused on her pleasure. When the redhead removed her hand, Samantha let out a small whimper, not wanting her to stop. She then heard the sound of a table being rolled across the floor. She was unable to tilt her head up enough to see what was happening. 

The next thing she felt was the touch of the redhead as she held her hand firmly on Samantha's tummy, between her navel and her pussy. Then she heard the distinct sound of scissors closing against one another. Suddenly she was aware what was happening, the redhead was cutting off her pubic hair. When she tried in vain to struggle, the redhead told her in a reassuring voice to just lie back and relax. Samantha knew there was nothing she could do in her current situation anyway, so she did as instructed. As the redhead cut more and more of the brunette's pubic hair, a sort of calm came over her. She found the feeling of the redhead's hands on her private parts very soothing. 

The redhead then began pouring warm water over her mound. When she heard the sound of the pressurized foam leaving the can, she knew what was coming. The redhead intended to shave her pussy completely bare. It was about that time that she heard the click of the camera and she realized that he had been documenting her entire shaving procedure. She couldn't wait to see the pictures. 

The redhead then began slathering the foam all over her pussy, making sure to cover every bit of remaining hair. As she worked the foam into a nice lather, Samantha came to enjoy the redhead's touch as she did so. The redhead picked up a brand new razor from the table and proceeded to shave her pussy. Slowly, strip after strip of foam covered hair was removed. As the redhead got closer to her lips, it was necessary to pull her skin taut to get a close smooth shave. Sometimes this necessitated the redhead pulling Samantha's nether lips one way or another. This too served to excite her. When the redhead finished shaving Samantha, she again poured warm water over her pussy. This time to wash away any last remnants of the shaving foam. 

Samantha felt herself blush as they both stood between her legs and complemented her on how beautiful her newly bald pussy looked. 

The redhead then moved beside her and slid open a drawer that was concealed in The Chair. She removed two long narrow glass cylinders with rubber tubing attached to the one end of each. The other end was open, about 1 inch in diameter. As the redhead lowered one cylinder over her right nipple, Samantha gasped when she felt her nipple sucked firmly into the glass tube. The redhead then repeated the process with the other cylinder on the other nipple. Samantha then heard the vacuum pump begin to cycle differently. Correspondingly her nipples were being sucked in an alternating fashion. Looking down at the glass cylinders sticking up from her chest, she was shocked to see that each of her nipples had been distended to a length of an inch and a half. The pump stopped cycling then but it continued to maintain a constant vacuum on both of her elongated tits. 

The redhead then pulled a third, narrower cylinder from the drawer. As she moved toward Samantha's waist, the brunette began to panic, fearing that this cylinder was going to be stuck on her clit. The redhead again soothed her fears while at the same time confirming that this one was going onto her clit. 

Since she had first been seated in The Chair, Samantha's clit had been throbbing with each exciting new experience. Even as the redhead went to attach the cylinder, her blood engorged clit visibly throbbed. When the redhead succeeded in capturing the little bud, the suction made her climax instantly. Being bound to The Chair as she was, she was unable to thrash about during her orgasm. That seemed to make it even more intense. Throughout it all the machine continued sucking on her clit, like a never tiring lover. The suction pulsed in the same way a baby would suckle on a nipple, only much more intense. 

While still experiencing one long continuous orgasm, Samantha discovered that the redhead was no longer near her or The Chair. She was over in front of her guy, on her knees, with his cock in her throat. She then noticed that he had the camera in his hands and was continuing to take photos of her as the redhead gave him a blowjob. 

Suddenly her attention was distracted when the arms of The Chair, with her arms attached, began moving out away from her sides. The moving stopped when her arms were sticking straight out to each side of her body. 

She then noticed that her pussy was warm and wet. She thought she may have wet herself. In actuality an articulated arm had risen from between her wide-spread legs. On the end of the arm was a large vibrator and from the end of the vibrator had come a fine spray of a heated lubricant. 

Unable to see what was approaching her, she gasped when the tip of the vibrator began pushing its way between her nether lips. Her lips expanded around its wide girth as it pushed deeper within her. So focused was her attention on this pleasurable invader between her legs that she did not realize that the clit sucker had now decreased to a level only sufficient to keep it from falling off. Her orgasm had also subsided. 

When a spiral rope of beads along the outside of the vibrator began rotating, climax grew near again. Adding additional stimulation, the vibrator began vibrating and thrusting in and out. With each movement the beads stimulated her lips. From her labored breathing they could tell that she was close to climaxing again. It was at that time that the vibrator plunged fully into her willing pussy and began spraying an artificial cum inside her. This sent her over the edge and she screamed as she had an even bigger orgasm than before. This orgasm lasted almost 60 seconds before she stopped screaming. 

The next thing she knew, they were both standing at her sides unstrapping her arms and legs from The Chair. She learned that she had passed out from the last orgasm. It had only been for a minute or two, but the shear fact that she could be driven that far over the brink of pleasure excited her. When she was released, they helped her out of The Chair and up the stairs to the master bedroom where they laid her on the bed to relax. They each took a position on either side of her. Within 2 minutes, Samantha had fallen into a contented sleep. 
