 He was sitting behind the desk in his home office. He was nearing completion of an important video conference with several managers from the plant that manufactures The Chair and a few representatives of the sex toy company that he had partnered with for production of some of the various attachments. Besides resolving several delivery issues that they had recently experienced, they had also discussed their earnings projections for the next 3 month period. All indications pointed to even larger growth during this next period. After thanking the other participants for a "very satisfying" meeting, he pressed the button that disconnected their computer audio/video link and shut off the camera. 

He then pushed his chair back from the desk as the naked redhead crawled up from beneath the desk. She had a wickedly naughty smile on her face as she took her finger and wiped up some of his cum that was still dribbling from the corner of her mouth. She then climbed onto his lap and went to press her lips to his. Just before their lips met, she stuck her finger between them so that they shared the last of his cum. 

It had been about 15 minutes before the end of the video conference when she had walked into his office completely naked. Without being seen by the video camera she had crawled under the desk and begun tormenting him as he tried to conduct his meeting. He had done a good job of maintaining control while she had run her fingers up and down his legs. Likewise when she began stroking his dick through his pants. It got a little harder (no pun intended) when she unzipped his pants and pulled out his now erect penis and began stroking him again. The point that he almost lost it completely was when she had engulfed his hard cock in her warm wet inviting mouth. For the last 5 minutes of the meeting she had been busy alternating between licking his dick and balls and sucking his cock. When she knew her guy was near cumming, she waited until one of the others began speaking and then she took her man's cock down her throat and began "milking" his cock with her throat muscles. He came almost immediately, shooting load after load of cum straight down her throat. Normally she prefers to taste his cum but this was a special occasion. 

After passionate French kissing for the next 90 seconds, he pulled his mouth away from hers. He mockingly told her that she had been a very bad girl and needed to be punished. As he flipped her face down bent over his lap she tried to escape his grasp (but not very convincingly). With the naked redhead held over his lap he began spanking her beautiful ass. With each blow it turned a deeper shade of red. After 5 hard blows on her upturned ass. He lowered his head and kissed each cheek before pulling her up and kissing her again. He told her how much he loved her sense of adventure and how she never seemed to run out of ways to surprise him. She told him that she loves that about him too. 

The reason she was more joyful than usual was because this was the day that he was going to make one of her fantasies come true. They had been lying in bed the other night discussing their fantasies when he suggested that they each pick one and make it come true for the other. Of course to add to the excitement, they were not to tell which fantasy they were going to play out. 

Following the encounter during the video conference, he refrained from any sexual contact with the redhead. He wanted her to be on edge when her fantasy began. 

At 1 o'clock he told her he needed to prepare her for later. He led her to the large master bathroom and sat her naked ass on the edge of the tub. She then noticed that he had a tray suspended between the two sides. On the tray was a towel, a bottle of baby oil, a pair of scissors, a can of shaving cream, and a razor. He told her to lean back against the tub wall while he was going to shave her pussy completely bare. Normally she kept a small tuft of red hair above her pussy, but for her experience today, it was necessary that she be completely hairless. 

Trusting in him completely, the redhead leaned back and closed her eyes. He then took the scissors and began trimming her pubic hair as close as possible. Using the handheld shower attachment, he proceeded to thoroughly soak her pussy with warm water. A chill ran up her body when she felt him first apply the cold shaving cream to her. As he worked it into a good lather, her pussy began to respond to his touch. He slowly and carefully proceeded to remove every last hair with the razor. He then used the shower again to wash off any remaining foam. After drying her with the towel, he poured a generous amount of baby oil into his hands and began to rub it into her newly exposed flesh. He made sure to stop before she would climax, he wanted her on edge until tonight. 

At 2 o'clock that afternoon, he told her it was time to leave. Not knowing where they were going, she asked him how she should dress. He smiled and told her that it didn't matter. Hearing that, she pulled on a tight pair of jeans and a button down shirt.  

After driving for about 20 minutes they pulled up in front of a photographer's studio. Many of her fantasies involved photographs, but none that she remembered involved a professional. As they walked inside, they were greeted by the photographer, Tim. He is actually known across the country and possibly the world. He looked appreciatively at the redhead (as most men and many women) do. He told her guy that everything had been prepared per his instructions. He then pointed the redhead toward a curtained area and suggested she get ready by getting undressed. She obediently stepped behind the curtain and began to strip. There was a light on the far side of the curtained area and she cast a very distinct shadow on the thin curtain. The photographer snapped off several shots of her silhouette undressing before she stepped from behind the screen in all her naked glory. 

The photographer led her over to an area in the studio where there were several airbrushes and other painting supplies laid out. She now had a good idea which one of her fantasies her guy was about to make come true. For the next 90 minutes, the artist painstakingly applied paint to the beauty before him. Her guy busied himself taking behind the scene photographs of the artistic process as the work of art began to take form. 

Finally the piece was done. Tim rolled out a full-length tri-folding mirror so the redhead could appreciate his work from all angles. The redhead was now adorned with a very realistic representation of a tailored jacket with jewel encrusted lapels. The jewels were actual rhinestones that were glued to her painted body. From a distance it was hard to tell that the girl was actually naked and only wearing an elaborate coat of paint. 

This was reminiscent of two celebrity photographs that he had seen before. One was that of Demi Moore that was featured on a cover of Vanity Fair in 1992, with a man's suit painted on her naked body. The other was that of adult website mogul Dani Ashe featured on the cover of Gallery magazine in February 1999, painted on the right half with a pinstripe suit and the left half with a jewel spangled silver bikini. 

While the redhead admired her new wardrobe in the mirrors, Tim moved two large fans into position to speed the drying of the paint. 

Once the paint was sufficiently dry they headed for their car. As she appeared to be fully dressed, she didn't draw any attention as they made their way to the car. He then pulled out on the road and headed for their ultimate destination for the evening.  

As they neared the downtown area, she could see searchlights ahead. When they pulled up next to the lights she discovered that this was their destination. It was the grand opening of a hot new nightclub. While he handed his keys over to the valet, the doorman opened the car door for the redhead. It took almost 10 seconds of his looking at the lady before he realized that she was naked. By this time, she had latched onto the arm of her guy and they were both entering the club. 

Inside, the club was packed with many local celebrities. Waiters circulated passing out glasses of champagne. With her arm tightly wrapped around her guy's arm, they made the rounds of the club. As they checked out the new club, the redhead was getting more and more excited, walking around stark naked while everyone else was fully dressed. Whenever they got near enough to someone for them to tell that she was only wearing a painted on jacket, they would see a smile come to their faces. Once that happened many men, and several women complemented her on her attire for the evening. 

When he returned with another glass of champagne for her, she was not where he had left her. Looking around he soon spotted her out on the dance floor. As the one song ended a slow song began and her dance partner took her in his arms. Her guy looked on as another man held his naked redhead tightly against him as they danced. As they danced, he saw the man's hands slowly make their way down her back until they came to rest on her naked ass. 

This didn't really bother him as he had shared her with other men on numerous occasions the same as she had shared him with other women. The difference this time was that this was not planned in advance. It excited him immensely as he watched the redhead grinding herself against the man's obvious erection. The man then became even more bold as his hand slid between the cheeks of her ass and forward. From the reaction on the redhead's face, he was certain that her dance partner had just penetrated her with one or more fingers. The redhead had her head resting on her partner's shoulder and her eyes were looking straight at her guy. The man must have been thrusting into her now as he saw the redhead move upward slightly with a regular rhythm. She kept her eyes locked on him as he did his on her. Less than one minute after the man had first began fingering her, she had her first orgasm in 12 hours. As she was in the middle of a crowded dance floor, she bit her lower lip to keep herself from crying out. It was only seconds later when the song ended. She pulled herself away from her dance partner and made her way over toward her guy. 

When she reached him she pulled him to her and kissed him passionately. When he pulled away from her he asked if she had just had fun. To which she replied that she had. She then quickly sipped the champagne he had gotten for her. 

The two of them then shared a dance before he excused himself to use the restroom. When he returned, he again found the redhead on the dance floor. This time however she had two dance partners. There was a tall blonde man pressed up against her back, while pressed against her chest was a sexy brunette with large breasts. With the dance floor getting more crowded as the night went on, it was more difficult for him to watch his lady enjoy herself. He climbed the stairs to a landing halfway up to the second floor. This provided him the perfect vantage point to watch from. 

The man behind her was clearly rubbing his erection against her ass while the woman, presumably his date, was pressing her breasts tightly against those of the painted redhead. He watched as the woman reached between them and her fingers spread the painted lips of the redhead's pussy. As she inserted two fingers into her, the two women began to French kiss. He could tell that their tongues were busy exploring each other's mouths as the brunette explored her pussy with her fingers. Soon he saw the brunette bury a third and then a fourth finger deep inside the redhead. From behind the blonde man had his arms wrapped around her and his hands were cupping and squeezing her naked breasts as they "danced". 

He then watched in fascination as his redhead reached behind her and unzipped the man's pants, releasing his erection. The man quickly pressed it between the cheeks of her ass as he ground his pelvis against her. Soon he pulled back just enough that he could place his cock between the redhead's legs. The brunette then grasped his dick and held it just inside the redhead's very wet pussy. The man then closed the gap between them and shoved his long cock fully inside the naked beauty between them. As the man rocked back and forth to the music with his dick buried in the redhead, the brunette was now vigorously fingering the redhead's clit. It was only 30 seconds before he saw his redhead climax on the dance floor below with a stranger's cock inside her. He would later learn that her orgasm had been triggered when he had cum inside her. Quickly the man returned his softening dick to the confines of his pants while the brunette kissed the redhead goodbye. 

He made his way down the stairs to catch up with his lady as she was leaving the dance floor. He took her in his arms and kissed her, tasting the brunette on her lips. Then he told her he loved her and hoped her fantasy had been adequately fulfilled. She smiled at him and said that it had. He then led her outside where they stood waiting for the valet to bring the car around. He opened the car door for her and as she slid in, her legs parted and he saw the stranger's cum dripping from her pussy. 

Once they returned home they had hot wild sex for ninety minutes before stopping to wash the paint from her body. Then they made passionate love for the next two hours before finally going to sleep. 

*** ***

It was one week later, on his birthday, when the redhead informed him that today was the day that she would fulfill his fantasy. Of course she told him this when he first awoke at 8 o'clock in the morning, knowing that his fantasy would not take place until later that evening. She wanted his anticipation to build over the next 12 hours the same way that he had let hers build the week before. She refrained from having any sexual activity with him that day, although she did spend the entire day walking around the house totally nude just to torment him. 

At quarter after seven she told him to take a shower in the guest bathroom and prepare for his fantasy. She told him that she would lay out his wardrobe on the bed in the guest room while he was showering. She also warned him that it would be his loss if he were to masturbate while in the shower. While showering he did as he was told, although his dick was erect the entire time, in anticipation of whatever was to come this evening. 

When he emerged from the shower, he found a silk robe lying on the bed. On top of the robe was a note in the redhead's handwriting that told him to put the robe on and wait in the bedroom until exactly 8 o'clock. At that time he was to come downstairs and meet her in the Great Room. 

As he lay there on the bed in the guest room, his thoughts drifted back to the housewarming party they had a few months ago. During the party he had come into this room and found the redhead blindfolded on the bed in the middle of a self-orchestrated gang bang [see Chapter 29]. 

Finally the clock display indicated that it was 8 o'clock and he headed for the stairs. On the way down the stairs, he heard several female voices. When he could see into the Great Room he saw over a half dozen beautiful women sitting around the room drinking and chatting away. When he reached the foot of the stairs, his redhead was there to greet him. She wrapped her arm around his waist, kissed him and led him over to the center of the seating area. 

She then told him that knowing his propensity for beautiful women of all ethnicities, she had decided to give him a sort of around the world sexual smorgasbord. She then introduced him to each of the ladies. 

Jesse - A beautiful blonde from Texas with a sweet sounding drawl when she spoke. Tanisha - A small black girl with shimmering skin befitting a Nubian princess. Colleen - A tall redheaded lass direct from Ireland. Natasha - A black-haired green-eyed Russian girl born in Russia but raised in the US. He had previously met her when the redhead surprised him for a previous birthday with a BDSM session with Natasha [see Chapter 27]. Min - A small dark-haired Korean girl. Inga & Frieda - Two gorgeous blonde Scandinavian twins from Sweden. 

The redhead then explained how the evening would progress. He would be given 45 minutes alone in the Master Bedroom with each girl (or pair of girls in the case of the twins). He was then expected to fuck his way "around the world". 

The redhead announced that she would be determining the order in which the girls would visit her guy. She chose Colleen to be the first. He extended his hand and helped the redhead rise from the couch. As they made their way upstairs, they each put an arm around the other's waist as they climbed the circular staircase. 

When he opened the door to the master bedroom, he understood why he had been required to wait in the guest room. His redhead had decorated the walls of the master bedroom with travel posters from each of the countries represented by the girls. The room was also adorned with many scented candles. Beside the bed was a champagne chiller filled with ice and a bottle of fine champagne. 

As Colleen sat on the bed, he poured them each a glass of bubbly. They toasted to "international relations" with a laugh. The white off the shoulder peasant blouse displayed her alabaster shoulders and upper chest. The green skirt she was wearing came midway between her hips and knees, exposing her shapely thighs. He pulled playfully at the midriff of her blouse, slowly easing it over her full voluptuous breasts. When they came into view, he had no choice but to begin kissing each one. As he was devoting his attention to her breasts, he noticed her nipples harden and become erect. He now moved his attention to them, and after planting a kiss on each pert nipple, began licking and sucking them. This was now getting to Colleen as she pulled his face tight to her left tit. He took the nipple within his mouth and began rapidly flicking his tongue over the tip. This sent her over the edge and triggered her first orgasm. 

This excited him and his dick began to throb under the silk robe. He opened the robe and slipped it off his arms, letting it fall to the floor. He then slid down her body, unzipping her skirt as he went. When he pulled the skirt from her hips he was pleasantly surprised to find that she was not wearing panties. He was also surprised to find that her pussy was shaved completely bare. His own redhead prefers to leave a small landing strip. He started kissing her navel and then worked his way further down. As he made his way south, he used his tongue to trace the creases at the tops of her thighs. He then gently pulled at each of her lips with his teeth before plunging his tongue into her warm wet cavern of love. Curling his tongue at the tip, he quickly found her g-spot and soon had her writhing in her second orgasm. 

Once that subsided, they both knew what was coming next (no pun intended). He moved until his body was poised above hers and then kissed her mouth, allowing her to smell and taste her own wonderful essence. She then reached down and grasped his hard cock in her hand, positioning its head just between the moist outer lips of her pussy. Then with a single thrust he plunged his cock fully into her. She gasped as he had penetrated her further than any man had before. As he slowly withdrew his dick, she wrapped her legs around his ass, pulling him back inside her. They continued this way building up a nice rhythm that steadily increased in speed and intensity. He then took her legs and positioned them on his shoulders. In this position he could penetrate her even more deeply. After only a few more strokes they were both close to cumming. Balancing himself on one hand he used the other to move her hand to his chest with her fingers on his nipple. He then placed his hand on hers the same way. She understood what he wanted. As she began pinching his nipple, she felt his cock get even harder within her cunt. He started squeezing her nipple and her pussy began to clamp down on his cock. Almost simultaneously they both increased the force of their pinching, each spurring the other on to concurrent orgasms. 
