 Josephine enters the mall, hoping with all hope that her new outfit is in at the Leather Emporium. 

As she continues to walk, she notices a group of men and women starring in her direction. Knowing that they are looking at her sexy 5'7" body with her 38H chest and a figure that would melt the sun, she bends over very provocatively, lifts her skirt to her thigh, and secures her stocking to the garter clip. Hearing the hoots and hollers, she knows she got her point across. She slowly rises, gives a little wink and blows a kiss at the group. She continues on, still able to hear the guys chanting at her for more, she then hears the women yelling at them to quit. Josephine's good deed is done for today.

As she proceeds on her way, she bumps into a strikingly beautiful woman. She has long auburn hair, green eyes and lips that beg to be kissed. Her full bust and slim figure made her stand out like a goddess among the common people. The red strapless dress she wore accentuated all her curves perfectly.

"I'm so sorry" Josephine exclaims. "Are you okay?" 

The mysterious woman replies, "Yes and I'm sorry. I should have been watching where I was going." Her voice sounded like a distance thunderstorm, making my knees give a little. "My name is Josephine McAnne." She exclaims without thinking. 

"Hello, my name is Autumn Brokey." She reaches out her hand to Josephine. She takes the hand and almost melts from her touch.

"I know this is a little forward but I have some shopping to do and I wondered if you would like to come with me." Pausing, she then continues on, "We could go to lunch after we shop." Autumn almost instantly agrees saying "That would be really nice."

They start walking and even though they just meet 10 minutes ago, they talk as if they've been friends for years. Laughing at each other as they dart in and out of stores. Autumn asks "Would it be ok if I hold your hand?" Josephine's heart skipped a beat. "I would enjoy that immensely," she says at the same time Autumn takes her hand and intertwines their fingers. 

They finally reach the Leather Emporium and Josephine tells Autumn "I have something to pick up here. Do you mind?"

"Not at all" Autumn says, "I would like to look around anyway." 

Josephine walks over to the salesman, whose name is Seth, and tells her name and what she there to pick up. "You will have to try it on because we have a no return policy. If it doesn't fit we'll have to order another size." She agrees and takes the package to the changing room. She then bumps into Autumn again and they both start laughing. "We really need to stop meeting like this" Autumn laughs out. Then she notices the package. "What's in there?" 

Josephine starts to chuckle. "My outfit." she says very innocently. Autumn lifts the lid off the package and sees a leather and brass outfit. Autumn looks up into Josephine's' eyes and asks "Are you going to try it on?"

"Yes. I have to." Josephine says as she opens the door the room. Autumn stops her by placing her hand on Josephine's stomach, and asks her "Do you mind if I see you in it..."

Josephine hesitates, then answers timidly "Sure. Just give me a minute to get it on." Feeling nervous she rushes into the changing room, slamming the door behind her.

Once inside, she starts to undress. Thinking only about this woman, whom she only met 1 hour before, is about to see her in this outfit. The thought excites her, and she quickly gets dressed. 

When she's all done, she stops and looks in the mirror. She can't believe the image in the mirror is hers. The leather neck collar is attached to the leather tube top with only 6 brass chains. There are about 20 smaller chains dangling from the bottom of the top. Josephine loves the feel of cold metal on her bare skin. She then admires her ass in the leather short shorts, which are connected to her thigh high leather boots with 2 chains on each leg. The tight fit of the outfit accentuates her breasts and ass so well. She's turned on by this lovely and dominate woman staring back at her.

There's a knock on the door. "Are you done in there yet?" Autumn asks, sounding as excited as Josephine felt. "Umm yeah. Come on in." Replies a very nervous Josephine. The door opens and standing in front of her is a Goddess in leather. Autumn is now sporting a black leather mini skirt with a zipper down the right side, and a leather top that ties around her neck. Her stomach is also exposed showing her navel ring. The black leather mid calf boots accent the outfit beautifully.

Autumn stares at Josephine. Unable to believe that this woman who just minutes before looked as if she worked in a lawyers office, now looks like a dungeon mistress. Autumn feels herself becoming wet. 

Pulling Josephine out of the room, Autumn walks them over to the tri-fold mirror. Looking into the mirror, they put their arms around each other. Autumn, turning Josephine towards her, exclaims, "You are a very beautiful woman." Before Josephine can thank her, Autumn leans over and gives her a light kiss on her lips. Josephine responds by kissing her back and wrapping her arms around her neck, playing with her hair.

They continue to kiss, and with each passing minute, their passion builds. Josephine begins to stroke Autumn's breast through the leather top, rubbing her thumb over the nipples just a little harder than the rest. Autumn moans into Josephine's' wanting mouth and places a hand on Josephine's' crotch. She is massaging the clit with urgency for release. Now Josephine is the one moaning.

They continue on rubbing and stroking and licking each other, until Josephine stops suddenly. Autumn looks into her face and sees her looking at the doorway. Autumn turns to see what she is staring at and ends up looking into the face of a very excited Seth... 

The girls are so turned on from the whole situation that they both walk over to Seth and begin to kiss him and help him out of his clothes. He, after a moment of shock, realizes what is going on and reacts to their stimulation by kissing them back and rubbing their breasts. Making sure each girl gets a chance to taste his lips.

Seth pauses, realizing he is at work. Thanks God above that he already put the "Be back in 1 Hour " sign in the window and locked the door. He then continues the tongue torture to both of these beautiful ladies. 

The girls now have all of Seth's clothes off of him and thrown in different directions. They lower him to the ground and begin to lick and kiss every inch of his body, except for his cock. 

Soon his moans and breathing reflect his plea to be fucked as Josephine and Autumn give him the tongue bath of a lifetime. Autumn is aware of his arousal, and thinks a little torture would be fun.

She sits up and pulls Josephine to her. Autumn gives her a big, wet passionate kiss, which makes Josephine want this experience even more. They begin to stroke each other's pussy bringing themselves ever so close to orgasm. Seth begins to sit up, feeling left out. Autumn, seeing this, puts her hand to his chest saying, "Just lay there and enjoy the show baby." Autumn begins to undress Josephine only 2 feet away from him. Josephine returns the favor by quickly undoing Autumn's' awesome outfit. They continue to play, sliding one finger into the others juicy pussy, until they both cumm in an explosive combination of cries and whimpers. 

They sit, staring into each other's eyes, until they feel their urges coming back full force. Then they look and Seth and realize they need dick. 

Autumn stands, strolls over to Seth, and plants a passionate kiss on his lips and slowly works down to his cock. Josephine crawls over to them on all fours and goes instantly to his tasty looking dick. Josephine sucks the head of his enormous cock into her inquiring mouth. Seth can only moan a small plea "Please, oh God please, fuck me." Meanwhile Autumn meets Josephine at his prick and they both begin to lick and suck. Josephine slowly moves more of his cock into her mouth as Autumn licks his balls and sucks on them gently. Seth looks into the tri-fold mirror to get a better view of this incredible blowjob.

Seth sits up and grabs 2 handfuls of ass as the ladies play with their own pussies. They begin to kiss each other while sucking and licking his cock. With everything building up to the ultimate fall there is no turning back. 

Josephine tells Autumn she can have him first, if she promises to save some for her. Autumn agrees and quickly mounts him, taking all he has to offer in one motion. Sitting still for a moment to enjoy the feeling. Josephine then asks Seth "Would you like to taste me?" He nods, unable to utter a word. She goes to him and turns to face Autumn. She straddles his head and slowly sits, leaning forward to lick Autumn's clit and his cock. The feel of his tongue on her cunt almost makes her cumm. Everyone stays still, wanting this feeling to never end.

Autumn is the first to move. She starts grinding into him as his tongue comes out to taste Josephine's cunt again. He inserts his tongue into her juicy pussy as he rubs her clit with his fingers. 

Josephine sits up and her and Autumn use each other for leverage as they kiss and pinch each other's nipples. 

Unable to hold out any longer, Autumn grinds her way into a mind shattering orgasm. The orgasm hits so hard she is incapable of speaking or holding on to Josephine. She falls to the floor while the waves of the intense orgasm flow over her. Autumn can hardly breathe...

"Looks like it's just us." Josephine says with a smile as she stands up and turns to Seth's handsome face. Kneeling at his feet, she can see in his eyes the excitement that his lips cannot utter. Josephine, looking into his soul, can see the flame of his passion burning brightly within. She wants him, like no one she has ever wanted before. 

"Please," he begs, "Oh God please. I want you so damn much. Anything, you can have it all just please..." He trails off as if he is slowly beginning to die without her touch.

She leans forward and begins to crawl up to his legs to his chest, stopping only inches away from his face. "What will you give me in return?" she asks. Seth replies "My body and all I have to offer." Liking his answer very much she moves to his side and kisses her way down to his groin. He is so turned on that his cock has released a few drops of pre cum, mingling with Autumn'' juices. Josephine hungrily attacks his cock, cleaning away all traces of Seth and Autumn's sexual act.

As she continues to blow him, he asks, "Have you ever had anal sex before?" Seth then places his hand on her ass and gently begins massaging the tense cheeks, slipping a finger down her crack. Josephine, startled by this question and his actions, replies with a breathless "No, I haven't." Seth's' reaction is showed by his cock stiffening in her experienced hands. "Maybe its about time you have."

Moving, he molds Josephine into a position so that he can get a better view of her ass. She is now on her knees and her back is to him as he begins to massage her shoulders, working all the knots out. He then continues on down her back. Seth can feel her relaxing under his commanding hands and moves lower still to kneed the cheeks of her virgin ass. His cock is only inches away from her incredible ass and he can't help but reach down and stroke his rock hard shaft.

He moves down to kiss each muscular cheek in turn; he pulls them apart gently and starts planting a trail of kisses down to her untouched hole. When Seth reaches her undefiled chasm he prepares it by licking and pressing his tongue into it. A moan escapes her lips as she struggles to hold on to the last of her innocence, failing miserably.

Seth then places one finger at her wanton hole and slowly enters this forbidden spot. Josephine is now the one begging. "Please, oh please! Fuck me! Please fuck me!." He inserts another finger into her while, with his other hand still stroking his cock, he positions himself and fills her cunt with all 8" of him. 

Josephine's orgasm hits its climatic peek instantly.

Seth removes his fingers and pulls Josephine up so that he can now hold her body to his, now half sitting with his chest to her back, and asks "Would you like it in your ass now?" A faint "Yes" is all she could say...

Seth slides his hand between their sweaty bodies and takes hold of his enormous cock removing it from her dripping pussy. Josephine pleads into his ear saying "Please I need to be fucked. Please..." Seth raises his free hand to her mouth lightly stroking her bottom lip with his finger. "Just be patient, my love." he answers, as he leads his shaft to her newly explored hole. Josephine knows what's next.

Seth places his hard cock at the entrance of her forbidden hole and slowly he pushes in just the tip of his dick. Josephine's' cry of pain is cut short for Seth covered her mouth with his hand. "It only hurts for a minute" he whispers into her ear, as he continues to push himself an inch more into her ass.

Inch by painfully exciting inch he fills her, placing one arm around her waist and the other to her hard nipple. He pauses, with the last 3 inches of his dick still to be inserted. In one motion he thrusts the last of his cock into her at once. Her cries of painful pleasure reach his ears with an urgency that matches his own. 

She remains still for a moment, enjoying this new sensation. She knows she will never feel anything this close to Heaven again. Seth's words come to her like a distant wind. "Ohhh baby. Just tell me when your ready. Mmmm." The excitement in Seth's voice sounds almost strained. He tries to hold back his own orgasm; He wants this beautiful woman to enjoy this first encounter. Seth is enjoying the extremely tight fit of her ass and Seth almost cumms right there from the feeling.

Seth moves his hand from her waist and slowly ventures down to her still hard clit, massaging it gently. She starts to rock her hips to the rhythm of his fingers. He begins to ease himself out of her ass and then pushes it back into that sweet hole a little harder each time he does. Josephine is delirious from the pleasure and can only repeat the words "Oh God!" over and over again. 

Autumn, hearing Josephine's' cries of ecstasy, reclaim enough of her senses to want more from these two willing partners. She moves toward Josephine's' chest and begins to lick her nipples as she slips a warm finger into her own wet cunt. Autumn then plants little kisses down to Josephine's wet and dripping pussy. She moves to the floor to get a better view of what she has missed and begins to lick Josephine's pussy from front to back. 

Josephine is so overwhelmed from this attention that she can feel the impending orgasm coming to her like a runaway train. She grabs Seth upper arm and scrapes her teeth against the taunt skin. While with her other hand she reaches out for Autumn's' perky breasts and rolls the nipple between her fingers.

Seth grabs a handful of hair and pulls Josephine's head back so he can kiss her full on the lips. Autumn inserts two fingers into Josephine's elegant pussy and three into her own. She can feel her muscles starting to tighten around her fingers and she knows Josephine will be cumming soon. 

Josephine, losing all self-control, bends forward and begins to eat Autumn like she's never done before with anyone else. Autumn's reaction to this is one of absolute pleasure. She inserts another finger into Josephine's pussy while she nibbles on her clit. Seth's response, to this magnificent sight, is to wrap his arms around her tightly and fuck her harder and faster. He can barely hold back his own orgasm. Autumn, eating and finger fucking Josephine, can tell that Josephine is more than ready to cum again. Seth, seeing this awesome sight in front of him and the feel of this woman's body is getting to be too much for him. Knowing that his own orgasm is only moments away, he knows he cannot hold back any longer.

Seth squeezes Josephine's waist as he breathlessly says, "I'm going to cum mmmmmmmmmm!" Hearing this Josephine's orgasm hits like an earthquake. Shaking everyone involved. Seth yells "Oh God AUGHHHHH" as he shoots his load into Josephine's sore ass. Josephine screams into Autumn's cunt and Autumn's orgasm erupts, sending a new excitement through her body. Unable to maintain their present position, everyone falls to the floor, allowing the orgasms to take control over all their bodies.

They lay there for several minutes, all trying to fall back to earth and find the ability to breathe. Slowly, they start to move and pull apart from each other. Seth is the first one to his feet. Trying to dress quickly he proclaims "Holy shit! This is only my second day!" The girls bust out laughing. They rise from the floor and head towards the changing room, where this whole sex act began.

They gaze upon each other as they dress, admiring the sensuality of the act. After a few minutes Autumn declares, "You know, I have never done this before with someone I just met." Josephine, blushing, she bows her head and replies "Me either." She continues, "Actually you are the first woman I have ever had sex with." Autumn, placing her hand on Josephine's chin, lifts her face so that she may look into her eyes. Autumn can see that she's telling the truth. "You did an exceptional job," Autumn tells Josephine, pulling her forward and brushing a kiss upon her lips. Josephine feels the warmth from her lips and instantly wants more but Autumn bends over and puts Josephine's outfit back in the box.

Autumn takes a step away from Josephine and opens the changing room door, holding the glorious package. They exit the changing rooms still talking. "You're a very fast learner, aren't you," Autumn exclaims. Josephine replies with a smile from ear to ear, "Only if I have the right teacher." 

Putting their arms around each other, Josephine can feel herself getting excited from being so close to this magnificent woman. They walk up to the counter where Seth sits, trying to regain a little composure, still tucking in his shirt. 

Autumn sets the package on the counter as Josephine reaches for her purse. "No charge" Seth whispers as he puts the package into the bag. "Consider it a present for breathing life back into this boring job." Josephine leans forward and pulls Seth to her waiting mouth, kissing him passionately. Releasing him she replies, "Thank you. I'll think of you when I wear it." She picks up the bag as Autumn reaches for her other hand. They walk to the doorway, pausing, just before they cross the threshold. Autumn looks into Josephine's eyes and looks back at Seth. "We both will" was all she said. Both laughing now as they exit the store.

Both famished from their "Leather experience," they exit the mall and decide they will ride together to the restaurant. Looking back on the activities of the day so far, they only have high expectations on how the rest of their day will be. 

As they drive off Josephine leans over to Autumn, who is the one driving, and asks "Have you ever had sex in a restaurant before?" Autumn looks at Josephine and can tell she is serious. She starts to answer until she sees break lights out of the corner of her eye. She slams on the breaks so she doesn't hit the car in front of her. Autumn's attention is now back on Josephine. "No I haven't" she finally answers, causing a smile to form on Josephine's lips. 

Thinking about what Josephine has in mind, Autumn quickly gets the car moving again. Heading for the nearest restaurant, she can only hope that there is one person there who enjoys sex in public as much as they do.