 My eyes opened, finding the clock next to me. It read 11:00. I couldn't believe I slept in so long. My mind went back to the events of the day before and my fingers went to my warm pussy. A feeling I hadn't had in a long time. It was a little sore but a well fucked pussy.

Todd had left my house after midnight. I lost count of how many times and ways we had sex. I knew it was wrong to fuck a student but damn it felt good. Every time I thought he was finished, his cock sprung up for another round. I was dreading Monday though. Having to face the boy whose virginity I took would be difficult. I was afraid one of us would give it away and we would both be in trouble.

I was nervous all day waiting for my class with "my boys". Fifth hour finally arrived with my students hurrying in. Class went without incident to my surprise. Todd acted like nothing had happened. He did give a little smile on his way out of class.

Mid-week Jim and Tony caught me after school. "Mrs. Thompson, can we ask you a favor?" Tony asked.

"Sure guys, what's up?"

"We have a debate tournament a week from Saturday and we wanted to see if you would critique us this weekend."

"Don't you have a debate coach for that?"

Jim chimed in, "Mr. Ellis seems to concentrate on Traci and Kim. They are the champions from last year. He doesn't give us much help."

I agreed, meeting the boys at my room at 3:00 after they had their practice with Mr. Ellis. We went through a practice session with them debating the way Mr. Ellis had taught them. Once they finished, I gave them several suggestions that directly went against what Mr. Ellis was teaching. My suggestions were more based on common sense with an aggressive attitude. We worked late into the night to perfect their new style. At the end of the night I thought they could do well.

As they left I gave them hugs. Jim held me tight whispering in my ear "thank you." It was a sensuous hug that made me feel warm inside.

On Friday the boys stopped by for me to wish them luck. We talked about their new strategy and how they would implement it. As they were leaving to go Tony spoke up, "A kiss for luck is tradition, you know."

"Not at school Tony." I looked around to see the hall was empty. I quickly kissed each boy on the cheek and sent them on their way. "I want to know how you guys do, so let me know." I said as they walked off.

By Saturday afternoon I had forgotten about the competition. I had settled into a night at home with some wine and a movie. I was two big glasses in when I heard a knock at the door.

I went to door finding Jim and Tony. "Mrs. Thompson, Mrs. Thompson, we won!" He yelled holding up a trophy. "Can you believe it, we actually won."

"Get in here before my neighbors hear and see you." I pulled the boys in. I could smell alcohol on their breath. "Have you guys been drinking."

Jim put his head down, "We snuck a few beers from my parents."

"Give me your keys, you're not driving. Now tell me all about what happened." Jim and Tony told me all about how the debate contest went and how they not just won but defeated Mr. Ellis' favored students.

"It was so painful for Mr. Ellis to congratulate us. We could tell he was pissed." I high fived them and gave them hugs. "Hey where is our kiss for winning."

"I never promised you a kiss."

"I thought when you said not at school, you meant you would give us a kiss off school grounds. We aren't on school grounds now."

I knew I shouldn't, but to myself I blamed it on the wine. I reached out and kissed Tony on the lips, no tongue though. Tony backed up, "Wow, that was great. I have to piss, sorry." Tony hurried to the bathroom.

"What the hell was that about?" I asked.

"I don't know, I guess he had to go. Not to be presumptuous but do I get a congratulatory kiss?" Jim asked.

I stepped up to Jim who was the tallest of the four. His arms enveloped me as I pushed my lips to his. I melted into his warm grasp. I opened my mouth feeling Jim's tongue on my lips. Our bodies rubbed against each other as our tongues intertwined. Our mouths were pressing together while our hands were also exploring.

A moan escaped my lips when Jim's hands slipped under my t-shirt to my find my braless tits. Before I knew it, Jim, with my help, had pulled my t-shirt over my head and was sucking on my tits. I was so consumed with Jim that I had forgotten that Tony was still in the house.

Tony's presence was brought back to me when I felt another set of hands on my shoulders and lips on my neck. Just like with Todd, my head was telling me to stop but my body wanted more. I could have blamed it on the alcohol, but in reality I was just horny. Jim was licking and sucking on my tits, while Tony was kissing my neck. I turned my head to find Tony's lips, kissing him and pushing my tongue into his mouth.

One of the boy's hands slid between my legs. I groaned as my pussy was rubbed over my sweats. I felt my sweats sliding down over my hips and a finger inserting into my pussy. I figured out that it was Jim who had his finger in my pussy as Tony's were still on my shoulders.

I pulled back from Tony's lips, "Boys stop, I can't stand any longer." They both stood up with panicked looks on their faces.

Jim spoke first, "I'm so sorry, Mrs. Thompson, we got carried away."

I looked at the scared look on their faces, then looked at the bulges in their pants. Just like with Todd I knew it was a mistake to go farther but I was so damn horny. I looked back in their eyes seeing both lust and fear. I stepped up close to the boys pulling them close to me. "Listen to me boys, you will not say a word about what happened here tonight."

"We won't say a word, Mrs. Thompson. I'm so sorry I touched your tits," Jim said in a panic.

Still holding them close to me I said to them, "Are you sorry you put your fingers and your dick in my pussy?"

"Oh yes, I'm sorry. Wait, I didn't put my dick anywhere."

"Not yet. If we are going to keep quiet about something, I think we should do it right." I reached down grabbing their crotches.

Tony chimed in, "How do we do it right?"

"You wanted a congratulatory kiss, I'm suggesting a congratulatory fuck. You boys feel like you've got some pent-up energy down here. If we are going to have a secret, let's have one something worth keeping."

"Are you serious?" Tony asked in disbelief.

"I'm standing her almost naked, I have my hands on your hard crotches and Jim has my pussy juice on his fingers. I've very serious about fucking you both. The question is, are you serious about keeping your mouths shut and are you going upstairs with me now?"

I finished pulling my sweats bottoms off and headed upstairs. I didn't look back but heard the boys quickly scurrying behind me. I turned around by my bed watching the boys enter my bedroom. "Okay boys, strip for me. Get naked, I want to see those cocks." 

They quickly tore their clothes off, standing before me with their dicks at attention. Jim who was taller than Tony, had a noticeably bigger cock than Tony. I didn't want Tony to feel bad, but I couldn't wait to get Jim's cock inside me.

I sat on the edge of the bed and motioned them to come to me. With each hand I stroked the two cocks in front of me. I leaned over and started going back and forth between their cocks kissing and sucking them. I was so excited to have these two virgin cocks in my hand my pussy was saoked. The boys moaned as I stoked and sucked. I thought Tony might be getting close to cumming so I stopped sucking and stroking them.

I turned around on my hands and knees, "Tony, come in behind me and put your cock in me. Jim come in front of me, so I can keep you hard for your turn."

Tony slipped behind me, putting his hands on my ass. I felt his dick rub against my pussy lips. "I just push it in, right?"

I looked up at Jim whose big cock was inches from my mouth, "That's it Tony, push it all the way in. MMM, now start moving it in and out." I kissed Jim's cock while Tony was grinding his dick into my pussy.

I pulled Jim down to me, "Jim, go in my bathroom and get me a wash cloth. Tony is about to cum." Jim looked at me strangely but did as he was told. Jim has just gotten back to the bed when Tony grunted filling my pussy.

"Oh shit, that was great." He pulled his shrinking cock out me.

I rolled over wiping out Tony's cum from my pussy. "Tony, take this washcloth in to the bathroom to rinse it off." As Tony walked to the bathroom motioned to Jim to get between my spread legs. kissed him and held him tight to me. "I can't wait to get your big cock inside me. Fuck me good, Jim."

Jim smiled at me then pushed his cock head through my pussy lips. He kept his eyes on mine as he fully inserted his dick inside me. The size difference between Tony and Jim was noticeable. This noticeable difference felt incredible. Tony's cock felt good, but Jim's cock felt bigger and fuller.

I was questioning in my head if Jim really was a virgin. He was fucking me hard and seemed to know what he was doing. My body responded with a tremendous orgasm. I grunted in Jim's ear that I was cumming. Jim continued to rock his cock in and out of my pussy as my body shook.

Jim's breathing was getting heavy. He put his lips to my ear, "Do you want me to pull out?"

"Keep fucking me and when you're ready I want you to fill my pussy with your cum." No sooner had I said that, he grunted pushing his dick in me as far as he could. He jerked a few more times, getting the last spurts inside me. I hugged him tight as he collapsed on top of me.

I hadn't noticed but Tony was beside us on the bed stroking his hard cock. Jim rolled off of me saying, "That was great, thank you Mrs. Thompson." Jim and Tony both got up acting as if they were getting ready to leave.

"I don't want to hold you guys up if you have somewhere to go, but we don't have to stop now." I said playing with the cum that was oozing out of my pussy.

Jim and Tony looked at each other. They smiled and rushed back to the bed.

"Tony, you want to try it on top of me?"

Tony got between my legs. I had forgotten I full of Jim's cum before Tony shoved is cock into me with a squish. It was a new feeling for me to have Tony's cock squishing around in my pussy full of cum. As he pushed is dick into me, Jim's cum would squirt out the sides of my pussy.

Tony kept pounding my sloppy hole till he came again. Jim quickly moved in to take his place. He fucked me for a few strokes when I asked him if he wanted to fuck me from behind. Jim slid off me to allowing me to get on my knees. I moaned loudly as he shoved his big cock into my soaked pussy. Jim fucked me hard as another orgasm was building inside me. "Oh yes, fuck me harder. I'm cumming again." I groaned grabbing hard on the sheets.

Jim kept rocking his cock in and out of me from behind. I motioned for Tony to stand in front of me. His limp dick hung before my face. I tried sucking his dick, but Jim repeatedly slamming his cock into my pussy made it difficult to keep Tony's dick in my mouth. I think Jim saw my problems and eased up on his thrusts into me. I matched the rhythm of his fucking with my sucking.

Both boys were moaning when Jim suddenly grunted, slamming his hips into my ass. "Oh fuck, that was great." Jim said pulling his dick out my sloppy pussy.

I held Tony's dick in my hand, "This looks ready to go. Tony switch with Jim and get your cock in my pussy." Jim was about to go to the bathroom. "Jim come over here, I'll clean you up."

I scooted on the bed to give Jim room to sit in front of me while Tony inserted his dick into me from behind. Jim's cock was coated with my juice and his cum. I licked the juice off his cock swirling my tongue around his shaft and cock head. "Your cum tastes pretty good mixed with my juice. Oh my, are you getting hard again?"

"Yes ma'am, you seem to have that effect on me. Is that okay?"

"Okay? It's only okay if you fuck me again. I feel obligated to relieve you if I made you hard. Tony, are you doing good back there?"

"Oh God yes Mrs. Thompson, this is great. I can't believe how awesome sex is." Tony grunted as he was pounding away from behind.

Tony shot another few squirts in me then collapsed on the bed next to me. I collapsed on the bed too exhausted. Jim had stood up next to the bed with his cock at attention. He could see I was exhausted and gave me a look like we were done. I spread my legs allowing a glob of cum to ooze out. "Oh no, don't you even think about putting your pants on. You are not leaving with a hard cock, get it inside me."

Jim smiled, "My dad always told me to do as the teacher says." He quickly climbed on top of me shoving his cock in me sloppy pussy. Having cum twice already Jim lasted a long time before me came again. His stamina surprised me, but when he finally came he was exhausted as I was.

The three us of laid in the bed in silence catching our breath. I finally broke the silence, "I guess I adequately congratulated you boys on your big debate win." boys laughed. "Now boys, I can't emphasize enough that we don't talk about us fucking tonight with anyone. Somebody finds out about we had sex I will not only deny it, but I will blame you two for forcing me to have sex with you."

"Don't worry Mrs. Thompson, we won't say a word. We know we would all be in trouble if anyone found out." Jim said.

"Also, I don't want either of you acting weird on Monday. We are all going to act normal or we won't repeat this."

"Wait, repeat this?" Tony asked anxiously.

"If you guys are good students, you might need another reward. I will tell you when that will be you will now ask for it. Right now, I'm tired and need a shower. I will see you guys on Monday acting normal."