 Thwack! The golf ball made a hideous curve to my right. "Shit." 

"Damn it, man, when are you going to take a lesson?" My golf and beer buddy laughed. "Playing with you is like watching my kid play. For Christ sake, keep your head down. Pretend it's a woman's pussy. Keep looking at it. Why look up? Oh. Right. You don't remember what a woman's pussy looks like."

My golf and beer buddy was crude but amazingly accurate. I hadn't had a lot sex in the last two years. Not since my wife had run off with some long haired biker, younger, prettier and endowed with a cock only slightly smaller than his grand dreams of being a rock star. A year later she was back. The big cock and big dreams didn't pay very well and she always did love the easy life my money gave her. 

"Go fuck yourself," I told her and meant it. Instead, she ran to a lawyer. Thank Christ for prenups and college buddies in the legal profession. 

"I'll take our daughter," was her not very convincing threat. 

"No you won't" said the judge. She was left with what she had prior to meeting me, big tits and an empty checking account. Our daughter, ten when her mother ran, was looked after by a live in nanny who actually did a much better job of bringing her up than her mother ever did. As much as I was sex starved, the nanny was off limits. Not only was she far too valuable around the house, she was fifteen years older than me and somewhat overweight and plain. Sandra also had a 'friend'. Her friend was about my age, not bad looking but was as butch as they come. As long as they didn't fuck in front of my daughter Amy, I was okay with their orientation. But my buddy was right. I really had forgotten. No, not forgotten, but the memories were fading. Time to get back in the saddle. Time to find a girlfriend. Time to get laid. 

A week later, having struck out at three clubs, the gym and the office, I picked up the phone. Hidden Delights escort service. I had her come to a hotel room. No way was I going to boink her at my house. She was okay, young, firm and juicy, but the sex was hardly inspirational. She sucked my dick, put a condom on me and assumed the position. "Anal is extra." I passed on the extra and fucked her pussy doggy style. She did give me a few moans and groans, a "fuck me hard, big guy," and a few pelvic humps but when I came, she rather quickly accepted my cash tip, said, "That was great. Ask for me by name next time," and left. What I really needed was a girlfriend. 

The 'professional introduction service' that I paid $750 to find me a girlfriend, arranged for me to meet three divorced women with insufficient alimony, a full time university grad student who was working on her second PhD, this time in Women's Studies and a medical doctor who specialized in gynaecology. I thought she might click, but she thought that sex was overrated and that the real joy in a relationship was in the meeting of the minds. She was into yoga and pilates. I wasn't. And because of that, I didn't get into her. I declined to renew my contract with the service. The internet was fun. I was amazed at how many women were looking to 'Meet Guys to Fuck in Your City Tonight'. I fucked a reasonable number of them and thought that, while the sex was much better than with 'Hidden Delight', it wasn't necessarily going to find me a girlfriend. I poured out my sorrow to my golf and beer buddy. 

"Jesus Christ, you're getting more than I am. What's your problem?" He wasn't much help. 

About a week later I was back on the internet. Having gone so long without much sex, I was making up for lost time. My rule was fuck her at her place or in a hotel. I didn't want Amy or the nanny to see a parade of women going in and out of my bedroom. So, if she had similar concerns, I paid for a room. Tonight, she had similar concerns. I moved around the hotels, hoping I wouldn't stand out. Tonight was a Friday night and I booked a room in a hotel across town. She was about five years younger than me, gorgeous, tall, slim, small breasts and a reasonably tight abdomen. Her long black hair glistened with the look of salon attention. She wore an attractive black party dress and could fuck like there was no tomorrow. She was also articulate, intelligent and had a dry sense of humour. What was she doing trolling for sex on the internet? In the morning, over room service breakfast, I asked her just that. 

"What are you doing trolling for sex on the internet?" was her reply as she finished her fruit salad and helped herself to some of mine. When we had met at the door of the room, she had said her name was Rachael. Her internet name was ' darkanddangerous'. After breakfast and more sex, I asked her what her name really was. "Rachael. I'll never lie to you and if you lie to me, I'll cut off your balls." She said it in a perfectly matter of fact way, with only a slight frown on her face, before finishing off the fruit salad. 

Somehow, I thought it might be a good idea not to lie to her. So far I had not, but so far I hadn't felt the need. She wasn't interested in my personal life. At least not yet. "I can do this again next Friday," she said as if talking about getting together for coffee. "Interested?" I was. "Give me your e-mail and I'll let you know where to meet me." I gave it to her and she was on her way out the door. Then she paused. 

"I never did get your name." I blushed at that one. She was right. I hadn't yet given her my name. "It's Charles. But everyone calls me Smoke." 

She looked a bit puzzled. "Why is that?" 

"I'll pass for now," I said with a wistful smile. 

She just grinned and said, "Okay, I'll find out later," and she was gone. I avoided the net for the week and concentrated on work and my daughter.

Amy, now twelve and going on seventeen , was a going concern. Grade seven was supposed to be safe but she had a 'boyfriend'. The kid was a typical kid as far as I had been concerned but the nanny had her doubts. "That boy has only one thing on his mind."  

"Well, what is that?" 

"For the love of God, open your eyes. He only wants what's under her panties." 

"Sure?" 

"God Damn right, I'm sure."

When I found them in her room, the X Box on and his hand in her jeans, I was only a little bit angry. I was finger diddling at his age. But Amy was my daughter. I dragged him out of her bedroom, then out the door and tossed him out onto the lawn. "Next time you die." 

There wasn't a next time. Amy wasn't all that appreciative of my efforts. "I'm not a kid anymore. And it's not like you've been sleeping in your own bed a whole lot lately." 

I refrained from spanking her and just sent her to her room. Of course, she had her laptop, her cell phone and her now raging hormones. The nanny just smirked and said, "She comes by it honestly. All you can do is keep a lid on it. For now..." 

I made it through the week. On Thursday I got am e-mail from darkanddangerous. 'Still want to fuck me?' I sent back, 'Yes.' Keep it simple. That night I got 'I want your cell number.' I sent it and added, 'I want your ass.' There was no reply. 

On Friday, about four in the afternoon, my cell got the text 'Ritz Carlton 1206 2 nights bring some dress clothes' and I smiled. This girl's got money. But then, so did I. After work, I went home and packed a small suitcase. Amy came into my bedroom and asked, "Another night for sex, daddy? What about my soccer game in the morning?" 

I winced and said, "I'll be there Amy, I promise." I packed a casual outfit for the soccer field, fully intending to keep my promise. Rachael was hot but Amy was my daughter. 

The nanny just said, "She knows you're out on the prowl. Don't make her feel bad just because she is as well." 

I thanked her for unnecessary advice and added, "No boys in this weekend, and keep it discrete yourself." 

"You know I always do." 

"Yes, you do," and I was thankful. I got in my car and headed for the Ritz.

I tossed my keys to the valet attendant and said, "I'll be in room 1206." I went to the elevator and got in. At the twelfth floor I got out and knocked on 1206. Rachael opened the door and I entered, grasped her in my arms, kicked the door shut and carried her to the bed. "God, I've been waiting for this," I murmured. 

"So have I," she replied and locked her lips to mine. We fumbled with her clothes, a lovely skirt and blouse ensemble. I fumbled with her exquisite panties and bra, leaving on her garter and stockings. I fumbled with the condom and we fucked like two rabbits in heat. She ordered me to fuck her brains out, screamed my name again and again and came in a lather that would have made a porn star proud. I felt my very bones dissolving and spurting into her. Only the condom prevented her from feeling my cum drip from her vagina. It was one of the most primal and powerful orgasm I had ever had. If I could have, I would have chained her to the bed and fucked her for two days solid. As it was, it was a close second. The woman was really only interested in my cock, my stamina and my imagination. At least, that is what she led me to believe. It took a while to figure out what she really wanted. 

We ate dinner in the dining room. She was far and away the most attractive woman there. Over dinner and wine she spoke of many things, trying to tease out of me just what kind of a guy I was. Remembering her threat, I either answered honestly or chose to pass for the time being. I did tell her about my ex, my daughter and the nanny. I did tell her I worked as an accountant. Not a thrilling occupation but it paid well. She told me she was running her own art gallery, that she had a Masters in History and had specialized in the history of art at university. She was serious girlfriend material. She had never been married and was single for the past six months after living with her last boyfriend for several years. When I asked why the relationship ended, she smiled and chose to pass. Fair enough. If we got together I would likely learn the reason. For now, it didn't seem to matter.

Back in the room we had sex again, less heated but very sensual and erotic. She was truly gifted at pleasing a guy and I did my best to reciprocate. Her small breasts were so firm and sensitive after years of playing with the large, soft, unresponsive breasts of my ex. She seemed to appreciate the attention I gave to them and I was happy to give it. Gentle nibbling on them and her nipples made her moan with pleasure and she held my head tight to them. Perhaps her ex boyfriend didn't think her breasts were big enough. I thought they were the most precious breasts on the planet. 

After two orgasms for me and I didn't know how many for her, we lay together, me on my back and her beside me, one leg over my hips and her head on my chest. "I really need a boyfriend. Do you want a girlfriend?" She played with my nipple and stroked her fingernail gently across it. 

"Well... I...uh...well...that would work for me." Brilliant pillow talk wasn't among my best assets. 

She smiled and looked into my eyes. "Tell me again." 

I looked her in the eyes and said, "I would love to be your boyfriend." She was watching my eyes very carefully, trying to see any trace of deception. Seeing none, she closed her eyes, settled back on my chest and allowed herself to drift off. I mentally pinched myself. I was still there in the hotel room and Rachael was still lying against me. Where was this woman all my life?

We lay like that for a while and I drifted off. When I woke up, she was sitting in a chair, wearing the plush bathrobe that came with the room. A drink was in her hand. As she lifted it to her lips she licked them like she had licked my penis and sipped, all the while looking at me with bedroom eyes. Thank god I hadn't let myself get out of shape. She came over to the bed, letting her robe fall open. She truly was a visual feast. Even her skin was flawless. 

"Go and pee while you still can. In a minute you'll have an erection and it will be difficult." 

She was right. My penis was already swelling at the sight of her. I went to the bathroom, peed and gave my penis a quick rinse to remove the traces of cum, dried and tacky that lingered from my last orgasm. A drink of water and I went back out into the room. She was lying on the bed, in a very sultry and provocative pose, one arm up behind her head, the other down on her vulva, one knee up and the other leg straight. Her gleaming black hair partially covered her to die for breasts. I started at her toes. 

Fucking this woman was heaven itself. I was sure I could learn to love her. She let me demonstrate my idea of giving her pleasures and with my special finger massage to her G spot, she came and came, until she cried, "Stop. You're going to kill me." I slowed down but didn't stop. When I entered her she pulled me to her hips, rocked with me and she came again. Then one more shuddering climax and she whispered, "I want you in my ass." 

She turned over onto her knees to give it to me. She handed me the tube of lube and I applied some, gently worked in a finger, then two. With some lube on my condom, I put my penis to her asshole and taking my time, I felt her relax and I eased in, sighing in genuine delight. 

I loved anal sex. My ex hated it. To have a girlfriend who asked for it was like icing on the cake. 'No,' I corrected myself. It was the cherry on the icing on the cake. 

Her ass was deliciously tight but not difficult. It was like my penis was perfect for her ass. I slowly and gently stroked in her, then withdrew, to feel myself enter again and then again. In less than a minute, I was gasping. Going in as deep as I could, I moved my pelvis against her ass and felt the climax start. "Rachael, I'm coming in you. I'm coming..." and she squeezed down on my throbbing cock. I came hard, cum shooting out in spurts, having to overcome the tightness around me. I collapsed over her back and she lowered herself to the bed, taking my cock with her. I gave a few more last pushes against her firm, round ass and then lay on top of her, letting most of my weight hold her down. Panting and spent, I slowly relaxed. We lay still for a few minutes. I reluctantly moved off, holding the condom in place, and rolled over. I melted into the bed and murmured, "And you think I'm going to kill you. I'm sure my heart almost stopped." 

She moved over and looked down at me, a smile of pure happiness on her face. "Thank you." I said and meant it. 

"You're welcome," she said with a grin. "You did text me that you wanted my ass." She leaned down and kissed me. Her tongue probed and mine did as well. "Let's go to sleep now. I want you rested for tomorrow." In the bathroom, I took care of the condom, rinsed again, brushed my teeth and then returned to the bed. She got up to do what she needed to do and then crawled in and cuddled up close. 

"You are a dream come true," I said. "And I really mean it." 

"Shush. Go to sleep. We can talk tomorrow." I did.

In the middle of the night I awoke to the sensation of her hand around my fully erect penis. Moving the covers aside, she moved down and took me in her mouth. She gave me slow and luscious oral sex, massaging my shaft and worked her mouth and tongue on me until I started to tense and jerk. She kept her mouth over me, knowing I was about to climax and I let it happen. She let me come in her mouth. My ex never did. She swallowed a few times and waited for the spasms to end. She sucked me up and down, cleaning off all the cum and saliva. Moving back up and giving me a quick kiss, she said, "Go back to sleep. I just wanted to do that for you." 

"Thank you." 

"You're welcome. Go to sleep." Again, I did. As I was drifting off, I said a silent thank you to whichever God had sent this woman my way.

I woke up, feeling very, very good about life. Rachael was still asleep. She was facing away. I got out of bed as quietly as I could, and walked around the bed, heading for the bathroom. She looked so beautiful. Her hair was splayed over her shoulders, one breast was partly visible and she was breathing slow and steady. I had never seen a more beautiful woman. Knowing her wish to sexually fulfill me, her intelligence and her sinful personality, just added to the image of the best girlfriend on the planet. In the bathroom, I picked up the phone, and called room service for a pot of coffee. In the shower, I thought of how the day with her was going to go. Amy. Soccer game. I remembered my promise to my daughter. Her game was at noon, so I had plenty of time. 

I heard Rachael's voice. "Water is a scarce commodity. Shouldn't we be showering together?" and she got in with me. 

"I ordered coffee," I said and proceeded to soap her up. 

"I called room service as well. When I ordered coffee they asked if we really wanted two pots of the stuff. So I ordered breakfast for three. I figured you might be hungry. Hope you like scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, hash browns and fruit salad. No wait, I already know you like fruit salad." She smiled and let me wash her breasts. 

"My daughter has a soccer game at noon. I promised her I would be there. The nanny will get her there and back, but I really should go and watch her play." 

"Can I be there as well? I might as well meet her, and your nanny. You do want to be my boyfriend, don't you?" She looked in my eyes again. 

"Yes, Rachael, I do. Do you want to be my girlfriend?" 

She hugged me, kissed me and said, "God, yes. Now, can I watch the game with you?" 

I hugged and kissed her. "God, yes." 

The extra food was a good idea. We were both famished. When breakfast was done, we looked at each other, paused for only a few seconds and we both raced to the bed. Robes went flying as we tumbled onto the bed, Rachael giggling like a schoolgirl. She pushed me down and then got on top, backwards, for some sixty-nine. We fit perfectly this way. She was just the right height to make oral love to my penis as I made oral love to her, no craning my neck to reach. Her ass, right above me was like two perfect orbs, her skin flawless, her scent like distilled lust. Her wetness, oozing out of her vagina was nectar. She was seriously turned on. So was I. After several minutes we were both moaning and moving with each other. She was tilting her pelvis back and forth, rubbing herself against my face. She was fucking my face. Her hand was at my base, squeezing while her mouth and tongue serviced the rest of my cock. I felt her start to grind and knew she was close. The thought of her coming in my face made me start to throb and in a few moments we were both coming together. Again she kept her mouth over me and swallowed as she writhed in orgasmic pleasure. I tasted her orgasmic fluids as they squirted from her. I was the happiest guy in the world. There was a knock at the door. 

"It must be housekeeping," I said. "I'll tell her to come back later." 

"No, let her in." 

"Serious?" 

"Yes, serious." I got up, pulled on my robe and opened the door. The middle aged woman said, "I can come back."

"No," I said, "come in." Why Rachael wanted housekeeping in the room was beyond me. The housekeeper entered and seeing Rachael in bed, said, "Good morning." 

"Good morning to you too," was Rachael's reply. Rachael sat up naked and her breasts were on full display. The housekeeper stared for a second and then said, "I'll start in the bathroom," and turned away into the safety of the unoccupied part of the suite. I looked at Rachael and my face said, 'What?' 

"It's not like she hasn't seen tits before," she said and giggled again. "Come here, into bed with me. Let's give her a show." 

"Serious?" 

"Very serious," and she moved the covers aside for me. I tossed my robe and got in beside her. She reached for a condom.

"No," was all I said.

"Yes," was all she said and I went with it. She sucked me to erection again and put the condom on me. Straddling me, she held my penis to her vagina and settled down over me. "Now, don't come too quickly or she'll miss it." 'Oh my God' I thought, 'what am I getting into?' 
