 Owen Smith woke up with a raging hangover and foggy memories of last night's company Christmas party. He remembered he and his wife Tess going, he remembered drinking, he had a few other flashes, but overall, he wasn't sure what had happened. Luckily, Owen had the benefit of living in the age of social media. Or maybe that wasn't so lucky. 

He pulled up his Facebook account on his phone and noticed he had over 50 notifications. Through his bleary eyes he clicked on his profile and apprehensively looked at the photos that were getting all the attention. Someone had posted about 50 pictures from the party, and he was in a lot of them, looking wild eyed drunk. But he didn't really figure out what was going on until he saw a picture of him between two women - to his left was Heidi, one of his co-workers, and to his left was his wife Tess. It wasn't because of a drunken moment, like falling down. They weren't exposed in any way, though the girls were dressed quite sexy. It was just...the overall pose.

Owen was standing in between Heidi and Tess, with an arm around each girl. Both girls had a hand on his chest, they each had one leg bent at the knee, and they were both leaning in and kissing him on either cheek. It was a fairly innocent moment, but the overall effect was that it was a strikingly sexy picture. A picture that Owen didn't even remember, but a picture that made even him take a double take, and wish he DID remember.

It had only been posted a few hours, but most of their friends and co-workers on Facebook had noticed and weighed in with a ton of comments. His head pounded as he read through them.

"Hey Owen, get a room...with a king size bed!"

"Owen wins the 50-50 raffle at the company party"

"Best looking threesome award goes to..."

"Heidi - Owen - Tess = the HOT acronym picture of the night!"

Owen skipped through a few more of the comments and then went back to the picture. One thing he did have to admit, it was a hot picture. Both his wife and Heidi were dressed in sexy holiday party attire that showed off their great legs. They both had one leg at the perfect 90 degree angle in the classic kissing pose, and they both had on sexy high heels. Heidi had a hand on his chest, and Tess had a hand just below hers, they almost looked like they were touching. Best of all, they were both kissing him on the cheek just inches away from his lips, so it almost looked like they were kissing each other in front of him. 

Heidi was a good friend at the office, she had recently broken up with a long time boyfriend who nobody liked. She had been down for a long time, but after she got rid of him she really improved, both in personality and looks. She had lost a lot of weight, started dressing sexier and became way happier. As Owen looked at the picture, he did remember that when he saw first saw her at the Christmas party he was a little stunned at how good she looked. 

His wife Tess also knew Heidi pretty well and they had always gotten along. Tess was in the mortgage business, and Heidi and Owen were Realtors, so Tess was frequently in the office. But Owen had some real concerns about how Tess was going to react to this picture. She tended to be jealous, and he knew through past experience that the joking about the threesome was not going to go over well. She had made it clear in the past that she was not into a threesome.

He staggered down to the kitchen where he saw Tess hunkered down over a cup of coffee. She smiled weakly when she saw him. "You as hungover as I am?" she asked.

"At least," he answered. "I can't even remember everything that happened last night." Owen figured that maybe his best ploy was to plead innocence by ignorance. 

"I can't remember either," she replied. "I remember getting into the tequila shots and then it was a blur."

Ah, Tequila. He did remember taking the first three shots. "Well I hope we didn't do anything too crazy," he said. He immediately decided it sounded guilty. He wondered if she had looked at her Facebook page yet today. He didn't have to wait long.

"Something crazy like this?" she said, waving her phone at him. She was showing him the picture of them with Heidi. "So I guess the office is calling us the HOT threesome now."

Owen immediately began staking out his defense. "Hey, we took the picture together, its not my fault," he said. "If it had just been me and Heidi you'd have a reason to be mad at me."

She glared at him, but she had to admit he was hardly at fault. She looked a the picture and took a long drink of coffee. "Well I guess they do have a point, it is a pretty hot picture," she added.

Owen was a little surprised at her statement, he was expecting her to tell him to make someone take the picture down. He made the decision that the best thing to do was lay low. He got a cup of coffee and staggered back towards the bedroom. He settled back into the bed and pulled up the picture on his laptop so he could see a bigger picture.

He zoomed in and out on the picture, admiring the beauty and sexiness of it. Damn Heidi looked stunning. Her fit form was showcased in a black silk blouse that buttoned up the front that opened up to show just enough cleavage, and her skirt was cut above the knee showing off her fabulous legs. He scrolled over to look at Tess. Her red dress did a great job of showing off her body as well. As he looked back and forth he couldn't help but note that Heidi and Tess looked really similar, in their hair color, body shape and size. He was lost in a fantasy looking at the two women kissing him when his phone buzzed on the bed. It was Heidi. At first he thought she was sending a text just to him, but then he saw that she had included Tess in the text.

Heidi: Can you believe that picture? I don't even remember posing for that!?!

Owen thought of a half dozen clever things to say but with every one of them he imagined his wife getting steamed at him. Then his wife responded to the text.

Tess: LOL. They're right about one thing, we look pretty hot right?

Owen was so stunned his wife had replied that way that he wasn't sure what to say. Was she setting him up?

Finally he gathered the gumption to send his own text.

Owen: You ladies looked smoking HOT! Not many guys get to get kissed by two beauties at one party. 

He watched the phone, waiting for the next response. Tess finally weighed in from the kitchen.

Tess: Yeah right! Only in your wildest dreams, husband!

Owen grinned.

Owen: Well I guess a man can dream, right?

Heidi responded quickly: LOL. True that. ; )

Tess: ; )

Owen wasn't sure it was the hangover, but he had a cold sweat that was simultaneously giving him a warm, aroused feeling. Maybe he was reading into it, but the smile emoticons said volumes. It suggested to him it felt like they were bantering about having a threesome. On the one hand he wanted to come right out and say "hey, let's go for it and have a wild threeway," but he knew it was going to require more tact.

Owen: Well, I for one will be dreaming about it all week

Tess: You're a nut. I suppose dreams are ok. ; )

Heidi: Sweet dreams then!

Owen spent the next several days analyzing the texts, trying to convince himself that both his wife and Heidi might actually be at least toying with the idea of talking about a threesome. He knew his wife had rejected the idea outright in the past, and Heidi had always seemed pretty reserved, almost mousy, though she had been coming out of her shell recently. Meanwhile, the comments and likes for the picture kept piling up, and he couldn't help but notice that suddenly his wife was liking a lot of Heidi's other Facebook pictures. One day he opened up her laptop and she not only had that picture pulled up and enlarged, she had zoomed into the part of the picture where the girls were kissing his cheek.

There had also been some additional group texting. A few days before Christmas, Tess initiated a group discussion over a recent comment on the photo.

Tess: Hey Heidi, did you see that comment by Arthur in accounting, he said he'd pay $50,000 to be in Owen's shoes.

Heidi: OMG, for real? $50,000?

Tess: Yeah, I'm thinking we trade Owen for Arthur and make $50k.

Heidi: Hmmm.

Owen: Wait just a second here, I'll pay 51k to be in my shoes! As long as I get to be the O between the H and the T.

Heidi: Yeah, if we traded for Arthur we'd be the HAT group, that wouldn't work

Tess: What about Irwin, that weird kid who works in the IT department? Then we'd be the HIT group.

The weird thing was, when Owen and Tess were participating in the group texts, they would sometimes be in the house at the same time. One time they were even at the table together. They would snicker or give each other knowing looks passing in the hall, but they never actually talked about it in person. It was the same at the office. Owen would pass Heidi in the hall way and they would share a grin, but no conversation. It felt a lot like the group texts was fantasy life, but reality was still reality.

But a few days after Christmas, Owen's fantasy life hit high gear. He and Tess were chatting about new year's plans in the kitchen, and Tess suggested maybe they have some people over. They talked out a list of five or six couples, and then Tess suggested they also invite Heidi.

Owen grinned and his eyes got big. While he really didn't think that his wife would ever consider it, he still really enjoyed the sexy innuendo. "Maybe we can do another photo," he laughed.

"Yeah, yeah, got to keep all the Facebook fans happy," she replied. "I'll invite the others, I'll let you invite her."

Owen boldly decided to include Tess on the text invite to Heidi. 

Owen: Hey Heidi, we're having a few people over for a New Year's Eve party. Tess wanted me to invite you, but you have to agree to wear the same outfit from the Christmas party and pose for another photo.

Tess: HE'S LYING! I never said you had to wear the same outfit. ; ) Though the outfit was pretty smoking.

Heidi: LOL. I'd love to come!

Owen briefly got chills thinking about typing some lewd comment about how he'd love her to come too, but he thought better of that.

Owen: Great, I'll get some batteries for the camera!

Tess: SMH. Down boy!

Owen had about three days to think about, and fantasize about, the idea of Heidi coming for the New Year's party. In his fantasies, they would get together for another photo, just like before, but this time, he would end up kissing both of them, one at a time, and then together, and then they would start kissing their way down his body until they reached his pants, which they would slowly remove and ... then he would shake his head and remember that his wife was never going to go for that, so he'd better just get it out of his head. Though getting it out of his head was hardly possible.

He also had to remember there would be other people there at the party, so that would pretty much kill the potential. He was almost kinda glad that half of the couples had other plans, so it ended up being two other couples and Heidi.

New Year's eve rolled around, and Heidi was the first to arrive around 9 pm. They greeted her at the door and shared a laughing threeway hug, prompting Owen to yell out "where's a camera when you need one!"

"You wore your party outfit!" said Tess with a grin.

"I had to as I understand it," she laughed back. "I hope you don't mind seeing it again so soon."

"I love it, but I think Tess likes it even more than I do, I think she has a girl-crush" said Owen, earning him a soft slap from both women. 

The other guests arrived shortly after and the party followed the usual New Year's Eve pattern, too much drinking and lots of laughter. They had the TV on watching the countdown as they watched the year evaporate.

As fate would have it, the other two couples had something come up and had to leave around 11. One had a babysitter they had to relieve, and the one of the others had too much to drink. Suddenly things were falling into place for Owen's fantasy to have a real chance, at last in terms of setting. The reality of them being alone together began to make all three nervous.

"Hey I kinda feel like a third wheel, so I'm going to head out," said Heidi.

Both Owen and Tess were quick to stop her. "No way, you're staying with us," Tess said.

"We've still got to take another picture!" said Owen, which lead to laughs and some finger shaking.

They relaxed a bit and had some more drinks as they watched the clock ticking down towards the end of the year. At around 11:30, Tess slipped out and went to their bedroom, Owen assumed she was going to the bathroom. Owen was nervous being alone with Heidi. It was odd in a way, he felt like he could be flirty with Heidi when Tess was around, but not when she wasn't.

He was talking to Heidi as he heard Tess coming back in the room, but he didn't look at her right away. He saw Heidi's eyes get big and her mouth had come slightly open in shock. When he turned his mouth fell open too.

Tess had changed clothes, and the outfit she had put on was the exact same outfit that Heidi had on, from the black silk blouse to the black high heels. She looked stunning, and if you put the two of them in a lineup you would hardly be able to tell them apart. It was amazing.

Both Owen and Heidi let out an impressive "wow" and Tess couldn't help but blush.

"I saw how much you liked the outfit on Heidi, I thought it might look good if we were wearing the same thing for our new picture," she grinned.

"I don't know, I don't think that would look good on me," said Owen, which made them all laugh and relax just a bit. 

"It looks incredible," said Heidi, coming over to run her hand down the sleeve. "I think it looks a lot better on you than me."

Just about then, they realized that the countdown towards midnight had begun. They moved over quickly in front of the television and Owen put one arm around Tess and the other around Heidi. 

"You guys are the best for letting me celebrate new year with you," Heidi said.

"We are loving that you are here," Tess answered.

"Ten seconds to midnight," Owen said. "Get ready for the New Year's picture!"

He pulled his phone out and held it out in front of them as they counted down from ten. At the stroke of midnight, the two girls leaned in and gave him a kiss on either cheek, and he snapped the picture as they all burst out laughing and cheering.

With Owen's arms still wrapped around them, they watched the confetti and cheering on the television as the sound of Auld Lang Syne was being sung, and they swayed from side to side. Eventually the song came to an end and they stood there in the living room arm in arm. Still keeping his arms around the girls, Owen turned the tv off with the remote and looked over at Tess, who was smiling at him. Slowly, he leaned over and kissed her softly on the lips, the traditional New Year's kiss. As he pulled back their eyes met, and he saw her glance over at Heidi and nod just slightly. Nod, as in, you can't kiss me and leave her unkissed for New Year's Eve.

Owen held his breath as he turned his head over to meet Heidi, who was blushing nervously and looking down. He wasn't going to let the moment pass. He leaned towards her and she moved her head up just slightly, enough to show that it was ok. Ever so slowly, giving her a chance to turn him down, he leaned towards her and moved his lips ever so softly onto hers. It was a soft, arguably friendly kiss, shorter than the one he had just given Tess. But it was definitely a kiss, and Owen felt it shaking his knees.

Owen slowly turned the other way, not sure if Tess would be smiling or grimacing. To his relief, she was smiling. He leaned over and kissed her again, this time longer and deeper. Then he turned again to Heidi, and realizing that he was definitely crossing a line this time, he moved even slower, but Heidi didn't pull back, and in fact, this time she leaned in, and they kissed longer. More importantly, Tess did not pull away or protest.

Owen leaned back and let out the air that he had been holding in for the past several minutes. During the course of the kissing, the three of them had moved even closer together. Almost without thinking, he used his arms to push the girls together, and the girls did not hesitate, leaning together, locking eyes and then moving slowly forward until they were kissing. They kissed softly and then leaned back, and then they leaned forward together and kissed again, longer and deeper, longer in fact than Owen had kissed either girl. With a shudder, Owen suddenly realized that this was really happening.

For the next five minutes, they stood there arm in arm in a group hug, Owen in the middle. The silence in the room was almost deafening, and the ever building passion was incredibly intense. Owen would kiss Tess, then kiss Heidi, then Tess would kiss Heidi, then they would start all over again. Each kiss was wetter and more passionate. Owen's hands were wrapped around their shoulders, so he didn't have much freedom of movement, but the girls had started rubbing Owen's chest and abdomen as they kissed him, sending his heart racing. At some point Tess was kissing him and dragging her hand down Owen's chest and his top button popped loose. 

"Oops," she said, sliding her fingers underneath the shirt to his bare chest. 

Owen sighed and moved over to kiss Heidi, and as he was easing his tongue around hers he noticed that Tess had reached over and unbuttoned Heidi's top button on her blouse, exposing more of her cleavage and the black bra she had on underneath. 

Heidi got the hint, and when she kissed Tess she slipped the top button off of her blouse. Everybody smiled, and the game was on. Each time they kissed, somebody lost a button, until soon they were all standing there with their shirts hanging open. The girls were a vision with the silk blouses hanging open showing off their beautiful curves under black lacy bras.

The slow and erotic undressing game continued, with shirts and bras sliding away next. Owen had taken to kissing the necks and shoulders of the girls as they were kissing each other, and his mouth was watering at the idea of kissing their beautiful breasts. As it turned out, the girls beat him to it.

The next time it was Heidi's turn to kiss Tess, she continued the kiss from the lips to the neck, and then down the chest, taking first one breast and then the other into her mouth as she leaned down to push her skirt off. Tess returned the favor, kissing her way down Heidi's chest as she pushed her skirt off, leaving them both in just panties and Owen in just his boxers.

"Maybe we should move this to the bedroom," Owen said, and the girls readily agreed.

They walked, still arm and arm, into the bedroom, stopping beside the bed for one more round of kisses. Then they eased into the bed, and Owen and Tess eagerly set in to making their guest feel welcome. They both showered her nearly naked body with kisses and caressed her all over with their hands. Eventually they nestled into a position where Tess was kissing and caressing her neck and breasts and Owen was further down, kissing and licking her panties for a while and then working them off. Then his tongue worked around her thighs and abdomen and finally found its way to her clit. She moaned in appreciation as they both continued to pleasure her. After a while Tess worked her way down and Owen moved aside. For the first time, he watched his beautiful wife go down on another woman, and it was beyond his wildest fantasies. As she licked and kissed Heidi, Owen moved between the two women, kissing and caressing both of them.

Then it was Tess' turn to be the center of attention, and Owen and Heidi turned the focus of the bed onto her. Owen had never seen his wife so aroused, especially when Heidi slipped her tongue inside her as Owen was kissing her neck. He didn't know if Heidi had ever been with a woman, but she seemed to know how to push the right buttons. Tess had her hands in Heidi's hair and was wriggling and sighing with pleasure.
