 We met as Ali requested, in the secluded and quiet restaurant close to her apartment. She looked stunning and I knew as soon as I saw her that my decision to agree to her rules for the night was a good one. I shivered, the anticipation building and making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end already. In our planning we had agreed the boundaries, the rules if you like. I was dressed as I was asked, Ali had made a few requests that in reality were not choices for me, but expectations. Not too difficult -- the silk boxers already teasing my hardening flesh, the dark blue chinos brushing softly against my legs and the sleeves of my white shirt just rolled back behind my wrists. Casual shoes, completed the outfit, nothing to what Ali was wearing and I wondered what was underneath her fantastic outfit. I knew I would find out in due course, but for now I feasted on her shimmering black low cut top showing off her full firm breasts, and her clinging, silky red skirt, ending well above her knees. The fine black nylon covering her legs would surely be stockings, and her slim legs were set off by the steepling heels, peep toe and patent black leather ....

We ordered, I recall her saying that the food she most liked to get her in the mood was strawberries and chocolate. I could see this was on the menu but the light salad gave us time to start our flirting seriously. We sat opposite each other, and I felt Ali's foot slowly stroke my leg, feeling it work under the hem to briefly rub the flesh of my ankle before working up until her toes rested on my crotch. All the time we locked eyes and spoke of other things, but her foot was working my thigh tops and starting to press against my balls and hardening cock.

"Mmm, someone likes this treatment, how long before I can get you to cum.... take a bet?"

Ali's voice was low, seductive and she licked her lips after she spoke. Her deep red lips were shiny with lip gloss, drawing my attention to them immediately as she spoke again.

"I bet you will cum before we leave here.... what's your gamble? Shall we say.... winner gets to choose a toy for use on the other one???"

I reached down and lightly stroked the nylon covered foot still working on my crotch, fondling Ali's foot, her toes, stroking her ankles and heel, around and starting to work up her calf before the waiter returned. All the time Ali tried to keep rubbing away, pressing onto my ever growing bulge. I could lose this if I was not careful!

"Mm, OK, but I am at a disadvantage aren't I? This is your night remember, your choice of where and when I cum anyway, surely that's unfair!" 

Even as I said it Ali was rubbing her stocking covered foot in circles now around my cock and balls, but through the fabric of my chinos the pressure was just about bearable. She leaned forward, giving me a fantastic view down the front of her silk black top, her full, firm tits a little more visible as she smiled.

"Yep, that's such a shame... still, if you can resist until after our strawberries, then you win. But its going to get harder, literally.... I want you to visit the rest rooms and remove those silky boxers, we will have a use for them later... but now I want access."

I raised my eyebrow, but the opportunity to get away from her insistent foot was a relief, so I sped off to the wash rooms, very aware of the obvious bulge in the front of my trousers. No-one seemed to notice, and I was quickly back in my seat, silk boxers in my pocket and facing the gorgeous Ali again. Ali made no reference to the gamble as we ate the salads, and the wine flowed a little as we sparked off each other. I love our conversation, it roams everywhere and Ali has a sexy smile and a knowing look in her eye, especially when the chat turns horny as it did now. We got back to the subject of our game, the results of which was our night where I had agreed to turn over all responsibility for leading the sex to her. She teased me about how often she would use my body for her own pleasures, and her body was a lovely one to please. We touched hands, caressed arms, and I felt her foot slide around my leg, the nylon sending shivers through me again. After a brief kiss across the table, and whilst we waited for the strawberries in chocolate, Ali asked me to sit back and quietly, discreetly undo my trousers and slip the zip down!

I raised my eyebrow, and asked what the consequences would be if I refused. Ali looked at me and said, smiling sweetly all the time, "You don't do this now, you lose the bet, you buy a strap-on for me and I fuck your ass off next week!", and all the while her foot stroked my leg and she looked the picture of innocence. I had never heard Ali talk like that, and I was aroused already. I toyed briefly with the idea of deliberately refusing to see if she would do it, but I am not sure as I am quite ready for such an act... so I reluctantly carried on. Discreetly I exposed my hard cock to the cool air of the restaurant underneath the table and hopefully out of sight.

Swiftly I felt Ali's foot leave my leg and saw her shuffle a little before nylon covered feet were placed either side of my stiff member, and they slowly got to work. I watched Ali all the time, her feet were easing up and down my cock, then one at the front whilst the toes of one felt like they wrapped around the back and gripped the flesh hard. The sensation was amazing, so unusual and heightened by the time and place it was happening. I stroked Ali's calves under the table, loving the feeling of her slim, toned muscles moving lightly under my touch. However I could not deny what was happening, my cock was sensitive to everything she did and she was deliberately working me, bringing me to a state of arousal so quickly I wasn't sure I would hold on.

"You sure??? This could be messy.... you are working me sooo close, can I stop you?"

"No... you are losing the bet, and if you recall, when, where and how many times you cum tonight was in my control... this is the first.... and as you suspected, now I win the choice of toys too...!

Ali's feet were working the tip of my cock gently, massaging it, then stroking its full length and I knew it was close. The she slicked a finger between her lips, smiled and held my gaze as she dipped her hand out of sight. Her movement left me in no doubt where that finger had now found itself and its a good job she had chosen this restaurant and table... God, I was going to cum...

"God, Ali... cumming... oh, ner, aargh. Oh fuck... ", I whispered trying to keep my exclamations quiet as my orgasm took hold. Her feet worked my cock as she felt it tense even harder and the first pulse of hot, white cum spurted upwards and out of my raging hard member. I watched her face, not caring where my cum landed, trying hard not to jerk as spurt after spurt shot out of the now sensitive end of my cock. I was trying to act normally as my cock erupted and I made as little sound as I could. Ali seemed mesmerised and was playing hard with her pussy as I came, her eyes a little glazed as she felt my orgasm through the contact with her feet. Finally, I was spent, and I rested back in my chair and looked down. Ali's gloriously sexy, nylon covered feet, and my slightly softening cock, were now coated in creamy white cum...

"Feed me some...", Ali whispered, as she shuddered, her fingers bringing her to a small orgasm in front of me. I raised my eyebrow, but Ali just nodded, and I could see small movements of her hand were still keeping her busy.

I looked down and saw the warm, white cum seeping into her stockings, and gently sliding down my cock towards her feet still holding my flesh. I scooped up as much as I could onto a couple of fingers, and leaning forward to meet her hungry mouth I slipped my fingers between her red lips. She sighed as she sucked and licked my fingers clean, wrapping her tongue around each digit, arousing me again with the sensuality of the act. She leaned back briefly then brought hr own hand up to meet my mouth, saying, "Fair's fair..."

Her aroma was delightful, the slick coat of pussy juice on her fingers tasted delicious, and I was surprised to find that I was beginning to get hard again. I sucked hungrily and quickly cleaned Ali's fingers of her juices before the returning waiter took away our salad plates, and delivered our strawberries. I was careful to be leaning forward to make sure my state of undress was not discovered, and Ali's feet were still resting in my groin as the waiter left. She was stifling a giggle, and the tension of the moment now passed we both burst into laughter, before Ali spoke again.

"Rub the rest of your cum into my stockings, and into your cock, we can deal with it later.... and use your boxers to cover your cock before you zip up, we will be off soon and I need you to be ready to serve me properly now."

I did as she asked, working the slippery white fluid into her nylon covered foot, her stockings going slightly transparent where the fluid was absorbed. Her feet were so sexy, the nylon covered painted toes really turned me on, more than I could recall before. She slipped her feet back as she started her strawberries. Each bright red fruit she dipped into the melted chocolate mousse and took great delight in slowly easing them between her painted lips and sucking them in. She had clearly put her feet back into her heels, and her skirt was back in place. I worked the rest of my cum into my own flesh, covered my cock and zipped up. Even as I finished my own fruit and chocolate treat we asked for the bill, eager to go elsewhere and get to know each other a little better! Almost in tacit agreement we knew it was time to move on, to head off for more of Ali's night of control, and I couldn't be more ready.

The walk to her apartment was short, but I held her tight, the feeling of her firm body in my arms was fantastic. Ali's heels clicked away as we approached her block and I lightly stroked her skirt to find the signs of a suspender belt underneath. Ali grinned as I teased, my hand roaming her fantastic ass cheeks through the silk of her skirt, the sensation erotic under my fingers her flesh moved inside the silky confines. Ali's hand rested on my own ass, and she rubbed me through the chino fabric, leaning in to whisper, "When we get in I want you to take off your shoes and chinos at the door.... and follow me."

We walked up the stairs to her first floor apartment and as the door closed behind me, we embraced properly for the first time. Ali is slim and toned through her exercises and dance routines, and her body moulded into mine as our tongues fought. Her kiss was electric, her hands busy as she pulled and tugged at my ass, sliding one hand between us to reach for my hardening cock inside my chinos. My hands were all over her, her back, her ass and around her hips. Ali's firm body felt fantastic under my pressure, and the silk fabric of her top and skirt slid easily over her flesh. I could trace the straps of a suspender belt stretched taut across her full ass cheeks and followed one down a little to find the tops of her stockings through the fabric. All the time we kissed, lips meeting perfectly, tongues entwined, playing, teeth nipping and pulling as we devoured each other. Finally Ali placed her hands on my chest and eased us apart, her eyes shining with excitement, and I guess mine would seem that way too. I was already beginning to show signs of arousal, my cock twitching and filling even as we kissed.

"Now, remember what I said.... so maybe I will help a little..", and with that Ali knelt and undid my shoes, taking them off quickly and discarding them. Kneeling up she worked the belt open, undid the zip and eased down my chinos, taking away the silk boxers that had prevented the signs of my earlier explosion from being too obvious as we left the restaurant. My cock sprang a little, half erect as the cool air hit it, still damp with fresh cum from my orgasm only minutes before. Slipping my trousers off Ali left me with only my white shirt on, but before moving me any further she surprised me by opening her deep red lips and easing my growing member in between them and into her warm, wet mouth. A few movements of her tongue, bathing my cock with her warm saliva, grazing her teeth lightly along the now hard length of my cock she gave one final suck and let my engorged flesh escape her lips. She stood up, licked her lips and smiled again before heading off into the apartment and beckoning me to follow as she had asked earlier.

Her bedroom was lit seductively, low lights at the side of her queen size bed, mirrors reflecting the light and our bodies as we approached her bed. Ali turned to me and embraced me again, firmly kissed me on the mouth and undid my shirt buttons This was a new Ali, one which I said I wanted to see, to find out if she could play the role and she was going for it, and seemingly enjoying it. Her pussy juices tasted fantastic earlier, her small orgasm at just her own touch indicative of her arousal, and as we broke she pushed me back down onto the bed.

"Mine, all mine... You agreed to pleasure me in any way I wanted, I am in control I believe you said... well believe me, you won't get your second orgasm until I am ready to let you have it... and before then, I am going to enjoy myself on your body...", and with that she moved me so I was laid out on her bed, spread-eagled for her pleasure, my now raging cock standing proud already. But it was not my cock that was Ali's goal. Ali knelt over my prone body, hitching her skirt up to reveal to me for the first time her stocking tops and the glimpse of creamy thigh above. As she worked her way up my torso, her skirt shifted higher, bunching around her hips and revealing the tiny pink thong covering her mound and the six straps of her black and red lace suspender belt. She moved her barely covered pussy in closer, and settle the thin piece of lace covering her smoothly shaven mound over my mouth.

I dove in hungrily, her thong was already soaked from her earlier playing and her juices were running again. I lapped them up as she ground her pussy forward onto my eager tongue I looked up even as my mouth worked the fabric in between her dripping pussy lips, and saw her eyes close in pleasure, and her hands start to play with her breasts through the fabric of her silk top. Her nipples became bullet points, showing clearly through the fabric as she teased and tortured them and I continued to work my tongue and her thong into her cunt. Finally I sucked it out and tried to move it away from my mouth, I wanted full access to this gorgeous woman's cunt, her pouting pussy lips were spreading wide for me as I worked my lips around. Ali stopped briefly to reach down to her hips on both sides, and she tugged briefly before pulling the thong away from my searching and hungry mouth -- the ties at the side now clearly visible as she flung the flimsy fabric aside and resumed her teasing of her own breasts. 

I assaulted her now naked pussy with renewed vigour, my tongue dipping in between her full, puffy lips, her juices filling my mouth, her scent the only thing I could smell as she ground her hips back and forward, her pussy sliding over the lower half of my face as she rode me. Her lips parted easily, they spread across my face, covering my cheeks and mouth with creamy fluids, the taste overpowering, gloriously sexy and making my cock hard without it ever being touched. All the time I watched Ali's eyes, her face as she worked herself into a sexual frenzy using my body and face to do it. She was frantically tugging at her own breasts, thrashing and moaning and rubbing her cunt across me for all she was worth. I was gripping her nylon covered thighs to help her ride me better, and trying hard to feast as much as I could on her body. Finally she seemed to tense and her thighs gripped me harder as she yelled and orgasmed loudly on me, releasing more or her cum juice as she tensed time and again. I sucked, licked and drank in the extra juices, my face slick with her fluids as she worked it into my flesh, rubbing her wide open pussy lips across more and more of my face before finally slowing down and opening her eyes to grin at me.

Ali moved back slightly, and reached down to stroke my wet face. "That was fantastic," she purred, "but I am just getting started so don't you go thinking you've finished yet, eh?" She used her fingers to tease her juices into my mouth, and I licked them off her slim fingers, sucking each one in turn. Finally Ali leaned back and found my raging hard cock, lightly touching its tip making me jerk as the sensations shot down my super-sensitive flesh. I twitched as she stroked her nails gently up the length of my cock, reaching the top oh so slowly, all the while watching me. I grinned, and reached for her breasts, still hidden from full view inside her silk blouse. Ali was still almost fully clothed, I had barely my white shirt left on, and yet she was the one who had that glow of satisfaction.

Ali's nipples hardened quickly under my touch, the bra or corset underneath the blouse was clearly not holding all of her firm flesh inside. I enjoyed the feel of her tits, they were firm, proud, the nipples getting harder again as I stroked the full flesh of her breasts, lightly working them between my thumb and finger. All the time I was trying hard to ignore the insistent teasing of my cock, Ali's nails scratching gently away at the hard, tight flesh, tip to base and back, never hard enough to hurt, never soft enough to ignore...

I started to undo the buttons on Ali's silk blouse, but her hand stilled me. "My time right? So wait, wait until I am ready to let you.. or I may just do it myself... or maybe..."

I sank back and let her play. She knelt up and turned around, shuffled back slightly and bent forward. I felt her breath on the end of my cock even as her glorious ass was edged towards my still wet face. Her red, wide open cunt lips were very visible as her legs still straddled my chest. I felt her blow lightly on the tip of my cock, the precum was starting to ooze out of its large purple head as she continued to tease me. I felt her fingers spread the silky liquid around the bulbous flesh before she leaned forward a little further and touched the tip of my cock with her tongue, Lightly slipping it around just the head, almost poking the hole from which the precum was still seeping, she tasted me. I could not believe the sensations, and despite my earlier orgasm I was extremely aroused yet again.

Ali's cunt was now inches from my face and I raised my head to lick at the juices almost dripping from the wide open gash it had become. Her lips were spread wide, the paler pink of the inside of her pussy contrasting with the darker, blood-filled outer lips. I drank again, and roamed my tongue up and down her soaking cunt, dipping it in and out between the pink flesh, probing her cunt as far as I could. I eased back and slid my tongue towards her ass, letting the tip reach her tight anus and very lightly licking around her rear hole. I felt Ali stop her own gentle playing with the tip of my cock as she assimilated this new sensation, but she started again and sank immediately onto my flesh, opening her mouth and engulfing as much of my length as she could in one go.

I gasped as her mouth took my flesh inside, her lips feasting around its girth and her tongue roaming around the length of hard, solid cock flesh inside her. Ali let my cock ease out a little, then took yet more in, the tip reaching the back of her mouth as she strove to bury as much as she could inside her. She began to suck and bobbed up and down on the head of my increasingly sensitive flesh as she licked the tip, the precum, into her mouth and used her tongue to seek out the head of my cock, teasing the sensitive bit where the dome of the cock joins the solid length. All pretence of me keeping her going was gone, I could only focus on the sensations Ali was giving me... until she slowly let my flesh slide out from her lips and she sat up, back to me, hand wrapped around the slick length of cock in front of her whilst my mouth went back to work on her ass cheeks.
