 A TRUE TALE –EPISODE 1

For those of you who are swingers, bi-women, or simply curious and looking to experiment with an alternative lifestyle, you'd like the true story I am about to relate. My wife and I are swingers, and we love meeting couples or single ladies who travel on vacation to our part of the world in south East Asia.

My wife Jasmin and I purchased our current flat through an agent, from a Chinese couple called David and Lillian. They were a nice and decent couple, with two kids in junior school. They wanted to move to another flat in the same neighbourhood just a few blocks away cause it was nearer to the school their daughter was attending, and also because they needed the money. David is a wholesale executive selling Xerox machines and Lillian runs her own mail-order gift-ware business from home. She is a tall lanky woman, flawless fair complexion, short and sassy hair, and little perky tits. David was the typical salesman kind of clean-cut chap, wears glasses, which lends him an image of a prudish man.

Lillian and me kept in touch after the transaction was over and we had moved into the flat, mainly because I was interested in starting a home-based business retailing novelties from Bali as well as mail-order lingerie which Jasmin, my wife, was also keen on. So I wanted some advise from her. In return, she sought my expertise in the legal field in dealing with some contractual aspects of her business. So we kept in touch pretty regularly through the phone. I had mailed her some brochures which she found rather erotic and asked me about which product range I planned to import. It was then that the subject veered towards sex.

You see, I told her that I thought Asians like us had little access to sexual aids and toys, unless they travelled. So since some of the lingerie I planned to import came from sex-shops in England, I might as well import some sex-toys also, which I know there would be a keen market for. Lillian said that it sounded interesting, then went on to confess, to my surprise, that she and David's sex life were on a slump due to their long working hours. She admitted that the subject I had raised was a well-timed reminder for her to review what was going on in their lives; she added that she would welcome anything that spruced up their marriage. She began by enquiring about my sex life with Jasmin, my wife.

And the discussion went to a deeper level; she said she had never used a dildo on herself before. When I discussed alternative lifestyles with her, such as swinging, she was intrigued. But she always maintained a collected disposition, and had a rather nice giggle that made me want to know how she sounded like in bed. She said that David was not the type who'd care to stray into a sexual discussion. Following that conversation we met for lunch a couple of times. On one occasion, she told me that she had been brought up in a restrictive family environment since a child, and till today her siblings were too protective over her. 

I told her that when we met them at the Housing council to sign the necessary papers to complete the transfer of the house to our ownership, she had worn a lovely floral skirt and heels open-toe heels, and Jasmin had commented that she had nice inviting slim legs and 'edible-looking' toes. Lillian laughed as we sipped our Grande-size Starbucks Lattes. Then I enquired about her sweet and sexy looking Filipino maid that we had seen when we visited the flat that we bought over from her and David. Lillian then confided in me that she liked the maid a lot, and seemed to enjoy being a domineering employer, giving orders and making the maid go the extra mile in attending her chores. She said she sympathised with her maid, Susan, because she understood how maids felt like being away from home in a foreign land at the mercy of foreign employers. Lillian told me how she had made Susan scrutinized each and every pair of panties she wore for stains, in her presence, and to vocalize in detail the nature of the stains.

Susan also wanted, because of hierarchical respect, to wash her inner-garments and clothes separately from her employers. But Lillian insisted that Susan soak all their inner-garments together, including David's underwear, in a pail overnight before machine-washing them the following morning. I asked Lillian if she was bi-sexual or if she had done another woman before. She said she hadn't, but jshe simply enjoyed dominating a woman – not sexually but work-wise. I also asked her if she had used a dildo on herself, and she blushed, saying she had never even seen one, let alone touch one. So she asked if I had one to lend her. I said yes, that Jasmin had a few, and I had a couple that I especially used on Jasmin. I promised to lend her one when we met again the next time.

I knew that our conversation was arousing Lillian. She was seated facing me, legs crossed beneath a knee length skirt that had a slit that ran till midway up the front, so her knees and a bit of flesh above that was visible, especially since Starbucks tables are simple in design with not much leg room for one to manoeuvre one's legs below them. I looked at her knees, she smiled. I just wanted to slide my hand in-between to finger-fuck her that instant, but I knew it was still too early to expect a Singaporean Chinese woman like Lillian to indulge. One must bear in mind that Singaporean Chinese women are not just inhibited, but they are experts in keeping their true feelings contained and suppressed. Move too fast when dating such a woman and she'll clam up till you go away. To me, Lillian was learning, and she was in the early stages of blooming.

The best women in Singapore were the housewives, the women who constituted the morning and afternoon rowdiness within residential estates, rushing about sending or fetching kids to and from neighbourhood public schools, going to the market, etc. wearing their spandex shorts or other forms of short pants that made it convenient for them to ride their bicycles around. Those that did not cycle would walk, and most of these Chinese women were at least trimmed in shape and slim. Some of them made it a point to dress teasingly, with make-up, well-coiffured hair-dos, sexy hot pants, brightly coloured nails with crimson lips – this was their only opportunity to remind themselves how 'woman' they still were, by being a titillation to the viewing pleasure of men in the vicinity. Others were more tamed, believing the fresh, natural, or out of bed look went better with their hot pants and tank-tops. Lillian was the latter, and slightly more educated and affluent than the others. 

And I prefer the latter too, especially the ones with well-worn seasoned and natural facial lines, perspiration showing on their bodies. If you see these Chinese women, you'll love their milky-fair complexion – Chinese women are gifted with the best pair of hind limbs in Asia. You'll come to appreciate their radiance, their strong looking thighs, and their nicely shaped bums. They have petit breasts, but the whiteness revealed by their cleavage will provoke your senses. A fleeting glance by a housewife as you walk past them in these neighbourhoods speak a thousand words, their almond-shaped eyes conveying to you a deeply-set message of depravation and desire. A show of appreciation for what they consider the little that they can flaunt is sufficient to earn their good graces. They are different from the career-women who work desk-bound office jobs, who ply the pubs and nightclubs after dusk, and who are superficial.

The Chinese women here do not inflate in size after marriage, like many of the Malay women do; the latter would then cloak themselves in their favourite traditional knee length straight-cut long-sleeved satin gowns with a matching sarong beneath, to hide their overweight physiques. Religion then becomes a disguise for their lack of fitness, because it is then asserted that their 'conservative' gowns are the requirements of their faith and culture. I am most fortunate to be married to a gorgeous wife who, although a Malay, constitutes the group of Malay women that forms the exception rather than the rule. She will have none of that cultural B.S., and fervently pursues an uninhibited lifestyle. She has a terrific honey-sweet smile and legs that even some Chinese women have fallen for. And she's born to fuck, and she's bi. We pampered ourselves once by checking into a hotel room and hired a female Chinese masseuse – my wife Jasmin and the masseuse Linda ended up making love to one another because the masseuse said she was 'seduced by Jasmin's legs and inviting bush'.

I asked her is she shaved. She said she did not, cause when her legs are concerned, she usually has them waxed. I smiled, and told her I was referring to something else. This made her giggle at her own naiveté in interpreting language bearing a sexual connotation. She replied anyhow, that she did not, and I told her I was glad. I told her that she should keep it natural and wild. 

"Chinese women have scanty pubic hair anyway, so why shave?" She responded.

Well, a lot do", I said, "But I prefer the naturally dense pubic bush."

She grinned. "Why?" She asked.

"Well, I don't see why a woman needs to shave after attaining puberty. You take one look at a bald cunt and you think there's a bald-headed man stuck inside and trying to make himself come out head first." I explained.

She erupted with laughter, till her eyes teary.

"Oh God", she exclaimed, "Jimmy, you can be so hilarious!"

When she simmered, she asked me if I didn't think that she was too old at her age, in her late thirties, to have 'fun'. I looked into her eyes and replied.

"You should know this Lillian, women, like wine, taste better with age."

"So you have tasted a lot of women my age?" She asked.

"I have enjoyed my share, and they have not let me down yet!" I joked.

I asked Lilian if she had considered swinging. She said she had never thought about it till she met me. She was searching for a way tand the right moment o approach the subject with David, her husband. Then she suddenly leaned across the table, her face transforming into a serious expression and told me that she wanted to confide in me a matter she considered crucial. She said she had a fantasy, which if I could help her materialize, she'd start swinging with me and Jasmin.

Lillian had a fantasy to watch David suck a cock, and that she also wanted to see David getting buggered in his ass. She asked me if I was bi, and I said definitely not. She said she wanted to force David down on his knees to take another man in his mouth, and to take it in his ass. By comparison, I told her that someone renowned had said that women are naturally bi-sexual. But she said if I could do it to David and allowed him to suck me off, so that she could watch, she'd do anything I asked. The request struck me as strange, because Jasmin had made a similar request too. Like men, women had a fantasy to watch two men go at it. But I had a problem with that; so I concluded that I could 'give' if need be, not 'take'.Anyway I told her that we'd see how things went. She explained that watching her husband forced to submit sexually was something she would find extremely arousing. We agreed that in any sexual contact between males, the giver did not necessarily mean he was gay or bi-sexual. But I warned her that at no time was David allowed to bugger me or make me touch him or suck him. I told her that I'd walk out with Jasmin if David conflicted with my interests. She agreed, and said that it was time for her to raise the subject on swinging with David.

This then is an example of a typical conversation we would have constantly. Then I told her that in return I had a favour to ask. Then I leaned across and whispered my request in her ear. Lillian rose from her chair and made her way to the rest-room. She entered one of the cubicles, shut the door, and then reached beneath her skirt. She sunk two fingers into her wet pussy, stroking them in and out several times. Later, she emerged from the rest-room, made her way back to our table and sat. She then reached across to me and put her fingers in my mouth for me to lick.

"How'd I taste?" she asked, smiling.

"Like honeydew", I responded. 

She was now eager to talk David into succumbing to an alternative lifestyle. I had stimulated the latent sexuality in her, and she wanted to do the same to her husband. Lillian was emerging from her shell. She said it would not be that hard to talk to David; although he was a prude, she believed he simply needed to know that she would walk the line with him. 

We parted that day with an abundance of hope for the future. True enough, two days later she called me to say that she had accomplished what she wanted, and David was willing to delve into swinging with us. She said that David wanted to meet up with me first for coffee to discuss the shape and form of our future together, and any boundaries that needed to be pre-arranged and respected for discretionary purposes; I agreed, and informed her I had spoken to Jasmin too about the recent developments. But Jasmin would not participate in the discussion, since she thought it was unnecessary to discuss 'boundaries' when the intention in the first place was to traverse boundaries! Jasmin has always been the kind to dive into something not wanting to know where it'll lead her to, letting nature take its course. She found it more exciting when natural.

The following week, on a Tuesday, was Lillian's birthday. So in order not to impose on her privacy, instead of wanting to meet her on her birthday, I asked if Jasmin and I could call on her the day before. Sure, of course, she replied. It was in the afternoon and David was at work, the kids at school, so we could have tea with her she said.

Jasmin had bought her a pen for her birthday, and had it wrapped prettily. She wore a green denim mini skirt and a tank-top, and I wore a simple pair of Bermudas and a tuck-out shirt suitable for our humid tropical weather. And I carried along an extra package which content I simply refused to tell Jasmin, saying she'd find out soon enough when Lillian unwrapped her gifts. We rang the doorbell. Susan, the maid, answered. The Filipino wore her usual working clothes, a tee-shirt and Bermudas. She was a friendly cheerful woman 30 years of age, bespectacled, but was quite pretty behind her glasses. She unlocked the padlock and invited us in. Lillian emerged from her room shortly thereafter, wearing a short tennis skirt and white tank-top, cheerfully greeting us. We rose from our seats to wish her happy birthday, and then handed her the gifts. She showed us around her newly-renovated home, and the last stop was her kitchen, where Susan was preparing tea.

Standing at the corner of the kitchen flanked by her kitchen-table and the wall, we urged her to unwrap her gifts. As she obliged, I just observed her smooth, fair, slim and inviting legs, wondering what it was like up and in-between. She loved the pen Jasmin gave her, sating thank you about a million times. Then she expressed curiosity about the larger package I had for her, asking me what it was. I told her to look, it was what I had promised her. She tore the wrappers off and found a box containing a large 12 inch blue coloured dildo. She blushed, and Susan, seeing what her employer was holding in her hands, just grinned away coyly.

"My God!" Lillian exclaimed. "You actually got me this!"

"Hey! That's mine!" Jasmin said, looking at me with a cheeky smirk on her face. "But you can have it!" She told Lillian.

"No, it's a loan", Lillian said, fixated on the rubber phallus in her hand and unable to retreat from her position in the corner. I agreed that it was a loan. "I'll try it till I can but one from England." Lillian said.

Then, placing both my hands on Jasmin's shoulders, I applied pressure, receiving a puzzled look from her; I pressed her to her knees on the floor before Lillian, whose gaze shifted down unsuspectingly to the Malay woman's sudden movement before her. I moved to Lillian's side, wrapped my arm around her shoulders and pulled her to me, bringing her mouth to mine and I kissed her. She was overwhelmed with my instantaneous advances, and hesitated at first, but relented after that, parting her lips to allow my tongue to greet hers. I pressed her back against the kitchen-table, swiftly lifted her short skirt above her waist, and with my other hand I grabbed my wife's head and forced her face into Lillian's crotch. I kept her face pressed against the panty-covered mound for a minute, compelling her to savour our host's scent. Susan, standing behind me, had a stunned expression on her face, wondering if this was an unwelcome assault on her employer, and was about to rush out the kitchen, perhaps to make a call for help, but Lillian told her everything was fine.

"Stay here Susan!" I ordered the maid. "Just watch!" I instructed her in an intimidating tone. She stood there like a confused spectator, hands clutching one another in front.

"Do your always treat your host with such friendliness?" Lillian asked me while Jasmin drew her panties down to her ankles.

"Only when our host has legs that are as obscenely inviting as yours. We have not even started yet." I replied.

Then I moved my mouth to her ear, letting my breath fall into her ear and crook of her neck, causing goose bumps to appear on her fair skin and her body to shudder helplessly.

"For today, you belong to us. Just you, me, and my wife." I whispered into her ear. She could only nod, at a loss for words. I had an arm around her midriff and felt her twitch as Jasmin's tongue tickled her clit. I pushed my wife's face again into Lillian's scanty pubic hair. Then I instructed Susan to come forward and assist by removing her employers tank-top. The maid was a nervous-wreck, one who apparently had never even contemplated the possibility of such a scene taking place before her. 

"Take her bra off too Susan." I ordered.

Upon exposing her perky tits and dark cherry nipples, I fondled them roughly with my hands. Then I lowered my face and took one nipple between my teeth. I filled my mouth with three-quarter of her small peach shaped breast.

"Sorry, mine aren't as large as your wife's", she apologized.

"In time we'll get them swelled up, sore and bruised!" I assured her. I reached down and gently parted her thighs further apart so Jasmin could get under and into her more, telling her she had to know how to open herself up readily in future. Susan had sweat trickling down her face, and seemed idle at that moment as she stared blankly at us. So I shouted at her and told her to come over and use her mouth on her employer's other breast than to stand around doing nothing. My authoritative manner towards her maid was making Lillian cum in Jasmin's mouth. She loved it. I dug two fingers into her vagina to experience her release of sexual fluids each time I shouted at her maid.

Susan nervously took in Lillian's other breast, and it was obvious she did not know how, never even having pictured sucking another woman's tits before. Jasmin saw how clumsy she was, so she dragged my Bermudas down to my ankles, and my long hard cock sprang to life like a flag-pole above her head. 

"Maybe she'll know how to suck on this!" Jasmin said, her face covered with Lillian's juices, which Lillian gazed at with a look of utter astonishment. Susan got the hint, and before any of us shouted at her again, she bent over Jasmin, and engulfed my cock in her mouth. This time Lillian grabbed a fistful of the Filipino's long black hair and pushed her head down, and the latter gagged as my cock was shoved into the back of her throat, causing her to cough. But Lillian persisted, not releasing her grip on her maid, and kept pressing down on her head. I was working on her tits still, sucking hard on her nipples one by one. 
