 She had been dreaming of this moment for months. Over the past semester Alice had spent countless hours alone, making love to herself at the thought of being with him. He was Josh, the skinny little fag boy people at their small college loved to make fun of but, he was good guy and handsome looking. He had a slender frame and a waif like look about him. He had long dark hair that feel about his shoulders carelessly. During these past few months Alice would lie awake at night fantasizing that the hands that slid across her body at night, that caressed her breasts, that extracted infinite pleasures from her clit; were his instead of hers. She hadn't spent the semester completely unsatisfied. Her boyfriend Sean had fucked her plenty, but that was just it, with Sean it was not much more than "fucking". Sure he cared about her, maybe even loved her but he was a young inexperienced straight boy, he knew how to have sex one way, hard and fast. At times he gave her earth rippling orgasms but it wasn't enough. She needed a slow hand, a lover's touch. And this was finally it.

In the month preceding this moment she had made friends with Josh and, learned the most exciting secret to come across her lips in a long time. The night she found out she just kept repeating it to herself in the shower over and over again as she massage her voluptuous body. "He's bi. He's bi. He's bi." Just the though that she had a shot seemed to flood her sex with juices. She spent the rest of the month attempting to seduce him, and it had finally paid off. Her parents were gone for the weekend and Sean was at a track meet in another city. She had invited Josh over to watch a movie but, he wasn't fooled by any pretense. He knew exactly what she wanted of him and he was completely willing to give in to her.

Now, they were upstairs in her bedroom, his hands were around her hips and her hands were brushing against the smooth skin of his face. It had been a while since Josh had explored this side of his sexuality. All his more recent experiences had been with other men, and he longed for the touch of a woman. Alice was everything he could desire in one. She was tall and busty, with long auburn hair that rested just above her shoulders. Her soft pink lips were pressed against his and he breathed in her scent. It was utterly intoxicating and time seemed to slow down as he drew more and more of it into him. He let out a soft moan and when his lips parted her tongue began to explore them. He invited her into his mouth with his own tongue and before long they were engaged in a full on passionate kiss. He slid his hands up her body and rubbed them across her back then across her belly. Her cream colored skin quivered at his touch. She kissed him even deeper and ran her fingers through his hair. The kiss was sending waves of euphoria through every part of her body. She wanted to pull him inside of her, to devour him. She had never known desire like this before. Alice tugged at the sweater her lover was wearing and pulled him down onto her as she fell back onto her bed. He bit her lip, and the slight pain caused a torrent of moisture in her privates. She pulled his hand from her breast and guided it down her side, across her soft stomach and into her jeans. His hand swiftly made its way down to her eagerly awaiting snatch, and he began to massage her pubic bone. The suspense was sweet torture, she wanted his fingers inside of her but, what he was doing felt so good already. She reached down and pulled off his sweater, teasing his ribs with her fingernails. Josh's mind was a wash with thoughts of how beautiful Alice was, and how he had never been with a woman so soft and sexy. He could feel the heat rising off her sex, as he continued to massage the area around it. He wanted to slide his fingers inside of her but not just yet. She took her lips from his and pushed him up. She leaned in and her lips met the soft pink flesh of his left nipple. She began to suck, and to lick, and to moan against it, and he in turn began to move his hand down The tips of his fingers began to tease her hood, and then slid past right it to her moist slit. Just as she felt his middle finger enter her they heard a voice.

"What the fuck?" It was her boyfriend Sean! She threw Josh off of her and began to ask,

"How long have you been...?" 

"The meet was canceled." He was stammering. "I thought I'd surprise you but it seems, I'm the one getting the surprise." He didn't answer her question because the truth was, he had been there for quite sometime. He had climbed through her kitchen window and ascended the stairs to her room a few moments ago. In his shock at seeing his girlfriend making out with someone else he had been stricken paralyzed. He watched as "That faggot Josh" had laid his girlfriend down and began to caress and kiss her. It was only when his rage had exceeded his shock did he exclaim in disapproval. "I thought you were fucking gay Josh. Whats the fucking deal?" Josh had been quiet in the tense moments since Sean had revealed his presence but now, there was a smirk of mischief that ran across his face.

"Why Sean, do I hear a hint of jealousy?" Josh stood up off the bed and sauntered toward Sean. "Are you upset cause you wanted me too?" Sean began to backup but, his back was to the wall.

"Dude I...ain't gay." Sean said. His voice quivering.

"Me neither." Josh replied. He stepped forward and knelt down in front of the recoiling track star, and reached for the fly of Sean's jeans.

"What are you doing?" Sean exhaled.

"I think you know what I'm doing." 

Sean ran his hands through his own messy shock of red hair and stood motionless. Alice sat on the bed in shock at the scene developing before her. Josh worked the button fly of Sean's Levi's quickly and pulled down the jeans and boxers in one smooth motion to reveal Sean's semi-erect cock.

"Looks like you like what you've seen so far" Josh teased. "You're gonna love this." And with that, Josh lifted Sean's six inch prick to his mouth, licked his lips and engulfed the shaft into his mouth. Pleasure exploded through Sean's body. His slim, athletic body shuddered as Josh worked his cock. He was confused, he was now rock hard and his pecker had elongated to its full seven inches, but he wasn't gay. Or he thought he wasn't gay, he wasn't sure anymore but, the waves of joy careening through his body told him he didn't care either way. Josh slid the shaft out of his mouth and ran his tongue down the side of it and began to lick Sean's sack. Sean's pelvic bone was covered in well groomed fire red pubic hair but, his ball sack was completely hairless. Josh's mouth slurped and slid allover the sack as he gave Sean oral pleasure like he had never known before. He took his left hand away from the cock before him and motioned for Alice to come hither. She oozed off the bed and glided over the floor to her boyfriend. He was still in shock at all that was happening so fast. She looked him in the eye and he gazed into hers. She parted her lips.

"I'm sorry Sean. I still love you." She said, the began to kiss him. He accepted her kiss and pulled her to him. His hands came up and removed her blouse, and made short work of removing her bra. He leaned in and kissed her chest, and she threw her head back in approval. His hands softly kneaded her breasts as his mouth made love to her nipples. Her breasts were ample and supple. Tenderly he began to nibble at them. He had come over that night wanting this but, he glanced down at the man still sucking his cock and thinking that, that was the best surprise he had received in his life. He took on hand off of Alice's succulent globes and ran it threw Josh's raven colored mane. The subtle vibration that raced through his dick let him know Josh was moaning approvingly. Alice looked downward at her lover sucking her boyfriend's cock and a streak of jealousy ran through her. She couldn't tell if she was jealous that Josh was pleasing her man, or that her man was pleasing Josh. She knew one thing though, she wanted that cock in her mouth, now. Alice knelt down next to her lover and gazed at her boyfriends cock.

"I think the girl wants in on this." Josh said, licking pre-cum from his lips. Alice slid her hand up Sean's thigh, letting her fingernails tease the skin. She wrapped her hand around the thick shaft of her boyfriends cock and took it into her mouth. She could feel his heartbeat as she glided her mouth up and down the shaft. She began to feel Josh's hands on her breasts, massaging and teasing them. She felt Sean run his hands through her hair, he let out a soft sigh.

"I still love you too." Alice's tongue was swirling around his prick and Josh's tongue was slurping his ball sack. He was in ecstasy. His cock was buried in the throat of the most beautiful woman he had ever known, and his balls were being sucked by a guy! Alice and Josh began to work his cock in tandem, both of them licking the sides of it up and down, teasing it, and meeting at the tip and exchanging cum soaked kisses. Just as Sean felt he was about to explode, they backed off. Alice stood up and stepped back onto the bed.

"I think its my turn boys.", she said as she undid her pants, dropping them to the floor. She curled her finger at her awaiting suitors, inviting them to remove her panties. Hungrily, the men darted towards her. She lay at the edge of the bed, cooing and kneading her breasts, waiting to be fulfilled. Sean knelt in front of her and slid her white cotton panties off. He leaned his face into her sex, and breathed in the aroma of her lust. She was soaking wet already, and he could feel the heat of desire wafting off her snatch. He dived in. With his hands he began to massage her pelvic bone, and with his mouth he made love to her. His tongue licked up and down her snatch until she was pulsating, the he licked around her hood. He pulled her hood back to reveal her clit, and began to gently lick it. She was moaning heavily now, and Josh had moved to lie next to her. He suckled at her breasts, and alternatively kissed her mouth. Sean was lapping at her cunt, and she was close to cumming. What sent her over the edge was when he open his mouth and engulfed her snatch and sucked hard on her clit. Licking and sucking it at the same time caused her to shudder and shake with an orgasm, and to flood his mouth with her cum. She was pressing his face into her cunt with one hand and, caressing Josh's body with the other. Josh began to remove his pants, and he unsheathed his prick from his briefs. Alice quickly motioned for him to bring the cock to her lips. Josh's pubic area was hairless, the skin around his shaft was smooth from a fresh shave. Spinning his hands around the rock hard six and a half inch shaft he brought it to Alice's waiting lips, who gladly took him into her mouth and began to suck furiously. She massaged his balls, and then sucked them one at a time. Sean deeply engrossed in twat glanced up at his girlfriend sucking another man's prick. He felt his own cock stiffening. All the while sucking on her clit he wondered how Josh's cock might feel in his own mouth. But, before he could make his request known Alice spoke out.

"Sean, I need you inside of me." She moaned the words, cooed them out like some sort of primal plea. He lifted himself to his feet, and raised her thick legs over his shoulders. His hands caressed and explored the voluptuous calves of his girlfriend and he plunged his throbbing member into her snatch. She gasped in ecstasy as the head dipped into her cunt. She jerked Josh's cock with even more vigor as the shaft began to slide in and out of her. He was building up speed, and she was ready for it. Soon he was slamming her twat and causing her to climax. When she came, her back arched and she yelled out. Josh almost climaxed himself just from seeing her cum but, he managed to hold his orgasm. Sean was easing his pace now, fucking her with slow hard pumps. His hands were massaging Alice's clit, causing little aftershocks to explode throughout her body. Before long she began to wonder, how his cock might taste now that it had been buried deep in her wet snatch for several minutes.

"Sean, let me taste myself on you." She said as she rearranged herself to take him in her mouth. She wrapped her lips around his dickhead and began to slurp up and down the sides of his firm shaft. She tasted the awesome flavor of her cum mixed with his pre-cum, the juiced drizzled down her chin and neck.Josh began to position himself to enter Alice from behind, but Sean spoke up.

"Hey Josh..." He said weakly. "Can I try that cock?" Alice almost choked in shock. Her boyfriend wanted cock! In his mouth! Josh quickly moved over to Sean in delight. He presented his stiff cock to Sean still dripping with Alice's saliva. Sean leaned in and opened his mouth and began to suck Josh's throbbing thickness. He was surprised that he loved it. The feel of the hot muscle in his mouth, the sweet saltiness of pre-cum, the musk of another man's privates all of it caused him to shudder with pleasure. Alice was fingering herself as she sucked Sean's cock. It felt good, but she needed cock. She pulled Josh away from Sean's loving mouth, and down to her. She laid him down and straddled him. She slid herself slowly down his dick, and began to rock her hips around. Josh began to thrust in rhythm with her rocking and massaged her breasts. Sean leaned in and began to lick Alice's ass, tonguing her soft rim, and massaging her cheeks. She was rocking faster and faster until she screamed out.

"Sean! I need you inside me too." Sean became rock hard almost instantly at the thought of penetrating Alice's gorgeous round ass. He leaned over to her nightstand an retrieved a small bottle of lube, and began to slather it onto his cock, then he let a bit drizzle down into Alice's waiting anus. He finger her a bit to loosen her up and then readied his prick at her hole. He took a moment to take in the glory of her voluptuous thirty-eight inch ass, and then began to press his cock into her ass. Hus head popped in, and Alice let out a moan. He began to slowly slide his cock in, and she reached her hand behind her to guide him in. He eased himself into her and then began to gently make love to her from behind. She could feel the full girth of him sliding in and out of her bowels, as Josh continued to fuck her snatch. she was in paradise but, she desire more.

"Sean," she called out to him. "Fuck me." Sean began to make slow hard pumps into her, and soon Josh matched his rhythm. Soon Alice was thrusting back onto both their cocks, and screaming in ecstasy. She had never known such pleasure, her lover below her and her boyfriend behind her. The three began to pick up speed, before long all three were nearing their orgasms. Alice came, and shook violently as both her suitors continued to fuck her, cause her to come and come again. When she came her whole body contracted and the sudden tightness caused Sean to come instantly. He continued to thrust even as he emptied his load into her. When finally he was spent, he rolled over and watched Alice and Josh finish. Josh was so close, and Alice knew it. She wanted his cum. When he spoke up to say he was almost there she dismounted him and began to vigorously suck his cock. She worked the shaft with her hands and swirled her tongue around the head until he began to pump out his hot jism. She took him fully into her mouth and stroked his cock as he shot rope after rope into her mouth. When he had finished she slide her mouth off his cock and was about to swallow his load when she noticed Sean looking directly at her cum soaked lips. She crawled over her lover to her boyfriend and shared a kiss with him. The cum swirled between their mouths and leaked down their chins. Sean swallowed most of the cum, and looked into Alice's eyes.

"I love you so much." he said, and kissed her forehead. The three of them lay in afterglow together, cuddling , kissing and, talking until they feel asleep.