 I was on my way back from the gym when Rose called me on my mobile. She was obviously excited and not making a lot of sense so I told her to meet me in the local Starbucks to explain exactly what she was so eager for me to get involved in. In exchange for a Soya Latte I got a very sexy snog and the following tale. 

Apparently Rose had been at a party at a neighbour's house and had gotten into a conversation with Alice, the daughter of one of her friends. Alice was a bit drunk and upset so Rose sat her down in the corner with a bottle of white wine and teased the story out of her. It seemed that Alice had a boyfriend called Steve that she was besotted by. They had been together for about six months and now Steve was going to be working away in Spain for a month. Apparently Steve is 'absolutely gorgeous' and Alice thought that once he was away from her he would forget about her and find someone else. "He's gorgeous Rose, no girl ever says no to him, I don't know what to do." So Rose started asking about their relationship, why Steve liked her, what kept them together and after a few gulps of wine and a little hesitancy the answer came back as sex. It seems that Steve and Alice were at it like rabbits. With a nervous smile Alice told Rose that "He loves my boobs and I love his cock so we are made for each other" 

I asked exactly what Alice looked like as she hadn't told me. "She's 22, tall, blonde, curvy and if her boobs are anything less than a 38DD I'll eat my knickers." So I asked the obvious question, where do I come in? She told me to be patient and carried on with the story. Rose had started by saying the usual to her, 'don't worry, you will talk on the phone, you can text and email, maybe even get a webcam and talk face to face on MSN or something' but that wasn't going to be enough, she wanted something else to keep him interested. 

At this point said Rose, I filled up her glass again and suggested that maybe she needed to think a little outside the box and focus on what he really liked, what was his real passion? She looked a little blank so I leaned forward and touched her breast with my forefinger and said "These. Why not send him some photos of your boobs. No man can resist sexy photos, send him a set of you slowly stripping, just one a day for a month and he'll be so horny by the time he gets back he'll probably fuck you clean in half!" 

She was shocked by the idea but obviously also excited. "Oh yes, that would be good, he'd love that, he's a dirty bastard at heart!" She started chattering about how she could use the phone on her camera but Rose told her the quality would not be very good and that it would be difficult to get much of her in shot. Alice agreed and then said that maybe she could get a camera with a timer and use that but Rose pointed out that she would need a tripod and lots of practice but even then it could take ages to get enough decent shots to drive Steve wild with. Alice looked a bit deflated by this and said "Oh well, it was a good idea but I guess I'll have to just take my chance against those Spanish girls after all." This was the opening that Rose had been waiting for. "Alice dear, why not get someone else take the photographs for you? That way you can guarantee they would be perfect enough to keep him hooked until he gets back." 

Alice looked both shocked and confused "Who on earth would I get to do that! I'm not taking my clothes off for some dirty old man with a box fucking brownie!!!" 

"Now calm down." Said Rose "As a matter of fact I had some done a while ago by a friend of mine, he's professional, discrete and made me look like a goddess. It was fun, I really enjoyed doing it and the photos were worth any initial embarrassment. It's like visiting your doctor or dentist, just a professional service." Alice finished her glass and helped herself to another one. "Well, I suppose if you put it that way it doesn't sound too bad. How much does it cost? It sounds like a good idea but it must be expensive." 

"Marco and I go back a long way, I'm sure that if I explain the situation he would be glad to help as a favour to me." 

By now my jaw has almost hit the floor. "Rose, you have told a busty 22yo blond that I'm a professional photographer and would be willing to take topless photographs of her as a favour to you? Are you mad?" 

"Don't you like the idea? Anyway, I said you were professional, I didn't say you were a professional photographer. C'mon Marco, wait 'till you see her, she's fantastic! Anyway, I said that you would do it and she's free on Friday, we just need to arrange a time and a place." 

"Ok" I said, "Just explain to me again why we are doing this? Exactly what is in it for us?" Rose just gave me that exasperated look that all women are born with, the one that brackets every sentence with 'dimwit' "Look Marco, she's young, blonde, busty, and horny and hasn't been fucked for a fortnight. I also know, because her nosey mother told me so last month that her best friend, Carly, bought her a vibrator for Christmas. Girls with friends like that are girls that like girls if you know what I mean and if she is spreading that pussy around then I want some, and when you see her, so will you!" 

It seemed a fairly persuasive argument and Rose sealed the deal by giving me a blowjob in the disabled toilet before we went our separate ways. It was a good job she had a mouth full of cock while she frigged her clit or the noise she was making would have gotten us thrown out. 

So on Friday at 14:00 I'm waiting in a hotel room that I often use to entertain clients for Rose and Alice to arrive. Alf, the owner, knows exactly what goes on and has rigged up a peephole in the connecting door so he can watch the action and in exchange I get a discount or like today, free use. It's a good arrangement that can cause some surprises, like the time last year when my client turned out to be Penny, his Mrs! Very vocal and enthusiastic she was too. I thought that he must have known but he assured me not, he had no idea that she had booked me or that she liked anal so much! 

The room I had chosen was fairly large. It had a small two seater chesterfield sofa in old brown leather, a matching armchair, small coffee table and in the centre of the room a Queen sized four poster bed. The four poster is handy for bondage games but is also what a lot of women like, it's almost romantic in a way. I had borrowed some of those upside-down-umbrella lights and a decent digital SLR camera on a tripod from a mate who is a photographer in his spare time. I didn't really know what I was doing but he advised leaving the camera on 'auto' and just using the zoom. "Set the lights up on each side of the bed, keep the room warm and the drinks flowing and she'll be starkers and gagging for it in no time" was all the advice he said I would need. 

Rose and Alice arrived a bit later than planned, giggly and excited in Rose's case, giggly and nervous in Alice's. Apparently Rose had thought it a good idea that they stop off in the hotel bar on the way up and a couple of large gin and tonics later they were both feeling a bit more relaxed. Alice was just as Rose had described her, tall, blonde and very curvy even in Jeans and a sweatshirt. After the slightly awkward introductions Rose told me to open a bottle of wine while she ushered Alice into the spacious bathroom to help her get ready. 

Even I, with all my experience of women, was taken aback by the sight that walked out of the bathroom a quarter of an hour later. Her long hair was brushed to a golden sheen and swept back off her face. Her eyes were ringed with dark mascara giving them a sunken look that accentuated her high cheekbones. Her deep pink lipstick matched the pink corset with black stripes and lace trim that hugged her magnificent figure. Black lace knickers and gloves, lace topped hold ups and black dolly shoes completed the outfit. Her magnificent breasts spilled out of the top of the corset and the whole look was powerful, provocative and fuck-me-'till-I-can't-walk sexy. 

I handed them both a glass of wine as I tried to look professional despite the bulge in my pants and the stupid grin on my face. Alice took a couple of gulps from her drink and looked nervously around her, as if looking for some way out of the room. Rose, who had by now changed into a short skirt and peasant blouse tied under her bust just sipped at hers before giving me a knowing wink. 

"Come on then." Said Rose, "Lets get on with it, we haven't got all day. Marco, how about a few of Alice in the chair to start with?" So she sat in the armchair and between us we had her posing in plenty of different ways, leaning forward, leaning back, drinking from her glass, legs stretched out in front of her and best of all, legs crossed, ankles over her knee displaying acres of thigh and the dark vee of her panties. We kept up a constant chatter, telling her how good she looked, that she was a natural and so sexy. Rose was also careful to keep her glass topped up while drinking very little herself. 

We had a short break while I fiddled with the camera, in reality touching nothing, just looking like I knew what I was doing while Rose chatted quietly to Alice, reassuring her that it was going well "See, told you it was easy, you look beautiful, Steve will be back like a shot once he sees these photos" We then got her to sit on the sofa for a few more innocent shots before Rose made her lie on one side with her legs curled up beneath her. This pushed her corset up beneath her breasts giving her a cleavage to dive into. Alice looked down at the ocean of flesh and giggled "God, he'll love these photos, my tits look huge!" 

Rose went across and knelt down in front of her, smoothing her long blonde hair out over her shoulder. "Time to show a bit more I think." She said as she deftly undid the top button of the corset, exposing the darker pink of her areola. I could see Alice blushing as I snapped away, muttering "Beautiful, gorgeous, perfect." as if to myself. We moved her around a little before Rose told her to undo the next button. She did so very slowly as we all held our breath, if she was going to back out then it would be now but soon two large, very erect nipples told us that although Alice may be nervous she was also very excited! After a few more poses she undid the third and then the fourth buttons without prompting, cupping her big tits in her hands and thumbing the nipples, her breathing clearly deeper and more excited. 

At Rose's suggestion she moved over to the bed, downing a whole glass of wine in two huge gulps as she did so. The bottle was now empty and most of it was inside Alice. She knelt slightly unsteadily on the bed, knees apart, her hands clasped behind her head in classic poster girl pose, her fabulous breasts thrust out before her. I licked my lips and felt my palms itch, they looked so tempting. Rose's face was a mask of lust also and I couldn't help but wonder if Alice was getting turned on by our obvious desire. She ran her hands up and down her body, stroking and pulling at her nipples as I clicked away when suddenly, with a mischievous grin she pushed her left breast up, bent her head down and sucked her nipple into her mouth like it was a cherry on an ice cream cone. I'm sure she thought that we would be too busy staring at her tongue flicking over her nipple to notice that her right hand quickly moved down between her legs to rub firmly over her pussy....but we did! 

"Oh you naughty girl!" Exclaimed Rose "Does Steve know you can do that? He's gonna come in his pants when he sees these photos!" 

Alice just blushed and gave her right nipple the same treatment. Rose, knowing where we wanted the session to end up them made some more suggestions for poses, leaning forward on her hands so those breasts hung down , nipples brushing the cover of the bed and then turned the other way so that the bulge of her pussy was clearly visible between her thighs as her arse was pushed up in an open invitation to be spanked or fucked. We then had her sit with a leg each side of one of the posts and curl tightly around it, clamping the wooden column between her legs and squeezing her tits around it like it was a monster cock. She was clearly enjoying the opportunity to rub her pussy against something hard. At one point she leaned back holding on to the pole and provocatively rubbed her crotch against it while tweaking her nipple. God, I was enjoying this! 

Rose then got her to sit all the way back against the headboard. With her knees bent she has her take off her shoes, stretching each leg out in turn, each movement pulling her knickers tighter into her pussy. Next she had her slowly remove her gloves, pulling them gently off with her teeth to expose her beautifully polished nails, the deep pink matching her lipstick. Now clad in only stockings, lace panties and with her corset half open, those breasts spilling out provocatively she looked stunning. We both thought that the next step would be difficult and require some persuasion but we were pushing against an open door, some poses with her hands covering her crotch lead to a hand inside them and then pulled slightly to one side. For almost the first time Alice spoke without it being a reply to a question. "Shall I take my knickers off now? Because I have a surprise for Steve that I want to show him." 

"Of course dear," said Rose, "Lets see what this surprise is, will he like it?" 

"Oh I think so" said Alice as she slid the scrap of lace down her thighs and off, tossing it towards me with a grin "He's been trying to get me to shave my pussy for ages so I finally did it this morning, if this doesn't get his attention nothing will!" She spread her legs wider, exposing her perfectly bald pussy to our gaze, pink lips beaded with moisture almost waved enticingly at us. She ran her finger between them slowly as I frantically took shot after shot before licking the juice off, her full lips sucking sexily around her finger. 

"Oh my god!" Exclaimed Rose, "I didn't think you were going to go this far! Lucky Steve, if he's not on the first plane back then he must be gay! Alice giggled and ran her hand over her pussy, smoothing her fingers all around her smooth mound. "Actually I love it." She said, "I love the way it feels, so smooth and sexy, I wish I had done it ages ago" 

"Well then Alice" Said Rose "Seeing as you are feeling so sexy let's get really naughty. Tell me about the best sex you ever had, tell me about the best time. It'll show on your face, make the pictures even more erotic. Was it with Steve, tell me what it feels like when Steve has his big cock hammering into you, does it feel good?" 

She sighed and closed her eyes, her hands rested lightly on the top of her stockings and I'm sure I could see the lips of her pussy growing darker and more engorged by the second. She took a few deep breaths and I could see that she was fighting the urge to slip her hands towards her pussy. 

"No, Steve is good but the best time was before that, before I met him. He'd kill me if he knew what I did, he hates hearing about my old boyfriends but it was with Jimmy..and one of his mates." 

"Oh Alice, that sounds bad, go on, tell us what you did you dirty girl!" said Rose excitedly 

Alice ran her left hand up her body until she was holding her large breast, rolling and squeezing her nipple between her finger and thumb. Her eyes were still firmly closed and her right hand was clearly fighting the urge to move down between her legs. 

"Jimmy was a squaddie and I loved to see him in his uniform, there is something about men in uniforms that drives me wild. We met one of his mates one night and he was a copper and looked so smart in his uniform too. We had a few drinks and went home and I was very turned on, I was all over Jimmy in the car and couldn't wait to get at his cock when we got in. He asked me what had got me in that state so I told him about the uniform thing, said that a room full of men in uniform could do whatever they wanted to me and that I'd have fucked his mate Andy in the pub he looked so hot dressed like that" 

Her hand had now lost the fight and I could see her elegantly manicured finger teasing back the hood of her clitoris before slowly circling the hard nub. 

She gave a little groan before continuing as I zoomed the camera in between her legs to capture the action. "About a week later Jimmy collected me from work all dressed up in his best kit, beret at an angle, belt and boots gleaming. He wouldn't say where we were going; just that he had a surprise for me. We arrived at a flat on the outskirts of town and he let us in, leading me into the lounge. As soon as we were inside his hands were all over me, pulling at my clothes and mauling my tits. I didn't mind, I was quite turned on by him being rough and happy to be stripped. He pulled my top off and my bra soon followed. He crushed me to him pinning my arms behind my back when I heard something behind me and felt a hand on my wrist. I tried to turn my head but couldn't. Jimmy just whispered 'time for your surprise' as I felt something clamping around my left wrist and then my right. Jimmy stepped back and let me turn around to see Andy standing there waving the keys of his handcuffs at me." 

"So you like men in uniform then do you Alice." Said Andy, "Let's see how you get on with my truncheon then shall we?" He said unzipping his trousers and pulling out his hard cock. "Jimmy pushed me down onto my knees and Andy grabbed my head and pushed his cock into my mouth quite roughly causing me to choke as he tried to force it 

all down my throat. Jimmy started laughing, urging Andy to 'shove it all down her fucking throat mate, she loves it' He pulled out a bit to let me get my breath before slamming it back into my mouth, just fucking my throat as he held onto my hair." 

"Did it feel good?" Said Rose moving closer to the bed 

"God yes, it felt fantastic, I was sucking for all I was worth, I wanted him to come in my mouth, I wanted to drown in spunk, I knew I was going to get a really good fucking, I couldn't wait" 

She now had two fingers twisting and pumping into her cunt, her legs were splayed wide as I clicked away. Her eyes were still tight shut as she relived the moment for our pleasure and hers. 

"He came loads, and I didn't swallow any of it, I let it fill my mouth and run down my chin onto my tits, he was telling me what a filthy whore I was and how he was going to fuck my arse next, how he was going to take me down to the station and lock me in a cell for anyone to use" 

Her fingers were now franticly pumping into her slit and she was twisting her nipple so hard I thought she was sure to draw blood. Christ, these pictures were getting better and better, almost obscene. My cock was now straining against my trousers painfully and Rose was squatting down beside the bed, her skirt around her waist and her hand inside her panties, her eyes level with Alice's pussy. The air was thick with the sound and smell of sex, it was intoxicating. 

"Then what Alice, what did they do next?" Whispered Rose 

"Jimmy pulled me so I was lying flat on my back before pulling my boots and jeans off. He was very rough, he just wanted me naked, and he tore my knickers off me and pushed my legs wide apart before pushing two fingers into me. I was dripping wet, I could have taken a well hung donkey with no problem but instead I got Jimmy's cock shoved up me, no preamble, just one hard thrust before he grabbed my tits and just fucked me as hard as he could." 

It was all too much for her now and she came with a load groan, clamping her hand tight between her legs. I took a couple of her hand trapped between her thighs but the ones that really get me going, make my cock ache are the ones of her face as she came, the look of lust is amazing, so erotic and animalistic. I knew then that she wasn't getting out of that room without me fucking her..and looking at Rose I could tell that she felt the same way. 
