 Anik and I had been dating for almost four years. We met when she was just 16 and I was 18. It was love at first sight. From the first time I kissed her I knew I wanted to be with her forever.

We started off slowly, becoming friends first before lovers. I can still remember the very first time I undressed her. I remember the smoothness of her skin; the fullness of her breasts; the way her nipples hardened under my tongue. She was a virgin, and I had only been with one girl before her. But what we lacked in experience we more than made up for with passion.

She was a beautiful girl. Standing about 5'4", she had been graced with a slender frame and long legs. Her hips curved naturally toward a flat stomach that accentuated her perfect breasts. She had a long and graceful neck, made all the more alluring by the locks of thick and curly chestnut hair that tumbled over her shoulders. But it was her face that had truly won me over. Anik was absolutely beautiful, the kind of girl that stops you in your tracks and makes you look back a dozen times, dreaming of making her your own. Lucky me, she was mine, and together we enjoyed each other in every way possible.

Although she had been uninitiated in the ways of love making when we first met, Anik was a fast learner. She had an appetite for pleasure that included the best blowjobs I have ever had. Here was a girl who could lick and suck and swallow all six inches of my cock, taking it right down her throat again and again. Anik used to kneel in front of me when we were watching television, and without a word she would unzip my pants and pull my shaft out, then begin licking my balls and sucking my dick like a porn star. She knew just how to do it --- lots of lips and tongue, no teeth, and plenty of motion. To make the moment last, she often pulled up off my cock and pressed her tits against me, cupping them together so that I could fuck her chest. But when I was ready to blow, you better believe she would dive back down on me, pulling me into her warm, wet mouth, and stroke my shaft until I blasted a load of cum onto her tongue and down her throat. To this day I have never met anyone who could swallow every drop of my wad and continue sucking like there was no tomorrow.

Sure, our sex life was fantastic. We fucked and made love at least twice a day, and more often when we had the chance. Anik liked to experiment. She liked to be tied up. She liked to be blind folded. She liked ice cubes drawn all over her body, and she liked it when I fucked her tight little pussy with a Popsicle before I fucked her. She eve liked anal sex. The first time I suggested it she was a little shy, but in the end, after lubing me up with her tongue and plenty of saliva, she climbed up on her knees and ease my shaft into her ass, pushing back as she got comfortable with it in her rectum. Finally, when she was ready, Anik began to rock against me while I thrust my hips forward. That first time she let me fuck her in the ass was the most incredible sensation, and when I came, I swear to God I thought I was going to die from dehydration!

By the time we had been together for four years, there was just about nothing Anik and I hadn't tried at some point. One rainy afternoon, while we were discussing our sexual likes and dislikes, Anik asked me a question.

"Is there anything special you really want to try?" I answered cautiously, not knowing how she would take my response.

"I've always wanted to try a threesome," I said.

Anik considered this for a moment. "You mean two girls, or two guys?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. Either, I guess. Or both."

Anik had a roommate that was just about as sexy as she was. I had been pining for a chance to fuck this girl, but I was infinitely loyal to Anik, and had no intention of jeopardizing our relationship by cheating on her. Anik knew I wanted her friend, but to my chagrin, she never made any overtures toward solving this dilemma. For months I had thought our relationship was to be an exclusive one, and that was fine by me, but suddenly here she was, contemplating my proposal. Imagine my shock when she responded.

"I think I'd like to try that," she said, "but with two guys."

I could barely hide my surprise. "Did you have anyone in mind?" I wondered.

"It would have to be someone we know. Someone we trust."

We both thought about this for several minutes. Finally, it was Anik who came up with the perfect solution.

"What about Tony?" she suggested. I knew Anik and Tony had been a little more than friends a few summers before she and I got together, but they had never gone beyond necking and heavy petting. Still, I had often suspected that both of them wanted to fuck the other one's brains out. Now, here was Anik just about asking my permission to live out her fantasy. I thought about it for a few minutes. If I let her fuck Tony, would she let me fuck her roommate somewhere down the line?

"Okay," I agreed. "Why don't we do it then?"

I think she was as shocked as I was that we actually both agreed to this idea.

"But how do we get him to do it?" she wondered.

"We'll just surprise him," I offered. "And if he doesn't want to do it, he'll tell us to stop."

Fat chance of that, I thought. Tony was the biggest playboy I knew. He would screw anything that wore a skirt, given the right opportunity. Which is not to say he was not a nice guy. On the contrary, Tony was very much like myself. He just had this way with women. He was a charmer, a player. I've never met another guy who could get a woman to do just about anything he wanted without even breaking a sweat.

Tony had a girlfriend at this particular point in time, a stuck-up rich babe named Melissa. Melissa was actually a nice enough girl, and quite a pretty blonde, with a fantastic body from years of figure skating. The problem was, she knew it, and like most pretty girls who know they are pretty, she worked it for everything it was worth. I guess in some respects that's why Tony and Melissa got along so well. They were both players, both after the same things.

Tony lived in a basement apartment in a run-down part of town. Anik and I used to visit his place quite regularly. On an afternoon not long after we had made our agreement to seduce our friend into a threesome, we ventured over to his place. As we walked up the path leading to the side door, Anik stopped and turned her beautiful brown eyes upon me.

"Are you sure you want to go through with this?" she whispered breathlessly.

I was already turned on just by the thought of our little experiment being enacted, but of course I couldn't let on to this. I had to play it a little cool.

"Do you?" I asked back.

She thought about it for a moment, then nodded: "Yes," she said. I could see the colour rising in her high cheekbones. Through the thin material of her T-shirt and bra, her nipples were hardened little points. I was willing to bet her pussy was damp right then as well. I would find out soon enough.

I rang Tony's doorbell. He answered about ten seconds later and invited us inside. At this point, Tony had no idea what we had in store for him.

The three of us spent the better part of that rainy afternoon playing cards and talking about our individual jobs. As the day wore on, I could see Anik was beginning to loosen up. She had made herself comfortable, stretching out her long coltish legs across the floor so that one touched my leg, and the other brushed up against Tony's leg. Tony had broken out the booze as well: beer for himself, vodka coolers for Anik and I. Anik had pounded about a half dozen bottles back and was beginning to get a little giggly. She had this glow about he that I found electric. Every time I looked at her I thought to myself: You are one lucky son of a bitch to have a girlfriend like Anik! And I was. Little did I know how lucky I was soon to become!

We had just finished a hand of cards when Tony climbed to his feet and fetched himself another beer. I looked over at Anik and saw her watching his ass as he walked across the kitchen. When she saw me watching her, Anik blushed a deep shade of red. I simply smiled. This was why we had come, after all, wasn't it? Holding her gaze, I arched one eyebrow inquisitively. She seemed to take my meaning at once. As Tony rejoined us, Anik dealt a fresh hand of cards.

"Let's play strip poker," she suggested.

Tony and I laughed and agreed.

Anik lost the first hand. As she laid her cards down on the floor, she glanced one last time toward me as though seeking my reassurance. I nodded silently, then watched as she sighed and began to pull her T-shirt over her head. Sitting next to me, Tony was watching her, too, but seeing a girl in a bra is very much like seeing them in a bikini. Anik's body was beautiful, as I have said, but the hint of what was underneath those clothes was a grand tease.

It was my turn to deal. At the end of the second hand, Tony was the loser. His T-shirt quickly joined Anik's in one corner of the room.

Hand number three. I lost. In second we had all stripped off our T's.

Anik lost the fourth hand. Tony and I watched as she peeled her cut-off denim shorts down her legs, revealing a pair of satiny white panties that matched her bra. I had lost count of how many times I had pulled those panties off her hips with my teeth. Anik giggled softly while she sat there in front of us.

She lost the fifth hand. Now it was serious. She could lose the bra and give us an eyeful of those perfect tits, or she could doff the panties and show us her pussy. Anik kept her pubic hair trimmed, but not shaved. It was dark and curly, just like the hair on her head. While Tony and I waited with breathless anticipation, Anik crossed her arms over her chest and unfastened her bra. Still hiding her tits from our view, she pulled the bra aside and cast it into the corner. For several seconds she remained motionless, then, finally, she dropped her arms. I heard Tony's lungs suck in a volume of air. Evidently he liked what he saw. I know I did. The temptation to reach over and caress Anik's breasts was almost overwhelming as I watched her nipples grow hard in the cool atmosphere of the living room.

The sixth hand went to Tony. I lost. My shorts joined the growing pile of clothes in the corner. I sat cross-legged, proudly displaying the pillar that had risen in my jockeys.

Anik lost the seventh hand. As she dropped her cards, I looked into her eyes. There was panic there, I realized, but she had set her mind to this afternoon's event, and with slow and deliberate movements she rose to her feet and bent over, peeling her satin panties down to her feet before kicking them aside. When she straightened her back, she stood naked before us, giving both myself and Tony a full frontal view of her sexy body. I glanced at Tony and smiled. He was staring at her as though he had never seen a naked woman before. Though he still wore his baggy jeans, I could see the bulge in his crotch.

"Your deal," Anik told him as she sat back down and pushed the cards his way.

Tony dealt. Anik lost.

"Um, I haven't got anything else to take off," she declared.

"So now what?" Tony wondered out loud.

I decided it was time to break the ice.

"Tony and I will play a hand. Whoever wins gets to demand one favour from Anik. Anything goes."

Tony's jaw just about hit the floor. I ignored him and continued to watch my girlfriend while she nodded slowly.

"You alright with that?" I asked.

Anik smiled at me, then at Tony. "Sure," she said. "Bring it on!"

I dealt the cards. In the end, though, it was Tony who won the hand.

"So what do you want?" I asked him.

For the first time since I had met him, Tony was at a loss for words.

"I don't know," he confessed.

I turned to Anik. "Why don't you show him how good you are with your mouth?"

Anik smiled as she rocked up onto her knees and crawled toward Tony. When she was directly in front of him, she reached for the button of his jeans and pulled it open. She lowered his zipper while staring straight into his eyes. When the jeans fell away, she slid her small hand under the waistband of his boxers and cupped his strengthening manhood in her palm.

"We wanted to invite you to join us," she said as she lowered her head toward his crotch, "but we didn't know how to ask."

Tony's eyelids fluttered closed when Anik slid her lips down onto his shaft. I knew from experience how wonderful she was at sucking cock, and as I sat there watching him, I couldn't help but pull my own jockeys down and begin stroking my dick. Anik's head bobbed up and down while she sucked Tony's cock. Her tongue swirled around his head, then slid out from between her lips and licked down the underside of his shaft toward his balls before she swept him into her mouth again. The sucking sounds were incredible. I could hear Tony moaning while Anik blew him.

"Oh my God!" Tony whispered hoarsely.

Suddenly, without warning, Anik pulled up and backed away from him. Turning toward me, she took my hand and rose to her feet, drawing me after her. As she started toward the bedroom, Anik motioned for Tony to follow us. He did, no questions asked.

Once in the bedroom, Anik quickly tore off the last of the clothing that Tony and I wore. There we stood, our poles at full attention while this dark-haired goddess knelt between us, grasping both of our rods in her hands. She stroked us together, then took turns sliding her lips down first Tony's shaft, then my own. I almost blew my load right then and there as she sucked my cock and fondled my balls, but before I could dump my cum into her mouth, Anik stood up and motioned toward the bed.

"Lie down," she instructed.

Tony and I were like little kids diving up onto the bed and flopping onto our backs. It was weird at first, lying side-by-side with another naked man, but as Anik crawled up between our legs and began sucking first one cock, then the other, my homophobia quickly vanished.

For several long minutes, Tony and I were treated to the best blowjobs Anik had ever given. Time and time again she brought us both to the brink of losing our minds, only to pull her mouth back and shift her attention to the other cock before her. Finally, when he could take it no longer, Tony jumped up and told Anik to lie down in his place. She did, and while I positioned myself near her head, Tony climbed between her legs and rammed his tongue into her pussy. Anik gasped in pleasure, then took hold of my cock, dangling above her face, and drew my shaft into her mouth once more. 

While Tony ate her cunt, I fucked my girlfriend's beautiful face. Anik reached up and grabbed my ass, pulling my hips into her face. I could tell she was extremely horny at this point. All fun and games were gone now. This girl wanted me to fuck her throat. I was more than happy to oblige. Thrusting my hips forward, I watched while Anik took every last inch of my shaft between her lovely lips. I pulled back, then pistoned forward, feeling the head of my prick nudge the back of her throat. Anik cocked her head back and grunted, urging me forward. I rocked back and pushed ahead. This time my shaft slid straight into her throat while Anik's lips closed around the base of my rod. She held me there, clutching my ass so that my balls were resting against her chin, while Tony tongued her pussy, driving himself into her. Anik squealed around my dick as she climaxed, rutting her hips into Tony's face and creaming her cunt juice all over his chin while he continued to lick her.

Finally, when her orgasm had subsided, she pushed me back so that my cock drew out of her mouth. Breathless now, she looked down at Tony and watched while he climbed up and positioned his cock at the entrance to her womb.

"Fuck me, Tony!" she demanded. "Fuck me hard!"

He did. I watched in erotic amazement as Tony's prick penetrated Anik's vagina. Tony's shaft was as long as my own, but with a distinctive upward bend. As he pushed into her cunt, his head stroked against Anik's G-spot and she cried out while she came a second time.

I sat back and watched while Tony fucked my girlfriend. Anik wrapped her legs around his back and rode him, pulling him down so that his mouth found her left breast and worked upon her nipple. Finally, when he was about to cum, she pushed him back and ordered me into his place. I fairly pounced upon her, driving my rock-hard cock into Anik's wet love tunnel and humping her for all I was worth. Tony's dick, raging for release, found Anik's mouth, but she only ran her tongue up and down the length of his cock without sucking him. Obviously she had something else in mind for his sperm.

As I neared the point of no return, I cried out, warning Anik I was about to cum. She ordered me off her. Once I was clear, she told Tony to lie down again. As he complied, she climbed over him, straddling his waist, and eased herself down onto his prick once more. Standing at the foot of the bed, I was afforded the most luscious view of Anik's ass as Tony's cock pumped and stretched her pussy lips open. Unable to resist, I climbed up behind her and took hold of her hips as I lined my cockhead up with her puckered rectum. Anik and I had talked about this. She had revealed a desire to have two cocks inside her at once, filling both holes. 

With pussy juice lubricating her asshole, I pressed the head of my shaft against her sphincter, then rocked my hips forward. My shaft went in with minimal resistance, so open and horny was my girlfriend. Anik threw her head back and gasped when I entered her. She fell still on Tony's cock for a moment while her body became accustomed to the double-penetration. Finally, once her ass had relaxed, she began to rock her body once more, fucking us both at once. As she leaned forward and pressed her mouth to Tony's mouth, I trust my hips ahead and buried my cock to the root in her ass.

We fucked like that for several minutes. I could felt he length of Tony's cock through the thin membrane that separated Anik's rectum from her vagina. The sensations she was experiencing must have been overwhelming, for Anik came at least twice while we were both inside her. Both times I felt her pussy and ass contract, milking our cocks, clutching us, inviting us to empty our balls inside her body. But neither Tony nor I came. We somehow managed to control ourselves. At last, exhausted for the moment, Anik pulled up off Tony's dick and I eased mine out of her ass. All three of us were bathed in sweat. The room smelled like musk: animal and deep. I thought Anik was done, but I was mistaken.

"Tony," she invited, "why don't you switch places with Shannon?"

He was on his knees in a flash. "I've never fucked anyone in the ass before," he admitted.

"It's great," I told him. "Tight and hotter than her pussy."

"But you have to go slow," Anik warned him. "Let me get used to it inside me before you start pumping."

She dropped back to all-fours and watched over one shoulder while Tony climbed up behind her, then lined up his dick with her ass. I watched breathlessly while his head slowly penetrated her sphincter. Anik sucked in a deep breath. I watched her wince in pain for a moment, then smile as Tony's head breached that ring of muscle. His cock, lubed by her cunt, slid into her without difficulty, filling her up.

"Oh, that's it!" Anik sighed. "Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Do it harder!"

Tony did. He grabbed hold of her hips and pulled her back into him until the very base of his shaft was buried in her hole. Anik rocked forward and backward violently. Tony pulled almost all the way out, then rammed home again. He kept this up for several seconds until I could tell he was about to cum.

"Not there!" Anik cried. "I want to taste it!"

Tony pulled out and threw himself down on the bed again. Anik immediately drove her lips down around his swollen shaft as his balls contracted. She bobbed her lips a total of three times before I watched Tony thrust his hips forward and empty his load into her mouth. What must have been a gallon of semen flowed into my girlfriend's mouth and coated her tongue. Though her throat constricted to swallow his stream, she could not handle it all and some leaked from the corners of her mouth. That was most erotic thing I have ever seen: my lover sucking another man's cock while cum and semen and sperm dribbled down his shaft. After Tony had exhausted his orgasm, Anik pulled up and smiled at him. Throwing her head back, she worked her throat again and swallowed what was left in her mouth. Finally, she opened her lips and stuck her tongue out, showing us she had indeed ingested it all.
