 There are many advantages to being a homeowner. But, It's a lot harder to keep a house clean than a rental apartment. We bought our house a couple of years ago and although money has been tight, we have a crew come once every three or four weeks to clean. I tried doing it on my own, almost every day for a year, but I just need help sometimes, and it's worth every penny. When we started having the crew come, I never would have imagined that one day I'd do what I did with the head girl, Tonya and her friend, Alex. 

Tonya is a 28-year-old pretty, busty, black girl with long, wavy hair that she usually keeps tied up. She's attractive even in the sweats and sneakers she wears while working. When she first started working for me, she'd come in with her mom and two or three other girls to help. It was amazing, with all five of them, the house would be spotless in an hour. They worked quickly and did a much more efficient job than I ever could! 

About five months after they'd been coming to clean, Tonya's mom stopped coming along. She'd let Tonya take over the business so she could ease into retirement. I really liked Tonya. In the one hour she was here she was pleasant, thorough and we'd often joke and share stories, and, I loved living vicariously through her single status life. We grew closer over the next few months and we often confided in each other. I didn't even realize that I was so attracted to her until, one day, after cleaning and story swapping; she suggested that we hang out one night and drink some wine. Without hesitation, I said "sure!" But then I wondered to myself "did she just hit on me?" I didn't think too much more about it and invited her to come hang out with me that coming Thursday night, when I knew my husband would be working late and the kids would be asleep.

That Thursday night came, and Tonya showed up right on time, at the door with a bottle of red wine in her hand and a smile on her face. She was wearing a pair of tight fitting jeans and a white tank top that revealed a tattoo on her upper, left breast. On her feet were open toe sandals and her hair was down and blown out. As I let her in the door I noticed she smelled really nice. And I blushed as I told her so. 

Tonya smiled and said: "Oh, I just showered. I wanted to be nice and fresh for you." Immediately at that point, I realized she was flirting with me and although it was somewhat unexpected, I loved that. I was wearing a brown cotton, sleeveless, deep V-neck dress and was barefoot. My hair was down but still a little damp from the shower I had just taken. 

"You smell really nice, too." She said and I thanked her and took her by the hand into the kitchen. I also thanked her for the wine and asked if we should order some Italian food to eat with it. "Sure, that sounds great" she replied and remarked "I'm starving"! I take the wine and two glasses out from the cabinet and grab the bottle opener from the drawer and ask her to get us started while I find the menu. She smiled broadly and said, "I'll be happy to take care of that if you order me some Chicken Parmesan, please". I smile and say: that sounds really good, maybe I'll get some salad and pasta to go along with it". She winked and said "Yum". 

We each had two glasses of wine and some very interesting conversation before the food arrived. She told me that she's bisexual and I told her that I related. I confided that I'd always been attracted to people that are self confident and sexy, no matter their gender. Then, she came right out and told me she's attracted to me! I almost fell out of my chair- in shock because I hadn't felt sexy in a long time. Luckily, there was a knock at the door to distract me and I grabbed my wallet to pay for the delivery and quickly went to the door. 

Now, the delivery guy has always had a crush on me. Again, I wasn't sure why but I always noticed him flirting every time we ordered pizza. I never acted on it because my husband was always home when we ordered. It crossed my mind to invite him in but I really wanted to get back to my spicy conversation with Tonya. I paid the delivery guy and he said "Thank you, Miss. I hope to see you again soon". I thought: hmm, maybe one day..." and took the bag of food over to the kitchen table where Tonya was opening the second bottle of wine I put out. 

I took the food out of the bag, grabbed some plates and utensils and took a big sip of wine. And when I turned around to face Tonya, she stood up and kissed me on the mouth. Our lips parted and she pulled me in closer to her. I slid my tongue into her mouth and I felt her two tongue rings. I always knew she had piercings and our next conversation would tell me just how many she had and where she had them. 

We disengaged and sat down, each smiling and I was parched. I said, "I need some water. Can I get you some too?" "Yes, please" She remarked and added, "I'm going to get started on this food, I'm hungry". "Please help yourself," I said; and she replied: "don't worry, I will!"

We ate quickly and chatted some more. I found out how many tattoos she had and where she had them. I especially loved the tiger above her left hip. She also told me her tongue rings were great for eating pussy. I blushed and said, "I hope to find out some time". 

Tonya looked me in the eyes and said, "I think you will find out, and I think you'll love it". 

Just as we were finished eating and the atmosphere was seemingly closing in on the two of us, we hear the buzz of the garage door opening. Our evening would have to end. My husband was home. 

Sadly, my husband is not sexually adventurous and he would never understand or participate in a threesome. In the past, he's told me he'd leave me before watching me have sex with anyone else. That used to be okay for me, but now, that mind-set has left me feeling unfulfilled. 

My husband walks in from the garage door entry and says hi to Tonya and me but then complains that he's tired as he starts to unbutton his shirt and walk upstairs. As he walks away, he asks me to fix him some of the Italian Food to eat in the living room while he catches up on TV. 

"Umm, okay." I say and start to make him a plate. I frown. 

Tonya looks at me and says, "how about we do this another time?" I smile and tell her I would like that.

I spend the rest of the night feeling elated by Tonya, and defeated by my husband but not defeated enough to take another shower so I can pleasure myself thinking about her and the delivery guy and me... and I hold the hand held shower device between my loins and slowly raise the water temperature and switch on the massage setting. My husband is oblivious while I orgasm in the bathroom, fantasizing about a continuation of my exciting evening. I cum really hard against the shower wall, as the pulsating, hot water rinses my juices away. I'm satisfied but I can't wait till the next time Tonya comes around. 

Nearly three weeks roll by and Tonya's mom calls me to set up the next cleaning appointment. I schedule the appointment for the late afternoon on the upcoming Tuesday because I have errands to run in the morning and I want the house to be as clean as possible by the time my husband gets home from work. The closest time they have is 3:30pm, which I think is very accommodating. 

Tonya is always punctual and this appointment was no exception. She rings the doorbell at 3:25 and I scramble to answer, as the kids are running around me. I open the front door and notice instead of the usual three girls with her, there are two girls and a guy. 

"This is my friend, Alex." Tonya introduces and explains: one of the girls called out sick today, so Alex is being a good best friend and helping us out today.

I smile and look up his tall frame and say "nice to meet you, Alex". He's slender, but built, and has big hands. And, I imagine he has a big dick to match. He smiles back and heads in with the rest of the crew and they set to work while I try to contain the kids. I think to myself: this would have been a good time to use a babysitter!

Tonya is cleaning the kitchen while I'm straightening up, and getting toys off the floor. She looks at me and says, "You know, you're the last one on our shift. Can me and Alex hang out after we're done?" 

I'm a little taken aback but I think out loud, "My husband has another meeting tonight, if I can get in touch with the sitter, it might work out". 

"Good." She says in agreement. Then adds "When we're done here, we'll drop the girls off and come back if you can get the sitter by then". 

"I'll see what I can do" I say, knowing the sitter is only a few blocks away and will give the kids dinner for me at her house. I call the sitter to confirm and then I confirm with Tonya. 

"Good, we'll be back in a half hour." She says to me, then, leaves with Alex and the girls. 

The front door closes and I scramble to get the kids over to the sitter. I try to remain calm and thank the sitter at her door, while getting the kids inside, for helping out at the last minute while I get some quiet time to myself. No questions asked. Great. I get back to the house with a few minutes to spare so I run up to the bathroom, slip off my jeans and wash my pussy in the bathtub and freshen up as best I can in the little time I have. I jump in a fresh pair of lacy, grey panties, pull my jeans back on and change my top to something clean and comfortable, a classic black tee shirt. 

Just as I finish pulling myself together, I hear a knock at the door. My heart races for a minute then I remind myself that my husband's working late and the kids are at the sitter for another hour and a half. I try my best to calm down but I'm surely flushed when I let Tonya and Alex back in. 

"How about something to drink?" I ask and Alex asks "how bout some vodka?" "Okay," I say "but I don't have a lot of time and I'm not drinking". 

"No problem" Tonya says "but I could use a drink after this long day, and then there's something we should take care of".

"Okay" I say, coyly, and then head over to the liqueur cabinet and retrieve an open bottle of vodka and two highball glasses. Then I head over to the fridge to get some juice and ice cubes. I mix up some drinks for them and hand them to Alex and Tonya. 

They take the drinks and then Alex's phone rings. He says: "excuse me" and goes into the other room to answer it. 

Tonya turns to me, drink in hand and asks me to check out the bedroom with her. I nod and lead her upstairs with me. She assures me, not to worry, Alex will be up soon. We walk through my bedroom door and immediately; we start to make out with each other. As she's kissing me, I stick my right hand in the middle of her pants and then she sits me down on the bed. She puts her drink down and lays me back and then she tells me to unbutton my jeans. I do as she tells me. Then, she pulls my jeans off by tugging at them from my thighs, then ankles. I sit up and reach to take her tee shirt off, and she pulls it off her head. She's wearing a pink, underwire bra and again, she leans me back, and this time, she pulls off my lacy panties. 

"Very nice" she remarks at my completely waxed bikini area.

I scoot back on the bed and then she comes halfway on the bed too, and puts her face between my legs. As she spreads my outer lips with her fingers, Alex walks through the door. I look up to see a huge smile on his face and a stiffening bulge in his b-ball shorts. I signal for him to come to me and he eagerly obliges. As he approaches me, I release his monster cock from his shorts and sit up a bit to put it in my mouth, all while she's going down on me.

Alex's dick is so big, I can barely get much more than it's head in my mouth, so I take it out to stroke and lick along his shaft. As I lick and suck Alex, Tonya is licking and sucking my labia, slowly, encircling closer towards my clit. I gasp for air as she inserts an index finger from each hand into my hot hole simultaneously. Alex reaches his hand in back of my head and helps me take him further in my mouth. He then reaches under my shirt to slip it off over my head and I release his cock from my suction. I let him take off my shirt and then I unfasten my black, satin bra. My large breasts fall out and Alex quickly massages each one gently, intermittently, while I resume licking under his dick and balls. 

I signal to Tonya that I want her to move up, so I can eat her out. Understanding my desire, immediately, she just shrugs and says, "I can't this week" as she looks up from my wet, throbbing snatch. Then without missing a beat, she gets her lovely mouth back to work on my clit and I feel a climax approach. I start to gag on Alex's cock while she makes me quiver and contract all the muscles in my body- simultaneously releasing an orgasm.

Alex smiles, looking down on all this. Then, as Tonya raises her head from my wet cunt, Alex puts his hand behind her head and motions for her to relieve me from blowing his massive unit. She obliges and scoots up so we're both head to head at his cock and we start sucking him simultaneously. 

Tonya grabs Alex's left hand and guides his long fingers into my pussy as I lay on my back, spread eagle. He fingers me hard, as Tonya's taking her turn sucking him and then I feel my eyes and head roll back as I'm nearly ready to cum again. 

Alex says "I want to fuck you so bad". But I tell him I can't. Instead, I get my hand around his shaft while Tonya's hand cups his sack and we jerk him off till his creamy, white cum shoots all inside my mouth in several spurts and drips down my chin while I await one more satisfying climax myself.

"Oh fuck!" I yell as Tonya finishes masturbating me with her tongue, and I cum inside her mouth. She laps it up and my lower half shakes as those kinky piercings hit my sensitive, sex. 

We all look at each other and smile.

I glance over at the clock, which now says 6:26 and state: "Oh, fuck. The kids will be back soon". 

Tonya looks at me, smiles and assures me not to worry; they have to get going too. In a flash, Alex's dressed again and he quietly heads down stairs. 

Tonya slips her top back on as I refasten my bra and pull up my panties. She kisses me and says, "I had a good time, thanks for having us. I love you". 

I smile, kiss her back and finish dressing and lead her downstairs. 

I show Tonya and Alex out the front door and thank them for coming. They assure me once again that they had a lot of fun too. Then, they leave. 

Not five minutes after Alex and Tonya are gone, the sitter is back at the door with the kids who are ready to take a bath and get to bed. 

Wow, that was really close! I thought. And it was a special set of circumstances not likely to happen again anytime soon. Still, I love when Tonya comes around to clean. That's my girl.