 She was angry when she left the office and got into her car that Friday afternoon. Why her boss was making her go to review business records with a lesser known client she had never met before at 4:00 in the afternoon was beyond her. Since her boyfriend was gone, all she wanted to do was go home, take a warm bath, sign on to her computer, and have a little fun with her new online pal that she had recently met whose words would make her nice and damp and cause her to begin typing with one hand while the other played at the spot that brought her so much pleasure. Instead, she had to go to this stupid meeting. She had to admit that one of the reasons she was mad was not so much that she had to do the work, but that she wanted to go home and play. 

Face it, she thought, "You are a horny little bitch and since your boyfriend is not home to give you a good hard fuck, you were hoping for a little online release."

When she arrived at the client's office she learned that it was a small business that did lab analyses for people who wanted to be tested for sexually transmitted diseases. By the time she got to the main business office, most everyone was gone. She was led into a small conference room. There she met Alan, a lawyer, who was one of the investors and appeared to be the leader, Bill who was head of finance, Tony who was from marketing, and Jack who was from operations. As Alan explained what they did, he also mentioned, as an aside, that, as part of the program, everyone who works at their company had to get tested. 

With a teasing smile he said, "And, by the way, we all passed with a clean bill of health." 

Could he read her mind? Again, she did not know if it was because she was so very horny or something else, but she found all four men very attractive. Alan was in his early 40's, about 5' 8", with beautiful brown eyes, wearing an impeccably tailored suit. Bill was tall and slim with light brown hair, Tony was blond and boyish, and Jack was black, about 5' 10", with caramel colored skin.

Alan started the meeting by stating that, while the business was growing and successful, they were not making any money and they wanted her to review their books and tell them why. While he seemed very pleasant, he was also the leader and was direct and matter of fact. The other men gave him deference. After reviewing some of the materials and answering some of her initial questions, the men left her to review the business documents. 

As he was leaving, Alan stated, "We will be down the hall in the lounge watching the basketball game. If you have any questions, please come down and ask."

After about an hour of reviewing the documents (which should have taken only about thirty minutes, but Candi's mind kept wandering, thinking about what each of the men would be like in bed), Candi went down the hall to ask a few questions. The door was open and the men invited her in. They were watching the basketball game on a big flat screen TV on the wall and drinking beers. Candi sat down on the couch with Alan as the men muted the TV. She could tell he was attracted to her by the way he looked at her and touched her arm when he spoke to her. She asked her questions and got her answers. 

As she was about to leave, Jack asked her if she wanted a beer. 

"No, thanks, I am still on the clock, " she replied, "By the way, how is the game?" 

Tony said it was a rout and getting boring. 

With that, Candi walked back to the conference room. After about another forty-five minutes, she had done all she could do there and needed to take the files back to her office to finish. She packed her materials and went down the hall to tell the men. It was late now and the place was deserted.

Candi walked down the corridor, but, this time, the door was closed. Since they invited her in last time, Candi did not knock, but went right in. To her amazement, the men were no longer watching the basketball game. Instead, on the big flat screen was a beautiful blonde with huge tits that were obviously store bought. However, what she was doing was amazing! This woman was straddling one guy, riding his cock like a sex-starved cowgirl on the range, while another cock was deep down her throat. Also, there was another man behind her, thrusting in and out of her very shapely ass. The woman was moaning deeply, obviously enjoying herself. 

Candi was mesmerized by what she saw and did not know how to react. Neither did the men. They were in too much shock to pause it, mute it, or turn it off. 

Finally, in what were probably a few seconds, but seemed like hours, Alan spoke up, "Um, uh, sorry, Candi, the basketball game got really boring so we thought we would watch something a little more exciting. I hope we did not offend you. Have you ever seen a porn movie before? You are welcome to watch with us if you want to."

Candi paused, still not knowing how to react. She had seen skin flicks before, but not one quite like this. The image on the screen turned her on very much and she could feel her silk thong start to dampen. 

"Can I have a beer?" she asked. 

"Sure," Bill replied. 

"Come sit by me on the couch and watch the rest of the movie," Alan said. 

As Bill handed her a beer and she sat down on the couch next to Alan, she quickly scanned the faces of the other men. They were all too embarrassed to look at her so they kept focusing on the screen. She could tell that all of them had delicious hard-ons, especially Jack, who looked like he had a lead pipe hiding in his pants.

As the scene progressed, Candi sat quietly next to Alan, dranking her beer. The blonde in the film was so lucky, getting fucked like that. She loved watching that cock disappear into her ass and the other cock into her pussy. Her face was getting fucked the same way. Watching this made Candi hot as hell and it was all she could do to stop from reaching down and stroking her own clit.

Soon she realized that Alan had gotten a little closer to her and had his hand on her thigh. 

"Are you enjoying this?" he asked. 

She turned to him and, as he stared deep into her eyes, she stammered in a whisper, "Yes." 

"Me too," he said, "but I am more of a doer than a watcher."

With that, he leaned over and passionately kissed her. Candi kissed back, letting their tongues dance in each other's mouths, seeing Alan's ring and knowing he was married, but feeling that she was beyond all that now. All Candi knew was that she wanted to take the place of that lusty, lucky woman on the screen and that there were four anxious hungry cocks in this room who were probably all too willing to accommodate her.

As he kissed her, Alan slowly began removing Candi's clothes. As he nibbled gently on her neck, he unbuttoned her pink blouse, feeling her beautiful 36D breasts that were aching to be released. Fortunately, her lacy, light pink bra unclasped in the front and soon her big boobs were free. Alan was then licking them and sucking her sensitive, pert nipples as if his life depended on it. 

Soon her navy knee-length skirt was unzipped. The porn had been turned off by this time and the other guys were watching Alan and her. Someone had turned on background music, and as Alan helped her off with her light pink silk thong while keeping her light pink matching lace top stockings on, he turned to the other men, "Gentlemen, this lovely lady needs our help, if you would be so kind as to remove all your clothes." 

That was all the prompting it took and, as Candi sat there on the sofa in the buff, all four men stripped all their clothes off as fast as humanly possible. 

Alan had a nice, thick cock matted in dark hair. Bill's cock was like his build, long and slim. Tony's cock was average. Candi then looked over at Jack. Damn, what a monster!! It had to be at least 9 inches long. All Candi could think about at that moment was how she could not wait to stuff that into her holes. Alan then led Candi to the center of the room and made her kneel. Then all four men circled around her. 

Candi was in heaven, lost in complete lust, as she turned round and round, touching, stroking, licking, and sucking each of their rock hard cocks. They were all delicious and each had a drop of pre-cum on it that she dutifully licked off. Each tasted different and she loved them all. She gagged on Jack's big dick and he backed off a little, allowing her to enjoy just milking the dark head. Her tongue twirled around each shaft, her lips kissed each head, and her throat devoured each of them hungrily. After about 15 minutes of this loving oral action, Alan helped her up to her feet and the men closed in on her. 

They pinched and sucked her now rock hard nipples, licked her neck and ears, grabbed her ass, rubbed her swollen clit, and fingered her back door. Fingers were probing her pussy and their musty smell was intoxicating. Candi closed her eyes, melting in orgasmic delight. She could not believe that she already came and no one had been inside her yet.

Soon she was back down on her knees, looking at Alan's delicious cock as it was poised in front of her lips. She opened wide and hungrily swallowed the whole thing. Alan slowly and perfectly fucked her face, allowing her saliva to drip all over his cock as she sucked fervently at it. Then she felt Bill behind her, positioning his cock at her pussy. Candi backed up a little and wiggled her ass, signaling to Bill that her cunt was aching for his dick.With that invitation, Bill slid his cock into her pussy and, after a few false starts, he and Alan got the rhythm down so that as Alan's cock left her mouth, Bill was impaling her snatch. Back and forth they thrusted into her. Candi was lost in the lust of it all, moaning and whimpering at the same time, as these men fucked her mouth and pussy simultaneously.

Finally, Candi could tell by the urgency of Alan's thrusts that he was about to cum and she was almost at the edge, too! 

She started to suck Alan harder as Bill began to rub her clit faster while he thrust his stone hard dick in and out of her wet cunt. Before too long, Candi could not hold it any longer and she screamed, "YESSSS! OH, FUCK ME, YES!" as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure shook her body. 

Her passionate screaming was all that was necessary to push Alan over the edge, as he let out a loud grunt and shot a huge load of cum into her waiting mouth. Candi caught most of it in her mouth while the rest splashed onto her face. As soon as Alan's cock stopped spewing spunk, Bill let out a whimper and Candi felt his long, slender cock splash the insides of her soaking, wet cunt with his hot sperm.

Before she could catch her breath, Jack and Tony were on the floor with her. Jack laid down and Candi gazed lovingly at his enormous rod, all for her to ride. She squatted over his cock, with her ass facing his face, reverse cowgirl style, as Tony stood in front of her. She held her pussy lips poised over Jack's horse dick and, using her right hand, guided its tip into her waiting, dripping pussy. Fuck, that huge cock felt good! She started to move up and down on his monster without her body actually touching his. The only contact between them was his cock thrusting in and out of her slippery wet hole. After a few minutes of enjoying just part of his big penis, Candi slid her tight vagina all the way down his pleasure shaft as her ass finally met his groin and their skin touched for the first time since he entered her.

Just like the woman in the video, she then proceeded to ride his gigantic dick faster and harder like a horny cowgirl while Tony fed her his cock. Jack had his big hands on her ass, pushing her up and down. On and on they went, until this time her pussy was filled first by Jack's cock pumping load upon load of sweet spunk into her. This brought Candi to another orgasm, but her screams and moans were stifled as Tony stuffed his meat all the way down her throat, so she would not spill a drop as he fed her his man-juice. Candi rolled off Jack and laid on her back on the floor, panting in pure animal lust. She wanted more cock and nothing but cock. She wanted to stay and get fucked by these four guys all night until she had her fill of delicious dick. 

Alan stood above her and said, "Gentlemen, this young energetic lady is amazing! However, there is one part of her we have yet to partake and, if you guys don't mind, I think I will have that for myself." 

Candi did not need any coaxing or instructions as she turned over and got on all fours, with her ass jutting up toward Alan. "Fuck it, baby! Fuck my tight ass! I want your cock deep in my butthole!"

Alan wet his fingers with his spit, then got them even slicker by sticking them into her pussy which was wet with her own juices and sticky gooey cum, and began playing with her little, puckered asshole, slowly inserting one, then two fingers. He withdrew them, stuck them back in her cunt, and then took them back out to massage her asshole again. 

"Fuck me in the ass, baby, " Candi cooed. 

With that request, Alan poised his thick cock at the portal of her back door and pushed the head into her asshole. 

"All of it," Candi screamed. "I want more! Fuck my ass, baby!" she pleaded. 

On that order, Alan plunged his cock all the way into her ass. At first, he began slowly, with long strokes moving in and out of her ass. Then he picked up the tempo and began furiously fucking her in the ass. Candi pushed her hips back with every stroke to meet the full thrust of Alan's cock and, the instant he reached around and touched her clit, she came hard again. 

"Cum all over my ass," she commanded and, with the last loud slap of his balls against her ass, Alan pulled out, spurting streams of cum all over the crack of her ass.

Watching all this hot action made the other three men very, very hard again. Candi was ready, willing, and wanted them all. Bill laid on the floor and she slowly squatted onto his cock like she did for Jack. She faced Bill in the typical cowgirl position and let him squeeze her big tits and pinch her pointy nipples. Tony got behind her and, with no more lubrication needed thanks to Alan's wet, sticky spunk, slid his cock easily into her ass. Finally, Jack stood to Candi's right and she grabbed his horse cock and started to lick its swollen mushroom head. He pushed his huge snake further into her mouth and her cheeks puffed in and out while she sucked mightily and hungrily on his dick. The double penetration drove her wild. She had never experienced anything like that before and orgasm after orgasm hit her. 

When Jack came, she felt as if a cum faucet had been turned on in her mouth, but she managed to lap up every drop of his tasty sperm. Right after Jack shot cum down her throat Tony came in her ass, pulled out, and shot hot cum on both her cheeks. Jack moved away after his dick had been licked clean by Candi and Tony stood up and backed off after massaging and moisturizing Candi's ass with his cum. Bill then rolled her over onto her back and climbed on top of her. He pulled her legs up onto his shoulders, slid his entire shaft into her cunt, and started to furiously pound away like a jackhammer. He went at this unbelievable pace for about five minutes when he suddenly pulled out, stood up, and emptied a huge wad all over her tits, face, and hair.

For the next two hours, Candi was enjoying pure hedonistic, lustful pleasure because as soon as one cock shot its load somewhere in her or on her, another stiff one took its place. Candi always had at least one cock in her at any one time, whether it be in her ass, mouth, or pussy. Each men came at least four times and they all had a chance to cum in each of her precious holes. Candi actually lost count of how many times she actually came during the intercourse of the evening. When it was all over, Candi lay on her back on the floor in the middle of the room, exhausted, but very satisfied. She was drenched in cum; it was all over her, in her hair, on her tits, on her face, on her ass, on her legs, and oozing from her pussy and ass. 

She badly needed to clean up and Alan led her down the hall to the bathroom where there was a shower. She was walking with him on very weak legs from all the orgasms she had had during the night's sex session and he was helping her by carrying her clothes and giving her someone to lean on. He left her in the shower and, as she let the warm water wash over her body, she closed her eyes, smiled, and ran through her mind's eye the events that had unfolded and all the wild things she had just done. It made her very hot again and she wanted to touch herself, but her pussy was way too sore.

After she got dressed, she slowly and gingerly walked back down the hall to the lounge. Alan was the only guy left and he escorted her to her car. 

"Thank you for such a delightful evening! We all enjoyed ourselves very much! However, I still expect that report to be on my desk by the close of business on Monday." 

With that remark, he grinned, gave her a loving pat on her well-ridden ass, and sauntered off.

When Candi got home, she fell into a deep, peaceful sleep. She could not wait to tell her new online friend about her experience, but that would have to wait for another day...