 After many years of trying to keep up with it, my wife and I hired a Brazilian couple to come and clean our house once a week. They were young, eager, and inexpensive, so we decided it was an affordable luxury, and went for it. They come on Friday mornings, so the house is clean for the weekend, and nobody gets in their way while they are working. As they don't speak much in the way of English, I hadn't really gotten to know them well, although they were quite friendly. Fernando had been a pilot in Brazil and was clearly well educated, as well as fit and good looking. Graziella was a petite little thing, with a big smile, big boobs and a nicely curving figure. We usually just smiled, exchanged pleasantries as best wee could, and went on about our business.

One day, as part of my ramp up for training for an upcoming triathlon, I had been for an early morning workout to beat the heat, and then gone straight to my office, which is in an outbuilding on our property. I did a couple of hours work, and then headed in to take a shower, having forgotten that today was a cleaning day. I went upstairs, showered away my sweat, and was standing in the bathroom naked when Graziella walked around the corner and into the room. I'm not quite sure whether she knew I was going to be there or not, but I was certainly surprised, all the more so since when she walked in she became in between me and my towel, and I had grown about half a woody in the shower. 

"Oh, excuse me!" I said as she turned towards me, seeing me for the first time. "I forgot it was Friday!" She smiled, and mumbled some apology, but continued on her task of cleaning, having not failed to notice, and dwell for a moment, on my swollen cock. "Um, do you think you could hand me my towel there?" I said, pointing to where it lay next to her on the corner of the sink. 

"Oh, not to worry. I see this before!" She laughed, gestured towards my cock, and continued to clean the sink. I began to panic a bit, imagining Fernando walking in to help while I stood naked with his wife and half a hard-on. So I just walked out of the bathroom to the closet, where I quickly dressed, and went back to work. Later, when I paid them, Fernando mentioned that Graziella had found me showering, and that I seemed happy to see her! I blushed a bit, and started to stammer out an apology, but he stopped me, quickly.

"Not to worry," she said with a smile and sincerity. "She has seen this all before. You don't worry – she like!" More laughter, then "And, you know, she happy, I happy, you know?" We laughed some more, I relaxed, I mentioned the changing training schedule and they left.

Graziella, I should add, was dressed for the weather when she was working that day, weather that would achieve a high temperature of about 95 for the day, with complete sunshine and humidity. So she was wearing a spaghetti strapped t-shirt with, I think, no bra, and a pair of tight gym shorts. She was tanned, lithe and lean, and the thoughts of her like that gazing at my cock so casually cause my erection to grow and remain for much of the rest of the day.

Just for fun, I made a point of hitting the same schedule the next week. This time, when I turned off the water and went t get my towel, she was standing there and handed it to me. What the hell, I thought, and took it from her with a smile. I figured, if they were cool with this, and I was such an exhibitionist, who was I to complain? Graziella this week, with similar heat, was wearing a bikini top and tiny little shorts – the kind where the bottom of a firm asses woman's cheeks actually stick out the bottom. She cleaned and smiled, I dried myself off and watched, and was soon completely hard.

When she saw that, she said something to the effect of "ooo la la!" (I do have a long, thick cock), and then walked over to where I was drying off, and motioned for me to stay where I was. 

"Fernando!" She said, in what wasn't so much of a yell as it was a command. Again, a moment of panic, as I thought of Fernando kicking my ass from here to Brazil, but I stayed where I was told, albeit somewhat surprised at the proceedings. But nowhere near as surprised as when Fernando came around the corner from the bedroom equally naked, with a smile on his face.

"Um, excuse me," I said, with some level of nervousness, "I don't think I got the memo here..."

"Ah, do not worry," said Fernando. "Graziella like me to suck your cock." He paused for a moment. "This you would mind? She make it good for you." And gestured to Graziella, who in response pulled the string that held up her bikini top, causing her tits to absolutely jump out of it. A quick wiggle of her hips, and she was naked.

I confess, this was a somewhat novel situation for me, but not a point of first impression. I had played with men before, in high school and college. But that was a long time ago, and I was a little, as they say, out of the loop. But I'm also a hedonist, and pretty guiltless, and I do love a good blowjob. So I somewhat silently nodded my consent.

Graziella motioned for Fernando to kneel in front of me, which he did, and immediately took the full length of my cock in his mouth (It occurred to me that he had done this before, maybe a few time?). I moaned in consent, and he began the process, in and out, up and down. He'd lick my balls, from time to time, with an occasional hint of tongue near my ass. And as I got into the rhythm, she stopped him, and motioned for both of us to head to the bedroom.

She instructed Fernando to lay flat on his back on the bed, with his head over the side, where he dropped his head back and again opened his mouth. Again, I dropped my cock in, and he slurped and sucked again, this time making his interest in my ass clearer, drilling his tongue up me from time to time (please notice my lack of objection). Fernando was now hard as a rock himself, a substantially smaller cock, yet clearly rock hard, standing nearly straight up as he lay on his back. As he sucked harder and pulled me towards him, I motioned to Graziella that I was going to cum, and she made a gesture with her hand to make it clear that I was to do so. I dumped a complete, heavy load into Fernando's mouth, and she stood by saying "Si, Si! Yess, cum his mouth! Si!" Eventually, I popped free of his grip, and stood there, my cock drooling.

"You like," she asked me?

I was sweating, head to toe, had just emptied my balls with a series of grunts and facial contortions into her husband, and was grinning from ear to ear. "Yes," I said, "I like. He's very good!"

"Yes," she said. "But I think I punish him – he miss some!" And she leaned over to relieve my half flaccid cock of a big drop of cum with her own mouth.

"You lay down – rest." She motioned to the far side of the bed, and I obliged. As I lay there, she sat on Fernando's face, and he busied himself pleasing her with his tongue and fingers. As I watched her riding his face, and his cock bouncing in the air, I realized that I was hard again in less time than it took for him to bring her off, with her twisting her nipples, and going on and on in Portuguese about something. She came in a bucking frenzy on Fernando's head, and then rolled off him, eying my now hard cock.

"Ahh, I see you now rested!" She crawled over to me, and lay on top of me, soon slipping my cock into her intensely wet, yet surprisingly tight, pussy. And not thirty seconds after her orgasm on Fernando's face, she started riding me with true Latin passion, cumming again in about a minute. She rolled over on her back, and pulled me into her, her legs high, her eyes locked on mine.

"You are having fun," She asked? "I have made this worth it for you?" I thrust my assent into her as hard as I could a few times, with a smile on my face, and then rested a moment, moving just gently as the warmth and flowing wetness of her surrounded my very happy cock.

And then, I felt Fernando again, stroking my ass with his finger, which he had lubed. First one finger, then two, then three, around my opening, in a bit, in a bit more, a longer finger rubbing my prostate. And when the fingers went away, I knew what was coming. Fernando's cock was so thin that it slipped in without a moment's hesitation, just exactly the right size to stimulate the nerves of the opening, and massage the prostate. And he knew how to move – as I moved in and out of his wife, he matched me, so that he went in as I came out, and the other way around.

I looked down at her tits, flopping in rhythm with us, her smile, her pussy, and my cock. In the mirror, I could see Fernando and his cock riding me, a hand on my nipple, a hand on my balls. And I came. Lots. I've never really felt such intensity with such stimulation – cock in pussy, a cock in my ass, nipples and balls dealt with, visual stimulation complete. I dumped a bucket into her, and as I did, my ass pulsed around Fernando doing the same into me.

I really enjoy Fridays now. They don't really even bother to pretend about starting the cleaning when they get to the house any more. We just start out by fucking each other's brains out. Graziella is the most oversexed person I've ever experienced in my life. We have had times where they start the day as above, we shower and I go to work, and when they are done cleaning, she will come out to my office and suck me off, or ask me to do her against the desk. I confess to having insisted that we give them a raise pretty regularly, and they seem eager to stay with us. Thank God.