 You had just climbed into the car and said hello when you looked at me with a smile. "So what kind of surprise do you have planned for me tonight?" you asked.

"Baby, I think you are getting to know me too well," I said, "I think tonight we are going to check out a strip club." You just smiled as your mind filled with erotic thoughts of sharing some sights of beautiful women with me. When we pulled up in front of the male strip club, though, your eyes showed that you were truly surprised.

I parked the car and walked over to the passenger side to let you out. I took your arm as we walked towards the club and through the doors. There was no music playing, which you felt was odd and the club was silent as if there was no crowd. As we walked in to the club, you soon saw why. I knew many of the dancers there and I had planned an evening for you. Before your eyes on the stage was a large bed and surrounding it were about 15 of the dancers, all completely nude except for masks on their faces. You immediately felt a rush running through your body, not even knowing what I had planned.

I walked you up the steps to the stage. Nobody said a word. They just looked at us as they stood around the bed. I guided you to the foot of the bed and turned you to face all of them. "Baby, I have to undress you," I said as I reached around and started to unbutton your blouse. I think you were in shock, staring at all of the wonderful bodies in front of you watching me undress you and thinking of what was to come. I quickly rid you of your clothes and stood up behind you again to let you know what was happening.

"This is called the sacrifice," I said, "Do you see that man at the head of the bed?" I saw you nod as you looked over the most muscular and powerful of the 15 men whose cock was already massive without even being hard. "He is The Dom," I said, "I offer you to him to do as he pleases with you for the evening and he sacrifices you to the group of men." Your knees became weak at the realization of this. You had fantasized about a gang bang before, but this was beyond anything you had dreamed. The setting and the selection of amazingly hot men were beyond any fantasy you could have had.

As I nodded my head to The Dom he walked over and took my place behind you. I moved off of the stage and pulled up a chair off the stage at the foot of the bed to watch the events unfold. You trembled a little at the touch of this large, powerful man as he grabbed you by the shoulders and led you over to the side of the bed. The men on that side parted and allowed you to walk up to the side of the bed. The Dom then leaned over to your ear, "Get on the bed on your hands and knees," he ordered in a deep rough voice.

You did as he asked, getting down on the bed on all fours facing the end of the bed. I saw The Dom quickly follow after you getting on his knees behind you. He grabbed his amazingly thick, roughly veined cock, placing at your already wet pussy and slowly guided himself inside of you. As you were facing me I could see your eyes widen in amazement as you adjusted to his massive size. As he slowly started to move inside you, he began to speak. "Gentlemen, he said, "this gorgeous piece of ass has been given to me this evening to use as I like, so I am going to fuck her here, in front of all of you, then she belongs to all of you to fuck in whatever way you want. Or let her suck your cocks or even fuck her ass, if you care to."

Suddenly you felt his powerful hands grab you around the hips. He started to fuck you with longer and harder strokes with his impossibly hard cock as he spoke to you directly. "Look around you," he said, "look at all of these men. Each of them will have you tonight in whatever manner they please. Look at all those cocks getting hard watching me fuck you. You're going to have every one of those cocks inside you one way or another." You felt your pussy gripping down on him even harder as a rush of wetness came from deep within you. The idea of being gang banged like this was filling you with a desire unlike anything you had ever felt before.

The Dom felt you getting hotter and wetter around his massive cock. He drove deep inside you with one long hard thrust and stayed there, slowly grinding himself inside your pussy. You could feel his thighs moving in circles against your ass. "You like this don't you," he said, "you're a hot little slut wanting to fuck all of these men." He pulled out and thrust himself in again with a force that almost took your breath away. "Well we have another little surprise for you as well," he said as he motioned to me to go to the door.

I knew what was coming because I had helped him to set it up as well. I went to the door and opened it to the people who had gathered outside. As he continued to fuck you from behind couple after couple filled the club, all of them with video cameras. As they all found spots in various places around the club, The Dom spoke loud enough for all to hear. "I want you all to enjoy this show," he said, "this little bitch that I'm fucking right now is going to be gang banged tonight and I want you all to see it. I want you to record it. Hell, I want you all to fuck each other while you watch. Whatever you want." As he finished he bent over you again so you could feel his breath on the back of your neck. "So how do you like this," he said, "not only are you our gang bang slut for the night, but you're going to be all of these people's personal porn star."

No sooner had he said the words than your first orgasm of the night rocketed through your body. All of us heard you scream out as your pussy absolutely clenched the massive cock inside you. At that point The Dom was starting to lose it as well. He grabbed you hard, digging his hands into your ass and started to fuck you wildly from behind. "Okay everybody," he said, "let's get this party started. I 'm about to fills this little slut's pussy with my hot cum and after that it's a free for all."

You heard him start to grunt loudly with each stroke and you felt his cock getting harder and harder inside of you. Suddenly you felt yourself being lifted up so that your knees were no longer on the bed. With his massive strength he had grabbed you around the hips and pulled you up in the air, using his arms to slam you back against him over and over again. You could not believe his strength, how easily he picked you up and how hard he was slamming you back on his cock. This was by far the hardest you had ever been fucked. As he let out a deep, long moan, he pushed you all the way forward and pulled you back all the way gorging your pussy all the way to his balls as you felt him begin to shoot stream after stream of his cum deep inside you. It was such a massive load that you immediately felt it start to drip out of you and run down your thighs. When he pulled back out of you, you felt a rush of his cum and your own juices start to flow out of you. You stayed on your knees waiting there for more when you heard him speak up again. "Okay boys," he said, "she's all yours. Everybody else, get those camera's running."

Almost as soon as he was off the bed, you felt the weight of another man behind you. He rubbed the head of his hard cock up and down the lips of your cum-soaked pussy before driving himself deep inside you. He reached down and grabbed your ass, immediately starting to fuck you hard as two of the others moved in front of you, their hard cocks standing directly in front of your face. You were getting hotter by the moment as you realized that all of this cock was only a beginning and there were still so many more men to go. You sucked both of the men in front of you with a hunger and passion I had not seen from you before. You were not only accepting but truly enjoying your role as a piece of meat for all these men.

While the three men continued to feed you cock, your eyes looked around the club seeing all of the couples watching. All of the cameras on you made you even hotter and more eager to perform for them. Most of the couples had already given in to their desires. As men focused their cameras on you, their women were sucking them off, and, others were already fucking while one of the partners focused their camera on you.

Your attention was brought back to the bed as the man fucking you from behind slapped you hard on the ass. "Fuck, I'm going to cum," he moaned, "where do you want it bitch." With your mouth so full of cock you could not answer him with anything but a mumble. You felt his cock getting harder and harder inside of you, knowing he was going to cum. Suddenly he pulled out of you and flipped you over hard on the bed, shooting his hot load all over your stomach and tits. The two men you had been sucking off were now jerking off just over your face and as the cum was hitting you saw and felt both of them cumming all over your face.

You lay there for only a moment, completely covered in the cum of the three men, when you felt yet another man getting on the bed. He laid down beside you and helped to lift you up on him so your back was against his chest. "Shove me in your ass," he said into your ear. As you guided him in to your ass, already lubed up with the cum that had run out of you from The Dom, you heard him speak to the other men around the bed. "Now let's see how many cock's this little bitch can handle."

With that invitation another man was on the bed in no time. He spread your legs wide and pushed you down even further on the cock in your ass from below. He grabbed himself and guided his cock into your tight pussy. You now had the feel of two cocks inside you both hard and probing, moving in and out. In no time at all two of the others had kneeled down at your face holding their cocks to your mouth as you began to suck them off. You felt the bed moving again as two more men got on the bed, one on each side, grabbing your arms and putting your hand around them to jerk them off.

I watched in amazement at all of this. I could barely believe my eyes as you serviced six men at once. It was even hotter when I saw that the men you were jerking off were about to switch and take turns fucking you as you sat impaled on the other man's cock. One of the men you were sucking off was obviously excited by this as well as he started to throb and shoot his cum all over your neck and down to your chest. He was quickly replaced by another thrusting his cock toward your face.

One after the other all of the men were starting to cum, each one finishing himself off by cumming all over you. Almost your entire body was a glistening sheen from a complete coating of hot sticky cum. When one man would finish, another would replace him. There were never less than six cocks for you to please at all times. I don't know how the man in your ass was lasting as long as he did, but after about nine of the guys had finished he shot his hips upward and exploded inside your ass. He remained there as yet another man thrust deep inside you and filled you with his load.

As you looked around the bed, you saw that every last man had been spent. Somehow everything had seemed like it had happened in an instant, but you had brought all 15 men to thunderous orgasms. As your cum soaked body laid there on the bed you heard The Dom speak up again.

"Okay all you spectators," he said, "time for you to finish this little slut off." With that all of the couples got up and walked over to the bed. They placed their cameras on a ledge at the head of the bed and left them running making sure to catch the finale.

You could barely move from the extreme fucking you had just taken and laid there helpless. As you looked to the side of the bed you saw couple after couple with the women on their knees, each one sucking off their partner's cocks. You heard one of the men start to moan as his partner pulled his cock out of her mouth and aimed it towards you, jerking it off and shooting his cum all over you. You couldn't believe what you were seeing. You had already been soaked in cum from all the men that had you, but now as you looked around you saw that there as much more to come. One after the other the women brought their men to orgasm only to pull them out of their mouths and jerk them off all over you, sometimes three of them at once shooting their hot loads all over your body. By the time all of them had finished you were covered head to toe in so much cum that the bed itself was soaked right through.

The Dom waited a moment before coming over to the bed and handing you a towel. He looked you in the eyes, seeing you were still lost in the lust of the evening. "The only man who hasn't cum here is yours," he said, " I trust you will take care of that when you get home." With that he took our hand and helped you off of the bed before guiding you over to me. "Thanks man," he said looking at me, "you're a lucky man, this is the hottest piece of ass we have ever seen at a sacrifice."

I helped you to the shower at the back of the club and turned on the water for you. "I hope you enjoyed," I said as you stepped into the shower and suddenly pulled me in with you, dropping to your knees in front of me and pulling down my pants...