 Note to readers; this story has lots of male/male sex. 

INVITATION

We request the pleasure of your company...

The Club stands on a huge estate surrounded by dense forest. Stables out back across from the swimming pool and a football field-sized patio between them. I thought the discreet underground parking was a nice touch. 

I handed the embossed card to the tuxedoed man at the door. Security was impressive, a lot of muscle. There must be some serious people here tonight.

The thought tied my stomach into knots. This was my first night and though I'm quite happily married, by rule I was entering solo.

Membership in the Club is strictly invitation only. The Board who run it insist on the highest standards. From French chefs concocting the most exquisite meals to the visiting musicians to the legendary depth of the wine cellar, the Club was a palace shared only with a very carefully selected few.

There are no dues, no fees. Nothing to join. The Board sees to all that. They want an open, sharing environment. 

But the environment is not what the Club is known for. It's the entertainment.

I entered the long hall, elegant candelabra reflecting on oak and brass fixtures giving a warm, flickering glow to everything. 

A string quartet played somewhere. Bach. People were mixing and milling, some wearing masks or partial masks. All were dressed for an occasion. The clothes - some were enticing costumes - were of lovely materials, shimmering rich textures, all different, all accenting a person's most attractive features. 

There were a lot of attractive features. The women were elegant, the men were handsome and friendly. Smiles and laughs danced through the hall. Many of them brazenly eyed me; the new face, I supposed.

A lovely young woman in sheerest silk approached. The nearly transparent dress draped effortlessly off her shoulder and I tried not to glance too long at her soft pink nipples. With a bright smile she introduced herself as Kitty and offered champagne or anything else I might care for. The 'anything else' was only slightly mischievous.

I asked for my favorite and she disappeared through the crowd. 

When we heard of it, the Club more than piqued our interest. The faint whispers made it only the more tantalizing. How would one join? How can we learn more? No-one ever seemed to know a member directly. 

Only much later did we learn how new members are selected.

The invitation arrived three days ago by courier. A simple card with the date of tonight's party and a note that we should expect a call soon. When I recognized the address I nearly choked on my coffee. I called Katie right away.

Katie and I have the best marriage of anyone we know. We feel so close to each other it's easy to forget who said what between us. That includes our life in the bedroom. We are such a good match, I can't imagine life without her. 

Eastern European by birth, she has bright eyes, beautiful wide cheekbones and the body of a competitive athlete. The years had been kind to her and she kept in excellent shape. We pushed each other to always stay fit.

Katie and I can always talk. We talk openly about our wants and needs and it always seems to work for us. 

Yesterday evening at home we received the strangest, most intimate call of our lives. She called herself the Lady of the Manor and instructed us to never use our real names. 

She told us the membership process would be so much more rewarding the more honest we were. So we helped her build a profile of our sexuality. 

Part psychologist, part temptress, the Lady put us through our paces.

She teased out of us our secret wants. Our real secret wants, not the ones we first told her. The ones that would make us look good. The ones that were safe. She seemed to know when we were holding back. I've rarely seen Katie's eyes sparkling like that night as the Lady opened her up in a way that surprised us both.

We told her everything. Some things she seemed to just know.

Part of the profile required a name for each of us. That took a bit of thinking.

As I stood in the hall, an attractive couple approached me, her dress slit to the hip and plunged to her stomach, her slim frame accented with a brilliant necklace dangling between her breasts. I could swear I saw his suit in a London shop.

"I'm the Huntress," the woman offered with her hand. "You must be our new candidate."

"I am," I confessed, unsure of my status. 

"You do seem a fine example," he said easily, his hand going to my shoulder. He squeezed and I had a fleeting impression he was inspecting my muscles; checking the meat. 

"You will do well here," the Huntress said with a sly grin. "Just do a simple thing,"

The question hung in the air. She beckoned me to lean down for her whispered answer.

"Let it happen. It will be everything you ever wanted if you let it happen." She smiled and they moved away. I felt his eyes lingering at my body.

A tug at my elbow. Kitty was back with my drink, her eyes glittering with excitement. 

"I'm to bring you to the North Wing," she said and beckoned me to follow.

At the end of the phone call with the Lady we were to be sent specific follow-up tasks. We were not to discuss them with anyone, not even with each other. 

Mine included how to wash and "prepare" myself, with strict instructions not to touch ourselves or the other for pleasure.

We laughed, quickly deducing we had each received that same instruction. Considering how worked up we were, it was amazing we could keep our hands off each other. 

We were to present ourselves at different entrances at different times. I had not seen Katie since we left the house in separate cars. 

As we were to learn, the Lady covered every angle. 

I followed Kitty through the crowd, past the quartet and upstairs, impossible not to appreciate her fit, feminine derrière as we walked up the stairs. I'm certain she rolled her hips a little extra just for the show. 

We went down several hallways until we stopped before a black silk curtain. I could smell incense from the other side. 

"You were briefed, sir?" Kitty asked.

"Yes. I believe so."

"Nothing here is judged. We are here for each other's pleasure and our own." It sounded a bit as if she was reciting. 

She nodded to my glass. "Drink it all, please." She waited expectantly. 

Lightheaded, I had no idea where tonight was going to go. I looked at her eyes, bright and eager. Heeding the Huntress' advice, I downed the drink. 

Kitty moved around me, her hands going to my lapels. I moved to help take off my coat.

"Let me do the work," she whispered. "This is part of my initiation." 

My coat slid off and she unbuttoned my shirt. Her perfume was a light musk and her hands ran like velvet on my skin. She brought her fingers down and brushed low, lingered just a beat pressing on my cock until she felt me respond. 

She smiled and circled her fingers for a moment, getting the feel for my size.

Then before I could respond she was behind me and a blindfold went over my eyes. I couldn't help a sharp breath.

She moved, wrapping her arms around me, her lips near my ear.

"I'll be watching. Everything that happens, I'll be right there. Maybe you'll hear me cum."

She kissed my chest, giggled and was gone. I stood alone, unable to see, my shirt undone, my breath ragged.

Hands reached out from behind the curtain. I was drawn through.

PREPARATION

Sweet torture...

I was led into a room. The smell of incense was stronger. Quiet voices and padding footsteps gave me the impression of softness; thick carpets, comfortable furniture.

"Stand here." A deep man's voice. I was expecting another woman and it hit me: of course there must be men as well as women around me.

His firm hand held me by the neck as other hands began to caress me. Hands slid across me, under my shirt, squeezing me, sometimes not gently. These were men's hands. I was being felt up. Hands cupped my ass, a finger pushed hard against my anus, then pushed harder as if seeking entrance through my clothes. I tried to suppress a groan.

The man on my left brazenly slid his hand down my pants until he touched my cock, the shock of it making me start. He chuckled.

"Easy," he said quietly. "You're just getting started."

He opened my pants, pulling me out and holding me in his open palm, pulsing and growing harder by the second. 

This brought murmurs of approval.

"Very nice."

"Delightful."

My body responded to it all, my cock throbbing, filling and growing in his hand. He gave a squeeze; firm, even tight, forcing an open-mouthed moan from me.

"He's ready." It was the woman from the phone call, The Lady of the Manor, mere feet away. I heard her move, felt her breath on my chest as she closed in and took my cock from his hand in what felt like a gloved hand. She wrapped her fingers around and held me tightly.

"Imagine what your wife is doing right now. Is she naked? Standing in a room full of people, being inspected as you are? Or is she already on all fours, taking what you know she wants so badly?"

A moan in my throat, I throbbed hard in her tight hand. 

"Mmm, yes. You do love her. And you want her to enjoy. She's being well cared for, I promise. But let's talk about you."

She let go and moved away, the man took me in his hand again. He circled the base of my fully hard cock in his strong fingers. It felt wonderful and I sighed.

"Squeeze. Hard," she ordered. 

He squeezed so tight I called out. It hurt, it felt so good, it overwhelmed me and I lost my balance, the men having to hold me steady.

No doubt my cock was bulging bright red in his hand, every inch straining. He let go, I felt myself throbbing and waving in the air. A quick, firm tapping on my shaft brought a sound from my throat. It must be her finger. 

"Excellent fullness."

She pressed down, pointing it nearly towards the floor, then let go. My cock instantly sprang up again, slapping my stomach and then dancing in front of me, wanting only to be touched.

"A fine canvas."

The man's hand wrapped my length with his fingers, begin to gently stroke me. My head lolled, rested against his hard shoulder.

"That's good," he said warmly. "Relax."

Then a quick touch to the tip of my cock; a slim finger smeared something wet and slick across my lips. I licked and gasped. It was my precum. 

"Do you like the taste?" she asked.

My head swam. Was I to expose my most intimate self here before a room of strangers?

She leaned in, insistent. "Do you like the taste of your precum?"

I nodded. She wasn't having it.

"Say it."

"Yes," I whispered.

"Louder."

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"Yes, I like the taste."

"You like the taste of precum."

"Yes."

"Have you ever tasted another man's precum?"

Oh, God. She's going there. The room went so quiet, listening for my answer.

"Yes."

Quiet murmurs of satisfaction from the audience.

"Did you like it?"

I swallowed.

"Yes."

"Did you taste his cum?"

"No."

"Did you want to?"

My cock jumped in the man's hand. 

"Yes."

I heard a quiet rhythmic sound, then another. The people watching- some of them must be masturbating. Or pleasing each other. While they were watching me, listening to my most hidden secrets. Suddenly dizzy and weak, I was now glad for the men holding me up.

I heard her turn away. "I'm going to personally guide this initiation," she addressed the crowd. Her soft hand touched my shoulder. "For this one, the Three Rings, then Questioning. I suspect we will see The Horse."

Claps and approval from the people in the room as something was tied to my wrist.

"She must like him..."

"This will be good..."

"What a lovely body he has..."

Perhaps 25, 30 people? I could only guess.

Leaving the blindfold, the men undressed me quickly. They were not at all shy about touching and feeling up my body as they did. They trussed my hands behind my back so I could not use them. I was now naked in the room, bound, held in place by two men, one of them holding my cock tight.

Movement and the hand on my cock guided me, I was seated on a soft, warm cloth chair. More movement and I felt the glancing touches as others were seated close on both sides of me. My hands and arms were bound to the chair; I was held firmly in place.

My blindfold was too good, I could not catch even a glimpse of light. Everything had to come through other senses. From the cologne and smell of freshly washed skin, I thought they were men beside me.

Footsteps approached.

"The Three Rings," the Lady's voice rang out. "Yourselves, Another, The Source. You will know these at each ring."

My blindfold was torn off and I was sitting with four other men in a circle, all of us naked and bound, all of us rock hard. I could not help but notice they were each very attractive men, all firm and fit; all shaved clean like me, their cocks different sizes and shapes, standing straight up from their laps, throbbing in the air.

Each of us wore a white bracelet.

We were in a circle of warm light and in the shadows beyond at least 40 people in a larger circle, comfortably seated in chairs or lounging on cushions. 

Watching us. We were the entertainment.

As my eyes adjusted I began to see they were in all states of dress; some like they had just left an important meeting downtown, some in elaborate costume and mask; some simply naked. Many were touching themselves or each other. 

I saw Kitty sitting in the lap of an older, very handsome woman. The woman's hand was between Kitty's legs, moving in slow circles around her pussy, her other hand squeezing her breasts and pinching those soft pink nipples. My eyes met Kitty's and she smiled, then leaned comfortably back into the older woman's shoulder.

"What made you so wet?" the older woman asked her. She saw Kitty's eyes were watching me. The older woman smiled warmly. 

"That one? Alright. I'll take care of you when his turn comes." The older woman met my eyes and slid her fingers into Kitty's wet pussy, making her moan and squirm. 

The woman's eyes stayed on mine as she fucked Kitty for a moment before returning to slow, languid circles. Kitty sighed, almost purring into the older woman's neck.

I heard the voice of our master of ceremonies approaching and saw her for the first time, the Lady of the Manor. 

She was a stunning brunette. Though there was a slim black mask across her brown eyes, it was clear she was easily as beautiful as any actress or model; high cheekbones, full lips, her plunging sheer red dress showing the statuesque toned body accented by 6-inch black heels and black gloves to her elbow. An elaborate pendant between her breasts. She regarded us in the circle with amusement.

"I am the Lady of the Manor. You will address me as such." Every inch the personification of her name, she held the entire room with her sheer force of will.

She led a young woman on a short leash towards our circle. The Lady introduced her to the room as Fawn. The name fit her. Fawn was small, lithe, soft features with big brown eyes, long shining black hair, her tan skin graced with a white lace bra, stockings and garters, her nails painted bright pink. 

The leash was attached to a white choker. Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes wide as she was pulled into the middle of our circle and pushed to her knees. 

The Lady addressed us in the circle. "The First Ring is Yourselves," she said. "Fawn will make each of you cum. This is a part of her initiation. You will then taste your cum from her. That is a part of yours."

The men around me seemed as anxious and excited as I was. Fawn was beautiful and the idea of her making me cum was enough to send another drop of precum dripping down the tip of my cock.   I could not help notice the man to my right was having the same reaction, a bright drop on his tip began slowly making its way down his shaft. It was hypnotic watching the slow progress as the drop inched down his straining flesh. Each of us in the circle saw the other's responses and it only seemed to make us harder.

The Lady pushed Fawn between the knees of the man on my left. Fawn's eyes glued to the man's rigid cock sticking straight up from his lap with a mix of fear and a lust I've rarely seen. 

The Lady stroked Fawn's hair and looked down at her.

"You understand your role in their initiation?" she asked. Fawn nodded, her eyes never leaving the man's leaking cock. 

"You will begin now," said the Lady, removing her leash and leaving the circle.

Fawn took the mans cock in her pink-tipped fingers and was about to pull it into her mouth when she hesitated. She looked at the Lady.

"Yes?"

"My Lady- may I take my time?"

"Yes, love. We are in no rush. Make them cum however it pleases you. Then move to initiate each of them in turn."

Fawn's smile made her whole face glow. 

She held the cock before her and inspected it for a while, feeling the length of his hardness, touching the veins under the skin, feeling the different textures of the head and the shaft. She explored his balls, rolling them between her fingers. She would look up occasionally to see the effects her ministrations were having on him.

She squeezed his length and another drop of precum leaked from him. Looking him in the eye, Fawn touched the tip of her tongue to the tip of his cock and pulled it into her mouth.

"Mmm." she smiled.

Then she laughed and kissed his cock, rubbing his shaft across her cheeks, reveling in his warm, pulsing manhood that was entirely hers to explore. She kissed and licked the length, then got a wild look and pulled him deep into her mouth. The man groaned and leaned back in his chair.

Fawn worked him for a while, then got a determined look in her eyes. Taking her time, she settled herself comfortably and worked him deeper. Inch by inch she pushed her own ability until his impressive length was fully down her throat, bringing sighs from the audience.

"Very good," the Lady encouraged. "You are gaining control."

Fawn held it for a moment before having to come up for air, her smile big and her eyes alight, her hand stroking his now shiny-slick shaft. She moved in on him again.

He didn't last much longer. Her mouth around him, her hand flying up and down, he moaned then moaned again, his leg spasmed against mine and he called out as he came, hips bucking, his chest heaving, I could see his cock pulse again and again into her mouth.

Several observers called out quietly as they came watching him. One man squirted a huge load of cum across his chest and stomach, a woman nearly fell in her seat from the sheer force of her orgasm. 

The rest of the crowd politely applauded as Fawn stayed on the man's cock, milking him for every drop until he seemed to collapse.

Then in a flash she moved up and kissed him on the mouth. I watched as her tongue pushed for entry, his resistance turning to acceptance as he opened and she forced his cum into his mouth. I could hear each gulp as he was made to swallow it before the entire room. 

More moans from the crowd, the woman in the chair coming again, another woman cumming from just watching her.

Fawn kissed him until he swallowed it all, then with a smile she pecked him quick on the lips and went back to the center of the circle. A glass of wine was offered to refresh and cleanse her palate.

"Continue your way to each in the circle," the Lady instructed. 

Fawn chose me next and moved between my legs. I was leaking so much at that point it was running down my shaft, a tiny pool at the base.

She held my cock lightly with two fingers as she lapped up every drop, then surprised me by hopping on my lap and holding my head tight in her hands, our faces surrounded by her hair, her perfume.

"Instructions from My Lady," she whispered and planted her lips on mine, her tongue pushing for entrance.
