 My name is Caroline, I have been married to the most wonderful man, James, for almost thirty years now and we have 3 grown up children and 2 grandchildren, who all live several miles away and have all lives of their own. 

Since the youngest Johnny left home to start a new life with his own wife our home has been quiet and I feel a void whenever I wander around the large house. 

One afternoon as James and I were sat in our back yard enjoying the warm weather reading our books, I decided to broach the subject of maybe expanding our social circle, perhaps by joining a club or something similar to occupy our time and to have more fun. Over the years we have both grown a little stale and just taken each other for granted. I now felt it was time to get out of our rut and enjoy life once again together. 

"James" I said, "Now the children have all flown the nest, what do you think about resuming any hobbies or even gaining new ones? Don't you feel life is passing us by and leaving us well behind? We are getting old before our time."

"Hmm maybe you're right. I have been thinking much the same recently." replied James, "Do you have any ideas in your clever head that we could do things together?"

"Well, I thought about asking Mary and Tom about the club they go to. Mary has said it's great fun with a great bunch of people. I don't really know much about it because Mary has never said anything in detail, just that it's been a godsend for her and Tom's relationship since they started going. I will ask her about it when I see her tomorrow."

The following afternoon I met up with Mary for our weekly lunch date and once we had ordered our food and sat down on the terrace overlooking the local park I brought up the subject.

"Mary, you know James and I are at stalemate now the children have all left home, well we were thinking of joining some club or something to give us some different interests we can share. The last thing we want or need is to carry on as we are, doing nothing in particular and just drifting from one day to another. We need some other outlet while we are still relatively young enough to enjoy our time. We are stagnating. We are becoming a boring old couple and we are not ready for the slipper and pipe brigade yet!"

"Oh Caroline, you will never be in that category believe me. As your friend I wouldn't let you go that way." Mary answered. "Actually Tom and I were talking about you two the other night and did wonder whether you would like and be interested in joining the club we go to."

"Ha ha funny you should say that, because James and I were talking last evening and he suggested I talk to you about the possibility of joining you and Tom maybe the next time you go. Thing is neither of us know anything about the club you go to every week. You have always avoided and changed the conversation whenever I have asked about it."

Mary looked away from me for a minute or two and appeared to be considering her next words carefully.

"Caroline, let me ask you first a question, you may be shocked at me asking, but believe me I don't want to offend you or James. Have you or James ever played around – with others - while you have been together?"

I gasped and sat there with a stunned look upon my face. Different thoughts were rushing through my brain and wondering where this conversation was heading. 

"What a strange question Mary. Of course we haven't. We have been perfectly happy with each other for almost 30 years and still are, and no I am not offended, just surprised at the question. We have known each other for a long long time, our children were friends from junior school, and I would have thought you knew us both well enough to realise we have always been faithful to each other."

"OK, never mind then. I apologise, maybe the club Tom and I go to won't be of interest to you and James. It is just for adults and very very discreet if you get my meaning."

I was stunned by the implication and didn't know what to say but I was also very curious indeed, my curiosity was piqued and I tried to get more details from Mary but she was hesitant in disclosing any more information. She changed the subject and we ended discussing shopping and other mundane topics.

On arriving home I related the conversation to James, who I thought would be as stunned and shocked as I was, but to my surprise wasn't, saying he had had his suspicions for quite a while but hadn't wanted to say anything to me for fear of my feelings towards our friends changing.

Over dinner and the next few days we discussed what Mary had said and we unanimously discovered we were on the same wave length and thought the idea, or what we imagined , to be worth a go especially if we made our own rules for our own behaviour and felt comfortable with everything. 

"It could be what the young ones call 'a turn on' , and help us get out of this rut we find ourselves in. Add some spice to our jaded palette so to speak." said James a week later.

I must admit although I had never been with anyone but James the idea was exciting and was in fact turning me on, so I telephoned Mary the following day and we arranged to meet to talk in more detail.

Mary and Tom met us in the local bar where we secured a booth near the back where we wouldn't be overheard. We had decided to meet in a bar as it was felt to be neutral and neither couple would feel as pressured and could leave when and if they wanted to.

Tom started up the conversation by saying how much Mary and he had been able to rekindle some of the excitement and vroom into their marriage which was, like ours becoming stale once their children had left home. He kept stressing, and Mary agreed , that since they joined the club their love for each other had not diminished at all but had in affect grown stronger. 

"We always know we will go home together and talk about what had happened while we were there. There are no secrets at all between us. We trust each other implicitly and if either one of us thought or felt things were getting out of hand or either one of us was getting too involved with someone else, we would tell each other straight away and discuss the situation. We have a safe word as a back up so we can relay any fears we may have. This I think is a good precaution to have.

Luckily this hasn't happened, one reason being the love we have for each other and the other people have similar thoughts."

Mary again concurred and added that she knew Tom would be close by so therefore felt safe in that knowledge and as long as precautions were used, knew they would not contract any diseases. In fact she said in each room condoms were available for everyone if they so wished to use them. 

We spent quite a few hours sat there in the bar, ordering several rounds of drinks, asking questions and receiving answers to our queries before saying goodnight to each other and saying James and I would talk some more before making any decisions. 

Well we did talk, the subject of joining the club was in the forefront of both our minds, although we were both newcomers to that situation we weren't naïve enough not realise there may be pitfalls somewhere. 

A couple of days later I telephoned Mary and gave her our decision and we arranged to meet the following Friday evening at a small hotel on the edge of town. 

Friday arrived and I became more nervous and excited as the time to leave drew closer. It took me ages to decide what to wear, discounting many of my wardrobe items before settling on a simple short sleeved, light blue coloured dress with a sweetheart neckline and soft draping skirt, which showed off my tan. James was also nervous and I could tell excited at the prospect of what lay ahead for us this evening. He chose something smart and casual to wear, a pair of light coloured chinos and pale blue polo shirt which also showed off his tanned body and muscles.

We drove to the hotel, having entered the directions into our Sat Nav as neither of us had been to this side if town before, and arrived just as Mary and Tom were getting out of their car. 

We all hugged and and the men shook hands before Mary said to us

"I know you both will be feeling nervous and apprehensive about tonight, it's only natural, Tom and I felt the same way when we first came here."

"There's no need really guys" added Tom, "You can go at your own pace and do not have to do anything you don't want to. Whatever or whoever you see here stays here, that is one of the main rules. If you happen to see someone here you know it isn't a cause of gossip or such away from here. We all pride ourselves on the utmost discretion, that way everyone can feel comfortable and relaxed and safe. I am sure you understand."

Mary continued, " To start with, you will be given a loose robe to wear, you can remove all of your clothes or leave your underwear on underneath, until as and when you feel comfortable enough to take them off. It is entirely up to you there is no pressure at all. Everyone here has had a first day so will understand and accept how nervous you both are."

James and I both nodded and agreed to the rules and taking hold of each others hand followed Mary and Tom into the foyer of the hotel. 

It had been explained to us by Mary that because of its location the hotel although relatively small hosted many events for groups and conferences throughout the week so therefore each group could theoretically book the whole hotel if the need arose. Fridays was The Clubs' night and although there may be the occasional member of the public staying they were housed in a separate area, so our section was completely private. 

Mary introduced James and me to Susan and Michael, the organisers, and left us with them.

We were led into a large room after being issued with our gowns where there must have been over fifty people sat and stood around chatting and laughing with each other. The room was comfortable with large sofas and arm chairs sectioned off for the different parts of the room. James and I looked around inquisitively and shyly but saw nothing out of the ordinary except that everyone was dressed in a white gown. 

This had been explained, by Michael, while in this room everyone had to have a gown on so as not to, 'frighten away any new prospective members'. 

At the far end of the room a door led to a corridor where the bedrooms were. Anyone could use any room as they chose even sharing with others if that was what they wanted. Another of the rules was you could do whatever you wanted as long as everyone involved was in agreement. 

You could go in and just watch other couples or participate, it was entirely up to the individual. 

James and I wandered around the room striking up conversations with some of the others and then found ourselves in the corridor looking into a room where two couples were performing on the huge bed. The room was quite large and had a three small sofas dotted around the room facing the king sized bed which had been placed in position for anyone to watch. The lighting was subdued except where the bed was situated where it was slightly brighter. There were two other couples already watching so James and I inched to the empty sofa and were amazed at the two couples on the bed. 

The women were wrapped around each and kissing each other while the two men both had their dicks in the nearest pussy. As we watched spellbound, positions changed and one of the women turned slightly allowing the nearest man to enter her back passage.

Wow I had never seen anything like it before and certainly had never experienced something like that. I turned to James and saw he also was surprised and I also noticed he was getting excited, his breathing was heavier and he had a tent under his gown while watching the action in front of us. 

I found my breathing had also quickened and my hand had slipped beneath James' robe and I could feel his hard erection throbbing and his pre cum leaking. My, I was so turned on, I quickly glanced at the others in the room to see whether they had noticed but luckily for us they were also either entranced with the couples on the bed or were wrapped up in each other. 

I leant forward and down onto James' 8inch cock taking him into my mouth and licking his pre cum greedily. Mmmm it was deliciously naughty to be doing this in public but such a massive turn on! 

James' cock throbbed and pulsed and very soon I found myself with a throat full of his cum, swallowing as much as I could. 

Once James had finally exhausted his supply of spunk we wiped off the remnants left in my hair and on my chin, with the box of tissues left beside the sofa for this purpose, and crept out of the room so not to disturb the others. 

Out in the corridor James and I looked at each other and smiled and giggled not believing what we had just witnessed and especially what we had just done in public. 

"Caroline, you were amazing," said James, "that was an experience so new to me and to us. I was really turned on watching the actions of the couples and when you went down on me I couldn't have been more surprised and delighted." 

"Darling, the mood took me over and I couldn't resist," I replied smiling."Do you want to look into some of the other rooms now and see what we discover?"

The next room we found down the corridor was in fact empty. The set up was practically the same as the one we had just left, with a king sized bed and small sofas on the edge of the room.

We decided to take advantage of this and fell into each others arms while slipping off the robes.

Once on the bed James began kissing me all over, starting by nibbling my hardened nipples and lightly massaging the other. His free hand began gently going over my belly until he reached my very wet pussy lips.

He touched my clit and ran his fingers up and over up and over and in small circles before slipping his fingers into my waiting pussy. He finger fucked me for a few minutes at the same time transferring his tongue to my other nipple and sucking and pulling on it. 

"Ah James, I want you now, I can feel myself cumming and I want you inside me!" I panted. 

James adjusted himself and laid above me putting his engorged cock into my waiting pussy. We rocked together easily and soon got into a rhythm which enhanced the exquiste feeling between us. 

At the back of my mind I had heard a sound but the passion of the moment was all I could think of and I lifted my hips and wrapped my legs around James' waist going with the motion of ecstasy Together we both climaxed in unison. My juices mixing and blending with James' spunk.

We both collapsed on the bed, spent but happy eyes closed and breathing heavily from the exertions, when we both heard soft rustling noises. We opened our eyes and found we had had an audience, we had completely forgotten in the height of our passion to lock the door. Three couples were watching us and two were fondling each other over on the far sofa.

Knowing we were new to the club the nearest man gestured to James that he would love to join us with his wife. 

James looked at me hesitantly with a questioning look in his eyes, I nodded and whispered to him,

"Why not? We may as well enjoy all the experiences we can."

James nodded to the man and his wife (Ian and Clare) to join us. They slipped off their robes and approached the bed. I noticed Ian's cock was much larger than James' and did briefly wonder whether I could accommodate it. He was muscular and tanned and quite handsome. Clare was dark haired and shapely with a flat belly that topped a shaven pussy. 

Ian began to fondle and expertly kiss my breasts while James did the same to Clare. The sensation of having another man touch me like that was both exciting and strange, every fibre of my body felt electric. Ian soon moved down and began licking my pussy lips and playing and teasing my clit with his tongue. My juices were flowing and Ian was drinking it up with gusto. It was beautiful and erotic.

I peeped through my eyelashes at James and Clare to see her take James' cock deep into her mouth softly moaning as she fed the full length as far as it would go, while lightly playing and squeezing his balls. 

Oh what a turn on. 

I never thought I would be turned on watching my husband having a blow job in front of me while I was being fucked at the same time by another man. 

Ian had placed my legs over his shoulders and entered me gently at first before he started to pound harder and quicker, making me gasp and breathe so much more heavily. I was surprised and very pleased that my worries of being able to accommodate his size were unfounded but truly arousing. 

After quite some time we all climaxed together and fell in a tangle upon the bed fully sated.

Later when dressed and on our way home both James and I said in unison laughing 

"That was fantastic. Brilliant and fabulous."

"I can't wait to get home and try out some of those new moves from tonight, so come on big boy drive faster and fuck me again and again."

"Yeh, and next week we may have some more new moves to try out!" replied James.