 I stood outside of the club, nervously tugging on my short skirt, while I waited for Paul to pay our entrance fee. 

What the fuck am I doing here? I thought, and not for the first time that night. 

Admittedly, our fading sex life had received new life when the conversations about going to the new club in town started between us, and the thought of watching people have sex was exciting.

And so was *gulp* having others watch us. 

That was the part that made me fidget with nervous energy. For the umpteenth time that night, I worried over how I looked, particularly since it was possible I'd have no clothing to hide behind at some point.

I grabbed Paul's arm as he reached for the door to stop him. "What are we doing here?" I asked with my voice laced with panic.

His eyes sparkled with humor. "I thought we covered that already."

Rolling my eyes, I slapped him lightly on the arm. "I know why we're here. What if people laugh at me...?" I let my voice trail off. "I'm not exactly a Skinny Minnie."

"I know. That's one of the reasons I married you," he replied, wrapping his arms around my waist and looking down at me. "You've got curves—womanly curves—and you're beautiful and sexy." Paul leaned down to kiss me gently. "We don't have to do anything and we can leave anytime we want. Ok?"

Relaxing a bit, I nodded. He was right; simply walking in to check the place out didn't obligate me to do anything.

I relaxed even further as we walked in and I realized that there wasn't an orgy occurring in the foyer. Off to the left were the locker rooms for people to store their belongings and shower, and the entranceway opened to a grand bar where people mingled and laughed. The club was "BYOB", but I saw the majority of people drinking water, tea, and sodas. While there would be no alcohol induced courage for me, there would also be no alcohol fueled horny guys that could be problematic as well. 

Around the edges of the large room were hallways leading to play areas and private rooms, where the majority of the action takes place. According to the website, we could choose how we played, who we played with, or even if we let people watch. Being ever mindful of cleanliness, I was pleased to read that condoms and cleaning supplies were readily available in all of the play areas.

And while the website mentioned the great looking people of all ages who frequented the club, it was refreshing to see that it wasn't embellished. The room was filled with very attractive men and women of all shapes, sizes, ages, and races who knew how to dress to impress. If I didn't know better, I would have said this was just the newest and most trendy nightclub where everyone goes to see and be seen, but the website left no doubt as to the sexual adventures that awaited within its walls. 

"Want to get something to drink before checking this place out?" Paul asked a reassuring hand against the small of my back. 

I nodded, moving along with him to the bar. As we moved, a few people watched us curiously, but met our eyes with smiles.

"We must have 'newbie' tattooed to our foreheads," I murmured to Paul as we reached the bar and waited for the bartender to finish serving another couple.

"You caught that, too," he replied, just as quietly, looking around the lounge area. "The natives seem friendly enough."

I cut my reply off as the bartender reached us. A good looking Filipino man in his 20's, the smile he gave us was that of someone who enjoyed their job, and in looking around at the crowd that he spent his evenings with, I could understand why. The women dressed in sophisticatedly sexy attire, showing some skin but leaving something to the imagination as the men were attired in business casual, more emphasis on the business than casual. 

Iced tea in hand, I turned to survey the crowd again. I suddenly felt like the new kid at school, very unsure where to sit, which group to join, or whether or not I'd be welcome. Resisting the urge to tug on my skirt again (or to turn tail and run for the hills), I turned to Paul. 

"So, what do we do next?" 

Paul motioned with his glass toward an empty booth. "Why don't we go sit down and get our bearings?"

Again, people were smiling in a friendly manner, but were politely distant, as we made our way to the table. We were no longer on display once we were seated, but we scanned the room, hoping for someone to take us under their wing and help us figure out what the next step was. 

After sitting for a half hour—and thinking this was going to be a bust—Paul leaned over to tell me he had to find the restroom.

"You're going to leave me alone?" I asked, panic at the edge of my voice.

"You'll be fine. This doesn't strike me as the 'pounce on her the minute he walks away' kind of crowd."

I had to admit that I agreed with him, but still didn't favor the prospect of sitting there alone, playing with the straw of my iced tea. As he walked away, I sighed and glanced up, meeting the eyes of a very handsome Black man standing at the bar. 

I smiled at him, and he smiled in return. I watched him as he spoke to the group that he had been standing with before walking over to the table. 

"Hi, I'm Luke."

I accepted his proffered hand, watching how my small white hand was dwarfed in his large black one.

"I'm Ree."

"May I join you, Ree?" He motioned to the bench next to me.

"Ah, sure," I replied. "My husband just.."

He held up a hand to stop me. "I saw you two walk in together, and I'm not trying to step on anyone's toes." Luke smiled kindly. "I just know how it feels to be new."

I laughed and relaxed. "It's that obvious."

Even though it wasn't a question, he grinned and shrugged. "A bit. Don't worry; we've all been there."

"So you seem like a pro." I commented, surprised to hear the flirtatious note in my voice.

"No, not a pro," Luke shook his head. "I've been here a couple of times. Everyone's pretty nice."

"They seem friendly," I replied. "Just distant."

"No one wants to come on too strong or overwhelm you," he answered. "Have you walked around the play areas at all? Checked out what's going on?"

I shook my head. "Not yet."

"You should. People aren't going to approach you in here for an encounter, but you'll definitely get your fill of action in the play areas, even if all you want to do is watch." The last part of the statement was said a little softer, and I found myself leaning into him to be able to hear. The smell of his cologne and the warmth of his body filled my senses, and I found myself surprised to be so attracted to another man.

Paul and I discussed the possibility of inviting other men to play, but I didn't think I'd find anyone I was attracted to, much less consider being with. Luke's eyes were warm and friendly, and he smiled suddenly as if he knew where my thoughts traveled. My pale Irish skin gave me away in a blush.

"Hey, Ree." 

I turned my head to see Paul sliding back in next to me, sandwiching me between the two of them. I quickly provided introductions.

"Well, I'll let you two check the place out." Luke said, standing up. I felt a surge of disappointment. "I'm sure I'll see you around," he finished, smiling at me before walking away. I found myself admiring his ass as he walked away.

"Ree?" Paul's voice pulled me from my thoughts, and I turned to him. "Seems like you made a new friend."

I studied him for signs of jealousy or concern, but all I saw was his normal open and honest smiling face, and returned his smile. "He's a nice guy. He told me that people won't approach us to play while we're in the bar area, but to check out the play areas."

"I'm game if you are," Paul said, standing up and holding a hand out to me to help me to my feet.

Taking a steadying breath, I smiled. "Let's go."

Where the entryway and the bar had a sensual sexuality to it, the feeling walking down the darkened hallways was blatantly sexual. Moans and movement could be heard behind closed doors, flashes of skin and tangled body parts could be seen in rooms where the doors where open. At the end of the hallway, there was a large room where a dark haired Asian woman was laying in the middle of the bed in the room, wearing a sheer robe, and running her hands over her perky breasts. I followed her gaze to the two men standing behind the bed watching her hungrily. I glanced around the room to see a few other people watching the show unfolding before us. 

The woman spread her legs, showing us her pretty shaven pussy, as she opened the robe. Arching her back, she again ran her hands down over her breasts, pinching her nipples before sliding down to her lips, sliding her fingers over her clit and inside of her.

I could feel moisture collecting between my pussy lips as I watched her on the bed, and my mouth watered as I imagined sliding my tongue over those smooth lips and sucking on her clit. I shifted to try to relieve the tension in my body, only to increase it as my thong slid in between my lips.

"You seem to like what you see," Paul whispered in my ear.

Not wanting to look away, I just nodded my mouth dry. 

She rolled over and pushed herself up onto all fours, sliding the sheer material from her body, her pretty little pussy beckoning to all in the room. She crawled to the men standing at the edge of the bed, and in my focus on her, I neglected to notice that they had also disrobed. She sat back, taking a cock in each of her hands and smiling up at the very tall, well built men. From where I was standing, I could see that each of the cocks was large in girth and length, and her tiny hands wrapped around them only made them look larger. 

She wrapped her mouth around one of the cocks, eliciting a moan from the owner, as she continued to stroke the other one before switching off. While I enjoy the reactions that I can get giving a blow job, I've never been particularly turned on by them, but there was something about the perfect mouth wrapped around these cocks and the look in her eyes that made it thoroughly enjoyable to watch; this woman obviously enjoyed sex.

Paul moved to stand directly behind me, pushing against me so that I could feel his hardening cock through our clothing. I pushed back against him, grinding my ass on his crotch, letting him know I was as turned on as he was. His arm slipped around the front of me, his fingers sliding over my breast and finding my nipple, causing me to catch my breath.

The beauty lay back on the bed, with her head over the edge, with one man's cock buried in her throat as the other man slid in between her legs pulling them up before sliding his cock into her pussy. Her moans were muffled around the cock in her mouth, but it was apparent she was enjoying it. The man fucking her pussy shifted slightly, and I could see her pussy stretching and holding onto his cock with every stroke as her mouth and throat worked with the effort of deep-throating the cock in her mouth. 

I found myself squeezing my thighs together, rubbing them together to stimulate my already throbbing clit. Around the room, others were in various stages of dress and undress, feeling each other, feeling themselves. A couple a few feet away were seated with the woman on top in Reverse Cowgirl, slowly fucking as they watched the scene in front of them unfold. A man across the room was stroking himself slowly. A woman had propped her legs up on the arms of a chair so that she had easy access to finger herself. Everyone's focus was on the scene in front of us and they were doing their own thing, and yet, I was still unsure about taking care of my growing need in public. And from the feel of things pressing against my ass, Paul's growing need was desperate to be taken care of.

A loud guttural moan drew my attention back to the scene as the man receiving the blow job blew his load in the pretty woman's mouth. To my amazement, she swallowed it down without missing a beat. The man fucking her pussy wasn't far behind, and he quickly came as well. 

She wasn't through yet. She manually worked both of those cocks back to life before settling onto all fours, her pretty breasts swinging a little below them. The men switched places, and she fucked back against the one in her pussy while deep-throating the one in her mouth. 

I found myself playing with my skirt again, but this time, it was to work up the courage to slide my fingers against my pussy.

"Are you enjoying the show?" A deep, soft voice asked next to my ear. I turned to find Luke smiling at me.

I nodded, returning my gaze to the show in front of us. 

"Ever been with two men at the same time?"

I shook my head.

"Want to?" 

At that question, I turned to look at Paul, who was watching me. "I...I don't know," I answered, looking at Paul.

Paul smiled. "We're here to explore fantasies. It's okay if you're interested in that."

I turned back to watch the woman again, only to find her riding one of the guys with the other lining up to enter her ass. She screamed with pleasure as both cocks filled her, and from our view, we could see both holes filled to the max.

Paul leaned close to my ear and whispered, "Is this turning you on?"

"Yes," I said. I looked over my shoulder at Paul and then at Luke. "Yeah, the thought of being with two men is a turn on." I turned back to the woman. "I just can't do it in a public place like this."

"No problem," Luke replied. "Let's go find a room."

The woman's orgasmic screams followed us as we walked away from the scene to create our own.

Once inside the room, I wasn't sure what to do. I stood at the edge of the platform bed, unsure if I should just strip and start a show like the woman did or wait for one of the guys to make their move.

Luke broke the silence. "Paul, give your beautiful wife a kiss."

Paul complied, leaning down to kiss me deeply, running his fingertips over the sides of my breasts softly and for a moment before moving his hands to the hem of my shirt, pulling it up and over my head. I shimmied out of my skirt, leaving me standing there in my lingerie and shoes. I glanced nervously over at Luke, afraid that he wouldn't like what he saw, but the large bulge in his pants told me otherwise.

Paul leaned down and kissed me again, cupping my face in his hands, and tangling his fingers in my hair. I felt Luke move up against my back, his fingers sliding over the sides of my breasts, still covered by my bra, before moving to unclasp the bra. Without breaking the kiss, I slid my arms out of the straps and let it hit the floor. My breasts swung free and my already hardening nipples became even harder with excitement. 

Luke leaned down and kissed my neck, taking time to tease my neck and shoulder with his lips, teeth, and tongue. His hands again found their way to the sides of my breasts, his gentle touch leaving me with goose bumps along my skin.

I moaned, and laid my head back against Luke's shoulder as I reached out to unbutton Paul's shirt. Paul's hands found my breasts, cupping them, rubbing his thumbs over my nipples. Luke's fingers walked their way down my body to slide under the sides of my thong, sliding it down my legs, and helping me out. When he stood back up, he again pressed his clothed body against my naked one, and his fingers slid down my stomach to my dripping pussy.

"You're so wet," Luke whispered, sliding his thick fingers easily between the lips.

I was so fucking horny at this point I couldn't even form coherent sentences. I wanted to feel their skin against mine, suck their cocks, have them fuck me, be spread wide open for the whole place to see...whatever it would take to satisfy this horniness. 

"Feel how wet she is, man," Luke said to Paul, and while I briefly mourned the loss of Luke's fingers, I started bucking against Paul's as soon as he slid them inside me. 

"You like that?" Paul asked me, finger fucking me.

"Uh huh," I nodded.

"You want something bigger to fuck?" Paul asked.

I nodded again. "Please. Please fuck me with your cock."

"You want Luke to watch me fuck you?" 

This time I didn't bother with a verbal answer. I just reached for his belt to pull the rest of his clothes off of him.

I heard Luke laugh and say, "I'd say she wants to fuck" but I didn't care. I wanted both of these guys, preferably sooner than immediately. 

I couldn't even wait for Paul to get his pants all the way off before I pushed him to a seated position on the platform and climbed on him.

"No, no," Luke stopped me, and I almost cried from frustration. "Turn around so that I can see your face while he fucks you."

I quickly reversed my position, sliding down onto Paul's cock, my legs spread wide open so that Luke could see the view of Paul's big, throbbing cock sliding in and out of my wet, tight pussy. I slid my fingers down to play with my clit, as it was crying out for attention, throwing my head back against Paul's shoulder. 

I heard Luke say my name, and he stood there in front of me, holding his massive black cock in front of my face, stroking it slowly. With my free hand, I reached out and wrapped it around him to stroke him. The moan escaping from his mouth encouraged me, and I leaned forward slightly to wrap my mouth around the head of his cock, using my tongue to taste him and wrap around him. Luke's fingers tangled in my hair as I took more of his cock in my mouth with every stroke of it. 

I was starting to get frustrated that I couldn't get closer than the edge of an orgasm. Luke must have noticed, because he pulled me to my feet from Paul's cock.

"I hope you don't mind, but I have the philosophy of 'ladies first'," Luke said to Paul, laying me out on the bed.

"Fine by me," Paul said, with a smile. 

Luke knelt down between my legs, sliding his fingers up and down my slit, occasionally bumping up against my clit. I moaned and tried to wiggle closer to get him to add more pressure. He knew my game though, and pulled back a little before I could get what I wanted.

Paul was kneeling by my head, and I reached up and wrapped a hand around his glistening cock, pulling him down to my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock, tasting our mixed juices together, and this caused me to want to devour his cock even more. He groaned in appreciation.

As I started to try to swallow Paul's cock, Luke began to finger fuck me, sliding two of his thick fingers in and out, while his thumb played with my clit. I moaned around Paul's cock in appreciation, which led to Luke adding a third finger, stretching me and filling me up. His fingers twisted inside of me, rubbing up against my g-spot, driving me insane.

"You like that, Ree?" Luke asked. 

Mouth full, I could only moan my appreciation.

"Just imagine what my cock will feel like when it slides into that tight pussy of yours." 

That image, along with the pressure against my clit and g-spot, sent me over the edge into one of the most intense orgasms I ever had. My moaning around Paul's cock and tightening of the hand stroking him must have been too much for him because he was soon shooting into my mouth. It caught me off guard, and while I managed to catch and swallow most of it, some escaped my mouth. I released his softening cock and wiped my mouth as I smiled up at him.

"Enjoy?"

Paul laughed and leaned down to kiss me. "That's putting it mildly."

Luke was sitting back on his haunches, stroking his now condom covered cock, and watching me. 

I curved a finger to beckon him to me. "I want your cock inside of me."

I didn't have to ask twice. I found myself under Luke, feeling him slowly sliding his cock into me. I was still so wet, but his size was still a shock. He took his time, sliding inside of me, letting me get used to it, but pretty soon, I was bucking my hips up to meet his thrusts. 

His cock stretched me out, and I could feel every ridge of him, and I wanted more. Luke must have wanted more as well, because he pulled out, flipped me over on all fours, and entered me from behind. 
