 Author note:

If you read my first story you will notice the beginning of this is very similar. I decided the premise needed to be changed slightly. This story is longer than the original with more sex.

***

It was the dog days of summer and we had gone over to our friends Tom and Alison's to grill and meet up with two other couples Hal and Susan, and Will and Lindsey. I'm Sam and my wife is Stephanie.

After a while the guys decided to go grab a beer and watch some tv. This being the middle of the summer there really aren't any sports, but baseball on. Which is vetoed promptly by Hal. After flipping through and talking about nothing in general for a few minutes; Tom suggests playing cards. This sounds better than mindless tv surfing and we agree (leaving the tv on in the background.)

We decide on poker with penny bets since no one planned on playing and none of us has much cash on us at the time.

As we drink and play cards we start to talk about women and sex. To which Will says, "Man I'll tell you what I need a slut to fuck; like one of your wives. I said something wrong to Lindsay, and damn my balls are blue!" We all laugh and continue to play and talk about women and sex.

The sex talk somehow finds its way into wife swapping. Will interjects his opinion says, "I prefer the idea of an assigned slut. A woman a group can use and have fun with."

Hal clearly excited by the idea says, "so how would that work? A week rotation?"

Will smiles and says, " No I like the idea of a longer rotation, somewhere in between six months and a month." Despite the fact that Hal did say anything about our wives Will adds. "And when it's your wife's turn she would let us screw her. No questions no games just sex... maybe a hand or blow job."

Tom says, "Oh man I love a good blow, but Alison hates them." Then laughs and says "Look at us to thinking about banging another man's wife; damn we must be hard up."

Tom and myself laugh pretty hard. Hal laughs an embarrassed chuckle, and Will just smiles.

As we laugh Lindsey walks in wearing a short jean skirt, about three inches shorter than appropriate even here among friends as the bottom of her ass was visible most of the time. The men all clearly loved it. Lindsay was late twenties like the rest of us and loved to show off she had long tan legs she always highlighted by wearing heels and wonderful round ass. After taking the time to properly admire her legs and ass you might miss her tiny waist because of the tan C cups on friendly display.

She flashed a wide smile at us and reaches for the blonde hair she always had in her face before she cut it short to be like some TV star and looks at Will and says, "Need anything baby?"

"No sweetheart. I'm good." He replies.

She looks around and says, "You guys want anything?" We mumble a no and Lindsay smiles turns and walks away. As I watch I can't help up think she is swaying her hips more than normal. I watched her through the window as she rejoins the women as she did they all laugh, but Stephanie shot me a look.

Stephanie is a beautiful woman black hair and eyes olive skin big lips and a great smile. Her body is tall and slender at 5'8" and 106 lbs. She has tiny A cup tits with brown nipples. Her waist is small with nice wide hips and long legs. Her ass is ok, not flat but nothing compared to Lindsay's wonderful round ass.

After a moment in my thoughts about Lindsay and what I wanted to do to her. I hear the conversation return to Will's idea of turning our wives into sluts now on a three month rotation. Finally Tom says, "we need a name for the lucky lady in this club."

I know says Hal, "the club slut. Why overthink it."

Hal in a serious tone, "So what would be the rules of the club slut?"

Will replies, "You know, she is available for a few hours every day to screw and blow."

Tom says, "But what is off limits?"

Will says, "Nothing public, and no video or photos, but sexually nothing."

I sit dumbfounded by what I'm hearing three guys outlining rules to turn their wives into sluts. Then I make it four and say "No way Steph will do anal."

Tom says "I don't think Alison would either."

"Fine," Will says, "no anal."

I go back to my own thoughts thinking about my wife. I don't want to say she is a prude, but she is not a sexually adventurous woman. She only likes two positions and tries to stay in perfect control which is boring. Every once in awhile though if you can get her hot enough to burn through her control she will fuck like a porn star bouncing and moaning.

Again I'm drawn back to the conversation Will saying, "well let's ask." I look around grins on their faces. Will says, "What is the worst thing that can happen?" I thinking to myself plenty, but before I can put the brakes on I hear.

"Let's do it!" Tom and Hal agree.

Will pulls out his phone and sends a text to Lindsay. A few seconds later we have our four lovely wives in the room. Will explains the idea to the ladies and then the club slut we had worked out. "What do you think?" Will says at last.

The room is silent for a moment then Tom giggles and Alison says "You want your beer buddies to use me like... like a whore for three months a year!"

Tom coughs looks to Will clearly looking for support, but before anyone can reply, Susan says "Well don't think of it like that you're helping out a friend; after all I get tired of Hal pawing at me all the time I could get some peace. That would be a blessing for me, and if that means I don't get any peace for a few months fine."

After silence again for a minute. Then Lindsay says "So?" Then slow nods from Alison and Susan. Stephanie's eyes get big seeing she is the only one that has not agreed and adds her own slow nod. "Okay." Lindsay says, "let's get the rules written." After some debate the list was completed:

*No Anal.

*No photos or videos.

*No one outside the group can know.

*Club slut lasts three months.

*During the club sluts time of month a fill in slut is named by the husband of the current club slut.

*The club slut rotation was alphabetical, but would start with a contest. (Alison not wanting to be guaranteed to be first)

*The wife can participate with her husband and the club slut.

After the rules were written Hal asks the question we all have, "How are you going to pick who goes first?" After some more debate it was decided they would play odds or evens. Twice they said one, two, three shoot with no "winner". Finally on the third go there was an odd woman out; Stephanie.

Stephanie looks around slightly panicked then when no one moves she sighs. Then Alison says, "Well Tom you going to play with the Slut? You wanted a fuck this morning." Stephanie looks at Alison shocked and Tom stirs a little but doesn't move.

"I know says Lindsay let's have the slut strip for us." This suggestion was met with excitement from all but Stephanie and myself.

Her face was flush and she looks at me for help. I shrug and say, "well we agreed to this." She sighs and nods Tom gets up and puts on some music to help the show. My thoughts secretly are of fucking the other women.

Stephanie stands looking around the room at her friends not knowing what to do. Finally Stephanie awkwardly starts to rock her hips back and forth. Her desire for self control throwing her rhythm off.

Lindsay and Alison giggle as they watch. Stephanie stops and says "I am not really dressed for this," waving her hands passed her t-shirt and jean capri pants.

Lindsay stands up and walks over to Stephanie and grabs the bottom of Stephanie's shirt and pulls it over her head. Stephanie standing in her bra red faced. Lindsay tosses the shirt to Hal and says "Now club slut take your bra off and toss it to one of the men." Stephanie shocked and nervous tries to take her bra off, but her shaking hands fail to find the hooks of her plain white bra.

After a second or two Alison stands up walks behind Stephanie and unhooks her bra, "there you go slut now do as you were told." Stephanie's face red with embarrassment takes her bra off and tosses it to Tom. "Good," Alison says, "now dance." Stephanie again dances awkwardly not knowing what to do or how to be sexy.

Finally Susan says "Well, guys who is going to take the first crack at the slut?"

No one moves for a long second then Will stands up and says, "I guess I will break her in." He walks around Stephanie eyeing her up and down like a piece of meat. "Come here slut," he orders and not knowing what else to do Stephanie complies. "Good slut now turn around." Stephanie turns around to face the room full of her friends. Will reaches around her waist unbuttons her pants and pulls them down. "Now step out of those and kneel down." Stephanie obeying Will without question only staring at the ground. As she got to her knees without a doubt know what was coming next.

As she knelt down Will walk around to her side to not block the rooms view, and says, "blow me slut," his stiff cock out and in her face. Stephanie never being one to give head swallows hard and sitting in her bikini cut white panties doesn't see a way out opens her mouth and sucks the head of Will's Cock.

Lindsay walks around her husband and my kneeling wife with his cock in her mouth. And says, "Slut he said blow him. Open your slut mouth and take more of his cock." Blushing Stephanie takes a little more cock in her unskilled mouth and bobs back and forth a little. "More!" Lindsay says. Deeper Stephanie goes, "More! Slut, More! Look at him while you suck his cock" Lindsay commands again and still more cock goes into my wife's mouth Stephanie's eyes looking up at Will. Will at this point was enjoying her effort and hums softly followed by Lindsay saying, "gag on it slut." Stephanie reaching her max pulls away coughing and gagging.

Will laughs and says "you need more practice slut. Keep going." Stephanie goes back to bobbing back and forth her tits on display for us bouncing ever so slightly each time. I'm transfixed watching my borderline prude wife blow my friend. I can't believe what I am seeing. 

Remembering that there are others I look around and see the others are just as fixated as I am. Bulges in Tom, and Hal's pants and mine too. Alison leans over to Susan and in a loud whisper says "look at that the slut is getting wet." I looked at the crotch of my wife's panties and see a small dark spot of dampness.

As if Alison was the queue Lindsay walks up to Will and kisses him and then whispers in his ear. A smile on both their faces. "Slut," Will says, "get on the coffee table on all fours." When she stood up Will pulls her panties down to her ankles. "You won't need these for a while." He says with a laugh. My Stephanie's unshaved bush on display. Moisture trapped by the hair shines in the light. "Nice bush slut it will be good to catch all our cum."

Stephanie embarrassed again freezes and stands nude in the middle of the room. "Slut! Will told you to do something" Lindsay barks, "all fours on the coffee table." Stephanie flushed and hot obeys the other woman. I can see the heat is starting to burn down the controls she has. "Face everyone." Lindsay says. Again without question my wife obeys facing our friends. "Good slut," Lindsay says as Will walks up behind her and pats her pussy. Stephanie gasps face red.

Will plays with her wet slit and says, "Slut tell me you want my cock in your Slut pussy." Stephanie mumbles something inaudible. Clearly enjoying her pussy being played with, "What slut I couldn't hear you." Will says as he stops rubbing her pussy.

Loud enough for the room to hear Stephanie says, "I want your cock in my slut pussy." Her hips moving slightly Lindsay takes Will's cock and rubs it across her hot wet pussy.

"I think you need to ask nicely slut." Lindsay says.

Without a pause breathing heavy Stephanie says "Please, Please fuck my slut pussy." With that Lindsay guides Will's member into their slim friend, my wife, in front of four others.

Stephanie quickly begins to moan and roll her hips back onto Will's cock. Her little A cup tits sway with each thrust. Her face down to avoid looking at her audience as she fucks Will like a whore he picked up. After a few minutes it is clear Stephanie wants to cum and enjoys the rough fuck Will is giving her.

Lindsay kisses Will again and whispers in his ear a wicked smile on both their faces. Wil slowed his pace clearly disappointing the now horny Stephanie who was quickly becoming the slut she was assigned to be. Then Will stops and says, "Slut look up at our friends." Stephanie hesitated only for a second before she obeys. "Good slut." He says and rams three quick hard strokes into her ready pussy. Stephanie bites her lip and hummed for each at the edge of an orgasm. "Now ask Tom and Hal to play with your tits."

Unable to resist wanting cum so bad Stephanie begged, "Please Hal, Please Tom play with my tits." Both men needing no more encouragement stood and groped my wife playing with her tiny tits and rubbing her long brown nipples. "Mmmmm" Stephanie moans at the rough treatment her tits were getting. At that same moment Will renewed is fucking of my wife's wanton pussy.

"You like being the Club slut don't you Stephanie?" Will questions.

"Mmmmm yes" Stephanie moans back.

I can't believe it I am watching my wife on the brink of cumming while three men play with her body. Suddenly Will stops again. "Now beg for a cock in your mouth."

Stephanie immediately says, "Please I need a cock in my mouth please someone give me their cock." Like a flash Tom had his cock in Stephanie's mouth pumping in and out. Will grabbed her hips and fucks hard and fast.

My wife's breath was short she was having a hard time servicing Tom's cock in her mouth. Stephanie's left tit swaying with each hard stroke into her pussy, her right nipple pulled on by Hal. It was too much for Stephanie She threw her head back and howls with pleasure her hips moving on their own. Stephanie's head goes down against the table and her arms buckle. "Oh yes, oh yes, yes," she screams, "I am your slut fuck me, fuck me hard!" Will fucks her hard and with a final slam fills my wife's pussy with cum. 

Will pulls out of Stephanie's slick whole. "Who's next" Lindsay laughs and slaps Stephanie's ass. Stephanie still in the throes of orgasm.

This time Hal was the quicker and slammed his cock in Stephanie. "Fuck her, fuck our slut," Susan says encouraging Hal.

Hal not worried about Stephanie or her pleasure just pumping hard and fast. Grabbing Stephanie's hair he pulls her head back arching her back and forcing her to look at everyone. Alison says "Tom get your cock in that fucking slut's mouth. I want to see your cum across her slut face."

Tom walks around in front of Stephanie and says, "open up slut." Grabbing some hair on the back of her head. Stephanie weak and enjoying the rough treatment opens her mouth and Tom drives his cock down her throat. Surprised Stephanie's eyes go wide he holds her there for a moment then lets her suck him at her pace. Being rocked back and forth Stephanie moans an orgasm building again. Hal fucking hard grunts and adds his cum to Stephanie's increasingly sloppy pussy.

A few strokes later Tom pull out of Stephanie's mouth and sprays his load across her face. Lindsay sits on my lap wrapping her arms around me; her ass pressing my hard cock through my jeans, "you know she is your slut too." She says I look over at my wife her ass in the air her face covered in cum and cum dripping down her leg and in her bush. "Fuck her fill her up like the slut she is."

I pause and say, "I don't know." She squirms exciting my cock, stands up, unbuttons my pants, and pulls my cock out. Then pulls me to my feet holding my hand she pulls me behind Stephanie. Lindsay reaches down and guides my cock into my wife's sloppy slick pussy.

Lindsay leans in and whispers, "fuck this slut hard. If you make her cum when I am the club slut you can take my ass." I look at her and she winks. Stephanie still hot from being fucked by Hal instantly responds to me pounding her hard and fast. Stephanie gasps for air and suddenly shakes from her orgasm her eyes roll back and she grabs the edge of the coffee table. I look at my wife then around the room at the couples watching Stephanie cum. I pull out and spray my cum up Stephanie's back. I sit back down as we all just look at the club slut.

We sit for a few minutes looking as Stephanie lays on the coffee table a slutty mess. Olive skin covered in cum her pussy leaking cum into her black bush. Her hair a wild mess and cum on her face. Breathing heavy from the effort of two strong orgasms.

For a while we sit and look at my wife the club slut. Tom sitting next to Alison making out with his wife and Hal and Susan doing the same. Lindsay is rubbing Will's cock and whispers in his ear. The must of been at it for a while Will looks ready to cum. 

A minute later Will is standing next to the exhausted Stephanie and says, "roll over slut." Still in the glow of orgasm Stephanie rolls to her back. Will kneels a leg on either side of my slim wife. Then Lindsay walks to Will's side and jacks for a few minutes till he cums across Stephanie's tits and stomach.

Seeing what was happening Susan and Alison start to give their husbands hand jobs. Hal next kneels over Stephanie's face. "Suck his balls slut," Susan says as she works Hal's shaft. Stephanie opens her mouth and sucks Hal's sack.

Susan is a good looking woman the oldest of the group at 30. She is fair skinned and athletic. Her red hair and freckles were always a favorite of mine. She had a runner's ass and nice legs and B cups she always hides behind high collars.

Quickly overwhelmed by the attention of my wife and his wife Hal shoots his load at Stephanie's tits and abs.

Alison has Tom ready to cum and Tom quickly kneels over Stephanie's chest "open up slut," Alison says, "Tom has a treat for you." Stephanie opens her mouth and Alison aims Toms cock. With a few quick strokes Alison has Tom depositing a big load in her mouth. "Now swallow slut." To which Stephanie obeys and swallows Tom's cum.

Lindsay noticing my hard cock and no one to take care of it says, "slut don't forget about Sam. You're his slut too you know." Stephanie rolls her head and looks at me waiting for me to come over at add to the cum. I move to stand, but before I can Lindsay says, "no slut you crawl to him, and talk dirty. You tell him you are his fuck slut. That you want to ride him and make him cum."

Stephanie rolls over and goes to get off the table leaving her ass exposed and Lindsay slaps it with a hard smack. "Come on you cum slut we don't have all day." Lindsay says. Once off the coffee table Stephanie lowers herself down on her hands and knees and crawls over to me. Cum forming droplets and falling to the floor from her tits. The movement causing more cum to leak from her used pussy. Lindsay following Stephanie like a dog that might disobey a command.

Stephanie crawls to me and kneels. And looks at me a mess of cum and sweat, hair in all directions. "Sam," Stephanie says, "please, let me be your fuck slut. I want you to cum in my slut hole, please." All I can do is blink this can't be my wife she had never said anything to me even close to that. "I want to ride your cock, please, please let me ride your cock until you cum in me."

I look at my wife shock on my face then around the room. As my eyes fall on Lindsay still behind my wife she nods and so do I. I open my mouth to tell her to climb up, but before I can Lindsay says. "Climb up there and fuck him like the fucking cum slut you are Steph. I want you to squeeze every drop from Sam's cock."

Stephanie stands turns away from me and rides me reverse cowgirl moaning playing with her tits. She rode me harder than she ever had before. After a few minutes she says, "oh, oh yes I love your cock. I love how it feels in my pussy. Please cum in my slut pussy." Not able to control myself at the transformation of my wife I grab her hips and throw her down on my cock cumming deep inside her. "Oh, yes Sam fill me up, fill your slut wife up." Stephanie yells as she falls back on me in an orgasm of her own.
