 "Get out of the shower, babe!! We are going to be late!" Shyanne hollered through the bathroom door to her husband.

There was nothing Shyanne hated more than being late. Ok well, maybe a messy house. And come to think of it, any loss of control at all. Shyanne liked order and control.

Tate emerged out of the bathroom 15 minutes later, dressed in a pressed blue button up shirt, and jeans.

"I'm overdressed aren't I?" asked Shyanne. She was dressed in a short black skirt, a red and black corset, and knee high boots.

"No Shy, you look perfect. Stop worrying about everything all the time. Remember, this is the night for you to relax." her husband reminded her.

"You know, I could relax a little more if I knew where we were going."

"Not a chance, baby. Just chill," he said, with a devious smile.

She climbed up into her husband's pick up and waited to see which direction they would go. When he turned left, she was confused. She thought she had guessed where they were going. They had already had dinner, so she just assumed they would go to her favorite club. She had left little hints all week long about how she would love to go dancing. Fifteen minutes later they were pulling up to a dark brick building. 'Where did this place come from?' Thought Shyanne. She didn't recall ever seeing this place here. A beautifully lit sign with calligraphy font hung above the front entrance. "DARK"...what a strange name for a club. The double doors were a lustrous black and polished to perfection.

"Is this a new dance club?" Shyanne asked her husband.

"Nope." his eyebrows arched up and he corrected the smirk on his lips, going back to his poker face.

She crossed her arms waiting for him to park. She was going to make him pay for this later. Maybe make him tie her up and give her the works. Yes, she loved being in control in every facet of her life. Except sex. Shyanne loved to be tied up and worked over by her husband. It took stress away and was the one area she could just let go, and let the stress fall to the side.

Running around to the other side of the pick-up, he opened the door, helping her down. He held her arm in his, gliding his finger from her wrist to her elbow softly as they walked to the imposing entrance, and then held a door open for her. It was dimly lit inside with glowing red lamps that only slightly illuminated a long hallway. At the end, a man and woman stood behind a podium. Both were beautifully dressed. So much so she started to feel as if she may have actually under dressed. The man was in an exquisite three piece suit that hung perfectly over his muscular body. He reminded her of a body builder and she imagined tattoos covering the skin that was currently covered by the expensive threads. He had brown hair swept back and held in place with wax, and light stubble over a squared jaw. The woman had kind, dark chocolate eyes. A tight pencil skirt hugged her curved hips and round bottom. The white collar shirt was buttoned down showing a generous swell of cleavage, giving the illusion of a corset under her shirt pushing everything up. Her heels were so high Shyanne wondered how she managed to move from that spot without breaking her ankles.

"Name?" the woman asked in a sultry voice.

"Ross." Tate told the woman.

"Ross? But..." Shyanne started to argue. That wasn't their last name.

When he silenced her, it reminded her of the way he acted in the bedroom. Tate made it clear he was in control now. Shyanne couldn't help but quiet immediately. The woman was holding something long, silk, and black in her hands.

"Sir, who will be wearing this tonight?" asked the woman.

"Miss Ross." Tate said gruffly.

'Wearing, what does that mean?' Shyanne thought. She knew better than to ask, as her husband was serious when he silenced her earlier. The woman walked behind Shyanne and pressed her breasts against Shyanne's back. This shocked Shyanne, firstly because the woman was so close. And secondly because it caused a sexual tingle between her legs. Why was this turning her on? She wrapped the silk scarf tightly over Shyanne's eyes.

'They're blindfolding me? Where are we?' she thought. She felt very confused but the butterflies fluttered from deep in her stomach and pulsed between her legs. 

Her husband's warm fingers interlocked with hers and he led her down what sounded like a hallway. She could hear a strange noise. It wasn't music, but more like a rhythmic "swish swish" sound that could easily be mistaken for music. There was moaning from what sounded like several people that seemed to be added in the track. They turned a corner, and she brushed against something soft and cool on her skin. A curtain? She wasn't sure. Tate stopped her, and then grabbing her shoulders he guided her backward to sit down on a large chair that felt like crushed velvet on her skin.

Warm fingers traced her lips.

"What are we doing, Tate?' she whispered.

He just placed his finger over her mouth, telling her to be quiet. While this was very exciting, she couldn't help but wonder where he had brought her. A hotel room? It looked like a club from the outside but maybe it was some kind of fantasy hotel. She couldn't be sure because she couldn't even see. Lips brushed over her right shoulder, on the back of her neck, and over her left shoulder, sending a wave of tingles through her whole body. And especially in her panties. She was probably being silly but the lips felt very feminine and nothing like her husband's. The lips were kissing her bare shoulders, and running a soft tongue down her arms to her fingers. Taking in one, and then two fingers between the lips and sucking gently on Shyanne's fingers. 

She jumped when a second set of lips started sucking on her fingers on the other hand, and yet another pair kissed her on the mouth at the same time. They were all very feminine feeling mouths, tongues, and lips. The thought of three women kissing her, no matter how unlikely that was, was a huge turn on to Shyanne. Her heart was racing now, breath picking up through parted lips. She reached forward with one hand to try to feel the person in front of her. Her hands were then grabbed and lifted above her head and tied to something fuzzy, leaving them suspended there. Someone was undoing her corset from the back, pushing her body forward a bit to get the last buttons toward the bottom. Then rubbing her shoulders, and she knew these were the hands of a man. They were big, warm, and strong. As he rubbed her shoulders it almost hurt, but felt heavenly at the same time, Shyanne moaned a little.

The whole thing felt so wrong. Wrong in the way that she knew there were many people involved in her being wet now. She didn't know if her husband was ok with this or if he was even in the room anymore. She panicked for a split second hoping it wasn't a trick or test of some sort to see if she would cheat. But it felt too good for that panic to settle in.

A woman with long hair began kissing Shyanne's legs. She could feel her long hair tickling her as the woman pulled off her boots, kissing down to her feet. Plump breasts rubbed against Shyanne's legs as she worked her soft kisses up her legs, moving inward toward her aching pussy. She wanted to run her fingers through the woman's hair, play with her large boobs, feel her face but her hands weren't free to play.

The man was still behind her, kissing and flicking her ear with his tongue. He groaned gruffly, and Shyanne knew for sure that wasn't Tate. The groan was different. Nothing she had ever heard before. He put his hands on both sides of her face and the woman moved from between her legs. A different set of legs were now between Shyanne's. A table or something was moved in between her legs then, and the man behind her sat her up straighter and pushed her forward on the chair slightly. Something warm and very soft was touching her lips now. She stuck her tongue out to investigate what was touching her lips only to find it was the tip of a hard cock. She felt the realization in the pit of her stomach, and almost came then and there, moaning loudly. As she opened her mouth to release the moan, the man slid his cock passed her lips. The man behind her still held her head, and leaned down to whisper in her ear.

"Get it wet."

Lapping her wet tongue around the shaft, she did as she was told. And also realized for certain that this was her husband Tate's cock. So she sucked it just like she knows he likes it. He moved his hips in and out as he fucked her face working up the pace. The man behind her holding her face never let go, making it hard for her to swirl her tongue the way Tate liked. He pushed into her mouth deep and held it at her throat for a few seconds. Then he pulled it out and seemed to disappear. Two small hands pushed her legs apart and started kissing her inner thighs furiously. The woman kissed over Shyanne's panties, making her wiggle in the chair. She licked through the silk rhythmically until she was panting, moaning, and about to lose control. Two more times and she was going to explode through her panties. But the woman stopped.

"No!" Shyanne yelled out.

The man who held her from behind put his hand over her mouth to quiet her. Nobody was touching her aside from the man holding her mouth, and she started to listen to her surroundings. Waiting to hear someone walk closer to her. But all she could hear was that swishing noise she heard before and the moaning. She started to realize that the moaning wasn't as on beat with the swishing noise, and she understood that it was really other people moaning. Screaming with pleasure. Begging for more. Her heart rate raced again and she when she breathed out a sigh of air, it shook in her throat. The man behind her removed his hand from her mouth and started massaging her head, making bumps rise all over her skin then he helped her stand from the chair. 

The chair was moved from behind her, but she didn't feel anyone physically moving it. And the fuzzy thing that held her hands above her head was raised up to put her hands back in the position they were in. Two sets of small hands started to massage her legs. They worked her ankles, and then up to her calves, massaging around her knees and up to her thighs. The higher they moved, the more her legs shook. They were both massaging from her ass, around her pelvic line to her inner thigh, brushing lightly against her very wet pussy. Moving up her hips, both women grabbed the sides of her panties and pulled them down to her ankles, lifting her feet to free them. Then they removed her skirt. She stood there completely naked. She could feel cool air over her pussy lips and her legs shook again, and stopped when the air stopped. The man that was behind her moved, and another one took his place.

"Spread your legs for me baby." It was Tate behind her now.

Shyanne did, and leaned back against him. He ran his large hands over her bare stomach, and up over her breasts in that familiar way he always did. A woman was between her legs now, diving deep into her wet pussy. Sucking up every little bit of juice that had trickled down her inner thigh. Tate was rubbing all over her body, letting his cock rest at her ass. The woman stuck her tongue inside Shyanne's pussy deep and Shyanne bounced on top of her until she came so hard on the woman's face. Her legs shook and lost strength as she was just hanging there by her arms above her head. Tate helped to hold up her weak body.

"You're not done yet." he whispered in her ear.

The fuzzy thing holding up her arms was loosened and and released from the rope. They were still left tied together though. Then a bar was placed in front of her and her hands placed on the bar. Tate grabbed her hips pulling her back, as another set of hands held hers on the bar. Tate pulled her back until her ass was sticking out, back straight. Then he massaged her ass and down over her pussy, sticking two fingers inside her hard. She moaned loudly, surprised at how fast she was bouncing back from the orgasm. A warm cock slid over her lips, but she was sure this time it wasn't Tate's cock. She had never taken another man's cock into her mouth. Fantasized about it, yes, but never actually done it. She started to get nervous but the feeling was interrupted by Tate's hard, long cock ramming into her pussy. Not just once, but pounding over and over. It was rubbing over her g-spot furiously and she started to scream out in pleasure. 

The man in front of her shoved his dick in her mouth then and gently began to slide it back and forth in her mouth, letting her soak it with her saliva. He was a little longer than her husband and his tip reached much further into the back of her throat. She clenched her throat around his tip, massaging it. He groaned loudly, grabbing her hair and pulling her face closer to him. She gripped the bar in both hands with full force as Tate was pounding her from behind, and about to cum. She could tell. And the man was fucking her face, and it felt like he was about to explode too judging by the shivers and contractions of his cock in her mouth. First he came deep in her throat, not giving her time to prepare for his salty load, and then as her pussy contracted around Tate's pumping cock, about to cum hard from g-spot stimulation, Tate came. His load was felt through her whole body. His fingers digging into her hips, pulling her into him, almost screaming. The man in front of her removed his cock from her mouth, leaving his cum still dripping from her lips. Tate removed his cock from her pussy, and she dropped to her knees, exhausted.

Someone untied her hands and lifted her up, then lay her down on some kind of mattress. It felt like it was full of feathers, and covered in silk sheets. It was so comfortable and cool on her skin, she just wanted to curl up and sleep. Fingers were massaging her feet, then more fingers massaging her hips. Different hands in her hair, and others on her breasts. She had no idea how many people had their hands on her but she could feel she was surrounded. Two knees straddled her head, and a wet pussy was lowered onto her lips. She licked and sucked happily. She loved the taste of pussy. The woman above her writhed and shook as Shyanne put her hands on her hips and ate her pussy, tongued her little hole, and then flicked her swollen clit. 

The hands were massaging Shyanne's clit, fingering her wet pussy, rubbing her ass, her tits, her hips. It was a lot of sensation to take in at once. After the woman above her lost her cum all over Shyanne's needy lips, another woman replaced her. With every woman shaking and coming all over her lips, she was worked up to full force again. Ready to cum all over whoever's fingers were buried in her pussy. Someone placed their tongue on Shyanne's clit as she was being finger fucked, rubbed, and massaged, and her whole body trembled. The orgasm built up from her head and slid down her whole body, taking her breath away. She felt like the wind was knocked out of her. Then it was gushed back into her lungs as her body convulsed and she came harder than she had ever cum in her life. She screamed at the top of her lungs, then everything went quiet.

Shyanne didn't know how much time had passed but she knew that someone was putting a soft robe over her shoulders and fastening it around her waist. Tate's arms were wrapped around her, guiding her somewhere.

"Thank you." he whispered to someone. Shyanne wasn't sure who. Was it her? If so she didn't even have the energy to answer him. She could smell the interior spray of his truck when he opened the door.

"Up you go." he said softly. Helping her up to her seat. Silence. Then his door opening. Shutting. Hands on the back of her head. He removed the blindfold from her eyes. The cab of the pick-up was dark, but slightly lit from the dash lights. She peeked up at her husband. His expression looked as if he was searching for what she was thinking. She smiled a tired smile and scooted closer to him, burying her head in his arms and falling asleep.