 "Alicia had always noticed the beautiful young black girl that came to her coffee shop each evening on her way home from college, and lately had been thinking about her whenever she was alone. Her husband complained that they weren't having sex often enough, and this was true: she had been going to town with a vibrator each time she thought of the girl, Charlotte, so Alicia had to do something.

Charlotte entered the shop as usual, about twenty minutes before closing time, ordered her coffee and settled on the couch with a book. Alicia approached her and quite plainly told her that when she was alone she found herself soaking wet at the thought of Charlotte sitting on her face. The nineteen-year-old girl slowly closed her book and stood up, and pushed Alicia down on the couch. She smiled and lifted her skirt, revealing a smooth shaven cunt and nodded.

"I want it too," she said quietly, explaining that it was her first time wanting to touch a woman and trailing off as Alicia began to tease her clit with a finger. Alicia smiled as Charlotte gasped, her pussy bucking against Alicia's wet hand. Alicia guided her forward and leaned her over the couch, burying her face into the dark cunt before her. She licked Charlotte's clit while roughly pushing two fingers inside of her own dripping hole. Charlotte moaned and slowly massaged her young breasts, the nipples erect and hot to the touch. 

The front door of the shop burst open revealing Alicia's husband. Alicia jumped back and began wiping the pussy juice from her face while Ben locked the door and strode to the couch in a fluid motion. "What do we have here?" he asked in a flat tone. Alicia began to stammer and fret until she noticed Ben's erection throbbing beneath his pants. Without a word, Charlotte leaned forward, unzipped his pants, and pulled out his huge dick. 

Alicia grinned as Charlotte began sucking her husband off slowly and as deep as she could take him into her mouth. Ben grabbed the back of her head and began to softly fuck her face as Alicia began to lick the girl's tight ass hole while fingering her own cunt which had grown swollen and wet at the sight of the girl struggling to take her husband's massive cock into her mouth. 

Charlotte sat back and gasped as the couple laughed and took the opportunity to slip out of the remainder of their clothes. Charlotte reached out, toyed with the nipples sitting high on Alicia's big tits, took one into her mouth as her free hand slid down, and began to massage the clit below. Ben smiled and leaned over, slowly sliding his tongue in and out of the dripping hole before him. He then rose and slipped his throbbing cock into the waiting gash. Charlotte ground her tight pussy down to the hilt of his member and began to work her finger in and out of Alicia's asshole to the rhythm of Bens thrusts. 

Ben flipped the girl over and began to fuck her in a missionary position. Charlotte moaned and grasped at her own breasts. Ben commanded Alicia to sit down on Charlotte's face and smiled as the girl began to lap eagerly at the cunt hanging above her. Alicia moaned as the girl sucked her clit into her mouth spurring her to grind eagerly on her face, pulling on her own nipples and grunting. Spurred on by his wife's obvious pleasure Ben began to fuck the young girl very hard, intently watching his member disappear into the mocha pussy as his wife moaned above him. Alicia grabbed her husband by the back of the head and kissed him deeply as she came on Charlotte's face, her body shuddering with each explosion as the girl gasped beneath her. 

Alicia rose and moved to a chair in the corner as she watched her husband continue on with Charlotte. The girl's face was glistening and wet and upturned to gaze at Ben as he reamed her. "Put it in my ass," her lips whispered and Alicia felt herself growing excited again at the thought of Charlotte doing what she herself had never been able to do. Without a word, Ben pulled back from the girl and helped her onto all fours. He then lowered his head and buried it between Charlotte's legs, lapping at her dilated ass while slowly jerking himself off. 

Alicia could take it no longer and rose to aid him in his endeavours. She lapped at his balls and tasted Charlotte all over again. Ben shoved his erection into her waiting mouth and used his newly free hand to tease Charlotte's clit while slowly working his tongue in and out of her asshole. Alicia had her own hand buried between her legs, three fingers worked into her dripping hole, and was rapidly working towards her second orgasm of the night. 

Ben pulled back out of her grasp and gasped, holding himself back as the two woman writhed before him in alternate throes of ecstasy. He pulled his wife to her feet by her hair and kissed her deeply while gently placing her on the couch beside Charlotte. Alicia kissed the girl gently and worked her way beneath her, sandwiching Charlotte between the couple softly. 

Ben slowly worked his cock into the girl's tight virgin asshole, while his wife teased Charlotte's clit by grinding her own pussy against it. Charlotte squealed and bucked against the woman below her as Ben found his gentle rhythm and began fucking Charlotte joyfully, watching her smooth ass echo with each thrust, the generous ass rippling beneath his hands. Charlotte began to hump wildly as the friction built between the three shouting as she came between the couple, spurring Ben to fuck her wildly as he felt the orgasm building at the base of his balls. 

At the last moment Ben pulled out of Charlotte and shoved his cock into Alicia's pussy which hung below Charlotte's cunt dripping and ready. Alicia moaned as her husband buried himself in her over and over. She came again and kissed Charlotte hard on the mouth to muffle her own cries. Ben pulled his cock out of Alicia and came on the faces of the two kissing woman before falling beside the two in an exhausted heap. 

"Jesus Christ, Alicia!" He laughed, "If I had known all I had to do was bring in another woman I never would have complained in the first place!" Alicia smiled and stroked Charlotte's hair, kissing her gently and sighing with contentment, her itch finally scratched, and said nothing. All she could think of was how she wanted more. More taboo, more sex, more options. "Oh Ben, I think there is much more to be done....." Alicia said at last.