 I received an email from a guy in Sweden who saw my personal bisexual ad in one of the gay sites and was coming to the US on an extended business trip and wanted to know where I was located. When I wrote him back, he said that he would be in town in about 2 weeks and would I be interested in getting together with him as he had something interesting to talk about. I confirmed the date he gave me and we blocked out a time to meet. He said he would email me when he arrived to let me know which hotel he would be staying at. 

The day before we were going to meet, I received an email from him telling me where he was staying and we set up a time to get together. His name was Sven and I was very pleasantly surprised when he opened the hotel room door and I saw a very good looking, tall, blonde guy inviting me inside. After some small talk, he asked if I would like to get to know him better and when I agreed, he began removing his clothes and I followed suit. He had a trim, muscular athlete’s body and when he turned around, my heart leapt when I saw the size of his organ. It was semi-hard and had to be 8 ½” long and very thick with a large, sloped, cut head with a deep ridge all around it. He was gazing in admiration at my penis, which was already erect, and walked over and took it in his hand as he cupped my tight balls in his other hand. I put my hand around his rapidly rising organ and dropped to my knees so I could look at it more closely. 

It was totally irresistible and I flicked out my tongue to lick the beautiful head and couldn’t help but take it between my lips and suck it gently as I played with his big, full balls. He sighed and suggested that we get into bed as he wanted to get to know me as well so we lay down on our sides and rested our heads on each other’s thighs and began to get to know each other more intimately. I gazed at his gorgeous cock and full ball sac and just knew I was going to be lost in pleasure as soon as I started sucking him. 

We both started by licking and sucking our balls and we took our time about it since we were both enjoying what we were doing. I held his massive penis in my hand as I sucked his balls and then, on occasion, worked my tongue over and into his puckered asshole and he followed my lead by doing the same to me. Then I just had to have him in my mouth and lifted my head to lick and nibble on his thick shaft as I worked my way up his enormous pole until I reached his crown. I ran my tongue around his ridge and then all over his smooth cockhead where I found a drop of precum oozing out his slit. 

I licked it up just before it ran down his shaft and then took his crown in my mouth and sucked it to get more of his juices. I felt his mouth cover my cockhead and his tongue rolling all over it as he was enjoying my juices as well. We took our time sucking each other and each time one of us seemed to be ready to cum we edged off until we calmed down and then went back to sucking again. After some time, we both couldn’t hold out any longer and, as if by signal, started deep throating each other and drawing deeply on our organs to make each other cum. Then I felt his cock swell in my mouth and was rewarded with hot ropes of cum pouring into my mouth and on my tongue. As soon as I swallowed the first load, my cock erupted in his mouth and began shooting cum while he was still in orgasm and still pumping cum into my mouth. We both sucked each other’s cocks like we needed cum to survive and kept drawing on our members long after our last spasms ended to make sure we got every drop. 

We were lying back on the pillows resting and refreshing ourselves with a cold drink when Sven told me that he was forming a club on the internet which would strictly be for bisexual guys like us. It will be an international organization with members in cities all over the world so that, when any members were traveling on business or vacation, and could free up a few hours while the wife or girlfriend was shopping, they could get together for some fun. All they would have to do is check the club listings on the website for members in the city they were going to, check the members personal data and pic in the member’s area and then e-mail someone they particularly like and make arrangements to get together just like we did now. 

I told him it was a great idea and he could count me in. I also told him I have another potential member for him and asked if he would mind if I invited him over to join us now so that he could get to know him also while he was in town. He thought it was a great idea and when I told Don on the phone that it would be well worth his while to come over to the hotel as soon as possible, he readily agreed.

Since Don’s office was downtown, there was a knock on the door about 5 minutes later and Sven hid behind the door as he invited him in so no one passing by would see he was naked. I saw the look of appreciation on Don’s face as he closed the door and Sven turned to face him. His eyes locked on his organ, which was formidable even soft, and I introduced both of them and suggested that Don undress as quickly as possible and join us in bed. When Don was naked, he turned and walked to the bed and I saw Sven’s eyes fastened on his cock which was already hard and thrusting out before him. When Don got up on the bed on his knees, Sven reached out and cupped his balls in his hand and leaned forward to lick his crown and all around his shaft before he took his head in his mouth. 

As soon as his lips covered Don’s cockhead, he slid down on the bed on his side so that his cock never left his mouth as he buried his head in his crotch and breathed in his sexy aroma before licking his balls and running his fingers over his magnificent organ. 

I was getting hot just watching the sexy scene before me so I lay down behind Don with my head near his balls and took them in my mouth as Sven sucked deeply on his cock. After a while, I moved over behind Sven and gazed at his big full ball sac before taking each of his mammoth balls in my mouth, one at a time, and licking them as I sucked them and watched Don swallowing his thick meat only inches from my eyes. As I sucked his balls, I felt them move in my mouth and heard Sven’s muffled moan as his thick cock began pumping his delicious juices into Don’s hungry mouth and I kept sucking his balls to give Don as much cum as possible. As Sven’s orgasm abated, Don began to moan as he kept his organ in his mouth and began pumping hot cum down his throat which we heard Sven gulp down as each spasm fed him more juice. When the two of them finally released each other’s cocks and lay back to relax, Don noticed my fully erect and throbbing organ and told me to give both of you a few minutes to rest and then you would both take care of me very nicely. 

My cock stayed fully erect throughout our short break and I noticed both of you looking at it with lust in your eyes. Then Sven rolled over on his stomach, presenting his gorgeous ass to my view, and asked me if I would like to fuck him. I needed no prodding and, as he raised his butt in the air to give me full access to his puckered asshole, I smeared a dollop of lube on his hole and on the head of my organ and fit my cock to his waiting hole and pushed the head inside as he gasped and asked for more meat. I worked my thick organ in and out until it was sliding in smoothly and then began feeding it inside inch by inch until my cockhairs rested up against his ass cheeks. 

As I held it there listening to his moans of passion, I felt Don’s cock press against my asshole and felt his cockhead slide inside as he worked his organ deep inside me. My thick organ was being milked by Sven’s anus as I kept it deep in his ass and Don’s beautiful cock felt so good filling me up as I fucked him that I was in Nirvana and totally gave myself up to the sensations that were coursing through my body. 

I had been so horny while Sven and Don were sucking each other and I was sucking his balls and now, having my cock massaged by his tight anus while Don stroked in and out of me, drove me over the edge and my penis began shooting ropes of cum into his talented ass in wave after wave of sublime pleasure. As my last spasm passed, I felt Don’s erection swell and then jerk as it spewed his hot cum into me and I pushed back to get as much of his juices as possible. I collapsed on top of Sven and Don lay on top of me as both our organs slowly receded and slid out of their warm confines. 

We lay there a while recuperating and then rolled off to lay back on the bed. When Sven turned over, we both saw his magnificent tool standing straight up and just begging to be taken care of. As if by signal, both of us moved down to the gorgeous erection and passed it back and forth between us as we licked and sucked his thick pole. When Don had his cockhead in his mouth, I concentrated on his balls and then we switched off. Sven was enjoying our attentions and was moaning in passion as we serviced his delicious meat. Don was just passing his penis to me when he groaned and his cock jerked in my hand as it shot a jet of cum on my face. I covered the head with my mouth and swallowed his next load before passing it over to Don so he could have some also and we shared his cum until his spasms passed and we couldn’t get any more of his juices out. Then Don spotted his cum on my face and licked it clean before we lay back and relaxed.

Since it was still mid afternoon and Sven wasn’t leaving until tomorrow, I asked him if he would like me to ask my wife over to join us. He looked surprised and agreed wholeheartedly and, as I was picking up the phone, Don mentioned that Lisa would probably like to join us also and Sven couldn’t believe it although he loved the idea of a fivesome with the women. I called Tyko and told her where we were and that, if she can take the rest of the day off, I could guarantee she’d have a great time. She said that she’d be over shortly and Lisa said the same after Don phoned her right after I got off with Tyko.

About half an hour later, there was a knock on the door. I stood behind the door as I was still naked and opened it to find both gals standing there. I let them in and locked the door behind them. They both smiled when they saw the three of us naked and Leese grasped my organ and pulled me over to the bed asking me to introduce them to our new friend. I introduced Tyko and Lisa to Sven and Tyko reached down to shake his cock in greeting and it immediately started to get hard. Both of the girls started to undress and Sven commented on their beauty as they revealed more and more of themselves to him. Leese stated that, since we already had Sven to ourselves for some time, that it was their turn now and she settled herself down between his thighs and proceeded to lick his balls and run her fingers up and down his rigid shaft. 

Tyko got up on the bed and lowered her cunt to Sven’s mouth and started feeding him her crotch to suck. Watching the sexy action before us got our organs hard and I took Don’s member in my hand and led him over to the bed where we lay down alongside the three of them in a 69 position so we could munch on each other’s cocks as we watched them suck each other. Leese was fondling Sven’s beautiful penis and remarking about how good it tasted and felt in her mouth while Tyko sensuously fucked his mouth and described how good it felt as she moved her hips around and fed him her delights. I had Don’s erection in my mouth and was lovingly sucking his cockhead just as he was doing mine when we saw the girls trade positions and Tyko squealed in delight as she grasped Sven’s thick organ and began taking it deep down her throat while Leese settled down on his face and groaned as his tongue entered her wet hole. 

We were enjoying nursing on each other’s cocks while watching them when Tyko lifted her mouth from his penis and stated that, since the three of us had been sucking each other all day, she and Leese would like us to service them with our cocks and fill all their holes with cum.

I asked Don to lay down on his back and called my wife over and had her sit on his thick pole. As she worked his penis smoothly into her wet vagina, I asked Sven to get in position and feed his cock into her asshole. As he fit the head of his organ to her anus, he squeezed out a load of precum and lubricated her back passage as he thrust the crown inside and started moving it in and out going deeper with each thrust of his hips. I told Lisa that she was just going to have to wait her turn and swung around with my knees on either side of Don’s head as I fed her my cock to suck as Sven and Don filled her with their thick, throbbing organs. My wife was gurgling in delight having all her holes filled like that and was moaning as she sucked me which resulted in a hum job and felt great. 

Don was licking my balls as she sucked me and meanwhile Leese was moving from one to the other and occupying herself with running her hands or lips over Sven’s balls and anus as he fucked my wife’s beautiful ass and then coming over to me and grasping my balls in her hands as she kissed me and slid her tongue down my throat while tugging on my balls and feeding them to her husband. She reached under and played with Tyko’s erect nipples and then my wife’s body stiffened and she moaned loudly around my organ and thrashed her hips around trying to get more cock in both her holes as she experienced a mind blowing orgasm. Once she calmed down and came back to Earth, I suggested that she relax a while and let Leese have some fun. 

Don asked if we could switch positions and I lay down on my back with my erection standing straight up as Sven went quickly inside to clean up before continuing and Lisa lowered her wet cunt to my throbbing penis and, after a few short thrusts, sat down on it and let it fill her vagina. Don moved behind her and after applying some KY to both his organ and hers, fed the head inside her tight anus and worked it smoothly in and out before feeding it deeper and deeper. Lisa was in another world from the two cocks inside her and when Sven kneeled down over me and started feeding her his penis, I couldn’t resist lifting my head and sucking his balls. Tyko had been watching us as she fingered her pussy and couldn’t resist coming over and touching us as all four of us were on cloud 9 as we lost ourselves in pleasure. 

We fucked like this for some time when suddenly I heard Don cry out that he was cumming and then felt Leese bearing down on me as her cunt contracted around my shaft and I felt her juices wet my organ as she shuddered in orgasm. My penis exploded and spurts of hot cum shot into her vagina as I experienced spasm after spasm of indescribable pleasure. As I came, I had Sven’s balls in my mouth and could feel them twitch as his cock erupted and he started feeding Leese his hot cum. I watched her sucking furiously and gulping down his juices as he pumped load after load down her throat. When we calmed down, we all lay down on the bed to relax before getting dressed and calling it a night. 

Since he was leaving in the morning, we told Sven to count us in regarding the Club and to make sure he tries to get back here as soon as possible as we’re all going to miss having his beautiful cock to play with. He told us to be prepared for lots of sex once the club gets going and asked us to try and visit Sweden sometime as he could introduce us to lots of wonderful people there and assured us that we would have the greatest sex of our lives as his guests. We said our goodnights and headed home with Don and Lisa who dropped us off at our building after we discussed the exciting events of the day and got horny all over again.

Tyko and I had a beautiful goodnight fuck after discussing Sven’s cock and her tri-cock experience. We fell asleep thinking about how lucky we were to know people like Lisa, Don and Sven.