 "What do you think?" 

Felicia beams. She is excited, smiling even more than usual. I am surprised she is not at least a little nervous, given our plans, but she doesn't seem like it. And she seems to be very happy with her outfit, showing off and looking for my approval, knowing she will get it. 

"I think you look amazing. Just right for the occasion" I tell her. 

I'm not just saying it. She does look amazing – enough to take my breath away. It takes some self control for me to stay where I am, rather than going over to her and taking what her outfit is clearly offering. On just about any other night I would, but tonight is different. There is good reason for restraint. 

Felicia is wearing heels, high and thin. I look up and down her legs for a moment. I have to look a long way up before I come to the next piece of clothing – a red mini skirt that barely reaches her upper thighs. I know that below the skirt is a black thong – the one we bought together a few days ago. That is a memory worthy of its own story. I know because I watched her put it on, but if the skirt moves even a little, everyone else will know too.

Above the skirt Felicia is wearing my favourite kind of top – she knows what I like. Her top hangs loosely around her neck in a halter top, leaving her shoulders uncovered. It has no back, so her back too is completely exposed. The sides hang low, giving the careful observer from the right angle a clear view of Felicia's breasts. There is no bra. Felicia's breasts sit so perfectly, so high and firm, that she rarely needs a bra. 

To complete the outfit, Felicia wears large hoop earrings, and a necklace. Just enough to frame her beautiful face, and then draw attention down to her marvelous figure. As always, her hair cascades in glorious waves down to her shoulders and beyond.

It is not an outfit you could ever wear to a normal party, or even to a nightclub. But tonight is not likely to be a normal party. 

I should take a moment to describe Felicia. She is about 5'6'', Brazilian, and beautiful. She has an athletic figure; you could bounce coins off her stomach, and her arms and back show tiny but defined muscles. And yet, she is very feminine, with curvy hips and small but pert and perfect breasts. Her intense brown eyes are the centre feature of a beautiful face, framed by wavy brown hair that belongs on a classic movie star. Her mixed Brazilian European heritage gives her the beautiful olive skin.

For my part, I am in jeans and a collared shirt. It looks like a normal outfit – and it is. I guess the rules for men are different at these events.

I walk over to Felicia, take her hand and place it on my jeans, letting her know just how I feel about the outfit. At the same time I take the skirt by the hem and roll it up, exposing her thong. It doesn't have to go far. That gives me the access I'm looking for, and I quickly slip my hand inside the thong. 

Felicia has prepared everything for tonight, and I am not surprised to find her smooth skin, freshly waxed. I run my finger along her lips. She may not seem outwardly nervous, but she certainly is excited. Her warm cunt is already wet, anticipating my touch, anticipating the evening. She gives a low moan and leans in to me, resting her head on my chest. I start the movements she expects, brushing her clit lightly, over and over. She starts to move, closing her eyes and drifting away with the feeling. 

I could make her cum. I could turn her around, pull the thong down and fuck her right here in the hallway. I could hint, and she would take the hint, drop to her knees and take me in her mouth. I want to do all three. And the rock hard erection in my jeans is hard to ignore. But tonight calls for constraint. I whisper in her ear, something, and withdraw my hand. She gasps and opens her eyes, looking at me like I have committed a crime. She is about to speak, but I put my hand, covered in her juices, over her mouth. She licks my fingers clean. She loves the taste of pussy.

At that moment my phone beeps. 

"Looks like its time to go – our cab is here"

We grab our coats. Felicia has a long trench coat. Once she has the coat on, you would never know what lies beneath. We step out into the cold London night, raining a little as ever. The car is waiting in the street, and the driver opens the door for Felicia. I wonder for a moment if he has any idea what is below the coat. Maybe he recognized the address I gave him. 

It's only a short drive to central London, to the venue of tonight's event. From the outside it seems much like a typical London house, one in a long row of terrace houses, white paint and round pillars, a stair case leading up to the black painted door. But unlike the many old buildings that have been turned into London flats, this one is unconverted, retaining the character and lay out of the palatial home it once was. It is easy to imagine some moneyed aristocrat throwing parties for high society here back in the 1920s. 

At the door we present our invitations. The woman on the door asks Felicia whether I am with her, and she confirms that I am. They are strict on their policy, as stated on the invitations. No single men will be allowed. 

Beyond the front door we enter the main room. It is a grand old sitting room, with a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, a piano in one corner and a small bar in the other. There are people in the room already, but the party is just beginning. As we survey the scene, a woman comes to us and offers to take our coats. 

Felicia looks at me, and for the first time, she looks nervous. It's just a coat, but when Felicia takes the coat off, it seems like we are committed. We could still walk away, but we've talked about this. We both want it. I would never have considered coming here with anyone before Felicia, but once she raised the idea, it became irresistible to me. And I know Felicia wants it. Now is not the time for second thoughts. 

Felicia seems to read my mind. With a final smile, she undoes the belt of her coat and lets the woman take it from her. She is standing there now, exposed in her sexy, slutty, outfit. The woman taking the coats doesn't even react, just takes the coats, gives us a number, and walks away. 

I take Felicia by the hand, kiss her once, and lead her to the bar. Now the full scene of the room becomes clear. There are 20 or so couples in the room, and another 20 or so girls who appear to be unaccompanied. The outfits of the girls range from nothing more daring than a low cut top and a skirt to the most brazen, a girl wearing garters, crotch-less panties and a bra. She stands out, not just for the outfit, but for her impressive figure. Flat stomach, long legs, large breasts and long blond hair. The crotch-less panties let anyone who wants to know see that the blonde hair is natural, as a thin landing strip of blonde hair sits above her pussy

I leave Felicia to go the bar and get us a drink. We could both use it. 

When I get back, carrying two glasses of champagne, Felicia has made a friend. It's a tall red headed girl. The two are chatting like they would at any party. The only difference is that next to Felicia's already daring outfit, this girl with the red hair is even more provocatively dressed. She is wearing a white dress that plunges down between her large breasts. It barely covers her nipples. At the bottom it wraps tightly around her butt, but no lower. In a club it would look classless and slutty, but here it fits right in. It is clear to all to see that there is a black string thong underneath the dress. I get the feeling that that is not an oversight, but very deliberate. 

She talks to Felicia a while longer, and turns to me occasionally. She is clearly sizing me up, assessing whether she likes what she sees. Felicia is doing the same, weighing up what she thinks of the girl.

While the two are talking I notice a couple in the corner, behind the piano. The two are making a token effort to get out of view of over people, but anyone who wants to can see them. The girl is attractive, a petite blonde with just a few freckles on her face, and pale blue eyes. She is bobbing her head up and down, because she has the guy's thick cock in her mouth. Some people are openly watching, but no one seems shocked. Amongst the onlookers more than one couple are heavily stroking each other, and it is clear one girl being fingered by her boyfriend is close to coming. 

There is a dance floor forming in the middle of the room, made up almost entirely of girls. The girls are dancing with each other, fondling each other's hair and faces. Most are clearly happy just showing off, comfortable that they won't be hassled by hordes of drunken guys, but enjoying the attention of those who are there. They probably don't intend to take it any further. 

But some are more... targeted in their dancing. Felicia is out there now too, grinding against one girl after another, moving with the music and enjoying putting on her own show. There may be lots of girls in revealing outfits here but Felicia is the star of the show. Not just hot, as many of the girls are, but beautiful, a joyous standout in the crowd, and sensual and sexual in a way no one else can be. Guys and girls alike are watching her, mesmerized. And she knows it, and she loves it. 

She finds the red headed girl she was talking to earlier and they start to dance. Felicia is standing in front, her back to the taller girl, who has one hand on Felicia's stomach, the other on her legs. The two move up and down together, almost melding in to one. There is a Rihanna song playing, something about sticks and stones, and chains and whips. Both girls have rhythm, and while they don't really seem to be concentrating on dancing anymore, they can't help but move with the music. 

Felicia turns to face the girl, and suddenly they are kissing. It is a passionate kiss, and they are groping each other. Both their short skirts have been lifted, and the dance floor can see their exposed butts and underwear. Given the scenes around the room though, no one is surprised. 

Felicia looks over, and we make eye contact. I'm not sure what happens next. We never discussed a real plan. We didn't really know if it would go this far, let alone any further. She puts her hand up and curls her fingers, telling me to come to her. I was hugely enjoying the show, but I'm even more excited for the chance to join in. 

I am dancing with them now. Now I'm standing behind Felicia, as the red head was before. Felicia can feel my cock, hard and pushing into her back. She reaches around to touch it through my jeans as we dance. In front of her is the red headed girl. The two are kissing as we dance. After a while I notice that Felicia has moved her hands from my cock, and has them deeply buried in the girls pussy. 

It occurs to me that the way this party is going, I could probably fuck Felicia right here on the dance floor. That would fulfill another fantasy we have talked about. But it seems the girls have other ideas. Felicia, in control of both of us, breaks up the dance and leads us to the side of the room, where there are a series of doors. 

As we walk over there I see the girl with the crotch-less panties I noticed earlier. She is on a couch at the side of the room, kneeling on all fours. A guy is fucking her from behind, while another is in front of her, cock in her mouth. To judge by his face and the moans, he is in the process of cumming in her mouth. 

We get to the doors and open one. They open to bedrooms, with a large double bed in the middle, and mirrors on the walls. The girls lead the way, and I follow. Being the last one in, I close the door behind me. But Felicia turns around and smiles at me. 

"You know another thing I want" she says. She steps past me and opens the door, then returns to the room. 

Felicia walks to the redhead, and they start kissing, more heatedly now. It is almost as if Felicia does not want to give herself a chance to stop and think. Soon the girl's white dress is scrunched around her waist, while her thong has been thrown to the floor. It gives me a chance to appreciate the girl's whole body. Her breasts are large and firm, with huge pink areolas around her very hard nipples. She has either been to the solarium, or she takes a liking for exhibitionism to the beach, because her whole body is tanned, with no marks at all. She is tall, with long legs and a curvy but firm butt. 

Felicia is on top, kissing her way down the girl's body. First she plays with the large tits, sucking on each nipple, knowing the way she likes it herself, and replicating it on her new friend. Then she kisses her way further down, and soon she is at the pussy, perfectly shaved, just like her own. For the first time she tastes another pussy, feels and sees another clitoris.

Felicia plunge in and starts licking. I can see pussy juice on her face. The girl is moaning. Felicia has a talent for this, it seems. Meanwhile, I cannot stand and watch anymore. Felicia is on her knees, licking the girl's pussy, and her butt and pussy are covered only by the thong. That is an invitation I cannot refuse, and I come up behind her and pull the thong down. Felicia is lost in her world, and doesn't even seem to notice. 

I pull my jeans down and release my cock from my boxer shorts. I rub myself a few times, just enjoying the show. When the red head opens her eyes between moans, she is looking at my cock. I haven't even spoken to her, and I don't even know if she likes boys or just girls. But the way she looks at my cock makes it pretty clear she would like some. 

But it's Felicia's pussy I want now. She is still totally engrossed in licking pussy, but when I nudge my dick against her cunt, she looks up and speaks

"Yes... yes... do it... please" she manages to get out between licks. And so I do. I start to push inside of her. She is so wet that I slip right in almost straight away.

"Oh my god, fuck me!" Felicia begins to moan, getting louder and louder. She has lost control now, and is looking up, forgetting the pussy she was licking. 

But the red head girl snaps her back to reality. 

"Oh please don't stop, don't stop, get your tongue back on my pussy" 

She grabs Felicia's head and pulls it back on to her pussy. It is a move just like when she goes down on me and I pull her mouth back onto my cock. She loves that, says it makes her feel so erotic, like I can't control myself and want to fuck her face. I wonder for a moment whether she gets the same feeling now. 

We settle into a rhythm for a few moments, Felicia stroking the red headed girls pussy with her tongue in the same rhythm as I'm stroking in and out of her. 

The red head locks her legs around Felicia's head for a moment and screams

"O fuck, fuck, fuck, yeah, lick my pussy, fuck, fuck" As the red head cums, I stop fucking Felicia. So far, I haven't touched the red girl directly, only watched her with Felicia. But Felicia had more in mind, and, given its ok with Felicia, I want more now too. Felicia has chosen well, after all, and this girl is hot. 

As I pull out of Felicia, all three of us seem to have the same idea. It's time to reverse the position. Felicia gets on her back. She pulls off the thong that was still around her knees, and is naked now. Felicia props herself up against the end of the bed, so she is sitting up, legs spread. As we switch positions I notice the door is still open, and a few people have stopped to watch us. 

The red head girl kisses her way down Felicia's body, returning the favour on the nipples, then moving down to Felicia's dripping wet cunt. She slides two fingers into Felicia and starts tonguing her clit. It certainly does not seem like the first time she has done this. 

I move behind the redhead. Felicia looks me in the eyes. It is time for her to watch me fucking another girl. I don't know what's going through her mind right now. It is her fantasy, but this is reality. For a moment I hesitate. But then she looks at me and nods. It is the same nod she uses when she want to tell me to cum in her mouth, or when I run a finger along her but crack and she wants me to put it in. 

And so I push into the redhead. I don't even know her name. I've never fucked someone whose name I didn't know. But it's not really about her. She is like an accessory, a toy helping Felicia and me live out a fantasy. 

As I fuck her, I keep looking at Felicia. She is like hypnotized, turned on beyond all control by what she sees, and by what she feels as the girls expertly licks her pussy. Felicia is moaning and mumbling in her native Portuguese. We usually speak English, so when she does this I know she has lost herself in the moment. There is no need to be quiet, and she is taking advantage, every now and again screaming when it's too much. 

Meanwhile I look down at the butt of the girl I'm fucking. She has a great butt, just enough fat that it wobbles a little as I fuck her. I slap her butt a few times as I fuck her. I don't know why, but it turns me on, and judging by the extra moaning, it seems to turn on both the girls too. 

And then Felicia starts to cum. She is moaning, then screaming loudly. She is pulling the girls head into her pussy, trying to get more and more contact on her pussy. 

Again, as her orgasm subsides, I pull out. But this time I don't move. 

I haven't cum yet, and I decide its time for me to take some control of the situation. I reach down and grab the redhead and turn her around. I also grab Felicia by the hand and pull her towards me. Felicia guesses what I want now, and the red head seems to get it soon too. I lie back as Felicia takes me in her mouth, tasting the other woman on my cock. She sucks it for a moment, then passes it to the redhead, who also takes me in her mouth. As she does so, Felicia moves down and licks my balls. The two alternate for about a minute, one taking me in her mouth, the other licking my balls. The redhead notices that Felicia can take my whole cock at once, and tries to do the same. She can't do it, and gags for a second, but quickly recovers. 

Felicia starts bobbing up and down more quickly, and I know what she wants now. She wants my cum in her mouth. I am sorely tempted, but there is one more thing I want. 

I grab Felicia and pull her up. She looks disappointed for a moment, but I keep going. Felicia moves up and gets the hint. She straddles me, taking my cock and guiding me back into her pussy. 

The red head has stayed down, and moved to lie between my legs, behind Felicia. She still has my balls in her mouth as I start fucking Felicia. Felicia is beginning to move faster when I feel the red head release my balls. I cannot see her now, but Felicia's reaction tells me she is doing something new. 

"Oh my god, fuck me Max" Felicia manages to get out between deep breaths. And then

"Dios meu, she is licking my butt hole... oh my god,"

I can feel Felicia getting closer, and I am going to cum soon too. Almost on cue, the redhead moves out from between my legs and comes up beside Felicia. She turns Felicia's head to the side and kisses her, fully and passionately on the lips. 

That is enough for me, and I know I am about to cum. There is only one thing left to to do. I grab the red head's hand and guide it to Felicia's butt. I push her finger, and she knows what to do. Just as I start to cum, she pushes her middle finger into Felicia's butt hole. Felicia screams and screams, completely out of control, overwhelmed by the double penetration of my cock cumming in her pussy and the finger in her butt. 

We all stay there for a moment, catching our breath, starting to digest what just happened. 

"Sarah?" – the silence is interrupted. We all look over to the door. 

"That's my boyfriend," says the red head, or Sarah, as it seems she is called.