 This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

------------------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

------------------

Preface

I am turning the reigns of the keyboard over to my wife Heather. She has been bugging me for a while now to take a turn in the writer's barrel. 

I'll sneak out now and she can take over.

-----------------

- Into The Club Life

We found The Club by accident. We were on a cruise and our next door neighbor Anabelle turned out to be a sex maniac. James told that tale in "The Cruise" and I still read it and jerk off to the great memories it brings back. But Anabelle gave us a bogus email address and phone number. The phone number turned out to belong to a members-only sex club in South Florida called The Club. After talking to the young woman who answered the phone, Francesca, she directed us to a private website and gave us a onetime passcode to check it out. 

OMG, it looked amazing. We were hooked. We called Francesca back and asked how we sign up and she walked us through to find the membership papers and agreements. They were pretty intimidating but we printed everything, read them all and then filled them out and sent them back along with the required photos. I loved the one where we had to stand naked holding a current newspaper between us. I didn't understand that until James said it was to guarantee that it was a current photo. I thought that was really clever until James took it a photo shopped a copy of a "Titanic Sinks" newspaper over the current one. He almost sent that one in, but I talked him out of it. 

A week later, we got a registered letter informing us that we were provisionally accepted pending a face to face interview and STD cards from a registered clinic no more than 10 days old when we appeared for the interview. The letter also gave us the names and addresses of registered clinics and there were two in our town. James burned some frequent flyer miles and we booked flights for two weeks out. A week out, we visited the clinic on the other side of the city, got our tests and a couple days later we got our all clear cards and we were set. 

It was Thursday night, I was packing and we leave tomorrow and if I was wearing panties, they would be soaked. As it was, there was a line of pussy juices going down both legs and I swear I was squishing when I walked. I was just about to break out my purple rabbit and get some relief when I heard James get home.

"Hey Lady, I'm home," I heard him call from the front hall. 

"I'm in the bedroom," I called back. A few seconds later he appeared in the doorway and I attacked. I grabbed him and pulled his head down to mine and kissed him long and slow and ran my tongue over his lips until they parted and let me in. 

My hands moved as if on their own. 

My right hand was holding his head captive against my lips and my left hand struggled first with his belt and then his pants clasp and finally his zipper. 

Success. 

I reached in and grabbed his man meat and pulled it loose. I dropped to my knees and slid his cock into my mouth and began to slide my tongue on the sensitive underside while my right hand started pumping on his shaft to get him harder. James leaned back against the doorframe and his head leaned back is if it was too heavy for his neck. A very animal, "Mmmmmmmm," escaped his lips and I knew I was hitting the right spots. 

In less than a minute James was hard enough and I stood up and grabbing his shoulders I jumped up and wrapped my legs around him. By good luck or good aim I impaled myself on him and his head snapped forward as his hands grabbed my ass before gravity took over. I was trying to get traction to force his cock in and out of me, but James took the three steps and dumped me on the bed. His cock was still in me and he started an aggressive rhythm of fucking me with it. 

"Is this what you want you horny bitch," he said. "You want my hard cock in your hot wet pussy."

"Yes. Yes I want your hard cock pounding my pussy," I cried. "Fuck me you sonofabitch. Push that dick into me and take care of what I need." 

"What do you need, you slut," he said as he pulled his cock out and held it just outside of my cunt.

"I need your cock inside me. I need it sliding in and out and making me come," I growled.

"So you were playing with yourself before I came home?" he asked.

"No. Baby please I need your cock inside me," I was pleading. 

He was holding his cock and sliding the head of it up and down on my pussy lips touching my clit and sliding down and teasing my fuckhole. I was already wound tighter than a violin string and all this teasing was pushing me closer.

"So how would you like it? Slow?" he asked as he pushed the head of his cock back inside me. 

"No. I want it all," I screamed as I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him forward and into me. 

He fought back of course, but I have strong legs and I made him impale me again and again and again until I started to come.

When I started to tense my whole body, James reached down and started to rub my clit with his thumb. 

And I exploded. The violin string thrummed and snapped and I went somewhere else for a little while. 

When I came back, he was still sliding his cock in and out of me and I could tell from his face that he was about to blow. I pushed him back and off of me and he got a hurt look on his face. 

"Don't do this to me baby I was about to come," he cried out.

I slid off the bed and wrapped my hand around his cock and started to jack him off while licking the head of his cock like a sucker. His eyes rolled back into his head and he started shooting his wad all over me. I was going to try and catch it in my mouth, but the first spurt caught me by surprise and hit me in the eye. Instinctively I pulled back and his next shot landed on my left breast before I could get my mouth back around it and caught the rest. 

When he came back to reality he pulled me up and seeing the gob of cum around my eye, he scooped it up and fed it to me. So I pulled his head to my boob and said, "Clean it up. You made the mess..."

In a move that surprised me, he licked it all up in one swipe of his tongue. Made the motions of swirling it around in his mouth and said, "It needs something." 

Then while I shrieked, he picked me up and threw me on the bed again and began to eat my pussy. It didn't take long before that feeling started up and I started screaming, "Don't stop. Don't stop. Lick my clit. Please don't stooooopppppp," and I went away again. 

Not as long as the first time, but it was just as magical. 

When I relaxed, James stopped his tongue work and said, "That was what it was missing. A dash of pussy juice from a horny bitch."

"Get up here and cuddle me, you big silly hunk of man meat," I said. 

As he complied my brain was spinning out of control, still thinking of what might lie ahead of us this weekend.

- Killing Time was Killing Me

The flight was uneventful as was the taxi ride to the hotel. I had picked one within walking distance of The Club and thanks to a late flight we found ourselves too tired to do anything more than a little cuddle and squeeze before we fell asleep. 

After breakfast at the hotel, eggs, waffles, coffee and fruit, we decided to take a little reconnaissance stroll past the building housing The Club. It was really nondescript. It looked like a 5 or 6 story hotel building from the 40's. 

"I am not sure what I was expecting, but this is not it," I said. 

"Expecting a big flashing neon sign saying The Club in bright pink with stick figures of fucking couples tastefully displayed," James retorted.

I hit him on the shoulder before saying, "No, silly. But at least show a street address. And those windows, they look like tinted mirrors. Like any of a thousand other buildings."

"Well, we know where it is and how long it takes to walk here. So let's go back to the hotel and spend some quality pool and hot tub time before our appointment," he said as he turned to walk back.

"I guess," I said wistfully. 

I spotted a liquor store on our way back to the hotel and said, "Let's grab some wine for our successful after joining party," and went in. James followed and we picked out a nice merlot and then walked the rest of the way back to the hotel.

Once back at the hotel we changed into our "conservative" swimwear. A one piece swimsuit for me and board shorts for James. Following the signs, we found the pool with no problem.

The pool was a little larger than the usual hotel pool with an exercise room adjacent. The hot tub was back in a corner providing some privacy and I filed that info away for later. Right now the pool area was full of kids and parents, so no hanky-panky. 

James decided on the hot tub and I headed for the pool to do some laps and work off breakfast first. 

Feeling refreshed I joined James in the hot tub. This one lived up to its name. The hotel staff must keep it at 104 degrees unlike most hotels where they have lukewarm tubs. It was wonderful. I was soaking with the water up to my chin and my eyes closed when I heard a very melodious voice ask, "May we join you?"

"Please do," James answered. I opened my eyes and looked up to see two gorgeous blondes that looked like they just stepped off the pages of a men's magazine stepping into the hot tub. "Hi. I'm Misty and this is Connie," the first blonde said. "Hi, I'm Heather and this is James," I replied.

Now that my eyes were open, it was amazing. They looked like clones. They had the same perfect shapes, the same flat stomachs (damn them) and the same haircuts. 

Misty was wearing a fluorescent hot pink mini-bikini and Connie was wearing the same bikini in a fluorescent line green. After a quick stare, I think Misty's breasts were a little larger than Connie's, but not a lot considering how big both sets were. 

I asked James later and he thought they were 38 or 40 double Ds. Let's just say they made me feel small and would be pretty much any man's fantasy. I was insanely jealous.

After chatting with these two gorgeous creatures for a little while, I noticed James' watch and said, "Oh shit! We need to get rolling if we are going to get cleaned up and grab lunch before our appointment."

Connie piped up, "If you don't have a car, there is not much around here for food. There is the fast food joint one block over and that's about it."

Misty interrupted her with, "You forgot about Rupert's."

Connie just looked at her for a second and then said, "There is Rupert's. It's a really good steakhouse, but..."

"But, it's in a strip club, is what she is trying to say," finished Misty. "It's a nice strip club, but yes there are women taking their clothes off and men staring at them and nasty stuff goes on in the private rooms. But the food is top notch."

"And save room for dessert," Connie interrupted "They have a flan to die for."

"So it's Rupert's strip club?" asked James. Somehow I knew we weren't going to be eating fast food for lunch.

"No," said Connie "The place is called 'Sisters' and its one block to the left as you go out the front door." 

While James was focused on Connie, Misty pulled her top up and off and then reseated 'the girls'. I tried to act casual and not stare but they were beautiful. Nice pokie nipples sitting perfectly centered on light brown areolas with a light tan and just a hint of tan lines. Sigh. In my dreams.

"Ladies, thank you for the lunch recommendation and the company, but I do need to drag Mr. Slackjawedanddrooling off to get ready and grab some lunch. And I apologize for his rude staring and drooling, but you ladies are gorgeous," I said. 

"Hey," James tried to interject halfway through, but we ignored him.

"Oh it's no problem," Misty said, "He is kind of cute."

"Yeah," added Connie. "It's too bad you guys have to go. I think you two would be fun to play with. Eeek!" 

The last was caused by Misty unsnapping Connie's top and pulling it off. 

This caused Connie to retaliate and after a brief scuffle she removed Misty's top and held it up like a trophy. All of this meant that James had to stand up with a monster lump in his swimsuit that both of them eyed. 

In one of those out of character impulsive moves I pulled his swimsuit down so they could see the results of their handiwork. James didn't bother with fixing his swimsuit; he just reached over and pulled my top down in one fast move, letting the girls out. 

"Truce," I yelled more loudly that I intended while making a Timeout sign with my hands. I bent down to pull up his swimsuit and gave the end of his dick a little kiss while I did it. 

I put 'the girls' away and stepped out of the hot tub.

"I told you they looked like they would be fun to play with," said Connie to Misty as we were walking away. 

Misty just stared at James' lump and licked her lips, "I hope we get to see more of you two," she said licking her lips again.

As we left the pool area I looked back and Misty and Connie were face to face kissing madly. I could have sworn I saw some pink and lime green on the edge of the hot tub.

- Lunch with Benefits

We were quite the sight going up in the elevator. Neither one of us brought robes with us so I was sporting a couple of nipples trying to tear holes in my bikini top and James was still sporting wood. I think we scandalized the young couple who rode up with us. 

When we got to the room, I let James get the shower first, while I laid out the outfit I had brought and spent some time liberally using lotion everywhere. Just as I finished, I heard James call out, "It's all yours."

As he came out of the bathroom I could see Mr. Happy was now Mr. Softee. I couldn't resist so I asked, "You take matters into your own hand?"

"Nope," he said. "Cold shower."

"Spoilsport," I replied. 

To which he said, "Not at all. You ladies can come a hundred times a night. I only get three maybe four times, so I am making sure they count."

I didn't have anything to say to that, so I just headed to the bathroom. After getting the water nice and warm, I climbed in to the shower and washed up. Thank goodness I wasn't under some self-imposed celibacy. I used the body wash I had brought liberally both to wash up and as a lubricant to enjoy myself. 

It always feels so good to squeeze my breasts and pull on my nipples when they are all soapy and slimy from the body wash. Plus it smelled so good. We use it all the time when we shower together so the fragrance immediately bring up sexy and dirty thoughts. 

Thoughts that made my hand slide slowly down my body to my crotch and begin to massage myself between my thighs. After seeing Misty and Connie downstairs and how perfect their large breasts were, it didn't take long before my first orgasm started to blossom from my clit all over my body. 

I added a finger, then two inside and I started a wave of orgasms washing over me. James was right. I probably could have a hundred orgasms tonight if we are accepted and if all the interesting stuff the pictures on the private site promised were true.

"Are you still drowning in there?" James called. 

"Yes," I replied, "But not for long." I finished the orgasm that was building and reluctantly turned off the water and grabbed a towel on my way out.

Twenty minutes later we were standing outside of Sisters. The discrete 'Open' sign was lit over the door but the rest of the neon was waiting for dark. I motioned to James and he opened the door and we walked in. Once our eyes adjusted to the gloom, we could see we were in a short hallway with a window on the side and a bored looking middle aged lady behind the desk on the other side of the window. 

There was a thumping music coming from behind the door at the other end of the hallway.

"We were told that there is a restaurant called Rupert's here?" James tried to make it a declarative, but it really sounded like a question.

"Yep," the middle aged lady replied, "Do you have a reservation?" 

"No," I said. "Do we need one?"

"Nah. But its $10 cover for him. Ladies are always free."

James peeled off a ten and slapped it down. "Go on back," she said and the door began to buzz.

The music got louder and the light got darker as we entered the club proper. We looked around and saw four stages scattered around the room. Two with poles, one with a shower and one big round one in the center of the room. It was this one that was the only one with any activity. I skinny bottle blonde was gyrating her hips in front of a half dozen guys while a topless waitress was taking drink orders.

I was just thinking that Misty and Connie were laughing their ample tits off at sending us here, when James nudged me and pointed up the stairs. There was a small hand painted sign saying "Rupert's -- Come This Way" with an arrow pointing up the stairs. I led the way.

When we got to the top of the stairs there was a restaurant podium with a "Please Wait to Be Seated" sign on it. While somewhat dark, it did look like a small restaurant. And I got a whiff of what was cooking and my stomach rumbled. James just grinned and gave me a hug.

A second later a pretty young lady appeared behind the podium and James just held up 2 fingers. 

"Did you want a table or a table with a view?" she asked. 

We looked at each other and she continued "A table is just one of these over here," she waved at the tables we could see. "A table with a view is along the railing so you can watch the entertainment on the stages below. Since we aren't busy there won't be an upcharge for the view."

James looked at me so I said, "In for a penny," and he said, "A table with a view then."

"My name is Honey and I'll be your hostess and waitress this afternoon," she said as she led us through a door and along a balcony over the floor below. As she walked around the podium, I could see that the yellow striped apron was all she was wearing. It covered her front, but gave us a good look at her very beautifully toned body. I think James was in love with the view of her side boob or maybe her ass which only had the apron strings draped over it. 

She stopped at the third table and said, "This one is supposed to have the best view of the stages." 

Glancing at her watch she continued, "The afternoon shift will be coming on soon and you will get better girls than Trixie down there."

"Can I get you something to drink?" she asked then continued conspiratorially, "This is a strip club, so the safest bet is bottled beer."

James had glanced at the back of the menu and said, "We'll take two of these," pointing at a national brand. 

"I'll be right back," she promised.

We had just finished looking at the menu when Honey returned. She put two tall glasses on the table and then opened the bottles and slowly poured each into a glass. When she put them down she bent at the waist and gave first James and then myself a view down the top of the apron. The view was as good as I hoped.
