 I don’t get out much any more, but last month, Tonya and I wanted to get out, drink some and maybe catch some rock band.  We decided to go see Spookyhorse and Dirty Little Secret at the Oasis Restaurant.  We knew they wouldn’t come on till late so we decided to go early enough to get a few drinks, mingle and get ready for the show.

That evening, I dressed in my favorite white blouse, tied up in front, and black leather skirt.  Its very short, just above mid-thigh.  With it, a black thong that disappears between my buttocks, and 2-1/2 inch heels.   My long blonde hair hanging down my back held together by a hair clip.  I felt very appealing to anyone who would care to notice.  Tonya, though dressed more casual, was just as stunning: very short black denim shorts, a white halter covered by a short black see-thru chemise, untied in front, and white sandals, lightly made up to accentuate here gorgeous green eyes.  In dim lighting, her eyes are radiating.

We got to the restaurant around 8:30 and went straight for the bar.  There were many people there already.  We sat and just looked at all the people there, giggling at some of the outfits some of the women were wearing, some as scantily clad...it was obvious what they were there for.  Mainly, though, we stared at the men, jabbing at each others ribs or thighs as a gorgeous hunk walked near.

I saw you over at the end of the bar standing next to a young redhead girl. I couldn’t tell if she was with you are not—I didn’t care.  I couldn’t take my eyes off you.  Dressed very nicely—a little out of place maybe compared to most others there: tan slacks, loose blue and white sport shirt, well groomed.  I thought you might have just been there for dinner or maybe you were the manager.  You looked at me briefly; I’m not sure, I was just staring at you.  I’d be embarrassed to know if you noticed that.  Just as suddenly, you walked off with the redhead in tow into the lounge.

After a couple margaritas, we moved into the lounge ourselves to get a good spot on the floor for the show.  There were going to be too many people there, so there was no seating except around the walls.  We found a good place to stand and very quickly felt the room becoming very crowded.  We didn’t care—the music would relax us and being in a crowd of people didn’t bother me.  The music started and we were jamming, dancing in place—the whole room seemed to move with us.  After a couple songs though, I noticed Tonya no longer next to me—I wondered if she had somehow become separated from me by the crowd, but I didn’t see her near me.

Spookyhorse finished and just as quickly, Dirty Little Secret was ready to play—by then, the lounge was very packed—people were almost pressed together by now.  Immediately in front of me an attractive young brunette, a little shorter than I, I’m tall at 5’11 and heels really helped me tower over those in front.  She was also dressed all in black: light silky blouse buttoned down the front and open about mid-chest on each side, a short black cotton skirt and black heels, no hose or stockings.  I noticed briefly how sweet her hair smelled.  Behind me, were several couples and single men—I didn’t notice you directly behind me.  The next band started and I forgot everything else...even forgot about Tonya for awhile before I realized I hadn’t seen her for over an hour.  I found out later she had run into a male friend and he had a seat in the back corner.  They spent most of the evening drinking, talking and not even paying attention to the show.

I let it go and just danced slowly in place by myself.  I and everyone around me were bumping and practically grinding into each other.  I was bumping the girl in front of me in the rear with my pelvis, though innocently and without concern, but she must have noticed.  It must have also been turning her on.  I suddenly noticed her hand caressing my thigh with her finger tips.  I thought it might have just been from her dancing, but she never removed them—I wasn’t sure of her intentions, but being very adventurous at that point…and a little intoxicated, I also began caressing her thigh and buttocks.  After about a minute of this, she suddenly turned to face me. I tried to move my hand away in fright, but she looked right into my eyes, moved my hand right back under her skirt, then opened her lips and placed them over mine.  I closed my eyes, unable to believe what was happening, and allowed her to dart her tongue between my lips.  I moved my hand over her panties and placed my palm right over her pussy.  They did not cling at all, so I easily slipped my fingers between the cloth and her skin and found her pubic curls moist and her lips very wet.  She broke the kiss and closed her eyes, pressing even closer into me.  A look of contentment came over her, encouraging me to go farther.  It was at that moment that I remembered we were in a crowd of people, but no one had yet to notice.  I looked back into her face and moved my fingers farther inside her panties, sliding a finger between her moist lips, and began rubbing furiously.

After only a moment of this, it became clear that there was a man’s hand placed on my right buttock—it wasn’t moving, but it wasn’t going away.  I didn’t object, but I didn’t dare turn around to see who it was in fear of scaring him off, but tightened my buttocks to let him know I was enjoying it.  He must have gotten my signal and began caressing my ass through the leather material.  My fingers were rubbing hard against the other girl’s clit and I sensed she was very near her first orgasm.  I rubbed even harder and pressed back against the strange hand rubbing my ass.  The girl tried her best to suppress any screams, biting her lips and I felt her hips become very tense and pressing very hard against my hand.  Her orgasm lasted about 15 seconds before she finally subsided.  I started to pull my hand away, but her eyes opening wide and her thighs squeezing tightly around my fingers, looked at me and whispered “again”.  She placed one free hand on my hips and pulled me closer, putting her lips to mine again. We french kissed very passionately for a couple minutes, my fingers still lying still on her very wet cunt.

I don’t think she was even aware of what was happening behind me at all.  The strange hand had now slipped up under my skirt finding my naked buttocks, maybe not aware that I was wearing a thong, I didn’t care, if only I could coax him to explore my now wet pussy with his long thick fingers.  The hand squeezed each of my cheeks then caressed between my thighs and up against my mound.  He rubbed hard against the material of my thong, causing me to grind hard against him, encouraging him to go all the way.  I couldn’t believe what was happening to me right here in that crowded lounge and no one else was at all aware of our situation.

The girl in front of me parted our kiss, closed her eyes and nuzzled her face in my neck.  I started rubbing her again as before, this time sliding my fingers up and down between her lips.  The hand behind me had finally ventured underneath my panties, and found my engorged clit and pressed against it, gently sliding a finger slowly over my by-now very soaking box. His incessant rubbing was bringing me very close to orgasm very quickly. Usually, this kind of thing builds up on me gradually, but I was going to cum in only seconds.  I pressed my hand hard inside the girls panties and froze, trembling and grasping tightly around the girls hips as I came with such a force I had not felt in a long time, squeezing his fingers between my thighs.  He knew I was cumming now and pressed hard against me, letting me calm down before relaxing his grip on me.

The hand moved away suddenly and I thought he had finished.  I wondered silently if he had also been satisfied—I had heard that some men could also cum from just such an experience.  I began feeling disappointment that it had ended as quickly as it began.  I was wrong though.  I felt something pressing  between my thighs and wondered if that was his cock—it couldn’t be.  Would he even dare to expose himself in a crowd of people like this?  I reach between my legs with my free hand and felt the head of his cock slipped between my thighs, a large drop of precum already oozing out.  I caught it with my fingers, rubbed it around the head.  I looked down briefly and noticed the tan slacks.  My heart jumped through my throat when I realized it was you.  As amazing as this was, I couldn’t believe what I was feeling, knowing you were the one I had been staring at so unconsciously before and now had his cock between my thighs.

I wasn’t sure if the girl in front was at all aware what was happening to me—she could have looked at your face, but I didn’t know.  I imagined for a second that maybe you two were together and had set this up—I’ll never know. The girl, still anxious to reach orgasm again, started gyrating her hips against me while I rubbed her—with your fingers inside me, I had forgotten briefly about her.  Pressing my thumb against her clit, rubbing hard, then sliding a finger up inside her.  This made her tense and I could sense her squealing inside my neck.  She was now sucking and biting my neck and rocking her pelvis in rhythm to my finger fucking up inside her.  Your cock was now very stiff between my thighs, rocking back and forth and your fingers rubbing furiously against my pussy—my thong pulled completely aside by now. Leaning over slightly, I pushed the head of your cock up against my pouting lips, rubbing it against my wet opening.    

Sensing you got the message, you bent your knees slightly and push the head of your cock straight up inside me.  My face is now digging in the other girls neck as we all begin fucking each other, oblivious now to everything around us, not caring if we were being watched.  My fingers were pounding the young brown-haired girl furiously and hard, banging my palm against her mound with each stroke and my thumb pressing and rubbing hard on her clit.  She has now lifted a hand to squeeze my left tit and nipple.  I’m about to lose it by now.  I could tell she was getting close to cumming, so I fucked back against you fast and hard wanting us to cum with her and feel you cumming in me too.  Her teething now gnashing into my skin and mine into her hers as your cock throbs for release.  The girl locks her pussy hard on my fingers beginning a very intense orgasm.  This brings me to the moment as well as I begin screaming and biting into her neck, pressing hard against your body: two or three more hard thrusts and your cock begins exploding inside me, gush after gush of your hot sticky juice pouring deep within me.  For a long moment, the three of us do not move, savoring the moment.  I stand up straighter, forcing your cock to slide out of my sopping hole, cum dripping down my thighs.  I take my new lovers face and kiss her passionately on the lips, telling her how much I enjoyed our experience. She smiled at me, then straightened out her skirt and panties, turning back to the front to enjoy the show.  I then turn to thank you as well, but you have disappeared.  My heart sinks again in my chest, wanting to know who you are, wanting to take you again.  A feeling of satisfaction comes over me though knowing what just happened, the impromptu excitement of it all was overwhelming.  When I finally found Tonya on the way out, she wouldn’t believe my story, until I told her to touch between my legs and she found cum still dripping down my thighs.  Tonya became excited and took me home to “clean” me up!