 We had decided after months of discussing that we would try a club that some friends of ours had suggested. They told us to keep an open mind and to just accept everything that happened. Because of our trust in them and our own sense of adventure, we found ourselves at the front door.

The door opened and a very attractive attendant led us to a coatroom. Our coats were taken and two bags handed to us. With simple instructions, we went through a short hallway to another set of closed doors. A sign saying men and women with arrows pointing either way of the door was posted on the door. The attendant had told us that we would be changing into the robes provided and we both went to the appropriate bathrooms.

Moments later we met again at the huge double doors, this time attired in the robes. Both of us were in matching colors with dragons inked into the back of each. I took your door and pushed on the door. As it cracked open, you squeezed my hand in assurance and we entered.

It took only a few seconds to let ours eyes adjust to the darkness and we could see quite a gathering of people. I looked around almost hoping to recognize someone and to my relief our friends were there. We walked over to them and you hugged Sharon as I shook Steven's hand. Both were dressed in robes similar to ours and as we caught ourselves staring, Steven's robe fell open a bit. You took my hand back into yours and squeezed once again. I followed your eyes and knew that Steven had caught your attention.

We all laughed at this, of course ours was more nervous and Sharon suggested that we all go to the bar for drinks. Before I could lead you, Steven wrapped his arms into both of ours and pulled us along.

The bartender was a male, dressed only in a bowtie and apron, and was as quick as he was professional in his skills. Our drinks in hand, we all retired to a booth with you and I on one side and Sharon with Steven on the other. You took a long gulp of yours and settle a hand in my lap. Suddenly, you burst out laughing and turned to me asking why I still had my underwear on. I could only blush a bit and shrug. Steven was laughing the hardest of all and Sharon was the first to start chanting "take it off, take it off". We I started to shimmy out of the shorts; you pulled me up to my feet.

"Oh no you don't." you laughed. "You're going to take them off so we can all see." Sharon and Steven were both chanting by now and you joined in. Embarrassed as hell, I stood at the edge of the table and opened the robe.

As I started to take them off, you slapped my ass lightly and told me to dance as I was taking them off, so with an exaggerated bump and grind, I slid them down and then threw them at your head. All three of you clapped and I slid back into the booth three shades redder than before.

This seemed to break the ice well enough and we all chatted much easier. You were sliding your hand into my lap and stroking me from time to time and despite all, I was getting hard. I tried to concentrate on the conversation and that only made matters worse. I would loose track of the talk and when it was time to respond, you would have to elbow me.

" What is going on over there?" Sharon asked. She stood up a bit and peered over to our laps. A slight smile broke out on her face as she slid back down. I was trying unsuccessfully to hide my erection and red face but did notice that Sharon was whispering in Steven's ear. 

"Lets change over to the other room. There are couches and it's a bit more private." She told us. They both stood and Steven offered his hand to you. You grabbed my hand a stood, pulling me up as well. I had a small problem in the front of my robe and was trying to adjust and hide that a bit when Steven took my other arm and pushed me between Sharon and him. You stood to my side and we all slowly made our way to another side of the room. I guess that they were trying to offer me some sort of modesty and help block everyone else from seeing my erection, but that only cause Steven to stand right behind me. Trying to avoid him, I was pushed a bit too close to Sharon and from time to time she would brush back against me.

Walking through a curtain, there was a room that was even more dimly lit than the last. Candles were spread throughout and created a warm romantic glow. There were other people in here, but no one seemed to notice us enter. We found a long couch quickly and all settled in.

You took your usual position with your head on my lap and an arm stuck up between my legs. Moving around had caused some of the pressure to decrease and you wrapped your hand around my much softer cock. Sharon and Steven were almost mimicking us and Sharon's legs and yours were slightly touching.

We spent the next half hour or so talking and relaxing. We had been friends before coming to the club and some of the talk was about ordinary things such as bills, shopping and even work. We all knew that there was a sharper edge to the conversation, but no one was really paying attention to it.

Your hand had gotten me somewhat aroused again and I had to shift a bit. This caused my robe to open somewhat and you did the unexpected. You turned from Sharon and Steven and took the tip of my cock into your mouth. I was surprised to say the least and couldn't help a small moan. It had been almost an hour and a half since we had arrived and your warm mouth was welcomed. I looked over at our friends and saw that both were staring warmly. I nudged you a bit and with a small plop, you released my cock from your mouth. Licking your lips a bit, you turned back to Sharon and Steven.

I noticed that Sharon's legs had stretched out more and the two of your were almost playing with each others feet. It was innocent but still erotic to a point. Steven had slipped a hand into Sharon's robe and from the movement of the silk, was rubbing her nipples. I followed his lead and slipped my hand into yours. I found a nipple quickly and tugged it lightly as I knew you like so much.

This caused you to moan out and I think that you finally noticed how wrapped up Sharon's legs were with yours. You stretched fully out at this point and it seemed that the couch suddenly was a lot shorter. Both your and Sharon's feet pushed into each other's laps. I knew that you were becoming more excited by the second because your skin was becoming hot and flushed. We all tried to talk, but the conversation was interrupted by very feminine moans. Steven finally broke the final bit of ice and asked we minded Sharon taking her robe all the way off. You didn't answer but turned back to my lapped and the fully erect cock that I had.

Sharon simply slid out of it and I didn't feel bad at all about admiring her body. The two of you were very similar, with her only being a bit shorter and not as full breasted as you. Steven pulled her around and she fished into his robe and pulled out the largest cock that I have ever seen out. It wasn't that much longer than mine, but certainly thicker. I nudged you and you took a glance from the corner of your eye. I felt the moan rather heard it. I opened your robe and you shrugged it off. That left only Steven and I with any clothing.

Your legs were back into a tangle with Sharon's and I knew that your feet were pressing against her. From time to time she would resettle herself around your leg and she was constantly grinding against it. She had taken Steven into her mouth as well and had run a hand between his legs. I was so busy watching them that I didn't notice that your hand was buried between your legs. You were on your side and lifted one leg higher. All of the sudden I knew that Sharon and Steven could see everything. 

Steven looked at me with a question in his eyes and looked back at your ass and hand. I kind of shrugged at him and he moved his body around a bit. Whether you had realized it from the shifting on the couch or not, I couldn't tell, but when you felt his face between your legs, there was no mistaking it.

This time your moan was loud enough that everyone heard it, but I felt the vibrations up and down my length. Steven must have been very good because the moans kept coming, louder and louder. You worked your lips around my cock faster and faster, taking more into your mouth with each swallow. You know that this always drives me nuts and I had to pull your face way. A bit of precum leaked out and you licked it up. I bent down to kiss you and noticed that Steven was watching us. There was quite a bit on your lips and as soon as I had kissed you, you turned towards Steven. To my surprised you kissed him as well. I don't know if I was more excited by seeing you kiss him, or knowing that he tasted me on your lips.

Poor Sharon was all but left out in all this and she sat up just in time to catch you and Steven kissing. She grabbed his head and kissed him as well. I knew from her laugh that she knew exactly what had happened. I think it was his turn to blush at being caught. She dropped her head back to his cock and we all watched as she took his wide cock all the way to the back of her throat. Her hand dipped back between his legs and when he spread them, we could see her fingers teasing at his ass. He must have liked it as much as I do because he grabbed her hair and was thrusting his cock into her mouth faster and faster. Her other hand came up and started stroking his shaft.

You surprised me once again and leaned over and started biting and licking his nipples. I took a moment to actually study Steven during this and noticed all the things he and I had in common. His build was slightly larger but he too had a fair complexion and was almost hairless like me. I also noticed that I wasn't the only one that shaved my privates. His were as bare as mine and it made his cock looked bigger as shaving does mine. His eyes were half-closed but he was staring at me and I wondered if he was comparing notes as well.

It didn't take long before he closed his eyes and moaned almost under his breath that he was going to cum. Yet another shock from you as you dropped your head down and started licking his cock. I felt no jealousy at all, but could feel my own cock growing harder and harder. Sharon slipped down and I could see her tongue stabbing around his balls and ass. I could help myself and started stroking my self while enjoying the show.

You moved to the side a bit and Sharon took his cock back into her mouth. You grabbed her head and starting pushing her head back and forth. Steven growled and I could see the muscles straining in his arms and started cumming hard. Sharon did her best and was swallowing as fast as she could. When some of his juice dribbled from the corner of her mouth, your lips were there. She pulled her lips from him and a shot of his jism hit your cheek. Without hesitating, you swallowed his rod and I could see your throat working to swallow the last of his cum.

You sat up as Sharon eased him back down from his orgasm. Turning to me, you leaned to me and planted your lips to mine. I remember thinking that what comes around goes around and kissed you back as passionately as you were kissing me.

This is part one. You can write your own or scribble a note to me as to where you would want this to go.