 The playroom was abuzz. Furniture had been moved and banquet tables set up. White linens, fine china, and candles now transformed the large room into an elegant dinner setting, with a three-piece combo playing cool jazz, tuxedoed servers passing hors d'oeuvres on silver salvers, and bartenders mixing high-end cocktails. 

The partygoers added to the ambiance. Sexy club wear and dinner jackets replaced the almost total nudity of just a few hours before, though there was still a lot of skin on display. If undergarments were worn at all they were minimalist and designed for sex. In fact a good number of the men present eschewed their pants entirely, preferring see-through and mesh thongs, or outright women's lingerie, and no shirts beneath their tuxedo jackets and bow ties. 

The women, and transsexual or cross dressing men, wore a variety of cocktail dresses, dance club outfits with tights and loose blouses with large vents that offered flashes of nipples, and lingerie. There was also a good bit of latex and PVC, mostly in dungeon wear motifs, and of course a few women wore tuxedo outfits similar to the men. Terry had perhaps the most innovative outfit. Using two clear plastic liners from shower curtains and a pattern she picked up at a local hobby shop, she fashioned a cocktail dress. It was clear as glass, much more so than the latex dress she wore Friday evening. Her charms were on full display, yet she fit the "dress code" for the evening perfectly.

Julie was in a long-tailed black tuxedo coat. She wore a leather collar with a bow tie bow around her neck. She was nude beneath the jacket except for a microscopic pair of crotchless panties. Her nipples were adorned with tweezer clamps connected by a chain, and she wore the clit clip she had on Friday evening. High stiletto heels and her jeweled butt plug rounded out her ensemble.

Deana wore a totally see-through gauzy cocktail dress that was actually the sheath intended to go over a nude-colored solid dress or body suit. She went to a seamstress and had the garment fitted to her body like a second skin, then split up one seam on the side to her armpit. Six large safety pins kept the dress closed, but would be simple to open at the appropriate time. She wore a stunning diamond necklace and matching earrings, and elegant pumps. She had followed Steve's example from Friday evening and pumped her nipples up with a suction bulb, rolling a rubber grommets off the bulb to keep her nipples hard. She also had a plug firmly in her ass. She found the feeling of her distended nubbins rubbing against the gauze delicious.

Steve was in his favorite thong and a short "Eisenhower Cut" tuxedo jacket. The thong was a micro weave with a white pouch and blue strings. An elastic loop inside the pouch served as a built in cockring, holding his package upright and forward. The two-inch rubber ball stretcher encircling his scrotum heightened this effect. The curve in the rubber pushed his balls forward and out. He had an inch and a half long penis plug with a head ring inserted into his cock, making his cockhead bulge. He also wore tweezer clamps on his nipples attached by a chain. Sandals were his footwear of choice. 

The cocktail hour was a combination of typical conversations (kids, sports, politics, and work) and the sexual dance of flirtation. This long weekend was moving into its 48th hour, the great bulk of which had been spent in various degrees of orgiastic behavior. Yet the change in atmosphere brought on by the sexy clothing, décor, music, and food gave a completely different flavor to the sexual tone of the evening. It was almost like a new beginning to the swinger's party, and a new energy pervaded the room.

This evening followed an afternoon of organized "sports" activities. The theme of the afternoon was Gay and Lesbian Olympics. Not that there was much real sport. The "Olympics" consisted of a game of Marco Polo by the men. When "Marco" caught his "Polo" he got a blowjob. Later, all the "Polos" got to butt fuck the "Marcos" on the grass.

The women actually competed in a real sport. They played a strenuous and spirited game of water volleyball. The losing team had to eat out the winners. Of course in the Olympic spirit of fair play the winners then returned the service.

Dinner was a great success. Delicious food and wine contributed to the ambiance, and conversation moved steadily more and more into the realm of the sexual. Dates for after dinner were established. Power exchange negotiations took place. More and more skin, including genitalia, came onto display. 

Deana and her fellow new Member Initiates ate quickly and excused themselves, assembling as instructed in the kitchen. They were to be a part of the culmination of the dinner. Steve kissed his bride and whispered, "enjoy" into her ear as she stood.

The servers cleared tables and began to pour coffee as the combo provided another fifteen minutes of entertainment, buying time for the initiates to be prepared. Ladies and CDs took the time to freshen makeup in the Ladies' Lounge, the only part of the building that was totally off limits to "men." Steve and Julie pulled their chairs together and made out to pass the time, flicking each other's nipples and kissing passionately. Many partygoers followed their lead.

At a signal from Herb the combo gave a flourish to capture the audience's attention. He was playing Master of Ceremonies. He wore a pure white full tuxedo with long tails, but had his cock, which Roxanne had fluffed for him prior to standing, jutting out the fly.

"Ladies and Gentlemen your attention please," he said loudly. The room was small enough that his voice carried without a microphone. "We've come now to the formal part of our evening. As you know, each year we welcome a very limited number of carefully selected individuals and couples into our Club. This year is no different, though it is exceptional in that we welcome the spouse of one of our Founders into our ranks, something we've never done before. As is traditional, our Initiates will now serve us dessert, and then will further service any and all cummers until Midnight tonight. Per our bylaws, this is the one time during their entire Membership that these people cannot refuse to have sex with anyone who desires it. However I remind you that our Initiates can say 'no' to any specific sexual acts that they find beyond their comfort zones. If you desire to play with an Initiate they cannot refuse you, but if they say 'no' to something it is incumbent upon you to either offer a different sexual act or to graciously move on. And now, without further ado, I present: Dessert!"

The combo gave another flourish and broke into a jazzy rendition of "Pomp & Circumstance," though this was unlike any other graduation ceremony. Servers wheeled six large cloth draped tables into the center of the small dance floor. Herb then undraped each table in turn.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, we begin dessert with our Founder's wife, Deana," he said, ripping the cloth off with a flourish. "Deana is serving our dark chocolate tray this evening, and is decorated with only the finest Belgian chocolate pastries and crèmes." 

And indeed she was. Deana was nude, flat on her back, with a dizzying assortment of pastries, cookies, candies, and brownies. Any skin that was not covered with edibles was drizzled with chocolate, caramel, butterscotch, and vanilla icings and syrups. A large bowl of chocolate mouse was positioned on the table between her legs, ensuring her pussy was exposed. But "exposed" would be a misnomer, because it was covered in chocolate covered strawberries in a bed of whipped cream. The room broke out in applause and cries of "Welcome!"

"And now presenting our fruit plate, and yes, the pun is intended, is Jack," continued Herb. There was laughter around the room at the lame play on gay colloquialism. Jack was covered in many whole and sliced fruits, and of course his cock was sheathed in the obligatory pineapple rings, after having been sucked hard by a helpful kitchen worker.

Herb moved through the rest quickly, knowing that dishes like the cream on Deana's pussy would melt rapidly from her body heat. Diane, in keeping with her relationship with Jack, was covered in various fruit jellies and creams. Bud and Terri were nuts and cheeses respectively, and Jonathan, the solo male of this year's class, rounded out the offerings with an assortment of pies, a small pecan Bundt cake surrounding his manhood.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, it is my pleasure and honor to present the Class of 2015. Please enjoy your dessert!" Herb concluded, sweeping his hand and inviting people to move through the buffet. Plates, bowls and serving utensils were positioned on the end of each table.

As could be expected, there was a lot of playful touching and chatter as people moved from table to table. More than a few fingers dipped into the creams on the women's pussies, and pieces of pineapple and Bundt cake were nibbled direct from stiff cocks. Bud's balls were thoroughly fondled as a bowl of mixed nuts was strategically positioned beneath his scrotum. A fun and messy time was had by all.

As people's food hungers became sated their sexual hungers grew. Tongues and fingers lingered on nipples, lips, and genitalia, and the Initiates began to squirm in a combination of physical discomfort and arousal. After about twenty minutes the servers wheeled the Initiates back to the kitchen, where the remaining desserts were transferred onto traditional serving trays. The six people were wiped down, then escorted to the showers to rinse and refresh.

In the meantime the combo began playing for dancing, and the remainder of the tables were cleared except of drinks and coffees. Six divans were positioned around the perimeter of the room and pillows piled upon them. This is where the Initiates would come when they finished their toilettes and to themselves up to the Membership.

Given the setting the dance floor quickly filled. "Dirty dancing" would be a tame way to describe what ensued. Many people shed at least some of their finery, draping the backs of chairs around the room. Others loosed buttons, fasteners and zippers to give their dance partners free access. And everyone on the dance floor became everyone else's partner.

This was another of The Club's traditions. The dance immediately following the annual dinner became a tribal event, a way for each Member to express their love for all the others. The entire Membership was on the floor, with Steve and Julie in the midst of it all. People danced off the dinner and dessert, and whipped themselves into sexual frenzies. This was intended to be a night of excess.

The few Club Members who were not on the dance floor were attending to the Initiates. After their showers the Initiates were dried and fluffed, makeup was renewed, and strategic body parts were anointed with oils and flavored lubricants. Then they were wrapped in big fluffy robes and led back into the Main Playroom. Back into the building orgy.

Each initiate was led to a divan. In addition to pillows, a number of wedges and other shaped cushions designed to enhance sex were positioned on and around each couch. Tables held condoms, dental dams, and lubricants, and the Initiate's beverage of choice. Each divan was fitted with nylon straps ending in padded Velcro restraints for use in bondage scenarios. Another empty table was made available for Club Members to bring their own toys and devices into play. Each initiate was instructed to masturbate, putting on as lewd a display as possible. A special prize was awarded at Midnight to the Initiate who had the most sex partners in the coming few hours.

The music reached a crescendo and ended with a bang. The combo's night was complete and they received a round of applause, even as a DJ took up the slack with pulsing dance club music. The first Members left the dance floor. Some headed to their rooms to further prepare for the rest of the evening, freshen, and grab some toys. Others headed quickly toward the divans, where the Initiates were now draped back, touching themselves in a variety of different ways.

Jack had three fingers of one hand up his own ass and tweaked his nipples with the other. Terri was pushing a lube bottle with a rounded top into her cunt. Diane was rubbing her clit furiously and sucking on her own nipple. Bud had his legs up over his shoulders. He couldn't suck himself off, but he was making it clear that the first load of cum he would eat tonight would be his own. Jonathan was showing one of the reasons he had been accepted as a member. He could just reach the head of his cock with his tongue, and he was performing the autofellatio that Bud could not.

Deana was alternately rubbing her clit and finger fucking herself, all the while pulling on her nipples. She was a bit apprehensive about this evening. She wasn't at all sure she was interested in just being a cum bucket. The Members who helped the Initiates get ready in the locker room had assured them they could take breaks. They didn't even have to stay strictly on the divans. They just couldn't refuse to have some form of sex with a fellow Member before Midnight. She put these thoughts out of her mind as the first Member approached her divan. It was Roxanne, who was sporting a strapon.

"Hiya, Sexy!" Roxanne said with a big smile. "Welcome to The Club. It's about time you relaxed and joined your husband. Why should he get all the fun? Enjoying yourself?"

"Roxanne, what a relief. I was afraid I'd have to start with that big hairy fellow, what's his name? Jared?" Deana said. "I'm so relieved my first Member will be a woman, and I'm happy that it's you. I've been wondering if you and I would hook up this weekend."

"No way I was letting anyone else beat me to you tonight," Roxanne said, as more Club Members began to gather around the divan. I've wanted to get my tongue in you for ages. But you may not be so happy that Jared isn't here. His dick isn't as big as mine, and I want to shove mine in your butt. I'm an ass dyke. Want to play?"

Her eyes grew to saucers as Deana listened to Roxanne. But she found that she still had a finger in her own vagina, and that it was suddenly gushing with the picture of this statuesque black woman fucking her ass with what looked to be a ten inch dildo. My, she had come so far in just a few weeks. She reached for a bottle of lube, and handed it to Roxanne as her answer, then began to roll over.

"Uh, uh, sweetcakes, don't roll over," Roxanne instructed. "Just raise your legs above your head. I want to watch your eyes as I slip you my dick."

Deana rolled back and dutifully lifted her legs. She moved like she was in a trance. Roxanne used the lube and loosened the butt plug, but did not pull it out yet. She rolled a condom over the dildo ("Let's just keep this nice and clean, in case I want your cunt afterward") and lubed it thoroughly.

A man stepped up next to the divan. Deana searched her memory—she'd been introduced to so many people this weekend—and came up with "Edward."

"May I join you ladies?" Edward asked, directing his question to Roxanne. Edward had been around The Club long enough to know better than to horn in on Roxanne's action without permission.

"Sure, this sweet little piece of ass could probably use something to bite on while I ream her ass," Roxanne replied. She began moving the butt plug back and forth in Deana's rectum, adding a circular motion to further relax the sphincter.

This gave Edward some pause, but he finally shrugged and stepped close to Deana's face. He had a nice seven-inch cock that was half hard, and it made Deana's mouth water. She was still idly diddling her clit as Roxanne prepped her rear. Deana smiled up at Edward and simply opened her mouth in invitation. Edward shimmied closer and inserted his rod. She closed her lips and felt the shaft begin to firm up against her tongue.

Now Roxanne removed the plug and began to ease the dildo into Deana's ass. Despite her rough and tumble come on Roxanne wasn't really into hurting people badly. Not unless they truly wanted it. She got the feeling that Deana wasn't quite to the point where she wanted to be pounded so hard it hurt. So Roxanne went slowly, and was encouraged by Deana's positive moans as she slowly worked the rubber phallus in.

"Oh baby, I just knew you were going to have a sweet little ass," Roxanne said as the head of the dildo passed Deana's muscles. She started pumping her hips back and forth slowly, going just a bit deeper with each thrust, and gently working the fake cock into Deana's bowels. Once she had about half the length of the dildo in she moved her hands to Deana's breasts, roughly squeezing them and pinching the nipples. She knew that a little bit of tit pain would help Deana forget to resist the cock in her butt.

Deana moaned and abandoned herself to this woman and man. She had known Roxanne for a number of years, and Roxanne made many passes at her during business dinners and in other scenarios. Back then Deana thought of herself as totally straight and straight-laced. Now she was giving up her ass in a lesbian sex act while a man she barely knew fucked her face, and loving every move and moment.

On the next divan over Steve and Julie were tag-teaming Jack. Steve was sliding his cock between Julie and Jack's lips, getting it hard in preparation for Jack's ass. He still had the cock plug in the end. Julie was roughly stretching Jack's nipples, giving them a little twist at the apex of the stretch, and then releasing them. Steve had already checked with Jack, and they had agreed that bareback was agreeable given the health screenings and safety precautions of Club rules.

Steve withdrew his shaft from the hungry lips and tongues that were giving him so much pleasure and asked Jack to remove his cock plug. As experienced as he was Jack had never dealt with urethral probes or cock plugs. He gentle and gingerly slipped the ring up and over Steve's cock head, and was surprised with the plug extruded itself from the end of Steve's cock.

Steve now moved down between Jack's legs. Jack shifted onto his back, and Julie straddled his face in the reverse cowgirl direction. She had removed her clit clip and placed it on the nearby table. Both she and Steve still wore their tweezer nipple clamps. Steve lifted Jack's legs and reached for the lube. Julie grabbed Jack's legs both to steady herself and help him keep them up. She settled her pussy onto his waiting tongue with a contented sigh.

Around the room similar scenes were playing out. Four women claimed Terri. One was sitting on her face while another ate her out. The other two women devoured Terri's tits. Elspeth was energetically bouncing up and down on Bud's cock (Bud had not cum in his own mouth before Elspeth mounted him) while her husband John fed Bud his cock. Diane was the meat in a DP while sharing a third cock with the guy who was fucking her cunt. Jonathan was still sucking himself off, but now he also had a cock buried in his ass and a line of men forming for a gangbang.

Deana was lost in the moment. Roxanne was sawing three fingers in and out of her pussy while continuing to pound her ass with the strapon. Deana felt an orgasmic explosion building in her deepest center, but she wasn't sure if it was from the vaginal or anal stimulation. Or was it from the sweet taste and texture of the copious amounts of precum leaking from Edward's cock as she sucked him deeply? He was pulling and twisting Deana's nipples according to Roxanne's direction.

"That's it, boy, pull those titties just as far as they will stretch," Roxanne said, panting from the exertion of fucking Deana's but. "Now twist them hard. Harder!"

Deana moaned as her first orgasm washed over her. Roxanne accelerated her fucking and fingering of Deana's orifices. Edward, never a long lasting lover, erupted with a huge load of cum when Deana grabbed his balls.
