 "She's gone!"

"Finally!" she said. I could hear a tinge of irritation mixed with relief in her voice. I didn't blame her. I had been feeling frustration myself. 

It had been nearly three months since I had been to the swingers club with my friend Emily. My wife had usually gone out of town to visit family at least one weekend every other month but that cycle was broken the last month--much to the chagrin of Emily and I. When I finally learned that my wife was going to take our son to visit her aunt for a few days, the first thing I did when I dropped them off at the airport was make a call to Emily on my cell-phone. 

I hadn't had the opportunity to call her over the last few months to talk at length, just a few minutes here and there to say hello. I learned later that this was actually driving her crazy. Each time she saw my name on the caller ID, she thought I was calling her to tell her I was free to join her on a new adventure at The Club. The place where our last two visits had led to some of the most intense sexual experiences in Emily's life. And for myself, quenched the incredible hunger I had for watching others have sex before my very eyes.

Going to The Club together was a win-win situation for us both. For Emily, I provided a strong sense of security for her and this comfort allowed herself to fully unleash the more risqué sexual desires she had within. For myself, I could satisfy the sexual frustrations I had from my marriage by watching my friend's adventures with others. In my mind, watching wasn't cheating. Emily wouldn't fuck me knowing my wife was oblivious to what we were doing and I had no intention to mess around with someone else. This fact left me with very little guilt, which increased my enjoyment that much more.

"So, are you ready to go back with me?" I said. Hearing Emily's voice combined with visions of our last adventures at The Club together made me hard within seconds. I wished I wasn't driving so I could touch myself.

"Are you kidding?" I could still hear some bent up frustration in her voice as she continued. "I didn't think it was going to be this long! The more time passes, the more I feel like I need to go back!"

Her comment excited me but also made me curious. "Have you been celibate since we've been there?"

"No!! You know me! I can't go that long without having sex with somebody!" She softly laughed. "But, I don't know what it is about that place. I feel free to become completely hedonistic when I go in there." She paused a moment before saying further, "I think I'm addicted to that place!!"

We were quiet a few seconds. I knew exactly how she felt; I had feelings of addiction to The Club as well. It wasn't long though before I wanted to hear details of her latest conquests. "So, how many guy's have you slept with since we've been to the swingers club?"

"Two." She said, simply.

"Any good?" I assumed correctly that each was on a separate occasion.

"They were okay. One guy was a lot better than the other but I still had to teach them a few things" I could tell by her voice that neither man had left her with any life long memories.

"What did you need to teach them the most?" I asked, curious.

She laughed softly once again, "They both weren't very good at oral."

One thing that I always loved about Emily was her boldness. If she wanted something done right, she wasn't afraid to state her case. But, she always did it in a way that made the other person feel better about them selves in the end. "How were they after you taught them some things?"

She giggled, "They improved but I've had a lot better! Like you!"

I smiled from her compliment but decided not to go any further with it. Instead, I said, "Maybe you should find a woman again! I distinctly remember you telling me that first night we went to the club while we were driving home that you now know why they say women eat better pussy! Maybe that's what you need?!" A jolt of adrenaline caused me to briefly tense as a vivid image shot into my mind from that night. I could see Emily lying on her back, her legs spread open as a beautiful girl we met that night devoured her. It was a vision I would happily carry with me to my grave.

She paused a few seconds, thinking, then said, "Maybe I should!" Her voice was soft, almost serious. I thought I sensed longing in her voice.

"How 'bout I pick you up at 11:00 tonight?" 

"Make it 11:30! The last time we left, there were some cute couples walking in as we were leaving! Maybe the cute ones come later?" She said, playfully.

"I'll pick you up at 11:30!!" I said, fighting to keep my voice from cracking. As I drove home, I turned the radio up loud. Excitement and anticipation made my heart race; it was moments like this that made me feel alive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As I expected, time felt like it dragged on for an eternity until Emily and I finally pulled into the parking lot at the swingers club. As we had the previous two times we visited The Club, we both played the loyal couple by holding hands as we walked in. After paying the cashier, we walked to the now familiar juice bar, ordered a few drinks, and then sat down at some chairs in a corner of the club. 

During this entire process, my full attention was focused on the patrons and how they were reacting to Emily as we walked to our seats. I smiled coyly to myself as I watched subtly the reactions of faces in the crowd. I found an intense stare here, a jaw dropping there; variable expressions but the majority of them possessing some form of craving as they watched her.

It was easy to see why. For this night, Emily had decided to wear a cute little sundress that was white but speckled heavily with red flower designs. It was a conservative dress, falling to mid-thigh but was designed to highlight the beautiful body that was hidden beneath. The heels of her white sandaled shoes seemed to extenuate her form that much more. At the moment, this 26-year-old woman was the youngest and most desired woman in the club.

As we sat at our table working on our drinks, the occasional individual or couple would come over to us to say hello. As Emily had shown before, she had a wonderful way of being friendly yet show disinterest if she didn't find someone attractive. Emily wasn't looking for a male model or a Penthouse Pet but she wasn't interested in giving herself to just anybody either. Someone who was both cute and confident would do just fine.

As Emily sat across from me, I looked down at her red-painted toes as she nervously moved her foot slowly up and down. As I watched, I couldn't help but think that foot was eventually going to be resting on somebody's back before this night was through. A pleasing chill came over me as I thought about it. 

Soon though, I shook this thought out of my mind. Attempting to distract her, I said, "What are you so nervous about?"

"I'm not nervous! I'm horny!" She said with a soft smile.

I should have been used to it but hearing her words still gave me butterflies. After a few seconds, I asked, "So what are you wanting to do tonight?" 

She paused a second, thinking, before saying, "I'm not really looking for anything special. I just want to play. I want somebody to grab me and pull me into a room and do whatever they want to do to me!!" Her face had a serious look when she said this--it was hunger. 

Before I could say anything further though, I noticed her eyes light up suddenly as she smiled. It was obvious that someone behind me had caught her attention. Turning my head to see for myself, I saw what caught Emily's eye. Excited, I found she was looking at Jim and Sasha, the couple that introduced Emily to the wonders of group sex the first time we came here to The Club.

Standing with them at the bar was another very attractive couple, all of them conversing for several minutes until Sasha happened to glance in our direction, catching Emily and I looking at them. When she saw us, she immediately grinned which caused both of us to do the same. As we continued to look in their direction, we could see Sasha get the group's attention, both of us reading her lips as she said what appeared to be 'There's Emily' as she pointed at us. Everyone in the group turned and smiled when they saw her, especially Sasha's husband. Jim had some extra fond memories the night he first met Emily. 

Quickly, all four grabbed their drinks and started to head over to join us in the corner. As they reached us, we both stood and I watched as Emily exchanged brief hugs with Jim and Sasha. Then, Jim introduced us to their friends, Steve and Paula. 

Steve was about 5'8" and weighed about 165 with a muscular build. He had blonde hair styled in a Caesar cut that had an odd way of heightening his bright blue eyes. Emily stared intently at him as they shook hands. It was obvious the way they looked at each other that there was an instant attraction between them. 

His wife Paula exchanged a firm handshake with us next. Her hair and eye color were the same as her husbands and she had a beautiful smile. She stood about 5'3" and possessed a beautiful, petite body. She wore a casual black shirt with Khaki shorts that gave her a cute, college coed look. As I watched her look at Emily, I couldn't help but notice that her eyes drifted up and down Emily's body, admiringly. 

Over the next 20 minutes, we learned that the two couples had met here at The Club and they all had quickly become good friends--friends who just happened to enjoy being sex partners. Emily and I also learned that Sasha's tastes had increased to where she was now having sex with other men, something the both of us found very exciting. When we had met Sasha a few months earlier, she was only interested in her husband and other woman. The thought of watching Sasha have sex with another man was very titillating.

With this thought still running through my mind, Emily and I listened closely as Jim and Sasha told us about various adventures the two had experienced over the last few months, both enjoying the fruits of several different people here in The Club. It wasn't long until our arousal increased even more as we listened to Jim avidly tell us how exciting it was to see his wife fucking another man for the first time. He spoke in vivid detail about what he witnessed first hand which magnified the sexual tension within the group.

"Watching the look on her face when she felt him slip inside her for the first time was too much! I almost came right then and there!!" Jim said. The look on his face clearly showed it was a fond memory.

"How did you feel Sasha?" Emily asked as she nervously shook her foot up and down once again.

With a bashful smile, Sasha said, "It was a turn-on! It was exciting!" She bit her bottom lip as she shyly hung her head down, embarrassed from the attention. She looked incredibly cute.

Emily pressed her further. "Was it good?"

"Yeah!! He wasn't as good as Jim. I had him wear a condom too and I hate those things. But…the taboo of it all…combined with the look on Jim's face as he watched was too much! I came pretty fast!!" Her shy smile immediately returned.

"Did you have a good orgasm?" Emily asked. It was obvious she was enjoying hearing these details.

"Yeah!!" 

"Yeah she did!!" Jim said, almost the same time his wife did. Holding Sasha's hand, he brought it to his mouth and kissed her. It was obvious as they looked at each other they were fully enjoying all this.

We all grinned in reflective silence for a few seconds until Steve spoke to Emily and I. "Jim and Sasha have told us in great detail how incredibly exciting it was the night they joined you two in the Jacuzzi room. Was it as hot as they said it was?"

"The water was on the warm side!" Emily teased, causing a small chuckle within the group before continuing. "No! Seriously, it was one of the most intense experiences I've ever had!" Her face lit up as she continued, "I definitely had fun that night!" Emily smiled brightly at Jim and Sasha after she spoke.

Paula directed the next question at me. "Did you ever get jealous while you watched?"

"Not at all!!" I said immediately. "Watching these three go at it was unbelievable!! I don't know why but I get off more on just watching!!" This was a half-truth but I felt I needed to reinforce I was just an observer.

For several minutes, Steve and Paula probed Emily with specific questions about what she enjoyed most about that night, both were eager to hear her side of the story. As she boldly answered their questions, we all could hear the building arousal in her voice. She nervously fiddled with the hem of her dress as she spoke. 

Hearing her responses did absolutely nothing to lower the now extremely high sexual tension in the air. Everyone in the group adjusted how they sat. Especially the men, we all had visible erections in our shorts. As my heart raced, I thought I could just barely smell the unique scent a woman makes when she is highly aroused.

Unknowingly, Paula started what eventually pushed everyone over the edge when she asked, "Did you enjoy tasting another woman for the first time?" Her face was mildly flushed when she asked.

"Yes!" Emily said, softly.

"Did you enjoy it when Sasha went down on you?" Paula's voice was getting serious.

"Yes, I did!! Very much!" Emily's eyes glanced over at Sasha who was smiling.

Everyone was silent for a brief moment, everyone enjoying how their bodies felt as hormones surged. Sasha pushed things further when she said to Paula, "Emily tastes like candy. You should try her!"

Emily's face flushed further when she heard what Sasha said. Paula smiled shyly.

Jim sensed what was happening. Fully confidant Emily wouldn't object he said, "Why don't you go ahead and taste her, Paula? I remember you saying, 'I'd like to try that!' when we told you about that night!"

Both Paula and Emily sat silently after hearing what Jim said. Emily sucked on her bottom lip as she looked over at Steve and Paula. Looking right back, Paula looked to be fighting to prevent herself from laughing out loud--not from humor, but from nervous energy.

After a few moments of looking at each other shyly, Paula finally said with a quiet, shy voice, "Would you mind?" 

Emily's breathing suddenly became quick and shallow. Softly, she said, "No!"

Both looked at each other; lust building on their faces as Paula said, "Where?"

Feeling the intensity of what was transpiring, Jim looked to increase it even further when he said, "Why not right here?"

Trying not to be obvious, Paula looked around to see if other patrons in The Club were listening or watching them. There were about 30 people downstairs but most were chatting at the bar or moving on the dance floor. The closest people to us was a group of four, several tables behind where Paula sat. Emily had her back to the wall. It was clear that Paula was checking to make sure she wasn't going to be the center of attention, at least for the moment anyway. 

Nervously, Paula asked once again, "Are you sure you don't mind?" Everyone was now breathing quickly. All of us tense with anticipation.

Emily only used her eyes to confirm for herself what Paula just had, making sure she wasn't going to be the center of attention. Satisfied, she told Paula she didn't mind but used no words to do so, only body language when she shook her head no as she subtly open her legs, just a little bit. At that moment, I knew Emily's hormones were clouding her judgment like alcohol. Normally when it comes to sex she is somewhat private but right now she didn't care. She was loving every second of this.

Paula took a deep breath as she stood and walked the few steps over to Emily. When she reached her, she sat down on her knees directly in front of her. Both girls looked directly into each other's eyes, both with hungry looks on their faces. Emily's mouth hung open slightly to ease her rapid breathing.

As Paula continued to look up at Emily's face, she touched her for the first time as she moved her hands forward and placed them on either calf before slowly moving them up each leg, enjoying Emily's soft skin as well as working to stimulate her even more. When she reached Emily's thighs, Paula continued to look up at her as she slowly caressed them, running her hands up underneath Emily's sundress. The eroticism of this view was an incredible turn-on for us all as we watched intently.

After spending a few moments to caress her thighs, we could clearly see Paula's hands start sliding up Emily's body until she reached her hips. Emily eased what Paula was attempting when she adjusted herself by moving her lower body closer to the edge of the chair. As she quickly wet her lips with her tongue, Emily lifted her hips up as Paula pulled her hands down, clear to us all that she was slowly removing her panties. Paula's husband moaned as he watched.

After lifting both feet to allow Paula to completely remove her panties, Emily moved her body a few more inches to the edge of the chair; her legs now spread open around Paula. Briefly, the sundress hung down covering Emily's womanhood until she reached down, grabbing the hem of the dress and pulled it up, exposing herself to Paula for the first time. Seeing Emily's beautiful pussy just a foot away from her caused Paula to softly moan. Hearing her, Emily bit down on her lower lip. With her pubic hair neatly trimmed, we could easily see light reflecting off Emily's pink labia, vividly showing us all how wet she was.

As she started to move her head forward, Paula looked up at Emily once again and said, "I'm going to make you cum!" 

My heart literally skipped a beat when I heard her say this. Emily deeply sighed. 

With that said, Paula moved her head forward the final few inches, covering Emily's pussy with her mouth. When contact was made, Emily took in a deep breath as she closed her eyes, moving her head back as she gripped the arms of the chair tightly. Paula moaned once again when she quickly discovered how sweet Emily's pussy truly tasted.

With Emily's vaginal lips wrapped around her tongue, Paula proceeded to expertly move it all around Emily's pussy. As we continued to watch closely, Emily soon started to slowly grind her lower body into Paula's face as soft moans began to escape from her. Gradually becoming lost in the sensations Paula's mouth was giving her, she soon reached down with her hand to grab Paula's hair as she raised her feet up off the floor to spread herself open even more.

Paula fully enjoyed the control she now had over Emily, looking up to her face as she savored the taste of her juices. When she felt Emily touch her hair as she raised her feet, Paula moved up her hand and proceeded to spread Emily's labia apart to give her better access to Emily's clitoris. As she exposed her swelling cherry, Paula focused all her attention on it, working to push Emily over the edge. 

For several minutes, we all watched transfixed on this gorgeous scene taking place before our very eyes. The view of watching this attractive women pleasing Emily with her mouth was awe-inspiring. As Paula's tongue danced over Emily's clitoris, it wasn't long until Emily said hungrily, "Put some fingers inside me!"

Several of us grunted when we heard this. 

Hearing Emily's lustful request, Paula did as she asked and quickly placed two fingers from her right hand deep inside Emily's pussy. Feeling Paula's fingers slip inside her, combined with her warm tongue flicking over her clitoris, Emily soon rested her calves over the arms of the chair so she could fully relax and concentrate on what Paula was doing to her. As she did this, the sensations Paula was giving her caused her to start moaning even louder. 
