 Please keep italic and bold lettering where indicated

........

It takes me awhile to notice the “lump” brushing against, and occasionally poking, my ass cheek. The club is so jammed packed with people that it’s impossible to move or stand and not have someone touching you. By this point in the night I’m so use to people pressing, bumping, grinding and even occasionally groping me, that I block most of it out.

I assume the lump I feel is someone’s car key fob or wallet, but it’s impossible to tell. Of course after four drinks (no wait, we opened the night with a shot of tequila, so five drinks) the alcohol is also dulling my senses. It’s the repetition of the “poking” that makes me finally take notice.

I look across from me at the mirror that covers the entire wall behind the bar to see if I can spy who’s doing this. Despite the patch work of shelves holding every imaginable shape of bottle, containing every possible type of booze on the planet, there is enough of an open area that I can clearly see myself and scan most of the room behind me.

The club is almost pitch black, with intermittent strobes and flashes of multi colored lights being the only things disrupting the darkness. The music is so shockingly loud that it overwhelms your auditory sense to the point where you almost don’t hear the music, so much as feel it. The “thump” “thump” “thump” of the pulsating bass washes across the shadowy, undulating sea of tightly pressed dancers and passes right through me, vibrating every cell in my body. It’s affect is so hypnotic and infectious that even I was convinced to dance earlier, moving and swaying with the crowd to its unrelenting beat.

It’s been years since I danced, and I felt embarrassed and awkward at first, and definitely out of practice. I really used to love it though, when I was a much younger woman; before marriage, and before my asshole of an ex-husband squashed the spirit out of me.

But tonight is my night, so I danced until my awkwardness fell away and until I was so drenched in sweat that my dress and underwear were soaked. Secretly, later in the night when I went to the ladies room, I removed my moist panties and put them in my bag. I feel much cooler now, way more comfortable and (hehehe), yes, a little naughty!

There is something indescribably primal, and more than a little erotic, about a mass of strangers moving in unison to the pounding rhythm of music. Even standing here at the bar I’m still unconsciously moving my booty.

Looking across at my reflection, I can see the “poking” culprit over my shoulder. He is standing directly behind me and I’m able to catch glimpses of his face in the flickering light. He’s 20 something (just like pretty much everyone else in here except for Kelly and I), 6 feet tall and cute, despite the stupid “man bun” on the top of his head. He is swaying to the music, holding his drink up by his face with his eyes closed.

He looks innocent enough. I guess he isn’t aware he’s “poking” me.

 

Kelly leans her face in close on my left, and tells me that Lisa and her are going to the restroom. The music is so loud the only way to communicate is through sign language or to speak directly into someone’s ear. I nod and smile, then gazing at the mirrored wall, watch as the pair push their way through the crowd, getting quickly swallowed up by the dark mass of partiers.

‘Good luck to you!’, I think to myself, because I know from experience the line to the lady’s room is at least 30 minutes long! I lean to my right to let Helen know where Kelly and Lisa are off to.

Helen and my best friend Kelly have recently struck up a friendship after meeting at the gym. It’s funny how quickly women size each other up. I think back to earlier in the night when Kelly first introduced us. Instinctively I scanned Helen, gauging her to be at least 15 years or so younger than Kelly and I. She can’t be older than 27 or 28, and in fantastic shape.

My eyes were immediately drawn to her tiny waist and rock hard abs, which were clearly visible thanks to her crop top blouse. While I may have slightly larger breasts then her, the difference between her bust, waist, and perfectly shaped ass, make her curves more pronounced than mine.

Bare footed, she is probably only an inch taller than me, but her pumps add at least another four inches to her height. At this point in my life I could never wear that type of heel and survive until morning without being crippled! Nope, only sensible heels for this girl!

Helen’s dirty blond hair has lighter streaks framing her angelic and very pretty (oh let’s just be honest, gorgeous) face. Her sparkling light turquoise blue eyes match her bubbly personality perfectly, and she’s so sweet, upbeat, and full of positive energy that its impossible not to like her.

My eyes shift back to the spot in the mirror where I can spy on “man bun”. To my surprise he is looking back in the mirror directly at me. Not only is he looking at me but even in this dim intermittent lighting, I can tell that he is ogling my boobs!

I shift my gaze to my bust and have to admit it’s hard not to stare. I’m wearing a new dress that I had ordered on line, late one night on a whim. It’s shorter than I expected and way sexier than I imagined; with a mid thigh hemline and sweetheart top. The spandex interwoven fabric clings and stretches to every curve of my body and makes my ass look round and firm (Kim Kardashian ain’t got nothing on me! Hahaha!). I swear I planned on returning the dress, but just for a laugh, I struck a sexy pose as I modeled it and sent a selfie to Kelly.

“Oh my God girl! You look amazing! You have to wear that tonight!” She told me.

We debated the issue for the next 10 minutes before I finally agreed, but I insisted on wearing a cardigan to cover my top. What I didn’t count on was the club being so hot. I worked up such a sweat from dancing that I removed it hours ago, totally forgetting that most of my 34D boobs were on display!

Smiling as I’m lost in thought, I realize “Man bun” mistakenly thinks my smile is directed at him and he grins back. Staring now at his face I can’t help but notice that his “car key fob or wallet” seems to have grown bigger and harder and is now pressing against my ass with a steady pressure.

OMG! He’s dry humping my butt! 

My heart skips a beat at the thought of this guy’s semi hard dick pressing against the cheek of my ass. Before I can say anything, Helen, noticing my reaction, leans in from my right to ask me if everything is okay. Speaking directly into her ear I tell her about my “admirer” and how he’s unabashedly “introducing” himself to my butt.

Helen laughs heartily. Her mouth hovers near my ear, “You should grind that sexy booty on him and make him cream his shorts! That would be hilarious!”

I’m shocked by her suggestion, but the thought of it is so raunchy it makes my clit pulsate with excitement. I know it’s wrong but part of me would love to see if I could actually do that to him! Deeper down, if I’m honest with myself, I think I’m just proud and flattered that “man bun” is grinding his (hahaha) “MAN BUN” on my ass and not on sexy, beautiful Helen’s!

I feel bad calling him “man bun” now that we are getting “acquainted”. Chuckling to myself, I decide to dub him...”Ken”!

My heart beats a little faster as I lean back against “Ken’s” growing erection. I have to admit it’s been more than awhile since I had anything to do with a man’s dick. The whole reason we are at the club tonight is to celebrate my divorce finally coming through.

Shit, when I really think of it, it’s been over three years since I’ve had sex or even felt a man’s cock. Damn, this is crazy, but God, I miss dick! I miss everything about it! I miss the way it looks and feels in my hand as it grows longer and thicker and harder! I miss the way it tastes and feels in my mouth as it slips past my lips and slides along my tongue to the back of my throat. I even miss licking and sucking on big fat balls, for Christ’s sake!

I’m not sure how long I’m lost in thought; fantasizing about turning around and dropping to my knees, taking “Ken’s” stiff cock in my mouth and sucking the hell out it! It’s the feel of his hands on my hips that snaps me back into the moment. His dick is fully erect now and grinding hard between the cheeks of my ass to the beat of the music. I push back against it and sway my ass matching his rhythm.

Our eyes are locked in the mirror’s reflection and I’m so horny at this point, and my pussy is so wet, I’m not sure if it’s sweat or love juice I feel trickling down the inside of my thighs. Helen leans over to ask me what’s happening, and in her excitement, her lips accidentally bush against my ear. Despite the sauna like heat in the club, her warm breath tickles my inner ear and is noticeable on my neck, sending a shiver down my body, tingling my nipples and clitoris.

I describe to her what he’s doing to me, unashamedly explaining how his massive cock is turning me on and how he’s drooling as he stares at the reflection of my huge tits.

She’s giggling like a teenager when she tells me “Girl, you gotta take it up a notch! Reach back and squeeze his dick with your hand and flash those beautiful boobs!”

I wish I could blame being drunk on what I’m doing, but so much adrenaline is pumping through my veins at this point, I’m totally sober! I just have to face the fact that I’m so horny my desire for dick is pushing me past rational thought.

Without any hesitation I reach my hand back and search for his cock. It slides along his slacks, between his pelvis and my cloth covered ass, feeling for the lump in his pants. I’m stunned when my fingers brush against the hot flesh of his unsheathed, fully nude penis sticking out of his unzipped fly! Holy fuck what a turn on!

 “Ken”, you are a very naughty boy!

 

His cock is so hard and thick that my fingers can barely wrap fully around it! My clit beginnings to throb uncontrollably and is aching to be touched, as I do my best squeeze and stroke his dick behind me.

Growing bolder with each passing moment, he moves his hands further around my waist till his thumb’s tips are now touching just above my public bone, and his fingers and the palms of his hands are on my inner thighs, forming a triangle around my crotch. His gaze alternates between my face and my heaving cleavage.

Meanwhile Helen, who is observing all this from the side, is grinning like a Cheshire cat. Feeling left out, she leans in closely saying, “Come on girl, show him what he really wants to see!”

Helen slips her fingers in along the edge of my top, and before I can think or react, pulls the right side of my dress and bra down below my bouncing tit! I’m so shocked to see my reflection’s exposed breast that I quickly glance down in disbelief.

Yup! that’s my boob!

 

I panic for a second, hastily looking around to see if anyone else can see me. Thankfully the bartenders are far enough away, and are so busy that they don’t seem to notice. Overall I’m shielded by darkness, plus Helen’s body on the right, and the back of some large guy on the left. No, only “Ken”, Helen and I can see my exposed breast.

The affect on “Ken” is immediate though. Seeing my naked boob gives him all the encouragement he needs to fully explore the rest of my body. His left hand moves the short distance from where it was to the mound of my pussy and grinds my dress against my clit, while his right hand slides down to the edge of my skirt then up my bare thigh.

 OK, this has escalated quickly! But damn, I’m so fucking horny, I’m just going to roll with it! 

 

This is crazy! But hey, you only live once! Besides, I’ve been sexually constrained for so many years now, that maybe I need a little crazy! Plus I’m so desperate to be touched that this is just what the doctor ordered!

After brazenly exposing my tit, Helen cups what she can of my right boob in her small hand and firmly milks my nipple with her strong, but soft fingers.

“Harder!” I whisper in her ear.

My nipples are pretty sensitive but it really turns me on when they are pinched and bitten roughly during sex. Helen grins in responds to my command and doubles the force she had been using, sending jabs of pain and pleasure shooting out across my body, causing me groan loudly in ecstasy. It’s weird how pain and pleasure often cross paths with one another. Pain sometimes being pleasurable and too much pleasure being painful.

No point in holding back now. I follow Helen’s lead and pull my top down over my other boob, squeezing it and pinching down hard on my left nipple, as she continues work on my right.

Squishing her ample breasts against the side of my arm, she presses her hot lips softly against my ear and say, “What’s he doing to you now?!” Her voice much huskier and more sensual than before.

I’m suddenly aware of the smell of hair spray and the floral scent of her perfume. I’ve never experienced any kind of sexual arousal from a woman before, but I find this blend of male and female stimulation new, intense, and unexpectedly erotic.

I turn my face towards hers and stare into the beautiful light blue pools of her eyes; our noses and lips almost touching. The sweet scent of appletini on her breath is intoxicating! Hypnotically I creep forward until my lips touch hers and gingerly I slip my tongue into her mouth. The taste of appletini lingers sweet and delicious on her tongue, adding an unexpected dimension of sensuality to our kiss.

Crouched over my back slightly to reach my crotch, “Ken” has found my pantyless pussy and is stroking his finger up and down my dripping wet slit. His head is to the left of mine, smirking over my shoulder, intently watching me kiss Helen in the mirrored wall.

Even as I make out with her, one eye is always on “Ken”. I find it very erotic to see that my little “lesbian” display is clearly turning him on. I’m also suddenly aware of how attractive, and I hate to admit it, how very young he is (at least compared to me)! A pang of guilt flashes through me when I realize I’m almost old enough to be his mother! Not to worry, that thought passes quickly, replaced by pure lust!

“Ken’s” left hand has now joined his right under my skirt and is spreading my lips apart. I step up on to the bar’s foot rest and spread my legs, giving him better access to my hungry sex. I’m instantly rewarded with two thick fingers, knuckle deep in my vagina! As much as I don’t want to let go of his sexy hard dick, this position of backward hand job is too awkward and is straining my shoulder. I bring my arm forward and wrap it around Helen’s waist for support.

“Ken” is expertly fingering my pussy and rubbing my clit, alternating quick feathery stokes with firmer slow grinding pressure. He’s driving me crazy, and making me hornier than I can remember being in years!

As my pleasure mounts, Helen breaks our kiss and pleads softly in my ear, “What’s he doing to you now? Is he fingering your pussy? I have to know!”

Her hand drops from my breast and falls to my thigh. She uses “Ken’s” forearm as a guide and follows it up to my crotch. Her hand brushes past his, then traces the movement of his fingers around my pussy with her own.

“You’re so wet! That’s so fucking hot!”, she moans in my ear. “You want him to fuck you, don’t you!”

Hearing her voice my desire aloud sends a pang of shame and lust through me, making me blush. Yes, I have to confess, I want his massive dick in me! I know it’s ridiculous. We are in public, surrounded by hundreds of people! This is so wrong, so embarrassing, yet I’ve never been more turn on and excited in all my life! I’m acting like such a slut, but I don’t fucking care! Now that it’s been spoken I can’t imagine not doing it! I nod slowly in answer to her question.

“No.” she says, as she some how manages to slide one of her fingers into my pussy along side “Ken’s” other two. “Say it out loud.” I look into her angelic face and catch a glimpse of devilishness that I didn’t see before, “Yell it, out loud!”

Looking across the bar at our reflected faces, I lock eyes with “Ken”.

“Please fuck me.”, I say sheepishly. There’s no way “Ken” could have actually heard me, but I think he may have suddenly become a lip reader because he removes his fingers from my pussy in preparation to replace them with his dick.

But Helen is not satisfied with my effort. “No, Louder!” She demands. “Do you want his cock or not?!”

She slips a second finger in my recently vacated pussy and slowly moves them in as wide a circle as she can manage, making me moan deeply.

I try again, “Fuck me!” I say louder.

Of course it’s still inaudible, drowned out instantly by the deafening music.

“Louder bitch, like you mean it!” Helen barks with an impish smile on her face!

I can’t believe this is the same sweet, innocent young woman I met a few hours ago.

Finally giving in I let loose and really go for it. “Fuck me! Fuck my hot pussy! I need your cock in me now!” I scream, staring into “Ken’s” reflected eyes.

I’m so grateful that the music deadens even the full volume of my voice after only a couple of feet. The crowd around us is so consumed with their own partying and their senses are so over stimulated that none of them takes any notice of my outburst or seems to care at any rate. I have to admit that it was exhilarating, and a real turn on to boldly express my lust like that. “Ken” definitely receives the message. He moves his hands around my hips and slides my dress up high enough to expose my ass.

“Wait!” Helen shouts out to “Ken”, loud enough for me to actually hear it.

I look at her confused and watch as she fumbles around for a second in her evening bag, eventually coming up with a condom.

“Better safe than sorry!”, she grins.

I wait patiently as she opens the packet and applies the condom to “Ken’s” erection herself. I’m very grateful that she has my back because I’m way too horny to think straight. Protection now applied, I spread my legs and present my ass and eager pussy to him. My legs are trembling with excitement as I feel the head of his cock slide along the length of my vagina searching for the entrance to my pussy.

 Yeah right there baby! 

His cock is on the large size, and my tiny pussy is so tight from lack of use that it really has to stretch to take him in. At least he enters me slowly like a gentleman and doesn’t just slam it in there. I’m so wet lubrication certainly isn’t an issue. Helen’s fingers check the progression of his cock as it enters me.

Once I’ve relaxed enough to comfortably take him all in, I lean back until I feel the head of his cock press against my cervix. It feels heavenly to be filled up by dick after so many years of going without!

As he slides his beautiful erection in out of me picking up a steady rhythm, his hands reach around and squeeze and play with my sensitive tits. Every time he pinches my hard nipples it sends sparks of electricity straight to my pulsating clit. Our reflected eyes are locked in on each now.

Helen is licking my neck and ear and whispering some surprisingly nasty, raunchy things into it. This girl isn’t nearly as innocent as I first thought! The fingers on her right hand are now stroking and pinching my stiff clit, while her left is squeezing and caressing my right ass cheek.

“Ken” has a nice steady rhythm going and is grunting near my left ear like a bull. His pelvis and balls start slapping smartly against me and I’m forced to place both my hands on the edge of the bar or I risk being fucked over it.

 God, was sex ever this good before! How could I have been missing out on this for all these years! 
