 We all sat back for a few minutes to give Steven a moment to breathe and relax. I was still as hard as I could be, but knew that it wouldn't go un-noticed for long. From nowhere a barmaid appeared and offered all of us drinks and warm wet towels to refresh with. I noticed that she had brought like those that we had ordered earlier. I knew then that this club was a bit more than a normal orgy club. I wondered for a few moments what the dues were, but when you crawled up into my lap, I pushed my thoughts aside. 

You settled onto my cock easily as your juices were fairly running down your thighs. I knew that you were excited far more that normal and when I looked into your eyes, I saw a smoldering fire there. I eased down onto the couch a bit and could feel both Sharon and Steven's legs on mine. It didn't matter at this point very much. Your pussy was like a vice and I could feel your walls pulling on me as you rocked up and down.

Leaning a bit forward, you settled you face into my neck. "Someone is licking my ass and pussy baby." You whispered. I felt you shift a bit and hands spread my legs open. The mouth that was busy on your body dropped down and I felt a tongue swirling around my balls. It caused me to thrust higher up into you. This caused you to moan and tremble a bit. "Oh my god." You groaned. "They're pushing a finger into my ass now." Curiosity got the best of me and I had to look.

Sharon was the gifted mouth and Steven was working his finger deeper and deeper into your ass. This caused a definite reaction in my balls and I started thrusting deeper and deeper. You were moaning louder until it was almost a small scream. I watched closely as Steven shoved another finger into your ass and could even feel his fingers through the thin skin while I pumped into your pussy. It almost felt as though he was stroking my cock. This was overwhelming and I could feel my cock swelling more and more the closer I was to cumming.

Suddenly there were fingers at my ass as well. The best part of this was that I dint know who it was or cared for that matter. All I knew was that my ass was full with thrusting fingers; the fingers in your ass made your pussy very tight and I could feel fingers tickling my cock from inside you. I arched my back high into the air and started shooting my jism deep inside you. This caused you to scream into my ear and I knew that this was a huge orgasm for you too. I couldn't tell what was going on behind us exactly, but it felt as though there were hands, tongues and mouths everywhere. I lurched up into you over and over, emptying my cum deep inside your pussy. You wailed and moaned your way through along with me, slamming down as fast as you could. And to think that this was only the start of the night. 

We slowed down gradually and sometime during this I noticed that the fingers were gone. I could feel hands rubbing up and down my thighs and presumed that you did too. From time to time you would jump as you lay upon me trying to catch your breath. I noticed that all four of us were actually breathing hard and looked back at Steven and Sharon. Sharon was propped in Steven's lap, lightly caressing his cock and both were watching us.

"That was so awesome." Sharon sighed. "We haven't seen someone cum that hard together for a long time." She sighed again and leaned forward to kiss you on the thigh, then a little further and kissed mine. Steven was next and leaned over as well. I wasn't even the least surprised when he kissed you on the pussy, even though I was still buried inside you, but I was a bit taken back when he pulled my cock out and licked the length clean. He moved slightly to the side and Sharon started licking the juices off your pussy. I don't know how they both fit between our legs, but the mere touch of them was causing us both to jump.

"I think that it's time for the showers." Steven stated. I laughed and agreed because the room had gotten rather hot and we were all covered with cum, sweat and pussy juice. Sharon helped you to your feet first, allowing me to climb to mine as well. We grabbed our drinks and followed them to another hallway.

You could smell the baths before we got there. It smelled of flower gardens and you could almost see the steam in the air. Laughter and other sounds of pleasure met us as we entered. 

Honestly it reminded me of some sauna in a gym. There were benches strewn out through the room, tiles covered the floor, and you couldn't see across it. Vague shadows of other people could be seen, but certainly no details. We walked the short distance across and entered another door. Several more doors were on either side of a hallway and there were towels hung at each door.

Steven pulled me to the right and Sharon took you left. I wasn't real comfortable with leaving you, but you kissed me briefly with a smile and followed her in. Once inside, the air was much cooler and each wall of the small room had showerheads. Steven turned a knob just inside the room and the showers came to life. Taking a moment to adjust the temperature, he told me that usually they preferred that there was no sex in the showers. Everyone would be using them off and on and cleanliness was always a concern. I nodded and followed him in, grabbing a bar of soap and stepping into the refreshing spray.

I lathered rather quickly and it caused Steven to laugh a bit. "You're still nervous aren't you?" he asked. When I laughed and said yes, he stepped behind he and grabbed the soap from me. I was simply at a loss to do or say anything and stood there as he began soaping my back. "Relax, there is nothing that is going to happen unless you want it to." He was almost purring the words and I stifled another laugh. His hands did feel good though and I could feel the tension melting as he worked his fingers into my muscles. "Besides, if I know Sharon, your lady is getting the same treatment." I knew that he was right and decided to just go with this and see what happened.

When he pushed a bit harder, I reached up and wrapped my hands around the showerhead and leaned into the wall. I was wrong, his hands didn't feel good, they felt great. He was standing close enough that I could feel the heat of his body despite the water. He continued lathering and rubbing his way further down and when he reached my ass, I couldn't help but spreading my legs apart. You and I had bathed for so long together that I didn't even think about it. He must have not thought too much either because he ran his hands between my legs and wash my cock and balls too. Instinct was taking over and I was getting hard in spite of myself. He stroked my length for a bit, even though we both knew that I was clean and his hands were causing me to moan from time to time.

He moved his hand back to my shoulders and pull me around. Nudging me a bit and handing me the soap, we switched places. Not knowing what to expect, I simply began washing him as he had me. I used my hands almost roughly, knowing that I can massage a body with the best of them and he was the next to moan. "Feel good?" I leaned a bit closer and whispered to him that this was exciting, but I wasn't real sure what he would be able to expect from me. " Don't worry so much." He replied.

I washed him slowly, studying his body as I went. I use my fingertips to pry deep into his flesh, actually getting into the whole shower thing with him and forgot my surroundings a bit. As I kneaded lower and lower, he too spread his legs. I washed him almost perfunctorily and when I grabbed his cock, he too gasped. I rolled it a bit in my hand, concentrating more on the bathing part than anything. When he turned abruptly, I found myself almost on my knees and his cock staring me in the face.

I still wasn't sure of what I could do with him comfortably, so I stroked him a few more times then stood. As we were the same height, our cocks were level to each other and only a few inches of air separated them. He reached out and used mine to pull me closer. He then grabbed both our cocks and held them together, rubbing them slowly back and forth.

"You have been with a man before haven't you?" he asked. I nodded yes. "Then what is holding you back now?" I looked away and he released our cocks. I took a step or two back and leaned against the wall. I wasn't going to let him get the best of me and stared him straight in the face.

"I've never been with a man and a woman like this before. I love my wife and there hasn't been anyone else. I haven't wanted anyone else." He nodded and said that he understood. "But you know that they are doing the same thing we are don't you?" he asked. It was my turn to nod yes.

He stepped towards me and when I held my hand up, he stepped up to it, letting it touch his chest. "So are you afraid that you're betraying her, or are you afraid that you'll betray yourself?" I could only stare at him while I thought of his question. It was neither actually. I was more interested in you and I doing this together and told him so. He laughed for a moment and then said that my answer was cool enough and a nice surprise seeing someone so dedicated. "No more pressure I promise." He told me and turned back to the shower to rinse off. I stepped back up towards him and helped rinse the lather from his back. We stayed in the stream for a bit when he leaned back into me. I wasn't offended at all and wrapped my arms around his waist. There was no doubt that he could feel my hardness against him. He probably even knew that I was interested but had drawn a small line.

"We could always sneak over and see what they are doing." I giggled. He laughed too and broke away from me. "C'mon then and let me show you something about the other showers." I looked at him curiously and he only grinned harder. We quickly turned the water off and stepped out of the room.

We crossed the narrow hallway and stepped into the room down from the one you and Sharon were in. What I saw then was unbelievable. The showers on this side of the wall only had walls that went just so far up. The rest was all open. We peered over and there were you and Sharon washing each other down just as Steven and I had been. 

Both of you were standing as close as two people could and your hands were roaming all over each other. You both had you legs wedge between each other and were sliding up and down each other's thighs slowly. What excited me most was that you were kissing each other passionately. I stepped up closer to the wall and Steven reached over and turned the showers on. As the water started heating up, he stepped up next to me and reached out to grab onto my cock. You looked up at the sound of the water and saw me standing there.

You stared at me with pure lust in your eyes. What ever Sharon was doing to you must have been good. You mouth to me, asking me if I was having fun and I nodded. You glanced at Steven then and mouthed "thank you" to him. That done, you centered your attention back to Sharon, your hands trailing down her sides and then one disappearing between the two of you. I could hear Sharon moan at your touch and almost involuntarily I grinded into the wall of the shower. "What about the no sex rule?" I whispered to Steven. He grabbed my cock a bit tighter.

"I said that they preferred that we didn't, we never said that we couldn't." He chuckled and stepped behind me, pushing me closer to the wall. He hand was slowly pumping up and down the length of my cock and I couldn't help but to moan. He stepped closer and I could feel his cock behind me. I reached for it and started pumping it while watching you.

"Is this close enough to her now?" He asked. I was beside myself and couldn't answer him at all. You and Sharon were kissing more urgently and I knew that both of you were pumping your fingers into each other. Sharon's free hand was wrapped around you, holding you close and I could see your hand at her ass, squeezing it and slapping it lightly. Steven pushed closer to me until I had to pull my hand from him. His cock lay between my legs now and I could feel it pulsing with excitement. I was almost at the point of surrendering completely when he pulled away and dropped to his knees.

You had been watching and knew what was happening. I couldn't believe the desire that I saw in your eyes. Slowly, you started easing your way to the floor as well. It was almost as if you and Steven could see each other. When you reached her hips, your knees touching the tiles, I felt Steven's breath on my cock. I spread my legs at the same time Sharon did. His hand sought out my balls as his lips brushed my cock. I felt it jump into his mouth just as you buried a finger into her ass and planted you face into her pussy. A long and guttural growl parted my lips and I spread my legs wider for him.

You wrapped your other hand around her ass and pulled her close. From the way the she threw her head back, I knew that you had found her clit. Her cries confirmed my thoughts just as Steven sucked almost my whole length into his mouth. He snuck a hand further between my legs and easily pushed two fingers into my ass. Although I had orgasmed just a short while ago, this was too much excitement and I knew that I would be coming quickly.

I watched closely, humping my cock into his mouth gently as you pistoned your fingers into her. Her cries were getting louder by the second and added to my excitement. I had never seen you this way and was amazed. She spread her legs suddenly and I could see that you hand almost your whole hand in her pussy. She was working her legs furiously, trying to help you as you rammed into her deeper and deeper. I caught myself thrusting into Stevens's mouth almost at the same pace. I looked down at him and whispered that he had to see this. With a plop, he released my cock and stood back behind me. He hand wrapped back around my cock and I reached between my legs and pulled him closer so that I could stroke him as well. His cock was rubbing between my legs as he started thrusting into my hand. I was so tempted to see if I could take him, but the excitement was too much. All four of us were moaning and sighing as the pleasure began to over come us. 

As I watched you make this wild woman scream through a shattering orgasm, my legs started to buck and I started shooting my cum all over the shower stall floor. Steven stifled a roar and started arcing his cum between my legs and it joined my cream on the floor. You dropped a hand down between your own legs and in only a few strokes you too were ripping through an intense orgasm. We all were shaking and moaning for what seemed an eternity. 

Slowly, Steven and I parted from each other, blushing and chuckling as we realized that the both of you were watching. You stood and walked over to the wall that separated us. A small smile was playing across your lips.

"What was that all about?" I could only shrug and smile back at you, my face still very red. "We didn't get to watch you at all, damned wall. What was he doing back there?" Your questions were rapid-fire and still all I could do was shrug.

"Well, I think that you two owe us now." Sharon joined in. She had walked up behind you and was stroking your ass slowly up and down. "Why don't we all go to the sauna for a bit and relax?" Steven and I nodded.