 Julie, Steve, and Deana came down the grand staircase in the main playroom of The Club. They were on the way to the traditional Texas barbecue that always kicked off the three day annual Membership Meeting Weekend. They were dressed to thrill, but also to be able to quickly shed clothing.

Julie wore what she called "Texas Whore Chic." Cutoffs much more scandalously cut than anything Daisy Duke ever wore, a plain white tee shirt cut off to expose the majority of the lower curves of her breasts (if she raised her hands to shoulder height she would expose all of those lovelies) and a straw cowboy hat. She was barefoot, and her only jewelry was a clit clip with real diamond spangles hanging down below her labia. These dropped out of the legs of her "shorts" and caught the late afternoon sun when she went out by the pool.

Deana had on a simple cotton kimono, cut very short on the thighs and loosely tied. Beneath she had on a white silk shelf bra that exposed and supported her breasts, and matching white thong panties. She had on a clit clip that was identical to Julie's, and in addition had a stainless steel butt plug that was topped with a blue sapphire firmly ensconced in her ass. Simple flat sandals completed her ensemble.

Keeping with the theme of white material, Steve had on a sleeveless, button-less vest made of literal white gauze. The white mesh thong he wore helped hold his package up and proud, which was also adorned with three stainless cock rings stacked on his scrotum that would act as ball stretchers when he removed the tiny garment. He had the twin of Deana's butt plug in his rear, and also wore sandals.

The trio arrived at The Club about three hours earlier. Julie took Deana on a tour along with Joe and Candy, the caretaker couple who traded their management and work for club membership. Then Steve helped the women prepare for the evening by administering enemas in the specially equipped "wet room" next to the communal showers, and they did the same for him. Steve and Julie recounted the tale for Deana of how sharing an enema and shower in this same room some 10 years before served as the catalyst for their sexual partnership.

Following a quick rinse in the showers they went back upstairs to their suite to complete their preparations for the evening. A large welcome basket for Deana was on the bed in the bigger of the two bedrooms with a simple card reading "From the Founders." Julie had coordinated this touch. The bed was strewn with fresh rose petals, and the basket contained a variety of oils, lubes, bubble bath, a high-end waterproof vibrator, a rich leather riding crop, nipple clamps, and the clit clip jewelry that Deana now wore.

Deana and Julie spent the next two hours in the en suite bath and deciding what to wear. They played with hair and makeup and chatted about sex. Deana even briefly tried out her new vibrator in the shower.

Now as they passed through the main playroom they saw that festivities had already begun. A tall woman with washboard abs and thin, muscular arms and legs was energetically riding a Hispanic man's cock on one of the oversized divans that served as small play beds in the room. She had tiny tits that barely bounced as she fucked, and she was almost incoherently repeating "Oh God, Oh God" on every down stroke. Another man sat next to them on a couch, watching and idly stroking his cock.

Steve told Deana that the woman was Elspeth, a fitness center owner and instructor from Houston who had the reputation of exhausting several men every night at one of these events, and filling her time between men just as enthusiastically eating pussy. The Hispanic man, Pete, was known for his energy and stamina and was a favorite fuck toy for Elspeth. Elspeth's husband John was the man on the couch. He wasn't a cuckold, but really got off on seeing his wife work through cock after cock, often helping the next man get hard with a good blowjob. Elspeth and John were British ex pats from the Yorkshire region.

"I was the first guy John ever sucked," explained Steve. "Elspeth drug him to one of our house parties, and we had a memorable fivesome with Bob and Amber, who should be around here somewhere. Pete and I met in the hot tub here, double-teaming a woman. Later he gave me one of the best ass fucks I ever received. You should try him out for sure this weekend, particularly if you are looking for cock," he told his wife with a little, playful smirk.

A buffet line was set up on the far side of the pool deck in the shade. It was Texas barbecue with all the trimmings. Brisket, sausage, and chicken with potato salad, ranch beans, and cole slaw. The line was already long, and everyone greeted Steve, Julie, and Deana warmly as they joined the queue. 

Looking across the way, Julie spied Jack and Diane, who she met several months back at La Playa, already seated at a table eating. They were applicants for full membership in The Club. "If you guys don't mind, I think I'm going to start the weekend seeing just how good our new prospective members over there really are," Julie said to Deana and Steve. "I've heard a lot of good things from the staff at La Playa about Diane and Jack that have me intrigued. Do you think you can get on without me tonight?"

"We'll struggle through somehow, sexy," replied Steve. 

"Don't do anyone I wouldn't do!" said Julie. And with that she waved at her quarry and literally sashayed across the patio.

Steve and Deana worked their way down the buffet, commenting on the food and greeting and laughing with other members. As they got to the end of the line Steve looked around for a table, and did a double take.

"Honey, is that who I think it is?" he asked Deana.

"Oh my God, it's Bud and Terri!" exclaimed Deana. "God she looks incredible in that dress and haircut!"

Bud and Terri were old friends of Deana and Steve's. Their kids went to school with Steve and Deana's children. Bud was an orthodontist and Terri was extremely active in their community. Steve and Deana had been to several vanilla Christmas parties at their home. 

"I had no idea," said Steve. "I saw the names Bud and Terri on our list of new prospective Members that came out earlier this week, but I put it down to coincidence. Should we go eat with them? We're bound to have to at least say hello. Do you feel too awkward?"

"No, I told myself to check the awkward, cowardly Deana in the lobby as we walked in," Deana replied. "Like you say, we're going to have to talk to them sooner or later. We might as well do it now."

They strolled over to the table and Steve said, "Are these seats taken?"

Bud looked up and a big smile broke out on his face. He stood up and reached out a hand to Steve. Terri jumped up with a cry of delight and moved around next to Deana, taking Deana's plate and setting it down, then pulling her into a hug.

"We're saving them, hoping you two would show up!" replied Bud enthusiastically. "We've been hoping to run into you here for months, Steve. And now we finally hit the jackpot with Dee here too!"

"Sweetie, you look incredible. I love that kimono! But I thought you weren't into swinging?" Terri said to Deana.

"You look fabulous too, Terri," replied Deana. "I just recently woke up and realized what a ninny I've been for missing out on the lifestyle all these years. Now I'm here making up for lost time! And I guess I have missed out doubly. If you guys have been swingers all these years too we should have been much closer friends."

"Well, we just decided to dip our toes in the water after our youngest, Luke, joined the Army and we had an empty nest three years ago," Terri explained. "We found out that we liked it and we're comfortable with the emotional implications."

"Then we found out about The Club," Bud picked up the explanation. "We came here several times, became annual members, and then moved up to Associates last year. We've been hoping to see Steve here ever since and let him know about us. It would have seemed weird saying anything at last year's Christmas party. It's a bit out of place to say 'hey, we are available, and would like to fuck' in a room full of kids and acquaintances."

"Well good for you guys, a belated welcome to the lifestyle!" said Steve enthusiastically. "And congratulations on your nomination to become full Members. I've only been able to make it here a few times over the past couple of years because of work, and this is Deana's first time ever. In fact, she'll be one of your fellow Initiates Sunday evening. She was automatically an Associate by being married to me, but since she didn't attend she's never been confirmed as a Member." 

At this point the four of them moved to sit down. Steve and Deana got their first good looks at their friends. Deana knew Terri as a very smart woman who worked hard raising her kids and volunteered at her church. The Terri she now saw was a slut in a see thru latex mini dress with butterfly appliqués positioned specifically to not cover her assets. The dress was an open backed halter with venting around to her rib cage. A silver ring between Terri's breasts connected to a simple string tied around her neck like a bikini top. A thin strap ran from the bodice to a clasp in the back, and the skirt of the dress had a full-length zipper down the back. High-heeled roman sandals that laced about two-thirds of the way up her calves completed her ensemble. 

Terri's prominent nipples and aureoles showed proudly through the transparent material, and she had no apparent pubic hair. She was 5'6", 110 pounds with 34B breasts that were still firm with little sag thanks to all her obvious time in the gym. That hard work also showed in her small ass and tight arm and thigh muscles. Perhaps her most striking feature was her deep brown eyes, which she framed perfectly in black hair cut in a straight bob hairdo to her jaw line with straight bangs across her eyebrows.

Bud was 6'1'', 185 pounds with short hair that had gone completely silver at age 45. He had a natural cheerfulness about him that some people took as goofy, but that really masked a strong intelligence. He wore a Hawaiian shirt, buttoned only once, and a blue mesh thong that displayed his 7" cut cock and big balls as a nice package.

The four old friends ate and caught up on the latest news of their kids, and as dinner progressed the conversation drifted inevitably to sex. Bud and Deana first tried bi sex when they were invited to a Club event as guests. They both found they liked it and explored further whenever they came back. Terri was now "bi-furious," but she also loved being ass fucked by a real dick. Bud was situationally bi. He enjoyed both giving and receiving oral, but was a top only for anal.

Most of their swinging to date consisted of dates with couples and singles, punctuated by occasional weekends here at The Club. They had not yet found the time to go to La Playa, but that trip was on their bucket list. It was hearing about La Playa and Steve here at The Club that had piqued their interest about getting into contact with their friends on a different basis than before, and now here they all were.

Steve watched Deana surreptitiously throughout the conversation. She dove off the deep end when she decided to join him in the lifestyle, and he was a little worried that this twist of running into people they knew so well in her vanilla life would be too much for her. His fears steadily melted away as he saw how easily and naturally Deana talked with Terri and Bud about her own first forays into bisexuality and swinging, and how enthusiastically she described the male gangbang Steve had been the focus of in Papeete just a couple of weeks ago.

As dinner wound down, many of the people surrounding them began to indulge in the purpose of the evening. At the next table over one man began to give head to another. Three women laid the back of a double chaise lounge down flat and fell into a small daisy chain. Pairings and groups of people were drifting toward the pool, the grassy area, or back into the main playroom. It was time to see what the preferences and inclinations of Bud, Terri, and Deana were for the immediate future.

"Can I get anyone more tea? Water? A Drink?" Steve asked as he rose from the table holding his own glass. All three of his companions asked for iced tea, and Steve asked Deana to give him a hand. While walking to the drink station with the four glasses, Steve and Deana talked.

"Well, what do you think?" Steve asked.

"I think they're marvelous!" replied Deana. "I've always liked them, but they seem somehow more free, more comfortable with each other and the world. We would have melted the panties off of half of the PTA if Terri and I had the conversation we just held at the grocery store."

"So, would you like to try your first full swap foursome with people we know from outside the lifestyle?" asked Steve.

Deana didn't realize it, but she licked her lips as she answered. "Well, she is so cute in that haircut. That bob really sets off the lines of her jaws and her eyes, don't you think? And that dress, God she's hot! But would it be weird? She and I have done Women's Shelter raffles together for heaven's sake."

"You're right about Terri, she is really hot in that dress," Steve replied. " I imagine both in the figurative and literal sense since it's still about 92 degrees out here. Hell, it might melt onto her! Bud is kind of a goofball, but so much in swinging depends on the willingness of all parties to let go and treat it like true third grade playtime. He just has a natural joy that makes me think he'll be great in the sack, and he looks to be packing a really nice cock in that thong. I intend to find out sometime this weekend if he knows how to use it. But this should be your call. This is your first party, and I want you to move at your own pace."

"Let's do it," Deana said with lust. "But what if they think it will be too weird and turn us down?"

"If they've been Associate Members for a year and are nominated to move up, I'm sure they are having the same conversation as us and are coming to the same conclusion," Steve said. "Leave it to me."

"Guys, Dee and I were talking," Steve said as they returned to the table. "We have known each other a long time. Our kids had sleepovers and we've been to that great Christmas reception you guys throw every year a dozen times. And now here we are, running into each other at The Club, with all that implies about all of our attitudes toward sex. We understand if you feel like it would be too awkward, but we find you both very attractive, and as a bonus we really like you as friends. What do you say to being our playmates as well?"

"Bud and I talked too, thanks for giving us the space," Terri replied for the two of them. "When we first joined The Club and learned that you were a member Steve we were scared to run into you. But then we kept hearing stories about what a great and wild lover you are, and we started hoping to run into you. I guess you've been too busy with your resort the past couple of years, and we don't exactly come here every weekend, so we kept hearing that we missed you. Now here you are, and here is Dee too. We had no idea she was in the lifestyle too, but we've both always thought how beautiful and sexy she is, even when we ran into each other at the DMV. What I'm try into say is, we've wanted to fuck with you, Steve, for more than a year, and Dee is just making my mouth water in that sexy get up. So yes, let's play!"

Steve turned to Deana again, and looked deep into her eyes for a final confirmation. She smiled, and they stood up and kissed. "Remember what they said on Star Trek," Steve whispered in her ear. "The greater the intelligence, the greater the need for elementary play. Have fun tonight!" With one more kiss he turned to Terri, as Deana moved around to the seated Bud.

"Terri, you look so sexy in that dress," said Steve. "You have a killer body!"

"Why thank you," Terri acknowledged the compliment. "I ordered this from Europe specially for this weekend. It feels delicious on my skin, though it is a little warm out here. Actually I'm hoping I won't be in it much longer," she said with a wicked grin.

"Why don't I help you out of it, then we can take a dip in the pool and cool off," Steve offered.

"That sounds delicious," replied Terri. "And I've been wanting to get a look at your cock outside that thong."

Steve offered Terri his hand. Standing up by the table where their spouses were watching avidly, Steve lifted Terri's hand and led her into a spin to show off her dress to all lookers. Then he pulled her in for a kiss.

As she sat in Bud's lap Deana said to Terri "ooh, I bet that feels great to wear. I'd like to try it on sometime. You look yummy in it!"

"You can try it tonight if you'll let me help you in and out of it," Terri replied with a literal leer. "You look yummy too, and I can't wait to taste those fabulous tits of yours. I've always loved how you look at the gym, and seeing those flashes from your kimono is driving me crazy!"

While the women talked Steve moved around Terri and considered his task. He decided to start with unclasping the bodice, and then he untied the neck strap. The warm latex clung to Terri's upper body. Steve then moved down and unzipped the skirt, taking his time to run his hands up and down the round, firm globes of Terri's butt, but still the rubbery material clung to Terri's front. He moved back around in front of her, and slowly peeled the garment down, unveiling her charms. He draped the dress neatly on the back of a chair, being careful to avoid any wrinkles that might show as future creases in the rubber. 

Steve knelt down and untied the straps of one sandal. Terri stepped down off the heel, and then Steve untied the other. He stood back up and shrugged out of his gauze vest. He stepped out of his own sandals and peeled the white thong off. Steve's clothing joined Terri's on the back of a chair.

Deana now rose from Bud's lap, where she had been wiggling her bottom against his rapidly hardening cock as she bantered with Terri. She loosened the tie on her kimono, shrugged out of it, stood tall and arched her back. Her nipples were rock hard and stood up proudly above the shelf of her bra. Deana became a bit self-conscious when she realized that many people around the pool were admiring her. She was an item of interest to the members of The Club.

"Mmm, those look so tasty," Terri said with obvious lust. "Honey, take a taste and let me know how they are."

Bud stood up, leaned down, and took Deana's left nipple into his mouth in the first overtly sexual act of the foursome. 

"She tastes of passion fruit and woman," Bud reported.

"Julie had me put lip gloss on my nipples before we came down," Deana explained. "I guess there is still a use for high school beauty products! She's taught me so much in the last few weeks. I look forward to trying some things out with you guys tonight." She fondled Bud's cock in its blue pouch as she spoke. 

Bud took Deana into his arms and kissed her deeply. This was like waving the green flag, and Steve wordlessly led Terri to the pool. He held her hand like a gallant gentleman, and she stepped demurely down the steps into the water. They walked out to where the water came up to their bellies, then Steve followed Bud's example and kissed the beautiful brunette deeply. She ran her hands up his torso, and hooked one leg around his hip.

Encountering something unexpected, Terri asked "are those rubber bands around your nipples?" 

"Small grommets, actually," Steve answered. "I like to put suction on before a party, and roll these on as I take the bulbs off. Makes them stand up loud and proud for a long time, though I have to be careful not to leave them on too long. I've got a bit a nipple fetish. Comes from my mom not breast-feeding." 
