 Hello, dear reader. In case you haven't read my other stories, I'm Alicia. I'm eighteen years old and my best friend is Shelly, a very pretty girl who is eighteen and a half. Shelly walked me home from school one day as she usually does and we talked about our plans for when we graduate from high school. Shelly is getting married to Collin in September. I plan to marry Travis when he gets out of college, but until then, I have no idea what I'm going to do. I thought I'd go to the local Junior College and take a few business courses. 

*

We walked in the house and I dropped my school stuff where it goes, on the living room floor just in from the foyer. Mom wasn't at the computer where we usually find her.

"Mom, I'm home," I called out. 

"I'm in the kitchen, Honey," was her cheerful reply. 

We went to the kitchen through the dinning room where Mom was opening a big cardboard box sitting on the kitchen table, sifting through the popcorn packing foam. She came over and kissed Shelly and I, then returned to the box. 

"What have you got there?" I asked. 

"Oh, this just came a few minutes ago. I guess it's the toys I ordered from the computer site. - Oh, - my - gawwwd!" 

She held up a bright red box with a cellophane window containing an eighteen inch, double headed, flesh colored dildo. She set it on the table and dug out another one. Shelly picked up the red box and checked out the contents with great interest. Mom pulled out another box containing a rubber, lifelike, nine inch penis, detailed with blood veins, balls, and little hole in the head. It made my pussy tingle when I saw it, it was so real looking.

"This one is MINE!" she stated emphatically. 

"Mom!" I protested. "You always taught me to share."

"So I did," she kidded. "Well, you'll just have to wait your turn."

She set eight more out on the table, closed the box and put it on the floor. 

"These are for you girls," she said. "And for Friday night."

They were an assortment of different vibrators, dildos and pocket rockets. There was also a catalog showing a wide selection of toys to order. 

"Madeline already has a collection of toys to use," I said.

"Oh, that's right. Well, - we'll find use for them here, I'm sure."

"May I borrow your catalog, Jean? I'd like to look through it," Shelly asked.

"Sure, Shelly, take your time with it."

We took the toys from their boxes and looked them over, putting batteries in the ones that needed them. Mom picked up the cardboard box and headed out the door. I was holding a shiny gold, bullet nosed vibrator. I turned it on, quickly put it under Shelly's skirt, brought it up between her legs and goosed her with it, making her squeal.

"Grab those other boxes, would you, girls? We'll throw them in the outside trash can where George won't see them."

"It's too bad we can't include him in our fun, you know?" Shelly said.

"You enjoyed it the other night when I told you that you could have him, did you?" Mom chuckled.

"Like you said, he's a good lover when he wants to be," Shelly answered. "I just feel bad for him, sneaking behind his back."

"We're not sneaking behind his back," Mom reasoned, "we just don't tell him everything. I don't tell him every time I buy a new bra or panties."

"Yeah, but, what would he say if he found out his wife was fooling around with his daughter and her girlfriend - - -?"

"Oh, we don't fool around all that much. He probably would want to join in if he knew you were involved. Besides, he doesn't go without, I give him all the sex he wants."

"Mom, I always wanted to go to a nudist club. Do you think Dad would go for that? He'd be included then. There's one about an hour and a half drive from here," I asked. 

"A nudist club? I don't know, maybe. Let's ask him tonight when he gets home," she mused. "That sounds like fun."

Shelly and I helped Mom cook Dad's favorite dinner. Mom made the meatloaf and gravy, I made mashed potatoes and corn on the cob and Shelly made the salad. With homemade iced tea, it was a meal fit for a king.

Mom found the site of the nudist club on the computer and checked the place out. It looked pretty good to her. 

Dad came in and we ate supper. I didn't know it at the time but Shelly told me later that she was running her bare toes up and down Dad's leg while they ate. No wonder he seemed so jolly. He complimented Shelly and I for helping cook supper.

"You're going to make someone a good wife someday, Shelly."

Mom went with Dad into the living room while Shelly and I did the dishes. Mom came back in with a big smile. 

"He agreed to go," she said. "Reluctantly, but he said he'd give it a try."

"Well, dang, it didn't take you long to talk him into it," I said amazed.

"All I had to do was tell him Shelly would be going with us. You are going, aren't you, Shelly?"

"You bet! I wouldn't miss it."

"Let's ask him if he wants to practice!" I said. "We'll all take our clothes off and act like we normally do. We'll play cards or something."

"That's a super idea, Alicia!" Shelly said. "That should calm his nerves about it."

"Yes, that is a splendid idea," Mom agreed. "Let's do it!" 

We went into the living room where Dad was watching TV. He got the weirdest look on his face when he saw the three of us looking at him.

"What?!" he asked.

"Dear, we were wondering if we could practice nudism before we went there this weekend," Mom said sweetly. "That way if anyone gets cold feet about it, they can back out now instead of then."

"Now, as in, take our clothes off right now?" Dad stammered. "But Alicia and Shelly are here!"

"Alicia and Shelly will be there this weekend, too. Would it be easier to take your clothes off then instead of now?" Mom asked. "There'll be strangers there, too. That's why we think we should do it now to get used to the idea."

"But what if I get a hard, - uh, an erection?"

"So that's what's bothering you!" Mom said. "Here you're among family and friends, who love you and understand, there you'll be among strangers. Which will be easier?"

"They say it's not usually a problem," I added. "But if a problem does come up, you can just cover up with a towel until the problem goes away."

"Okay, we'll give it a try," he surrendered. "But if something happens, don't blame me."

We took off all our clothes. At first, Dad stared at his feet, but when he realized we had gone about our normal routine, he relaxed and started watching TV. Mom was on the computer.

"I just made reservations at the nudist club, Dear," Mom said. "How are you doing?"

"No problems," he smiled, sitting back in his easy chair. 

Mom sat on the sofa to watch TV also. I got some towels from the bathroom and handed them two.

"The rules say you are supposed to carry a couple of towels with you, one for sitting on and one for drying off with," I informed them. - "I'll take that bag of stuff up to my bedroom, Mom."

I carried the brown paper bag with our sex toys upstairs and put most of them in my dresser drawer. Big Dick and the gold vibrator I took into Mom's bedroom and hid them safely under her panties in her dresser drawer.

Down stairs, Shelly was on the computer while Mom and Dad watched TV, a typical evening at home except no one was wearing clothes. I sat on the sofa with Mom and watched TV until Shelly called me.

"Alicia, do you want to get on the computer now?"

I walked over and took her place. She stood beside me with her back to Dad. I looked at her fine naked body standing by my arm then looked at Dad. He was looking at Shelly's naked ass so intently that he didn't notice me looking at him. 

"Oh, shit," he groaned, almost a whisper.

Dad's hands were covering his cock as he stared at his crotch.

"What, Dear?" Mom asked.

"I'm getting a hard on."

"Why?"

"Every time I look at Shelly I start to get a woody. I just can't help it, she's so damn fine."

"Is that what you're thinking when you look at Shelly, that she's so damn fine?"

"Yeah, I guess so," Dad mumbled. "Hell, I'm a man, for god's sake."

"Well then, stop thinking that when you look at Shelly, or stop looking at her if you can't control your thoughts," Mom advised.

"Fuck, that will be hard, Jean" Dad said. "Maybe I'd better not go."

"It's just pent up excitement and the newness of the situation," Shelly said. "I bet if he fucked me a few times until Saturday, he wouldn't have a problem."

"You're suggesting that he fuck you every night?" asked Mom.

"You two are not helping the situation!" Dad complained, taking his hands away from his now throbbing erection. I laughed and Dad covered up again, shooting me a dirty look.

"No, that's not quite what I meant, Jean," Shelly said. "I'm saying perhaps it would help build familiarity if we would maybe have a threesome, George, you and I."

"Alicia, you shouldn't be listening to this!" Dad said.

"Dad, I know what a threesome is, and I agree with Shelly. It would help if she hauled out your ashes a time or two. You know what they say about familiarity."

"They're right, George. We should have a threesome with Shelly," Mom said.

"Oh, I couldn't. - Do you want to?" Dad asked.

"Yes you can! How many times have you asked me if we could have a threesome sometime? Well, now's your chance, Baby, and yes, I want to! Look at these perky titties just waiting to be munched on."

Mom had gotten up and stood beside her, cupping Shelly's breast in her hand. She bent down and flicked her tongue across the nipple.

"Go ahead, Dad, you know you want to," I encouraged him.

"You don't mind, Hun? What would you think of me if I did something like that?"

"Of course I don't mind! You guys go and enjoy yourselves. I love you and want you to be happy."

I watched them go upstairs and heard the master bedroom door shut. I stealthily went upstairs and slowly, quietly opened the master bath door to the hallway. The lights in the bathroom were off and someone had left the bedroom door ajar. It's like someone had expected or even intended me to watch.

"George, we're not turning out the light!" Mom said sternly. "What's the use of having a threesome in the dark when no one can see anything?! If you'd just relax and stop being so damn uptight, you wouldn't have a problem when you looked at Shelly. Now relax, damn it."

Now I know where I get my bossy attitude from when I get pissed.

"I'm relaxed, I'm relaxed. If I get any more relaxed, you'll have to carry me around in a bucket."

"Okay then, wise guy, I want you to heat Shelly up by kissing and licking her titties."

Mom was leisurely sliding a finger up and down her slit as she sat beside them on the king sized bed. Dad happily did as he was told. 

"Aren't they nice tits, George? You love kissing and licking those gorgeous tits, don't you? And you know what, George? You can kiss and play with those titties any time you want to, right, Shelly?"

"Yes, - oh, yes, Jean. I wouldn't mind that one bit."

"Now, George, I want you to get down and study Shelly's pretty pussy. See how pretty it is? It's shaved nice and smooth so you can see it real good. Shelly says you can look at her pretty pussy any time you want to. Isn't that right, Shelly?"

"Oh, yes, - yes."

"Pry her pussy lips open with your fingers, George. See her clit at the top of her butterfly lips? "

"Damn, Jean, I know where a clit is!"

"Well, I want you to study it so you won't forget it. I want you to be able to see Shelly's pretty clit whenever you shut your eyes.. Put your finger on her hood and slide it gently up and down the pink jewel. See where her butterfly lips meet and wrap over her little man in the boat? Wet your finger and circle that clit with your fingertip."

"Jean, this isn't the first time I made love."

"No, but it's the first time you made love to Shelly in a big bed like this. Now will you shut up and go along with the program?!

"You knew about the first time?" George asked, shocked.

"Knew about it? We set you up, Dummy."

"Jean, my god!"

"You're complaining about it? - Now lick her pussy, George. I bet Shelly will let you lick her pussy any time you want, all you have to do is ask. Right, Shelly?"

"Oh, - yes, - anytime."

"I see what you're doing to me. Playing a little psycho game?"

"Yes, George, that's what we're doing. We want you to be so familiar with Shelly by having sex with her that you can look at her and not get a hard-on unless you want to. Now will you go along with the program and stop fighting me?"

"Alright."

"Lick her asshole."

"Now, Jean, - "

"I said, - "

"Okay, okay."

Dad went down and licked Shelly's puckered little butt hole. I could tell by her whimpers that he was doing a good job. It must have been about that point that Dad finally released his up-tight inhibitions and really relaxed, because things went a lot smoother from then on. 

Mom kissed and licked Shelly's breasts while Dad licked her asshole. Dad saw what Mom was doing and a new passion rose up within him, making a new man out of him.

"Yeah! Lick those pretty titties, Jean. I'm going to fuck her now, okay?. Lick those delicious titties while I fuck her." 

Dad got on his knees and lowered his hips until his cock head slid into Shelly's pussy a little way, not even enough to bury the velvety head. Shelly moaned with desire as Mom straddled her face, facing Dad. Shelly thrust her hips up, taking half of Dad's cock in one motion, sticking her tongue in Mom's love canal at the same moment. The three of them gasped at the same time. Dad thrust his hips in and out as Shelly wrapped her legs around him, locking her ankles together. 

"Does her pussy feel good clutching your cock shaft, Dear?" Mom asked sweetly.

"Oh, yes, Hon. She feels so fine."

"Tell her so, Honey. Tell her how much you like fucking her sweet pussy. She can't answer you but she can still hear you."

"Oh, Shelly, you feel so good. I love fucking your sweet pussy."

Mom raised up enough to let Shelly say, "I love the feel of your big cock in my pussy, George, sliding it in and out like that.. Oh, you fuck so good."

"I bet he can fuck you like this any time he wants to, too. Can't he, Shelly?"

"Slurp, gulp, ah, any time he wants to. You can fuck me when ever you wish, George."

"Do you hear that, George? She said you can fuck her when ever you want to! She's no longer taboo, you don't have to sit and think dirty thoughts about her, you can just get up and do it. Isn't that right, Shelly?"

"Yes, and you can join us whenever you want to. I love fucking you, too, Jean."

"You mean, you two have had sex before?" Dad asked.

"Duh! That's why we're trying to include you. - Okay, let's change positions," Jean suggested. "George, you lie down and let Shelly get on top of you."

Of course, I was masturbating as I watched them through the partly open door, standing in the dark bathroom. The door swung in so all I had to do was look around the door jam to see everything they were doing. Mom, or Jean, straddled Dad's head as Shelly straddled his hips, facing Mom. Shelly's hips were moving rapidly now as she fucked his cock. Jean was sliding her pussy up and down Dad's face as his tongue licked her pink lips. Mom and Shelly were kissing and playing with the breasts of the other, massaging the spongy globes and tweaking the nipples. Shelly let out a high pitched moan as she had a shuddering orgasm. She wreathed on the still hard cock within her.

"You were disappointed when I told you I wasn't a virgin the first time we fucked, but I am a virgin somewhere else. Would you like to take that virginity, George?"

She wouldn't, I thought. Surely she's not going to - ah, - she did.

Shelly lifted up to take the stiff cock out of her pussy and redirected it to her other hole. Her pussy juices on the cock lubricated it enough to where it slid right in her. Dad moaned with pleasure as Shelly adjusted herself to get used to the tight fit. Mom laid down behind Shelly so she could see better.

"George, you're fucking Shelly in the ass! Did you know that? No need to wish and want that cute little butt any more, you're fucking it now. You should see the sight of your cock going in and out between her smooth, round, cute little ass cheeks."

"Shelly, oh, fuck, you feel so good, I'm gonna cum. Aaaaaaahhhhhh!"

I had stuffed a corner of a towel in my mouth to muffle my cries as I came while watching the sight and masturbating.. After a few moments, Shelly got up and let Dad's shrinking cock pop out of her ass and fall to his belly. Dad sat up on the bed.

"Let me go wash up and I'll be right back," Dad said.

"Oh, no," Mom said. "Let Shelly and I wash you with our tongues."

I was torn between making a hasty exit to joining them, so I split the difference and just stayed where I was. Dad laid back with a grin and watched the two beautiful women lick him clean.

"You two hussies are un-fucking-believable."

Mom and Shelly French kissed so Dad could see their tongues dueling with each other. They soon forgot about Dad and really got into kissing. They were hot! They quickly got into a sixty-nine position with Mom on top and Dad just watching. It wasn't long though before Dad was stroking another erection. While Shelly was licking and slurping and Mom was licking and lapping, Dad was stroking and grinning. It was quite an erotic sight to see. I don't remember Dad ever looking happier, he sure was enjoying it. He was no longer a klutz around Shelly but now was a smooth operator, feeling her leg and her ass cheeks as Mom licked her pussy. "Ah, Jean, you look so pretty licking Shelly's sweet pussy like that, you gave me another hard-on."

Mom got up and Shelly got off the bed, letting Mom take her place. 

"Fuck me, George.," Mom said.

Dad was between her legs in a heartbeat. Mom wrapped her legs around his waist as he slid his cock deep into her love box. Shelly laid on the bed beside them to watch. I exited the bathroom into the hallway and went into the bedroom quiet as a mouse. I didn't want Dad to know I'd been watching him all night. I silently went over and got on the bed with Shelly. Dad didn't know I was there until he looked over when he felt Shelly move. He saw me kissing Shelly and fondling her breasts. 

"Alicia! My god, are you in on it too?"

"Shelly and I have been lovers since December, Dad, but that's okay, I'll share her with you."

Now, I had heard Mom and Dad making love many times before that, but this was the first time I was in bed with them. I was amazed at how strong and virile he was. Now I see why Mom and Shelly say he's a good lover. He put Mom through her paces, changing to different positions, all the while glancing over at Shelly and I to watch us make love. Shelly's head was at the foot of the bed while we were in a sixty-nine, licking each other with delight. I was on top so I could easily look over at Dad who was watching me.

I, of course, was watching Dad make love to Mom as much as I could while making love to Shelly. I don't know what turned me on more, the sight of Dad fucking or Shelly's caresses, but I was soon overcome with a crashing orgasm.

"Oh - fuck, - I'm coming," I moaned.

Shelly was right behind me with her orgasm.

"Yeah, lick my clit, Alicia, lick it just like that. I'm gonna come, aaahhhh."

Dad was watching me and when I raised my head up, our faces were only inches apart. He smiled and gave me a quick, light kiss on my lips.

Mom was the next one to come. She was on her stomach with Dad fucking her pussy from the rear, his tummy making her beautiful butt quiver with each thrust of his hips.

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me George. I'm almost there. I'm - coming, - ooooooooooo."

Dad's rhythmic thrusts became erratic and he bucked his hips hard a thrust or two, then he groaned and shot his load deep in Mom's pussy. Mom clutched him tightly and purred.
