 We all met outside the shower stall and I think that the whole bathing and sex scene had relaxed us tremendously. You and Sharon were arm in arm and when I approached you. You leaned into me and laughed as though there was no worry in the world. A quick kiss on my lips and you turned back to Sharon. The two of you all but charged up the hallway, chattering and laughing as you went.

Steve and I were a bit slower to follow, not that it bothered me any, I was seeing the sight of a lifetime. Two absolutely perfect asses in front of me, there for the picking. 

A quick turn and we were all at another set of doors. Pushing through them, You could feel a rise in the temperature. Another set of doors and we were at the sauna. Small gauges were mounted to the wall next to a door and Steve went to adjust the heat. “I’m turning it down a little. I think we will be hot enough, no need risking a stroke.” We all laughed at this and I noticed that the nervous laughter from earlier was missing.

Steve opened the door and held his arm out to you. With that evil glint back in your eye, you gladly joined him. Sharon scooted over to me and we walked through as well. The rush of hot air wasn’t severe, but still enough to make you gasp. It took a moment or two for us to all settle. I sat on one of the lower benches and Steve sat just above. You sat next to him and Sharon settled next to me. When she swung her legs over my lap, I glanced at you. There was only a look of pure joy. You leaned closed to me.

“You know what I want to see don’t you?” It was my turn to smile once again. There had been many smiles that accompanied all the first this night. I knew that we would be continuing our journey. I watched you a moment longer as you leaned back to Steve and dropped a hand to his cock. It was already swelling. I was all prepared to watch this when I felt Sharon’s hands on my chest, then her lips. As Steve started roaming his hands across your body, I did the same to Sharon. The talk grew quite, but not the breathing.

Sharon continued to kiss her way down till her lips met my cock. Never missing a beat, she slowly started engulfing my length. I was staring at you and Steven this whole time and watched as you stroked him slowly till his cock was as hard as mine. Unlike Sharon, you started at his legs and started biting and nibbling your way up. He encircled your hand in his and helped you stroke himself up and down. As your lips reached him, you reached out to me and took my hand in yours. Pulling slowly, you brought it closer until I was stroking his shaft in and out of your mouth. From time to time you would lick my hand to keep it wet and I could slide up and down easily. Steve slowly slid forward on his bench till he was sitting close to me then laid back. You moved as he did and slid down to sit next to Sharon and I.

Sharon’s mouth was almost magical and she had me to full hardness in moments. Her style was not as graceful as yours, but she was swallowing me whole. You pushed at her for second until you could crawl into my lap. Easing down onto me slowly, you swung back around and went back after Steve’s cock. Sharon decided that she needed Steve’s tongue and settled over his face then leaned over and started sharing his cock with you. I was getting a real bird’s eye view as the both of you were only inches from my face. I don’t know if it was you or Sharon, but someone’s hand wrapped around my head and pulled me closer.

You brought your face up and kissed me. Steve’s excitement was obvious from the shiny beads of precum on your lips. I could taste him as you slid your tongue into my mouth. The hand pressed a bit harder and you actually held his cock out to me. Taking a breath, I slid my lips around him and sucked his cock into my mouth. I could hear both you and Sharon moaning and you even picked up the pace in my lap. 

We all started taking turns on Steve’s cock. It was comical in a sense as we were almost sharing a ice cream cone of sorts. He was leaking a fair amount of cum and we would kiss each other to share it from time to time. When his cock started swelling, he pushed us all away and sat up.

Sharon was the first to start pushing you and I down. When I was laying all the way down on the bench, you leaned over me and lay on top of me. I was watching Steve close as he crawled behind you. When he looked at me and pointed at your ass, I nodded. Where Sharon got the lube is beyond me, but it did surprise you. Steve had squeezed a bit onto your ass and once again I could feel his fingers on my cock through the small bit of skin between your ass and pussy. You were breathing harder and harder and when he moved again, you actually moaned into my ear. I checked and sure enough, he was pushing his cock into your ass. This made you so tight and I wondered how much you were enjoying it.

Sharon scooted around and you and I suddenly had her pussy and ass in front of us. She sort of leaned back while kneeling over my face and we had full access to eating her out. I stabbed my tongue into her ass and I knew that you were tasting her pussy again. She mewed like a kitten and I heard your moans as well. I don’t know how you could concentrate enough to actually lick her as well as you did, but from time to time you would lean over to me and let me lick her taste from your lips.

I could feel Steve’s cock sliding in and out of you and after all the sex that we had already had, neither he nor I were in much of a hurry. We were just enjoying being inside of you. I was wondering about Sharon though. She wasn’t getting much in the way of sex other than a thorough licking. She was wet though and I would scoop some of her juices up from time to time to smear them around her little pucker before jamming my tongue back inside her.

The room was all but quiet. We we’re breathing a bit harder, but the loudest noise was the small mewling noises that Sharon was making. You would moan from time to time, yet it was a contented little moan, as though everything was right in our little sex-filled world. I guess I could compare it to floating in a very warm and comfortable pool while small currents of electricity raced through your body to somehow stimulate you without exciting you.

I could feel Sharon trembling between you and I. Her body would tense up slightly, then she would shiver from end to end. Her arms had to be tired by now and when I ran a hand down her back, I found her covered in sweat.

“Babe?” I asked you. “I think Sharon needs a bit more than just our tongues.” I pulled myself out of you and helped you slide to the side. Steve was still buried balls deep inside your ass and moved with you. I grabbed Sharon and she got the idea very quickly. She climbed onto my cock and eased my length into her with a happy little sigh. 

I think that we all were jockeying for position for a moment or two. None of us were willing to be apart for long. You slid up behind Sharon and started almost climbing onto her back. This was a bit too much and with a reluctant groan, you pulled away from Steve and crawled up till you could straddle my face. This meant that Sharon and you were face to face, tit to tit as it were. I couldn’t see hardly anything. You lowered down and I was once again amazed that your pussy could be so wet.

I’ll be back in a shake”, Steve announced. It hit me then that he was the odd man out and I wonder for only a moment what he was up to before burying my mouth back inside your drenched pussy. Steve was definitely right about one thing; Sharon was tight. My cock felt like it was totally enclosed in velvet, except this velvet was wet and hot. I had a new respect for both of them. I got lost quickly. This was another dream come true for me. I had a gorgeous woman sitting on my face that was kissing and fondling another gorgeous woman that was sitting on my cock. All I had to do was keep from cumming and eat pussy.

My reverie was slightly broken when I felt hands on the insides of my knees. Steve was back and I knew that this was going to go one of two ways. He lifted my legs up and too my surprise and delight, I felt his breath on my balls right before I felt his mouth. Talk about the urge to cum. I tried my best to loose myself in the art of licking you till you came, but then his fingers touched my asshole. Not in a overbearing way, but to certainly let me know that he was there and where we were going. I think that Sharon sensed some trepidation because the pussy of hers became that much tighter and she started twisting a little.

“I have to see this.” You moaned as you crawled off of me. When I tried to look, Sharon laid down on my chest and almost pinning me so I could see past her. She covered my mouth with hers and slid her tongue into my mouth. The timing was perfect because at the same time Steve pushed a finger deep into my ass and I moaned into her mouth. When I felt your hands on my ass and balls, I arched up to meet them. This only caused the finger to slide deeper. He used the opportunity to wiggle it around and I moaned in approval.

Sharon was in no hurry at all, but the gyrations were incredible. She would rise up almost high enough to loose my cock, twist slightly, then ease back down even slower. Again that admiration for Steve. The thought of having her teach you this crossed my mind and I was glad that I didn’t say anything. Someone’s mouth was back on my balls and I recognized it as yours. You have this magical way of sucking one into mouth while your tongue swirls around it. I never have figured out how you could do this.

“You okay buddy?” Steve asked me as he was sliding that long assed finger in and out as slow as Sharon was sliding on top of me. Her mouth was still covering mine and all I could really do was push my ass towards him. He slid another finger into me and I could tell his fingers were dripping with lube. This finger went as deep as the first. I pushed Sharon up for a second.

“Steve, if you want to, go ahead. Just go slow.” I told him. He took the hint and continued his assault ever so gently and slowly.

“He’s had his ass used before by me.” You almost cheered. I think you were as turned on by this as I was. We had talked about a real man getting my ass instead of you using a strapon and it looked like it was about to happen at last. Steve added a third finger and I’m guessing that you were impatient because I felt your slim little finger slide in too.

Sharon leaned back over me and instead of kissing me; she started whispering into my mouth. “Just think, in a moment, there is going to be real live cock in that ass of yours. You’re going to love aren’t you? He’s going to slide into you so slow and so easy…” I had to clamp my mouth to hers so I wouldn’t cum from excitement.

Once again my legs were lifted into the air and I could feel Steve sliding his fingers out of my ass only to be replaced by yours. You slid three fingers easily and started pumping them in and out a bit faster than Steve had. A fourth finger followed.

“She’s sucking his cock, getting it ready for that asshole.” Sharon whispered. “He’s fucking her mouth to the same rhythm she’s fingering your ass.” Sharon was still managing to slide up and down my length while she was talking to me. She brought a hand to my mouth and pushed her fingers between my lips, sliding three in and out. “Yeah baby, just like that. She’s sucking him just like that.” I couldn’t resist the temptation and started sucking her fingers like I would a cock. It was enough to distract me and I felt my ass relax totally.

“Watch this.” You crooned. I knew what you were going to do only moments before you started wiggling your thumb in beside your fingers. I had to almost will myself to totally surrender and then your hand started sliding inside me.

Sharon looked around to catch the sight of your hand disappearing and it broke her concentration. She sat up and turned her upper body to watch. You didn’t try to go any deeper, but your fingers started spreading slowly, stretching me open. I heard Steve moan a little. Was he jealous, or just envious?

“Your turn.” You laughed and you started sliding your hand free. Steve stepped up and pulled at my thighs until I could feel his shoulders under my knees. I felt his cock at my ass. I started to clinch at the last minute and felt him pushing the head of his cock inside.

You jumped up and reclaimed you spot on my face, but this time you pushed your ass against my mouth. “We’re going to have a anal finale.” You declared with a laugh. It changed into a moan as I stabbed my tongue up into the little pucker.

I felt Sharon shifting some and then she was impaling her own ass onto my cock just as Steve started sliding into me deeper. I couldn’t even moan, it felt so good. It was so different than having a rubber dildo. Softer yet firmer. There was almost too much sensation. I was getting stuffed with cock while Sharon’s ass engulfed my own in a vise. Your ass cheeks buried my face and I could feel your hand as you started drumming fingers against your clit. I didn’t know who’s fingers they were, but Sharon’s clit was getting stroked too.

I felt Steve’s cock slide deeper and deeper. I swear I could almost feel the veins on his length; it was so tight. Soon there was the feel of his balls against my ass. He was all the way in. He started pulling out almost as soon as he reached bottom.

We all found a tempo this time that was filled with a sense of urgency beyond anything else we had experienced. I knew that I wasn’t going to last long at all, but damn I wanted that cock to pound me harder. I knew then the frustration that surely you must have felt from time to time. I started thrusting back harder to encourage him to go faster. He didn’t need much. 

He grabbed my legs and started pounding into me more and more. I was so lost in everything that I didn’t know who was doing what and I didn’t care. We had become a huge fuck machine and I was at the bottom of the food chain. Sharon started moaning first and I could only guess that the two of you were working each other over from the waist up.

I started moaning up into you, my efforts there almost forgotten. All I could feel was the largest orgasm building inside me and it was consuming me. I felt my balls swell and then my cock. I was so wrapped up in it; I didn’t feel anyone else. I was all cock and cum.

With a roar, I started shooting my cum up into Sharon’s ass. I felt the cock in my ass then. I had clinched down hard as I was coming and all it served to do was intensify the eruption from my balls a hundred times over. I almost threw both Sharon and you from on top of me; I was arching so high.

I screamed again and to this day I swear I blacked out. 

I woke to find you and Sharon both laying on the bench next to me, rubbing my chest and each other. Steve was leaning over Sharon, brushing the hair from her face and kissing her softly.

“Good thing this club is open only one weekend a month. Cumming like this any more often would kill all the members.” I moaned. Laugher rolled across the sauna.