 I delicately sip my cosmo and survey the sumptuous room. It's teeming with the incredibly rich and the incredibly dull. I try to entertain myself by imagining how their faces look when they're using the bathroom. There's a breath on the back of my neck. 

"Whatcha thinking about?"

I turn my head and give Amir a kiss. He looks like he was born to wear a tuxedo. I toss back the rest of my drink and he hands me a fresh cocktail.

"I was thinking that I shouldn't have left my guillotine at home."

"You have a guillotine? That's adorable."

"Adorable? Don't you patronize me, male aggressor."

"You're so sexy when you go all radical feminist."

Amir takes my hand, spins me around, and pulls me in for a kiss. I hold his face in my hands. He's wearing a new cologne. 

"I get it. I feel like everyone here can see through me." He kisses my hand. "But my boss just left, we can go whenever we want."

"I feel guilty saying this because I hate everybody and I don't want to tacitly approve their shitiness, but I'm having a great time. I feel like I'm in a BBC miniseries about some obscure duchess."

"That's weirdly specific."

"You were gone awhile." 

Amir offers his arm and I take it. He puts his hand on mine. 

"Let's do a lap," he says. "I want to show you off."

"I do look pretty amazing."

"Yes, you do. You should never stop wearing that dress."

"It's gotta come off eventually."

We stroll the ballroom arm-in-arm, people-watching and discreetly gossiping about the other guests. I snag a couple servings of caviar from a passing waiter. A regal woman in a peridot necklace plays Chopin on a sleek black piano. Amir raises an eyebrow at me.

"Shall we dance?"

I trace my finger along the edge of his lapel.

"I'd rather be doing something else. You're giving off some serious James Bond vibes."

"I know where we can go..."

We sneak upstairs and duck into the dark coatroom. Amir rubs the smooth fabric of my silver minidress between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Natalia." He touches my chin. "You look so beautiful tonight."

I gently brush my lips against his.

"I'm not beautiful every night?"

"You are. Tonight you're stunning."

"You too, babe."

We kiss in the darkness as the party goes on downstairs. I sit on the edge of the four poster bed and spread my legs. Amir kneels down between my thighs. He slips my underwear off. I run my fingers through his hair and push his head under my skirt.

Amir kisses the inside of my thighs. His beard tickles and stimulates the sensitive skin. I lean back on my palms. He presses hard on my crotch and licks my vagina. I softly moan.

"Mmmm... right there..."

A woman in a wine-colored mermaid gown starts to pass the room but pauses when she sees us. She leans against the doorframe and crosses her arms with a knowing smirk. The rich velvet hugs every curve. I glance at her before turning my attention back to Amir.

She watches silently while Amir circles his tongue inside me. I tip my head back, hook my knees over his shoulders, and let my legs hang down his back. I move my hips closer to him. The rug makes whooshing sounds underneath him as he moves. 

The mattress dips under new weight. I pivot my head. The woman is sitting beside me. She brushes the hair out of my face and kisses me. I kiss her back. Amir doesn't seem to notice. 

She carefully moves behind me and pulls down the wide straps of my dress. She fondles my bare breasts and licks my neck while Amir pleasures me. I reach back with both arms and hold her close. Her dress is soft and plush. 

Amir gets up and wipes the shine off his face. He kisses me first. Hard. He kisses the woman. She pulls him by his shirt. I help him out of his jacket while he rubs his face in her décolletage.

The three of us lie on top of the thick blanket of coats and jackets and enjoy each other's bodies. Amir and I focus our attention on the other woman. We've been monogamous our entire relationship, but I've thought about what it would be like to explore. Amir presses against her back and sucks and bites her earlobes while I tease her clitoris. 

I hear someone loudly and dramatically clear their throat. An older man yanks his overcoat from underneath us and huffs out the door. The party sounds like it's winding down.

"There's a bathroom in here," the woman says.

Amir and I look at each other and smile.

"Let's do it," I say.

The woman strides elegantly toward a door at the back of the room. I shimmy out of my dress and follow in nothing but my heels. Amir slaps my ass as I get up. 

I recline in the porcelain clawfoot tub with my legs crossed at the ankles. Amir locks the door. The woman pops her hip and turns her back to him.

"Unzip me?"

"Gladly."

He attentively helps her out of the heavy gown, and she lays it out on the marble counter. We both stare at her ass while she maneuvers the garment.

"I think you're still wearing too many clothes," he says.

The woman strokes his chest.

"Take them off."

Amir unhooks her strapless bra, and her breasts drop with a bounce. He kisses and sucks them as he gets down on his knees. He places his hands on the bottom of her ass and kisses her vulva through her thong. I touch myself while I watch. 

He pulls her underwear down with his teeth and casts it to the side. She shoots me a wicked smile as my husband burrows into her pussy. I start to finger myself.

The woman pushes Amir's head away and climbs into the bathtub with me. She keeps her shoes on, too. We passionately kiss and grind against each other while he undresses. He sits on the closed toilet and observes for a while before he gets in.

The three of us writhe and grope and suck in the cold, cramped space. I can barely tell whose hand is whose. Amir fucks her from behind, and the woman and I rub our bodies together in tandem. We can hear people filtering in and out of the main room, but we don't care. Amir climaxes first, then the woman, then me.

We lie together in a sweaty, contented mess. Amir reaches over the woman to hold both of us at the same time. The house is quiet.

"What now?" I say.

The woman reaches forward and turns the faucet on. Hot water splashes over our bodies.

"I think we could use a bath."

"We should get out of here," Amir says. "I think the party's over."

"Don't worry about that," the woman says. "It's my house."

I prop myself up and look at her with interest.

"This is your house? I'm sure we can find someplace more interesting to go next..."

She laughs and seizes me by the back of the neck. She licks my lips. I melt. 

"I think you're right."