 Ever since my wife Alison and I set up a situation where I could watch her giving oral sex to my best friend our sex life has vastly improved. Even though in the heat of the moment she got carried away and ended up having full sex, I couldn't hold it against her as I was so turned on seeing her getting fucked.

During our love making we re-enact the scene and have actually started to embellish on it. We fantasise that she is sucking a stranger's cock while I take her doggy style, and she uses her vibrator as a prop, sucking it sexily and telling me how much she loves more than one cock inside her.

We had been discussing whether we would really like to go ahead and act on our fantasy when we booked to go on a short break to Amsterdam. We agreed that this would be the ideal opportunity as the likelihood of seeing anyone we know would be very slim. 

We were lucky in that the weather over the long Bank holiday was very pleasant, and once in Amsterdam we made full advantage of it and had a lovely Saturday strolling around its beautiful parks and walking along the canals.

In the evening we made our way back to our hotel where we showered and got dressed for our night out. Alison looked stunning in a short new dress, a light shade of apple green. Because of the thin straps that wouldn't hide her bra she opted to go without, but being a very firm C-cup she doesn't need to wear one anyway.

We ate at an Italian restaurant where we could sit outside and watch the people go by as we enjoyed our meal. A couple of bottles of Rioja with our food followed by a large Amaretto each had Alison a little tipsy. She leant close to me and told me to look under the table. As I leant back and raised the table cloth Alison parted her long, slender legs. She was panty less. Her neatly trimmed pussy was exposed for me, and I could see it was a little moist.

"I want to try it tonight, she said to me. I want us to have our first threesome."

I quickly settled the bill and as we left I pulled her into a phone booth. My hand went under her dress and straight to her pussy, my fingers finding her engorged clit. She was so hot down there, it took just a few minutes before she was coming all over my fingers. After she regained her composure she took my fingers into her mouth and sucked her juices from them.

We had already discussed how we would go about finding a partner. The plan was simple, we would go to a live sex show in the Red light district where there would be plenty of horny guys, and we would choose one together who we thought would be suitable.

I paid the entrance fee and we made our way down into the club. It wasn't as seedy as I expected, but you wouldn't call it classy. We found a table in a booth near a wall at the back, away from the stage. A waiter approached us and took our drinks order, a beer for me and a large G&T for Alison. The club was fairly crowded, and as we got used to the dim lights we scanned the tables for a suitable candidate. I was surprised to see so many women in there, I had wrongly assumed it would be all men.

"How about him," I said while pointing to a guy sat near the front.

"No, too young, she replied, but he's quite tasty," she said, motioning to a guy at a table to our right. 

I glanced over. Similar height to me, blond hair, casually dressed. He noticed us looking and smiled in our direction. Just as I was thinking of inviting him to our table he was joined by a woman, I assumed returning from the toilet.

"Pity," Alison said.

Just then a light came on over a bed on the stage, the show was about to begin. The rest of the lights dimmed further as a couple came out from behind a curtain at the rear of the stage. They began to undress each other. She was a thin blonde with large, obviously fake breasts. He was about 5' 10," shaved head with a good body, his cock already erect.

She reached out and took his cock in her hand and began to wank it slowly. 

I didn't want to miss the show but I was desperate to use the loo. Better to go now and miss the foreplay than wait and miss the hard action later I decided. As I stood at the urinal I heard the door open behind me, and the guy from the table to our right came and stood beside me.

"Hi," he said.

"Alright mate? I replied, are you and your wife enjoying the show?"

"My wife?"

"The woman you are with, is she not your wife?"

"Oh no, she works here, he said in a Dutch accent, I use her sometimes."

I suddenly realised what he meant, she was a hooker.

"So are you using her tonight?" I asked.

"No, I am just here for the show tonight."

"This may seem a little strange, but how would you like to join me and my wife at our table?"

"I don't know, wouldn't your wife feel uncomfortable watching a live sex show in front of a stranger, it does get very erotic," he replied.

"Can I be honest with you?"

"Of course," he said.

"My wife and I are here looking for a partner to join us for the evening, she finds you attractive and would like you to be that person."

"How do you mean partner?"

"To join us in our hotel room," I explained.

"I'm sorry, but I am not bi-sexual," he replied.

"That's okay, neither am I. My wife wants to know how it feels to have two men at once."

When he heard this a big grin appeared on his face. As we washed and dried our hands he turned to me and said,

"Yes, I would very much like to join you both."

We made our way back to find Alison sat in between two men at our table. They looked up at us as we approached, and Alison smiled at me, a slightly drunken expression on her face. She was half way through her second G&T. She introduced me to her new friends, a couple of English lads called Tom and Mark who were on a sex tour of Amsterdam. I in turn introduced Alison to Clyde, who pulled up a chair and joined us. I slid in and sat next to Tom. There was a bit of an uncomfortable silence until Mark said,

"Look at that, wouldn't mind doing a bit of that tonight."

We all turned to look at the stage. The couple were now in a 69, with the woman on top greedily sucking her partners cock as he licked around her arse. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Tom and Mark eyeing up my wife, it was obvious they thought they were in with a chance until I returned to spoil their fun. I leaned over to Alison and told her that Clyde was interested in joining us back at our hotel.

"But I thought he was with his wife, and you were gone so long I have already asked Tom and Mark to come back for drinks."

So that's why they were leering at her, they didn't think they had a chance, they already knew she was a sure thing.

"Darrel, you can still bring Clyde along, see what happens, she said, he is very cute."

This wasn't what I had in mind, the idea of seeing her with another guys cock in her mouth as I fucked her was such a turn on, but the thought of her being gang banged I wasn't so sure about.

"I'm not sure that's a good idea babe," I said.

"Why not, we don't have to do anything, just see how things turn out after a few drinks," she said.

I glanced back up to the bed on the stage, the woman was now sat astride the guys cock with her back to the audience so we could see his thick cock spreading her shaved pussy as she fucked him. His cock was wet with her juices and glistened under the spotlight. I felt my own cock begin to stiffen and noticed Alison's nipples were pushing against the thin material of her dress. This wasn't wasted on the guests at our table, and I noticed Mark had his hand on my wife's thigh.

The action on the stage had changed to where the guy was now kneeling behind the girl, who was on her hands and knees, her large breasts swaying as he ploughed his large cock into her.

I began to think about it. Maybe it was the effects of the alcohol or maybe the fact that I was watching a woman getting fucked hard from behind but I started to imagine Alison with these three men. I could picture her in my mind as she knelt down before them, taking it in turns to suck their cocks before they took it in turns to fuck her. My god, my cock was throbbing in my pants and I felt a dribble of pre cum escaping from the tip.

I leant over to her again and said,

"Okay, if you're sure you want to do this, I'm up for it."

"I have never wanted anything so much," she said.

"Your 100% sure?" I asked again.

"Shall I prove it to you?" she asked.

"How?" I enquired.

With that she took hold of her dress and began to move it up her slender legs, ever so slowly exposing more of her thighs until she got to her pussy. Our new friends were sat staring at her as she parted her legs and slid a finger down between the folds of her wet pussy. She stroked her moist lips before sliding a finger inside herself, and then brought it out and up to her clit. She used two fingers, one either side of her clit as she rubbed in circles around it.

"I want my nipples sucking," she moaned.

I looked up at Tom and Mark and said,"Go ahead guys."

They each took a strap and slid them down her shoulders before lowering the front of her dress. Her nipples were hard, and they both bent down to take one each into their mouths. I was about to turn to Clyde when I felt movement under the table. I looked underneath to see him on his hands and knees in front of Alison's parted thighs. He pushed them further apart and then flicked his tongue out to my wife's pussy. She used her fingers to move the hood on her clit, giving him unobstructed access.

I watched as Alison closed her eyes as she was pleasured. The look of pure lust on her face made me realise just how much I was glad to have agreed to this. Her breasts began to rise and she was panting, a faint moan coming from her lips. The guys carried on licking and sucking her nipples. 

"Oh yesssss, that's it, don't stop," she moaned.

Her hands dropped to the legs of the guys at her side and began to move to their crotches. She began to rub their cocks through their trousers.

"Give me your cocks," she moaned.

They both reached down to expose their erect cocks, both about six inches long. I was glad to see they were a little smaller than my seven inches as I didn't want her getting used to something too big! She wrapped her fingers around them both and began to stroke them as they resumed their sucking of her nipples. Clyde was still lapping away at her pussy, her juices smeared all over his mouth and chin.

Thankfully the room was pretty dark and people were too intent on watching the floor show to see what was going on in our booth. I was so turned on by now I had to give myself some release, so I unzipped my jeans and took my throbbing cock in my hand. I had been leaking pre-cum and used it to lubricate my cock as I heard Alison moaning,

"Mmmmmm that's it...I'm cumming...ooohhhhhh..."

As she came all over Clyde's face Tom began to shoot his cum all over her, landing in a pool on her dress. Clyde pushed the table back so he could kneel between her spread legs, and after dropping his pants he pushed his erect cock into my wife in one hard thrust. Her eyes flew open at the sudden intrusion.

"Oh... My...God..." she groaned.

She looked over at me and said,

"He's so big..."

Mark suddenly stood up on the seat at the other side of Alison and aimed his cock at her face.

"I need to cum...suck it for me...I want to cum in your mouth..."

She reached out and took his cock in her hand, and just as she opened her mouth to suck him he lost it. The first spurt hit her full in the face, arcing up from her nose to her hair. She just managed to get him to her lips as he began to pump the rest of his cum into her open mouth and she wanked him to get every drop. All the time Clyde was thrusting his cock into my wife's cunt, working up a sweat as he pounded hard into her.

I could feel the cum beginning to rise in my cock, this was more of a turn on than I ever imagined. I pushed Tom out of the way so I could get to my wife. She turned towards me, a smile on her lips and cum on her face. I pushed my cock into her mouth and began to fuck her face. It only took me a few thrusts before I flooded her mouth with my hot, salty cum.

As she swallowed my load Clyde began to pump his spunk into her cunt, thrusting all his ten inches deep into her. I collapsed onto the seat by her side and watched as he pulled his thick cock from her red, swollen pussy. A large, white river of cum dripped from her used hole onto the floor. I looked up at her. She was dripping in sweat and cum, but had a contented look on her face.

"Thank you," she said.

"I loved it, and I love you," I replied.

She pulled her dress up to cover her breasts and pushed the hem of her dress down, then stood up. 

"I need to go to the ladies to clean up," she said.

We all watched as she walked away.

To be continued...