 Wednesday came around three days later. By then Jesse’s ass and I were thoroughly acquainted. She didn’t come back the first day, but on Tuesday she was flirting with me in class again and her eyes had that twinkle back.

Sure enough, she said she’d thought it over and she loved the lack of control when I was in charge. She came in back again and we fucked until we were trembling with exhaustion.

On Wednesday afternoon I waited outside the locker room to meet the softball team. One by one they emerged in tight spandex shorts, which are definitely NOT allowed as part of the uniform. They must have felt it was OK for a practice, and I wasn’t about to complain.

There was Jesse of course, the tall slender redhead. There were her best friends Liz and Becky who also loved to distract me in class, plus about another half dozen athletic, fit, (that is to say sexy) 18 year olds.

Practice went easy. It really wasn’t any different from baseball and the girls were all playing hard.

Afterward the girls all went for the locker room to shower and I waited to lock up, also curious about what Jesse had in mind.

A few minutes later a blonde head poked out from around the door, Liz.

“Mr. J., come quick! Becky fell in the shower!”

I came running, right through the door. I just had time to notice in the back of my mind Liz’s bare flesh and petite body as I ran past and headed for the shower.

There was Becky alright, laying on the shower floor. Her legs were spread wide open revealing her shaven cunt as she leaned back on her elbows. Her eraser size nipples stood up from large firm breasts capped by dark areola. Her hair was soaked back and her tanned body dripped water as she smiled at me and trailed a finger along her pussy lips.

“Hi Mr. J.” she smiled, “Jesse said we should thank you real good for bailing out the team. And anyway, she said your cock was worth it too!”

Now Jesse and Liz entered the room, both naked and wet. Jesse’s tall body and C cup tits complemented nicely by Liz’s tight 5 foot 3 and A cup beauties. The newcomers began undressing me, pulling off my shirt, then my pants and everything else. They worked slowly, rubbing me all over as they went. At least one hand was always squeezing my dick. Becky lay in front of us, masturbating and breathing heavily as she watched.

Soon I was naked, standing with an immense boner between these little beauties. I reached for Liz, who currently had my dick in hand. She only dodged my hand and pulled me toward Becky. “We drew straws. Becky gets it first.”

At this point I was out of my mind and I didn’t care which one got it first, as long as I got in! I leaned over Becky on the chilly tile floor and kissed her playfully on the lips, as I positioned my cock lightly against her hot cunt.

She moaned, and laid her head back. I began to suck on her neck, and she howled as I sank suddenly into her. Becky braced her hands on the floor and thrust back repeatedly onto me. Her wet pussy felt like hot silk enfolding me. She started yelling and encouraging me as I bit her neck and sucked her earlobe. The janitors are used to hearing the kids yelling and raising hell in the locker room, but there could be trouble if any of them heard “Yeah! Fuck this little schoolgirl cunt!”

“Shut up Becky!” Jesse hissed through clenched teeth “You’ll get us busted!”

“I got it”, smiled Liz as she pushed me back from Becky’s neck. She slid herself between and I had a great view of her little pussy with its tiny wisp of blonde hair as she settled it over Becky’s mouth.

“Mmmmmph!” from Becky, smiles from Liz. 

I was in heaven. A very active fucking from the busty beauty under me, and now fondling and sucking the tits of the little cutie in front!

I couldn’t help myself. I put my arms around Liz and began to nibble every sweet inch of teenage flesh I could reach. She clutched my head tight against her pointed little breasts as I rammed faster in and out of Becky’s wet cunt. With a shudder, Becky clamped her muscular legs around me pulling me in. Caught helpless in the throes of her violent orgasm I let loose and blasted her pussy full of cum.

I slowly released Liz, and leaned back on my knees. My softening cock withdrawing from it’s former home. I could see my semen running slowly out of Becky’s pussy in a white stream down the crack of her ass. Liz saw it too, and happily began to slurp it up in a 69 as Becky got her off with her tongue and some hard finger fucking.

Liz’s milky white skin and short cropped blonde hair made an absolutely delicious contrast to Becky’s tan thighs.

I walked to Jesse and took her in my arms. “You planned this?”

“Me and Becky did. But we knew we had to include Liz. You’re made for each other.”

“Oh? Why’s that?”

“Because she’s submissive. She loves being dominated and controlled.”

“Oh really?” My cock was stiffening again at the thought.

Liz, who could hear us, only looked into my eyes and nodded as her tongue stirred my cum in Becky’s pussy.

“And..” Jesse whispered in my ear “She’s never had it in the ass, but she fantasizes about a man making her. That’s why we had to get you two together.”