 It was my second month on the job and the telephone on my desk had rung out one clear bell before I picked it up.

I recited my memorized greeting down the line. 

"Good morning, Tennessee Steel, Mr G's office, my name is Portia, how may I help you?" 

"Portia, hello it's G," came the voice on the other end. "Got some colleagues coming in from interstate a little later today. I need you to book 9 holes at the golf course and lunch at the country club for us. That should pretty much take up my afternoon so could you clear my schedule to make room for that?"

"Sure thing sir" I replied. I knew G preferred me to be less formal with him and to call him by his first name but I quite liked referring to him as 'sir'. It was even more fun when he was fucking me.

"Thanks Portia." continued G "Also, I hope you don't have plans tonight. I'm throwing a bit of last minute shin dig at my place for these guys and I would really like you to be there. I might need you to work your charm to get this deal over the line so dress nice Ok? My place at 7.30 and don't be late." 

The line went dead and I hung up the phone. I made the reservations that G had requested and then started fooling around on the net. I worked hard for my boss and never said no to him when he asked me to appear at various functions or work late so on the odd occasion that he wasn't in the office I usually skived it a bit. I actually preferred it when things were busy, it usually made the day pass faster and it certainly meant it would be a lot more interesting. 

By midday I was feeling pretty bored and so when it came to my lunch break I took the opportunity to disappear for a moment and indulge in some 'me' time. I headed down two flights of stairs to the bathroom on the lower floor. It was the one that never seemed to be occupied and that was just what I was looking for. I entered a cubicle and locked the door. Sitting down on the seat a pulled my skirt and pants down to my ankles (just to fool anyone that might come in) and then gently stroked my inner left thigh. I'd just had my legs waxed and I loved the way they felt, so smooth and soft. I put my head back and let my hand venture further up until I felt my fingers reach my pussy. It, like my legs, was totally smooth. I used to have a tiny triangle there but G had asked me to wax myself completely after the first time he'd been down on me. 

G told me that eating my pussy was his favourite thing in the world and as my fingers explored my moistened lips I imagined it was his tongue that was lightly flicking at my clit. 

My two fingers began working furiously at my box, building up the required friction that would bring me off. I closed my eyes and thought of G's head nestled between my silky thighs, lapping at my pussy. I remembered how his deep moans of pleasure created a sensational humming effect against my clit. 

Faster and faster went my fingers, my breath getting shorter and shorter. Involuntary moans escaped my lips as I felt my orgasm building up inside me. I'd reached the point of no return, even if someone had walked in now I wouldn't be able to hold it off. Suddenly it hit me, my head flung forward, my hand moving like lightening over my pussy. I cried out and clenched my other hand into a fist as I came hard. 

When I'd regained my composure I pulled my skirt up, washed my hands and headed back to the office, my pussy still humming from my lunchtime seeing to. 

-----------------------------------------

By five o'clock I'd seen just about everything that youtube had to offer and was ready for the day to end. I was also looking forward to seeing G. I knew where the boundaries between us lay, even though we occasionally crossed them. I understood that I was just his secretary not his girlfriend but I still enjoyed the way he looked at me and I liked it when he flirted with me in public, enough that he and I understood what was being said but nothing anyone else would pick up on. 

I left work and headed home. During the drive I thought about what I should wear to the party. I wanted to be revealing enough to tease G but didn't want to go too far in case I offended the businessmen I was supposed to impress. I had no idea if they would be religious prudes or not and I didn't want to overstep the mark. I settled on my classic black dress. I always liked the contrast between it and my white complexion. It was cut high enough that it showed off my legs well without going overboard, the front plunged low enough that my tits would be on display enough without falling out. I completed the outfit with black heels but decided against stockings. I wanted to show off my legs tonight, especially while they were so smooth. I also decided on no underwear. Besides the dress being quite figure hugging and not wanting any horrid panty lines I also thought it might tease G a little more if he knew I was completely exposed down there. 

I liked playing little games like this with him, watching him trying to act all cool in front of work colleagues when deep down he was dying to fuck me silly. Another thing I liked to do was to staple little notes to important documents I knew he'd be referring to in meetings. He'd reach for his notes on the company's financial position in the last quarter or something and find a little pink piece of paper attached telling him how much I wanted his cock in my ass, or something equally hot that I knew would fluster him. 

If you think this is just me being a tease then don't worry, G certainly got his own back on me, whether it was making me work back late or demanding I blow him to relieve his tension before a big golf tournament. Not that that was really punishment...

I looked at my bedside clock, 7:15pm. I grabbed my handbag and walked out the door. The air outside felt cool on my uncovered legs and pussy and I felt a tingle of excitement from my naughtiness run through me as my heels click-clacked their way to my car. On the way to G's house I started wondering about what jobs he'd have me doing at the party. Serving drinks? Probably. Being ever so polite to his guests while flirting quietly with the male ones? That was a definite. Adding some class to the proceedings with my British charms as he so liked to say. 

Ten minutes later and I arrived at G's house. I walked up the driveway and rang the front door bell and was quite surprised when G answered himself, I thought he would have had some hired help on a night like this. 

"Portia, welcome, come in. You look gorgeous I must say." said G in his sexy Southern accent. 

"Good evening sir, thank you." I replied. 

G got straight down to business. 

"Listen," he said "a few of these guys have already got stuck into my Scotch, nothing to worry about but just thought I'd warn ya, you know? They might wanna play up. We really need this deal to go through so if you get a pat on the ass or an inappropriate comment I hope you can just roll with it tonight. I'll make it up to you. I'll be keeping an eye on you, so don't worry."

"Not a problem, I totally understand sir." I answered. Then, giving him a wink I lent forward to whisper in his ear. "I think you should know sir, that I'm not wearing any underwear this evening." 

I could see G holding himself back. 

"Portia, not tonight Ok?" came his unexpected reply "You know I wanna see what you're hiding but we gotta get these guys across the line. Professionalism tonight, please." 

I couldn't work out if he was serious or playing a game but knowing how much this deal meant to him I decided to behave. G pressed his hand to the small of my back and gently pushed me toward the living room. I followed his lead and the two us walked over to meet his guests. 

Five men in business suits stood up and turned their heads towards me as we entered the room. A couple swayed a little on their feet, obviously the whiskey was starting to kick in. 

G introduced me. "Gentlemen, may I introduce my personal assistant Miss Willis." 

"Oh, Portia please," I interjected "if you should need anything tonight please don't hesitate to ask."

I'm sure I noticed two of the men exchange a sly smile. 

"Good evening miss, lovely to meet you." the man closest to me said "My name is Hank. These four guys are my business associates. It's sure nice of you to be here with us tonight. As I always say, the company of a beautiful woman always makes these proceedings far more enjoyable."

"Here, here." the other four chanted in unison. 

"Thank you sir," I answered blushing "Very kind of you. Now, would any of you gentlemen like a top up........."

-------------------------------------------------------

The first few hours of the party had passed quickly. I'd only received one light pat on the bum and no lude comments, although plenty of looks. The men had been busy chatting and emptying bottles of scotch and I had been doing my best to keep their glasses full. Now I sat alone in the kitchen enjoying a glass of wine and staying out of the way while the men talked business. I couldn't hear what they were discussing, only the low mumble of their voices from the other room. Even though I couldn't make out the words I could hear that it was G speaking at the moment and I listened intently to the lovely sound his voice made. Suddenly a cheer went up from the other men. "G must have impressed them" I thought to myself. 

I took a sip of wine and felt a little light headed. It was my third glass on an empty stomach. Suddenly the door to the kitchen opened and G walked in. He had the most unusual look on his face, a look I hadn't seen before. He walked up to me and set his drink down on the counter next to me. 

"Portia," he said "remember when you took this job I told you that occasionally I would ask you to do certain things for me and that accepting the job meant you were not aloud to refuse me?"

I nodded. 

"I'm not gonna pussyfoot around here." G continued "those five guys in there have put me in a position that, to be honest, is a little hard for me to bring up with you. Basically they have agreed to sign the contract."

"That's great sir." I butted in

"Please, let me finish. They have agreed to sign the contract if they can have unlimited access to you for the next three hours."

I knew exactly what he meant but I played dumb.

"They have that already sir. I'm happy to give them anything they require." I said.

"I don't think you understand Hon," replied G "they want to fuck you. All of them. In anyway they want for the next three hours. In this situation I don't want to enforce my rules on you. You took the job knowing that there would be times that I would need you for skills other than your typing. But this might be going too far for you. If you say no I will understand. If you agree however, I can promise you that you will see the rewards."

I sipped my wine, a little shocked. But G needed me now and he was right, I had taken this job knowing that I may find myself in this position one day. I gulped back the rest of my glass in one mouthful then looked straight at G. 

"Ok, I'll do it." I said "But I have one condition too. I want you to blindfold me and the blindfold must stay on the whole time. At least that way I can imagine that its just you." 

"Deal." said G. 

He disappeared back into the living room leaving me in the kitchen thinking about what I was about to receive at the hands of these men. I'd had fantasies before about gang bangs but met with the reality it was quite different. I was petrified. But deep down there was a part of me, a wicked part that loved the idea of being a private sex toy to these guys. Although the fear remained, the more I thought about it the more this naughty side of me began to take over. 

A couple of minutes passed before G returned to the kitchen. When he did he was holding a mask in his hand, it was black in the shape of a cat face with little ears and everything. He handed it to me. I looked at it, then at him, then put it on. The mask covered the top half of my face but left everything below the cheekbone exposed. There were no eye holes, I was now going blind. I felt G take my hand and guide me silently towards the living room. I felt us passing through the door and into the next room. The presence of the five others hit me immediately. I knew their eyes were all on me now, looking me up and down, contemplating their first moves. 

G led me into what felt like the middle of the room, then he let go of my hand and stepped back. I was standing there now, completely blind, feeling their eyes on me. 

"So, who's first?" came a voice. 

"I don't care what turn I get as long as I get a piece of that ass." came another. 

I felt a hand run over my bum and my body stiffened at the touch. 

"Jesus, that's a sweet butt." came the voice. "you fellas gotta come get a feel of this."

Suddenly there were more hands touching me, sliding over me and feeling up my ass. The hands soon moved upwards, cupping my breasts and squeezing hard. I flinched but the hands continued. I felt the zipper of my dress being pulled down and the cool air hitting my back. There was nothing subtle about the removing of my clothing. The dress was torn off me and my shoes pulled off all in a matter of seconds. Having worn no underwear I was now standing in the middle of the circle of men completely naked. 

I heard a whistle "Hot damn, look at her. I can't take anymore of this." 

I felt hands press down on my shoulders, forcing me to my knees. I heard flies being undone and then felt a cock hit me hard across the side of my face, THWACK. Then again, THWACK back across my other cheek. 

"Open that pretty mouth for me Portia." I heard a voice say. 

I did as I was told, parting my lips slightly. The head of a cock pushed into my mouth, forcing my lips wider apart. Hands gripped the back of my head and forced it forward, my mouth engulfing the dick until I felt pubic hair against my nose and upper lip. His cock wasn't so big and I could take him all the way into my mouth easily enough.

He held my head against his stomach for a little while, his cock pushed into my mouth to the hilt, then let go of the back of my head. I pulled back sharply and the cock popped from my mouth as I took in a lung full of air. Then just as suddenly it was pushed back in. 

"Suck my cock Portia," came its owners voice "G says you good for it." 

I began slowly bobbing up and down on his cock, occasionally taking it all the way into my mouth and then sticking my tongue out slightly to lick the spot where his cock and balls met. 

I could feel the others standing around watching me suck this guy off and enjoying the show. Then I heard a voice in my ear. It was G. 

"You like this don't you Portia? You love the idea of these guys taking turns with you all night. Show me how much you love it." 

With the cock in my mouth the only way I could respond to G was to suck even harder and faster hoping that he would see by my actions that I was indeed loving it. I began moaning softly as I felt the two hands on my head again and the cock being forced into my mouth harder. I opened my mouth wide and let him fuck my face, my lips buzzing from the friction of his cock. Suddenly I felt him coming, thick spurts of jizz shooting down my throat. He tasted hot and sweet. The cock softened in my mouth and was withdrawn. 

Before I had time to relax my jaw another dick was pushed into my mouth, this one bigger than the last and it's owner quite a bit rougher. He tried forcing it into my mouth before I was quite ready causing me to gag slightly, but rather than stopping he fucked my mouth hard for about twenty seconds before coming down my throat. 

"I'll have some more of you later," I heard him say. I was thankful for that, he had a nice large cock and my pussy was craving some attention right now. 

Someone must have read my thoughts because as a third cock began fucking my mouth I felt a tongue on my clit. It circled around and over it, lightly flicking at the top and then delving into my pussy, tonguing me hungrily. I knew it was G. I raised myself slightly higher on my knees so that he could get his head in and under between my legs from behind. He expertly lapped my cunt, hitting me exactly where he knew I loved it. I could feel myself building up to orgasm and my moaning increased despite the cock pushing into my mouth. Then it hit me, I felt myself drift off for a second as I came and forgot about the blowjob I was giving. The cock in my mouth went off at the same time but because of my own orgasm it was impossible to keep sucking it. It popped out of my mouth and come sprayed across my cheeks and lips.

I felt G slide up between my legs so that I was now straddling him and his cock slid into my pussy. I thought I would come again right then it felt so good. His hands took my hips and started to rock me back and forth on his tool. I could feel someone behind me as well and then their hot breath on my ass. A hand between my shoulder blades pushed me forwards and then gently spread my ass cheeks. As G's cock pushed into my pussy I felt the person behind me start to lick and kiss my bottom, gradually getting closer and closer towards the centre and then finally licking over my asshole. 

My breath escaped me in a long sigh as the mans tongue began to push its way into my bum. I reached back with my hands and pulled my ass cheeks apart as the rimming continued. With G's cock in my pussy and the tongue in my ass it was too much to take and I came again hard, shuddering as I felt G explode inside me as well.

As I came back to earth I felt myself being lifted up off G's cock by two men who then walked me over to the couch. After coming twice in such quick sucession my legs wouldn't quite hold me up on their own. I was bent over one of the arms of the sofa with my ass sticking up in the air. Two hands pulled my cheeks apart roughly and I could hear the squelching sound of lubricant being squeezed out of a tube and then felt the cold substance land directly on my asshole. A finger then began to circle over my tight ring, rubbing the goo into me, then pushed into my ass. It gave way to his finger easily and was soon joined by a second digit. As he worked the two fingers in and out of my anus he began a commentary with his friends. 

"Hey G, how many times you fucked this bitch's ass? Man, she's so tight I feel like she's gonna snap my fingers off."

"I don't think she's gonna have that problem when we're done with her," came a response. 

I heard the men laughing and then the fingers were pulled from my ass. 

"Enough of that, I think she's ready for some dick now." a voice said "What do you say Portia, you ready for the ass fucking of your life?" 

I didn't know if I should respond so I stayed quite. 

SMACK! A hand came down hard on my ass cheek. "I asked you a Goddamn question. Are you ready to be fucked in the ass?!" the voice boomed.

"Ouch, yes sir, I'm ready sir. Please fuck my ass." I timidly replied. 

With that I felt a hand push down on the small of my back and a cock push between my cheeks. I took a sharp intake of breath in preparation of feeling it jam into me but he stopped against my asshole, teasing it out. As I exhaled and relaxed I suddenly felt myself pushed forward as his hot dick was driven into my ass. 

"Ooooooh fuck" I cried as the cock took my bottom by complete surprise. He pushed it all the way in and left it there for a few seconds. I could feel it throbbing inside me, it's heat radiating in my ass, then he began thrusting in and out of me. My sphincter stretched tight around him as he tore into my bum. 

After several minutes of fucking my ass he pulled his cock out of me and I felt his hot come shoot up my back. One down I thought. 

"Remember me?" came a voice from behind me as I felt a larger cock force its way into me. I winced as he fucked me, his cock being thicker than what I was used to. He took hold of my hips and began to slam bang my asshole without mercy. I gripped the couch cushion and clenched my jaw and prayed for him to come. Several minutes later he did, pulling out of my ass and spraying his load all over my soft white cheeks. 
