 Dams crumbling under the pressure of infinite watery battering rams. Caviar spilling over her lithe body with tongues licking it off, like a director's cut of a Marilyn Minter movie. Fire consuming her whole yet leaving her somehow intact, perhaps because of all the water. These were some of the images swirling in her inundated mind as who knew how many men scoured her young body. Not in a "fuck this bitch" way, but in a "give it to her" way, it being pleasure and themselves. Giving their best, not simply their cocks and fluids. As a reciprocal gift, not as a punishment.

Scooter was also on fire. Deep down he wanted it to stop, even though he had helped her start it. He didn't want her to become just another low self-esteem club squeeze, at all. He would intervene if someone got rough, but no one had. He held her hands in one of his and picked Raise your Weapon by Deadmau5 for the next tune of her soundtrack, figuring eight more minutes was enough time before asking her how she was doing. He knew she was special and suspected she was doing just fine. He had fully expected her to refuse the threesome in the hot tub, and she hadn't. When she wanted more in his room after that, he was surprised and impressed. He knew some girls just loved bikers, but this didn't seem to be the case with Alyx. She seemed to love sex, and if bikers were the delivery vehicle for that, that's how she was gonna get it. 

As the song wound down, he lifted an earphone and told her he loved her and asked if she was ok. She told him she loved him too, and she groaned and said: "I want this, play more music." Not thrilled with her answer, he chose to play something long and ambient and walked away briefly, before deciding that was a bad idea and returning to chaperone her and take it like a man. His girlfriend was taking it, after all. After several men had their fill of Alyx, Scooter saw an opportunity as he heard another girl complain about being jealous of her. He untied her and encouraged the other horny young woman to have a seat as he picked up Alyx and whisked her away to respite. It felt like a weight had been lifted, no one could call him selfish or a jealous type after that little foray. She felt like liquid in his arms. He looked down and could make out a faint smile in the darkness, bringing more relief and closure.

"Did I get anyone their wings?" She asked as he carried her.

"Yes, sweetheart."

"Good. I hope they enjoy them."

"Forget about that. I love you Alyx, you are an amazing young woman."

"I love you too, Scooter."

"Chris."

"Ok, Chris."

He carried her to their own tent he had asked a prospect to set up for them earlier, and held her tight, vowing to take better care of this one. To protect her from herself and his brothers, and to try to make her happy. He was getting old enough to want something real in a relationship, and she was perfect. The perfect age, face, and body. She was still innocent, yet as sexy and adventurous as possible as well. She seemed smart but simple and easygoing. He had to take care of her and had a feeling that she could be the one taking care of him someday too. He made a promise to himself to talk this thru when they woke up. He didn't want her to think less of herself or of him. Funny, that just the day before he met her, he had told a friend he would always be single, he had no need for a steady girl in his life. 

Hours later as he heard bikes starting up and tents coming down, he felt his little love bunny nuzzle into his neck and kiss it. "Listen, about last night, are you ok? I want that to be a rare thing, I don't want you to think you are some kind of club property."

"I'm fine Chris. I had fun, I kind of asked for it."

"Nah, you didn't. I pushed you, and I'm sorry." She kissed him, and put her hand on his penis, squeezing it, trying to express to him she was just fine. It sounded like he didn't understand how much she enjoyed being fucked like that. 

"You didn't think that was hot? I wanted to impress you, turn you on."

"You did, Alyx, you definitely did. Did you enjoy it?"

"I really did. I wouldn't have if I didn't know you were right there, watching, making sure I was safe." He kissed her, and they looked each other in the eyes and smiled.

The ride home was uneventful except for a rain shower, during which Alyx got her first taste of stinging rain. Aside from being visibly tired and the dirt on the knees of her jeans, which was there from exactly what her father hoped it wasn't, Alyx looked no worse for wear. She went straight for the bathtub after quickly hugging her mom, dad, and Max. She climbed into bed after she was clean, where it took her two minutes to get "dirty" again while lost in memories of her short Queenhood. Then she slept deeply, safe and sound in her bed with Max. Her mom and dad even took the opportunity to make love, not admitting to each other what they imagined she had been through.

It wasn't long before Scooter showed Alyx his townhouse, where Corin lived. It was in a nicer part of a suburb slightly closer to the city and was considerably well-to-do, both the neighborhood and the home. He employed a maid because Corin wasn't the most domestic of animals, and as we already know Scooter was rarely home. She came three days a week and had almost become a mother figure to Corin, who's mom was well out of the picture and addicted to drugs. Scooter and she had been close once or twice, but things faded because the maid was somewhat straight-laced and considered Scooter too unstable for her. Even though she liked him and Corin, she also liked working for him more than the thought of living with him and his non-structured existence. 

This would end up being like a second home for Alyx, as she and Corin grew closer toward the end of the summer and into the fall. They had a lot in common, love of Scooter being the mainstay. Although Corin had spent a little time at the clubhouse, her dad tried to keep her a safe distance away when possible. He aimed to do the same with Alyx, so the two developing a relationship was a natural progression, a way to keep her close but also at a safe distance from his more seedy life with the club. 

Although it wasn't talked about openly, yes, the DS dealt in weaponry, prostitution, and drugs. All things that Chris vied to keep his two young ladies sheltered from if possible. It was lucrative, but all three things were far from why Scooter had gotten involved. He was there originally for the fun, excitement, and brotherhood he found shortly after returning from a black ops mission in Bosnia. He had been ordered to torture and eventually murder a lovely young girl in an effort to obtain information. When he found out shortly afterward she was the victim of mistaken identity, he requested and was granted an honorable discharge. 

So suffice to say upon returning home from this, his attitude was quite 'devil-may-care' and he welcomed the partying and intensity of the DS with reckless abandon. He made up for lost time he had spent in elite and grueling military training, travel, and combat. Nothing seemed overwhelming to him in the one percent world compared to what he had already experienced. One percent is the name outlaw clubs proudly adopted after the American Motorcycle Association proclaimed ninety-nine percent of motorcyclists were friendly, law-abiding folks. 

All of this information was privy to Alyx after spending a considerable amount of time talking with Corin. Alyx also shared some of her recent experiences with Corin, who pried and pried until successfully breaking her. Becoming hot and bothered during the recounting, Corin proceeded to make a well-received advance on her Dad's stunning girlfriend. They agreed this connection must always remain secret, much to Alyx's relief. 

When Scooter got arrested, Alyx went ballistic on her dad. He wasn't the arresting officer, but she was sure he had something to do with the warrant, and her dad simply told her it wasn't professional for him to disclose information about an investigation. All she knew was it was a RICO charge, which was federal and had something to do with racketeering. She went to the clubhouse for answers but was only told he had very good lawyers and would most likely be freed soon, at least on bail. She sat and drank from their keg for a good while. She didn't belong there really and knew it, but Owl and Hammer felt like she was family so she was welcome. Her presence was fairly precarious. The more she drank, the more knowing glances were shared. Not just between the members, but Alyx as well. Inevitably, she collapsed under the weight of so many men gazing at her longingly and just gave in. 

Before she could even get to her knees, she was overwhelmed by them. The dialogue will paint the picture of how it went down in the clubhouse that night:

"Oh fuck, oh fuck," Alyx said.

"Put the dog out back, get her on the pool table."

"Fuckin' yes, get her naked, she wants this, don't you babe?"

"Keep this slut mouth shut about this and your gonna be just fine, get it bitch? Hang her head off the end of the table."

"Look at those tits! Oh fuck, the prospect is trying to face fuck her first, hehe, get outta the way cub scout, go get some lube."

"Easy! Easy! You'll break her neck!"

"Fuck it, there ya go, oh yeah baby!"

"Gluh gluh gluh ack, ugh, oh fuuu, guys, oggggghhhhhh, AH! Ahhh, AH!"

"Give it to her, c'mon, fuck her in the ass, let's go."

"Get her on the floor, flip her over." Slap, slap, slap, THWACK!

"Ahhh! Oh! Holy fuuuuuck, fuck me!"

"Get it in her mouth, plug that cocksucker up!"

"Someone take my spot, I'm gonna go call some more guys."

"Gluh, gluh, gluh, ooof, ha... harder... give it to me." SMACK! "OW! Oh, fuck yes, aaaahhhhhhh!"

"Hold her still. You like this, slut? You gonna keep your whore mouth shut about this? There ya go, pull her cheeks open."

"Mmmm, gggggggghhhhh, Mmmm, MMHHMMM!"

"All three holes baby! Look at her go! Whose up? Tink, get in there, ugly guys need grade A ass too."

Now, by this point, you may be wondering if Alyx was gonna be ok, and the answer is yes. The talk didn't convey her throwing it back at them, jerking them with her hands, licking with her tongue and spitting with her lips. It didn't show her licking her hand clean after wiping the cum off her face and belly, or how she was rubbing her clit with ferocity when a hand became freed up. She wanted and feared Scooter walking in the room. The rougher they got, the harder she fucked them back. It got intense. 

After several hours and most of the club as well as a few hang arounds had her, she was reduced to a thoughtless pool of lust, sucking and fucking anything put in her mouth or anywhere else without hesitation. Her body being such a perfect female specimen kept them all coming back for seconds. Thirds even, and she took everything they gave like a sponge. Like the captain of the female championship amateur fucking team, because she wasn't getting a dime, but no pro had anything on her. She just kept silent when some of them tried to tell her how much she could make fucking for a living. When she asked to be let in Scooter's apartment, Hammer told her he was staying there but sure. After she showered, he held her in Chris's bed for a good hour, feeling she needed some affection after that, and he was right. 

She walked home with Max. She hugged her Dad and started to cry. 

"Sorry."

"For what honey, you ok?"

"For getting involved with the Demons."

"It's ok hun, as long as you're okay. Some people just need to learn everything first hand. I'm like that too."

"Is Chris going away for a long time?" She was curious but wanted to go back to her innocent life too.

"I don't think so sweetheart, he did a lot admirable classified things for the government it turns out, the judge will recognize that."

She spent a good two weeks breaking all ties with the club but rushed over to Corin's house after a hysterical phone call concerning Scooter's sentence. He was going away for a mandatory year before he would be eligible for parole. Corin was beside herself. There were much larger rival clubs in prison. The DS were known for being a small, feared yet respected club. Corin was scared there would be debts to be paid if he was alone. Alyx tried to calm them both by reminding her that he was smart, well-liked, and well trained in hand to hand combat. She offered to move in with Corin so she wouldn't be alone and it happened the very next day. 

As the year progressed the girls developed quite a love affair. They even seduced their maid at one point on a dare, which ended up being quite hot and heavy in its own right. It had repeat performances, leading right up to the day of Scooters scooting out the big barb-wire gate at the prison straight into Alyx's arms. He looked healthy and fit as ever and had a huge smile as he picked up his woman and spun her in a circle, while Corin and the maid applauded and cried. The club would, of course, have been there if it weren't for his parole condition stipulating that he was not to associate with them. As discussed amongst the ladies beforehand, Alyx performed fellatio on Scooter in the backseat on the way home. They all thought it would be a cute and funny way to blow his mind and re-acquaint him with freedom. 

Perhaps three hours later, after ingesting large amounts of beer, booze, and pot, the girls came clean with Scooter about what had been happening in his apartment over the last six months or so. As his daughter came close to be with the other three, now curled up together in various states of undress, Scooter smiled again much like the night in the tent, delighted at how nice the night was about to become, despite the last year or so away.