 I stopped at the local Starbucks to grab a coffee the morning of the first round of playoff games and was greeted by a lovely girl who handed me my coffee and said "GO STEELER NATION!" when she saw my sweatshirt. She was about 5'6" with short dark hair and big brown eyes. She seemed pretty nicely put together too, long legs, slim waist, nice rack!

I asked her if she was going to watch the game and she said of course. I got a little bold and asked if she was watching alone and again she said she was. I decided to give it a shot and invite her to watch the game with me and to my surprise, she accepted. She said she got off work around 3 and the game started at 4, so I said I'd come pick her up.

I spent the hours before picking her up to clean my place up and get all manner of munchies and drinks to serve. When it got to be around 2:30, I headed out to pick her up. I figured I'd just wait outside for her but after 15 minutes, I was bored and went inside. I saw Gina talking with another girl near the back room entrance.

When she saw me she waved me over and introduced the other girl as Lara. Lara was all of 5' tall if that and she was packing a lot into that small package. She wasn't fat, but she was certainly well endowed and had a set of hips to go with the big boobs she was blessed with. Where Gina looked athletic, Lara looked comfy, like the difference between a muscle car and a Cadillac.

Anyway, Gina asked if it would be OK for Lara to come along as she was a Steelers fan too and had no other plans for the game. I guess the disappointment was evident on my face because Gina leaned into me and whispered that anything that might have happened with the two of us would be that much more fun with Lara involved too!

That comment brightened my mood quite a bit! I was hoping I might have some fun with Gina alone at my place, but now there was the possibility of having even more fun with the 2 of them! Lara winked at me and suggested we get going before one of them got suckered into another shift or something. I was more than happy to hold the door for them on our way out.

After a short ride, we arrived at my place and I showed the ladies inside and took their coats. They both commented on how nice the place was, which was just being nice I'm sure because it was just a simple 1 bedroom apartment.  I had laid out all the snacks, drinks, etc... on the small dining table and arranged the couch so it was easy to reach back and grab anything you might want while watching the game.

Lara asked if I had a blanket or comforter that we could all snuggle up under while watching, so I went to grab one from my bedroom. When I returned, the girls were undressing each other! When they got down to their panties and bras, they stopped and looked over at me. I guess they were waiting for me to follow their lead, so I tossed the blanket on the couch and quickly stripped down to my lucky Steelers boxers.

By this time I was already sporting a full hard on and my boxers were seriously tented. The girls looked at each other and at my crotch and smiled. I may not be the most buff guy in the world, but I do have a solid 9" of cock that always seems to please the ladies I've been with. They sat on the couch and patted the spot between them. I didn't hesitate to sit down and pull the blanket over us.

We got comfortable under the blanket, me with an arm around each girl and them each gently rubbing my chest as the game began. As the game continued, so did the rubbing, only it got progressively lower until they each had a hand on a thigh and were working back up toward my aching cock. I busied myself with rubbing their backs while carefully unhooking bras.

When I felt a hand sliding up the leg of my boxers, I shifted to be able to get my hands on some tits! I was able to get my hands around and grab each girl by a breast. Lara's were heavy and soft, with large nipples, while Gina's were firm and just over a handful with pencil eraser size nipples. In other words, they were both magnificent and I said as much.

As I groped at their breasts, they moved their hands up and soon one was stroking my shaft as the other was massaging my balls. I was beginning to have trouble concentrating on what I was doing as the feelings in my cock began to demand my attention. The girls were rapidly working me toward a good cum and I needed to slow things down.

I shifted around so I was kneeling in front of them on the floor and pulling their nipples while taking turns sucking one or the others tits. As I continued to pay attention to their chests, they each moved a hand to the others crotch and began to rub each others pussies. They had obviously done this before, not that I was complaining.

I helped them both out of their panties and then moved in to taste Gina's pussy. She had a nice little patch of hair above a very pronounced pussy mound with some puffy lips. I nibbled and kissed my way up her inner thigh to her mound and then licked and kissed all around it avoiding the lips or clit until she was squirming and moaning.

When I was sure she was ready, I moved in on her slit. I started with broad strokes of my tongue from the bottom to the top of her mound, being careful to still avoid her pleasure button. I paid a lot of attention to the lips and entrance to her slit and she responded very nicely by having a first orgasm that gave me a good taste of her sweet juices. 

I assaulted her clitoris to keep the orgasm going as long as possible and when she finally had enough and begged me to stop, I moved over to Lara and repeated the process on her. Only once Lara had cum, I got up and guided my raging cock into her tight little slit. Her eyes went wide when she realized just how big I was and how stretched she was as I pushed half my dick in.

Gina looked on in awe as I began to fuck Lara with slow forceful strokes, getting a little deeper with each few strokes until she was taking almost all of my cock and moaning incoherently the whole time. I built up speed until I was plowing her good and fast and she was building to a huge orgasm. When it hit, she screamed and clamped down on my cock so tight I thought I'd turn her inside out if I tried to pull out.

I remained buried as she rode out her orgasm and continued to squeeze me rhythmically as her body lost all control to the feelings. It was quite a sight and I almost lost control and filled her with my cum, but managed to hold out. When her climax began to subside, I slowly pulled out of her and moved over to Gina. She seemed a little nervous at first.

I leaned in and licked her sweet little slit some more before getting in position to fuck her. When I started rubbing the head of my dick up and down her pussy, she actually came again. Not a big one, but an orgasm none the less. I took the opportunity to ease the head into her and flex a bit to let her know I was coming in whether she was ready or not.

As I tried to push into her , I started to realize why she was nervous. I got a couple inches in and had to stop, she was that tight. The look on her face was a mix of pleasure and a little fear. I asked her if she was sure she was ready for this and she hesitantly said she was but I was the first man to be inside her and she hoped I would be gentle.

I promised I would be as gentle as possible and I made her promise to tell me if she didn't want to continue. Once we had that out of the way, I began to fuck her with the tip of my dick until she started to relax and let a bit more in. Within 5-10 minutes I was working almost half of my dick in and out of her at a pretty good pace and she was really responding to being fucked.

After a few minutes of fucking her at a good pace, she had her first cock induced cum and it was a good one. I took advantage of it and forced more of myself into her as she was screaming and thrashing around By the time she started to recover, I had 3/4 of my shaft buried in her sweet pussy. As she came back to reality she felt how deep I was and couldn't believe it. 

I pushed a tiny bit further in and she gasped, then I pulled slowly back until only the head was still inside her before pushing back in slowly until she was taking about as much as Lara had. I stayed that deep for a few seconds before starting a slow steady rhythm in and out of her sweet pussy. I told her she felt absolutely amazing and I could see the pleased look in her eye.

I told the girls that I was close to coming too and Gina immediately said she wanted me to fill her with my cum. I was only too happy to give her what she wanted so I began to really fuck her hard and fast in an effort to get off. It didn't take very long before I was blasting her newly opened pussy with a huge load.

She managed to cum again as I was pulsing and spewing my seed inside her. While she was recovering from her last orgasm I was slowly losing my hard on inside her and being forced out by her squeezing. When I finally slipped out of her, Lara dove right in and began licking my cum from her pussy. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen and caused me to start getting hard again immediately.

Gina moaned as Lara licked and sucked her sensitive pussy trying to get all the cum that I had deposited there. Meanwhile I was getting behind Lara so I could fuck her from behind while she serviced Gina. Her ass was a beautiful heart shape and looked very inviting so I didn't hesitate to move up and slide my newly hard dick right into her warm wet slit. Her moan was like music to my ears.

Her hips were the perfect place to grab hold and really give her a hard deep pounding. and as i built up speed, she couldn't continue to lick Gina because she was too focused on her own pleasure. Gina sat back and watched as I plowed her friends sweet pussy for all I was worth. As I continued to assault Lara's tight slit, I looked Gina in the eye and said that she was next for this ride.

Lara orgasmed pretty quickly and I wasted no time in getting Gina down on her knees next to her friend so I could get back into her tight pussy. So, while Lara lay face down on the sofa recovering, I eased my throbbing shaft back into Gina's inexperienced slit. She was still plenty wet and I glided easily back in until I was almost buried. Her pussy was still very snug and incredibly hot.

Her ass was just as nice as Lara's, just a bit smaller and her hips were a nice fit for my hands too. I used them to pull into me as I built up a strong steady rhythm pumping into her wet cunt. She was really starting to enjoy having her pussy full of cock and was moaning for me to make her cum again. I very much wanted to do just that so I reached around and began rubbing her clit as I continued to fuck her from behind.

She started to really get off on the extra stimulation and soon enough she was coming again and squeezing my cock in a most enjoyable way. I buried myself in her and rode it out, just loving the feeling of her convulsing pussy and the look of her sweet little ass shaking as her muscles tensed. Once her orgasm ran it's course, I moved over and sat on the couch, pulling her with me to a reverse cowgirl position. 

Lara got on her knees in front of us and leaned in so she could lick us both while Gina slowly rode my cock. The combination of Gina's snug slit and Lara's wet tongue was amazing! Gina was obviously enjoying it too as she was moaning and grinding on my lap while I busied myself with reaching around and mauling her wonderful tits. It took a little longer to get there, but her orgasm was just as strong and amazing to see and feel.

Lara lapped at our crotches through Gina's orgasm and when she calmed down and started to move off my raging cock, Lara immediately sucked me into her hot little mouth. I was already close to coming again from all the fucking, so her expert mouth brought me to the edge in no time. I moaned that I was about to cum and she took me from her mouth long enough to tell me to fill her throat with my load. I grabbed her head and fucked her mouth furiously until I was blasting a huge load into her waiting mouth.

She lovingly sucked and licked me until she was sure I had no more cum to give her then she went to Gina and they shared a deep tongue wrestling kiss. As hot as it was, I wasn't ready to get it up again just yet, so I suggested we get back on the couch and relax for a bit and watch the game before we got back to the real fun! We got snacks and drinks and sat back down on the couch, not bothering to cover up. If you've never watched an NFL game bare-ass naked surrounded by equally naked, beautiful women, you don't know what a treat it is.

We sat and watched most of the third quarter before all the sweet skin around me caused me to get hard again. Gina was the first to notice and reach over to start stroking my throbbing cock. I returned the favor, reaching down and playing with her slick little pussy. While we worked on each other, Lara leaned into me, pressing her big soft tits into my arm and began to tell me about she and Gina's "relationship".

It seemed that Gina was abused as a young girl by her then step-dad and she never trusted men after that. She and Lara had been together for a few years and Lara had finally convinced her that not all men were scum and she should give a good hard cock a try. I was the lucky guy she chose to try! Lara said she couldn't be happier with Gina's choice of men as I had already given them both such pleasure!

During Lara's little explanation, Gina had moved so that she could take my throbbing cock into her warm little mouth. It felt wonderful as she lovingly licked and sucked me while Lara looked down and said she hoped this arrangement could continue as she was truly amazed at how well I performed with both of them. It's quite the ego boost to hear a hot chick telling you how well you fucked her and her girlfriend and how much she wants to do it again, all while the girlfriend is sucking your cock!

I managed to tell Lara that I was more than willing to continue seeing them as this was every mans fantasy come true and I'd be foolish to pass it up, besides, they really were both amazingly hot and great to fuck! What guy in his right mind would pass an opportunity like this by? I also told her that the 2 of them were the best sexual partners I had ever had the pleasure of being with, and I wasn't just saying it to make them feel good, this really was the most amazing sex I ever had.