 Chapter 1 - 

Mark: It was Friday afternoon and the good news was that I had just one more repair call to make. The bad news was that it was in the Legal Dept. I guess most guys would think I'm crazy, but every time I go there, the women stare at me and a few even try to hit on me. I guess at one time that would have been a single man's heaven, but today with all the EEOC regulations, it was one of the quickest ways to lose your job. The whole place just made me uncomfortable. 

However, there is one woman up there, named Barbara Taylor, that I think is very hot. Oddly enough she's one of the higher-ups, and not overly friendly... but very professional. She's at least ten years older than me and probably married, but there's just something about her that really gets to me. 

When I got to the receptionist, she told me that the work order was in fact for Barbara Taylor's computer up and pointed toward her office. I felt just a twinge of anxiety... and anticipation. When I got to the door, she was on the phone, but looked up and waved me in. 

Barbara: Oh, damn, I was hoping I'd be finished my report before this computer guy got here. "Listen, Mr. Davis, I think it will be OK. Call me tomorrow and I'll probably know more. OK, OK, sure thing... Right. Bye now!" I said hanging up the phone. Wow, that guy could talk!

"You're here about my new CD Rom, right?" I asked. He nodded and set down his tool bag. Well, at least they sent me the cute one. He was about 6' tall and not ripped, but nicely built. He had short sandy hair, quite a handsome face... and the deepest dark blue eyes! He seemed confident in his work, but almost shy around me... definitely not the God's-gift-to-women type. 

"Listen, this may be a bad time. I've switched to my laptop here, but I've got to finish this report this afternoon and I'm expecting an important call. You think that you can install it quickly?" I asked hopefully. 

"Yeah, probably... let me take a look," he said coming around behind my desk and kneeling down. "Well, your CPU is right under the desk here. I can just pull it out and work on it here, if I wouldn't be bothering you?" he suggested with a shrug. I didn't miss the double meaning, but I think he did, because when I looked right at him and smiled, I detected a slight, but unmistakable blush. 

"Well, I do need to get that darn thing installed," I said, "I'll just scoot over here to the side so I can keep working at the desk... while you put it in. " Oh my, that really got him red. I'm so bad!

Mark: I tried not to react to her comments, because I really wasn't sure how she meant them, but I could feel my face getting red. I avoided her eyes and reached under the desk and slid out the CPU. The cable was long enough so that I could pull it over to the side and work on it while I sat on the carpet and leaned against the desk pedestal. As I was working, I couldn't help but notice her legs. They were very shapely, sheathed in very shear stockings, and tapering down to a pair of stylish, red 3" heels. 

I got right to work and soon had the unit in place. As I was trying to attach some particularly stubborn wiring, I noticed two things: a faint scent of expensive perfume, and the fact that she had crossed her legs and was vibrating her foot nervously as she worked. I continued working on the cable, but her vibrating foot was getting me really annoyed. Then, out of nowhere, I realized that I had this rock hard erection. It was really strange. Her damned wiggling foot was really getting on my nerves, but the more pissed I got, the harder I got. 

Barbara: I was almost finished with my letter, and I was hoping that this guy would finish his work too before Rob called. Rob was a man that I had met on-line. I won't bore you with a long-winded justification how Rob makes my marriage more complete, or makes me appreciate my husband more. He doesn't. Both my husband and I are professionals, work long hours and have rough schedules. I never really noticed how much the passion had drained out of our lives until Rob's words began touching me in places I had forgotten had nerve endings. Of course, my husband couldn't know about him and he lived in another city, so our time on-line, and now our phone calls were very precious-and hopefully very private. 

I was now trying to answer my growing tingle by slowly grinding my “other lips” into my chair... anticipating Rob's call. "Will you be finished there soon?" I asked somewhat impatiently. 

"A few more minutes, Ma'am," he says without looking up. 

Damn, it's almost five and Rob is usually very punctual when it comes to our calls!

Mark: That damn foot of hers is driving me crazy and my cock is so hard it hurts! 

Barbara: (Ring! Ring!) “Damn!” I cursed picking up the phone. “Hello, Barbara Taylor," I answered somewhat annoyed. 

"Is Mrs. Taylor having a bad day?" Rob queried. 

"Hi... no... Oh, Rob... it... it's just been a long day," I answered trying to sound less irritated and a little more in control. 

"Well, are you done yet? Can you play?" he said in that soft, smoldering voice that never fails to get me moist and tingly. 

"Uh... well, listen... I'm just finishing up here, but... " I said,” the computer technician is here with my CD Rom. He's just finishing putting it in. "

"Hmmm... is he now? Then I guess we're not alone... interesting," said Rob in a somewhat amused tone. 

"No, not exactly, but I think... " I stopped in mid-sentence. I felt a strong, firm hand holding my ankle. 'What the hell...?' I thought. I quickly looked down to see the technician's hand holding my leg, but he was still looking down and working with his other hand as if nothing was going on. I felt a strange mix of anger and panic and, for some reason,... excitement. My nipples immediately began to harden and strain against the thin fabric of my bra. I quickly looked through my door out into the office area, thinking maybe somehow someone could see what was happening. Some people were still around, but it was clearing out fast and no one was looking this way. 

"Barbara, are you there... Barbara?" Rob was asking. 

"Y... yes, I'm here," I said, struggling for control as a tingly wave of warmth began to radiate up my leg from his firm grasp. 'Continue typing,' I told myself. 

"Barbara, is anything the matter?" Rob said suddenly concerned. 

"No... nothing... " I answered unconvincingly. Then, I covered my mouth and whispered into the phone, "The computer guy... he's... he's holding my leg!"

"What? You're kidding! Is the bastard hurting you?" he said, his anger rising. 

"No... no.... It's... it's... not... it's OK. I mean, I'm OK... " I stammered. 

Mark: Jesus, I couldn't believe I was doing this!' I must have been crazy! But her vibrating foot was making me crazy. 'Shit, what do I do now?' I thought. I could hear her telling the guy on the phone about it! But, she wasn't moving or trying to get my hand off. Damn, she feels sexy under those sheer hose. I eased my grip a little and caressed her soft warm ankle. Very cautiously, I let my hand explore... 

Barbara: Everything was suddenly very quiet. I felt like I was in a trance or something. I could feel my heart thumping in my chest and I could hear Rob breathing heavily on the other end of the line. Carol, my secretary glanced in at me and waved goodnight. I smiled weakly and waved to her, then I quickly put the phone on my shoulder and began to type. 

"Barbara, what's happening? What's he... doing?" said Rob with an odd mixture of concern and excitement. 

"He's... he's caressing my calf,” I reported quietly, "Squeezing me... gently... stroking me... Rob, what do you think I should... mmm... do?"

"Well, Mrs. Taylor, you're a married woman and a dedicated professional,” Rob said in an odd, almost amused, tone. ”You might consider trying to stop him. " 

"Well... Yes, of course... I should... stop... him," I stammered, "Oh... Rob, he... he's brushing his fingers softly around my knee like you... mmm... you do!"

Mark: She uncrossed her legs making that incredible, soft swishing sound that hose makes when it rubs against itself. I slid over closer to her, and I could smell that incredible perfume again. As my hand left her knee and drifted up under her skirt, she pulled her legs together sandwiching my hand at about mid-thigh. Her warm, soft, nylon-covered thighs pressing against my hand got me very excited. Her leg grip was really sort of half-hearted though, and, as I began caressing her thighs again, I was easily able to slide my hand up to the top of her stocking and feel her warm, baby soft inner thighs. As I searched for the garter clip, she moved her legs together again, but this time it was almost like a caress. When I finally managed to unclip her stocking, I looked up to see her reaction. Her eyes were staring blankly at the computer screen while she bit her lower lip and continued to click away absently at her keyboard. Her breathing was quietly labored and her large nipples were much more prominent through her thin blouse. 

Barbara: "Oh, Rob," I whispered, "He's... he's unclipped my garter and starting to... pull down my hose. " I glanced down to my lap and watched my skirt fabric rising and falling over his busy hand. Just down past my hem, I studied the twitching sinews in his strong forearms as he carefully worked my stocking down... Without thinking, I lifted my leg slightly making his job a little easier. Sliding one stocking over my knee, now the other one... I could feel the cool air between my legs. Then, his rough, strong hand started coming back up between my thighs now... stroking... kneading... teasing me... "Oh, mmmm... R-Rob," I whisper, "His big hand is... between my thighs now... mmm... so hot... I'm trying to squeeze his hand with my thighs, Rob... mmm... he's not stopping!"

"Is he touching your pussy yet?" Rob breathed softly. 

"No.... not yet... " I managed weakly, "His hand is... ohh... mmm... yes... now he... mmmm. " He had made a fist and his knuckles were rubbing against my clit through my wet panties. "Oh... Rob... yes,” I moaned, "He's making me... mmm... so wet... very wet... Darling, what should I do? Mmm... those hands... oh... he's rubbing my wet spot now," I said, opening my legs and sliding down in my chair to give him better access. "Rob... is this... ok? I mean him doing this... making me.... ooooh! Rob... he's stuffing my panties way... mmmm!"

Mark: I was rubbing her hard now and as she spread her legs a little more, I could smell her perfume mixed with her warm pussy musk. Her panty crotch was soaked and as I pushed the fabric deeper between her soft lips, she began to grind her hips against my fist. 

I had to get more of this hot pussy, so I reached into my toolbox with my other hand and searched for my small scissors. She looked down at me now and stopped typing. She had actually been typing up till now! I couldn't see, but I guessed that the office was clearing out and she didn't have to keep up appearances any longer. I showed her the scissors, but she just stared at me with glazed eyes. I took that as a 'Yes. ' I rotated her chair a little more toward me and carefully snipped out her soaked panty crotch. I smiled at her as I deliberately put the crotch fabric in my mouth and noisily sucked the juices from it. 

"You have a delicious little pussy, Ms. Taylor," I said smiling. 

Barbara: "What's going on, Barb?" Rob asked urgently. 

"He cut... cut open my panties... " I said apprehensively, "and he's looking at... me". 

"I heard him say something. " Rob interrupted, "What is he saying?"

"He said my pussy... is delicious... Rob," I said almost robotically, "He's spreading my... oh... his head is under my skirt now... he's... licking me... ooh... higher... Oh, Rob, he's going to... "

"Jesus, Barb, this is so hot... My cock is rock hard!" Rob breathed, "I guess I should be jealous, but God what a turn on!"

"You mean you don't.... oh... oh... he's there... mmmm!" I moaned, "Rob he's licking my... mmmmm... oh, yesss... there... that's... yesss!" I was grinding myself against his face now. I couldn't get enough of that long, fat tongue! I put booth legs over his shoulders and slid further down in the chair, but I still needed more. I grabbed a handful of his hair and jabbed his back hard with my heels. He let out a sharp groan right into my pussy, sending an incredible vibration through my whole body... "Ahhhhh... " I screamed as I went right over the top! "Oooooo... ooh... ooh... nnnnn.... mmmmmm," I was moaning and gasping for breathe as I flooded his face with my hot juices.