 This is my first submission here......hope everyone enjoys. This story is complete fiction but who knows maybe one day I will get lucky.

First let me start by saying I have always been the laid back, go to work everyday, take care of your family kind of man. There has never been that much excitement in my life. I work a pretty mundane office job and lead a comfortable life. I got married at 21. I think there should be a law against that. I have always fantasized about all the naughty things I would do if I ever had the chance to do it all over again. Who am I kidding, I am almost 40 and although not out of shape I'm definitely not a man the ladies flock to.

My life took an unexpected turn one summer while I was attending a seminar for work. This was one of the few breaks I had gotten from family life in some time. The seminar was being held at a beautiful beach resort. I was looking forward to some free time so I arrived a day early to scope out the resort. All the facilities were top notch. 

The first evening I went for a walk on the beach after dinner and while I was walking I saw two of the most beautiful women I had ever seen in my life. One was a stunning blond. She had to be about 5'10" with long tanned legs amazing blue eyes and perfect D cup breasts. Her friend was no slouch either. She had jet black hair and was a little shorter. She looked to be about my height at 5'8". Her eyes were the most amazing green. She had pale skin in comparison to her tanned friend and she had a smile that could light up a room. She also had nice breasts and firm toned legs. I felt like I was going to trip over my tongue as I walked by and they were taking pictures.

Life changed for me with these simple words: 

"Excuse me sir, could you take a picture of us." 

Trying to play it cool I strolled over and smiled at the ladies. 

"Sure, I would love to. Who could turn down such a request from two beautiful ladies."

Wow that was lame. But they smiled just the same. I'm Austin by the way as I took the camera from the blond. 

She smiled, "I am Kris and this is my friend Samantha." 

"Nice to meet you both." 

Kris stood right next to me showing me how to operate her camera and wow did she smell amazing.

The two friends stood close together with the beach in the background. I wanted this moment to last forever but I took a couple of pictures and looked at the display to make sure I had a good shot of them. 

I smiled, "there you go, you could send that one to a modeling agency because you ladies look amazing." 

Kris walked to me and retrieved her camera. 

"Thanks, she smiled resting an arm on my shoulder. Where are you staying?" 

I pointed to the resort and both girls looked at each other and smiled. 

"We are too!" they said in unison.

They insisted on buying me a drink for my kindness and who was I to turn this down. So we went to the poolside bar for a drink. I let the ladies lead the way so I could get a look at their amazing asses. We laughed and talked at the bar as Kris and Samantha began to flirt with each other and me as well. I jokingly asked if their eyesight was OK because they were buying drinks for a man of nearly 40 years. I found out Kris was 25 and Sam as she liked to be called was 22.

I threw caution to the wind and wanted to see how far I could push this flirtation.

"Ladies I am available for a private photo shoot if you need any more pictures." 

They looked at each other and began to smile. 

"Sure why not" said Sam and Kris readily agreed. 

The next thing you know they are both in my private suite on the balcony overlooking the ocean and I am doing my best impersonation as a photographer. Then Kris winks at me and pulls off her low cut blouse and reveals the most amazing set of tanned breasts. I look up from the camera and she smiles, keep taking those pictures. I get back to work and Sam is not to be outdone and she sheds her top and shorts, now standing naked before me. She had just a small dark landing strip above her delicious looking pussy.

Both ladies could see the affect they were having on me. My cock had put a serious strain on my shorts. 

Kris spoke up first, "I want a picture of that pointing to my crotch." 

I had passed the point of no return. I handed her the camera and glanced at Sam, "Maybe your assistant can get me in the proper pose." 

Sam wasted no time and got on her knees and unfastened my shorts and slid them down as I gazed into her hypnotic green eyes. I heard the camera snap away as she eased my boxers down. My excitement was evident when my cock slapped against my stomach. 

"Mmmmmm Kris moaned suck that nice cock Sam." 

Damn I hope this is not a dream I thought to myself. But it was no dream. Sam wrapped her lips around my cock and begin to suck as her petite hand gripped my shaft. She begin to stroke and suck my cock like a pro.

In my newly acquired confidence I looked at Kris. 

"Maybe you should help her and let me get a picture of the two of you having fun."

She took off her shorts and walked to me and handed me the camera as she kneeled to join Sam. She began to lick and suck my balls as Sam continued to bob up and down on my shaft. I managed to take a couple of pictures but quickly tossed the camera in a nearby chair. 

I groaned, "fuck that feels amazing!"

They swapped off and Kris began to suck my cock while Sam devoured my balls. 

"Ladies, I have to warn you I am not used to this kind of stimulation......I'm gonna.....cum soon." 

Kris backed off of my cock and she stroked my wet cock with her hand. Sam licked my balls for a few more seconds and then she began to kiss Kris. Their tongues touched seductively as they looked at me. Kris stroked my cock as Sam cupped my balls. 

"Give it to us," Kris said in such a sexy voice.

I groaned loudly as it was just too much. My cock spurted thick ropes of cum. Cumming harder and longer than I can ever remember. The first rope of cum landed on their joined tongues and by the time I was done their faces and breasts were dripping with cum. They kissed and shared my cum licking it playfully off of each others face and breasts. Sam leaned over and sucked and licked me clean as I felt like I was going to pass out from pleasure. (to be continued......if you deem this worthy)