 My name is Kelly, I’m a 26 year old primary school teacher, and have been married to Rob, for four years. Rob had been working for his new company for a couple of months, when we finally sold our house, and I was able to join him in the four star hotel, that he was living in, while our new home was being built.

The first couple of weeks were fantastic; buying furniture, eating in the superb restaurant, living like a lady of leisure, and then the novelty wore off. Rob stated working longer hours, travelling around Europe, staying away for two or three days at a time, leaving me lonely and bored.

I had just finished eating lunch, when Rob’s boss, Ken entered the bistro. “Kelly! Hi! I thought it was you,” he greeted me, kissing me on both cheeks, then sat down, next to me. I’d been introduced to him, the previous week, and had been mesmerised by his pale blue eyes, and sportsman’s stature. Rob had told me that he had a ‘reputation’ among the female staff, and may have fathered at least two of their babies.

Without stopping for breath, he called the young waitress over and ordered more coffee. When she stood next to him, his hand rested on her bottom, as she leaned forward, to take his order. This wasn’t unusual, as Ken was a jolly, ‘feely-touchy’ type of person; nothing seemed to upset him and he was incredibly self-confident, not surprising, for a 50 year old multi-millionaire.

“How are you enjoying yourself? Is the hotel looking after you? Is Rob looking after you?” He laughed as he winked at me. I told him that it had been great, but with Rob away so much, I was bored and couldn’t wait for my new job to start, the following month. While we drank our coffee, Ken cheered me up, with stories about his life; he had been a lifeguard in Spain, a market trader in London and even a ‘male model’ in Canada. Taking my hand, “I’m going for a swim, will you join me?” He asked. “I haven’t got a swimming costume, with me,” I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head. “I’ll buy you one. Come with me,” and the next that I knew, we were standing in the hotel shop, and he was holding a white bikini in front of me, “This looks like your size,” he grinned. “It might be, but it won’t cover much!” I laughed, as a picked out a more modest one-piece suit. “No! I like this one,” he said as he walked past me, telling the assistant to charge it to the company account. Handing it to me, he told me, “I’ll meet you in the pool.” Then disappeared.

I looked at my reflection in the changing room mirror, “My God! It doesn’t cover much!” I thought to myself. It did look very sexy. My 34C breasts are still firm, but were nearly falling out of the bra, and the briefs were so low and small, they didn’t even cover all of my bushy pubes. 

Self-conscious and embarrassed, I walked towards Ken, who was the only person in the pool. He looked really good, as he leant against the side. His hair was thick and wavy, greying at the sides, and his muscular chest and stomach were covered in tight, curly hair, which was also grey. He waved his hand, beckoning me beside him. “I was right, you look magnificent. Rob is a very lucky man, I will now feel guilty every time I send him away.” 

I blushed as I slid into the cold water, which instantly made my nipples poke through the skimpy material. “Pleased to see me?” He laughed, as he raised his eyebrows. I grinned, as I swam away, doing a very basic breast- stroke. Ken quickly caught up, and chatted to me as we swam.

After five minutes I became tired, so we stopped. I held onto the pool- side, while Ken chided me for being unfit, and tormented me by tickling my sides, and diving between my legs, tugging at my feet. I couldn’t remember the last time that I had laughed so much. “Let’s go in the Jacuzzi,” he said, as he climbed out of the pool. Ken had already started the bubbles, when I approached. The smile on his face told me something was wrong; I looked down, my white bikini had become almost transparent! Not only could he see my pink nipples, but my pubes were also, clearly visible! I looked shocked, and pretended to cover myself with my hands. The effect I was having on him was exciting me. “You don’t need to do that, you look beautiful,” he reassured me, as I sat beside him. His constant chatter and flirting combined with the warm bubbles made me relax, very quickly.

Ken put his arm around my shoulder, and began whispering, how sexy and gorgeous I was, and how much he’d fancied me when he had first met me. Then he kissed and nibbled my ear, it felt wonderful as I closed my eyes, and drifted off to some hot beach in the Caribbean. One of his hands slowly stroked my breast as the other slid over my stomach, then, inside the elastic of my pants. 

I should have stopped him, but I hadn’t had sex for over a week, and he was making my love nest tingle like a honeymooner. Two of his fingers were now rolling around my nipple, while his other hand was tugging at my long pubes.

“Does that feel good?” he whispered, as his large middle finger eased my lips apart, and poked inside my hole. I gasped, and nodded. Quickly he inserted a second finger, and pressed his palm against my clit. Just using his wrist, he built up a rhythm, fingering me and rubbing my clit. It felt so good I had to push my face into his shoulder, to stop myself screaming, when an orgasm tore through me. Ken gently kissed me, when I opened my eyes. “Let’s go in the steam room,” he said, as he guided me up the steps. As we entered, he whispered something to the young assistant, who grinned as we grabbed a couple of towels. “I’ve told him that I’ll give him £20, not to disturb us.” He winked, as he opened the door.

Obviously, it was incredibly hot, but that wasn’t going to stop him. Once inside we began kissing, all tongues and passion. He unclipped my bra, and dropped it to the floor. His tongue and hands ran over my nipples, which made me groan, so he began suckling my little rosebuds. While he was doing this I was pulling his trunks over his hard-on, which was difficult, as it was so big. 

We were now sweating heavily, which made the scene even sexier.” Suck me!” He whispered into my ear. He sat on the bench, as I knelt in front of him. His cock was longer and thicker than my husbands, with a huge pair of hairy balls hanging below. I pulled the foreskin back, and took the knob into my mouth and sucked and licked the tip, forcing my tongue into the tiny hole (I know that this drives men crazy), he was moaning and groaning as I gently twisted my hands around the shaft. I continued doing this for a couple of minutes, then stopped, and kissed the tip, “Let’s make love.” He whispered, as he touched hair. 

I slid my pants off, as I stood up. Revelling in my nakedness, I lay down on our towels and spread my legs for him. He knelt between them and ran his knob up and down my slit, “I don’t want to make love.” I purred, “I want you to fuck me! Fuck me! Put it in! Fuck me!” 

With one thrust, he pushed inside. I gasped and groaned his cock felt wonderful as it filled my fanny. Instinctively I lifted my legs and wrapped them around him. I undulated beneath him, meeting each deep thrust, with an upward arch of my pelvis. Sweat was dripping from both of our bodies as he hammered away, fucking me like a wild animal. 

“Bend over, get on your knees,” he ordered me. His cock came out very easily, as I was incredibly turned on and soaked in sweat. I took up the position that he wanted. My legs were wide apart for easy access. He ran his hands over my buttocks, and breasts, teasing my nipples. Sliding a finger over my bum hole, he made me moan. I heard him laugh out loud. “What do you want? Tell me what you want?” he asked. “Fuck me! Fuck me!” I answered. Rob had always wanted me to talk like this during sex, but I had never been comfortable; now it was natural, it was what I wanted; a good hard fucking.

Ken ran the tip of his cock along my slit, then pulled away, and nudged it against my bum hole. “No! Not there!” I pleaded, but because of the sweat and my state of arousal, his large cock slid in very easily. I let out a primeval grunt. I’d never felt anything like it; the pain wasn’t like I had imagined it would be, my hole was stinging like mad, and my cavity was being stretched beyond belief. After a few seconds, I was enjoying it. Ken was, now, fucking my arse with ease, the sweat acting as a lubricant. I greeted every stroke, with the same sexy grunt. This was absolutely fabulous. “Do you like this?” he asked, “Yes,” I whispered, “I can’t hear you. What did you say?” he laughed, “Yes! Yes! I like it!” I shouted. “What do you like? Tell me again. What do you like!” he continued, his thrusts speeding up, his cock going in deeper, with each thrust. “I love fucking!” I grunted, as I clung onto the wooden seat, “I like being fucked in the arse! I love being fucked in the arse!” I shocked myself, but it was true, I loved being fucked in my tight, virgin arse. With one last push, his body tensed and he emptied his spunk filled balls into my bottom. We remained joined for a few seconds, then he slowly pulled his cock out, making my arse-hole sting again. We both flopped onto the bench, clinging to each other. As we lay together I could feel his spunk running out of my stretched hole onto my thighs. 

Ken kissed me, as we wrapped ourselves in the towels, and went for a shower. We didn’t speak a word.

In the shower my nipples were still rock hard as I soaped my breasts. With the shower beating down onto my private parts, I couldn’t resist masturbating. My fanny was still wet and my clit sticking out like a button.

I rubbed it with my left hand, and slid my other hand, further between my legs, my arse was still stretched and extended, so for the first time in my life I put two fingers in, and finger-fucked my own arse hole while I rubbed my clit. The orgasm was awesome.

When I had dressed, I was surprised to see Ken waiting for me in the bar. He was drinking a beer and had a glass of wine, for me.

Embarrassed at my behaviour with a relative stranger, who was also my husband’s boss; I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. I muttered, “I’m sorry, I’m so very sorry. That must never happen again. You mustn’t let Rob know what I did.” 

Ken took my hand, “As long as you agree to keep seeing me, Rob will never find out. But….” he paused, “ If you don’t, who knows what I would do?” He was smiling, but his eyes told me that the threat was serious.

I hardly slept that night, thinking about Ken. The sex had been better than anything I had ever experienced, during or before my marriage. I wanted more, but knew that I had to end it immediately, but what would happen if he told Rob? 

At about 3 o’clock, the following afternoon, the telephone rang, it was Ken, “Just checking, to see how you are. Is everything okay?” he asked. “Yes, but I must see you, I need to see you.” I stammered, “Okay,” he replied, and put the phone down.

A minute later there was a knock on the door. When I opened it, he was standing there, grinning sheepishly, “Surprise!” then he kissed me firmly on the lips, holding my face in his hands. Kicking the door closed, he began unbuttoning my shirt, stroking my breasts, with his fingers, at the same time. As my shirt was being dropped to the floor, I pleaded, “No, no, we mustn’t, please, no!” My bra had now joined my shirt, and he was sucking my nipples. I was holding his head, pressing it into my breasts, “Stop! Stop! This is wrong!” I was now sighing as I spoke. My skirt was around my ankles, and his hands were squeezing my arse cheeks, and stroking my thighs.

“Get on the bed” he ordered me, as he stood beside the bed, taking his shirt off.

“Take your knickers off,” I slid them demurely down my legs, as he took his shoes and socks off. 

“Open your legs and show me your cunt,” I spread them and parted my lips, as he took down his trousers. “Is it wet?” he asked as he threw his pants onto a chair. His cock was pointing at me, getting harder by the second. I ran my finger along the slit, which made me sigh, I nodded in the affirmative. Ken was now kneeling in front of me, his cock positioned at my entrance, “Is it still wrong?” I nodded my head, “Do you want me to stop?” he smiled. I shook my head, as he pushed his cock in. 

He continued, “Tell me what you want,” “Fuck me! Fuck me! Fill me full of spunk!” I was turning myself on using this dirty language, “Harder, harder, yes, fuck me harder!” He did just that, hammering his hard cock into me, making me tremble, with excitement. My arms where gripping him as tightly as I could muster, I didn’t want this to stop. “Where do you want my spunk?” he whispered in my ear. “What do you mean?” I groaned, as his cock was gliding up and down. Gently, he removed my arms and moved back onto his knees, keeping his cock in place. 

As he roughly groped my breasts, he asked, “Do you want me to fuck your arse, again?” Meekly, I nodded. “Well what do you say? Ask nicely.” He chuckled. For the first time I realised that I was grinning from ear to ear, “Please. Please, Ken, will you fuck me in the arse!” I said as cheekily as possible, “bend over, then,” he told me as he pulled his cock out of my quim. 

I rolled over, and placed two pillows under my tummy, spread my legs a little and braced myself. I felt him drool spit between my cheeks, and cover my tiny hole. This time I would be a lot tighter; I stifled a scream as he pushed his cock in. It was an incredible mixture of pleasure and pain as his large cock pushed into my arse. Eventually I could felt his rough pubes press against my cheeks. His whole 7 inches was inside, and I was moaning and groaning like porn star. “This is what you wanted, isn’t it?” he told me as he started fucking me, gently. “Does Rob know what a dirty bitch his wife is? I bet you don’t let him fuck you in the arse! What would he say if he knew that I was fucking his pretty wife’s arse?” “Don’t tell him! I’ll do anything, for you! Don’t tell him!” I shouted as I frantically rubbed my clit. As I was shouting his body tensed and I felt every ounce of spunk hit the inside walls of my arse, as my own orgasm sent electric shocks to my brain. He collapsed on top of me, and took the opportunity to rub my breasts. His spunk made it easier for him to withdraw. 

We spent the rest of the afternoon and five more afternoons and nights, over the next couple of weeks, fucking and sucking, like two teenagers. Ken made sure that Rob had a lot of foreign visits, leaving me free, for him to satisfy our urges.

During the third week, we where laying together, after a particularly heavy session, when he turned to me and said, “ You once said that you would do anything, to stop me telling Rob, about us,” I looked at him, nodded and smiled. As he was so imaginative, I presumed that he was going to suggest a new position or even a dressing up game, “We have a customer coming over from Belgium, on Friday. He wants the company of a blonde woman.” I looked shocked, “I’ve decided to send you!” “You’ve decided! What do you think I am?” I spat the words out. He held my chin and kissed me; “You will be anything that I want you to be!” and smiled as he kissed me again, “You don’t want little Rob to find out about you, do you? He would have to leave his very well paid job, and, well, could your marriage survive such a scandal? Anyway, I’ll be there, to hold your hand.” He was laughing at me now.

While we got dressed, he gave me £300 for some new clothes, to impress his client, and I had to buy some very expensive underwear ‘just in case’! “Don’t worry about the cost, it’s a legitimate business expense!” he joked, “Spend what you like, as long as you get a receipt!”

When I got over the shock, the idea of being a secret prostitute amused me. During the next two days I spent every penny of his money, buying a sexy red dress and a matching set of silver and black underwear, with some sheer stockings.

On the Friday night, I arrived at the restaurant, as arranged, but instead of only Ken being with the client, Warren, one of his fellow directors was also there, with another Belgian. 

I was surprised to find that the Belgians, Luc and Jean Yves, were both blacks. Luc was much darker than the other one, and was handsome, in a rugged kind of way. The introductions were made, and they all seemed impressed with me, Luc asking me to sit between his partner and himself. I kept looking at Luc, wondering whether it was true, about ‘black men’!

After a wonderful meal, with plenty of wine, Jean Yves suggested going to a Disco, across the road. I danced and flirted with Luc for over an hour, and drank the wildest cocktails imaginable. Dancing so close to him, and knowing what he thought I was, made me very horny. I was looking forward to screwing him, when I got back to his hotel room. At midnight Warren looked at his watch, and rounded everyone up. At the taxi rank, he asked the first driver if he would take five passengers in the cab; at first he refused, then Ken slipped two £20 notes into his hand. Looking at me, the driver said, “the bird will have to sit on somebody’s knee. But I don’t think that will bother her!”

Ken got in the front, as the other three struggled into the back. Although it was a large car, it was difficult for me, as I manoeuvred along the first set of knees, drunkenly stumbling, landing face first in Warren’s lap. Grabbing my tits, he shouted, “She’s ready, drive on!” As he fumbled with my breasts, the hem of my dress was lifted up, around my waist, showing my G-String and suspenders. The Belgians hands were now stroking my stockings and arse. When I didn’t complain, Luc parted my legs, and ran his finger along my crack, pulling my gusset to one side, for a look at my fanny. “I see she is a natural blonde!” He told Ken, as he ran his fingers through my pubes. It was bliss as three sets of hands explored my body. Warren had a hand down the top of my dress and was squeezing my tits, Luc and Jean Yves both had their hands inside my knickers, touching and fingering my fanny. When my eyes met with Ken, he blew me a kiss, and couldn’t hide the grin on his face. 

My G-String was now around my knees, as both Belgians fingered me at the same time. I was squirming with pleasure and discomfort, when the driver announced that we were at the hotel. I looked up to see that he had adjusted his mirror to watch me, on the back seat.

As the men got out of the car, I managed to pull my panties up, and pop my tits back into my bra. In the hotel foyer, I looked at Ken, “What now?” I whispered. He exchanged glances with the others, “Unless anyone has any objections, I think we should all retire to Luc’s room for a night cap.” “But, I thought that you wanted me to..” again I whispered. Kissing me on the cheek, and patting my bottom, he whispered back, “Be patient, you’ll get all the fucking that you need, before the night is out.” 

Once inside the room, Jean Yves went to the mini-bar and started pouring drinks, for everyone. Luc suddenly grabbed me by the waist and clumsily kissed me, then started dancing, holding me very close.

I shot a look at Ken, then at the door; implying that they should leave now. He smiled, and nodded in the direction of the others. 

Shit! He expected me to have sex with all three! My stomach turned, but as I looked around the room, Warren and Jean Yves were already getting undressed. My heart was thumping. It was too late for me to change my mind, and in my drunken state, the idea was beginning to appeal!

As we danced, Luc unzipped my dress; I let it fall to the floor. As he pulled away, I stepped out of it; just wearing my new bra, panties, suspenders and stockings, I approached Jean Yves, who was pulling down his boxers, smiling at me, and pointing to his cock he said, “can I have a blow-job?” I dropped to my knees and began licking his shaft and balls, my pale white hands contrasting with his chocolate colouring. It was about six inches long, and quite fat, with a soft fleshy hood. I ran my tongue up and down the shaft, then covered his knob, with my mouth, blowing and sucking, at the same time. As I sucked him, I gently twisted my hands around the shaft, the way that Ken likes, he was purring like a kitten.
