 The storm had blown for the past two weeks straight, with no sign of letting up. Sarah, Michael and Henry were warm and toasty in the house as they fucked each other constantly. Now the men were sleeping after a night of heavy loving and Sarah was sitting in front of the window looking out at the driving snow. 

She felt a blanket put over her shoulders and a soft kiss on her cheek. Without looking behind her she knew it was Michael who had come up to her. "Henry still asleep?" she asked as he pulled her between his spread legs and she rested her head against his bare chest.

"Yea..." Michael said kissing the top of her head as he wrapped his arms around her. "I think you wore him out last night."

She giggled. "You guys wore me out." 

Sarah had rode Henry's cock hard while Michael slammed into her ass. The first time she wasn't sure she liked it but as time went on she had learned to enjoy having a cock up her pussy and one up her ass. By the time they had laid down to sleep last night, Sarah was so tired that she had collapsed against Henry's chest, falling asleep with him still buried inside her.

Michael laughed to. "Yea well what else are you going to do when you're stuck inside a house while a blizzard blows outside nonstop?"

Sarah sighed. "Will this storm ever end? I'm worried about mom." She buried her face against his chest.

"I know sis. I am to." He kissed her head again then they sat there watching the storm as they held each other wishing it would stop.

When Henry woke up a couple hours later they twins were still watching the storm. "No let up huh?" He asked as he sat up wiping sleep from his eyes.

Sarah looked at him around her brother's arm. "No. I am getting so tired of snow." She pulled herself to her feet keeping the blanket wrapped around her. It wasn't because of modesty, both men had seen her naked but there was a chill in the air. "We're gonna need more wood." She said looking at the dwindling woodpile.

"The pile out back is getting low." Michael said pulling on a pair of jeans and his boots. "I don't know what we're gonna do when its gone."

Henry to was getting dressed. Every morning and night for the past two weeks the men had tramped out in the storm to bring in more wood. "Hope it ends pretty soon." Henry said pulling on his coat. He looked over at Sarah sitting watching the fire. He walked up behind her and dropped a kiss on her head. "Keep that pussy warm sweetheart."

She smiled at him over her shoulder. "I will." Then she watched them as they moved towards the back door before turning back to the fire.

When they entered the shed, Michael turned on the flashlight looking at what was left of the wood. "This is only gonna last us another day or two." He said as he piled wood into Henry's arms.

Henry knew Michael was worried. They were getting low on supplies to. That is where their mother had been going when she disappeared. She had been going grocery shopping. The threesome had shared a can of refried beans cooked on the camp stove and a package of crackers for dinner last night. "We'll make it. Hopefully the weatherman is right this time." He turned to go back to the house while Michael grabbed some wood and followed.

Every morning the weatherman said the storm should blow over the next day. So far he had been wrong and the threesome was really getting tired of his predictions.

They spent the day lost in a world of lust and desire. Michael had stood over the arm of the couch while Sarah sucked his cock and Henry took her from behind. Then the two men had traded places. After that Henry lay down on the floor while Sarah sat on his face. He ate out her pussy while Michael fucked her up the ass. She moaned violently around Henry's hard cock when she leaned down and shoved it into her mouth.

When the men were too tired to fuck her, they would bring her off with their mouths. One was at her pussy, while the other one attacked her breasts. When they fell into exhaustion that night none of them noticed that for the first time in two weeks there was no wind.

It was the silence that woke Sarah the next morning. She was curled up between Henry and Michael their body heat keeping her warm. The first thing she noticed when she opened her eyes was the silence. The wind wasn't coming in drafts down the chimney. 

Moving carefully not to wake the two men, she slipped from between their bodies, added the rest of their wood to the dying fire, and then wrapped a blanket around herself as she walked to the door. She opened it slowly but what she saw made her gasp. The whole outside was a blanket of white. Cars were buried up to their tires in it. The wind had stopped and the bit of snow falling was nothing compared to what they had endured. After two long weeks the storm had finally passed.

She was squealing as she ran back into the house, slamming the door behind her. "It's over, it's finally over."

"What is?" Henry asked sitting up and looking at her through sleepy eyes. It was then he to heard the silence. "The storm is over."

"Yessssssssss..." Sarah cried throwing herself into his arms. Her butt wiggled against his morning hard on.

Henry groaned as he kissed her while lifting her body until he could line up his cock. He slid into her easily then moved slowly within her as he wrapped his arms around her kissing her deeply. Sarah moaned in his mouth as she lifted and dropped her body over him in slow strokes.

The fucking couple didn't see Michael wake up but Sarah figured out he was there, when she was pressed forward against Henry shoving her ass out as Michael slid smoothly into it. She whimpered into Henry's mouth as she was trapped between the two men, both moving slowly in and out of her body.

Henry leaned back on his arms keeping his mouth locked on Sarah's as he thrust harder into her. Sarah bounced on his cock as her brother took her from behind. She loved being sandwiched between the two men as they reamed her holes and made her cum over and over. She felt her orgasm rising fast as the two men started slamming into her. "Fuck me." She screamed tearing her mouth from Henry's. "I'm gonna cum."

Michael gripped her breasts squeezing them as he slammed into her from behind. Henry was thrusting wildly from below as she bounced her body over him. When Michael moved his hands back on her breasts freeing her nipples, Henry locked his mouth on one, whipping his tongue over it as he continued to slam hard into her willing body. 

"Fuck MEEEEEEEEEEE!" Sarah screamed as she came with a violence neither man expected. She tightened her muscles around their moving cocks so tightly that both men suddenly joined her in release. Their cries echoed in the silence.

Afterwards, the three of them bundled up then headed out into the neighborhood to see what damage had been done by the storm. Henry managed to get a hold of the local mechanic who said he could have his car fixed by tomorrow. They stopped at the little convenience store down the street. 

The man in the aftermath of the storm decided to open figuring many people would be hungry. The threesome stocked up on stuff they could cook on the camp stove as well as soda and candy bars. They also bought some wood from the man next door. Then they headed back to the house to wait until the next day when Henry would take them to their mother.

Veronica and Robin were sitting at the table drinking hot chocolate when they heard the car in the driveway. They had just spent the last 2 hours bringing each other to mind blowing orgasms as they 69ed. Veronica's pussy was almost healed. There was only a bit of pain when Robin slid her finger into her. Her ribs were healing nicely according to the doctor and figured she could have the bandages off in a couple of weeks.

Veronica stood up when the door opened revealing three people. Henry she recognized. She didn't recognize the two people with him. The girl was petite and about her height with her hair and eyes. The man was tall with dark hair. His face was covered with at least 2 weeks growth of mustache and beard. "Mamma?" The girl said softly as tears filled her eyes. 

Veronica could see that it was Henry's hand on the girl's shoulder that kept her from running to her. "Your mamma is probably still sore sweetheart." Henry said kissing the girl on the cheek before moving over to Robin and taking her in his arms.

The three visitors stood staring at each other. Veronica in her robe, Sarah and Michael dressed for the weather. Both children had tears in their eyes as they looked at her and they kept calling her mamma. Veronica looked at Henry and Robin watching them then turned back to her children. She licked her dry lips. "I'm sorry. I don't remember you."

The girl broke down in hard sobs as her brother held her shaking body in his arms. He to had silent tears running down his cheeks. "How can you not remember us mom?" He asked as his voice cracked. "We're your children."

Veronica turned away from them. She sat back at the table with her head in her hands. "I don't remember...I don't remember..." She sobbed as she heard her little girl cry. 

She closed her eyes as a memory flashed into her mind. Sarah crying because she had fallen off her bike and scraped her knee. Her big brother Michael had brought the crying girl into the house in his arms. Even though they were twins, Michael had always been big for his age. He was like his dad, Mike who Michael had been named after was big to. 

Michael had set his crying sister on the couch while Veronica wiped away her tears and kissed her cheek. "Oh this is nothing." She heard herself say in her mind in a singsong voice. "You're alright little girl. Mommy will make it all better." She had put some antiseptic spray on it, covered it with a band-aid then kissed it. "There. All better." She had said in that same singsong voice the children liked so well. 

Sarah had thrown herself into her mother's arms as she kissed her cheek. "All better." She said in her five-year-old voice.

More images and memories flew through her mind. A birthday party, the kid's first car, their graduation. Then she saw three men in ski masks. She had just come out of the grocery store with groceries getting ready to head home when three men had dragged her into a van. She had been raped repeatedly while the van sped up into the mountains. She had finally managed to get away by hitting one of the men with her purse. She had gotten out of the moving van but hit her head on a rock when she fell.

She lifted her head to look at her children. Sarah had stopped crying but was looking at her while she rested her head on Michael's shoulder. "I remember." She said softly. "Oh god. I remember."

The children smiled at each other then crying ran into their mothers waiting arms.

Robin and Henry stood at the table watching the crying family as they were reunited. No one knew that Michael and Sarah had sex together while they were alone at the house but they and Henry and they knew the big man would never tell their secret. Did the family fun continue when they went home? I'll leave that up to you to decide. 

I will tell you this though. As Veronica hugged her children she knew that even though they still had a long wait until spring, her long cold winter was over.

THE END