 NOTE: This is written in a first person style, if you are a woman reading this just imagine you are the subject of the passion, if you are a guy, pretend you're me.

The Concert

It was by pure chance that I was in Rapid City that night, and this band was in town. I heard about it on the radio, they said there were still a few tickets available. It was my favourite band so of course I went straight to the Floyd Fitzgerald Stadium and bought a ticket. Going to a concert alone isn't much fun but, this was my favourite band. 

The concert started at 7:30, so I got a hotel room, showered and shaved, then put on a pair of faded jeans and a t-shirt. I grabbed a quick bite at Denny's and headed over for the concert. People were already lined up to get in. It was a chilly evening and I was only wearing a t-shirt but I braved the cold for 20 minutes before they finally opened the doors. By the time I got in, the floor was already packed. I was standing up against the back, just in front of the first row of seats.

The lights eventually dimmed and the first act came on, some local metal band. I didn't really listen to them, I spent the whole time trying to push my way up front, squeezing between some and shoving others, with everyone pushing and shoving me back. It seemed like I would take two steps forward and then get pushed two back. That was when I was pushed right up against you.

You had on a short tight mini skirt and a halter top, both black. Your long blonde hair flowed down your back as you swayed with the crowd. You were holding your spot, not moving for anything. People kept pushing harder against me, and you were pushing harder back into me. I could feel your ass bump up against my crotch, and I could smell your hair, it smelled like a spring flower garden. I was getting a little aroused, and you couldn't help but feel me getting hard against your ass. 

You shifted slightly so that my erection slipped comfortably between your checks. I still wasn't sure if you had done it on purpose or if you had just moved with the crowd. But then you started to rub up and down and side to side messaging my hardening cock.

I leaned forward and moved your hair away from your neck. I gently kissed the sweat off the nape, just to see if I was going to get slapped or if you were feeling as horny as I was. You didn't try to stop me, and even over the music I could hear a gentle moan as I reached around and pressed against your crotch, trying to push you in even harder against me. You reacted by sliding your ass up and down dry humping my cock and reaching around pushing my ass in towards you. I gave your neck a playful bite.

I slipped the other hand up to your breast, gently squeezing and caressing it through your tank top. I could tell by the way it moved that there was no bra underneath, your beautiful firm breast in my hand was like putty, I squeezed and shaped it, gently and then hard, holding your long hard nipple through the cloth and between my fingers. You turned your head towards me reaching out your tongue, I reached forward with mine to touch it, they darted over and under each other. We did not say a word you just made love to me with your eyes, in the solitude of the massive crowd.

You turned around and looked at me, then pushed my hand up under your skirt. I glided it up your inner thigh towards the heat. Before I got there I could feel the sweat dripping from your wet pussy. You spread your legs a little as I got closer. You put your lips against mine and forced your tongue between them, I met it with mine and chased it back out. Still running my hand up slowly, waiting to find your panty line. I never found it, what I found was a very hot very wet and very smooth pussy. I delicately slipped my middle finger in. You shuttered slightly then I pulled it out slowly, running it up your labia until I found your swollen clit. I ran my middle finger up and down it, sometimes letting it slip between it and my forefinger, then I would run my hand down letting those fingers penetrate your pussy while my palm caressed your clit. You pushed your hand up against my pants, and rubbed my very hard cock through my jeans. Then you undid my fly and let your hand in. There was a roar of the crowd as I groaned in ecstasy. You wrapped your hand around my cock and rubbed it up and down, pulling my foreskin off the head and letting your finger gently graze the top of it. 

You hiked up the front of your skirt and pulled out my cock, sliding it along the length of your pussy. I could feel your juices running, dripping onto my shaft as it rubbed between, your lips, the head bumping over your clit then back out again.

"I need that big cock inside me now." You whispered in my ear. You pulled your skirt down as I struggled to get my big thick hard erection back into my pants. "I know just the place." You looked at me longingly and kissed me hard, adjusted your skirt and then grabbed my hand.

It was much easier getting out of the crowd then getting in. Every once in a while you would stop, turn around and kiss me, then throw your hair back and go again. We got out of the floor area. It was quiet. We turned left and walked by all the entrance doors; both of us were trying not to run. There was a door that led to a flight of stairs, you opened it and we went in.

You threw me up against the wall and kissed me. I grabbed your ass and pulled you in, trying to make us one solid piece of passion. Then you pulled away and ran up the stairs. I chased after you. You stopped and looked back at me from the landing letting me almost catch you, then you went again.

In a quiet hallway at the top of the stairs there was a set of bathrooms. "How do you know about this place?" I asked

"My ex used to be a security guard here," You said, "no one ever uses these, most people don't know they're even here. Wait, I'll make sure the coast is clear." 

You went inside the ladies room then came out and yanked me in. I kissed you hard and pushed you backwards into one of the oversized stalls. I pulled your top off, freeing your firm breasts, then stuck my face deep into them, sucking up the aroma of sweat and perfume. I licked in between them then kissed them as you undid my belt, popped the button and released the fly. My jeans fell to the floor. I let out a moan when you pulled my cock out from the top of my boxers, then pushed the boxers to the floor. I stepped out of my shoes, pants and underwear then pulled off my t-shirt. I pulled you in close to feel your nakedness against mine, your hard nipples against my chest. I kissed your neck then took your earlobe into my mouth, sucking on it. You turned around and slipped your skirt over your tight round ass, and put your hands on the toilet seat lid. The bathroom must have not been used much, it was polished clean and I was glad. I got down on my knees and stuck my face in your ass, smelling your pussy and running my tongue over it, flicking the clit and dragging it back into my mouth, only to dart it out again. I reached out and took both of your breasts in my hands and used them to pull you closer in towards my face.

I turned around and sat back on my heels, staring at your soft flat stomach and running the top of my tongue along the entire length of your chasm. Feeling your thighs pressed against the side of my head as I flicked your clit with the tip of my tongue. I held onto your ass with both hands, squeezing what little give there was, pushing your crotch harder into my face. I then ran my finger between your cheeks down to your waiting hole and curled my finger in, exploring the texture of your inner canal, then I pulled it out and ran it up to my mouth, sucking your cum off of it enjoying the taste of your love. You're body trembled mildly as I flicked my tongue on your clit and then ran it down rolling it and then penetrating you as deep as it would go. I flicked it in and out like that over and over then pulled it out to re-explore your other tender areas. I refused to stop until my tongue ached.

You pushed yourself up and I sat down on the toilet seat, legs slightly apart. My cock hadn't lost any hardness since we left the concert floor. It was so hard that it could barely move from it's erect position as you pulled it towards you. You looked straight down at it and wrapped both of your hands around; gently sliding them up and down, then you turned your head to the side to get your hair out of your face and ran your lips sideways up the shaft until you reached the top. Droplets of pre-cum glistened on the top. You hungrily licked them off then slid the head into your mouth, squeezing hard with your lips as you went down deeper and then pulled up. You kept going down further, a little bit at a time, seeing how much you could fit into your mouth. When your reached the bottom you would suck, then slide up again, only to go down again. I ran my fingers threw your smooth rich hair as you bobbed up and down expertly pleasuring me to the point of pure ecstasy.

Just then we heard the bathroom door open and the click of heels walking in.

"Oh crap," I whispered. Then the stall door gently opened. Standing there completely stunned was a girl, about 19 or 20 in a mesh shirt over a black bra. Tight leather skirt and tattoos on her arm, upper chest neck and calves. She was a voluptuous girl, the tattoo on her chest was of Betty-Boop and that was the kind of body she had, slim waist with a large chest and hips. She just stood there in silence, and I looked at her stunned.

You turned your head to see who it was. "Hi," you giggled. She kind of waved, not knowing what to think and shook her head. Not backing away though. My erection, which would normally go away in such a situation, instead got bigger. I had a thought in my mind of letting her join in. She didn't run away screaming, that meant she was either curious or stunned stiff, I was going for curious.

You gave me a look, cocked your eyebrow as if to say, "This could get fun," then looked at her. She was looking down at my throbbing cock. "You like that?" I asked slyly. She just kept looking at it. You stood up and walked over to her, then behind her. She looked back at you and smiled when you closed, and this time latched, the stall door.

"Would you like that in your mouth?" I asked. Meanwhile you had unzipped the back of her skirt and were working on getting it off, you slipped it over her thick hips and let it drop to the floor, then she got on her knees and looked up at me in the eyes. You walked over beside me and I bent over and took your nipple in my mouth and sucked, a little too hard maybe because at the same time she flicked her tongue over the head of my cock, and grabbed it with both hands, gently rubbing it up and down.

"Let me see those tits darling." You said to her. She obliged by taking off the mesh top and bra. They burst out like cannon balls, large and firm. I reached down and took a handful of one, you took a handful of the other one, kneading it hard and tweaking the nipple with your fingers. She slipped the head of my cock into her mouth and sucked gently, while you watched, I begged you to come kiss me, but you got way down on the floor instead, and inspected her pussy, it was cleanly shaven like yours, except a small triangle at the top. You reached your hand up and gently rubbed the clit, it was dripping with perspiration. She let out a little gasp, blowing warm air over my cock as you rubbed her pussy and swollen clit. You reached up with one hand and wrapped it around my throbbing cock to steady it while she sucked it, with your other you guided hers into your pussy. She fingered you, pushing her finger in as far as it would go then bending it as she pulled it out, going faster and faster, fucking your pussy.

She looked up at me and took her mouth off of my cock. She rode her tongue up my body, licking each nipple then running it up my neck, over my chin and into my mouth. The she turned around and sat in my lap. You walked over on your knees and sat down at our feet staring at my member pulsing against her pussy. You grabbed my cock and as she stood up a little guided it into her hole; she slowly sat back down again. Her fat pussy squeezing out juices as my cock filled her. You took my cock out of her again, and gave it a hard suck, getting her juices off of it, then you slid it back into her again. I grabbed her at the side of her waist, lifting her up and down. You took my balls into your mouth, sucking on them, flicking them with your tongue, then you moved your mouth up, licking her pussy and running your tongue along my shaft as I fucked her. The sounds of her ass slapping on my thighs heightened your excitement. You licked harder and flicked your tongue faster. The girl was letting out uncontrolled moans and squeals. She was shaking uncontrollably, then fell almost limp. You helped her stand up, but she slowly went to the floor instead, exhausted from her intense orgasm. She laid on her back, feet away from me. You wanted to tease her, prolong her suffering. You crouched over her head, dripping your own sweet love sweat on her face and then you dropped your head into her crotch, tasting my recently ejected penis.

I stood up from the toilet seat and knelt down behind you, grabbing your ass and raising it up to meet my groin. I pushed my cock down to run back past your clit, along your lips finding your canal then sliding it in. You let out a squeak of ecstasy and your body shook a little as I slammed it in hard, then slowly pulled it out, letting my head almost come completely out then slamming it in hard again.

The girl was crying, her intense and prolonged orgasm was more than she could bear. You lifted your head up to help her recover and concentrated on your own upcoming orgasm. I grabbed your waste and pulled you in and pushed you out hard, fucking you doggie style, your long blonde hair flying back and forth with the rhythm. I leaned over your back and reached around, fingering your clit as I pounded in my cock an inch behind it. I could feel your warm juices running down my leg.

My hand was pushed out of the way by our former spectator, who was watching us from a vantage point I would have loved to have seen. She tilted her head back and let you slide your clit over her tongue as I pushed you out and pulled you back. I stopped and pulsed my member inside of you then pulled out again, almost too far, then slammed home. I began speeding up, every thrust a little faster and a little harder. The slapping sounds of fucking echoed off the bathroom stall walls as I began to fuck you at a fevered pace. 

"Oh god baby, do you want me to fuck you harder?" I asked through clenched teeth. You responded with a scream of passion and I obliged. We were moving like a blur. My cock sliding in and out of you and the girls tongue trying to catch your clit as it raced away from her and back again.

I could barely hold my self up, sweat was rolling off my forehead and my ass was clenched in pain trying to get every stoke in before I exploded, then I couldn't hold it anymore.

"I'm cumming!!" I screamed, I could feel your body shake and quiver, you dropped your head and arched your back letting out a long and loud moan, I could feel your throbbing insides on my cock as the girl pulled it out. I came just as she opened her mouth, she got most of the first shot, and the second went right to the back of her throat. I tried to hold back the third for you but it went down the front of her, in a stream starting between her breasts down to her crotch. There was more left though. You quickly grabbed my cock and shoved it between your lips. I had three more shots left, you greedily took them all, then took your hand and gently squeezed my balls while sucking on my softening hard on, trying to get every last drop out of me. After you were sure I had none left, you straddled her face and leaned over her licking the trail I had left on her chest and soft stomach. She teased you with her tongue; forcing you into the same uncontrolled extended orgasm you had made her endure. You bucked and moaned, moving your ass up away from her tongue but she followed, flicking your clit hard and fast with the tip of her tongue. You collapsed, falling off to the side, lying panting with your arm over her knees.

I was spent too. I sat back on my heels, shaking and sweating, feeling dizzy. The girl sat up and grabbed you pulling you in and kissing you hard, trying to steal any last drops of me that may be left in your mouth. Then you both came up to me, one on each side taking turns kissing my face.

We all stood up. Then I lost balance and sat back on the toilet seat again. "Thanks, I needed that!" The girl said and picked up her disheveled clothes, slipped her panties on, pulled up her skirt and tried to put her bra back on. She was still a little shaky so you helped her with it. She slipped her mesh top on over her head as she stepped out of the stall. She looked back and threw us a kiss, then left the bathroom.

You sat down on my lap facing me with your arms around my neck, then looked down and said, "Do you think he'll be ready to go by the time we get back to my place?" and then smiled slyly.

I just grinned, too exhausted to say anything.

We got dressed and left the concert. Of course with a little persuasion and a glass of wine I was rearing to go all night long. I still haven't seen my favourite band live in concert, but for some reason it doesn't bother me that much.

**********