 While in the group section this is a very bisexual story of two men and a woman so if it is not your bag that's OK, just continue your search.

*****

It happened at our annual company conference. In Seattle which is usually great. Fresh seafood, interesting people, great old historic places to explore.

I had seen them during the various seminars. She was a hot forty something, about five five or so in heels. Nice full boobs, long black hair and an ass to die for. She was smart and interesting beyond her hot looks. 

We had talked during the breaks and I was feeling some sexual tension between us but I could never seem to get her alone for some more intimate conversation.

Plus there was that other guy. Another rep from one of the midwest offices and he seemed to have the same ulterior motives. 

I found myself at the bar with him at the same time and we struck up a conversation and damn it i liked the guy.

He was around my age, sharp, funny and I guess he was hot too because Lynn seemed to enjoy his company as much as she seemed to enjoy mine. I was afraid there was going to be a sexual showdown before this came to a head. But I was hot for Lynn and might go to an extreme to get together with her for some alone time.

Something finally happened a couple of days before the end of the conference. She and Dan, that was his name, both disappeared around last call when I was about to make my move. 

For some uncomfortable reason that aroused me some. Fuck a lot. I had had a threesome with a married couple I knew and once we were all naked and things were really hot I thought nothing of fucking her after her husband. We would take turns being inside of her with the other right there.

It started with the guy not fucking caressing her. Breasts first then fingering her clit while the other guy was between her legs. Inside her. It came to an end when she was about to cum while I was fucking her through his cum and she said: "Now baby, now!" And he reached behind me and squeezed my sack. I came like a rocket and he held on until I was drained. 

Awkwardness ensued and I dressed and said my goodbyes and we never talked about it, but I always wondered what more could have happened.

I never had another threesome but after a while I came to realize that I had been as aroused by the idea of sex with the husband was pretty hot, so I explored. I hooked up with another guy every few months over the ensuing years, but those are other stories.

So back to the present and I am getting pretty hot wondering if this could be a continuation of that previous hook up. Where would it go, better yet how far would I go.

I had been fantasizing about Lynn for days now and would just about do anything to get with her. Even sharing her. But as much as I wanted to hook up with Dan I was afraid of being rebuffed if my advance would be unwanted.

Lynn was soon to remove all doubt.

The last night before we were to leave they arrived to the end party looking like they had just fucked and fucked well. I was remorseful that I wasn't the one who had pleased her. 

They both saw me at the same time from across the room and waved uncomfortably. Lynn said something to Dan and came over to me leaving him at the bar.

After an awkward hi, how are you doing? She asked if we could talk privately.

Wondering what was up I said sure and we found a quiet corner. 

She started by saying: "I am sorry if, I , if we hurt you but it just happened. I feel a strong sexual attraction to you and hope you feel the same. My plan had been to hook up with both of you without letting the other know. You must think me a slut. But there it is."

I spoke as she paused: "Lynn I do find you terminally hot to paraphrase the Eagles and don't judge. It is 2019 after all and we are adults after all. I would gladly have spent some time alone with you however it could have been."

"I'm glad you feel that way because Dan and talked and he knows how you feel and well we have come up with a solution."

Where is she going? I wondered when she said: "The only solution is that I take both of you to my bed,...at the same time."

"Now you must really think me a tart!" she added.

"Lynn I want you so bad I would throw you on the bar and ravish you in front of the entire company! How is that for a tart?" I replied.

"That is hot but I would rather a little privacy,...for what I want. Since, as you say we are adults and it is 2019 if we do this we do it completely, all the way. I spoke with Dan and, now I am afraid to say it, but here goes. If we are to do this, we do it completely. If there are three people together it doesn't make sense for either of you to be just with me. Do you understand what I am saying? I want you boys to be free to interact with each other, don't cheat yourselves or me because I have this fantasy of seeing two hot guys have sex with each other. Could you be into that?"

"So, your room or mine?" I said nervously. One of my oldest unsatisfied fantasies might just happen.

As she took my hand she lead me back to Dan. When we reached him she said: "John's in, all the way."

"Just how far is all the way?" he asked.

"Well I am going to suck your cock and hope you will suck mine is that far enough?" I asked with some false bravado.

"Thats a real good start." he replied as he led us to the elevators.

Dan and I were all over Lynn in the elevator He went right to her boobs thru the cleavage of her dress. To say they were ample would be unfair. I am more of an ass man but those boobs were perfect. A nice big handful, imagine a grapefruit but soft like a marshmallow with a nipple.

The rest of her was equally fine. I knew she was smart, one of the senior exces with the company, had a wry wit and dressed that conveyed a smouldering heat that seemed to emanate from her pores.

But once I squeezed her fine ass, well that completed the package. She exuded a confidence that I hoped followed her into the bedroom. 

Each side of her ass was a double handful and I was dying to be between her legs squeezing those cheeks as I licked her pussy.

The elevator floor bell rang shocking us from our lust and as we waited for the door to open looked at each other and smiled. Dan just sighed and said: "Yeah, that just happened. We better get to that room."

Lynn fumbled with the key but got the door open and before it could close we were all over her trying to touch her everywhere at once.

Laughing she pushed us both aside and said: "Easy boys I have thought about this all week. One at a time we undress each other, then..."

I interrupted: "That is easy for you to say, I bet you been fucking all week while I was jerking off."

"NO, it was just the once, well maybe more than once but it was the same night. How much did you jerk off this week?" she laughed.

"Almost continuously from the first moment I saw you." I countered.

So Dan and I moved to stand close to her and each started to slowly remove her clothes. Her dress fell to our feet at once and we just stepped back a bit to soak in her beauty. She had matching baby blue bra nand panties on, lacy and semi transparent.

Before we could go any farther she stopped us and said: "Danny, take off Johnny's clothes, take your time I need to savor this."

"Danny, Johnny all these cute name do we call you Lynnie?" I asked.

"You can call me mam, bitch, what ever. Just be naked and with a boner when you do it. Now let me see what I have been fantasizing about all week." She ordered.

"So you have been thinking about him while you were fucking me?" Dan asked with mock indignation.

"Oh, Danny, take the man's clothes off and show me his cock. Then we will all look at yours." She chided.

"So, when do I get to see your pussy? Will that be tonight.?" I joked.

"Dan?" she said.

"OK, OK, I'm working on it." Dan said and started unbuttoning my shirt and taking off my tie. As they fell to the floor he went to my belt and zipper. Soon it was shoes and socks putting his face right at crotch level which we all noticed. 

Dan made no move to my boxers but Lynn wasn't having it.

Put your hand into his shorts and tell me what you feel Dan.

I could tell by her tone and calling Dan again not Danny that things were heating up.

Dan tentatively reached through the opening in my shorts and easily found my stiff meat.

"What have you found love? Tell us." she said quietly.

"It's his cock." Dan almost whispered gently squeezing me telling me that as hesitant as he was acting he liked feeling my cock in his hand.

"Don't be selfish love, show it to me." She encouraged him.

Dan tried to push my shorts down with one hand, he seemed to be getting over his aversion to touching my cock. I was leaking juice by then and his grip changed to a slow caress.

I helped him and at the last moment he pulled his hand from the last piece of my clothes leaving me standing there naked as the day I was born with one exception.

I had what must have been the finest erection I have ever had waving around and leaking.

I looked to Lynn and she had a finger under the edge of her panties caressing her slit. By now her scent had reached me and as I inhaled to savor the aroma I thought I saw Dan's nostrils flare inhaling her sent too.

After what seemed like an eternity to me and said;" Your turn." Nodding towards Dan.

Well I was more than ready to get to the naked Lynn part and quickly stripped Dan, with one difference. When I knelt down to untie his shoes and remove them with his socks I turned my head and took the wet end of his cock into my mouth. I gave the crown a nice wet suck as I swabbed it with my tongue.

"I knew you were a cock sucker too John. That is not your first is it hon?" She asked.

Letting him spring from my lips I looked to her and then Dan and asked: "That doesn't make me a bad person does it?" I joked.

Lynn laughed and said, don't worry if this evening goes as planned there will be three cock suckers tonight. So Dan if you have never had one tonight will be your chance to answer those questions you have been afraid to ask. We are all friends here and this will be a night none of us ever forget." 

"Trust me Dan, this is going to be so much fun, but if you relax, let go and just be free it will be so much better." I told him and then said: "Well beautiful it's show time."

I could have happily continued sucking Dans' nice cock but knew there would be time for that later one way or the other, but now was Lynn's' time.

I pivoted still squatting down and moved to be in front of Lynn. I pressed my face to panty clad pussy and inhaled taking a lungful of her scent. "God, you smell wonderful!" I sighed.

Dan had moved behind her and had both hands full of her big tits. I'm more of an ass man myself but there was no denying the beauty of those awesome tits. Each a little more than a handful and when Dan released them from the bondage of her bra they barley sagged.

Quivered maybe, wiggled even but they just stayed there begging for attention which Dan was quick to give.

Back to my task at hand, get her panties down so I can taste her sweetness. As i reached behind her I caressed her ample ass. So soft yet so firm I wanted a lot of that tonite too.

As I was working her panties down Dan pressed up tight to Lynns back still making love to her boobs with his hands. He had worked his hard cock straight up to rest between her warm cheeks.

I now had my face pressed up tight to her furry pussy. She had the nicest bush of raven black hair just like her head and I was having fun trying to divide her forest of hair to find her clit and slit. 

Her clit was easy, it had spread the top of her pussy and was sticking through that splendid forrest and stood out from that hair. Taking it into my mouth like a small cock she spread her legs and pressed my face onto it. I stuck my tongue downward spreading her full lips. 

Slippery with her juice I easily ran my tongue down between them. My fingers followed my tongue until I found her opening, the source of the fragrance and moisture.

My middle two fingers easily slipped into her opening just begging for some form of penetration.

I felt something on the back of that hand and realised it was Dan's cock head. It was hot and wet. Wet from his abundant leakage as well as hers. I wanted to lick his cock and taste the essence but could not reach. Knowing what I was trying to do Dan lifted one of her legs up, supporting her body so I could reach his meat. This was the supreme moment in my life. I had my mouth on a beautiful hairy wet cunt and a fine cock to suck. I was in some form of heaven and the moment got me. Lynn started to lose her balance and before we knew it Dan lost his grip on her and she fell to the side onto the bed. Laughing she moved into the middle of the bed and lifting that same leg up, moved to the side and spread her thighs and put all her charms on display.

Now I am kneeling in front of Dan and his cock is inches from my mouth and it just seemed natural to take him into my hot mouth. My lips and chin were covered in Lynns and Dans mixed juices, my mouth full of my spit as I took about half of Dans cock into my mouth and almost came it felt so good. 

Lynn squirmed around with both of her hands covering her hairy snatch saying: "Ohooo this hot, don't stop, it's like my own personal porno!"

Urged on by this and my overwhelming desire to suck I went to work on his manhood. It was a perfect size. Easy to suck but with enough size to fill my mouth. As I was enjoying the feeling of a new cock filling my mouth I slid him into and almost out of my mouth massaging the underside of his fine meat with my tongue while working my lips around it. 

I was really getting into it and trying to make Dan cum when he pulled his hips back, supported my head and said: "Oh fuck that feels good I am about to cum and want to wait."

Respecting his desires I looked to Lynn to see what she was doing. She had one hand with the two middle fingers buried into her cunt and making the most erotice sound as she worked herself to a lather. Her other hand was reaching around behind herself to have the middle fingers of that hand massaging her anus. 

Looking at Dan I said: Let's give her a hand." Dan replied as he went to kneel beside her: "Let's give her four hands!"

I moved to the bed and between her legs just as one of his hands replaced the one of her on her pussy, his other on one of her ample breasts.

Putting my middle finger into my mouth I worked it back and forth covering it with my spit and soon replaced her hand on her ass hole with my finger. I didn't try to penetrate her just continue her anal massage.

She fell back and moaned as she reached for Dan's cock running her hand down his ample length to cup his sack saying: "I knew you boys would be fun but didn't expect it to be this much fun."

I asked: "How much more fun do you want it to be?"

"Well fingers are fun but tongues are so much more, please." She half asked.

As I leaned forward I covered as much of her cunt as I could with my mouth and moved Dan's fingers out of the way with my tongue. He slowly finger fucked my mouth for a moment before surrendering the sweet wet hole to my searching tongue. 

By this time Dan's cock was standing almost vertical and Lynn angled it down to take it into her hot mouth. Dan's' reaction was a deep guttural moan as he pushed forward filling her mouth.

Lynn had her other hand on the back of my head pressing my face into her pussy. I was moving around trying to experience all of her beautiful pussy. Covering her clit with my mouth while massaging it with my tongue, moving down but keeping contact with my mouth I would suck in her blood filled lips continuing on to her center. 

She was way beyond moist, a word many hate, but was damn wet, leaking her precious juices copiously. Sucking up this nectar I continued on to try to lick her ass hole but couldn't quite reach. She rocked towards me to try to give me better access but my tongue wasn't quite long enough so she lifted her upper leg with her hand and spread her alabaster cheeks giving me better access.

Her response was immediate as I ran my tongue around her little star, a deep moan that started somewhere deep inside of her. After seeing her caressing her anus just moments ago and her response to my attention I wanted to be even closer to the source of her pleasure and turned around to lay on my side in a 69 position but without any body contact beyond my face and her ass hole.

This gave her access to my cock and I soon found my cock in her hand. I could not see but assumed she had a cock in each hand when she said to Dan: "Do you want to touch him? It's OK, I really want to see it."

I soon felt another hand on my cock and it was now my turn to moan. Things quickly progressed as I heard her say: "Doesn't it feel just wonderful? Don't you want to suck it? Go ahead, now is the time to do anything you ever dreamed of."

I could feel some shifting of the bed as he changed positions and soon felt a warmth enclose my cock. 

I lifted my head just enough to say to them: "You are right, a mouth is so much better."

I went back between her legs to lick, kiss and suck from the top of her cunt hair down over her clit, between her lips to tongue fuck her opening and ending up licking her other hole only to turn around and work my way back to her clit. When I reached her clit she pressed my face deep into her crotch and said: "Right there, I am so close, make me cum."

While this was all happening Dan was giving me the most excellent blow job. I didn't know how much experience he had but it felt like he was well versed in cock sucking as I was about to cum myself.

I could not see it but Dan had moved some placing his cock near Lynns mouth. I knew this because I heard him say: "Oh, fuck that is good dear, I am about to cum too. Let's cum together."

And we did magnificently, Lynn was the first to go covering my forehead with her juices and I blew a memorable load into Dans mouth as I heard a muffled groan from him knowing that he was filling Lynns mouth too.

A bucking withering mass of human flesh connected on a higher plane that I, at least had ever experienced as we came together as one.

We ended up in a triangle position with my head resting on Lynns upper thigh so I could see both of them while savoring the aroma of Lynns snatch. Dan was still near my crotch but resting up on one forearm while Lynn lay back with an arm thrown over her eyes.

Sighs and some "oh my gods' filled the room when I said: "So Dan, did you just quote the Beatles? Cum together?" I laughed. Then Lynn joined in and finally Dan who said: "Yeah I guess so."

Once the laughter died down Lynn wormed her self from under us and moved to leave the bed.

"Just where do you think you are going young lady?" he asked.

"I am going to call my service and reschedule my flight. I am hoping both of you do the same. There is so much more I want to experience."