 As Amanda led Jason and Danielle back to her apartment, she felt a mixture of both exhiliration and satisfation. She had helped Danielle live her fantasy, and she'd come closer to realizing a fantasy of her own.

Just hours before, in the darkened amphitheatre, surrounded by thousands of concertgoers, Danielle had watched as Amanda lay back against Jason, her legs spread, covered by a blanket, riding him. To everyone else, she was simply sitting in his lap, her head laying on his shoulder, his lips on her neck. To anyone who might have noticed them, they were just watching the concert, cuddling. Everyone, that is, except Danielle. 

Danielle had the seat next to them, a total stranger, but she knew what was happening under that blanket. She had been watching them all night. SHE could see what was going on. And God how it turned her on. The way he touched her. Running his hands running over her body. The way he pumped his pelvis into her. She could see Amanda raising and lowering, almost imperceptibly. He must be penetrating her completely. 

And even though Danielle was trying to be discreet, Amanda knew she was watching them. She watched her sneak her sidelong glances, her furtive looks. And Amanda liked it. She liked it a lot. It made her so hot, knowing Danielle was watching. Amanda could tell it was making Danielle hot too, and that was making her eveen more aroused. That's why, when she and Jason were seated, her back laying against his chest, SHE had purposely parted the blanket. SHE had given Danielle the glimpse that had haunted Danielle -- the glimpse of Jason's hard cock entering her wet, glistening pussy. 

And then seeing Danielle rubbing against the seat in front of her, getting herself off right next to her, while her own orgasm crested and overwhelmed her, that was unforgettable. I made her hungry, Amanda thought, and then I let her feast. 

Amanda had long been attracted to women as well as men but she had never acted on it. Perhaps she lacked the courage, or maybe it was just a lack of opportunity. In the back of her mind she knew that while she was fucking Jason, while she rocked her hips to take him deep inside her, she was somehow fucking Danielle too.

Back in the apartment, Amanda put on some coffee and made some toast and jam for the others to snack on. She set the plate on the coffee table and poured the coffee. 

"I'm going jump into the shower," Amanda said.

"Okay," answered Danielle, watching her as she walked to the bedroom. 

Jason looked over at Danielle. He was bare-chested, wearing only his jeans. She was in Amanda's silk robe. She looked radiant.

"How are you doing?" Jason asked. 

"Fine. I'm having a great night," she answered. 

"Good," Jason said. "I'm having an unbelievable night." 

Danielle laughed. "I would think you are."

Amanda was in the shower, letting the warm water spray against her breasts. Her body was still super sensitive, and it felt wonderful. She was thinking about how the night had unfolded, the concert and what had transpired since. The encounter with Jason in the amphitheatre had been a peak sexual experience for her. Yet now, in retrospect, it seemed as if it was mere foreplay for what was to follow. Watching Jason and Danielle in the hot tub, these two gorgeous people having hot, sweaty sex -- right next to her -- that was something that aroused a deep passion within her. It made her feel a hunger beyond anything she'd felt before. 

Amanda had never been part of a threesome before. Yet it was something she thought about. A lot. When she lay in bed at night, and her fingers found their way into her warm, wet pussy, it was images of a threesome that fueled her fantasies. 

When she had gone to arts camp two summers before, she had shared a dorm room with a beautful girl named Isabelle. She was French and had gorgeous cat eyes and the most beautiful body Amanda had ever seen, with slender hips and perfect, round breasts. Amanda and Isabelle became fast friends and Amanda would notice how every guy seem to notice her wherever they went. 

Isabelle had a boyfriend back in the city, an Italian guy who was studying sculpture at the university. His name was Franco and he had dark curly hair and bedroom eyes. Amanda had seen his photo on Isabelle's laptop and he was incredibly hot. 

One time, Amanda was studying in their room, wearing her earbuds, when the music stopped. Before she could pick a new file to play, she overheard Isabelle talking to Franco on her cell phone. She could tell immediately it was one of "those" conversations. Isabelle's voice was soft and intimate. Isabelle obviously thought no one could hear her. Amanda's finger was frozen over the iPod. She knew she shouldn't eavesdrop, but she couldn't help herself. 

It was immediately clear that Isabelle and Franco had a very open and expressive sex life. It was amazing how free and unihibited Isabelle was with him. She had no problem telling him EXACTLY what he was going to do to him when they were next together. Amanda held perfectly still, pretending to study, as her heart pounded and her pussy dripped with desire. 

Isabelle would count the days until Franco finally came for a visit. She laughed about being so horny she'd end up "raping him" when he finally showed up. Then, late one Friday night, the day at last arrived. Amanda was in bed when she heard Isabelle quietly open the door to their dorm room. It was well after midnight. He was with her.

Isabelle and Franco were trying to be very quiet, whispering and closing the door gently. They didn't turn on the light -- they obviously thought Isabelle was asleep. Amanda lay perfectly still, her heart pounding. She didn't know whether to let them know she was still awake, and after a while it seemed too late to say anything. So she just lay there, perfectly still, pretending to be asleep. She could hear them whispering to each other "is she asleep?" "yes, I told you! Shhh!"

Amanda lay in bed watching them, afraid they'd hear her heart, it was pounding so hard. They began to undress. Her eyes were accustomed to the dark so she could see them clearly. Isabelle's long, luscious body, her perfect upturned breasts. He had a muscled physique, with strong arms and tight ass. He started kissing her immediately. The sound of lips on each other's skin was intoxicating.

Amanda watched as Franco lowered Isabelle onto the single bed. It was situated just ten feet from her own. She could clearly see their bodies pressing together. His -- muscular and taut. Hers -- supple and soft. She watched him kissing her again and again, on the neck, and on her breasts. His lips lingered on her nipples, suckling them, and they stood up from the attention. He kissed down her tummy and she arched her body with pleasure. Amanda felt her own pussy start to throb.

He knelt on the floor beside the bed, his back to Amanda, and slowly spread Isabelle's legs. He started kissing the inside of her thighs starting at the knees and slowly working his way up. Amanda could hear Isabelle's breath quickening as Franco worked his way back and forth, from one inner thigh to the other. Amanda could see the look of sheer pleasure on Isabelle's face and Franco's strong back and luscious ass, but she couldn't see where he was kissing her exactly. She just knew he was getting closer and closer to finally dipping his tongue into her pussy. 

Amanda held her breath, unblinking, until Isabelle gasped and she knew his tongue found the wet folds between her legs. That's when Amanda's fingers found her own pussy. It had never been so wet.

Amanda fingered herself as she watched Franco lick her pussy for the longest time. Listening to her soft moans, she imagined herself in Isabelle's place, with one hand in Franco's thick, curly hair while the other brushed her hard nipples, felt her full lips, and reached high above her head. She was so beautful -- like a Botticelli, albeit an X-rated one. Amanda watched Isabelle intently, her head tilted back, her mouth open -- a portrait of pure pleasure. Amanda let her fingers slide inside her own pussy as she watched this beautiful creature experience a glorious, prolonged orgasm. 

Only then, did Franco lift his head and move up to kiss her deeply on the lips. 

Amanda watched as Isabelle raised herself and steered Franco onto his back. They were reversing positions and Isabelle was now straddling him. She let her long hair graze his chest and stomach. She flung it back and began to kiss his beautiful, hard chest. She worked her way down his stomach and kissed all around this hips, and thighs, and stomach. Zeroing in for kill. 

Once again, Amanda's view was obscured -- she could see Franco laying back against her pillows, his broad shoulders and chiseled chest, and Isabelle's backside, her slender, graceful back and perfectly-shaped ass. But she couldn't see anything below Franco's waist, because Isabelle was in the way. Then, she saw Isabelle's head moving over his crouch, and Franco let out a long sigh, and she knew she'd found her prey. 

Franco was letting out soft moans while Isabelle started to work on his cock with her mouth. Amanda was struck by how energetically Isabelle was sucking him. Her head was not just bobbing up and down, but it was circling and attacking it from all angles. It was as if her entire face, no her whole body, was giving him a blow job. She undulated as she took him into her mouth. It was obviously having its desired effect because Franco's breathing became fast and his muscled chest heaved.

Then, Isabelle lifted her head and lay next to Franco, resting on her elbow. Her right hand held his fully erect cock so it stood straight up in the air. It was the first time Amanda had seen Franco's cock.

"I can't believe how big you are," Isabelle whispered.

"I am big because of you," he answered softly. "I miss you so much." 

Amanda's eyes were trained on Franco's cock. It was long and hard, glistening. Isabelle slowly stroked it, then leaned over and ran her tongue over the tip and took the swollen head into her mouth. She let it go with a smack. He moaned.

"You like that, baby?" she cooed. 

"Mmmmm, Carissima." 

Amanda watched as Isabelle leaned over him again and took the tip in her mouth, her eyes fixed on his. She slowly lowered her head, taking the long shaft into her mouth and throat. Slowly she slid back up and licked the tip and released it with a smack. 

He moaned. 

"Oh, how I've missed this, baby," she whispered. "I've wanted to have this inside me so much."

She gave his cock another long, slow suck and seemed to really squeeze it with her mouth. She released it with another smack.

"I'm so wet right now, baby," she gasped. "You get me so fucking wet. I want you to fuck me. Fuck me now, baby."

Franco reached out and wrapped is strong arm around her and pulled her to him. He kissed her deeply and lay her on her back under him. Amanda watched Isabelle wrap her legs around him and guide him to her. When he pushed himself inside her she let out a cry that Amanda felt deep in her own body. She pushed three fingers into her own pussy, pretending it was Franco. 

Amanda watched him start to pump her rhythmically, his tight and muscular ass working like a piston. Everytime he pressed into her, Isabelle let out a soft moan, a moan of such pleasure Amanda felt it too. Soon Franco was moaning as well, pressing even further inside her, making her moan louder. 

Amanda pressed her fingers deep inside her pussy, while her thumb found her now swollen clit. She pleasured herself in sync with the two lovers. She gazed on Franco's beautiful naked body as it moved on top of her. Isabelle had her hands on his ass, gripping both cheeks, pulling him inside her. They were two creatures joined, moving in perfect unison. Isabelle lifted her knees and spread herself wide, raising her hips to meet his thrusts. Amanda did the same.

Franco reached down and lifted her legs so they rested on his shoulders. He pressed deep into her and she cried out. He thrust again, sinking his cock deep inside her, and again Isabelle cried out. He began slowly quicken the pace, sliding his long cock all the way in, and almost all the way out, before plunging all the way in again. It was hypnotizing. He picked up the pace, starting to pierce her with quick, lightning strokes. Amanda could tell from her thrashing that Isabelle was close to coming. Amanda's fingers worked her clit. She could hear the sound of Franco's cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy. As wet, it seemed, as her own.

"I can't believe how deep you're going," Isabelle gasped. "Oh, baby, don't stop. I'm going to come."

"Si, come for me baby. You are so beautiful when you come."

As Isabelle climaxed yet again, Amanda feverishly fingered her own clit, on the brink of her orgasm. But she couldn't quite go over the top, for fear of them hearing.

After a few moments, she heard Isabelle whispering again. 

"Your turn, baby. I want YOU to come now. I want you to fill me up with you cum. Do you want to do me from behind, baby? I know you like to come that way."

"Si," he said, breathily.

She quickly moved to her hands and knees, facing away from him. She spread her arms and legs, bracing herself. She arched her back so her pussy was raised and open to him. Amanda could see it was swollen and glistening. 

"Put your big cock right in here, baby" she growled, reaching back to slide her finger into her wet pussy. 

He slowly moved up behind her and holding the tip of his cock just outside her dripping pussy. Amanda watched as he slowly rubbed in against the wet folds and over her clit. She thought she would faint in anticipation. Then, with one thrust, he slid the entire length of his cock into her waiting pussy.

Isabelle let out an almost desperate cry. She put her head down on the bed, keeping her pussy high in the air. 

"That's it, baby. Fuck me like that. I know you like it like this."

He took her hips into his hands and started to thrust into her, deeply and slowly. Amanda could clearly see his long, hard cock spreading her pussy and sinking into it. Isabelle moaned each time he buried his cock in her.

"Ohhhhh, baby" she cried. "You go so deep. No one ever's gone that deep."

He started to pump her harder, with lightning strikes, faster and faster. He pulled her back against his cock, grinding his full length into her. She cried out once again. Amanda was working her own pussy with two hands now.

He pressed her down to her stomach. Her hands were out in front of her, bracing against the wall. Her back was arched, her ass raised, to accept him deeply. He never stopped pumping her. 

"Carissima," he moaned. "I want-a you come with me. I want you touch-a your clit."

"What baby?" Isabelle gasped.

Amanda was burying her fingers deep in her pussy, imagining Franco's cock was in her.

"Rub-a your clit. I want-a you to come with me."

And Isabelle did as she was told. Reaching between her legs and finding her clit as Franco pumped her with deep, penetrating thrusts. 

And Amanda did as SHE was told -- spreading her lips with one hand and rubbing her clit with the other, with lightning fast strokes.

And then Franco felt the electricity surge through his limbs and gather in his groin, exploding through his cock with a stream of cum spraying deep inside Isabelle's gorgeous body.

And both Isabelle and Amanda, their eyes rolling back in their heads, felt the sensation peak and their bodies shudder as it crested like a tidal wave, consuming them both at the same time. They came, both of them, with complete and total ecstasy. For Amanda, it was the greatest orgasm she had ever experienced.

In the moments that followed, all one could hear was the heavy breathing of not two, but three, people who had enjoyed complete sexual satisfaction. Amanda lay in her bed and looked at the moon outside the window. She sensed this was the beginning of something important in her life. But what?

"Do you want to join us?" It was Isabelle's voice. "I want the three of us to make love. Come." Amanda looked over and Isabelle was reaching her arm out to her, smiling.

But, of course, Isabelle had never actually uttered those words. Nor had she reached out her hand to Amanda. Instead, Amanda lay in silence, too scared, too inhibited to say or do anything. In fact, Amanda never said anything at all to Isabelle about what happened that night. And Amanda regretted it immediately and ever since. 

Amanda relived this moment again and again in the months following, and it was these images she pictured as she stood in the shower, feeling the warm water caressing her breasts. She was filled with a determination to not let her life slip away like that again. 

In fact, her fingers had slipped between the folds of her pussy when she saw the door to the bathroom open and a figure enter. The shower curtain slid slowly open.

That Jason is insatiable, she thought to herself.

A bare leg was visible. A woman's leg. It was Danielle.

"I hope you don't mind," said Danielle, stepping into the shower. "I wanted to rinse the chlorine off."

"Of course not," said Amanda. "Come in."

Danielle stepped into the tub, naked. Amanda was struck again by the incredible beauty of this woman. Her body was exquisite. Amanda gave her room so the warm water covered her body.

"Mmmmm. Feels good," Danielle said closing her eyes.

"It does, doesn't it." Amanda picked up the bar of soap and started to work up a lather. She began to wash Danielle's back.

"Amanda?"

"Yes?"

"You're an amazing person."

Amanda laughed. "Why is that?"

"I don't know," Danielle said thoughtfully, taking the bar of soap and applying it to Amanda's back. "You're just...a truly generous person." 

"Why?" she laughed.

"The way you ... shared Jason with me...You're not selfish. That's...unusual."

Amanda paused to ponder this. She HAD shared Jason with her. But it didn't feel to her like she gave up anything. On the contrary.

"I knew how much you wanted him," Amanda answered. "Wanted to feel him inside you." She lightly touched Danielle's face. "I wanted you to have that."

Danielle looked into her green eyes. 

"Thank you," she said simply.

Amanda caressed her face and smiled.

"You're welcome."

Danielle rubbed the soap into a big sponge and lifted Amanda's hair. Amanda held her hair above her head as Danielle ran the sponge slowly over her neck and back. After a moment, Danielle spoke. 

"I feel like I got what I wanted, but what about YOU? When do you get what YOU want?"

Amanda's arms were up in air, holding her hair, and she suddenly felt exposed. Danielle was sponging her sides now, grazing against the sides of her breasts. The feeling was electric.

"Who says I haven't?" Amanda answered.

"No, I'm serious" Danielle said, softly. "I want to give YOU what YOU want most. I want to make YOUR fantasy come true."

Amanda breathed a heavy sigh. 

"OK," she said unconvincingly, turning and taking Danielle's hands in hers.

Danielle cocked her head slightly.

"So? What is it you want?"

Amanda looked away, confused. This wasn't easy for her. She was great at taking care of other people's needs, but when it came to herself, not so much. Especially on this subject.

"I want..." she said, hesitantly.

"Yes?" Danielle said, her eyebrows raised.

"I...want..." Amanda eyes searched the ceiling. Then she slowly ran her forefinger over her lips. Then she reached the same hand downward, along her stomach, between her legs.

Danielle THOUGHT she understood, but she wasn't positive.

"You want ..." she said, tentatively, "to be licked?" 

Amanda nodded, like a child unsure it was an okay thing to ask.

"I see," Danielle said simply, "you want Jason to eat you out?"

Amanda shook her head.
