 Author's note: With full acknowledgements to 'Tawny T' for the inspiration of her story 'Lactating Lesbian Lady', of July, 2000. I trust she is not offended, if so I apologise.

Chapter 1. 

That evening, I was sitting up on top of the bed spread, my back against the pillows. My one year-old son Harry was nursing on me, when Jasmine came in and sat beside me. Her hand reached out and stroked my face then her fingers slid gently along my lips. 

I kissed her fingers, God, I loved her so much. We had been lovers for six-months now, ever since the time she had offered to milk my painfully over-full breasts, and I had eagerly succumbed in horny desire. Her milking of my tits was a necessary delight for me, since I produced far too much milk, more than what Harry needed, so it wasn't all sexual. But it sure beat using a breast pump!

Of course, breast manipulation, then nipple sucking, had progressed very naturally to pussy play, and we were quite accomplished by now. Bringing each other off to fantastic orgasms, as we fingered and nibbled and licked, and did everything else that we could think of, to each other's streaming love-holes. 

I had never even had lesbian thoughts before, I was quite inexperienced, but things seemed to be evolving nicely, and we loved each other very much. I had told her I only wished that I could suckle at her breasts, drink her milk... then we would have been the perfect couple.

So far, my husband Jim was unaware of our little proclivities... or at least, I thought so. I had quickly figured out that Jasmine was no stranger to the lesbian scene, but never questioned her about it.

I gazed up at her beautiful face, and it had a glow I had not seen before and her dark eyes had a sparkle to them that made my heart beat faster. It was the glow in her eyes on mine as she suckled on me, that had completely captivated me that first time... she really liked my mother's milk.

"Wendy," she said softly, "I have been thinking about us, and have given much thought to your wishes, and I think I have been very selfish." 

I was mystified: "What wishes Jasmine..." 

Then I stopped, and sighed with pleasure as she sat down on the bed, and leaned over and took my unattended tit in her mouth, and sucked strongly on the lush nipple, which promptly hardened in between her sensual lips. It also gave up a spray of milk in her mouth, and she gulped and swallowed it down. She looked up at me, her eyes dancing, then reluctantly she released me, and sat up, patting Harry on his head as he suckled away, oblivious of everything except the need to fill his little tummy, before the nice lady stole it all!

She chuckled, and said: "I have long had the great pleasure of drinking your milk, and I have never forgotten what you said about wishing to drink mine."

She paused as she leaned over and got a re-fill, this time filling her mouth before she swallowed it down with obvious pleasure. Then she raised her head, and looked into my eyes as she went on. "Wendy, what would you think if you could drink my milk, just like you wished for before? It would make me very happy if this was so... how about you?" and her eyes glowed... dear God... those eyes!

They were like an opiate to me, and I drowned in them for an instant or two, as I listened to her. I was puzzled for a split second, then my eyes opened wide as I caught her meaning. 

"You mean you want to become pregnant... have a baby so that you can get milk?" I said incredulously. 

She grinned at my expression, and then laughed out aloud, and Harry gurgled on my other tit, at the sound of her familiar laughter, while I looked at her in amazement. 

She chuckled: "Yes, why not! I think that is only fair to you, who have been so very good to me, bringing me here from my own country, to live with you and Jim."

I was in a state of shock as I sat there, and the legal and moral ramifications made my head spin. It was several minutes before I was able to get my mind back to normal. 

I went on: "Just how do you plan to become pregnant...." and then I stopped and laughed aloud...

She laughed too: "Of course Wendy, by Jim. I do not think he would object, and Jasmine owes him much." 

Those wonderful dark brown eyes twinkled as she continued: "Do you think he would be willing to make me with child?" 

We both broke down with laughter, and I finally was able to answer her: "No way..." I finally got out, my face red, ".. there's no way that Jim would ever want to fuck, gorgeous, sexy little old you!" and we both giggled helplessly, while Harry looked around in some surprise. 

Chapter 2.

Jim and I had met Jasmine during a vacation in Cairo, Egypt. She was thirty-three years old, and looked like twenty-three. She was a qualified nurse, her English was excellent, she was well educated, and we were appalled when we learned how much money she made at her job.

We didn't learn it from her of course, she was far too well bred for that, but from a mutual friend, a Doctor in the hospital where she worked. He also said that she was very unhappy there, things were getting difficult all round in Egypt at the time, and she would like to leave.

She also had another personal reason, which I would find out about later. She told us she had already started enquiries in several countries, but had been surprised to learn that her qualifications would not be immediately accepted, due to short sighted regulations, and union beaurocracy.

She was also drop-dead beautiful... from the top of the lusciously thick glossy black hair on her head, to her small elegant toes, she was every man's dream... and some women's too. I'll elaborate on her later, suffice to say, that Jim and I were very much taken with her, Jim especially of course. 

The three of us got on famously, and as the days passed, I felt drawn to her more and more. Jim was a Computer Engineer, a 'trouble shooter', and he was away from home quite often, sometimes for as long as a month. He thought she would be great company for me on those occasions . 

I was three months pregnant at the time, and we talked it over, and ultimately we made her an offer. We would give her a job initially as a house-keeper, and then also as a nurse or whatever you want to call it, to help me look after my baby, when it was born. She would be able to pursue any studies at nights and week-ends, when she was off, to help get her accredited in her profession.

We would pay her double what she was making right now, and she would basically have no living expenses. She would have her own suite in our water-front house in Lauderdale, Florida, and we would give her a written contract, no unreasonable strings attached.

If she agreed, we would get her a 'Green Card', and pay her way to America. We assumed that she had all her necessary documents at her end, and we would like to have her there in four months time please! 

You can tell that Jim is an Engineer.. he annoys me some times with his 'logical thinking'!

Anyhow, the upshot was that shortly before we left, Jasmine gave us a happy 'Yes please', and she finally arrived three weeks before Harry's birth... perfect timing. She loved our American ways, and had fitted in right away, the Florida climate suiting her to a 'T' of course. 

She turned out to be a marvellous cook, the house had never been so spotless, and she was a wonderful Nanny to Harry after he was born. She was great company for me when Jim was away, she looked and acted years younger than she was, and we very quickly became real friends.

Then I succumbed to those eyes, and we became lovers.

Chapter 3.

Flashback six months.

Jasmine looks like those pictures of an Arabian Princess, very elegant and almost regal. She has a wonderful body, with full rounded breasts, a small waist that melds sweetly out to shapely hips and a marvellous ass, a truly voluptuous beauty. Her thick luscious hair, hangs down in glossy black waves to that marvellous ass, when she wears it loose, she is really quite something to see. She had never married, and I wondered about that

She had brought Harry into me for feeding, and I had been looking at her, thinking back as the baby quickly got his fill. Finally he stopped sucking, and started to fall asleep, so I gently pulled him away from my nipple, and a white rivulet of milk ran down my swollen breasts. Jasmine took him from me and went into the nursery, burping him on the way, and put him down, while I sat up and put my fingers and thumb around my nipple, and squeezed gently. 

I reached for the breast pump, I hated this part... it was so impersonal. I put the plastic bulb pump up to my breast and pressing it, began to suction the milk out. I had far too much milk for the baby, and if I didn't drain it, it would make my breasts hurt, and the milk would dribble out and soil my clothes.

Jasmine came back in and watched me, as I squeezed away at the pump, and gradually filled up the jar. Her beautiful dark brown eyes were glued to my puffy nipples, and I saw the tip of her tongue slide quickly across her sensual lips.

"Wendy, you have such lovely breasts." she said softly.

"Thank you, Jasmine, but they get so full of milk, they hurt sometimes." I answered her, grimacing slightly.

"Can I say something that is perhaps rather personal?" she asked, as those wonderful eyes held mine.

"Of course you can." I smiled, wondering what it would be.

She smiled at me: "I have noticed that you seem to get a little sexually excited, when the baby suckles at you.... is this normal in Mothers?" and she looked keenly at me.

I blushed as I nodded, saying: "I think so Jasmine... I've spoken to other Mothers, and they seem to feel the same way."

She smiled at my answer, and watched as I finished pumping at the one tit. I caught her eyes running over my almost naked body appreciatively, and I blushed even further, and twitched the bed-sheet over my flimsy panties that I was wearing.

"Would you like me to pump the milk from the other breast, for you?" she asked, looking at me.

I didn't even think... out of the blue, suddenly I wanted her hands on my tits. I gulped and nodded, handing her the pump. She took it, and put the mouth over my nipple, and firmly squeezed the bulb. She watched closely, as my milk squirted out and soon filled the little jar. 

Her other hand moved under my breast, and held it gently. The suction of the pump wasn't erotic at all, but the touch of her hand was... I closed my eyes, and sighed softly as my pussy drooled and trembled... I was dying to play with myself.

She soon finished, and took the jar of milk and the pump and went to wash it. My pussy was on fire, and as soon as she was out of the room, I slid my hand under my panties, and eased my fingers into my pussy. I felt the slippery wetness of it, and moved up to my throbbing clitoris, and attacked it vigorously.

God, it felt so good, as I rolled my fingers and thumb around and over my clitoris, jerking myself off, until I climaxed. My hips shot up off the bed, and with a cry of joy, I felt my pussy spasm, and my fingers were suddenly covered in my cum. 

My ears caught a soft sound, and I looked up, and saw Jasmine just outside the door. Her eyes were wide, and she flushed when she saw that I had caught her watching me.

"Oh Wendy, I heard you moaning, and thought you were in pain. I'm so sorry... I didn't mean to spy on you!" she said apologetically.

I smiled at her, patted the bed, and she came in and sat down beside me, her eyes all over my naked body, my soaked panties. I didn't feel in the least embarrassed, that she had seen me masturbating, cum still glistened on my hand, and I wiped it on the sheet.

I told her: "It's perfectly all right... you were right; it does get me sexually excited. I have to make myself wait till Harry is through, before I .. er.. do my thing. I don't think it would be a good idea to play with myself while he's in my arms." and I put my hand on her knee, patting her to show that I wasn't mad at her.

She put her own hand on mine... it felt so good. I laid back and closed my eyes, and soon fell asleep, and when I awoke she was gone. We never talked about my masturbation after that, we didn't have to. She would often sit and watch me play with myself, while I fed the baby, I had changed my mind about that for some reason...

Chapter 4.

Jim was away on one of his frequent trips, and one evening when I brought baby Harry to my bed to feed him, Jasmine knocked, then came into the room and sat beside me. We talked quietly, and she watched as Harry suckled away, his little legs waving around. He finally finished, and she took him to his bed-room, then came back quickly.

I was waiting hornily for her, she always pumped me dry now after feedings, and I loved it as her fingers played over my tits, as she manipulated the little pump. But this time she surprised me, instead of using the pump, she put a towel under my breast, and took my tit-flesh in her soft hands, and squeezing gently, started to milk me manually. 

A little spray of milk squirted out from my nipple, and ran down my breast. She looked at me, grinned and did it again.

"Does that feel good Wendy?" she asked softly, adding, "this is how they do it in my own country." and I nodded breathlessly, as she repeated the procedure.

"Try it this way." I said tremulously, as I took my fingers and thumb, and put them behind my puffy nipple, and started to pull on it. 

I squeezed and pulled outward, and several jets of milk sprayed from my nipple. One jet hit her in the face and she jumped back a little, and then laughed. The milk ran down and landed on her lips, and her pink tongue slid out and licked it off. 

She laughed delightedly: "That tastes good... do it again." and she smiled warmly at me.

I obliged and as she leaned closer, two jets spurted into her open mouth. She swallowed it down, as I continued to pull on my nipple and squirt milk into her mouth.

Her face was just inches from my lush spraying nipple: "Can I try it, Wendy?" she asked me softly, smiling tremulously up at me.

I couldn't speak, I only nodded. Her fingers were warm and exciting on me, and I closed my eyes in pleasure, as she milked me. I felt her other hand move under my breast, and lift and fondle it in her palm. It felt so hot against my skin, I held my breath, not daring to move, enjoying the feeling of her hand on my skin.

I felt her shift slightly and them I moaned out aloud. Her mouth was on my tit, her lips were around my nipple. My eyes shot open, and her liquid brown eyes were looking up at me appealingly. Her sensual lips were full, soft and firm around my nipple, and I watched with fascination as her cheeks hollowed inward, as she suckled at me. God... it felt so good! 

I smiled tremulously down at her, as I felt her tongue move around over my nipple, her mouth sucking strongly. I reached around, and ran my hand through her shining black hair, pulling her a little harder against my swollen breast. I cried out as she suckled again and again, and I could feel the flow of my milk as it filled her sucking mouth.

I couldn't help myself, as I slid my other hand under the waist-band of my panties, and down to my sopping pussy. I slipped my finger into my crack, down further until it slid into my wetness. I moved it up a little, and touched my wet slick finger to my swollen clit, and started to rub it gently.

Jasmine was suckling strongly on my tit now; her hands kneading it vigorously, pulling forward on my fat nipple, helping my milk flow into her mouth. She was keening deep in her throat, as my fingers moved faster and faster over my throbbing clitoris. She knew I was masturbating, and her hot eyes urged me on, until I screamed and climaxed violently, my body heaving all over the place. 

Her lips left my streaming nipple, and moved to my open gaping mouth. I felt her tongue slide over my lip, and she sucked on it while her tongue played over it. I was spent, and fell back on the bed. She kissed my lips for a while, and then she raised her head.

"Does that feel all better now, Wendy?" she asked very sweetly, then she smiled dazzlingly at me, and bent over me again.

This time her tongue slid into my mouth, I could taste my milk on her lips. Our tongues slid and gently danced together, as my hot hand fondled my throbbing pussy through my sopping wet panties. 

She looked at me with her hot eyes: "Lie back Wendy, let me finish milking you." and she gently pushed me down, adding sexily, "Play with yourself if you want... I like watching you do that!" 

I obeyed her without thinking... in roughly half an hour, we two had progressed very naturally from good friends to sexual partners, and I had never been happier in my life.

Her lips went back to my nipple and she sucked slowly and softly... it felt so wonderful. She emptied one tit, then moved to the other one. It felt so sexy to have her soft lips sucking on my nipple. My cunny was twitching again, despite the fact I had just cum, and my fingers squished into the open cleft, through my panties.

I reached down and started to pull my panties down. She helped me, and slid them down further. Her mouth never stopped it's demand on my tit, as I moved my legs till she could pull them all the way off. 

She moved around, still sucking on my nipple, so that she could see my fingers moving in my pussy. Her hand stroked my stomach, and slipped down to the soft insides of my thighs. Then it moved to my own hand, and her fingers covered over mine, following their every movement to the smallest detail... I loved it.

I trembled as our fingers intertwined, and I felt the touch of her fingers on my pussy lips. Then I gasped as I felt her finger slide along my wet slit, then gently probe it until it slipped inside me. Oh God... it felt so good! 

Her mouth sucked harder on my tit, and her finger entered my little cave, and I moaned aloud. Then she added another finger to the one already inside me, and started to gently finger-fuck me. My own fingers rubbed at my gleaming clitoris, and soon I felt another orgasm building inside me. 

Her fingers became a blur, as she stroked me to my first orgasm at the hands of another woman. My cries of joy filled the room, as I came again and again, until finally I went limp, and her fingers slid out of my pussy. I reluctantly pushed her head gently away from my breast, her eyes were glowing with happy satisfaction, at the wonderful thing we had done.

We both smiled at each other tremulously, and I pulled her up to me, and held her close. I could feel her firm breasts under her clothes, the wetness of the dress where my milk had soaked it. I could feel her heart beating on my glistening breast, then I felt her nipples hardening on me. 

I raised her face and kissed her passionately, while my pussy continued to drool, I almost felt like crying, I was so happy. I was in love .... with another woman yet!

Chapter 5.

Back to the present...

That night, while he was making love to me, I excitedly told Jim about Jasmine's proposal, and a grin came on his face. The first thing he asked, was 'could he practice on her', and I swatted his heaving ass as he thrust powerfully into me. I took that as a 'yes', and moaned in pleasure as his cock-head hit my cervix . 

Afterwards, we had talked some more, and he said that he was surprised that Jasmine had suggested that she be fucked by him... he had always figured that she didn't particularly care for men. 

She was a very beautiful woman, yet had shown no interest in men since we had known her. Perhaps she had lesbian tendencies... and he looked keenly at me as I blushed scarlet, I couldn't help it!

He laughed, and nuzzled my ear, murmuring: "Can I watch, please honey?" and I realised he must have known, or at least suspected, that Jasmine and I were involved somehow, for some time.
