 Previous Chapters

Chapter 1 – Mark has always had a thing for the older, but very attractive, Legal Dept. executive Barbara Taylor. One day he has to install a CD ROM in her computer while she is working at her desk. While she is in the midst of a phone call with her lover, Rob, Mark takes matters into his own hands. The dazed and amazed Ms. Taylor cannot seem to react to Mark's liberty taking until his tongue is deep inside her juicy treasure. When she does finally react, her actions are deliciously predictable.

Chapter 2 – Still dazed from Mark's audacious advances, Ms. Taylor seems determined to find an explanation for the bulge in Mark's trousers. To accomplish this, she in turn takes matters into her own hands – both of them. After all is said and cum, Mark declares to Ms. Taylor that he intends to Fornicate her Under Carnal Knowledge. This episode brought to you by The Whopper and The Big Gulp.

Chapter 3

Mark: For what I was planning now, I went and closed the office door. When I came back and looked down at Ms. Taylor, I couldn't get over how beautiful she was. Her soft, golden brown hair was tousled a little and she sat low in her executive chair. I watched her full red lips move as she talked to Rob. Her skirt was still up around her waist and her incredible porcelain thighs opened and closed rhythmically as she talked. She then, almost absentmindedly, reached up and began stroking and lightly squeezing my cock with her delicate, expensively manicured fingers. She seemed to be trying to get this Rob guy to agree to my very indecent proposal. I wanted to do it, so I decided to push the situation.

Her eyes got big as saucers when I moved between her legs, grabbing her ankles and lifted them up in the air. She wiggled apprehensively as I slowly spread her long sexy legs wide apart. Then I bent her legs at the knees and rubbed her red high-heels against my cock with, as I looked down at her ripe, wet pussy. "Ms. Taylor, you shouldn't be so stingy," I said with a big smile, "You should share your rare beauty with the world."

Barbara: "Rob he's got my legs spread way... oh… wait… no," I gasped as he pulled me around by my legs until my chair was facing my big picture window. My God, all those offices out there! I quickly looked around to see if anyone was watching... Damn, up there in the Hawkins Building...those people were looking! They'd probably seen everything. Now, Mark had switched hands and moved around behind the chair, still holding my legs up and apart giving the people an unobstructed view of my pussy. "Oh please, Mark, no!" I moaned, "Those people... they're looking!"

"Of course they are!" he said, "You have a very beautiful pussy, Ms Taylor."

"Oh, look! I think they really like you," he said excitedly. The people were smiling and waving. I was dying of embarrassment, but I could feel a familiar warm glow begin to radiate from my pussy and I started to squirm in my seat. 

"Mark, this is crazy..." I protested weakly.

"Show them your tits," he whispered as he lifted and squeezed my right breast.

"Oh, no... I can't... Mark, nooo..." I begged, as he began to roughly pinch my nipple through my blouse. I raised my hand to push him away, but my nipples had already begun to betray me. I could feel them hardening under my bra. Instead of pushing him away, I began caressing my other breast and pinching its nipple. Soon, the warm glow between my legs turned hot and began to spread.

"Come on, Ms. Taylor, you know you want them to see your luscious titties," he cajoled. "Look, they're waving... they want more... and so do I," he said, thrusting his strong hand right inside my blouse. I could see he was right. They were smiling and waving encouragement just as if they had heard him.

Mark: I had been holding her legs up with one hand, but since she was now no longer resisting, I lowered them and draped one leg over each arm of her plush executive chair. Our new friends still had a good view. She was mumbling something to that Rob guy on the phone as I fumbled inside her expensive blouse. I guess I got a little carried away. I popped two buttons before I got her front clip bra unhooked and set her sumptuous mounds free. Damn, she had gorgeous tits! I was on my knees sucking on one nipple and rolling the other between my fingers.

"Mmmm… Rob… mmm… he's sucking my… mmm… tit, Rob," she murmured into the phone, "Honey, everyone can… oooooh… see me… see everything… everythinnnnng!" As she was running her fingers through my hair, she put the phone on her shoulder and her other hand headed south to her rigid clit. "Mmmmm…" she whispered into the phone, "They're watching me, honey… all of them. I can see them… oooh… this is soo bad!"

I got up, went around behind her chair and, leaning over, firmly gripped her rigid nipples and pulled them out so her tits looked like teepees. She moaned and wiggled and really started rubbing her clit. "Look, Ms. Taylor," I whispered, "they're watching you. Show them what a naughty little tart you are. Finger fuck your pussy for them."

"Un-uh… no, that's too… nnnnnnng!" she groaned when I firmly dug my nails into her nipples. 

"Just do it, Ms. Taylor," I said evenly.

She was moaning softly as she slipped one finger down over her erect little clit and deep into her wet pussy. 

"More," I whispered, "they want more."

She groaned softly in protest, but another finger soon disappeared. I could now hear her juices being stirred.

"Mmmm… " I whispered, moving the phone a slightly way from her ear so Rob could hear what I was saying. "Ms. Taylor, your cunt is really nice and juicy!" She moaned again, but didn't miss a beat. "Three fingers," I ordered, "Open it up nice and big… for me."

"Ooooh… God!" she gasped as her three rigid digits dove deep, "Mmmmm… yess… mmmm!" Her back was arched up now and she really began humping her fingers. I knew she wasn't going to last much longer at that pace. I glanced up at our audience to see if they were taking this all in. They were, but they seemed to be in different positions now. 'Hmm...,' I said to myself, 'I wish I could get a closer look at them. I think they're really getting in to this.' That's when I noticed one of those brass telescopes on a stand near the window.

I slid the telescope over close to the chair and focused on our friends. I saw some interesting details. They were arranged guy-girl-guy-girl-guy. The girls had very good figures; one blonde, one brunette. The guy in the center was real heavy and looked like the boss. He had his arm around the waist of both girls. The guy on the right was tall, blonde, and good-looking. He was holding the brunette's hand against what looked to be a considerable hard-on. She was not resisting. The guy on the left looked like a bookkeeper, bow tie and all. I could almost see him blushing as the blonde rubbed his crotch… She was rubbing the boss's too. Smart girl.

Barbara: My fingers continued to build an incredible fire down below in my poor little stretched pussy. I couldn't believe how hot I was getting doing this in front of those people. Mark adjusted the telescope for me, and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The big fat guy in the center had his hands under both girls' sweaters from behind and was reaching around groping their ample breasts at will. The blonde had his big cock out stroking it and rubbing it against the window. The tall guy on the right had the brunette's skirt up in front and was deep into her panties as she worked on his belt. Mr. Peepers had one hand up under Blondie's skirt and was stroking himself.

Mark took the phone from me and said, "Rob, Ms. Taylor's been working on her pussy and it's really hot and wet. Listen!" He put the phone speaker on my upper thigh so Rob could hear my pussy juices being whipped up. Damn, I thought, this is so wicked!

Now Mark was cupping my breasts again and pinching my nipples. "Oooh, that hurts sooo good!" I moaned, "I've got to...yes ...nnnn....oh." He was pulling my nipples out straight again, and not gently. Then, he abruptly released my nipples and was looking in the telescope. " Oh... don't stop....mmm...," I groaned as I hurriedly replaced his rough attentions with some sweet torture of my own. I was so close to such a delicious orgasm that I… oh, yes, it was CUMMMMMING!! My body went rigid like a board and I stopped breathing as this marvelous hot wave washed over me… and over me… and…

I heard Rob's voice asking what had happened and if I was all right. Mark said, "She's fine, but she just had one hellacious cum!" He was wiping my brow gently with a handkerchief and asking me if I was coming back. I smiled weakly and nodded.

"I wonder how our friends are doing," he mused, looking through the telescope. "Oh, my!" he said quickly, "Take a look at this!" He carefully held the telescope so that I could see. Blondie was bent over at the waist now, trying to swallow the fat guy's big cock, while holding on to his belt for balance. He had wrapped her long hair around his big fist to control her head movements while he inched a little more down her throat with each thrust. Mr. Peepers had Blondie's panties down and was behind her licking her pussy as her hips wiggled, trying to get more. I couldn't believe it, but the nerd still had his glasses on! The brunette was naked with her tits pressed flat against the windowpane. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open. I could see the big guy behind her with a death grip on her hips and obviously stuffing her pussy. Every time he would thrust deep into her, the flat circles made by her breasts on the window would get bigger like a surprised owl. It was a very weird scene, but it definitely started me tingling again.

Mark: "Well, now, Ms. Taylor," I whispered in her ear so Rob could hear, "Are you ready?". She moaned softly, but didn't answer. "I think you are," I said, as I cupped her breasts and rolled her nipples roughly, "but you're going to have to tell me just what you want."

"Well?" I pressed, "Are you ready for it… for me, Ms. Taylor?"

"Mmm... Mark... I... I really...don't like to say..." she mumbled softly, "well, you know..," I picked up the phone and went around in front of her holding my fully erect cock in my hand. As she looked up at my friend with glazed eyes, I said, "Rob, listen, I think your Ms. Taylor here really wants a good, hard cock fucking." Rob groaned. I smiled and continued. "Thing is, she seems a little hesitant to actually ask for it. But, Rob, you should see her here. I mean, you know how beautiful she is, and she's slouched down in her chair rubbing her wet pussy. She's very ready, Rob!" As I moved closer, she reached up and started to gently stroke my cock. "Oh, Rob, she...mmm... she's holding my cock now! Listen, Rob, I would gladly fuck her right now, but...well you know the EEOC. She could say that I was harassing her and I'd lose my job. Or worse that I had raped her! I just don't think it would be right unless she... oh, yess… mmmm... unless she actually asked me to, you know? Here, Rob, you talk to her." I handed her the phone.

Barbara: "Rob?" I whispered, "Rob...this is so crazy, honey... I'm soo hot, but I..."

"Do you want him?" Rob said in a sort of strange husky voice.

"I...well...well, yes," I admitted quietly, looking up at Mark and gently fingering his big cock, "Are you mad at me, honey?" Mark had lifted my hand and started to slowly lick my sex juices off my fingers.

"You want him to fuck you, don't you Barbara?" Rob taunted, "If you want that big cock of his splitting your sweet pussy lips and thrusting deep inside you, you better do as he says" 

"Oh...Rob!" I gasped, as that image sent a tremor through me.

"Ask me," Mark whispered, "or I'm leaving now, Ms. Taylor."

"Rob... I mean Mark...no... please...," I pleaded, instinctively holding on to his stiffening friend. He couldn't leave me like this! "I need... I mean... yes...YES!" I blurted. 

"Say it, Ms. Taylor!" he demanded.

"Rob, he wants me to..." I whispered, "Well, you know how I hate to say..."

"OK, I'm outta here," said Mark irritated.

"No! Mark, please... OK… yes... please..." I murmured "F-fuck... fuck me." As I heard the words come out and Rob groan on the phone, I felt a sudden release. 'Oh, what the hell!' I thought. I pulled Mark's head down and whispered in his ear, "Oh yes, Mark, darling... fuck me... fuck me hard... fuck me deep with this big thing... mmm." I grabbed his cock and put it deep into my mouth.. "Mmmm... yeff... kummam," I garbled past my full mouth, "fwuk mwe... pweeze... mmmm... FWUK MWEE!!" 

Mark: "Oh, God..." I moaned. That was the second time she tried to talk with my cock in her mouth and the vocal vibrations sent an electric shudder all the way through me!

Regretfully, I pulled away from her, picked her up, and carried her over to her desk. Sitting her on the edge, I moved her laptop and cleared her papers off in with one swipe. Not forgetting poor Rob, I moved the phone over on the desk so that he wouldn't miss any thing. As she sat there on the desk in sort of a daze, I lifted her chin and we kissed deeply. She spread her legs and wrapped them around me, pulling my cock up against her soft, undulating mound. Then, she leaned back on her elbows and raised her legs to wrap round my back. This allowed her to rub her hot, wet pussy lips up and down the underside of my shaft like a hot dog in a buttery bun. She moaned and pulled me even tighter. 

We both enjoyed this hot juicy rubbing for a while, but then, against considerable protest, I unwrapped her legs and held them up in the air and wide apart. God, what a hot sight! She still had her red heels on plus one stocking, and her shapely porcelain legs came together at a pair of beautiful, puffy, dripping pussy lips. Her little clit was standing at attention and, just above it, her soft, soaked, golden brown pussy hair lay matted flat against her mound. She was lying back on the desk now pinching her nipples and rolling her hips with increasing urgency. "Mark... mmmm... come on!" she moaned, "oooh... mmmm... MARRRK!"

"Rob, I think our lady is ready," I said moving my cock head against her throbbing treasure. I inched forward and said, "Rob, her luscious pussy lips are swallowing my swollen cock head right… mmmmm… now!"

"Ohh... oohh... Mark!" she gasped, "It's so… mmm… big!"

"It's OK," I assured her, "just relax and you'll adjust. Just relax."

"Oh, my!" she said amazed, "You're opening me right up, aren't you?"

"Yes," I smiled, "Does it feel better now?"

"Mmmm… yes… better now, " she said dreamily, "God, I'm so full!"

Now, I could feel her tight pussy muscles beginning to gently flex around my cock. "Hmmm… " I said amused, "You're beginning to play with me aren't you?"

"Oh, God!" she giggled, "You can feel that?"

"Sure," I said, "it feels great!" Then, leaning over close to her face I said softly, "You're ready aren't you?"

She looked up at me nervously saying. "Yes, Mark, I am." And then smiling slightly she said softly, "Give it to me…" 

"Yes, Ma'am," I said, "Here it comes…" 

Barbara: "AAAAAAAAAGH!!" I screamed, and almost fainted, as he thrust that monster deep into my poor little pussy. I had never felt so filled… and so taken! An incredible wave of sensation passed through my whole body and I came instantly gushing all over Mark and my desk. After a few moments, when I had caught my breath and begun to come down from that sweet mountain, he began to slowly pull out of me. I tried desperately to hold him with my legs and my pussy muscles, but he was too strong. When his head was just about to leave my lips, he stopped.

"MMMMM!!" I gasped as he thrust even deeper this time. Then slowly out and…

"Oh, God... MMMM!!" again!

"Oh, yes... MMMM!!" deeper!

"Oh, yesss… MMMM!!" m-more!

"Oh, Mark... MMMM!!" yes!

"Oh, oh... MMMM!!" faster now.

"Oh,oh...MMMM!!" oh, yes!

"Oh... MMMM!!" fucking me!

"MMMM!!" oh, yess!

Now he was in high gear, ramming his hot bitch relentlessly and I only wanted more!

"MMMM!... YESSS!... YESSS!... MMMMM!... OH, YESS!... MMMM!… MMMM!... AAAAAAAA!!" 

When I felt Mark's hot cum gush into me, I came so hard everything when black and I was floating around aimlessly in space. After some time I heard faint voices... They were getting stronger now.

"No, no, Rob I think she's OK!" Mark was saying as he put a wet towel on my forehead. "Really...I think she just fainted...wait...her eyes are opening. You OK, Ms. Taylor? Are you OK?" said Mark looking worried.

"She'd better be!" said Rob yelling into the phone.

"Mmm... wow... mmm," I managed weakly.

"Are you OK, Honey?" said Rob.

"Mmm...y-yes...yes... I'm OK, Rob" I said. I felt weak, but warm and tingly all over. I pulled Mark's head down to my breasts and tried to catch my breath. "God, that was incredible!" I murmured and I gently stroked Mark's hair.

"For me, too," Mark whispered against my breast, "It was awesome!"

I smiled and leaned back feeling warm, and whole, and totally satisfied.