 As she let her guests into her apartment, Amanda was struck by how sexually-charged the moment was. Both Jason and Danielle were flushed, as if they'd been getting off just outside her front door. Amanda couldn't imagine how that might be the case, they'd just left the concert a short while before, where Jason was secretly making love to HER. Was he still so turned on from their encounter? It WAS one of the hottest sexual experiences of her life. She looked closely at him. Yes, he was clearly turned on. She could see his long cock stretching to his hip under his jeans. There was a sexual energy in the air that was palpable. 

The two guests entered the apartment, a corner unit with windows along two walls. It was tastefully furnished, not fancy, but comfortable. Big pillows lined the luxurious rug. A balcony overlooked the pool outside. 

"You have a pool. Cool." Jason said, taking a drink from his tequila and seven.

"Yep. And a hot tub. It's locked up after ten but I know a secret way in." Amanda gave a mischievous smile.

"You got it wired. Nice." Jason smiled.

Danielle was looking at Amanda's CDs. 

"I like your music collection," she said, pulling one out from the shelf.

"Put on anything you want," Amanda said. "Some mood music."

"Mood music. Hmmm. Let's see."

She pulled out a CD and plopped it into the machine. A sensuous melody and rhythm poured from the speakers. Danielle began to sway to the music.

"Sade. Nice. I can see what YOU'RE in the mood for," she said with a grin. 

The music played sensuously: "I am in the wilderness. You are in the music"

Amanda and Jason watched Danielle move to the music. Rotating her hips slowly, sensuously. She had full, round breasts and long blonde hair. Her jeans, faded and torn, were skin tight and showed off her perfect ass. She was simply exquisite.

"Come. Let's play a game," said Amanda. She grabbed the bottle of tequila and three shot glasses off the table. The three of them sat on the rug, facing each other. 

"What are we playing?" asked Jason.

"It's kind of a truth game. It's called "Share or Shot". You have to answer a question truthfully or you have to take a shot. If you DO answer the question, then the others have to take shots."

"Okay," said Jason, glancing at Danielle. "I'll give it a try."

"Good. OK, I'll go first," Amanda said. "To show you how it's done. Ask me a question."

Jason and Danielle looked at each other. 

"How old are you?" Jason said, uncertainly.

"No, it has to be something personal," Amanda answered. "You know--revealing."

Jason looked over at Danielle. Danielle spoke up.

"OK, I've got a question." She turned to Amanda. 

"When was the last time you had sex?" Danielle asked with a crooked smile. 

"Good one," Amanda said, approvingly. "Let's see. That would be...about an hour ago."

Danielle raised her eyebrows. So, Amanda WAS telling the truth. She had watched Jason and her doing it at the concert.

Amanda poured the tequila into two shots.

"You guys have to take a shot. Go on. Drink up."

Danielle and Jason downed the brown liquid in one motion.

"OK. Your turn," Amanda said, turning to Danielle. "Tell the truth or take a shot."

She looked over at Jason. Jason spoke up.

"When was the last time YOU had sex?"

Amanda interrupted: "No, no. You can't repeat questions." She paused. "I've got it. When was the last time you...had an orgasm?"

Jason smiled. This was going to be fun.

Danielle looked at both of them with a mischievous gleam in her eyes.

"About an hour ago," Danielle said, matter of factly.

"Wait," Jason said, confused. "But that was..." Jason couldn't figure out how that was possible.

"Interesting. OK, we have to drink." She and Jason downed their shots.

"OK, your turn," said Amanda, nodding to Jason.

She and Danielle looked at each other, conspiratorially. Amanda leaned over and whispered in Danielle's ear. They both laughed.

"OK, OK," Amanda said. "When was the last time you...had a threesome!"

The women burst out laughing. Jason blushed. 

"Oh my god, I think we hit a nerve," Amanda teased.

"I refuse to answer on the grounds it might embarrass me," said Jason, shaking his head. 

"Then you have to chug! Share or shot. That's the rule!"

"OK, I'll take my poison," he replied. He took the bottle and took a healthy swig of tequila right from the bottle.

"So, Jason," asked Danielle, seriously. "When WAS the last time you had a threesome?" 

The women laughed again.

"Well, truth be told," he said, sheepishly. "I've never HAD one."

"Really?" said Amanda with mock amazement. "Well, Danielle, we might have to remedy that, won't we?"

They all laughed and Jason blushed some more.

Around and around they went. Asking questions, taking shots. In a short time, they were tipsy and laughing hysterically.

"Hey!" said Amanda. "Let's go swimming!"

Danielle and Jason looked at each other.

"Um," said Jason, "you know I forgot to pack my bathing suit."

"Oh, you can wear your underwear, prude," Amanda scoffed. "Come on Danielle. You can borrow one of mine."

She took Danielle by the hand and into her bedroom. Jason's head was spinning. What have I fallen into this time, he thought to himself.

"I've got one that would look cute on you," said Amanda, pulling a string bikini out of her drawer. Rather than leave the room, she just leaned against the wall, watching Danielle.

"Go ahead," Amanda said. "It's just us girls."

Danielle started to unsnap her jeans. She wasn't exactly used to undressing in front of strangers, but Amanda had a way of making her feel like they were already friends. 

She kicked off her sandals. She pulled down her jeans, revealing her tight, round ass and the skimpiest thong. She could feel Amanda's eyes on her.

"Cute", said Amanda, approvingly.

Danielle turned to the mirror and started to pull her sweater over her head. She could see Amanda behind her, watching her every move. She dropped the sweater on the floor. Under her sweater was a sheer blouse. She slowly pulled in up over her head. She was wearing a lacy bra that pushed up her full breasts.

Watching Amanda watching her, she reached back and unfastened the clasp on her bra. She slipped it from her shoulders. Her breasts were perfectly shaped, with pink, pert nipples. She pulled her thong down and kicked it off.

"You have a beautiful body," said Amanda, softly. 

"Thanks," Danielle answered. "Now where's that suit?"

Amanda was holding it in her hand. 

"Oh," she went to hand it to Danielle. "Here. Let me help you put it on."

She stood behind Danielle. They were both looking in the mirror. Danielle in her full nakedness. Amanda reaching her arms around her, standing close. 

"You know," Amanda said, "I asked that question but I already knew the answer." 

Danielle looked at her in the mirror, puzzled.

"The last time you had an orgasm," Amanda said, smiling. "I was watching you at the concert. It made me very hot."

Danielle was somehow unsurprised.

"Well, I was watching the two of you," she confided. "And THAT was incredible."

Amanda smiled. "Well, there you go. We have something in common, don't we."

Amanda reached around her, while Danielle watched her, and put the bikini top on. Feeling her hands on her breasts, Danielle felt her pulse quicken. Being dressed by another person was so intimate, so sexy. She could feel Amanda's body against her bare back, her breath on neck. When she had put on the bikini top, it covered Danielle's nipples and not a whole lot more. Her breasts spilled out above, and below, the suit. She looked voluptuous.

"I think it's a little small for you," said Amanda with a smile. She took the thong bottom and helped slide it up Danielle's long, tan legs, her fingers brushing softly against her skin. She slowly slipped it between her cheeks, letting her fingers linger on Danielle's luscious ass.

"Let's look at you," said Amanda, taking a step back. 

Danielle twirled. She looked incredible with big, high-sitting breasts, bursting out of her suit.

"Aren't you going to change too?" Danielle asked.

"Oh, no. I'll wear this and then swim au naturel," said Amanda with a wave of her hand. She reached in her closet and pulled out a terrycloth robe. 

"Here," she said, handing the robe to Danielle, "you'll want this. It's cold."

The two women started for the door.

"Amanda," Danielle said, stopping her. "I like you and I don't want to do anything to step on your toes. If you and Jason are...together. Then just let me know."

Amanda smiled and put her hand on Danielle's cheek. 

"Don't worry about it. The three of us are friends. That's all."

Then she leaned in, kissed Danielle gently on the lips, and walk out the door. 

In the living room, Jason was finishing his drink.

"Come on!" Amanda said as she led them out the side door towards the pool.

Outside, Amanda ran like a gazelle across the darkened lawn. Jason and Danielle followed. They felt like they were in a prison break, ducking from the searchlights. They got to a gate which was locked. Amanda used a nearby tree to lift herself on top of the fence, and then dropped to the other side. Jason followed and helped Danielle over in her flowing robe. He glimpsed her gorgeous body under her robe. Wow, he thought to himself.

The pool area was dark and secluded and they crept stealthily to the corner where the hot tub was located. It was illuminated by underwater lights and was sending plumes of steam up into the night air. Amanda reached down to feel the water.

"Perfect!" she said. She lifted up her kaftan and pulled it over her head. She was completely naked underneath. She had slim hips and pert breasts with small, upstanding nipples. She slipped into the water.

Danielle followed suit, dropping her robe in a heap, and stepping into the water. Jason was awestruck by the two gorgeous creatures in his presence. He could feel his cock starting to stiffen.

The girls were standing in the tub, facing him, their breasts illuminated in a lovely glow.

"Your turn, Jason," said Amanda, smiling.

He could see they were watching him. And it turned him on to feel their eyes on him. Christ, don't get a woody. He pulled off his shirt. His bare chest was athletic, lean, and rippled. He removed his shoes and unbuttoned his jeans. he pulled down his pants and stood before them in only his shorts. His cock pressed against the fabric.

The women waited in anticipation. 

Jason hesitated. He could stay in his shorts or he could take them off and slip quickly into the water. He decided to do the latter. The women watched as he turned his back to them and hesitantly pulled down his underwear. His ass was gorgeous, hard and muscular. He knew they were watching him and it made his heart pound. His cock was hanging big and long, swelling with blood. He took a breath and turned around. He could see the women staring at his cock. He slowly slipped into the water. 

While Jason had cum once that night, while fucking Amanda from behind at the concert, he had not cum the second time they did it. Then, when Danielle was in the car with him, she was so sexy, their conversation was so hot, he got incredibly turned on. He was, simply, still horny as hell. 

Danielle had noticed Jason and Amanda standing next to her at the concert, wrapped in a blanket, clearly doing it. She could see Jason pumping her from behind; she could see the ecstasy on Amanda's face. She watched them for what felt like hours. They kept doing it. Fucking her. Pumping her. From behind. She was screaming. It was so hot Danielle had rubbed herself against the seatback in front of her, while they fucked, until she herself came. But it wasn't enough. She was still so fucking turned on. It was like three hours of foreplay. And now, she finds out that Amanda KNEW she was watching them. Maybe Jason knew too. That made her hot too. It made her long to be fucked. To feel a cock deep inside her. Jason's cock. Stroking her wet, hot pussy.

Amanda, meanwhile, had cum multiple times while Jason was fucking her. She was arching her back, with her legs spread, so he could penetrate her deeply. It felt so incredible. She had cum so hard she was literally screaming out, though no one could hear her because the music was so loud. She found Jason incredibly attractive--his face, his body, his personality. But she was equally attracted -- to Danielle.

Amanda had been bi-curious for some time. It was the real reason she had broken up with her longtime boyfriend. She said she wanted to experience life, but what she really wanted to experience--was women. 

As the three friends luxuriated in the hot tub, their minds were filled with complimentary, and contradictory, agendas. 

Amanda waded over to where Danielle was sitting at the edge of the hot tub. She slid in next to her, their thighs touching. 

"It feels nice, doesn't it? So relaxing. Want me to give you a backrub?" she asked.

"Mmmm, yeah," said Danielle lifting her hair on top of her head and turning her back to her. With her hands above her head, her breasts raised up above the water. Jason watched as Amanda started to slowly rub Danielle's shoulders and neck.

"I don't think you need this anymore," she said, untying the string that held her bikini top. It fell away and Danielle's bountiful breasts were exposed in all their glory. Jason could feel his cock growing longer, thicker.

After a while, Danielle asked Amanda if she wanted a backrub too. Amanda said yes and turned so she was half out of the water. She was glistening from her graceful back down to luscious curve of her ass. Jason watched Danielle move in behind and start to slowly rub her skin. 

Seeing the two naked women, their curvaceous bodies toned and wet, caressing each other...well, it was almost too much for him. He had to sit on the top of the hot tub steps, out of the water, to cool off. Yet, he couldn't keep his eyes off them. His cock, now fully exposed in the open air, had grown to its full length. It was literally steaming it was so hot.

Amanda turned and saw Jason sitting on the edge of the tub, watching them. She whispered something to Danielle and she, too, turned to look at him. They both smiled. He was fully exposed to them, his cock hanging straight, big and thick, hanging halfway to his knees.

"Do you like watching us, Jason?" asked Danielle. "Do you like watching Amanda and me naked? Touching each other?"

Jason just smiled. "That's a loaded question."

Danielle smiled and turned to face Amanda. She reached up and caressed her shoulders. Then she looked back at Jason. 

"Do you like Danielle's breasts?" Amanda asked, gently gliding her fingers over the cantalope sized bosoms. "See how perfectly shaped they are? How the nipples point up? I bet her nipples would get even bigger if I touched them. Can I, Danielle?"

"Ummm. Yes, I'd like that. As long as Jason doesn't mind. Jason, do you mind if Amanda makes my nipples hard?"

Jason gulped. "I don't mind."

Amanda stood behind Danielle. She reached around her and let her fingers slide over her nipples, gently caressing them, and letting them slip between her fingers. As Danielle moaned, she rolled them in the palms of both hands and tweaked them between her thumbs and forefingers. Then she held the underside of her full breasts and lifted them, as if offering them to Jason. Danielle's nipples were reaching out like ripe grapes.

"Doesn't she have beautiful breasts, Jason?" asked Amanda as she played with her nipples. "I think they look absolutely delicious. Don't you think they look delicious?"

Jason's cock was standing up now, rock hard and throbbing. He couldn't form any words. "Uh-huh".

"I wonder what it would taste like to suck them. Can I suck them, Danielle?"

Danielle looked at Jason and back at Amanda. "I'd love you to suck my breasts, Amanda." She looked back at Jason. "You don't mind, do you Jason?"

Jason just shook his head. 

Amanda slowly leaned down and brushed her lips over Danielle's gorgeous breast. Her pink tongue slipped out and found the area around her nipple. She let it slide over the hardness and then her lips were encased around it. She sucked hungrily. Danielle's head tilted back.

"Mmmmmmmmmm, that feel's so good," moaned Danielle. "Mmmmmmmm."

Jason's cock was now standing straight up, completely hard and throbbing. The head was big and bulbous.

Amanda held Danielle at the small of her back and she leaned backward, her breasts pointing to the sky. Her nipples were huge, her breasts pressing upward. Amanda's free hand reached down and slipped between Danielle's legs, her fingers finding the warm wetness.

"Her breast are truly delicious. Oh, Jason. You really MUST try. Can Jason try sucking on your breasts Danielle?"

"Oh, yes" she panted. "I want him to."

In a flash, Jason was in the water and next to them. He took Danielle's arching body in his hands and planted his fleshy lips on her hardened nipple. He sucked it with relish. Danielle moaned loudly.

Amanda could see Jason's erect cock extending straight upward. So big, the swollen tip reached well above the water line.

Amanda slipped behind Jason, her breasts pressing against his muscular back. She reached around and stroked his strong thighs. Then the inside of his thighs. Then her hands found his cock. 

She started to stroke him. Up and down. Slowly up and down. Her voice was soft and sexy.

"Danielle wants you to fuck her, Jason. She wants you to take this big, beautiful cock of yours and slide it into her. Don't you, Danielle?" 

"Oh yes," she whispered. "Yes, I want that."

"Lift her up. That's it. Feed on her breasts. Suck them while I lick her. Mmmmm. Yes."

Amanda's tongue had found the luscious folds between her legs. She was creamy and hot. Her tongue sank deep into her wetness, then flicking her clit.

Danielle was breathing heavily now.

"Fuck me, Jason" she moaned. "I want you to fuck me the way you fucked her."

Jason was puzzled for a moment. How had she known that? Had Amanda told her? Was she aware all the time they were fucking at the concert?

Amanda was pushing Jason to the edge of the tub. He was holding Danielle in his arms. Amanda turned him and positioned him so that Danielle had her back to him. She pushed them gently back until Jason was laying on the steps, Danielle laying back against him, her round ass pressed against his big cock. Danielle rocked her hips so he slid between her cheeks, stroking him.

"I want you to fuck me," Danielle moaned. "From behind. Like this."

She slowly lifted herself up and Amanda guided his cock so it reached between her legs. He put his strong hands around her torso and lifted her close to him.

"Yes, I want it from behind." she moaned. "Like that."

Amanda was in front of the two of them, watching them. Her hand was massaging Danielle's pussy, keeping her on the very edge of orgasm. 

Amanda guided his big cock to her now dripping wet pussy. 

"Yes," Danielle moaned. "Put it in me. I want you inside me." She sounded almost desperate.

Jason slowly lowered her onto his cock. It penetrated her like a hot knife through butter. 

Amanda watched as her glistening pussy encompassed his tool.

Jason started to raise and lower her, slowly, on his throbbing cock. She moaned every time he entered her. Amanda was stroking his muscled thighs, her face just inches away, watching his big cock slide in and out of her wet pussy. It was hypnotic.

As Danielle's moans grew louder, and Jason increased the pace, Amanda grew more turned on. Her hand found her own pussy, sinking her fingers deep inside. She was amazed by how wet she herself was. She put her face right next to his cock as it entered her. Then, her tongue was out. She was licking his cock, sliding it over the length of his hardness as it became exposed. Then, she was licking her clit. From his cock to her clit. Over and over. 
