 I started with the vibrator pulsing against my pubic bone and sending shivers throughout my body. Feeling quite wet and wanting more, I grabbed my dildo. I remembered the last time I used it, walking in front of my building in heels with it being held up by my panties.

I met up with you and kissed your sexy mouth while you checked to see if it was still in. By now, I am soaked and shoving it in deeper, with memories of you shoving it in my ass while fucking my pussy with your large cock. I love the way you hit my G-spot and make me squirt. Wanting more, I found myself fantasizing about you picking me up for a jazz concert. When you arrive you show me a new surprise, a remote control vibrator with butt plug. You lay me down on the bed to set me up for the night. Just your touch has me dripping already. You push your fingers up me to make sure I am ready for this. You have me writhing in ecstasy begging to have you fill me with your cock. You Ignore me and move ahead with your plan. You fill me with your new toys and zap me once just to show me what I have in store for the evening. 

Going absolutely wild with desire at this point I beg you to at least let me suck on your magnificent cock. You couldn't stop me if you tried at this point. I hungrily release your large member from its prison as I lick my lips in anticipation. My fingers circle your cock as I lick your pre-cum off the tip. I then grab on to the tip and suck him as far as I can. I suck greedily, but want more so I have to let go to get my wetness down lower on your shaft. As I suck around the bottom of your cock, I find myself tantalized by your balls waiting to be licked and sucked. I oblige pulling them into my mouth one at a time then move back to your head to slide the entire shaft down my throat. Sucking tightly as I go, you involuntarily press the remote as you feel a wave shoot through your body. In turn, a shock wave is sent through me which only makes me suck deeper and harder. 

I want this meal before leaving and I am not going to let go until you fill my mouth with your warm cum. After begging, you allow me this treat before we leave for the evening. I get into the car feeling full on all counts until you send me another small wave. It makes me want to stop the car and just spend the evening alone. But you are looking forward to the concert and don't want to miss any of it. As we arrive I am so glad we didn't stay home. Walking through the crowd with my pussy and my ass full and this incredibly sexy man at my side, I only get more excited as I feel the music pound and pulse through the very floor I stand on. As we walk down the aisle to our seats you zap me again which almost makes me fall off my very high heels. I grab on to your arm to steady myself as I smile in delight. We sit and the music begins. I can feel the music vibrate through my chair and in turn vibrate the butt plug and dildo inside me. I never felt more part of music in my life.

After the intermission we return to our seats. The empty seat on my right now has a tall, good-looking stranger in it. As the music resumes, I feel you zap me again which by now has me ready to climb the walls with desire. As the next set is thumping through my body, this stranger leans over and grabs my breast while whispering in my ear in detail how he would like to lick me till I cum. Feeling this shouldn't be happening as I am with you this evening I lean over to tell you what just happened. You pinch my nipple and tell me to go with it. 

As I sit back to feel the music, you again zap me. This time it is so strong I reach out and grab both your cocks to keep myself from screaming out loud. I am pleased to find you are both extremely hard and I start to fantasize what it would be like to have both of you in me at once. The music swells and I find myself cumming right there in my seat. As the concert ends, you introduce us to this new stranger and invite him back to our room for drinks; he eagerly accepts. As we unlock the door, you zap me again which makes me scream with desire. We step into the room and by now I am begging you to give me some of your wonderful cock. You pull out our new toys and tease me with the feel of your hard cock pushed up on my lips. I want you in me so bad I can't stand it. But our new friend starts to describe what he wants to do to my pussy with his tongue. You flip me over and shove my pussy into his face while I grab onto to your cock and shove it into my mouth as hard as I can. 

Oh my god! The feeling of being eaten while I suck on your cock sends me writhing and screaming for more. I can't take anymore; I need to be filled now! I turn and push him down while climbing on to his large, firm cock with my ass begging for you to give me all you've got. He is so big I feel full already but as you slide your cock up my ass, I am beyond anything I ever dreamed. You both start to move inside me and I can feel you rub against each other with the thin wall that separates the two. I can feel you both start to pulse in me as you slap my ass and he pinches my nipples. I explode as I feel both of you release inside me and I shiver uncontrollably with my own explosion. Exhausted, I collapse as you say good-bye to our newfound friend and exchange numbers promising to get in touch again.