 Previous Chapters

Chapter 1 – Mark has always had a thing for the older, but very attractive, Legal Dept. executive Barbara Taylor. One day he has to install a CD ROM in her computer while she is working at her desk. While she is in the midst of a phone call with her lover, Rob, Mark takes matters into his own hands. The dazed and amazed Ms. Taylor cannot seem to react to Mark’s liberty taking until his tongue is deep inside her juicy treasure. When she does finally react, her actions are deliciously predictable.

Chapter 2 – Still dazed from Mark’s audacious advances, Ms. Taylor seems determined to find an explanation for the bulge in Mark’s trousers. To accomplish this, she in turn takes matters into her own hands – both of them. After all is said and cum, Mark declares to Ms. Taylor that he intends to Fornicate her Under Carnal Knowledge. This episode brought to you by The Whopper and The Big Gulp.

Chapter 3 – Mark exposes Ms. Taylor in all her glory and she realized what a turn on it is to be appreciated from afar. Then Mark further expands her ready and waiting horizons again and again and again.

* * * * *

Chapter 4

James: I usually starts my clean up in the Legal Dept. at 5:30, 'cause everybody usually gone by then. Once in a while though, someone is working late, and sometimes they is here workin' OUT, if you get my drift. (grin). When I heard those noises commin' from one of the up front offices, I knew which was which. So I done moved up real quiet like to see what I could see.

When I got to the office, I eased open the door just a crack and there it was. These two white folks was really rippin' it in half! I knew the guy. He was a computer guy from the 4th floor, but I didn't recognize the babe right away. Then I figured out she must be one of them uppity-up executive bitches that always looked at me like I was some fuckin' convict or something.

My man was definitely strokin' that bitch and she...man, she couldn't get enough of that little salami of his. She was moaning and groaning so loud, you could probably hear her upstairs. Then, when they went over the top, she screamed real loud and went dead quiet. Computer Man got a little worried at first, but he finally brought her ‘round. They was just resting there together on the desk and I realized that watching all that humpin had made my bone hard as a hammer. That got me wondering was there anything I could do to help(grin).

"You folks OK in here?" I said leaning in the door.

"What the…?" Computer Boy said as he jumped up. 

"Oh, who's tha...oh, Damn!" the bitch said,. She got all spooked and tried to cover up. He finally found her blouse and she pulled it over herself.

"I just heard some noises...." I explained, "I thought maybe somebody..."

"N-no...no...we're OK!" she said, "We're OK...really!" 

Damn, them white women can really blush. Her face was red as a...

"Could...could you please...could you just leave," she stammered, "and... and give us a chance to... well you know!

"Well...," I said moving toward the desk, "as long as nobody's hurt..."

"Nobody's hurt, damn it!" she was yellin’, "Now, please just...just LEAVE!"

I looked at my man Computer Boy and he was trying his best to hold back a big smile. "Well, I'm truly sorry, Ma'am, but you know the management says I should keep my eyes open for anything unusual like, you know? And... well, when I looked in and seen you two going at each other in here so hot and very heavy like... Well, Ma'am, that was definitely… unusual."

"Oh, God...," she groaned hiding her face in her hands, "You were watching us?"

"Well, Ma'am," I explained, "I felt it was my duty to investigate those very mysterious sounds. And, if I may say so, Ma’am, that was some of the finest, hottest fuckin' I seen in a long time!" She groaned again. "My man here was doin some real magic with his little buddy there!"

"Little?" she blurted out without thinking.

"Yes Ma'am, but he done real good," I said smiling at the man, "Didn't he, Ma’am? I mean, just watchin’ you folks got my bone hard as a hammer. Still a little that way now..." I said rubbin the bulge runnin down my leg.

Barbara: God, I was so embarrassed...and angry! I kept my face down and held my blouse over my chest and crotch. I wanted to die! That's why I can't believe I caught myself peeking through my fingers at this huge black man's crotch. I couldn't believe it! He had this huge thing the size of a foot long cucumber running down his leg and straining at his trouser fabric.

"Hey, Lady, you looking at me!" he said surprised.

'Oh, God!,' I closes my eyes and turned away quickly like a little girl caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

"Man, you see that?" he said, looking at Mark. "This bitch was lo-o-o-kin' at me!" He moved closer to me and, pretending to whisper in my ear, said, "He-ey, Momma... you ever seen a big, black machine like mine close up?"

'Oh, God!' Where was Mark? Why wasn't he stopping this? And Rob...?' 

"Come on, Momma...," he smoothly, "It ain't nothun' to be ashamed of. I mean, it's not like a nice, lily-white, upscale lady, like yourself, run across a big, jet black war club like mine everyday... unless a' coarse she lo-o-o-kin' for it. Know what I mean? Heh, heh!"

"Please...ah...?" I said fumbling for a way to address him.

"James, Ma'm...James." he said slowly.

"J-James..." I said softly, "could you please just let us... just let us get dressed and go?" My plea seemed, even to me, to lack any real conviction and I began to feel a familiar tension building.

"I understand, Ma'am," he said in a consoling tone, "It's just that us brothers... well, we don't have a real lot to be proud of, you know? Well, this here is my pride and joy, so to speak, you know," he said grabbing the lump in his pants. "And... well, if I could just get the real honest opinion of a beautiful...sensual white woman like yourself... well... you know what I mean, Ma'am?" I found myself nodding slowly. 

"Oh, thank you, Ma'am" he said with a mocking solicitude. "Listen, Ma'am, why don't you just move down here to your chair and be comfortable," he said, gently guiding me over to my chair. "You can see better from here." he said and then added, "Oh, Ma'am, when he's in this state, I can't never get him out my fly hole. I'll have to just slide down my pants... OK?" he said looking directly at me. I nodded apprehensively and squeezed my legs together to control the building heat. As he slowly undid his belt and dropped his trousers, I stayed very still fighting for control. What the hell was I doing? When he bent over to slide down his boxer shorts, his huge, black, uncircumcised monster sprang up nearly missing my face and flipping a drop of pre-cum over onto my arm. 

He stood there beaming with pride and I just sat there, my eyes wide as saucers, staring at the biggest cock I had ever seen, even in pictures! I couldn't take my eyes off of it. It was like I was in a trance. Everything seemed to disappear, except for James' huge cock! "You like it...?" he asked, "You wanna' check him out, momma? Go head! Just be nice to him...real nice! Know what I'm saying?" 

When I just continued to stare, he leaned over and whispered, "Lady, I'd just love to feel those soft, white fingers of yours wrapped around this big, black, workin' man's cock.. And you know what else, Lady...," he said, pausing for effect, "I think you would like it too." 

I watched as my hand slowly rose to touch it. God, I couldn't even get my fingers all the way around it. James moved closer. Two hands, now, as my blouse fell to my lap. Curious, I slid his huge foreskin back to see his moist cock head. With one finger, I slowly spread his pre-cum around on the surface until it gleamed like a coat of fresh nail polish.

James: "You want to taste it, don’t ya, Ma’am?" I said slowly closing the short distance between us. She shook her head slowly from side to side, but she didn't move away. "Common' now, momma, you come this far." I said, "You don't wanna go home without just a little taste, do you?" I pressed it against her lips and, as they parted, I could feel her teeth clenched together. But before I could say anything, I saw her movin' my cock back and forth across her lips like a toothbrush or somethin'. Then she was rubbin' her face with it and finally up and down her neck. 

"What about those hot little titties of yours, momma?" I said, "They look like they could use a good cock rubbin'." She sat up in her chair, stuck her chest out, and seriously went to work on her soft, white tits with Ole James' special tool. Damn, there is nothin' softer than a woman's tit, I thought...unless o'course its the inside of her pussy. This horny vanilla bitch was rubbin' my pre-cum all over herself. Her nipples were rock hard and her skin was beginnin' to show red. 

"OK, momma, that's enough playing with your own self." I said, "My cock needs you pretty little mouth around it right now!" She looks up at me sorta' fraid, so I smiled and took a handful of her soft hair, gently pulling her to me. Her mouth eased open and my cock head slid slowly past her teeth to the roof of her mouth. She moaned as I gave her a little more, but I could feel her tongue cautiously begin to work on me. I pulled almost all the way out and then back in. This time, as I slid past those soft ruby lips, there was no resistance. "Hell, you beginnin' to get into this, ain't you, babe?" I said.

"Mmmm..." she mumbled.

"I didn't understand you, Baby." I pretended, "What you say?"

"Mmmm.....yeff!" she garbled as my cock went deeper. I looked at Computer Man and he was busy stroking his little buddie. 'Yes!,' I thought, 'this hot vanilla bitch is mine tonight!'

"You ever taste Brother Cum, Ma’am?" I said. She shook her head slightly. "You want to try it though, don't you?" I said, as she slid my head between her lips. "You want more, don't you Momma? You want a whole fuckin' mouthful don't you, baby?" She had me deeper now, workin my head with her tongue. "I asked you a question, Baby!" I said pretending like I was gettin' mad. "You want a big mouthful of Brother Cum, don't you, baby!" I said soundin' tough.

"Yeff... mmmm... pweeve... mmmm.....yeefff!" she moaned as she worked harder now.

Mark: God, what a hot scene! Ms. Taylor was really working this guy's huge cock now. I could almost see her throat bulge on the deep strokes. She had one hand on his cock and the other stuffing her pussy. Her hair was tangled in his big fingers and her luscious tits were bouncing in unison with her bobbing head. James was standing up rigid saying, "Common, Baby, you almost to the Promised Land. That's it, suck me good, momma!" 

Then, he froze, went up on his tiptoes, groaned and came! Ms. Taylor's cheeks puffed out as they filled with his cum. She was swallowing like mad, but he just kept cumming! Soon I could see his creamy load oozing out of her mouth and running down her chin. A big gob dropped down onto one of her tits and, sliding down over the nipple, trailed a thin stream of viscous cum all the way to the floor. The guy wiped his cum off her face with her hair and then told her to lick him clean, which she did immediately.

"What's going on there?" croaked Rob from the phone. God, I forgot all about Rob!

"Who the fuck is that?" said James, somewhat alarmed.

"It's her boyfriend," I explained, "He's been listening since the beginning."

"Shit, you say!" said James laughing, "He was just sitting there, jerkin off while we do his woman? Man, you white folks is really fucked UP!" Then he got a gleam in his eye and picked up the phone. "What your name, white boy?"

"Rob" he said meekly.

"Well, Rob, I gonna put you hot little woman on the phone and she gonna give you some news, dig?" and without waiting for an answer, he handed the phone to Ms. Taylor. "Now you tell the man just what I tell you, understand?" he said forcefully. Then he smiled and added, "Or you don't get no dessert, get it?" Ms. Taylor was in sort of a daze as she nodded to James and took the phone.

"Hello, Rob?" she said as James lifted her hand to his semi-soft cock and she began absent-mindedly stroking it. "Yes... yes, I'm OK, honey... yes... really." When James leaned over and whispered in her ear, she looked up at him with pleading eyes, but got no reprieve. "R-Rob... I-I just sucked James' cock." Whisper "He… let me suck his big… big, black cock..." she said glancing at James’ growing member in her hand. Whisper. "Rob, he says I'm a real..." Whisper. "hot , white... slut." Whisper. "And I need more... more fucking than you can give me... Rob?" Whisper "Rob, he says he's going to fuck me now so you... no, James, I can't!" Whisper. "...so you...so you can hear me being fucked by a real man... honey, I…" she tried to explain, but James grabbed the phone and put it down on the desk.

"Well, Momma, you want to get that hot little pussy stuffed, you better get you ass up on this desk." he said sarcastically. When Ms. Taylor hesitated, James said, "Well, Missy, you do want some o' Mr. Friendly here, or not?" Slowly letting go of James' now hard cock, she got up out of the chair and lay down on her back on the desk. James raised her legs over his shoulders and slid her toward him. He slipped two large fingers deep into her wet pussy lips as Ms. Taylor moaned and rocked her hips. Then as he licked her juices off his fingers, James said, "Well, Rob my man, this bitch's pussy is ready to be fucked!" Looking at Ms. Taylor, he said "Ain't that right, Baby?" 

Barbara: When I just moaned, but didn't answer, he got irritated. He pushed my legs back and grabbing my nipples hard whispered in my ear. It was like I was in a trance. My head was swirling, my nipples stinging, and my pussy throbbing. His hot breathe whispered outrageous things, but I was beyond reason. Whatever this big, smelly, black brute wanted me to do, I would do. I was his!

"Rob...R-Rob," I moaned, struggling to remember James’ exact words, "I...I’m going to let this big, black...big, black, stud fuck me, Rob... fuck me raw, Rob. Rob, honey, I really don’t mean... AAAGGHH!!" 

The head of his huge tool was splitting my tender pussy, but then I screamed he stopped and withdrew a little. "Oh, please James, no! You're too bi...AAAGGHH!" He thrust it in deeper this time. God, it hurts so much! And then again… and again. But despite the pain, I could feel my pussy muscles slowly expanding to accommodate his monster. After a few more thrusts, I felt the pain gradually being replaced by an incredible feeling of fullness and a familiar warmth as my pussy relaxed even further to accept James' huge intruder.

"That's it, Baby! You openin' up," said James. "You startin’ to like James fuckin you, ain't you?"

He was right. Now, I couldn't seem to get enough of him. My hips were bucking and my legs were wrapped tight around his big waist. "Oh, James... oh... mmmm... yes" I gasped, "Mmmmm... oh, yes... that's it... mmmmore... oh yes!"

Mark: I couldn't just sit and watch any longer, so I went over and turned Ms. Taylor’s head toward me. She was moaning and groaning each time James stuffed that telephone pole of his deep inside her. Her mouth was wide open and I watched her reaction as I rubbed my cock up and down her soft lips. She looked up at me with sort of dazed smile and closed her mouth around my cock head. As I slid my cock in deeper, I could feel her tongue and throat begin working on me.

"Hey, Rob!" I said into the phone, "We're both fucking her now! James in her pussy and me in her sweet little mouth!" I could hear Rob groan on the other end of the line. "Ain't that right, Ms Taylor?" I said and put the phone down next to her mouth.

"Mmmm... ohh... mmmm... yeff… mmmm... yeff... Oh… OH!" she gasped.

We were all three getting ready to cum. James and I were pumping her fast now and she was writhing and moaning like a wild woman. James came first and his cum squirted out of her pussy like a fire hose.

"Aaaaaaagghh!" Ms. Taylor screamed as she came, "OH! OH! Mmmmmm YESS! Mmmm Yesss!"

Her scream sent vibrations through my cock and put me over the edge. I pumped a full load into her mouth. She was so far out of it though, moaning and screaming, that she didn't even try to swallow, and my cum bubbled out of her mouth and flew all over the place. In a few moments, it was over and we all collapsed in a sticky, sweaty heap on her desk. 

Barbara: The next thing I remember was hearing Rob on the phone. "Hey, is anybody there? Hey!"

"Yes, Honey, I'm here," I said exhausted. This got the other two stirring. I realized that James soft cock was still deep inside my very sore pussy. He gently withdrew it and smiled at me. "We'll help you clean up here, lady," he said.

"Are you all right, Barbara?" said Rob.

"A little sore, but yes I'm OK, honey" I said softly, "But God, it was… so… so wild!" I lay back down on the desk basking in the raw sensuality of the last hour.

Mark: James and I cleaned up as much as possible with James' supplies. We offered Ms. Taylor some towels to clean up with. She took one, and then waved us off with a dreamy smile and continued talking softly to Rob. As we left, she gave us a faint wave and smile, and then went back to talking to Rob.