 Special thanks to Sexy_Curves for all her help with this story

Back to the present, in the Confessional...

Tommy couldn't believe it. He remembered the party she had been talking about. He'd been there! He'd heard some crazy shit had gone down with some of the girls, but now he had a definitive version of the story. He had no idea Andrea partied that hard! But she wasn't really a slut, was she? 

Tommy was about to find out. "These are grave sins my child. I sense there is more to your story. You must confess it all if you are to truly turn your back on the awful things you've done and be able to truly accept God's love back into your life."

Andrea nodded behind the screen, admitting she had more to share. "Yes Father, there is more" she said softly, trying to decide what sin she was going to confess to next. "One of the next times I was with Julie, she wanted to go meet some friends at a club, and I started to remind her that we were underage. She went to her desk and pulled out a fake I.D. with my picture on it, showing me hers which was already in her wallet..."

Night Out at the Club

"Julie this is never going to work" Andrea protested as she straightened her hair, looking at her friend through the mirror. "We've already gotten busted for possession, neither of us can afford anything else on our record," she added.

"Of course this is going to work," Julie replied. "Trust me. If you'd trusted me when we got busted, and been willing to give that cop a blowjob with me, we'd never have that shit on our record. Serious, we'll be fine. Besides, we're fucking hot, if we just show a little cleavage, they'll hardly even check the birthdate on our ID, much less inspect them to see just how legit they are," she said. "Now, how do I look?" she said, spinning around slowly for Andrea.

Her dress was basically just a red bra with black lace over it, and a tight black dress attached to the bottom of the bra that went down to her upper thighs. 

Andrea smiled when she saw Julie's dress. She took a drink from Julie's flask and went to her closet where she had hung up her dress "It's pretty sexy" she said as she pulled off her robe and slid her dress on and turned around "how about mine?" she asked, walking back to the mirror and putting on a bit more mascara. Andrea's dress was a red halter-top that came down to mid thigh and showed off all her delicious curves, especially at her left hip, where the dress was slit all the way up to where her pantyline ought to be (although she was wearing a little thong that rode high on her hips), and held together by a silver buckle. 

She slid her black heels on and sat on the edge of Julie's dresser as she waited for her to finish getting ready. "So who are we meeting up with tonight?" she asked, looking through her purse for her lipgloss.

"You look so hot, Andi," Julie said, that naughty, up-to-no-good smile on her face. "And we're meeting my sister Jennifer and her friend Christina. They're in town for the weekend from college. That's actually Christina's old ID you've got there. Pretty good, huh? And it looks enough like you to pass muster, I think. They're both 21 now so they don't need 'em. Jenni gave me her old ID, too. Jenni turned into a real party animal once she got to college. Remember how she used to be so goody-goody all the time? I totally wasn't expecting it, but she wanted me to pick up some party favors for her. So I got a little extra for us." 

Julie pulled out her trusty mirror, razor blade, and a drinking straw. She sliced the straw into a couple of smaller ones, each a few inches long, and then pulled out a small bag of that magical white powder. Lines were cut out and snorted, and the rest was dumped into Julie's new favorite toy, a plastic bullet that enabled for quick, discreet bumps of blow just about anywhere. 

"Thanks Jules" she smiled, walking over to her as Julie cut out a few lines.

Julie drove them downtown. They smoked a joint along the way, had a couple more bumps, and the two hot teenage girls were already buzzin by the time they got in line. They were so smokin' hot they got bumped to the front of the line and were let through the door with hardly a glance at their IDs. The place was bouncing, full of energy, lights, people. Brightly colored drinks and skimpy sexy outfits, hunky guys in tight tee shirts. It wasn't long at all before a couple of guys were hitting on them, offering to get them drinks.

The guy put his arm around Andrea, leading her to the bar as his buddy did the same with Julie. Jennifer and Christina were still nowhere in sight, but the night was young. "I'm Stephen," he whispered in Andrea's ear. 

He ordered a beer for himself, some microbrew. "Get whatever you want," he told her, sliding the bartender a twenty to cover it. Julie was already giggling at the attention the other guy was giving her. Andrea's drink came; the bartender had made it strong. 

Stephen had her giggling and blushing by the end of her first drink, and even bought her a second. Halfway through that, he was about to take her out to the dance floor so he could enjoy her hot young body a bit more, but Julie pulled her away and they made a beeline for the bathroom, Andrea downing her drink along the way. 

"What do you think," Julie said. "They're pretty cute. But I've heard it's bad luck to go for the first guys who buy you drinks." They each did a couple of quick bumps of coke. 

"I don't know Julie, they're hot and we can always ditch when your sister shows up, tell them we're heading somewhere else or something. We're just dancing, no one said we had to fuck them," Andrea replied, sniffing back her bumps. 

"You got a point... let's go get our dance on and see if we can't squeeze 'em for a few more drinks!" Julie said, taking the bullet back from Andrea after she got herself nice and high again. Julie took one more before they headed back out into the crowd, and it didn't take long for them to find Stephen and Julie's boy, Jonathan, out on the dance floor. 

The place got more and more crowded as each song played. Stephen had one hand on Andrea's back, occasionally sliding down to squeeze her ass every now and then, his other moving up and down her body, from her smooth legs up her sides, to her neck, her arms, enjoying every little bit of her he could get his hands on. He pressed her against him, savoring the feel of her large breasts crushed against his chest. Andrea slid her hands up Stephen's body to his shoulders, smiling as he grabbed her ass. She licked her lips as Stephen's other hand moved over her body, her thighs, her torso, she shivered slightly as he ran his hand over her neck before moving it back down her arm, slowly working his way back to her breasts. 

She willingly turned around as he grabbed her hips, her ass against his crotch as they danced, her hips moving seductively as he held onto her. She glanced at Julie and smiled when they caught each other's eye.

Stephen groaned as Andrea started grinding her butt into his crotch, her tight round ass moving perfectly with the beat. He couldn't help but slowly get hard as her hot young body moved against him so nice. He pressed her back against his chest and his lips found her neck, nibbling and suckling the taut flesh there, moving up and down.

She smiled at him as he turned her back around, her tits pressing against his toned chest. She nibbled his lower lip as he kissed her, their bodies grinding together with the pulse of the music. Her lips slowly parted and his tongue slid in as he moves his hands from her hips to her ass, slowly sliding under her dress.

She smiled when his thumbs looped under the waistband of her tiny red thong.

His hand moved around to the back and discovered there was basically nothing covering her ass. He squeezed the flesh there, and his teeth bit into her neck, just a little too hard, and now his hard cock was pressing against her mound. He kissed her lips again, his tongue again sliding past her glossy lips, plundering her mouth. He pulled back after a few moments, a naughty grin coming across his face, and then leaned forward and whispered in her ear: "You taste like coke. I've got some, you want a bump?" She nodded, grinning back at him.

Stephen caught Jonathan's eye, pressed a finger against his nose and winked at him. Jonathan was whispering in Julie's ear as Stephen's hand wrapped around Andrea's and he led her off the dance floor, to a dark empty booth in the corner of the club. 

Jonathan and Julie were right behind them, sidling up into the booth next to them. Stephen pulled out a pack of cigarettes, Parliament Lights. He lowered the pack down to his lap, under the table level, and pulled out a small baggie full of white powder and a cigarette. He opened the baggie. Parliament cigarettes have a recessed filter; that is, the cotton filter ends before the last quarter-inch or so of the cigarette butt. It makes a perfect delivery device for anything that might be snorted. Like cocaine. He carefully filled the recessed butt of the cigarette with coke. 

He handed the first over to Julie, the second to Jonathan, the third to Andrea, and took the fourth for himself. As he was putting away his blow, a waitress came over and took a drink order from all of them, and as she left, Stephen said: "Cheers," and raised the cigarette butt to his nose and snorted the fat bump of coke contained therein, and then lit the cigarette, a smile spreading across his face. Andrea smiled, leaning against Stephen as she sniffed a little bit. took a long drag on her cigarette, looking over at Julie.

Julie had that grin on her face that meant trouble. Out of the corner of her eye, Andrea could see Julie's hand wandering about in Jonathan's lap. Stephen put his hand on Andrea's chin and turned her face towards him. Just as he was about to speak, someone had walked up to the table and shouted over the loud music: "There you are!" 

"EEE!" Julie squealed. "Jenni!" 

"Hoarding all the hot guys to yourselves, aren't you?" Jenni said as Julie pushed Jonathan out of the booth so she could get out and hug her sister. 

"There's room for all of you," Jonathan said. 

"We can make room," Stephen said, sliding out of the booth and grasping Andrea's hand. "We're gonna dance," he said, leading Andrea out to the dance floor again and leaving Jon alone with three hot girls. 

More bumping and grinding on the dance floor quickly ensued. Their bodies were hot, energized by the drinks and the drugs and the pounding bass line. He leaned in close to her ear and whispered: "You ever been upstairs in this club?"

She raised and eyebrow and shook her head no. "What have I missed by staying downstairs?" she whispered back, her teeth nibbling at his earlobe.

"Well, the real party happens upstairs," Stephen replied. He nibbled back at Andrea's ear. "Wanna check it out?" he asked her, but he didn't wait for response, instead taking her hand and leading her to the staircase that led upstairs. A wink and a nod to the guy standing at the rope, and they were suddenly beyond the threshold. 

The first thing Andrea noticed was the scent of powerful marijuana. The next thing was a couple fucking in a dark corner booth. The third was a pair of girls making out in the middle of a small dancefloor. Before she knew it, Stephen had sparked a joint and was handing it to her, leading her to an empty dark booth. "I'll be right back with some drinks," he told her.

She sat back in the booth, letting the smoke stay in her lungs before slowly exhaling. She slid her phone from her purse and quickly sent a text message to Julie. "4get what i said abt not fucking these guys. if i dont c u l8r ill get a cab back 2 ur place." She pressed send and took another drag from the joint and slid her phone back in her bag.

Andrea smiled when Stephen came back with drinks, sliding in next to her. She took one more long drag on the join as his hand slid around her waist. She handed it to him and nibbled at his neck as he pulled out his white baggie. She leaned back as he cut a couple lines on the table and handed her a rolled up twenty. 

She held her hair back with her hand and snorted the thick line of coke. She sat back and sniffed a little bit as she handed him the twenty and watched him to his line before passing the twenty back for her to do her last. As she did her last line Stephen lit them both a cigarette and handed it to her when she sat back. She smiled, setting her cigarette in the ashtray as his hand moved to the back of her neck, pulling her against him as he kissed her. 

Andrea moaned softly as Stephen's tongue slid into her mouth. She smiled as his hand grabbed at her, sliding up her stomach to her tits squeezing roughly. She arched her back, pressing her tits against his chest as his hand moved down her side, rubbing her thighs as he slid his hand under her dress. She moved her lips to his neck again as his fingers pressed against the thong that left nothing to the imagination. Her hand moved to his upper thigh, her fingers lightly grazing his semi hard cock as she kissed and nibbled at his neck and jaw.

Andrea moaned softly in Stephen's ear as he slid her thong to the side, his finger moving between her folds, slowly pumping in and out. She continued kissing and nibbling at his neck, her tits pressing against the side of his chest as she moved her hips slightly with the thrust of his finger. 

She smiled up at him as his finger slipped from her pussy and moved to her lips. She looked up at him, her eyes locked with his as she opened her mouth, her tongue swirling around his finger as she sucked softly, cleaning his finger of her juices.

Stephen groaned as he felt the suction on his finger, her tongue swirling around his digit, his mind instantly thinking about those pouty lips being wrapped around his hard cock. He looked into her eyes as he pulled his finger from her mouth. His hand went to his crotch and he unzipped his pants. "You wanna do that to my cock baby?" he asked her, pulling his cock out of his pants. It was long, hard, and thick. "I'll get you another drink and another bump," he added in a whisper in her ear.

Andrea looked at him, her eyes moving to his hand as he unzipped his pants. She smiled at his question as he pulled out his hard cock from his pants. She slid her hand to his cock, her fingers wrapping around it, moving up and down the length of his long hard shaft. She nodded after he whispered in her ear, and slowly moved her head to his lap, licking around the head of his cock before opening her mouth and slowly enveloping his cock inside of her mouth, her lips wrapped around it as she looked up at him. 

Stephen groaned loudly as he felt Andrea's lips and tongue wrapped around his throbbing member, her hot mouth working the head of his cock perfectly. "That's it, girl, work it, oh fuck that feels good," he said. "Yeah keep that up baby, don't you stop girl." 

A couple of minutes later, one of Stephen's buddies walked by, a girl on his arm. "Hey, Steve-Oh, shit, good work man, I'll catch ya later-"

"No, it's cool," Stephen said. He opened his wallet and handed his buddy a twenty. "Why don't you grab us a couple of margaritas." He looked at the girl. "You stay here," he said, enough command in his voice to make it so. His buddy went to the bar, and he directed the girl to sit next to Andrea and start playing with her pussy.

She swirled her tongue around his shaft, moving up and down the length of his cock faster now, her hips bucking slightly as she felt the other girl's fingers slide along her slit, slowly slipping into her pussy, wiggling and rubbing against her walls. She moaned softly, her lips tight around Stephen's shaft.

Stephen smiled as he watched the hot young red-head work her fingers into Andrea's pussy, and groaned again as Andrea sped up her ministrations on his dick. His fingers wrapped around her blonde hair as the red-head slid a second finger deep into Andrea's pussy. He watched her young body move in pleasure, writhing about with her head in his lap. Stephen groaned again, pushing her head down onto his cock now, her lips stretching to fit around him. She gagged again, her chin covered in spit as she looked up at Stephen while his hand slid down the top of her dress, pulling and squeezing at her breasts and nipples. Andrea felt the girl's wet wiggly tongue sliding about on her lips and then pushing her way inside Andrea's pussy.

"Mmm girl you're really earning that next drink and line," Stephen muttered, pleasure roiling through his system as he felt the head of his cock hit the back of Andrea's throat. He loved that feeling so much, in fact, that he pushed her head harder down on his fat tool, pushing it deeper into her throat, squeezing her breasts harder now, and moaning in pleasure as he felt his balls begin to clench. He held her head down on his tool as it started to twitch and spasm, wanting to feel it in her throat and hear her gag on it.

Meanwhile, the red-head between Andrea's legs was really going to town, hitting all of her hottest buttons with every stroke of her tongue, and using her fingers on Andrea's clit. Stehen was enjoying watching her buck her hips quite a bit, and the thought of her hips moving like that on his own cock caused him to start spurting into her mouth, just as his buddy was coming back with their drinks. She looked back up at Stephen when she felt him cum, his hot, thick jiz filling her mouth, coming out of her mouth and nose as she gagged loudly, his hand still forcing her up and down his big, throbbing shaft.

Finally he finished, and he let go of her hair. "Now lick me clean, girl, and then you can wash it all down with that margarita." Andrea nodded, wiping some of the cum off her face, and slowly pulled his cock from her lips licking up and down his shaft. She looked up at him as she cleaned his cock thoroughly with her tongue, sucking if softly once more before sitting up. She smiled as she leaned against Stephen, his arm around her back as she drank her margarita.

"By the way, thanks, Billy, for pickin' these up for us. Maggie here did a lovely job of keeping our new friend Andrea focused," Stephen said as Maggie, the redhead, licked her lips and wiped the back of her hand across her chin, wiping off Andrea's abundant juices. She leaned over and kissed Billy on the lips before taking a sip of the drink Billy had brought her. 

"Oh, she does taste good. You do know how to pick 'em, Stevie," Billy said. 

Stephen smiled a conspiratorial grin at Billy. "You've been saying that ever since I introduced you to Maggie here."

"That's 'cause it's the truth," Maggie said, a bit of a slur in her voice. Her eyes grew wide as she saw Stephen bust out the blow again, as promised, and cut out some more lines.

Andrea kissed at his neck as Stephen pulled out his bag of white powder again. She looked at Maggie as her fingers brushed up and down her thigh. "I'm still horny" she whispered in Stephen's ear, nibbling at his earlobe.

"Well do your line and get out on the dance floor, I'm sure the girls out there will keep you occupied long enough for me to get hard again," Stephen replied in Andrea's ear, handing her a rolled-up twenty dollar bill and nodding at the lines cut out before them. 

Maggie sidled up closer to Andrea as she blew her line, her hands on Andrea's thigh, whispering in her other ear: "I can satisfy you, honey..." Maggie took the twenty from Andrea and blew a line for herself, then handed it back to Stephen and took Andrea's hand and led her out to the dance floor. It was all girls out there; the guys upstairs were all seated at dark booths or at the bar, and the girls seemed to be putting on a bit of a show for them. Every now and then a girl would go off towards one of the tables, and a couple others would take her place. They were dancing for the guys watching in the shadows as much as for themselves. 
