 Special thanks, again, to Sexy_Curves for helping me write this. 

She sat back against the wall, her head against the tile. She looked towards the door when she heard it start to open, her head pounding. Julie pushed the bathroom door open. "Andi? Is that you?" Julie saw her friend sitting against the tile wall. "Jesus fucking Christ, are you okay?" She knelt down beside her. She was wearing a little pink silk robe and nothing else. Julie put her hand on Andrea's forehead. Andrea's eyes were glassy and bloodshot, her heart racing. Andrea looked up at Julie as she walked into the bathroom, not answering her questions. She was shivering despite the fact that she was sweating. Julie held her hair back as Andrea got sick again, puking in the toilet. When she was finished, Julie started tugging at her dress. "C'mon, let's put you in the shower, that'll help you sober up a bit and then you can get a good night's sleep, okay?" Andrea didn't notice that the door had opened again, and Julie's boytoy, Mikey, had come in. 

"Is she alright?" he asked. He was wearing just his boxer shorts. 

"She'll be okay. Here, help me," Julie said, just as she was pulling the dress off Andrea, over her head. Julie turned on the hot water in the shower, let it warm up for a moment, and then she and Mikey got Andrea to her feet. Mikey led her into the shower. She was rather wobbly on her feet so they set her down on her ass, the water rushing over her head and shoulders. 

"Your friend's pretty hot," Mikey said, eyeing the naked young blond he'd just had his hands all over. He'd made sure to cop a few feels as he helped her into the shower. 

"Yeah she is," Julie agreed. "You know, she's so wasted right now, I bet we could do anything we wanted with her." 

"Oh yeah? What do you have in mind?" Mikey said, a grin coming across his face as he dropped his boxers, his cock getting hard in his hand as he looked Andrea up and down. Julie wrapped her hand around his cock. 

"Let's start with something simple. Let's see if she'll blow you," Julie said. 

Mikey stepped into the shower, naked, the water rushing over his toned body, and he stood in front of Andrea. He reached down and put his hand on her neck, helping her up to her knees. "C'mon baby, suck my cock, just like your friend Julie said you would," Mikey said to her, holding his cock to her mouth. 

"C'mon Andi, don't you remember telling me how bad you wanted to suck Mikey's cock?" Julie said, making it all up as she went.

Andrea looked up at Mikey as he held his cock, slipping it into her mouth as she slowly started sucking, her lips wrapping around it.

"That's it," Julie said, leaning over and whispering in Andrea's ear. "Suck on it, mmhmm," she said, and licked at Andrea's ear before her hands moved down to her chest and started to squeeze the blonde girl's tits. Mikey pushed some of Andrea's hair out of her face, holding it behind her head as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock. 

"Mmm, damn, she does this pretty fucking good," Mikey said with a groan, his grip on Andrea's hair getting a little tighter, the water rushing down over their bodies. He started to move his hips a bit with her bobbing head, pushing more of his cock into her mouth. She gagged a bit as his cock hit against the back of her throat when Mikey's hips started moving with her mouth. 

She leaned against Julie when she felt her kneeling behind her. She closed her eyes as Julie's hands moved over her body, one rubbing and squeezing her tits gently, the other moving between her legs, her fingers playing with her clit. Andrea moaned around Mikey's cock, and heard Mikey moan soon after as Julie continued playing with her clit. She sucked a little harder on Mikey's cock, her hands moving to his thighs to keep her balance.

"Oh, fuck, that feels so good," Mikey groaned. He looked down at Andrea, and then at Julie kneeling behind her. "Move up here, and both of you suck on it," he said. Julie kissed Andrea on the cheek before moving to kneel next to her, pressing her body against the other girl so they would both fit in the tub. Julie took Mikey's cock in her hand and started licking it up and down. Andrea moved one of her hands to Julie's. Julie and Mikey both encouraged Andrea to join in, and she did, her tongue sliding up and down Mikey's cock, meeting Julie's tongue occasionally as they worked on Mikey's throbbing shaft. Andrea moaned as Julie continued rubbing her clit, her back arching as Julie started moving her fingers harder and faster.

Mikey groaned in pleasure as the two girls licked his dick up and down. After a little bit of that, he put his hand on the back of Andrea's head and slid his dick into her mouth again. "Mmm, yeah, suck on it good baby," he said. Then he pulled it out and offered it to Julie, who promptly wrapped her pouty lips around it and bobbed her head up and down on it. He pulled it out and playfully smacked both girls' cheeks before offering it to Andrea again. As she wrapped her lips tightly around it and started sucking again, Julie worked two of her fingers into Andrea's pussy.

"Mmm, Mikey, she's so fucking hot and wet, she's gonna feel so good all around that fat cock of yours," Julie said, two fingers working in and out of her. She contracted her pussy around Julie's fingers as she felt herself getting close, sucking harder on Mikey's cock. "Ooh! She can squeeze it too!" Julie squealed as she continued fingerfucking Andrea. Mikey groaned, both at Julie's words and at Andrea's ministrations upon his cock. "Mmm, let's see what happens when she cums," Julie said, and continued to finger Andrea, slipping a third finger in and speeding up her thrusts. Julie started sucking on one of Andrea's tits as she did so, and Mikey started thrusting into Andrea's face, holding her head in his hands.

Andrea closed her eyes as she started grinding her hips against Julie's hand when she added another finger into her dripping pussy. She gagged as his cock thrust into her throat, her body rocking against Julie's fingers, her moans growing louder as she started to cum, her pussy squirting juices onto Julie's hand. "EEEEeee!!!! She squirts too!" Julie said, bringing her hand up to her mouth to lick Andrea's juices off it. "Oh my God, you have to fuck her Mikey!" 

Julie stood up and Mikey pulled his cock out of Andrea's mouth. The both of them together managed to get Andrea up on her feet. They pressed her against the cold tile wall, and Julie grabbed one of her legs and lifted it up. Mikey's hard cock pressed against her used, dripping pussy. He grabbed her other leg and pulled that up, lifting her completely off the floor, keeping her pressed tightly to the wall. He felt her pussy slowly enveloping his cock as he lowered her onto his tool, and he groaned as he could feel how amazingly hot and wet she was after her orgasm.

"Julie," she whispered, "I already did this tonight with Logan and Matt." 

"Three guys in one night!" Julie exclaimed, "that's better than I've ever done!" Mikey's pace picked up. "Yeah," Julie said, "that's right, fuck that slut like she deserves, that's just how she likes it, good and hard!" Julie smacked Mikey's ass, spurring him on, and his cock plowed into Andrea over and over and over again, powerfully deep, stretching her more than she'd already been stretched out that night. "I didn't think you had it in you, babe. Two guys, that's one thing, but three? Damn, that takes a real slut. I've taught you well... looks like I might even be able to learn a few things from you, huh? I guess you had that slut hidden deep down inside you, didn't you, and you couldn't let it out till you got rid of that motherfucker boyfriend of yours."

She closed her eyes when Julie mentioned Josh, remembering what had all happened that night, cheating on Josh, hooking up with a random guy, doing coke, having sex for coke. She thought she might get sick again, but leaned her head back against the wall, focusing back on Mikey.

Mikey kept fucking her hard, roughly up against the wall. He groaned loudly, the water rushing over the three of them, and then his cock began to spasm and twitch inside her, seeming to grow larger with every thrust, and before Andrea knew it she could feel his seed spewing, spreading inside her, mixing with Logan's and Matt's. She moaned loudly, her body tense, her pussy squeezing around his cock as he came, filling her pussy as she started to squirt around his cock, her back arched off of the wall of the shower. 

Slowly, Mikey and Julie helped Andrea find her feet, but her legs were still wobbly so they sat her down in the tub again. Mikey kissed Andrea's forehead before he got out, dried himself off and left the two girls alone. "Feelin better babe?" Julie asked her, sitting down next to her.

She shook her head, leaning against the wall again, her body clammy, her head throbbing even more. "I messed up Julie," she slurred, realizing all of the stupid things she'd done that night.

"What? No! You had a good time, right?" Julie said. Andrea didn't answer Julie. She didn't really know the answer, did she have a good time or was she just wasted and desperate for another fix all night? She really couldn't answer. 

Julie hugged Andrea tight. "I'll be right back," Julie said, getting out of the shower. She dried herself off, wrapped a towel around her wet hair, put on her robe, and left for just a minute before returning with a pair of cute little shorts and a tanktop. "I got some pajamas for ya babe. C'mon, let's get you into bed." Julie turned off the water and helped Andrea to her feet. She grabbed another towel and helped her dry off and get dressed. "I mean, what's the worst you could have fucked up, Andi? Did you forget to take your pill today or somethin'?" 

Andrea turned quickly, holding onto the sink when Julie spoke again. "Julie, I--" she whispered, "I forgot to pick up my new prescription at the pharmacy this morning."

"Oh honey," Julie said. "It'll be okay. You get some sleep and in the morning we'll go get your prescription. And a morning-after pill, just to be safe. Sound good?" Julie was sliding into a pair of jeans and a mid-riff baring tight little top. "The party's still going, I better make sure nothing's broke yet. I'll crawl in next to you as soon as I kick everyone out. Which will hopefully be pretty soon." With that, Julie left, going back down to the party. It would be a while before she managed to get everyone to leave. After all, she had to fuck two guys to catch up with Andrea.

She watched as Julie left, and had a rough time falling asleep, her head throbbing, the music still pumping downstairs. Eventually, she closed her eyes, and fell asleep, and woke up the next afternoon when Julie gently shook her shoulder. She slowly opened her eyes, wincing as she moved her hand over her eyes. "What the hell did I do last night?" she groaned.

"Honey, what didn't you do last night?" Julie said, rolling over. "You were the life of the party! Don't tell me you don't remember, girl! You were a bit of a mess when I found you in the bathroom. You told me you did it with Logan and Matt. And then that thing with me and Mikey... But hey, it was all in good fun, right? Let's get you up and dressed. We need to get you to the pharmacy. That'll teach you to forget your pills." 

Julie and Andrea got cleaned up and dressed and Julie drove her to the drug store, where she was able to pick up her prescription and get the mornimg-after pill she needed after her crazy night. "Maybe we should get you some condoms too? Every good slut needs a big box of rubbers."

"Julie, I'm not a slut," she said, almost a question. "I just had a little too much fun last night," she said as they got out of the car and walked into the pharmacy. She went to the counter and got her prescription as well as talked to the pharmacist for the other med she needed. She blushed, her cheeks growing bright red when Julie came over to her with an economy pack of condoms, telling the tech to add it to her purchase.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of," Julie said, winking at the cute pharmacy tech boy as Andrea paid for her drugs and condoms. "You've got to embrace it," Julie said as they were walking out the door. "And I guess you're right, you're not really a slut. Not yet anyway. But anyway," Julie said as they got into her car, "what's the deal with you and Matt? I didn't think you'd be into a guy like him."

Andrea shook her head as they got into the car. "There's nothing with me and Matt. I was wasted when he fucked me, then I couldn't find you later when I needed another line and I went to him. I didn't have cash and it was supposed to just be a blowjob but he took it a lot further, and that's when you found me in the bathroom" she said, reading the label on the box before opening her bottle of water and taking her Plan B. 

She went back home with Julie and started to help her clean up from the night before. She winced her hand moving to her stomach when she felt herself start to cramp. She had read the possible side affects, and knew she could get really sick but hadn't expected it to. "Julie, I've gotta go lay down for a little bit, this shit's making me sick," she told her, setting the trash bag down, walking up the stairs, going straight to the bathroom, kneeling in front of the toilet once again.

Julie followed her to the bathroom, holding her hair yet again as she vomited. "It's all gonna be okay babe," Julie said. "I promise."