 I was traveling to a pediatric conference in Niagara Falls, traffic was way worse than I had expected. What should have been a pretty easy drive had turned into an event lasting the whole day. 

As evening started to come on I pulled into a rest stop. Grabbed a cup of coffee, and pulled out my lap top. I felt it was best to find a motel for the night, and continue on in the morning.

As I was searching for a room, I found that I was not the only one who was going to be looking. Most of the rooms were selling out very fast. The traffic was forcing many travelers to find a place. Not one to give up I continued my search. Finally landing a room at a small but nice motel, but it was a bit off the road. Well, not much could be done about it. 

I returned to the road and made my way to the motel. It still took a while to get there. I arrived well past six in the evening. Checked into my room, and decided to go next door to get a bite to eat. It was pretty much the only place around. 

It was a quaint little pub with a nautical theme. Fitting since it sat right on the lake. As I scanned the room I noticed it was very packed. I spotted a stool at the corner of the bar, and headed for it. As I got there I noticed a reserved sign. The bartender saw me looking. He came over removed the sign, and invited me to have a seat. I thanked him, and ordered a glass of wine. As I removed my jacket I noticed the man sitting next to me watching intently. I should have thought better about my clothing choice, but it was chosen for the drive, not an evening out. A slightly tight tee-shirt, and sports bra over a pair of yoga pants. The overall effect was comfort, but showed off my curves nicely. I sat down, smiled, and said hello. He smiled back, and returned the greeting. His eyes bore straight into mine, a deep blue that caught me a little off guard. 

He went back to watching football on the television, while I glanced at the menu. Typical bar fair, so I settled on a burger and some fries. Looking around there were many people eating and chatting. My food arrived, and I realized I hadn't eaten in some time. The barman refilled my wine while I ate. Such good service for a small place I thought. I would have to remember to tip him well. 

While eating I thought the man next to me was asking me something. As I turned he was watching the game and talking to no one in particular. His soft melodic voice continued while he watched the game, and I ate. His voice kept reaching my ears as we sat there the certain words permeating my mind. Somehow I found my glass full for a third time. I didn't even know that it had been. The man simply kept talking, but it was soothing to me to hear him talk about "relaxing and letting go. Surrendering to his voice, and giving into my deepest fantasy" At some point my empty plate was removed, and my glass was refilled yet again. The man's voice singing in my ears, a tale of wanton desire that would make me feel exquisite", yet he was no longer sitting there. I didn't see him leave, but I still heard his voice talking to me instructing me to "meet him along the lakefront walk for my desire". I finished my wine, and looked around. Most of the pub was empty now. Wow, how long had I been sitting there. I paid my tab, with a generous tip. Thanked the barman and left. 

I found myself walking along the lake front walkway back to the motel. The man who was sitting next to me was there. He smiled when I walked up, but I wasn't afraid. In fact I was relaxed, and smiled back. He made mention about the beauty of the view. I wasn't sure if he meant the lake or me, but I felt at ease. I stood next to him looking out over the lake, as his voice sang to me again "a tale of bodies in lust exploring the depths of my fantasy." A soft, flowing of words that made me feel very comfortable. It seemed like nonsense at times, but I was paying greater attention to his ... "commands." We were walking again, toward the motel engaged in simple small talk. He seemed to be urging me to "relax and surrender to him, for an evening I would delight in", his voice insistent. 

I learned that his name was Bill, and he was going to a conference on hypnosis. I responded that my name was Kat. He told me of his "ability to hypnotize someone through the use of his voice, and that I would find it interesting". I found it an interesting topic. He continued to express things further, "telling me that I was becoming more relaxed, and trusting." I found myself becoming more and more relaxed, and trusting of him. I was having trouble walking, and he offered me his arm. (Damn wine). He told me "I would enjoy his help, and touch." His touch was warm and comforting on my arm. He led me on in relative ease explaining that "I would want more of his touch in a few minutes." We arrived at the motel with his words constantly instructing me so I wanted to spend more time with him. 

It was very dark where we were standing, but I saw the pool, and a hot tub. I turned to look at him. His blue eyes were illuminating to me. It appeared that he was saying that "I wanted to kiss him." It was getting harder to think straight. For whatever reason, I leaned in to kiss him. A long slow deep kiss that sent electric bolts right through my body. His hands wrapped around me in a strong embrace. Holding me close I could feel him pressing into me, but it felt so good. Our tongue's entwining with each other. Our bodies touching from head to toe. He broke the kiss, and suggested we "enjoy the hot tub since we were here, and that it was a good thing we were alone." He had me disrobe as he turned the hot tub on. Somewhere in my mind I wasn't sure, but found my hands removing my clothing. If felt so liberating to be free of them, giving into the desire I was experiencing. 

Moving into the hot water was even more liberating. It rolled over my bod like a warm blanket. I was at peace and feeling very good. I saw him entering the water, his naked body shining in the small amount of light. His eyes locked on mine, his voice directing me to "see what I really wanted." My eyes moved down his body to rest on his cock. I was at a loss for the way I was behaving. He was standing there like a god, his hardness on display for me. As he got closer I had the feeling of need in the pit of my stomach. He was telling me "how good he was going to make me feel." He came closer, telling me to "feel how hard he was for me", and kissed me again. His lips on mine, pressing into me. I wanted more of him and reached between his legs. The feeling of him in my hand felt wonderful. Long, hard, and full. His voice filled my ears again, "telling me of how good it was going to be fucking me." I knew he was right, and looked forward to it. 

His fingers ran along my stiffing nipples, his lips kissing my neck. I was in a daze from the feelings he was causing. His hard cock in my hand, I was stroking him lightly. His voice ringing in my ears with his commands, "that I would enjoy feeling a cock where ever it was put." Looking into his eyes he told me "he knew what my deepest fantasy was, and that they were going to give it to me." His lips found my 36c breasts, and nipples. He took my nipples into his mouth one at a time, sucking them. Making them harder and harder. Telling me to "relax and let my body enjoy what it wanted." His fingers found my clit, circling it without touching. He said to "open my legs wider, and let him please me." My legs opened as if on their own wanting to feel him deeper. My nipples were being well taken care of, my mind relaxed, my body on fire. My pussy in deep need, as his fingers slid into me. Bill's fingers moving deep inside me, thrilling my body to no end. My desire was rising. His voice found my ears yet again, telling me "he was going to make my fantasy come true." "That he was going to allow me to have two men at the same time as I wanted." I don't remember telling anyone that fantasy, but he was going to give it to me. How could he have known. 

The surface of the water was broken by a pair of legs on either side of me. He told me that "Jason would be joining us and that I was going to have my dream come true." I leaned my head back to see the barman smiling down at me. Jason's hands came down on my tits, manipulating my nipples. Twisting and tweaking them to raise my inner heat even more. The fingers in my pussy, and on my tits were driving me crazy, hitting all the right spots. His voice telling me "to let go and have what my body truly wanted." My body was well over its threshold. I came for the first time, shuddering in response to the hands making me feel so good. 

Bill told me that "Jason was waiting for his tip. That I should turn around and give it to him, and that the service should be the best I could give." I found myself kneeling on the bench with a hard cock right in front of me. I knew what I was supposed to do, but I heard, "Suck it." I ran my tongue around his thick head, and along the underside teasing and tasting him. He had a fairly large, almost 9" and thick cock, but it was very nice. I wrapped my lips around him, and slid him into my mouth. The size was forcing me to open further than I thought I could. I was instructed to "relax, and take it all, that it would be better." The deeper I took him, the better it felt. Working my mouth up and down his length was making me wetter. I was enjoying the feel of his big cock in going in and out of my willing mouth, when I felt Bill push his cock into my pussy. Oh what a feeling I had at that moment. My fantasy of two men was coming true. My rising desire was on full force making me the wettest I've ever been. Bill pushed in until I felt his balls slap against me. I filled my mouth with Jason as Bill filled me. Ecstasy!

As Bill pulled out and drove back into me, I did the same with Jason. Bill's cock slamming into my pussy, while I swallowed Jason's into my mouth. Both cocks moving in and out together, in unison. Full then empty, full then empty. Somewhere my mind was screaming, "(What are you doing)", but I ignored it and gave into the pleasure of my fantasy. Full then empty, full then empty. The cocks doing a number on me, my desires brought forth in orgasm for a second time. Regaining some composure I felt Jason stiffen in my mouth, knowing what was to happen I took him as deep as I could, and he exploded in my mouth. Trying as best I could to swallow it all, but to no avail. He had too much, and it dribbled around my lips and down my chin. During this time Bill tensed and blasted his cum in me from behind, filling my pussy. Grunting, and groaning as they satisfied themselves. I lay my head in Jason's lap letting my body relax, as Bill moved slowly inside me. 

I felt fingers cleaning me both inside and out. Jason's strong hands lifting me out of the water, and carrying me. My body was relaxed, and content. I was placed on a lounger, with a man on each side of me. They both attached their lips to my tits, and their fingers played along my body exciting me again. I was lost in my fantasy of two men, enjoying what I was getting. They continued to manipulate my desires, my mind, and my body. His whispers came again explaining to me "that was just the first round, and more was yet to come." It seems we had not finished for the evening according to them. I was not up to arguing with them. It felt to damn good. The soft comforting voice was back in my ears telling me "it was time for them to switch places and get what I really wanted from my fantasy." I was beyond complaining and in heaven.

Jason lay down on the lounger as Bill helped me sit down on his big cock. He entered me stretching me open and it felt awesome. Filling me up like I've never felt before. Bill offered his cock to my mouth and I took it like I was starving. Bill's cock was not as long but not by much being around 8" long, and almost as thick. Riding Jason's cock as Bill's filled my mouth. Rocking on such a large cock was pushing my needs further and further. Bills cock in my mouth, his voice in my mind telling "me how good I was doing." And "to open up to the best possibilities of my fantasy." Jason's cock working deep inside me hitting spots and desires I didn't know existed. Bill vacated my mouth leaving me with an empty feeling. I felt him behind me, his voice instructing me "to relax and open up to my deepest fulfillment." My mind was swirling as I felt him push his cock into my ass. His voice directing me to "open up so that I could enjoy the real pleasure of my two man fantasy." I didn't even know I had this in my fantasy, but he was right. It was a fantastic feeling that I wanted. 

They settled into a nice easy pace of one in while the other was out, but I wanted more. Something about how they were fucking me left me empty and unfulfilled. I begged them to fuck me harder. To fill me at the same time in order to get the maximum pleasure from the experience. They responded by driving both of their cocks deep into me hard as they dared. Jason was a jackhammer, Bill a nail gun. Their cocks going deep and hard on each thrust. I felt myself building toward my third and biggest orgasm of the night. 

Deeper and deeper, harder and harder. They were banging both my holes driving my desire and pleasure. They were both grunting and groaning like madmen, I was moaning loudly. All of us were well of the verge of orgasm. No turning back now. "Please" I begged, "Fuck me harder." They responded by forcing me deeper and harder onto their cocks. Fucking me like I had never been fucked before. Jason pulled me into a kiss in order to silence my screams. I still screamed, just into his mouth. The cocks fucking me into the hardest orgasm I've ever had, as the two of the came deep in my receptive holes. We all had deep powerful orgasm's that left us exhausted but fulfilled. 

I awoke with the sun early the next morning in my room sore but satisfied. I showered, had a quick breakfast, and checked out of the motel. As I drove by I looked for cars at the pub, but it was empty. Did last night actually happen, or was it just a dream. My body told me it was real, my mind told me it was a dream. Either way, I was a very happy lady.