 My name is Kirsten. For those of you who have not read about my other adventures, I'm twenty-five years old, and I have begun exploring my sexuality being newly unattached. I'm 5'2" about 135 lbs with reddish hair, 32C, and nice curves. Men find me attractive, but I'm not a model by any means. I like to think of myself as the cute, girl next door type. I like kickboxing workouts, running, and biking when I have time. 

Since my job requires frequent travel, I have had a lot of opportunity to try new things without fear of being recognized. As a result of my new experiences, I was figuring out what really turned me on. Sex in public places was clearly very hot, and I was very turned on by being taken by more than one guy at a time. I was also discovering my submissive side. I liked being told what to do.

Last fall, I attended an industry conference being held over a long weekend. 

On the final day of the conference, Saturday, I met up with some people I had met during the course of the weekend. I was the youngest in the group. Dan and Sherri were married, both in the field, and they had come to the conference for work and for a weekend out of town. In their early 50's, they were the oldest in the group. Jean was in her mid 30's or so and also single. Brad, Gary, and Drew were in their 30s from companies that were set up in the exhibition hall, and Tom was with the hotel conference staff. He was mid 40's I think. Everyone was fun, easy to talk to, and we all got along great. We all had a couple drinks in the hotel bar, then Drew suggested we head up to the hospitality suite that his company had sponsored. All of us hit the suite, and we sat around talking, laughing, and having a few more drinks.

Around 9:00 pm the hospitality suite was closing down, so the group started to split up. Dan and Sherri called it a night, and headed off to their room. Jean begged off as she had to be up early to make her flight, and Tom said he had to attend to some stuff for the hotel. Before they left, we all exchanged contact information, and Brad, Gary, Drew, and myself were left standing in the hall. 

The guys were not ready to call it a night, and I had a pretty good buzz going. We decided to hit the hotel bar for last call; however, the bar was closing up. Gary piped up suggesting we go back to his room as he had beer in the fridge. The guys agreed, and looked to me.

"Sure" I said. These guys were cool, and they had been fun all night. I was a little drunk which coincided with some emerging sexual feelings. Ever since the threesome over spring break last year, and the adult bookstore adventure, I had been fantasizing a lot about group scenes. Although nothing was being said, I knew what was on their mind, and I knew if I wanted something to happen it would.

We headed off to their room, laughing and stumbling to the elevator. 

Once in the room, Gary handed me a beer, and I sat down on the bed. Brad sat down on one side of me with Drew and Gary taking the chairs. Gary had the TV remote, and clicked on the TV. 

He flipped around a bit, then stated that there was nothing on.

"Unless you hit the porn channel!" Drew laughed.

Gary and Brad laughed looking over at me. I just shrugged, "I'm in."

Gary pulled up the adult movie guide, "Here's a good one."

The movie started playing. The guys laughing nervously, not sure about my reaction. I just took another drink of my beer watching as the opening scene started. No one said anything, and the silence was really getting a little awkward. Not knowing what else to do, I announced I needed to use the bathroom. I splashed a little cold water on my face and looked into the mirror. I fixed my hair, refreshed my lipstick, and flushed the toilet. When I got back the TV was turned off, and the guys were talking in lowered voices. 

I asked in my best innocent voice, "No more movie?"

Drew cleared his throat and stated that it was too hard to watch porn with an attractive girl sitting right there in the room. Too frustrating. I smiled, and did my signature move, brushing back a bit of my hair back to tuck it behind my ear. 

"I wouldn't want anyone to be too frustrated" I teased.

Gary hesitated, "Are you still in?"

I swallowed hard, my courage threatening to fade now that push had come to shove. I simply nodded. 

The guys stared as I pulled my dress over my head. I'd have to say that they looked stunned as I stood in front of them in my my sexy Vicki Secrets bra and panties, blushing from head to toe. 

Gary gulped, and barely whispered, "The rest."

I unhooked my bra, dropped it to the floor, and pushed my panties over my hips letting them fall to the floor.

The atmosphere was electric as the guys took in my naked body. My head hung down letting my hair flow over my shoulders and down over my breasts. I let my arms drop to my side so the guys could see my shaved, waiting, moist pussy. 

"Damn..." I heard someone gasp.

I was quickly pulled down between Gary and Drew. They pushed me onto my back with Brad standing at the end of the bed between my legs. I moaned as two sets of hands reached out and started to caress my tits. My nipples were painfully stiff, sending electric currents shooting throughout my body as they were roughly pinched. The guys on either side massaged and kneaded my tits as I shut my eyes and moaned.

My legs were pushed apart, and I looked down to see Brad getting on his knees, his head disappearing between my quivering thighs.

I let my head fall back as I felt a warm wetness on the inside of my thighs, slowing working its way up to my pussy. I moaned again, and closed my eyes as Gary took a nipple into his mouth and Drew planted soft kisses on my neck.

Brad had reached my pussy, and his tongue lightly licking my clit was sending me straight in to heaven. I began slowly writhing on the bed, arching my pelvis up to meet his tongue as the other guys continued to manhandle my tits. I didn't last long before the first orgasm of the night ripped through my body. The guys held me down as I bucked wildly under the unrelenting assault from Brad's tongue. Finally, my orgasm played out, and the tension drained from my body. Brad stood up, and placed my legs over his shoulders. 

His cock slowly pushed into my dripping pussy. I drew back my legs as much as I could to give him total access, and I sighed as he sunk deep into me. My head was turned to the side, and as I opened my mouth in a long sigh, Drew pushed his cock into my mouth. Gary continued his assault on my tits while Brad and Drew fucked me.

Brad's dick was hitting all the right places, and I was slowly building to another orgasm. I starting moaning around the cock in my mouth, and I rolled into a another orgasm followed by a number of smaller spasms that had me shaking and groaning. Gary backed off as Brad pulled out and shot a load of cum that sprayed over my stomach and onto my tits. Drew held my head tightly to keep me from pulling away as his cock began to spasm shooting it's load into my mouth.

The guys rolled off onto the bed, as I lay there gasping. Gary took my hands placing them on my tits, making me rub Brad's cum into my skin. I just laid there, trying to recover, rubbing my stomach and tits as the others caressed me. 

Gary got off the bed, and pulled me to my feet, "Come on Kirsten, the party's just getting started."

He pushed on my shoulders, "On your hands and knees".

I dropped to the ground on all fours as Gary moved behind me. He wasted no time plunging roughly into my freshly fucked pussy. I groaned as he pounded me hard and deep. Brad knelt in front of me rubbing his cock on my lips, "Suck it". I obediently opened my mouth tasting my own juices on his cock. That reminded me of my bar boy encounter sending new waves of lust shooting through my body. I sucked eagerly, as he held my head in his hands ramming into my mouth over and over. The guys were relentless and rough, and I was enjoying every second.

Suddenly, the door opened, and Tom walked in followed closely by Dan. Tom had a massive shit eating grin on his face as he looked at Gary on the floor pounding my pussy, "Thanks for the text bro! Looks like a party!"

Dan laughed, "Where's Jean...I'd love to see that shit naked.."

In between his own grunts, Gary spit out, "Texted her. Tried to talk her into it, but she declined..."

I was incredibly embarrassed caught on my hands and knees getting fucked at both ends, and I blushed from head to toe. However, the familiar tingling in my pussy was beating back the protest that had arisen when the other two walked in. I had agreed, by not disagreeing, to the scene with three guys, but five? And one of them old enough to be my father? I was having second thoughts about that. However, I was really in no position to protest, and those feelings were not allowed to last long. 

Brad pulled out of my mouth, and rubbed his slick cock on my face, "Kirsten doesn't mind, do you Kirsten? She likes being slutty, don't you baby?"

In between the groans and grunts brought on by the pounding I was getting from Gary, I managed to gasp, "...yes...god...yes..."

Brad pulled my head up by my hair and looked into my face, "Tell them how much you like it, tell us what you want." He hissed.

I moaned as Drew reached underneath and started rubbing my clit vigorously while Gary continued to fuck me, "...yes...I am a slut..I love it...fuck me...please...all of you...just fuck me..."

Brad laughed and thrust his cock back into my mouth. I groaned and tried to keep from gagging as he tried to force his dick in deeper, my body rocking back and forth between the two men. I could see the other two guys getting naked, and I whimpered knowing what was going to come. I was still nervous, but I also incredibly turned on, and I was on the edge of cumming again. I really needed to get off no matter what it took. 

Drew continued rubbing my clit, and I started shaking, and quivering, and I knew I was close to cumming. I was just tipping over the edge when I felt a wet finger against my anus. I had never had anyone touch me there, and I wanted to protest, but Brad's cock was buried deep in my mouth. I was so close to another orgasm it was painful. The finger worked in and ass of my ass as I tried to make some kind of protest. My mind was saying "No...not that...", but my body was not listening at all. I felt another finger work its way in next to the first causing me to groan as my sphincter was stretched even further. . 

Meanwhile, my orgasm was building to the point of no return. Suddenly, two fingers plunged deep into my ass causing me to fall over the edge. I came hard. Really hard. My mouth stretched wide open in a howl that was muffled by Brad's cock as he took the opportunity to push in almost to his balls. His cock twitched, and he grabbed a handful of hair pulling me close to him as he began to cum. I tried my best not to gag as I tried to swallow his load. I just keep swallowing and sucking as aftershocks from my massive orgasm swept through me. Brad pulled out, and I dropped my chest to the floor, ass in the air as my orgasm subsided. Gary was settled into a smooth, consistent pace, and he just kept fucking me holding my hips to keep me from collapsing to the floor.

Drew was caressing my butt with one hand, two fingers fucking my ass with the other. I quivered and moaned as I tried to recover, "I think she likes it in the ass guys"

I just moaned, and tried to protest, "...I don't know...guys..."

My pussy was empty all of a sudden as Gary pulled out, and I looked back as the guys got up, and grabbed my arms.

Tom was sitting on the bed when I was pulled off the floor, "Bring her over here" he demanded.

I was escorted on shaky legs over to the bed, and Tom told me to straddle him. As I eased myself down onto his cock a low purr escaped my mouth. I couldn't believe it but I was ready to be fucked again. I needed to be fucked again, I need to be filled with rock hard cock. He just laid back as I started a slow grind on his dick. Feeling hands on my ass, I looked back to see Gary standing behind m.

"...Gary...wait..." I moaned as his fingers again found my asshole.

He pulled my head back, and whispered in my ear, "Relax baby...remember you are all in...no stopping now..."

Tom held my hips steady as Gary poured something cold and thick on my asshole. He starting working his fingers into my ass as I moaned and weakly pleaded again for him to stop. He just laughed as he positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to my ass. I buried my head into Tom's neck as the Gary slowly but insistently pushed into my ass.

"GOD...please...easy...wait...oh god..." The words spilled from my mouth in short bursts as the cock slid deeper into my ass. "...Wait...oh god...its so big..."

Beads of sweat formed on my forehead, and my breath came in ragged pants. Tom held my head hard against his neck, my words muffled. Gary was about half way in, and he stopped to let me get used to having a cock in my ass. Slowly my ass stretched, and the pain was not as intense. I felt incredibly full with a cock in each whole, and I started to relax a bit. 

I felt Gary slowly pulling back, and then I felt Tom nod. Gary slammed his cock all the way in, his balls slapping against my ass as I screamed, and tears filled my eyes. The guys held me tight, and Dan and Brad were sitting on each side of us, caressing any bit of flesh they could find. They just held me there for a minute letting me calm down. The pressure and receding pain, the fullness of a cock in my ass and my pussy pressing against each other was set off by the soft, delicate caresses. I came again. Hard. Spasming and moaning and groaning and begging to be fucked. 

I was a babbling mass of flesh as Tom and Gary began to fuck me trying to establish a good rhythm. Tom laughed as I moaned so loud anyone in the hall much have been able to hear.

"Someone needs to quiet her down" Tom laughed.

Dan got up on, and stroked his cock as he turned my face toward his crotch, "Gotta get this slut airtight. Damn I wish Sherri got into this shit!"

I opened my mouth to groan, and his cock slid right in. I tried my best to suck on him as I was getting pummeled, but it was hard to concentrate on giving good head. I just tried to keep my mouth open as Dan face fucked me. 

Gary didn't last long, and I felt his thick, hot cum shoot into my ass as he plunged in deep. He held his dick deep as he finished, and then he pulled out with a loud pop. I wasn't allowed any relief as Dan pulled away from my mouth and took Gary's place. 

"Always wanting to fuck a bitch in the ass", he grunted as he started pounded my asshole.

My eyes were closed tightly as I tried to handle the new anal assault so I didn't know whose cock was pressing against my lips. I just opened my mouth and started sucking.

I heard Drew laugh, "Damn, what a slut!"

I opened my eyes to see that Gary was the one getting his dick sucked. I felt an initial wave of revulsion as I realized that he had just been in my ass. He didn't let me pull off, so I just kept sucking, cleaning off his dick with my mouth. Tom was fucking me harder now, and he finally shot deep into my pussy, and Dan shot another load into my ass. Gary pulled out of my mouth and rubbed his cock on my face. 

Dan rolled off me, and I rolled off of Tom. I was panting, sweating, and still quivering. My pussy was sore, and my ass was sore. I groaned as I felt my legs being pressed back. Brad was between my legs, pushing against my asshole. 

I just groaned, "I don't think I can..."

Brad just smiled, "Not going to let this opportunity go to waste baby..."

He slammed into me, and I was too weak to do anything but moan as my ass was pounded one more time. The others watched as I was ass-fucked. I was getting aroused again being watched, but Brad didn't last very long. He filled my ass with a third load, and he pulled out leaving cum oozing out of my ass as I tried to catch my breath.

I woke up sometime early, early morning. Tom and Dan were gone, Gary and Drew were passed out in chairs, and Brad was asleep on the bed next to me. I was still naked, and I was sore and a bit hungover. I quietly got up, pulled my dress over my head, and gathered up my things. I silently left the room, and made my way back to my own room. 

I collapsed onto my own bed, feeling used and a little dirty. But I drifted off to sleep, a big smiled crossed my face.