 Special thanks to Sexy_Curves!

*

Julie put the car in park and reached across and hugged her friend. "I'm so sorry baby," she said, "that was awful what they did to you in there." 

She kissed Andrea's cheek and then reached into the backseat, pulling a duffel bag off the floor. "I've got an overnight bag with a couple changes of clothes. Good thing we left our purses in the car, huh?" She pulled out a couple pairs of blue jeans and a couple of tank tops. The girls were the same size and often wore each other's clothing. Once Julie had gotten her jeans and shirt on, she reached into her bra and pulled out her cash, and started counting it. "Almost four-hundred bucks," she said. "How'd you do?"

"Shit, Julie it was fucking terrible," she said, her voice shaky. "He handcuffed me and fucked me in the pussy and ass, then gave me to a bunch of those bitches. They beat me up and then made me go on stage," she said, holding her ribs. "And he made me pay him to rape me," she said crying again. "Julie I had like $400 too, but he took everything."

"Jesus, Andrea, that's terrible!" Julie hugged her again, tight. "Oh my God, girl, I'm so sorry, we never should have come here." She squeezed her tight again. 

"It's my fault Julie," she said as they drove across the city. "I never should have told the guy I'd fuck him. It's what started all of this," she said, looking into the mirror and trying to wipe at the caked on makeup staining her face.

"Let's go. Here, I'm gonna call my guy, we'll get some more weed and some coke and pick up a handle of vodka and help you forget all of this. That's so fucking wrong, I can't believe he did that," Julie said, shaking her head. She pulled out her cell phone, made a call. "Gary? Got some goodies for me? Same as last time? Yeah? Where? Okay, I can be there in twenty. Bye." 

Julie drove them across town, pulled into a bar parking lot, went around to the back. There was a guy leaning against a car, smoking a cigarette. She pulled up right next to him, rolled the window down. He looked around, saw the coast was clear, bent over next to the window. 

"Here ya go, same as last time," Gary said with a smirk. 

Julie handed him a wad of cash. "Thanks." 

He grinned at her, then looked at Andrea, raised an eyebrow, looked back at Julie. "Your friend okay?" 

"Yeah, she had a rough night. That's what all this is for." 

"I got ya. We should party sometime. I'm having a bash next weekend." 

"Sounds fun," Julie said. "Call me." They drove off, heading back to Julie's place.

Julie's made one more stop before they got back to her place: the liquor store. She went inside and used her fake ID to get a bottle of Absolut and a bottle of cranberry juice. She came back out to the car. 

"Thanks Julie. this is just what I need tonight" she said as Julie drove back to her house.

"Oh, hey, I found this with my money." She handed Andrea a business card and a plastic card with a magnetic strip. "That Russian guy, remember? Wonder what he wanted us to do for some 'real money'? He was kinda creepy, but I wasn't gonna make him mad and not take the card, right?" The business card just had his name, Vladimir, and a phone number on it. 

Andrea slid them into her purse. "Yeah, he was pretty creepy," Andrea said, remembering what he had said about real money. "Maybe it's a good thing we didn't head that way," she said.

They got back to Julie's and went inside and up to her room. Julie helped Andrea clean all the makeup off her face and then she rolled up a joint while Andrea started cutting out some lines of cocaine. They each threw back a shot of vodka, and Julie sparked the joint up, and they each did a couple of lines. 

Julie flipped on her little TV. She took a few puffs on the joint and handed it back to Andrea, sipped at her cranberry and vodka. She was worried about Andrea; she couldn't believe she had actually offered to fuck a guy for money! It was one thing to screw around and have a good time, because sex was supposed to be fun, dammit. But doing it for the cash? She shook her head, and then snorted another line. After Andrea did one, the girls were chatting a mile a minute, their heads all spun from the blow and a bit lightheaded from the booze and weed. Finally, the question that was eating away at Julie popped out of her mouth: "You're not gonna call that big creepy Russian, are you?"

She looked at Julie and shrugged, holding in her lung full of smoke before blowing it towards the window. "I dunno girl, that guy was obviously filthy loaded, and what's wrong with getting some spending cash doing something I'd probably be doing during that time anyways?" she asked.

"What's wrong with it?" Julie asked, incredulous. "It makes you a fucking whore, that's what's wrong with it," she said, and gulped down her drink. "And it obviously gets you into all kinds of trouble. We could have walked out of there with a thousand dollars between the two of us if you hadn't fucked it all up!" Julie said, standing up from the bed and grabbing the bottle of vodka. She took a swig from it, then turned on Andrea. "We could still be there right now, having fun, maybe getting off a little bit, but no, somebody had to get us kicked out!"

Andrea stared at Julie as she answered her. "I'm not a fucking whore," Andrea said trying to defend herself. She finished her drink and took the bottle back from Julie, filling her glass with vodka. "And if we would have gone to Vladimir's hotel room, we could have at least another grand." She got off of Julie's bed and grabbed her clothes, packing up her bag that she'd brought earlier in the day. "Don't fucking blame me Julie," she said. "Fuck this, I'm going home," Andrea said walking out of Julie's room. 

"You are a fucking whore! I can't fucking believe you! What the hell is wrong with you?" Julie shouted after her as she went out the door. "You can have the fucking Russian! And don't come crawling back to me when he does awful things to you!"

"Don't worry Julie, I don't need a fucking slut to help me spend the cash I'll get from him, I can take care of that on my own" Andrea said as she slammed the front door. She went outside and sat on the porch, digging for the business card Julie had given her in the car. She dialed the number into her cell, and waited as it rang. "Hi Vladimir, it's Andrea, the blonde from the club." she said, lighting a cigarette and pulling on a sweatshirt.

Vladimir was sitting alone in his hotel room. His trusted lieutenants were off taking care of business, making a delivery to a local gang. It was small time stuff, handguns and a couple of AK's, nothing they couldn't handle, nothing they'd need him for. He turned down the volume on the porno he'd ordered on the TV when the phone rang. "Hello? Ah, yes, Andrea. How could I forget? That vwas quite de show you put on there at the end of the night, no? I enjoyed it very much. Are you coming to see me, darling?" he asked her.

Andrea cringed when Vladimir mentioned the show at the end of the night. "Yeah, it was something else," she said, trying to move on to another subject. "That's what I was calling about," she told him when he asked her if she was coming to see him. "Julie can't come, but I'd love to, but I don't have a ride to get there," she explained to him, taking a drag on her cigarette as she sat on Julie's porch.

"That is shame," Vladimir replied. "Vere are you? I vill send... friend to come pick you up," he said. He had been hoping for the both of the girls, but the one would do just fine. He was rather partial to the blonde, anyway. He was hoping she would squirt her juices all over him, like she had done earlier.

Andrea told Vladimir the nearest main street address. He didn't want him to know Julie's address. "That would be great," she added when he said he'd have a friend pick her up. Had she not been wasted and drunk, she probably wouldn't have called, and agreed to get picked up by someone she had never met before. She was broke though, and desperate, and this idea was the best thing she had going. "I'll see you soon," she said to Vladimir before hanging up the phone and walking 5 blocks to the slightly busier main street.

Vladimir called his boys; they had finished their deal and were headed back to the hotel. He diverted one of the cars out to a suburb to pick up the girl. They were there in about fifteen minutes, and spotted her standing on the corner. The black sedan pulled to a stop right in front of her. "Coming to see Vladimir?" one of the guys in the front seat said when he rolled down his window. "Hop in back!" 

They got back on the freeway. The two men in the front seat were speaking in Russian the whole time as they drove downtown to the Hilton. They got there and parked the car and led Andrea inside and up to the fourth floor, down the hall to the twentieth room. Finally they spoke in English. "Vladimir iss inside." They were looking her up and down, with obvious lust in their eyes. "Show him good time, no?" Then they walked over to another door and opened it and went inside. When she opened the door, Vladimir stood up from the bed. The porno was still playing on the TV. "Andrea!" he said. "Tank you for coming. I'm sure you vill be coming again soon, no? Yes, yes, come inside."

She nodded at what he said. "I'm here to do anything you want me to do," she said to him, setting her bag down into a chair in the corner.

"And you shall be vell compensated, Andrea," vladimir said, a creepy grin spreading across his face. He sat back down on the bed, turning up the volume on the porno movie he was watching. It was in the middle of a hardcore scene, which featured one blonde woman servicing three large dicks at once, one in her mouth, one in her pussy and one up her ass. "De first ting you kin do is get out of doze cloze," Vladimir said, leaning back against the headboard, "and come over here and suck on my cock."

He looked her up and down, that creepy smile only getting weirder. He unzipped his pants and slid them off, and jerked his cock through his boxers as he looked at Andrea. Andrea could tell he had quite the tool under there... she could remember feeling it earlier when she had straddled him at the club.

"Yes sir" she said. She realized as she pulled off her sweatshirt that the outfit she wore could have been a bad choice, there was nothing sexy about it. She slid out of her jeans and tank top, unhooking her bra and pulling off her panties before walking to the bed. She knelt next to him, her hand sliding over his shaft, jerking him through his expensive boxers. She licked her lips as she pulled his boxers down, exposing the large cock that she'd felt rubbing against her ass earlier at the club. She slowly bent down, her tongue running up and down the length of his shaft before moving her lips to the big mushroom head of his cock. She looked up at him as she moved her hand to his balls, rubbing and squeezing them softly, licking around the head of his cock.

His cock hardened slowly as she put her lips and tongue on it, eventually growing to its full size, a good ten inches worth of meat. "Oh, dat iss goot little girl," he groaned, running a hand through her long blonde hair, pulling it away from her face. While she sucked on him, he reached into a small bag on the bedside table, and pulled out a tiny red plaid skirt and a little white top. He pulled her head off his cock. "Now be goot girl and put deze on. And you vill call me Papa for rest of night, no?" he told her, the lusty grin on his face telling her she better do as he said.

She nodded, his lusty grin scaring her to do anything but agree with his orders. "Yes papa," she said softly, standing up from the bed and walking into the bathroom. She pulled on the skirt and top, putting her hair into pigtails before returning to Vladimir. "How's this Papa?" she asked, getting back on the bed, kneeling next to him.

"Das perfect, baby," Vladimir said, looking her up and down. He put one hand on her smooth legs, sliding them up to just under her skirt. His other hand was on his big hard cock. He patted his thigh. "Now cum sit in your Papa's lap and show him how much you love him," he said, his eyes now fixed squarely on her tits, her cleavage abundant in the little shirt.

Andrea looked at Vladimir as his hands moved up her legs. She nodded at his next command, and moved her lips against his ear. "Yes Papa," she said, licking his earlobe as she moved to his lap, his hard cock rubbing against her slit under the tiny plaid uniform skirt. She saw him looking at her tits, and wiggled them, smiling as she looked at him. "Mmm Papa you've got such a big cock," she whispered to him.

"Zee better to fuck you wit, little girl," he said, his eyes growing wide as she bounced her tits in his face. He groaned as he felt her wetness rubbing on his hard cock. His hands went all the way under her skirt and squeezed her ass, his strong arms pulling her against him, her slit pressed hard against the shaft of his cock. "Mmm, yess, ride me just like dat," he said, moving her hips back and forth, her wet cunt riding the length of his shaft, from balls to head. His hands then moved up and squeezed her large tits, and he buried his face in her cleavage, a couple days' worth of unshaven whiskers scratching her soft skin.

Andrea smiled a bit as she wiggled her pussy up and down the length of his shaft. She arched her back as he held her tightly against him, moaning as he squeezed at her tits. She moved her hands to his shoulders when his face moved between her tits. She felt him lick and nibble at the exposed flesh of her tits, tilting her neck back as he moaned "Oh papa," her hands moving to the back of his head. "That feels so good."

His cock twitched whenever she called him "Papa". He squeezed her breasts as he kissed up to her neck. "Dis vill feel even better, little girl," he groaned, as he felt her wetness covering the mushroom head of his dick. He moved his hands back down to her hips, grabbing her and angling her body and pushing her down on him, his cock sliding easily sliding deep into her cunt, which had already been stretched wide earlier that night by the girls at the strip club. He let out a loud groan as her wetness enveloped his dick. His fingers dug into her flesh, hard, his head fell back against the headboard.

Andrea looked at Vladimir as moved her hips, sliding his cock into her as he pulled her down onto his big shaft. "Ohh Papa" she moaned, kissing his neck. She gently rocked her hips, her back arched as his hands moved down her hips. She squeezed her pussy around his thick shaft, smiling as it twitched when she called him Papa. She moaned loudly as his fingers dug into her flesh, her head back, against the headboard. "Fuck me Papa" she moaned, her hands cupping her tits through her thin white top.

He held her hips tightly, and started thrusting up into her pussy, grunting with every thrust, bouncing Andrea up and down on his lap. His cock pounded up into her, the head driving deep inside her. Andrea moaned loudly as he thrust up, deep into her pussy keeping a strong grip on her thighs. She kissed at his neck and chest as he fucked her. He fucked her like that for a while, then stopped, panting and grunting, moving her around in his lap, his cock fully impaling her. Then he rolled her off him to the side and grabbed her, moving her onto her back and getting on top of her, spreading her legs, his cock immediately finding her dripping entrance and driving into her again. He grabbed her ass, pulling her body towards him with his every thrust.

She smiled, spreading her legs wide as he gripped her hips and thrust his long cock completely into her pussy. She arched her back against the bed, gripping the sheets as he grabbed her ass tightly, pulling her even closer to him, the head of his cock pressing against her cervix, her moans growing louder as he fucked her. "Ohh, Papa," she moaned loudly, leaning her head back as they fucked.

He kept fucking her hard, pounding her hot young body into the bed, grunting as he did, his thrusts growing harder and more insistent every time she called him "Papa". He grabbed at her arms, his big hands closing around her wrists, and he held them down on the bed on either side of her, holding his six-foot four, heavily muscled frame up over her, using his hips to drive his cock into her, over and over, his slightly curved, thick dick hitting her in all her favorite spots. His thrusting became frenzied, his grunts and groans growing louder as his balls clenched up and his cock spasmed deep inside Andrea's cunt, and he started to spray his seed inside her.

"Oh god Papa," she moaned into his ear as his cock started throbbing inside of her. She moaned louder feeling him fill her pussy with his thick, hot cum. Her hips bucked against him as she felt herself start to cum, her pussy squirting around him. "Oh Papa," She moaned loudly as she came, her body writhing beneath him, her moans loud, her back arched further off the bed.

When they finished cumming, he rolled off her and got off the bed. He went to the bathroom to clean off his dick and then came back out, walking over to the mini-bar. "Vud you like a drink?" he asked her, pouring vodka into a glass, on the rocks. He had his back to her, and she couldn't see what he was doing as he mixed up their drinks. "Vee have vodka, iz dat goot?"

"Yes please," she answered him. "Vodka's great," she said, sitting back against the headboard of the bed. She smiled as he walked back with two glasses, handing one to her. "Thank you," she said and smiled as he got back on the bed.

Vladimir smiled that creepy smile as he handed her the drink and sat next to her on the bed. He took a drink of his vodka on the rocks, and watched as she did the same, knowing that it would only be fifteen or twenty minutes before the rohypnol he'd dosed her drink with would take effect. She would become quite drunk; even if she didn't necessarily pass out, she wouldn't remember anything they did to her, for about the next eight hours or so. "Drink up, darling," Vladimir said, taking another drink from his vodka. "Dere iz still much fun to be had dis night." He put his hand on her thigh and slid it up under her short little skirt, his fingers brushing her pussy lips. "You like your drinks strong, no?" He slid two fingers up her pussy.

"The stronger the better," she answered, taking a bigger drink of her vodka. She leaned back against the headboard as he wiggled his fingers inside her folds, a small moan escaping her lips. Vladimir slid an arm around behind Andrea, pulling her close to him as his fingers started working in and out of her pussy. He smiled as she moaned and groaned at his touch. He didn't care if she was faking; if she was, she was one hell of an actress. Andrea finished the contents of her class, setting it on the table next to the bed as his fingers continued digging and wiggling inside of her pussy. She moaned a bit louder, her teeth nibbling at his neck and ear as his hand moved up her back to her neck.

Vladimir's cock was starting to grow hard again. His hand crawled up her back to her neck as he continued fingering her. "Now be goot girl and suck on Papa's cock again," he said in her ear, licking it, his hand on the back of her neck pushing her down towards his hardening cock.

She nodded when he told her to suck his cock. "Yes Papa," she whispered, her tongue licking down his ear and neck as she knelt in front of him, slowly moving her lips to his cock. Her tongue licked up and down the length of his hardening cock before her lips enveloped the mushroom head of his cock, sucking softly before she moved her lips further down his shaft. She looked up at him as her tongue ran along the bottom of his cock as she rubbed his balls.

Vladimir groaned as he felt Andrea's hot, wet, young mouth on his throbbing member. "Mmm," he moaned, "dat iz very goot girl." His hands moved to the back of her head as he watched her take his dick into her mouth. He grabbed each of her cute pigtails and suddenly forced her head down fully on his cock, the fat mushroom head hitting the back of her throat. He started moving her head up and down on his fat rod, her mouth stretched around it. He moaned and groaned as she gagged on him, and he kept rocking her head up and down, and started using his hips to thrust his cock harder into her mouth and down her throat. She gagged as he forced her lips all the way down his shaft, her eyes watering a bit. She continued sucking his cock as he moved her lips up and down his shaft, his hips thrusting upward, forcing her to take him completely into her mouth, his fat mushroom head fully in her throat. Her hands moved to his thighs as she gagged, her face getting red as he forced her to keep his long, thick cock in her mouth and throat as he moaned loudly and ground his hips against her face.
