 [Note: This story is a continuation from I Took On A Barroom Out Of Spite.]

Hi, Erica. It's Robin again. Well you were right about not going back to the bar. If I went there I'd definitely be going down the wrong path. So, just as you said, I stayed far away from that place.

But soon I found that I couldn't stop thinking about that night. I couldn't concentrate at work because I was constantly thinking about sex. I've had several sleepless nights where I was pretty close to calling Michael to come over--but I didn't.

And I've also been much more aware of how the men at work look at me lately. It's almost like they could sense how much I've wanted it. When I've been dressing for work, I've been pushing the boundaries of the company dress code. I'd find myself thinking, "What would really turn on the guys in the office today?" It gets me so excited when they stare as I walk down the hall.

Of course, I might have taken thing a bit too far yesterday. The night before, I had a dream that I was in the barroom again, completely naked. I was bent over grasping the edge of the bar while several men had their way with me. When I woke, I realized that I was naked in bed masturbating! It was a wonderful way to wake up, but I was somewhat frustrated that I didn't have a penis to put inside of me. "That's it," I thought. "Erica's right; I'm turning into a nymphomaniac."

I was in no condition to pick out my business attire. I ended up wearing white, thong panties and a lace bra. I put on my shortest, tightest black skirt and a very snug white button-down that completely exposed my cleavage. If I took a deep breath, I swear I would have burst from my clothes. I wore my hair down and my dark-rimmed glasses did nothing to make me appear any more business-like.

I looked at myself in the mirror and thought, "Good, let them know you want it." After all, there'd be nothing wrong with having some fun if I were out on a date with a new boyfriend, right?

All morning long, the guys were hovering around my cubicle. I'd laugh at their jokes, and give them an eyeful of cleavage. I thought for sure one of them would get the nerve to ask me out. "Perhaps during lunch," I thought.

However, they never got the chance. My manager called me into her office for a very uncomfortable conversation about "proper work attire." I was mortified. I felt like a damn fool.

"Robin, go home at lunch," she said. "Come back when you're wearing something more appropriate."

I slunk from her office and right out the door. "What is wrong with you?" I wondered. "Shit, I have my review next month. I know how that will go."

Since it was a Friday, I guess a lot of people were ducking out of work early. I got on the next train home, which was packed. I had to go to the last car. There was only one seat left near the bathroom compartment. I hate sitting near the bathroom. It's disgusting, which is about how I felt. I was in an aisle seat, and suddenly became self conscious about how much my skirt was ridding up. I had to pinch my knees together to keep from exposing my panties.

I was then distracted by the sound of loud rap music. There were these four young black guys sitting across from the bathroom compartment. Their heads bounced in unison to the beat. The conductor came by to tell them to turn the music off.

"Get the fuck out of here!" one of them shouted. Of course, the conductor didn't do anything, but walk off embarrassed. This made me laugh, but then I found myself eying these strong black men. "I wonder what it would be like to be with a black guy," I thought. Then, one of them caught me staring. I turned my head away immediately. I glanced up to see the four of them looking at me and laughing. I tried not to look up again.

Once the train started rolling, I had the urge to pee. I usually go before I leave work, but I was in such a rush I didn't think of it. I had a long ride, so I had to use the bathroom. I was somewhat afraid to walk past the tough-looking guys, but what could happen? I mean, the whole car was packed. I tried not to look, but I knew they were watching me.

I used the facilities and washed up. "God I have to go back out there," I thought. I was nervous, but also somewhat aroused. Of course they were looking at me; I'd never looked so sexy. I laughed at myself and opened the door. Immediately I was shoved back into the bathroom. Two of the black guys pinned my back against the wall of the compartment. One of them held his meaty hand over my mouth.

"No one's going to hear you over the music out there," he said. "And so what if they do. None of them are gonna do anything to help you." He squeezed my breast with his other hand, and licked my neck up to my earlobe. The other got down on his knees and slipped my skirt over my round hips with his warm palms.

"I saw you looking at us, bitch," he said. "I know what you want." He pulled the front of my blouse open. I'd never been treated so roughly. Although I was frightened, I couldn't contain my arousal. I've been desperate for sex for weeks now, and I didn't care about the consequences. I watched his eyes widen as I slid my hand over his crotch.

"He'll yeah, this bitch wants cock bad," he said, taking his hand from my mouth.

"I know," said the other as he slipped my panties down to view my well trimmed bush. "Her pussy's soaked."

"Go ahead and fuck me," I sighed, pulling the front of his jeans open and taking hold of his firming prick. "I won't try to stop you."

He unclipped the front of my bra, and my boobs spilled out. "Girl, you got some big titties," he said with a smile, holding them in his palms and then sucking on my large, rosy nipples. The other guy slid two fingers into my damp pussy. I felt shivers over my skin and breathed deeply.

"Oh god I want it so badly," I whimpered. "I'm so damn cock hungry." 

"Well get to it, bitch," one said, and shoved me to my knees. I removed my blouse while they exposed themselves. Their black, stiff dicks were humongous. I wet my lips as they pointed their shafts at my face.

"Suck it!" they commanded. I wrapped my hands around each rod and glided my tongue up one, then the other until they were both good and wet. They became more aroused, and soon were taking turns face-fucking me. Pulling on my hair, they passed me back and forth, jamming their pricks deep down my throat. I felt so dirty, but it was wonderful to have a mouthful of cock again.

"Shit, you suck like a whore," one said. "You gonna get fucked like a whore, too." He reached down and yanked me up by my tits. They took complete control of my body. One stood with his back to the wall, and the other shoved me down towards his friend's dick. I was bent over, bracing myself with my hands against the wall as he pushed my head down to his pole. I wrapped my swollen lips around his cock and sucked it furiously.

The man behind me slapped my curvy bottom. "Get your ass up, slut!" I spread my legs and stuck my butt out high. He peeled my cheeks apart and eased the head of his prick against my dripping hole. "That pussy feels good!" he said, dipping the length of his manhood inside. I came almost immediately. Once deep within me, he grasped my fleshy, white hips and pumped my cunt feverishly. 

I moaned deeply as I felt the intensity of an enormous orgasm approaching. I could hear the loud rap music outside of the compartment, and the men fucked my mouth and pussy to the quick beat. I soon felt the rhythm and rocked my ass into his hips with every thrust. I was then awash in waves of orgasmic bliss. I grunted loudly as my body convulsed under the power of these two giants. 

"Yeah, fuck it, bitch! Fuck it!" the man behind me yelled. Cumming still, I could taste the other's precum. My mouth watered. Then it was flooded with tasty goo. I swallowed two big loads of his yummy sperm, and then took him in deep, milking the last few drops.

"Oh fuck that was good!" I shouted, while the guy behind continued to pound my pussy. He spanked me hard, which made me yelp with pleasure. "You like to eat cum, bitch?" he said.

"I love it! I love swallowing cum!"

"Good, eat it, slut!" he said, quickly turning me around. His cock squirted just before I could wrap my lips around it. He sprayed my face while I opened my mouth wide, eager to catch a treat. It was such a tease. I sat there quivering, trying to lick sperm from my chin, when he ordered me to "stay put." As soon as the two men left, the next two walked in to the compartment.

"She'll fuck you any way you want," one of the men I'd pleasured informed his friend.

"You're a real dirty bitch, huh?" he said, as they hurriedly removed their jeans.

"You're friend's right," I said with a smile. "I'll fuck you however you want." I took off my glasses and stood up. With the men looking me over, I massaged my breasts and bit my lower lip. I couldn't wait to get more action. These two were just as well hung--and just as forceful.

One grabbed my tits and pulled me close to him; he sucked hard on my nipples. "Ouch, that's nice," I whimpered, and began jerking him off.

The other got behind me. He took two big handfuls of my bottom and spread my cheeks wide. I felt his warm face press against my sensitive skin, as he drove his tongue into my tight asshole. The sensation was amazing; my whole body was trembling. I couldn't take it anymore.

"Oh please fuck me," I begged. "I want your cocks so badly."

They pressed their muscular, naked bodies against me, one in front and one behind. I spread my thighs and tightly held the man's shoulders in front of me. I readied myself as they aimed their cocks.

"OH GOD, OH GOD, OH GOD!" I yelled, as they simultaneously worked themselves into my moist pussy and puckered rectum. They somehow forced their fat cocks into my taught holes. I don't know which was more intense, the pleasure or the pain. But, once they were inside, my body responded straight away. I came so hard. I hugged the guy in front tightly, while my hips gyrated. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" I howled.

And they did.

Over the course of several station stops, they mercilessly jammed my cunt and asshole, causing tears to stream down my face. "Look here," the guy fucking my ass said. "This bitch wants a ride." He sat on the toilet, and pulled me to him. With my backside facing him, I squatted as he guided his cock into my now well-worn asshole. He yanked me down by my hips, forcing my rectum to swallow the full length of his plump rod.

"Now ride it, bitch!" he commanded, spanking me hard. I moaned at the top of my voice, while I bounced my bottom up and down his shaft. The other guy placed his rod between my engorged breasts. "I want to fuck those big, white titties," he said. I squeezed them tightly around his dick.

Their massive cocks and the continuous spankings drove me mad, as I was pleading for their sperm: "PLEASE CUM, BABY! PLEASE CUM ALL OVER ME! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK MY TITS! FUCK MY ASS! FUCK MY TITS!"

I felt hot, sticky sperm gush all over my breasts. I couldn't believe how much he came! It felt remarkable against my supple skin. I rubbed his cum all over my breasts, as I continued to slide the other guy's fat dick in and out of my asshole. I felt his hips twitch beneath me; then he grabbed my narrow waist and slammed my bottom into him. "YOW!" I screamed. I never thought a cock could penetrate so far within me. I felt my stretched-out butthole filling up as he shot his warm cum inside. I grinded my chubby cheeks into him until I was certain he was spent.

When I finally stood, some sperm dribbled from my rectum onto his cock and balls. "Clean that up, bitch!" he yelled. Yanking me by my hair, he made me lick up the mess. He rubbed my face into it until it glistened with his stickiness. When he was done, he pushed me to the floor.

"Peace out, whore," they laughed on their way out.

I cleaned up as best I could. By the way they looked at me, I was sure the other passengers knew what was going on in the bathroom compartment. But I couldn't care less. I finally felt release from my desire. It felt incredible. I know you're probably thinking that I'm a total slut now. You're right. I'm becoming a nymphomaniac! It's only been a day, but I'm already getting the urge for more cock. I don't know what I will do next. I feel like nothing is off limits.