 This is the sequel to: https://www.literotica.com/s/the-conference-27 

***** 

"Here's that report you asked for, and I brought you some tea," Jayson informed me. 

I watched him set the tea down carefully on my desk, ensuring that it did not accidentally slosh. A moment passed as I browsed the report, but then I took a sip of the tea. It was almost perfect, but I frowned in dissatisfaction. 

"Jayson, why is there not enough cream in my tea?" 

Jayson looked down somberly. "We ran out." 

"Unacceptable," I stated. "You need to be punished." 

"Yes Mistress," Jayson murmured. 

I looked to the ceiling and exhaled a long drawn out hmm as I thought about the best way to punish him. "I think... under the desk." 

"Yes Mistress." Jayson gently rolled my chair out of the way so that he could crawl under my desk. It had been a gift from my boss when he promoted me to departmental manager about 6 months ago, and was at least 7 feet by 5 feet. Plenty big enough to accommodate my lax slave. 

I ignored Jayson as he rolled my chair back into place. Thinking about the report gave me an excuse to avoid thinking about my personnel problem for a few minutes. It was time to read the report in depth. 

Jayson pulled my hips forward slightly, and slipped a firm cushion between my back and the chair. I shifted obligingly to allow him to push up my skirt and slide my panties out of the way. A moment later, he was performing his penance by pleasing me with his tongue. 

I stroked his hair fondly just once before returning my attention to the report. People from my department entered my office to place paperwork on my desk, and then left again completely unaware of the situation occurring under my desk. 

Jayson was very good at pleasing me, and I must admit that he made it hard for me to pretend like nothing was happening. I couldn't stop a tiny moan from escaping me. Thankfully, no one was in my office at the moment. 

The words of the report started blurring and blending together before me, but I kept the page in front of my face as a reminder that I must not give into the pleasure too soon. 

"Where is Jayson?" My boss asked unexpectedly. "I was hoping to send him out on an errand for me." 

"Jayson is doing something vitally important for me at the moment," I stated calmly, lowering the report to look my boss in the eye. "I will send him to you the moment he is done." 

"Are you okay?" My boss asked. "You look... flushed." 

I smiled reassuringly. "Yes, I'm fine." I immediately had to hold my breath to prevent a gasp from escaping me. Jayson was obviously having fun making me squirm. His punishment was rapidly earning him an even worse punishment, the cheeky slave! 

I noticed that my boss was gazing curiously at the 3 or 4 inch gap at the bottom of my desk, and I felt a moment of panic as I realized that he probably saw the bottom of Jayson's shoes. He shook his head lightly as if telling himself that he couldn't actually be seeing what he was seeing. 

"I see, uh... anyway," he leaned against the frame of the door to my office. "Is that the report Jayson wrote?" 

"Yes," I confirmed. "He just handed it to me earlier, and I'm reviewing it now." 

"And what about your little problem? Have you figured out a solution?" 

My brain was currently having trouble shifting gears at the moment. Going from the tedious details of streamlining the department to dealing with an incompetent employee was far too much for me, and so I decided to take evasive maneuvers. 

"Uh... no, not yet." 

At this point, I had to devote a good deal of my attention to controlling my breathing. Holding back the gasps was quickly becoming impossible. Later on, I wondered why I didn't just cuff him to get him to stop! 

Covering my face with my report seemed like my only viable option. I did my absolute best to look like I was focused intently on reading the report. 

My boss chuckled softly, and closed the door as he left. "Keep up the good work." He tossed out encouragement before leaving me alone for a moment. 

Unable to hold back any longer, I immediately buried my face in my crossed arms atop my desk as I cried out as softly as possible. My whole body shook like never before. It felt like the whole world exploded, and I panted as it slowly came back together again. 

"Jayson..." I ground out, trying to sound angry. I was much too happy to be upset, but even so, he could have cost us both our jobs. 

"Sorry Mistress, I couldn't resist." 

I panted until I could speak more than a word at a time. "Go wash up, and then see what the boss wants." 

"Yes Mistress," Jayson murmured obediently, kissing me lightly on the lips before he crawled out from under my desk. 

"And Jayson..." I added mildly, as if I was about to discuss the weather. 

"Yes?" 

"You deserved to be whipped the moment we get home." 

He smiled. "Of course." 

He opened the door, and stopped short. 

"Here's a list of things I need you to pick up." As CEO, our boss often had enough errands to keep even the best secretary hopping, but ever since he had promoted me, he had resisted hiring someone to take my place. As a result, he often borrowed Jayson when he needed something. 

I held a fist to my mouth as panic coursed through my veins again. Oh Gods! We were sure to be fired after this! 

Jayson accepted the list, and murmured that he would return as soon as possible. He rushed off at top speed. 

I was at a complete loss for words. There was absolutely nowhere else that Jayson could have been hiding in my office, but just because he was under my desk did not mean that anything wrong was going on. 

My boss entered my office and shut the door. "I can handle this in one of two ways. Since Jayson has not complained of harassment, I can ignore this, but I have to be certain of something first..." 

I hesitated. My best bet would probably be to deny anything happened, because there was no proof... unless he dared to check between my legs. 

"Are you using the power of your position to force Jayson to do things of a sexual nature?" 

I normally have excellent self control. It takes a lot to provoke a reaction from me. Even so, I was so surprised that I completely forgot my plan to deny anything had happened. 

"You have it all wrong!" I protested, and then covered my mouth as I realized that I had just ratted myself out. 

"Then why don't you tell me what is going on." 

I sighed and took a moment to calm my nerves. We weren't really doing anything wrong. Company policy allowed for relationships among the employees, but it drew the line at sexual antics. 

"We're together," I confessed. 

"Riiiight," my boss drawled in a way that clearly stated he didn't believe me. "I've watched you two enough to know that you delight in bossing him around. That's not a healthy relationship, and frankly looks like harassment to me." 

"No really, we live together," I insisted. 

My boss looked confused. "Since when?" 

"Since we returned from Phoenix," I murmured. 

This coincided with the beginning of our strange behavior, so I could see my boss think this over. Slowly, he nodded. "Fine, invite me over for dinner, and if it's true, then I will overlook this indiscretion. However, if I have any reason at all to believe that something is wrong, then I will have no choice but to take appropriate action." 

"Yes sir," I acquiesced. Looking at the clock, I realized that there was only a half an hour left before the day was over. "Do you mean tonight?" 

"Of course, that way I will be able to see the truth. You won't have time to mess with the evidence." 

I laughed. "Okay. What would you like me to make for dinner?" 

"Whatever you were already planning to make is fine by me." 

I nodded. 

Jayson returned from his errand just in time for us to go home. We waited for our boss next to my car. 

"Are you sure about this?" Jayson asked nervously. 

"What choice do we have?" I shrugged. 

"Mr. Burke," Jason greeted our boss pleasantly a moment later, and then held the front passenger door out for him. 

I climbed into the driver's seat and waited for Jayson to get in the back. 

Our boss turned to smile at Jayson. "I see the way Elena treats you; you don't have to play along just to keep her out of trouble." 

Jayson shook his head. "I'm not. We really do live together." 

"I just don't believe it. You two are simply not a good match. Elena needs someone who can stand up to her, and tell her no when she's being unreasonable." 

I have worked for him for 5 years, so I guess he knew me pretty well, even so, he really had no idea what he was talking about. I saw Jayson shudder lightly, and smirked. I'm almost certain that he was imagining the delicious whipping I would give him if he ever dared to tell me no! 

We walked into my house a short while later, and Jayson immediately helped me remove my jacket. Then, he accepted Mr. Burke's coat and hung them up in the hall closet. 

"Jayson, show our boss around while I get started on dinner," I ordered, unable to change the way I treated him. It was too much a part of our relationship. 

"Yes M- Elena," Jayson replied, also too used to the way we acted when alone to prevent a slip of the lips. 

I pulled a bowl out of the refrigerator and checked on its contents. Mmm, the marinated chicken was going to make some fabulous fajitas! All I needed to do now was slice up some onions and peppers to go with the chicken. 

I could hear the men talking, but I had no idea what they were saying. I couldn't really blame my boss for being suspicious, but I was not going to try to conform to his expectations of a normal relationship. Nor was I going to try to explain things to him. 

My cell phone rang. I was tempted to ignore it, but the ringer alerted me to the VIP status of the caller. 

"Elena speaking," I answered. 

"Hey there Princess!" The younger of the two King brothers greeted me cheerfully. "We want you to come over tonight." 

"I can't," I stated. "I have my boss over for dinner." 

"Nonsense! Unless he's spending the night, come over after he leaves." 

"No, seriously," I insisted. 

"We need our Princess, Elena," he informed me sternly. "You will come." 

I sighed. "Yes, my King." 

"And feel free to bring your delightful slave." 

"Yes, my King." I hung up before the urge to shout at him for his inconsideration became too much to resist. 

Mr. Burke cleared his throat, and I looked up to see him watching me from across the kitchen. 

"King?" He inquired, one brow arched in confusion. 

I laughed. "That's an old friend of mine. It's a long standing joke between us." 

"Riiiight," my boss drawled again, and I suppressed a frustrated sigh. 

Jayson was nearly silent as he moved to my side. He helped me finish preparing our dinner without needing to be told what to do. We worked together almost as if we shared one mind. In actuality, he was so used to following my orders by now that he didn't need me to give them. 

"Such a shame," he whispered in my ear. "My whipping will have to wait." 

I moaned softly and looked at him lustfully before remembering that my boss was watching us with interest. 

"You are definitely going to be punished severely," I promised, whispering in his ear. "Stop making me act up in front of our boss!" 

Jayson smirked at me with mischief in his eyes. I felt such a powerful tugging in my groin that it was hard for me to concentrate on anything else for a long moment. 

I think the way we were looking at each other finally reassured our boss that there was something real between us after all. He chuckled softly, and then cleared his throat. 

"So... why is there nothing on this wall except handicapped bars... that are much too high to be of use to anyone in a wheelchair..." 

Both Jayson and I blushed at that, and looked away from each other until we were able to control our expressions. I recovered first and blankly stared at my boss as I lied. 

"It's post modern art that a friend of mine insisted I display." 

Mr. Burke's expression made it clear that he was certain I was lying to him, and couldn't believe that I hadn't come up with a better story. 

My cell rang again, the ringtone indicating that it was the same or another VIP. I sighed and answered it. "Elena speaking." 

"Did the King call you yet?" 

I smiled. This was the same Prince that I've been good friends with ever since we were in training together. We'd decided to take our tests at the same time, and have even conducted a few rituals for the society. 

"Yes, I'm supposed to show up tonight no matter how late," I replied. 

"Did he tell you why?" 

"No," I shook my head even though he couldn't see it. 

"There's a visiting Queen arriving tonight." 

"Are you serious?!" I asked, purposely trying to be quiet and not shout out my sudden excitement. 

"Yep, she's from Europe, and I hear she's really exquisite." 

"Mmm... I can't wait," I purred, completely forgetting that I had a good reason to be on my best behavior. "How long has she been a Queen?" 

"Just 2 years, I think," he answered. 

"So this is a formal meeting then?" I stated more than asked. 

"Yep." 

"I see. I'll be there, but I don't know when," I promised. 

"Are you bringing him?" 

I laughed. "Of course, I don't go anywhere without my sla- uh I have to go!" My face was bright red as I realized that I almost made a grave mistake. 

The moment I hung up the phone, Jayson leaned over to whisper in my ear. "Did I hear that right? A new Queen?" 

I nodded, grateful that Jayson had finished cooking the fajitas on a special griddle over a gas burner. "I think Sangria..." I murmured. 

Jayson nodded, and then disappeared to select the right bottle of wine from the cellar. I made myself busy dishing up our food, gesturing for my boss to take a seat at the bar style counter on the other side of my center island where my stove was located. 

"I'm not stupid, you know. You're hiding something from me, and lying," he informed me unexpectedly as I handed him his plate. 

I sighed. "Pardon my rudeness, sir, but you are now officially intruding on my private life. You wanted to see for yourself that Jayson and I really are in a relationship, and we are. The rest is none of your business." 

"True, but I'm concerned. A healthy relationship is based on mutual love and trust, and that seems to be missing from your relationship," he explained. 

"I disagree," Jayson came to my rescue, startling me. I hadn't heard him return. Man! He was far too good at walking silently! 

"How so?" Our boss asked amicably as Jayson poured him a glass of wine and then sat in the empty seat on my other side. This placed me between the two of them, which made me inexplicably nervous. 

"I'd trust her with my life," Jayson replied. He sounded like he was imparting a profound truth, and I felt my heart skip a beat. I stroked his cheek and leaned over to kiss him. 

Mr. Burke sighed in relief. "Now that's what I wanted to see. I had to be sure that there was something real between you. The only thing left to talk about is how you two will not be getting all touchy feely at work." 

"Of course!" I quickly agreed, also relieved that I wasn't going to lose my job after all. 

We all ate in silence for a moment, but then my boss cleared his throat. "No seriously, I'm dying to know what's really going on. First you call someone your King, and then you ask how long someone has been a Queen. This house is far too big and expensive for someone that earns your salary, and I can't help but think that I'm being made fun of somehow." 

I started with what I could explain honestly. "My house was part of my inheritance. My parents had quite a bit of wealth accumulated before they died." 

"Then why become a secretary? From the look of it, you probably didn't need to work a day in your life." 

"True..." I admitted. "But I wanted something to do, and after you hired me, I found I really liked my job." 

I prayed that he would let the rest remain unexplained. He stared at me in a way that made it obvious that he wasn't going to let it drop. I sighed. 

My doorbell rang, and then the door opened. "Change of plans Elena!" 

I gasped and nearly leapt from my chair so that I could try to control the damage. It was already too late. My unexpected guests were already stripping right inside my now closed door. We were all experts at getting naked quickly. 

"What are you doing here?" I asked in astonishment. 

Both of the Kings laughed. The Prince gallantly kissed my hand, and the other Princess crossed her arms so that she could stare me down. 

"Don't be such a baby, Elena! We decided that your house was the best place to properly greet and host the visiting Queen." 

I glared at them, they were all naked at this point, and I knew that they wouldn't leave no matter how much I protested. I tried anyway. "I told you, my boss is here!" 

"Send him away if you're so concerned," the younger King replied. 

This situation seemed so absurd that I couldn't fight it. So, I surrendered. Laughing, I asked: "What part of secret don't you understand? You should have called me and then given me time to -" 

"There's not enough time," the older King informed me. "She's already on her way here, and will probably be here in a matter of minutes." 

"I'm thirsty," the haughty Princess announced. "I think strawberry Margaritas might be nice." 

I honestly agreed and snapped my fingers. 

"Yes Princess!" Jayson replied, addressing her respectfully. He promptly gathered the supplies, and started making the suggested drink. 

"Can I get anything for you, my Kings, my Prince?" I offered as a good hostess should. 

"As I recall, you have an excellent wine cellar," the younger King mused. "Allow me to select something appropriate." 

"Of course," I grinned as I pointed out the door to the cellar. This was an official meeting, so I had to be on my best behavior. Well, I had to behave to the Kings, I could be a bitch to the Prince and Princess if I wanted. 

"Elena..." She purred, stroking my cheek with a finger. 

"Jessica," I replied, smiling at her. 

"Why are you still in those itchy clothes?" 

"Mmm..." I nearly purred myself as I vividly remembered how good Jessica was with her tongue. 

"Save it for the Queen," our King ordered us with an amused grin. 

We both laughed guiltily. "Yes, my King." 

Jayson appeared next to us holding a small tray. On it were two enormous Margaritas that he had blended up quick using frozen strawberries, ice, and tequila. I smiled because he knew without asking that I would want one too. 

"Princess," he offered the tray to Jessica first. She took one and rewarded him with a kiss. It was soft and held the promise of more to come. 

I took my drink from Jayson, and held my other arm out to my side expectantly. It was just the three of us still standing here not too far from the entryway. My house had an open design, and there wasn't much on the first floor that wasn't visible from everywhere else. As a result, I could see the older King and the Prince helping themselves to the alcohol in my cupboards. It looked like they were mixing rum with an organic, real sugar version of cherry coke. 

Jayson did not need me to say a word. He simply undressed me, and then hung my clothes up in the hall closet where I think he took a moment to get naked as well. I was distracted just then when the doorbell rang once more. 

I opened the door to find a petite and utterly exquisite woman standing in front of a man and two other women. 

"Please come in, my Queen," I invited her, and then stood aside for her to enter. 

She waited for me to shut the door, and then kissed me in greeting. "You must be Princess Elena." 
