 Chapter I

The Engineering Conference was in Hawaii this year and Colin was looking forward to the extra week of vacation he'd booked after the event. The late flight from LAX was turning out to be much better than expected. The flight was packed, but had noticed a number of lovely ladies who had slowed to check him out when they passed his seat and he'd met their inquisitive looks with one of his infectious smiles, which was guaranteed to bring to bring them back. One of them, a cute thirtyish brunette had actually passes by three times, slowing on the second to catch his attention with a smile of her own before continuing on to her seat. Trim athletic figure at about five and a half feet tall, she was wore a plain white blouse that showed just the right amount of curve, and a skirt that was short, but not so much so to be obvious that she was showing off her gorgeous legs. 

Colin had said a quick sultry 'Hi' to her on her third pass and she was only able to reply with a hushed 'Hi there.' of her own before having to scoot back to her seat. 'Very pretty' he thought as he watched her move down the aisle. When she stopped at her seat, the brunette turned her head and caught his eyes. 'Hmmm, she's checking to see if I'm watching her' Colin thought to himself. Since he currently had no steady girlfriend, he had no qualms about overtly admiring women and this one didn't mind being watched so it seemed. The young woman held his gaze for another moment, then giggled as she quickly took her seat just as the Captain announced that the plane was starting to land. 

When they stopped at the terminal, Colin got up, retrieved his overhead bag and headed down the aisle towards the exit. As he came up the aisle, he kept his eyes on the same brunette he had spied earlier. Nearing her seat, she inadvertently 'stumbled' into him as she struggled with her carry-on. Tottering in her heels, the young woman dropped the bag and grasped his bicep to steady herself. Looking up at him, she squeezing gently as she straightened herself, their eyes locked. 

"Oh my. I'm sorry I bumped you." the young woman apologized. 

"Oh, that's OK Miss. Are you alright?" Colin asked as he reached down to help her straighten the small bag onto it's wheels. When he looked up, he noticed that she seemed a bit flushed and couldn't help stare at her chest for a moment, noting the strain on her blouse.

"Yeah, I'm alright." the woman said almost breathlessly, holding Colin's eyes for just a moment longer. "They don't give you much room to maneuver in here do they." she stated as people were trying to edge around Colin. Noting that he needed to move on, she offered a hand for him to shake. "Thanks for the help." 

Colin gently took her hand for a moment, feeling her squeeze it gently before having to move off as the line of people behind him was eager to exit the plane. "No trouble, see you later." he said. A common, automatic response that just came out, Colin had no allusions that he would see her again, but did hold on to some hope that he might. 

"I hope so!" the woman piped in after him as he continued down the aisle. She flashed Colin with a wicked smile as he looked back, and was a bit surprised, but also very pleased she felt that way. 'Must have really made an impression' he thought as he held her gaze for a few more seconds, flashed a brilliant smile, and turned the corner to exit the plane. 

'Wow!' Colin thought, reaching up to loosen his collar. 'She was hot!' Figuring she'd never see him again he knew she was being a tease, but so was he. This was a nice start to his 'vacation' Colin thought to himself as he walked to the baggage area, and although he probably wouldn't see the woman again, she was a lovely image to think about just the same.

Jen's heart was beating a bit quicker as the handsome guy who stopped to help with her bag turned and left the plane. He was casually handsome, not any GQ type but good looking just the same, about forty and a good six feet tall with short brown hair and clean shaven. She was usually a pretty good judge of men, and she liked what she saw in this guy especially with the really nice suit he was wearing. He was probably on business, or maybe he was here for the Engineering Conference like herself. 'Ha, probably not' she thought. 'With my luck he probably has a wife or girlfriend he's meeting here.' She brooded a moment thinking about a lost opportunity then shrugged her shoulders as she gathered her purse and squeezed into the line to get out of the plane. 

Colin gathered his remaining luggage in the terminal and grabbed a taxi to the hotel. He had heard about the Kahala Hotel and Resort and now he was glad he was finally making the trip. He definitely wanted to get in a few rounds of golf while he was here and maybe take in some nightlife as well. Thinking back to the girl on the plane, it would be nice to massage her back and down to her soft ass, or free those luscious breasts from that awfully confining blouse and bra. 'Oh well,' he thought as the taxi pulled up to the hotel entrance, he could always dream .... 

As Jen entered the hotel lobby, she thought she saw the same handsome guy from the plane step into the elevator. 'Nah' she said to herself, brushing that thought aside. 'I'm definitely dreaming.' Not getting laid in a while was messing with her mind. 'It would be too much of a coincidence if he was staying at this hotel too', she laughed inwardly, but just in case she decided to keep an eye out for him just the same. 

As Jen reached her room and slid the key card through the lock, the door next to her room opened. The handsome guy from the plane came out and Jen's heart skipped a beat. He started down the hall, his head down looking at the phone in his hand and then almost tripped on his feet the moment he looked up and saw her. Catching himself, a big smile forming on his face and he walked casually towards her once again. She cocked her head to the side a bit and smiled at him.

"Hi again." Jen said. "Fancy meeting you here. Enjoy the flight?"

"Yes, I did." Colin said back to her with a bit of a laugh in his voice. "The view was amazing as we approached the island. Hawaii is a wonderful place from what I've heard." Colin stopped just close enough to her as not to invade her space. "This is my first time here, how about you?"

"Yes, this is my first time here as well." Jen replied as she appraised the handsome man in front of her. She decided that she approved of his change to more casual clothes, something more in line with the islands and it showed off his strong features and toned body much better than the suit. 

"Well isn't this funny." Colin laughed. "You did say you'd hoped to see me again, and well, here I am." Fully taking in this luscious young woman in front of him he continued "Having trouble with your door key?" 

A solid 'click' sounded as Jen pulled her card out of the slot. "Nope." She replied. "I'm pretty good with these things." She opened the door and put her bags down just inside. Quickly turning to face him, straight and perky, Jen held her hand out once again, inviting him for a handshake. 

"Jen." she said introducing herself. Slightly bouncing up on her toes in excitement, she looked admiringly into Colin's eyes. 

Responding to her invitation, Colin stepped a bit closer. "Colin." he replied as he firmly but gently grasped her outstretched hand. "Nice to meet you Jen." 

"What brings you to this beautiful hotel, Colin?" Jen asked as she covered his hand with her other one as she leaned in a bit closer.

"Well," he said a bit flustered. She was a bit more forward than he'd expected and fumbled for his words, "probably a bit boring for such a beautiful woman such as yourself, but I'm attending an engineering conference here at the hotel for the next few days. And some vacation time after with some golf and maybe a bit of fun as well. How about you?"

Jen's heart beat a little faster. Unbelievable! She thought. This is my lucky day! "Oh, that's too funny" she said laughingly. "I'm here with a group from our firm for the conference too." Jen flashed a mischievous smile and released his hand. Backing through the open door Jen kept her eyes on Colin's as she entered the room. "Maybe we'll see each other down there." she suggested in a soft inviting voice, which brought a big smile and little nod from Colin.

"That would be nice. I'll look forward to it." he replied warmly as he started to move off. "Later." he said suggestively as he backed down the hall, never leaving her gaze until he turned the corner and out of sight. 

"Ooohh." Jen cooed softly, already thinking of the possibilities with Colin as she moved inside and let the door close behind her.

Chapter II

It was approaching 4:00 and Colin couldn't wait for the session to end. The day had been great! Starting with quick breakfast and coffee before the opening remarks from a top engineering consultant, he'd spotted Jen at a nearby table and noticed a thin smile on her face as her head turned ever so slightly in his direction. At lunchtime, Jen had spied him at the buffet and brushed his hip as she passed by. Watching her go, she briefly turned back and wiggled her eyebrows at him, mouthing "Later" as she returned to her table. A quick knowing smirk on his face, Colin took his plate back to his table and reviewed the agenda for the afternoon sessions. 

Jen looked even more alluring than when he saw her earlier that morning. She wore a shorter, tight red skirt, with black stockings and high heeled shoes. Very hot he thought, but still professional looking. The buttons on her nearly shear white blouse were straining to hold her beautifully shaped breasts, but the camisole she wore covered everything and he was dying to see what she had underneath. 'Nice' Colin thought as he fanaticized about slowly unbuttoning that top and cupping her breasts while softly kissing her neck.

Snapping his attention back to his lunch, he figured that Jen would probably be busy through the afternoon at different break-out sessions and then the last hour of the day would be back with her group, discussing various topics from sessions that other members of her firm had been attending. While Colin would be equally engaged with his own team until the end of the day as well, his eyes strayed to one of the newer faces that he'd noticed was a late addition on this trip. Tracy sat across from him looking at brochure about new composite materials from her morning session. She was about thirty five and a highly experienced electronics engineer that had recently filled a sorely needed slot in their department. Colin had thought more than once over the past couple of months how he'd like to fill HER slot, but the opportunity had never really come up as they'd been very busy finishing up several very important projects. 

Thinking back a couple of week ago to a gathering at a local pub to celebrate the completion of a short but very important project, Colin had contrived to speak to Tracy, but only briefly. She seemed a bit nervous, but was very interesting to talk to and appeared attentive to him at the same time. Tracy had explained several interesting complications in her work on the project, but Colin had been more interested in admiring her long wavy dark red hair and beautiful green eyes. Tracy was about 5 foot 4 and nicely proportioned with a curvy figure that almost had him undressing her with his eyes. Although she wore no ring and had no boyfriend that he had heard about, Tracy was probably conscious of office politics, especially with Colin being senior and her being the new girl. That was the likely reason for her being nervous he figured, but she did buy him a drink, laughed shyly at a few of his attempts at humor and subtly suggested that she would be interested in going for a coffee before they were interrupted by some others. 

'Oh well', he thought as the conference moderator's voice brought him back to the present, he'd have to put any thoughts about pursuing Tracy on the back burner today as he had a definite interest in Jen.

Jen squeezed her legs together, squirming with wetness as the final session of the afternoon was concluding. She was feeling rather horny, being distracted numerous times during the afternoon with her thoughts turning to Darren. A couple of times that afternoon she had to go to the bathroom and while sitting there she couldn't resist massaging her slickness below and squeezing her breasts, but had to stop short each time as the bathroom door opened to admit other hotel guests. Thinking of Colin was seriously frustrating her and the thought of arranging to meet up after the day's events was making her yearn for his luscious member deep inside her. Immediately after the day's closing remarks Jen excused herself to go back to her room, her mind racing, thinking about the evening ahead on the chance that Colin would call her. 

Colin saw Jen leave and after a few moments stood up himself to say goodbye to the group. Spying Tracy, he got an inviting smile and wave from her before turning away and heading towards the elevator. All the way back to his room he thought of asking Jen over for a drink and perhaps joining him for dinner. Once he got in, he stripped off his jacket and when he reached into his pocket for his cell phone his hand closed on some paper. 'What's this?' he thought as he pulled out a napkin along with his phone. 

Colin laughed as he read the hastily scribbled note. "I've been thinking of you. Call me later. Jen." 

"Awesome" Colin said as he pumped his fist as the hockey guys did after a goal. Picking up the hotel phone he pressed a button.

"Room service. How can I help you?" said the voice on the other end of the line.

"Could you please send up a bottle of chilled Canadian Riesling and a couple of glasses? Colin asked. 

"Yes sir, it will be about ten minutes." 

"Great, thanks." Colin hung up and headed to the bedroom for a change of clothes. Thinking about Jen's amazing body, he started to get hard and rubbed himself for a minute or so, but stopped short blowing his load. 'Just so I won't be so quick off the mark if Jen is agreeable to some afternoon delight' he thought as he grabbed a pair of shorts and Hawaiian button down top. Colin was ready just in time to answer the knock at the door.

A young man entered and put the wine bucket and glasses on the counter. The suite Colin booked was like a small apartment and suitable for entertaining a small group of people. It had a good sized sitting area with two couches and chairs, open to a small kitchenette with fridge and stove, an adjoining bedroom had two Queen sized beds and an adjoining ensuite. The wide balcony was accessible from both rooms. Colin tipped the young man and when he left he grabbed his cell phone and dialed the number on the napkin.

The phone rang twice and a sweet voice answered "Hello, Jen speaking." 

"Hi Jen it's Colin. I got you note and I'd love for us to get together. Do you have any plans tonight?"

Jen replied with a slow purring voice. "Well, the team was planning to get together in the main bar, but I'd could be persuaded to bow out if you've got something in mind. I'm open to suggestions. Dinner? Drinks? Or something else a bit later if you like." 

"Well, those were certainly my first thoughts as well. I've had you on my mind ever since we spoke in the hall this morning. It's such a great hotel and thought you might like to take advantage of the pool. How about meeting me on the roof for a swim?"

"Oooohhh, that sounds wonderful," Jen practically squealed in excitement. "I've got a new bikini I've been dying to wear and I'd love to show it off for you. I need to get fixed up, but how about I meet you up there in about 15 minutes or so?"

"Great! See you shortly." Colin replied as his heart pounded in his ears. It was a spur of the moment change in plans to head up to the pool, and if she wanted to come back later, the wine would be perfect. He thought about any classic first encounter, dinner, drinks, but starting this one with a swim would set it apart from so many others and it would give him a great opportunity to get to know her a bit while checking out her sexy bod. Just what the doctor ordered. Pleased that Jen had eagerly agreed, he was curious about her hint about something later. "Interesting possibilities," he thought as he put on his swim trunks, grabbed a towel and headed for the door. 

Chapter III

Jen was even more excited now that Colin had called and surprised her with the pool idea. 'Hopefully it's just a prelude for some sweetness later,' she thought dreamily. Jen had been dying to show off her new bikini. She put it on and admired herself in the bathroom mirror, noting that her regular workouts were keeping her in nice form. "I hope he appreciates it" she thought, checking out how her bikini fit over her ass and boobs before slipping on a short terry robe and grabbing a towel.

Colin was sitting in the large hot tub facing the sliding glass doors that allowed access to the pool area. The pool was unsupervised and only one other couple was currently taking a leisurely swim and chatting quietly. When Jen opened the door and stepped onto the patio Colin's throat constricted slightly. "Gorgeous." Colin said to himself as Jen walked towards him. Her eyes were locked onto his as she moved gracefully down the length of the pool towards him. Stopping at the steps that lead down into the bubbling water, Jen removed her robe in a smooth motion and tossed it onto a nearby chair along with her towel. 

The white knit bikini was amazing. He could almost see the dark circles of her areolas through the small triangles of material that barely covered her breasts. He judged that her tits were just a bit more than a handful. Just the size he liked. Her patch down below was also covered by a modest triangle with the material rounding up to cover most of her beautifully sculpted ass but leaving her hips bare, with tie strings across both sides. 

With a bright smile and sweat giggle, Jen spun around in a flourish, raising her arms up over her head to show herself off for good effect. "You like?" she asked, taking the first step down into the water.

"You could say that." Colin replied and coughed, pulling his hand to his mouth in an effort to recover for his moment of staring at her. He could not take his eyes away from this angelic vision. "Yesss," he said recovering from his momentary lapse "I like your outfit very much. It definitely suits you." Colin admired a full view of her inner thighs as she stepped onto the tub's edge and offered his hand to help her the rest of the way down. 

Jen tentatively took the next step into the hot water and leaned forward to grasp Colin's hand while steadying herself on the tub's edge. Colin could see that she was making the most of her movements. Her breasts were almost in full view, nearly spilling out of her bikini top as she descended into the water. Colin thought of what it would be like to have his lips on her slick pussy as she took the final step down into the water and nestled in beside him.

"Aaahhhh." Jen's sighed with great satisfaction, leaning her head back. "I love hot tubs. They work out the aches and really relax me."

"Yeah," Colin's voice was still a bit strained as was his thickening rod in his bathing suit, but he managed to add casually "just the ticket after today's long session." Colin leaned over and turned on the hot tub's sound system so they had a bit of background music. Leaning back until the water reached his neck, he turned his head until he was looking at Jen's beautiful profile. Almost floating in the water, her breasts rose up and down with each breath as she luxuriated under the jets and bubbles. After a few quiet moments, Colin asked Jen. "So how were your break-out sessions today?"
