 For those of you who are visually minded, a brief description of our heroine: She is in her mid-20's, about 5ft 6in and a shapely UK size 10-12. She is an hourglass with a 26in waist and 32E chest. She has waist-length black hair, a mediterranean complexion and dark brown eyes. 

I hope you enjoy my first submission...

* * * *

The penultimate day of the conference was a long one. As she left the darkened meeting room, blinking into the afternoon sunlight, she reflected on the sad fact that business trips weren't all the fun she had expected them to be! She spotted her colleagues across the atrium and headed over. Tonight they would splinter from the main group of delegates and have dinner away from their manic networking. She couldn't wait. 

The evening passed pleasantly, shop-talk barely making an appearance, far more time devoted to easygoing chat and innocent flirtation. Half the office seemed to have flown out for this conference, a mixture of researchers, PhD students and management, all relaxing in the informality halfway across the world. After a long dinner and a few glasses of wine, groups of three or four started detaching and moving off to nearby bars. One of the students, a dark haired bestubbled type called David, leaned over and mumbled into her ear: "Are you staying out tonight? I don't think I can take another heavy one, I'm wandering back to the hotel in a minute!" She nodded sympathetically – the managers really did possess a superhuman talent for alcohol consumption – and gathered herself up to leave. 

Meandering back across town, they chatted happy inanities and swapped stories of the old days. In no time they reached the hotel and squeezed into the foyer lift. Standing so close, she realised he had gone quiet and glanced across, abruptly aware of his proximity. For some reason she found herself blushing.

His eyes lifted to meet hers, apprehension drifting behind. Dizzily she felt him put one arm around her and pull her even closer: his lips brushed against hers and the tension broke. Dragging her fingers through his hair, she yanked him forwards. Their mouths pressed together in an unfamiliar kiss, lips crushing, tongues slipping together and exploring. Her mind reeled – how long had they worked together and she had never thought of him doing this! Through his shirt she felt his muscles and hot skin while he ran the palms of his hands around her waist and over her hips. She shivered. 

Pulling back, she eyed him suspiciously... something weird was going on here. He chuckled and, taking her hand, dragged her out of the lift towards his room. 

They slipped inside the door. She noted absently his room was the mirror image of her own, the next floor up. Crossing to the bed the anxiety crept up – wouldn't this be strange? – but he evidently felt nothing of that, grabbing the hem of her top, peeling it up over her breasts and then her head as she pulled her long hair through. Her fingers tentatively moved to his shirt, unbuttoning and pulling it open and off his muscular arms. What a time to be shy! She shot him a sly smile, unclipped her bra and tossed it across the room. He couldn't keep his hands off her, placing them on her stomach and stroking up towards her chest, holding her tits heavily. 

His mouth slightly agape, he glanced nervously between them and her eyes. She was touched by his alternating nervousness and enthusiasm, so similar to herself, so leaning forward to kiss him she unbuckled his belt and they sank to the bed. 

They stroked and groped and teased each other, he pulling off his remaining clothes impatiently while she slipped out of hers. She couldn't help but raise an eyebrow... what a monster! Straddling him on the massive bed she rubbed the head up and down her slippery shaved lips. Realising he was watching her, she smiled from her reverie, grasped his shaft and guided him in towards the deep ache. Slowly so slowly, she swallowed him up, until the delicious throb amplified and she was completely full. 

Wow, she thought. Just... wow. 

He interrupted her dreamy state by grasping her arms and deftly rolling, pinning her beneath him. He withdrew then slammed back into her pussy, making her yelp. She felt crushed – oh it was beautiful – pinned open trapped used helpless. He built up a rhythm, beating her down into the bed, and her hand snaked down between them to her clitoris. They were both soaking wet and the gentle swirling pressure added lightning to the blissful fullness and abuse he was dealing her. She liked doing it this way, controlling when she came and doubling the pleasure. But this was different – holding himself up with one arm, he brutally grabbed one breast and she felt the edge getting closer, completely beyond her control. 

He's using me, she thought. Groping me and fucking me like an animal. I want him to fuck me so hard that I split! I want more! 

Moaning wordlessly and crying out with each violent stroke, she became aware of a change in him, could almost see in his eyes the pressure building. 

She growled: "Fuck me. Fuck me and fill me up" and he did, waves of cum pounding into her and setting off her own orgasm. She clawed at his buttocks, biting and moaning as everything receded for that short time, being aware of nothing beyond her hot, bruised pussy overflowing with cum. 

Separating, they rolled over and she stared into his dark eyes. Frowning, murmured "What have we done?" "What happens at a conference, you know... stays at the conference. Nobody has to know anything." She stroked his slick chest for a couple of minutes, pulled away and kissed him goodnight. Slipping out of the room, she couldn't help but think: the rest of the trip was going to be interesting.

* * * * 

In the morning she went down to breakfast and tried to avoid David. It wasn't that she didn't want to see him, it just felt uncomfortable as if everyone who saw them together knew exactly what they had done. Having a one-night stand with a colleague was not healthy for her career. 

Their group left the hotel together to walk the short distance to the conference venue. She'd never felt so self-conscious, but the rest of the day went off without a hitch. Soon came the prospect of the final night's celebrations: everyone was expected to be there, forcing conversation and squeezing the last bit of shmoozing in before returning to wherever in the world they were representing. Her only chance to get out of it was some sort of excuse from the boss. 

She couldn't believe her luck when her manager Chris asked her to a meeting after dinner – fantastic! Right up until she realised the discussion involved David too. Well, she thought. At least this is the last night - just a few hours and they'd all be flying back to normality. 

The meeting was pretty much as she expected... Chris, a lanky man in his late thirties, had been pretty wild in his youth and whenever he was let off the leash the booze flowed freely. Work was sorted out surprisingly quickly in fact, leaving her mind to wander back to David and the previous night. He seemed to be doing a fair job of pretending, although she felt utterly transparent. Chris would be seriously pissed off, she was sure, they had to keep it quiet. 

Chris asked David to go to the bar for the next round of drinks. A look passed between them, and once again she got the impression that something odd was going on. 

As he got up to leave, Chris scooted over: "So, come on, how have you enjoyed the conference?"

Her eyes widened. She felt herself flushing and tried to bite down on her stammer... "Oh... it's been great... all the talks have been so interesting and meeting everyone face to face... you know, great..."

He smiled that cheeky grin of his, glanced up to check that David was still at the bar, and leaned in closer. "You know what I mean. I get the feeling that something happened last night, you're so nervous today, so stop worrying about it! What happens at the conference, stays at the conference!"

Just what the bloody hell was going on here! She narrowed her eyes and peered at him sidelong just as David returned clutching three oversized glasses. Oh great, cocktails on top of beers with all this cryptic nudging? Had everyone gone mad with being away from home? 

The men bantered while she sipped her drink thoughtfully. Clearly Chris knew or suspected she had screwed around with David but he was positively gleeful about it; not that he could have put David up to it, I mean, he was his PhD supervisor, her boss. It was all getting rather too surreal. 

She figured that the two of them would be settling in for a few more drinks so, downing the dregs of her own, she tried to excuse herself only to find both of them getting up to leave as well. So all together they left the bar, the men clowning around and hamming up their drunkenness, skipping rowdily down the street to the hotel with their arms draped around her and each other's shoulders. What a ridiculous sight.

In the foyer Chris decided they were all going to have some tea before bed – there was an early plane to catch - so he led the way back to his room. She half expected it to be some expansive luxury suite and was a little disappointed to find a room identical to her own... ah well that was the glamourous world of scientific academia, she supposed! He put on the kettle and got everything ready, whipped up three brews and handed them out.

As she turned to put down the hot tea, a hand gently pressed on her hip. She froze. Slowly turning back, with shock she realised it belonged to Chris. For once, he looked perfectly serious. Meeting his eyes, she found herself placing her hand on top of his, but not moving it away. In the back of her head an insistent voice shouted this was insane, what was she doing? But at the fore was just the warm, tingling anticipation of doing something she shouldn't, of wanting this man and wanting him to want her back. A murmured echo from yesterday, "...nobody has to know..."

The alcohol buzz and the weirdness of the last few days made her think: well, why not? Leaning towards him she grasped the back of his neck and pulled him against her. She dragged her lips down his neck and nibbled back up to his jaw, losing herself once again in unfamiliar intimacy. His aftershave was hot in her lungs as she breathed him in. He groaned and she was really getting into it, kissing biting groping and pushing him back to lie on the bed. 

When a pair of hands landed on her back she almost jumped out of her skin – David had of course been watching all this time. She whipped around and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck, surprising him in return. All inhibitions seemed to have evaporated. Panting heavily from mauling the boss, she curled her fingers into David's hair (such a normal action now) and stared into his eyes foreheads pressed together. She wanted him, wanted both of them, but in particular those dark eyes set her skin on fire. He was so goddamned beautiful. She gave him a crushing kiss and felt the bed shift as Chris sat up. 

Almost tenderly, Chris started peeling off her clothes while David kept her busy. The shirt unbuttoned... bra slipped off... skirt slid down to the floor until she was perched on the end of his bed in nothing more than her black lace shorts. David's hands were already roaming across her bared skin and fighting with themselves to undress himself; Chris stood up to do the same. Even as she kissed his student she threw a hooded look up to him. Come here, she thought, I want to feel your lips and all these hands on me at once. But all that actually escaped from her was a soft "...please...".

Chris practically flew at her, and she fell to the bed with a laugh, cut short by the gasp as he firmly grabbed a tit and slid his fingers down to her wet crotch. Already hot and throbbing, she could only whimper. David scooted over and sat at the head of the bed, beckoning "Come over here," as if it was any normal conversation they were having. Crawling across the bed she knew Chris was getting an award-winning look at her wiggling arse up in the air, and she looked good from that angle. 

When she reached him she needed no instruction, dipping her head down she took his hard cock into her mouth. She crooned and let him slide in deep, drawing back to swirl her tongue around the head and lick her lips. By now David was leaning back relaxed with a dopey smile on his face, as she went to work on him and tried to fit as much as possible into her throat. Chris' hands stroked up and down her inner thighs driving her wild, and she was on the verge of begging him to fuck her. He pulled the lace to one side of her pussy and trailed his tongue up the full length of her slit... just once. She quivered with the beautiful melting sensation. Feeling the weight shift again as he kneeled behind her, he positioned his cock at her entrance and applied a very gentle pressure. Mm, she loved how dirty it felt to be fucked with her knickers still on, and wondered what the lace would feel like rubbing along his shaft as he penetrated her. In time with the rocking motion as she throated David, Chris slid into her bit by bit until he achingly pushed against her cervix, such an incredible pleasure/pain. He barely withdrew, just rocked with her leaving her feeling utterly filled. 

Both of the men were only just warming up, but being pinned between them like this, being filled up was too much. Her orgasm tore through her, a hot wave lapping all the way to her toes, bouncing back and forth... they withdrew letting her lie panting on her side. All three were grinning like idiots, the men still with raging hardons of course. While David rubbed her shoulders and she recovered, Chris got up to find his tea, downing it in a couple of gulps. David laughed as he declared "Ah! That's better, let's go!" and jumped back onto the bed. 

He leaned over her, scooped her up so that she was practically sitting in David's lap. Intuitively she knew exactly where this was going, something she had not indulged in since her crazier student days. David still sat to attention with his back against the headboard, such a welcoming position, and she tugged off her underwear before lining up. He held her buttocks as she let his cock press against her hole. She was liberally covered in lubrication from a few minutes earlier, so she only needed to drop down gently for the head to push past the resistance at the entrance to her rectum. Carefully she impaled herself on him and he sat perfectly still letting her do it. 

When he was inside her to the hilt he began kissing the back of her neck, stroking her arms and tits and belly. Chris moved forwards to fold himself into position, sitting closely face to face with her, slid his cock into her pussy, and after a moment's reflection he and David began to thrust just out of sync. 

How to describe it? There was simply nothing else like it. Being so full with the pressure of two cocks, while the student nibbled at her shoulders and her manager held her – it wasn't right, but it wasn't wrong at that moment either. They tried to be patient with her and kept their rhythm gentle, but the sensation was increasing with every stroke, and her moans seemed to set them off too. She found herself leaning forwards, Chris rolling onto his back, while David struggled to stay with them, until they found the position where she could be sandwiched between them: Chris at the bottom and David pressing down on top.

She was getting hotter and the thrusts were becoming erratic, and the thought of Chris filling her with his cum was all she needed. She wanted it so badly, desperately! She cried out, pressing down on his cock violently, the spasms tearing through her body and feeling him twitch and spurt so deep inside her. Barely a moment later she felt David's weight on her back as he ground his hips against her buttocks and pumped his jism into her bowels. 

They fell into a sticky heap, contented and sleepy. 

A couple of hours later she awoke in a bizarre mangle of limbs, extricated herself and returned to her room to sleep soundly until breakfast. Nothing of the evening seemed entirely real. Had David been set up to seduce her the night before? Could Chris really be that manipulative? As they boarded the plane later that morning, she realised how sad it was to go back to work again... and how much she was looking forward to the next conference...