 (Author's note: all characters in this story are pretty clearly over 18.

Many thanks for Ravenna for her help in making this a better story and for her patience with a newby.)

***

I knew better than to try to fly home on a Friday evening. Whether it's a thunderstorm in Atlanta or snow in New York, even the slightest weather issue anywhere on the East Coast turns air travel into a disaster. But my client insisted on a late afternoon meeting so here I was trying to fly out of National in DC while storms swept through the Northeast and I knew I was doomed. Sure enough, I got the text about an hour before flight time that my flight was not just delayed, it was canceled. I was experienced enough to try to find someplace to spend the night before bothering to call the airline, as hold times would be crazy long. I'd stayed a number of times at a couple of the nearby Marriotts and was lucky enough to find a room in the Crystal Gateway for the night.

So I grabbed my bags and headed through the muggy evening to the airport Metro station, as the hotel was just one stop north on the Yellow and Blue Lines. I grabbed a couple of cans of local craft brew from the market in the underground shops connecting the Metro to the hotels before checking in. And after 45 minutes on hold, I finally got a flight home to North Carolina scheduled for 11am the next day.

It was after 8pm by then and I hadn't eaten anything since a quick lunch at noon but I was more tired than hungry. Rather than brave the rain and heat to go out to a restaurant, I decided just to grab a bite at the lobby bar in the hotel before going back to the room and watching some TV or something. The bar was pretty crowded but I was able to snag a seat at the end next to the wait station where I settled in with a pint of local IPA and a crabcake sandwich. I'm a people watcher, so I idly scanned the room which was filled with your usual couples and small groups except for one large party of nine or ten folks of various ages. That usually means either a family reunion or a wedding and given that a couple of the older guys were still in suits, I figured it was the die-hards partying after a wedding rehearsal dinner.

There was one young woman at the end of the assembled tables that stood out among the older guys in suits. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was a stunning young blonde, probably mid-20s, wearing a blue spaghetti-strap dress that was tight enough across her chest to make it clear she wasn't wearing anything under it. She was chatting and laughing with a couple of the older guys and seemed to be having a good time until she got up to get some more drinks and one of the guys grabbed her very cute round ass. Her face went from friendly to furious and she whirled around and slapped him across the face with a smack that was heard across the lobby (and probably across the Potomac). Things got completely quiet in the bar for a moment as she strode to the bar, blonde head held high, and stood next to me waiting to catch the bartender's attention, breathing hard and trembling a little bit. The normal bar noise started back up when it was apparent that the show was over so I had to lean close to her to ask if she was ok. There was still fire in those gorgeous blue eyes but her face softened as she touched my shoulder. "Thanks for asking, but I'm ok. He's an asshole but he's also my dad's business partner so I kind of have to be nice to him," she said. "Well look, if you need anything, I'm in room 612. Just let me know," I replied. She looked me in the eyes, gave my arm a squeeze and said "Thank you! You're sweet." She took the beers that the bartender delivered to her back to the table and dumped them both over the asshole's head, set the empty glasses on the next table and then walked triumphantly out of the bar to thunderous applause.

I paid up and headed for my own room soon after that, settling in with a late baseball game and a beer (the Nats were on a West Coast swing). A couple of innings and half a pint later I heard a knock at the door and realized I'd forgotten to put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign up. I looked out the peephole expecting to see room service trying to deliver to the wrong room but instead was treated to the sight of the young blonde from the bar. She looked incredible even with the distortion from the peephole. I stood there for a moment as she looked from side to side down the hallway as if hoping not to be seen. Finally I opened the door and asked cleverly, "Can I help you?" I'm real smooth sometimes. She pushed the door open and quickly stepped inside and shut the door behind her. "Yes. Yes I think you can," she said. I offered to get her something to drink and turned to walk to the sink where I had another beer cooling in ice when behind me I heard her say "My boyfriend passed out on me and I'm horny as fuck!"

I stopped mid-reach and turned around in time to see her slip the straps of her dress off her shoulders and do a delicious shimmy as it flowed down over her perfect breasts and pooled on the floor around her bare feet. God, she was a vision. Shoulder-length blonde hair, beautiful face that was grinning rather lasciviously at me at the moment, breasts that looked like they were created by a master sculptor (not too big, not too small) and a slender waist above a completely shaved pussy peeking between her gorgeous legs.

She stepped out of her dress as I started towards her. She walked up to me and threw her arms around my neck and pulled my head down to hers. Our mouths met as she slipped her tongue into me, wrestling with mine like we'd been lovers for years. I'd never been with a woman this intense this fast, so I guessed she wasn't kidding when she said her boyfriend had left her on the verge. And, uh, I suspect a bit of alcohol may have had a role to play. Just a bit. I managed to overcome my shock enough to put my arms around this naked vision and pull her close to me, as much as anything to reassure myself that she was real and that I hadn't fallen and hit my head on the Metro and wasn't hallucinating everything else.

She broke the kiss off and wrapped her right leg around the back of my ankle and gave my chest a sudden shove, pushing me backwards onto the bed. That wasn't hard to do as I'd had a couple of beers myself and wasn't at my steadiest. She then climbed on top of me on all fours, returning to our tongue duel while I stroked her back and sweet little round ass. I would have sworn she was purring. Her skin was pale and perfectly smooth and I could feel wonderfully toned muscles as I massaged her butt and pulled her against me, silently blessing bad weather and wondering how in the hell I'd gotten so lucky.

We ground into each other for a couple of minutes before she broke free and climbed further up my torso like a horizontal mountain climber. Reaching the summit, she wrapped her thighs around my head, sitting on my chest and holding her wet, warm pussy just out of reach of my mouth. I could feel the heat on my face and smell the wonderful perfume of a healthy aroused young woman. I looked past her toned tummy and between her heavenly breasts to see her grinning down at me, as if wondering what I was going to do. I decided I'd had enough of teasing and grabbed her by the waist to pull her down onto my waiting mouth. She tasted as good as she smelled and she gasped as I slid my tongue up the folds of her sex. I tried to take it slow but she was having none of that as she ground her pussy down over my face. I focused on long strokes of my tongue over her pussy lips and then tilted my head a little sideways a bit to give her fingers room as she began to stroke her clit. She then shifted forward a bit until I was tonguing her asshole while my nose was buried in her wet cunt. I was finding it a bit hard to breathe but I thought to myself that it would be one hell of a way to go before I finally shoved her back enough that I could take a couple of gasping breaths. I drove my tongue into her pussy as deep as it would go as she rode my face and her thighs tightened around my head. A steady stream of moans and expletives escaped her mouth as I felt her muscles grip my tongue and try to pull it further in. She ground her clit against my nose as she came, shouting loud enough that I'm sure everyone on the floor of the hotel heard her.

She collapsed on the bed beside me as I came up for air and realized that I was still fully clothed and my straining cock was still trapped in my jeans. I slid off the bed and fumbled for my zipper, trying to free my poor dick from its prison. I'm sure I looked completely suave and sophisticated as I hopped around on one foot trying to pull my jeans off. I finally managed to undress and looked back to the bed where my new blonde friend (fuck, I still didn't know her name!) was lying on her back with her head off the bed, watching me upside down with a silly grin on her face.

My newly-freed cock was way past due for some attention so I walked over to the bed, bent my knees a bit and presented it to Blondie. She reached up and started stroking it before using it as a handle to pull me closer until I was straddling her head. She licked my balls while she slowly stroked my cock with her left hand and caressed her breasts with her right. She lavished wonderful oral attention on one nut, then the other, then licked in between with long strokes. That felt incredibly good but I was pretty sure having her mouth around my dick would be even better, so I backed up a bit and slowly slid it into her mouth. I leaned over the bed, holding myself up with my left arm while stroking her toned tummy with my right as she sucked away at my cock and squeezed my ass cheeks. I was in a bit of a strain in that position with my knees bent at an uncomfortable angle and I knew I wasn't in any shape to stay there for long but it felt incredible as I started moving in and out of her mouth, slowly fucking her face like it was a warm wet pussy. With teeth. Which thankfully she knew how to use sparingly and to good effect.

I could tell my legs were about to give out, so I reluctantly pulled out of her sweet mouth and climbed onto the big bed beside her. We kissed with our arms around each other for a couple of minutes before she rolled back over onto her back, spread her legs wide, looked me in the eyes and matter-of-factly said, "Fuck me." So I did.

I entered her slowly, making sure we both felt every inch of each other as I explored her warm, wet sex. When I couldn't get any deeper, I stopped for a moment to feel her tighten around me before I started slowly stroking in and out of her. In a night already full of incredible sensations, the feel of her cunt gripping my cock as I slowly fucked her was unbelievable. Her legs, which she had been holding as wide as possible, relaxed after a few minutes, her eyes closing as she sighed and her arms fell to her side. I thought that maybe she'd had more to drink than I'd imagined and given that I have a firm rule about not screwing unconscious women, I started to pull out. Her eyes flew open as I started to withdraw and she grabbed me hard by the hair and pulled my ear down to her mouth. She hissed, "Stop again. And I will. Fucking. Kill you." Well, alrighty then. Wanting to preserve my life at all costs, I resumed my fucking and to ensure I didn't slip up again, she wrapped her legs tightly around me and drove her tongue into my mouth and her nails into my back. Definitely not unconscious.

She felt incredible and despite the erectile stamina that I get from just the right amount of alcohol, I knew I wasn't going to last more than a couple of minutes. Hell, given how hot she was, and the situation, and how long it had been since I'd had sex, it was a miracle I hadn't cum in my jeans the minute she dropped her dress. I hoped that a change of position would give me a little more time (Lord knows I didn't want this to end!) so I slowed down and then carefully flipped us both over. She rose above me, riding my cock while I reached up to massage her perfect breasts. As we both got closer to release, she stopped moving up and down and focused on grinding her clit against my pelvic bone, which drove my cock as deep inside her as it would go. Her eyes rolled up and I felt her thighs start to quiver as her orgasm built, and I felt my balls tighten as I reached the same point. I think she may have been ahead of me by a couple of seconds but not much more. I felt my orgasm start somewhere around my toes as I came hard deep inside her. At the same time, her head went back and she gasped and moaned and then sighed before collapsing onto my chest.

I was exhausted and I was pretty sure that she was too. I had no idea what time it was by then and was too unfocused to even look at the clock. She rolled off of me onto the bed and I lay next to her with my arms around her as she put her head on my shoulder. It was sweet and wonderful and awesome and lasted all of about 45 seconds before some jerkwad started knocking on the door.

My first thought was that I really, really should have remembered that 'Do Not Disturb' sign, but my second, more concerning thought was that someone's boyfriend was coming looking for her. My young friend seemed less concerned. She looked over towards the door and giggled, "Oh, shit, the cops!" I walked over and looked through the peephole expecting to see a linebacker type but instead looked down to see a very short, very cute redhead in a t-shirt and booty shorts knocking insistently on the door and saying in a loud whisper, "Natalie! Are you in there?"

I turned to the vision of naked sexiness on the bed and asked with a grin, "Pardon me, miss. Would your name happen to be Natalie?" She giggled again and nodded her head. Coming hard a couple of times apparently put her in a silly mood. "Do you know a feisty little redhead that might be looking for you?" "Fuck, that's Peggy! Let her in before she really does call the cops!" she replied, her smile fading a bit.

I opened the door and a 5'0" ball of fire and fury apparently named Peggy marched past me, ignoring the fact that I was naked, still semi-erect, covered in sweat and sex and that it was my damn room. I offered her that poor lonely last beer but she ignored me and went straight over to the blonde in my bed (Natalie!) and started in on her. "Come on, you fucking slut, you need to get back! We've got a big day tomorrow!" Natalie was still lying naked, sweaty and momentarily spent on the bed, with a combination of our sexual juices running down her legs. She was absent-mindedly running her fingers over the wetness on the insides of her thighs and seemed disinclined to go anywhere any time soon. She frowned at her friend and complained, "But I'm still horny, you midget! Hey, I'll bet he can get it up again!" Peggy climbed up on the bed, straddling Natalie's torso and trying to loom over her as much as a five foot nothing young woman can loom. "Damn it, Nat, get your big fat ass in gear and get dressed." Let us be clear, that was completely unfair. Natalie's ass was not fat. It was the kind of perfection that is worshiped by men the world over. Armies have gone to war over asses like that.

Since I had failed twice to find a taker for that poor lonely beer, I popped the top myself and settled down onto the sofa to see how this would play out. Peggy had her hands on Natalie's shoulders and was bouncing the taller woman's torso up and down on the bed until Natalie reached up and pulled Red's head down to her and drove her tongue into Peggy's mouth. Well, that was something! They were getting deep into it and I was getting very, very hard again watching the two of them frenching each other. Peggy pulled back and said, "So that's the way you want to play this, bitch?" She reached down and grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt with both hands and pulled it up over her head (oh, fuck, another pair of perfect tits - Peggy's looked bigger given her much smaller frame but they were actually quite similar in size and shape and lusciousness and jeez I was pretty damn sure I'd never been in a room with four absolutely perfect naked breasts before). Natalie tried to pull Peggy's shorts off but was getting in the way more than helping, until Peggy rolled back, slid them off quickly, then rolled back up on top of Natalie, sliding her left leg between her friend's thighs. She moved up until her red-hair-framed pussy was rubbing against Natalie's shaved one.

Let me tell you something. If a straight guy tells you that he doesn't find watching two healthy, attractive young women screwing each other to be about the most erotic and arousing thing he can imagine, he's either lying or he's dead. Maybe both. I was in heaven watching these two go at it, Peggy riding Natalie for all she was worth and Natalie bucking up and fucking back every bit as hard. It looked like Peggy got there first, as her head snapped back and she cried, "Fuck, baby, I'm coming so hard for you! Don't stop!" Given the situation I think she would have had to have been the one to stop since she was on top but I'm guessing she wasn't really thinking logically at that point.

I didn't hear any more discussion of the two of them leaving after that. Peggy turned around and slid down Natalie's body until she could reach Nat's pussy with her tongue and Natalie guided her friend's legs over her shoulders so that she could do the same for Peggy. I got halfway through my IPA and started wondering whether Peggy was a girls-only girl. As much as I really wanted to join them, I wanted to be respectful of their preferences. Even though they were in my fucking bed. I'm nice that way. But Natalie looked over at me, winked, then pointed at Peggy's pussy, which was hovering just over the blonde's grinning face. I'm not always the sharpest knife in the drawer but that seemed like a pretty clear answer to my unspoken question so I forgot about the damn beer and went back over to the bed.

Peggy was completely engrossed in licking her blonde friend's pussy so she was unaware that I was behind her until I slipped the head of my cock inside her. I gave her a few seconds to freak out and pull away but instead, she tilted her hips back to give me a better angle then pushed back against me. She wasn't still tonguing Nat but she had three fingers pistoning in and out of her friend's cunt while I tried to follow her rhythm while fucking her from behind. She was so tight and so wet and felt incredibly good. After every few strokes, I'd stop and almost pull out and Natalie would lick my balls while she stroked Peggy's clit with her thumb. Then I'd slide back inside Peggy's very wet, very tight pussy for a few more strokes. It was while she had my balls in her mouth that Natalie started to cum again, humming around my scrotum and thankfully managing to avoid biting my nuts off. I slid back inside Peggy and picked up my pace, slamming myself into her while holding onto her hips to keep from shooting her across the room. Her back arched and she screeched as her orgasm hit her, almost pushing me out as she came hard again. As soon as her tight little vagina started to pulse around me, I knew I was done for. I pulled her back onto my cock as hard as I could and came for what seemed like minutes. I reluctantly pulled out of Peggy and Natalie greedily sucked my now spent cock into her warm mouth while my cum leaked out of Peggy's twat onto Natalie's neck.

I was exhausted, more tired than I'd been in a long time. I pulled away and leaned down to give Natalie a messy kiss, gave Peggy a playful swat on her beautiful butt and then stumbled off to the bathroom to get rid of those last two beers. When I came back, Natalie had her arms around Peggy, who was snuggled with her back up to Nat and they were both sound asleep. I climbed into bed behind Natalie, kissed the back of her neck, pulled the blanket up over the three of us and was out like a light.
