 Work had been hell lately, so when Matt's wife suggested they go get couple massages on Saturday, it didn't take much to convince him. She informed him that they even provided wine and beer for them while relaxing. He could handle that. 

When they arrived Saturday morning they were escorted into plush suites where he was shown where they kept 15 varieties of beer. He promptly chose one and stripped down naked, eyeing his wife while she did the same. She was an attractive woman, no doubt about it. She wasn't always the prettiest woman in the room but most of the time she was. When she wasn't, she was a very close second. She didn't have over-sized or too small assets tits and ass. They were ample and still firm while still being in proportion to her frame. He took a chance to eye her nakedness every time he had one. 

They laid on their bellies on side by side massage beds. They were close enough to be able to have conversations without raising their voices, but there was plenty of room for2 masseuses to go between. Upon entering, he'd informed the front desk that he definitely didn't want a male masseuse and they had informed him that his wife had made the arrangements ahead of time and it was already taken care of. She had made sure he would have a female. Yep, his wife was hot and considerate. 

Moments after they had lain down and gotten comfortable with their drinks close by their masseuses had come in. They were both definitely female. Both of them boasted tits bigger than his wife's, Amy. One was blonde and the other brunette and both very attractive. He really didn't care which one was rubbing on him, he liked them both. He felt like he'd gotten a bonus to the massage by getting these 2. Their white smocks looked a little short but what did he know? He'd never gotten a massage before and it very well could be the angle he was looking up at them.

The ladies spoke softly and introduced themselves. The blonde walked to his side while the brunette went to Amy. They introduced themselves as Brandi and Tammi. Cute. He lifted enough so she could get the little towel unwrapped from around his waist and drape it across his ass instead. In a few moments he felt her warm, oiled hands on his back. This was Heaven. 

He closed his eyes and enjoyed feeling his muscles relax under her experienced hands. He found himself wondering why he hadn't done this before but decided he would just be glad that he was doing it now. She moved from his back to his legs, first one and then other. He felt her remove the towel and her hands began to massage his ass cheeks. In just a matter of moments he found it very sensual. Is this what it was always like or was he just being a typical male getting horny over it? He decided he didn't care and just enjoyed her hands massaging his cheeks and enjoying it even more when her fingers barely went between his ass cheeks and lightly grazed his balls. She was getting her hands in there good to massage his upper thigh. His very, upper thigh.

A few moments later she stopped and gently asked him turn over. At this point he would do whatever this lovely goddess asked him to do. She straightened out his arm so that only his wrist was off the table and began massaging his arm for the full body massage. She leaned in and he realized that this put his hands directly between her legs. He could be a good boy, he could he tried to convince himself. Especially with his wife in the next bed. She would lean over to get close to his shoulder and then lean back out to get closer to his wrist. Every time she moved back and forth his fingertips were just barely stroking her pussy and it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out very quickly she wasn't wearing panties. Suddenly he heard her asking Tammi, the other masseuse if she would give her a hand for a minute. She was on his other side in no time and began massaging his other arm. He now had his fingers stroking 2 very wet pussies since Tammi had put his hand in the exact same position. He kept his eyes closed and tried his best to pretend like he didn't notice. 

Brandi moved around to his head to massage his chest, while Tammi continued working on his arm. When Brandi bent over to get his lower chest and upper abdomen, this put her very ample tits right in his face. Almost directly in his mouth. Once again her back and forth motion started. Tits in his face, tits out of his face. Only when she was standing up straight which put her pussy very close to his nose. Since she only had on a short smock with no panties he could smell her wet pussy every time those tits were out of his face. The entire time his face couldn't decide if he'd rather have those tits in his face or smell that wet pussy and Tammi was basically stroking herself with the help of his hands --though he hadn't moved a muscle. When he heard a gasp a moment later and the massaging stopped by both women, he had no doubts they'd spied his raging hard on. Well who could blame him. 

He heard whispering for a moment and then before he knew it, he felt fingers wrap around his dick. With his eyes closed he couldn't tell who it was and he didn't really care. A moment later the fingers were joined by wet lips wrapping themselves around his head. The fingers were removed a few moments later to allow that delicious mouth full access to his shaft. Her expert tongue stroked him as someone massaged his balls. He was close to losing his load when it stopped, and was replaced a few moments later but with a distinctly different set of lips. This one liked to suck more than use her tongue but that was fine with him. She took him to the back of her throat and bobbed up and down on him sucking and slurping. When he was close to cumming again, it stopped, replaced by the tongue that loved to roam up and down. They continued swapping off for a while until he thought he couldn't take it anymore. He opened his eyes and watched as all of a sudden he felt 2 tongues running up and down on his hard dick. They both had their tongues stroking him and licking around the head. Their tongues worked in sync and played with each other while never seeming to miss a beat on his very swollen member.

"I'm about to cum" he heard himself saying though he wasn't sure where it came from. 

"No" he heard Brandi blurt out. "Let me feel him inside me first, please!" It was at this moment he remembered his wife was there with him. He looked over at her with his eyes wide and saw her sitting up watching the show. She simply smiled at him and said "Enjoy". 

He looked over at Brandi's puppy dog eyes and told to get on and buckle up. She straddled him, facing away from him so he got a perfect view of her very fine ass. Tammi's fingers were around him again stroking him when he saw her go between Brandi's legs as she was up on her knees. "I'm just getting her ready for you" he heard her say before putting her mouth back between those tanned legs. In just moments Brandi was grinding on Tammi's face, while Tammi's hand kept a steady rhythm going on his cock. 

"Get it inside of you now" he managed to grunt out. Tammi's mouth left Brandi and went to his cock while Brandi adjusted herself over him. She bent over slightly and gave him a perfect view of her tight little asshole. She lowered herself on him while Tammi moved out of her way and they moaned together. She rode his dick hard and fast. Tammi not wanting to miss out on the action, had her face in the middle of it. She was licking Brandi's clit and stroking her tongue on him when Brandi was lifted up. Her tongue was everywhere driving them crazy. Brandi would slow down for moments and do a slow grind and kiss Tammi before acting like the energizer bunny going up and down on his dick again. When she bent forward for better leverage, he couldn't resist and slid a finger into her very tight asshole. Everything was lubed up and it slid in very easily. 

This must have been what she was waiting for because she started fucking him harder and faster than he'd ever been fucked before in his life. He could feel her tightening around him and knew she was about to cum. He couldn't hold back either and released his load just as she started screaming. 

It took a few moments before he could catch his breath and Brandi seemed to have the same problem. Eventually she went to lift off of him and Tammi promptly took his dick in her mouth and cleaned him off. Then she leaned Brandi against the bed that his wife was still sitting on watching everything and cleaned all of the cum out of her. When she stood up, she looked at his wife and leaned in and kissed her! His wife was tasting his cum mixed with another woman's pussy juices, off yet another woman's mouth!  

*

He would have to think of something to make this up to her and let her know she was appreciated. 