 When I hung up the phone, I admit I might have slammed down the receiver in frustration. It was Monday and I had been looking forward to an evening spent in my recliner with a couple beers and some Monday Night Football. Instead, I had just been informed that I had been enlisted by my wife to help entertain another in a seemingly endless stream of consultants brought in to figure out how to make my wife's place of employment hum.

"I know how much you hate it," she started, "but Bill already has a meeting and I agreed to meet Jan and her husband for dinner."

Kate's request was both surprising and unsurprising at the same time. It was not unusual to have consultants come to town and to have Kate's boss pawn them off on her. It was unusual to have the consultant be a woman and be accompanied by her spouse. I was accustomed to being asked to tag along with Kate, who was uncomfortable going solo when the consultant was a man. She had done it once, and complained the guy spent the entire time staring at her ample bosom and even tried groping her after insisting he should escort Kate to her car.

"Please come with me," she pleaded, "I really, really need your support."

That did it. Kate had thrown out the "I need your support" card, which meant I'd be in the dog house if I bailed on her.

"Okay," I grumbled as I hung up the phone. I was pissed at the time, but in hindsight, I clearly made the right decision.

I was running late after a hectic afternoon at work and didn't pull into the driveway until nearly six o'clock. After I scurried through the front door, I jogged up the staircase and ran into the master bathroom intending to take a quick shower. The sight that greeted me when I rounded the corner into the john stopped me in my tracks. Kate was applying her makeup at the sink, leaning towards the mirror wearing only a black lace bra and matching panties. What an ass! I had moved my gaze up to Kate's lovely and large breasts when her eyes glanced away from her face and and focused on my reflection in the mirror as I ogled her tits and ass. I was sure she was going to complain I was late getting home, but instead she smiled sweetly and sensuously wiggled her beautiful behind.

I assumed it was an invitation and wasted no time as I slid up behind her and pressed my rapidly hardening and fully clothed cock to her barely covered butt. I ran my hands down Kate's naked back and gently grabbed hold of her hips, while she pushed back with her ass and squirmed against the growing bulge in my pants.

Just as my hand was reaching for the fly on my jeans, Kate gave out a tiny moan before protesting, "We can't," the desire unmistakable in her voice, "we're already going to be late and you need to get in the shower."

With that said, Kate nudged her tight little ass up against by now fully erect dick as it strained against the confines of my pants, turned around, planted a passionate kiss on my lips, gave my cock a quick tug,and sauntered into our bedroom with her hips swaying suggestively.

"What a fucking tease," I yelled after her. 

I could hear Kate giggle, obviously pleased with herself, as I pulled off my work clothes and climbed into the shower. At that point, I would have paid almost any price to blow off the plans for the evening and get into the sack with Kate's hot body and just fuck the night away. My cock was hard when I started the shower and I was still sporting a pretty good woody when I pulled back the shower curtain to climb out.

Kate was back at the sink now fully dressed in black slacks and a blouse that accentuated her hot curves. She glanced over at me while I started to towel and quipped, "I was sure you were going to take care of that yourself in the shower," while moving her hand up and down with her fingers curled around in the classic "jerk-off" gesture. "Now you'll just have to wait until we get home so I can relieve your tension."

My beautiful bride was obviously in a horny mood and I couldn't wait to be done with our duties. That wasn't going to happen if I remained in place with my semi-hard dick exposed hoping for a quick blow job so I ambled into the bedroom and got dressed.

Kate called Jan on her cell as we were driving downtown to let her know we'd be couple minutes late. Jan assured Kate that it was no problem and instructed us to look for her and Steve in the bar, where they would be sipping on margaritas.

Thanks to Kate's lead foot we were only about 10 minutes behind schedule when we walked into the lounge. Kate pointed to Jan's table, and I quickly noticed the two glasses on it were already damn near drained. I couldn't get a good view of Jan as we approached, but Steve was facing us and it was clear he had no trouble attracting the fairer sex. The guy was around 35, broad-shouldered, with a full head of black hair graying around the temple. 

My wife was looking Steve over good as we walked closer, and after about five steps, I finally got a decent view of Jan the consultant. She was so unbelievably gorgeous I damned near stopped in my tracks! My wife is hot, but this chick was pure southern California beach babe. Straight blond hair framed a face that could have from a fashion magazine. She wasn't busty, but her trim, athletic body exuded sex. The expression on my face must have betrayed my thoughts because I received a decent elbow jab from Kate just before she introduced me to Jan, and Jan took care to introduce Steve.

While we waited for dinner to be served, the conversation came easy and the drinks quickly. We talked about our jobs and families. Kate and I have two children, but both had flown the coop for college. Jan and Steve were still in the middle of it with elementary age offspring

who dominated their lives. Jan explained that she decided to ask Steve to join her on her trip so the two of them could have a chance to reconnect and hopefully put some spark back in their love life.

We didn't have to wait long for our dinners to arrive, and the casual conversation continued effortlessly as we sated our appetites. The drinks kept coming, and by the time the table was cleared the laughter coming from our table had grown common and loud enough to attract the attention of a few other diners.

Jan finished off her third margarita and announced it was time for her to visit the restroom. It was my first opportunity to take in her whole body. She stood up and turned around. "Oh, my God," my brain screamed. This chick's ass was the finest I had ever had the opportunity to ogle! She knew it too. Jan added a seductive sway to her gait just before she turned and spied me staring at her gorgeous behind. When my gaze shifted up, I caught a glimpse of a smile on her lips just as Kate's elbow jabbed me in the side.

Steve seemed oblivious to the brief exchange and continued chatting up Kate as he sipped his drink. Within a few minutes, Jan sauntered around the corner and returned to her seat at the table. Another round of drinks was ordered and the gabfest continued.

That's when Jan caught Steve staring at Kate's tits. She wasn't wearing anything revealing, but her 34Ds still commanded the attention of anyone carrying normal levels of testosterone in his blood. It was tough to tell if she was actually mad at him as Jan admonished Steve that it was rude of him to allow his gaze to drift that far south. "How would you like if Jake kept eyeing my cleavage?" she demanded.

For some reason Kate felt a need to defend Steve. "Don't be too tough on him," she pleaded, "boys will be boys." Then, in an apparent move to even the playing field, Kate added, "just five minutes ago I caught Jake taking in the view of your ass, and he wasn't even trying to be discrete."

Before I could recover from nearly spitting out my drink and begin to mount my defense, Jan interrupted with a hint of a giggle in her voice, "Don't worry about it. Steve is used to it, and truth be told, I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and it turns me on knowing the guys like what they see!"

For some reason, that opened the floodgates and Jan launched into a story about their visit to a clothing optional beach in Cancun. Jan claimed she had no intention of actually getting naked, but she had found herself getting revved up by the the reaction of the men, and a few women, to her revealing two-piece swimsuit.

Steve jumped into the conversation, explaining how he took notice of her aroused state, and grabbed the opportunity to lobby Jan to lose her top. He said it took him 20-minutes, but Jan finally agreed to lay on her belly topless after he promised to give her a good rubdown.

"It was so sensual," Jan said as I caught her squirming a bit in her seat. "Steve kept massaging my back as I glanced around at all the naked bodies nearby. Some probably should have stayed covered, but the were quite a few hot guys and girls. Soon I noticed this one couple watching us, and when I gathered up enough nerve, I returned their gaze." Jan hesitated just a bit before continuing. It was pretty clear she was contemplating if she should share the rest of the story when the small crease that had been forming on her forehead vanished, and she gave herself a little squeeze with her arms crossed over her breasts.

"Steve was giving my butt a pretty good rubdown, and every few seconds could feel his fingers sliding a bit farther under my bikini bottoms. The couple watching us never looked away, and as I kept my eyes pointed in their direction, the chick casually reached down between her man's legs and started stroking his cock! They were both totally nude. She looked tobe in her mid 20's, with short blond hair and an all-over tan. Jan described the guy as in his 30's and very fit with a full head of jet black hair. Then she added, "Oh yeah, he was also sporting no tan lines to go along with his 9-inch pole."

Jan's eyes had a distant look to them and it wasn't clear if Jan was really aware she that was with us and sitting in a bustling restaurant. I clearly noticed her nipples were making a distinct impression on her blouse as she went on with her story. 

"I could feel myself getting wetter watching this chick hand-fucking her guy as my guy was trying to take some liberties with my half-naked bod! That's when I told Steve that I would be willing to take it all off if he would ditch his swimsuit. I didn't know until later that he'd been taking in the same show, and Steve quickly accepted my offer."

I glanced over at Kate. Her eyes were riveted on Steve, waiting for his response to Jan's story. "Holy shit!," I mouthed when she finally glanced in my direction. We had often fantasized, when alone in our bed, about what it might be like to BE with someone else. We weren't swingers, but both of us had gotten turned on talking about the possibility of getting it on with someone else in the presence of one another, and here we were with this smoking hot babe talking about getting naked while watching another chick stroke her guy's cock. Kate just grinned.

Steve also grinned as he took over the role of storyteller. "I told her I would gladly display my cock if she slid off her bikini bottom. Hell, we were on a nude beach and most of the guys had their dicks waving in the wind." He paused, looking straight into Kate's ever widening green eyes, before adding, "Of course, very few of the other men were sporting a rock hard woody like I was."

Jan then jumped back in, "I was soaking wet, but I don't think anyone other than Steve could have known. His arousal was a bit more obvious and when Steve stood up and slid down his suit, I actually heard the woman on the blanket behind us suck in her breath when caught a view of his privates. Remember,I never intended getting naked, and here I was, lying on my back with my husband's erect cock above me and my pussy getting wetter by the second."

Once again, I took stock of the situation by first looking to my wife, who seemed content to be sitting in a restaurant listening to an incredibly beautiful woman talk about hard penises and her wet vagina. My gaze then shifted to Steve and saw that his attention was split between his wife's voice and my wife's chest. Finally, I returned my eyes to Jan, who had a sparkle in her eyes and seductive smile on her lips as she looked straight into my eyes and continued with her tale.

"When I eventually shifted my gaze back to the amorous couple, I saw they were packing their things. Steve was also watching as this fine specimen of a man and his hottie companion got to their feet."

That's when Jan breathlessly described the target of their voyeurism. "The chick is about 5'5" with short-cropped brunette hair what can only be described as a flawless body. Her guy was around 6-feet tall with and had a delicious muscular frame." 

"They started walking away from us down the beach, but then turned back and the girl gestured like we should follow!" Jan said she and Steve quickly scanned the beach around them to see if anyone else was reacting, but didn't see a thing. "That's when Steve gave me one of his leering looks and casually suggested we should follow them."

Jan paused for just a second before continuing, "I just stared back at him for a few seconds before I said, "What the fuck." and stood up naked as a jaybird." Then she conspiratorially whispered, "I was so horny, I wouldn't have been surprised if my juices started flowing down my legs!"

Speaking of horny, I found myself shifting in my chair to ease the pressure on my steadily hardening cock. I shot a glance over to my wife to see if she had taken notice of my condition, and found her entranced with Jan's tale.

"What was it like having all those people staring at you?" Kate had asked exactly the question I would have if I hadn't been preoccupied with my growing erection.

"I thought I'd be embarrassed, but instead I felt electrified." Jan described how she scanned the crowd on the beach and found most of the people hadn't taken any notice, but she also clearly saw lust on many of the faces, both men and women. "It was such a turn on! My body was almost vibrating as my mind reeled at the thought that the person behind each of those faces was thinking about having sex with me."

Jan then described how it took Steve a bit longer to get to his feet because was attempting to conceal his boner, and how he finally gave up and stood next to his naked bride with his fully erect penis on display.

"I could feel myself turning beet red with embarrassment, and it still wouldn't go down so I just grabbed our stuff, grabbed Jan, and started walking in the direction of the hot naked couple." 

Steve's eyes remained squarely aimed at Kate's tits as he took over the role of storyteller. "They were about 100-yards ahead of us and moving at a pretty good clip. I could tell we were losing ground on them. It was partly because Jan seemed to be in a daze, and partly because I was finding it a bit difficult to walk fast with a hard dick slapping against my thighs!"

We all started to laugh, and Steve's face reddened as he realized how ridiculous his last statement sounded. Rather than risk further embarrassment, Steve kept quiet and let Jan take over.

"We were slower than they were, but I was able to see then turn into series of tall sand dunes that kept most people from using that portion of the beach. It took us a few minutes to reach the spot where they turned, and by then there was no sign of them. I was about to turn back when Steve grabbed my hand and pulled me into the maze of dunes."

At that point, the storyteller was interrupted by another round of laughter when she disclosed they were moving a bit faster because the dick now slapping Steve's thighs could no longer be described as "rock hard." 

After the three of us managed to ratchet our laughter down to giggles, Jan described how the sounds of the ocean started to fade after they had only taken a few steps into the dunes. "We had no idea where they could be, but after walking about 10-yards inland both of us began hearing something. We decided to follow our ears and took a path to the right between two dunes."

Jan had Kate and I were completely wrapped up in her story. My cock, which was now totally erect was telling me it was going to get hotter, but Jan's description of the dunes was so foreboding, my brain was telling me to prepare for an ending out of a Stephen King novel. Thankfully, my cock had it right.

After a pausing to notice our rapt attention, Jan plowed ahead. "After about 20-yards I stopped dead in my tracks and Steve, who was following my lead, bumped right into my naked ass. We had stumbled into a room formed by the dunes and the path was the only way in or out unless you wanted to climb over one of the dunes. The sand dune chamber was pretty cool, but what had stopped me in my tracks, and was bringing the hardness back to my sweet hubby's cock pressed against my butt crack, was the sight of the hot chick on her knees in front of the hot guy sucking and licking his nine inch rod!"

Kate actually let out a soft moan at that point, and it almost appeared she was quivering as the sexual tension around the table climbed another notch. It felt like the boiling point was near as we all sipped our drinks and waited for Jan's next installment.

"Both of us dropped our stuff on the sand and stared as the XXX performance played out just 10-feet away. This chick didn't miss a beat. She glanced in our direction long enough to make sure we knew she had seen us, and even managed a small welcoming smile as she continued gobbling the dude's cock! Both of her hand were gripping his muscular ass cheeks when she took all of him into her throat and he started thrusting, literally fucking her face. He was holding and twisting her hair, pulling her toward his crotch, and I couldn't tell if he was even aware we were watching."

Jan was breathing hard now, and one of her hands was beneath the table. I couldn't see what she was doing, but by the way her arm muscles would flex and relax I was pretty sure Jan was rubbing herself where it feels good. The restaurant was no longer crowded, but it certainly wasn't deserted and I took a second to glance around and see if anyone had taken notice.

Jan's voice had become a little husky, "It was like I was hypnotized, I couldn't take my eyes off those two beautiful bodies right in front of me. The only distraction was the hardness pressing against my lower back, and the harder and larger it got, the more I got distracted. That's when the all-over-tan babe disengaged her mouth from her man's cock. She put both of her hands against his chest and pushed him against the wall of the nearest sand dune. He wasn't lying down, but he wasn't standing either." Jan took a sip of her drink, and then blurted out, "Oh my God! His cock was gorgeous! It was sticking straight out, and if that chick hadn't beaten me to it, I might have climbed aboard and taken it for a ride!"

Jan laughed, actually we all laughed to cut the tension and to make the couple staring at us from a few tables away believed Jan's exclamation was the punchline of a joke. I don't think they bought it. 

"This woman, who has somehow captured the pure essence of sex, looked over at Steve and I, lightly licked her lips, and then crawled up this well endowed hunk's chest until he cupped her muscular ass in his huge hands and guided her down until his pole slid inside her. I can't tell you how hot it was watching those two fuck!"

That's when Steve broke in. "I just couldn't take it. I didn't even ask Jan if she wanted it, I just grabbed her shoulders, pushed her forward until she put her hands out and braced herself against the dune, and drove my cock into her. Jesus! Her pussy was so frigging wet my dick went in so deep and so fast I almost lost my balance!"

"If it wasn't for my extraordinarily strong thighs we would've been on the ground!" Jan was laughing as she described her surprise at having her husband's cock jabbed into her pussy, although she admitted it wasn't that big of a surprise considering they were both naked and
