 In this chapter Nicolle begs the first group of men to urinate all over her. Actually she does more than that, much more. She intends to show these guys what watersports is really all about and does everything possible to prove that she's nothing but a worthless little pisswhore. 

* * * * * * * *

It was about ten o'clock when we heard a knock at the door. It was the first group of men. I had it arranged for them to show up at our room at anytime after ten and plan to stay as long as they liked. I also asked them to stagger their times with Nicolle throughout the night. She could only satisfy so many at one time. In that way this would turn out to be an all night gangbang and Nicolle would have a constant flow of cocks.

When they entered our suite there were maybe eight or ten older men in their fifties. All of them had upper ranking positions in the companies that they represented. I'm sure they had been at many other conventions, but I wondered if they ever had the entertainment they about to receive. 

When Nicolle entered the room the talking stopped and everyone looked at her. As Nicolle glanced around the room she got a big smile on her face. There wasn't one good-looking guy in this bunch. Some of them were overweight; some were losing their hair and a few smoking smelly cigars. There really wasn't one in the group with any decent qualities that you would call appealing. One comment was made when they saw Nicolle, "Fuck!!!," she's better than I expected. "What a nice piece of ass."

The man making the comment walked over to Nicolle. He was a fat cigar smoking pig, at least that's the way he looked to me. He began asking Nicolle some questions directly like a typical arrogant asshole.

"So what are you,...a whore," he asked.

Nicolle's answer was good. "If that's what you want me to be, then yes.. I'll be your whore." 

He replied smiling with another question. "So you're going to fuck everybody here tonight?" "Is that right?"

Nicolle answered saying; "I'll do anything you want." And I do mean anything." "I want to be the most disgusting slut you ever had."

That kind of summed up the introductions. Obviously they all had women in their hotel rooms before, but I sensed that no one ever had such a willing young girl like Nicolle.

Nicolle began roaming around the room slowly teasing each guy. In the process she was removing her clothes. She wasn't wearing that much anyway, but all of them loved how sexy she looked when she was down to just her panties and garter. They were all huddled around groping her full breasts, squeezing her nipples and kissing her everywhere.    Slowly the men were disrobing too. Most of them were down to just a T-shirt and their underwear. Nicolle was teasing them feeling their cocks through the material and telling them, "I can't wait to suck your cock." That was getting allot of them hard. 

I watched a few guys take Nicolle into the bathroom. Since we had a suite, the bathroom was fairly large with a big Jacuzzi tub giving them plenty of room to move around. One of them, an overweight bald man, had Nicolle kneeling in front of him while two others watched. He dropped his pants and made Nicolle lick his cock and balls right through his underwear. Then he turned around and made Nicolle push her face in his ass and lick his smelly underwear. She was licking the dark stain in his shorts where they rode up the crack of his ass. The other two were enjoying Nicolle's display of filth as her mouth sucked on this guy's dirty shorts. "My God, she really is a disgusting little bitch," one them commented.

After a while doing his ass, Nicolle moved back around front and licked at his cock again. Now it was beginning to grow in his shorts. Nicolle was getting excited. She looked at him asking, "do you have to pee?" She grabbed his balls as if trying to determine if his bladder was full. Nicolle went on saying, "You know I can be really filthy for you." "Would you like to piss all over me?" "I'd love to taste it."

"Fuck honey, are you kidding," he asked.

"Go ahead, let me show you," Nicolle replied. "Just go." "Right in your underwear. 

As Nicolle licked his cock through his dirty shorts, he had his hands on her head entangled in her hair. We could see he was so excited and was trying to relax to start the flow from his cock. He took a deep breath and then... he started pissing. His underwear immediately became soaked. Nicolle kept licking them. "That's it Nicolle, don't back off," I encouraged watching from the doorway. "You're their little slut now, so keep licking." 

Nicolle's face was getting wet, as this guy's underwear became drenched. Piss started running down her face. She felt it on her tongue. His urine ran down her chest and between her legs as his underwear became saturated in piss. When this fat guy realized how much Nicolle was enjoying this, he grabbed her head and forced it between his legs, rubbing her face into his piss soaked underwear. "How do you like that, slut," he excitedly yelled out. He was really getting into using Nicolle as pisswhore. 

"So you like getting your face washed in piss, huh?" "C'mon you bitch, suck my balls too you nasty whore." "Lick up that piss and taste it." "Show me how much you love being a fuckin' dirty pisswhore." 

Nicolle did everything he asked and more. She sucked on his piss-drenched shorts tasting his urine. She sucked his cock through them. She sucked on his balls the way he asked too. And she even licked his crotch as piss poured through his soaked underwear and ran all over her face.

Nicolle got to the point that she couldn't stand it anymore. She had to have his cock. She pulled his wet underwear down and took the remaining piss flowing from his cock right in her face. Then she took it into her mouth. She sucked him and jerked his cock with her hand between her lips desperately wanting his cum. She stopped for a moment, but only to beg. She looked up over his fat belly into his ugly face asking, "Please mister, give me your cum." Then she returned his cock to her mouth sucking him deep. A few seconds later he grasped his cock in his hand and ordered Nicolle. "Open your mouth slut." And he began spurting thick streams of cum into Nicolle's mouth covering her tongue. Some more sperm splashed onto her face and in her hair. "She's fucking incredible," he gasped out exhausted from such his intense orgasm. 

Nicolle swallowed. "Mmmmmm,..." "fuck that's so good." "I love the taste of cum and piss." Then Nicolle licked his cock clean. She sucked the piss juice from his balls and licked up the wet urine coating between his legs and in his crotch. 

The other two wanting to have their fun pulled Nicolle to them next. One had his cock in his hand aiming it at Nicolle. "So you like piss, huh?" His urine began flowing from his cock instantly and right into Nicolle's face. It splashed everywhere all over Nicolle's pretty body. Then Nicolle thought she'd give him a real treat. She parted her lips and took his piss right in her mouth. In a matter of moments her tongue was covered and her mouth was full. Piss was running over her lips as it overflowed her mouth and ran down her body. At that point he was yelling obscenities at her calling Nicolle every filthy word he had in his vocabulary. 

"You slut... you whore.... you filthy bitch." "You're such a nasty little cunt."

Nicolle loved hearing that. She adored being their bitch and whore. And hearing all those disgusting names they used aroused her more. She wanted to live up to what she was being called too. She wanted to be their filthiest whore. Then to make sure that she was, Nicolle closed her mouth and swallowed. The mouthful of his piss flushed down her throat. Then she licked her lips to show how much she enjoyed the warm smelly urine taste. 

"Mmmmm" I love piss," Nicolle exclaimed. And then the last bit of urine she rubbed into her face as it dripped from his cock.

They couldn't believe she actually did that. "I can't believe you swallowed it," they all commented. 

"Oh you liked that," Nicolle responded knowing they thought she was quite a filthy slut. 

Nicolle figured that the third guy didn't want to be left out of this incredibly nasty display. So Nicolle grabbed the glass that was on the bathroom vanity counter and held it in front of his cock. She looked up at him. "I'm still thirsty." Then she cupped his balls in her hand while holding the glass waiting for him to begin peeing in it. "You're kidding," he replied in disbelief.

Nicolle shook her head saying, "No I'm not." Then while looking directly at him saying in a very direct demanding voice, "I WANT YOUR PISS." "I'm going to drink all of it." "Because I'm a slut." "I'm a filthy pisswhore." "Give it to me please!!" She gave his balls a little playful squeeze. "C'mon, give it to me." "I'm a filthy piss drinkin' whore and I need it." 

He looked down at his cock and the glass. He was shaking with anxiety in anticipation of seeing Nicolle beg like such a filthy whore. The yellow fluid began pouring from his cock into the glass. Nicolle watched it slightly bubble up in the glass and felt it become warm in her hand. He kept pissing and the level in glass went up more and more. About thirty seconds later the glass was full. Nicolle held it up showing them the hot yellow urine. She put it to her nose smelling the aroma. "She smiled, "Mmmmm, this is going to be so good." 

"Oh Fuck.... what a whore," they cried out. 

Nicolle knew how to get men crazy. And what she was about to do was making these older guys nuts. She dipped her finger into the glass coating it with the warm yellow fluid. Then she wiped it over her lips and licked them. "Mmmmm...good," she commented as she smiled while sucking her finger. She put the glass to her lips and sipped taking a little bit in her mouth to get a taste. She licked her lips again. The men were going wild. They were stroking their cocks as they watched Nicolle performing like no other girl ever had for them. Then she placed the glass to her lips again and this time tipped it slowly drinking the urine, gulping and swallowing mouthful after mouthful until it was gone. The whole time they were yelling out what a filthy slut she was. "Oh God... you pisslut." "that's it.. drink it bitch." "Swallow that piss and fill your filthy slut belly. 

Nicolle put the glass down and caressed her abdomen drawing attention to the fact that all the piss was now inside her. "Do you like me being a piss drinking whore," she asked?   

Nicolle watched them still stroking their cocks. She knew they loved it. She knew that they thought she was the filthiest whore. Now they were jerking off their hard cocks and she knew that at any time she'd have a treat. She'd get to have their cum. She stayed kneeling in front of them. She licked at the head of their cocks tasting the precum. Two of them hadn't cum yet for her, but the other was hard again too. 'How lucky I am,' she thought, 'more cum.' Then they started. Cum was shooting from their cocks into her mouth, on her face, down her chest. Nicolle was swallowing and eating it. She was rubbing it on her face and coating her breasts with it. When they finished she smiled feeling satisfied and then sucked them each into her mouth to get the last drop. 

Everyone started leaving the bathroom going back to the main suite. Nicolle stayed in the bedroom wiping herself off quickly. She didn't want all the new arrivals to see her dripping with piss so soon. She knew there would be plenty more on her later.  

--------------------

NiteWriter -     

continued in "The Convention Slut" - (Ch 3)