 My plan was to help Nicolle become sluttier. She desperately wants to be the filthiest whore ever. So I'm taking her to a convention at a local hotel where she's going to be the after hours entertainment. But before even meeting the men, she becomes an anal slut for the two black valet parking attendants. In this chapter Nicolle shows them how talented she can be with her mouth. 

* * * * *

It was Friday night and today I had plans of making Nicolle sluttier than ever. While I was at work I thought about Nicolle's next step in the evolution of her being the filthiest whore possible. I had decided to make her wait until I returned from work before explaining to her where we were going this evening. When I got home Nicolle was anxious and wondering what I had planned. It was hard to believe such a pretty girl could be so eager to act dirty.

I began explaining that tonight was going to be very special. There was a convention at one of the hotels in the city and I had arranged for Nicolle to be their entertainment. I had a room booked for us to stay and after the days convention activities were done, there would be a group of men visiting our room. The convention group leader with whom I made the arrangements was going to have the men there between ten and eleven o'clock. He didn't know what sexual preferences they might want because most were older executives in their fifties, but I assured him that there wasn't anything Nicolle wouldn't do. And after hearing who they were and the ages, I knew that this group had the potential of being nastier and dirtier than any group that gangbanged Nicolle before. I explained exactly what was going to happen and that it was going to be an all night gangbang. When I finished Nicolle couldn't wait to leave.

We left the house about seven o'clock and drove into the city. I pulled into the parking lot of the hotel and pulled up to the valet parking. One of the attendants was this ugly black fellow with long stringy hair. He was dressed in the hotel attire, but he looked pretty beat and quite sweaty. I guess after all day in the hot sun parking cars he was ready to pack it in for the day. The other black guy in the booth didn't look much better. I gave him the keys and as he opened the door to get in I couldn't help notice his stare at Nicolle as she walked around to me in her short leather skirt. Of course I doubt any man would pass up a good look at Nicolle's gorgeous legs. 

I couldn't let this opportunity go by, so I asked him what time he got off from work. When he replied "in an hour," I asked if he and his friend would like to join us in our suite. I figured I might as well get Nicolle warmed up with these guys. And these black men were so disgusting and sweaty I knew Nicolle would want them. 

I went on to explain why we were at the hotel and he jumped at the idea, especially since he never had a white girl before. And he really liked the idea that I was making Nicolle act like a slut all night long. 

Once we checked in I called down to the valet parking and told them what room we were in. At about eight thirty they knocked at our door. I let them in and we sat chatting for a few minutes. Then Nicolle walked out of the bedroom. They just sat there watching her cross the room wondering what was going to happen. Then our valet attendant stood up. "Man..., you're one pretty bitch." 

"There you go Nicolle," I commented. "Do him." "You can start right now with him." Nicolle stood up. I whispered to her, "why don't you begin by going over there and lick his black asshole clean." 

Nicolle started walking. 

"NO!!!" I yelled. "Crawl to him." "Crawl like a dirty little slut." 

Nicolle got on her knees and began crawling over to the black man that made the remark. He stood waiting and wondering what the hell was going on. So I told him, "she's a whore." "Wait till you see what she wants to do to you." 

She glanced up at him looking into his disgusting unshaven ugly face. Then she grabbed the waistband of his pants with one hand and rubbed his crotch with the other. "You want me to suck your cock?....and lick your dirty asshole?" 

"A pretty girl like you would really do that," he asked in disbelief?

She answered by pulling his pants and underwear down at the same time allowing his already fully-grown ten-inch cock to spring free. Then she pulled her top off letting her full breasts fall out and wiggled out of her skirt. Meanwhile he pulled off his sweatshirt.

She looked up at his black naked body. She could smell him. The stench of his cock and balls was almost gagging. She grabbed it in her hand and started stroking it. She put it to her lips, licked it and then began sucking it. He moaned out, "Oh fuck"... "I can't believe a pretty girl like you likes black cock." Nicolle sucked until his hard cock glistened with her saliva and then she explained, "my Master says if I want to be a filthier whore I need to be good at licking assholes." "I want to lick yours." "I want to clean it and taste it." "I want to fuck you with my tongue." Nicolle looked back at me to see if I approved of her performance so far. 

"That's it Nicolle." "Show him what filthy bitch you are." 

The other black valet had already removed his clothes and was stroking his cock as he watched. Nicolle turned to him, "why don't you come here and I'll do both of your asses." He didn't need to be coaxed or asked twice. He quickly moved next to his friend as Nicolle instructed them to turn around and kneel on the sofa. She then took turns spreading their asses open to see their tight anal holes. 

"Oh God, I just love licking assholes," she commented. "And I love playing with tight little holes too." 

She could smell the strong odor of their unwashed asses. Then she touched each puckered shithole with one finger to see how tight they were. She rubbed it, pushed on it and let the tip of her finger slip in. Then Nicolle pulled it back out. "See how fuckin' tight they are." 

Nicolle moved closer to get a better look as she placed her finger in her mouth and sucked it. "Mmmmm." "They taste so good too." Then she licked a few times through each asscrack. 

"Why don't you get them open real wide and get a good taste," I suggested. Nicolle immediately pushed a finger in through one anal ring. She loved watching how his asshole gripped her finger. Then she forced a second finger inside his ass. She was probing him deep, twisting her fingers inside his rear end and making his anal hole stretch wider. Nicolle was moaning, "Oh my,... Oh my God, look at that asshole?" 

"Do you like me playing with your ass?" Nicolle asked. "Maybe later you can play with my ass too." I know he loved that idea. 

Nicolle got up and walked in front of him, then explained. "I want you to know I'm going be a naughty girl for both of you." "I'm going to lick your asses clean and taste your dirty assholes," Then she wiped her filthy fingers on her face and across her lips. "Mmmmmmm, you taste so good." "I'm going to be your filthy anal whore tonight." "I'm going to make your cocks so hard."

I gave Nicolle this long flexible jelly dildo I had with us. I brought a bag of assorted toys just in case we might need some. "Use that on their asses," I suggested. They remained kneeling while Nicolle slowly pushed it in going deeper and deeper into one ass and then did the other. "Fuck them with it Nicolle," I ordered. The black guys weren't saying a thing. I guess they figured if a gorgeous girl wants to play with their ass, then go right ahead. Nicolle obediently began stuffing it in and out of their tight black rear holes.

Nicolle looked over at me saying "Look Master, look how deep." 

Almost all ten inches were going into their rectums. "Is it dirty Nicolle," I asked? As she extracted it from each ass we could see how slimy and scummy it was. "Now be a good slut," I commanded. "Open your mouth and clean it." They quickly turned around to see this. The black valets were commenting obscenities too in disbelief that a pretty white girl would do such a filthy thing. Nicolle slid the smelly scummy dildo through her lips and tasted it. She sucked and licked it cleaning the slime off it completely. Then she stuffed it back in their asses again. This time she pulled it out and slid the filthy dildo to the back of her mouth and kept pushing until it disappeared completely down her throat. She grunted, "Mmmmm," "Mmmmm," to show how much she loved being a dirty slut for them. 

"You nasty little whore," the black men shouted out.

That's exactly what she wanted to hear. She wanted to be a whore. She wanted to be the filthiest whore they ever had. 

Nicolle then went back to their asses kneeling behind them. She began feeling and squeezing the soft flesh and then spreading their cheeks open again. She slowly began tasting one by working her mouth deeper and deeper into his crack. His moaning was enough to know that she was really doing a thorough job with her mouth. You could see her wet tongue cleaning his asscrack and she made sure he knew how much she was enjoying it. "Mmmmm," I can taste you,...so nasty...so dirty. 

She moved lower licking that sensitive and sweaty flesh between his legs from his asscrack down to his balls. I could see his huge nut sack hanging between his legs. Nicolle went right for it, tonguing it from behind. Then she pushed her face between his legs sucking both of his balls into her mouth. "Oh fuck,... you whore," he bellowed out. Nicolle was enjoying it. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm...." "Mmmmmmmmmmm...." I could tell from the sounds she was making that they must have tasted very dirty and sweaty. That's the way Nicolle likes it. She loves sucking balls when they're unwashed and covered in sweat. She always says it makes her feel so dirty.  

After she thoroughly cleaned his slimy nut sack, Nicolle went to the other guy's ass. She was ready to get down to some serious anal rimming. She pushed her face in deeper and began scouring his ass with her tongue. She placed her lips over his tight anal hole and sucked. She let her saliva coat his anus making it wet and slippery. Then she let more saliva run from her mouth into his crack then tried to push her tongue into his ass. "Do you like that?" "Do you want my tongue inside your asshole," she asked. She pushed harder. 

With both hands she positioned her fingers either side of his tightly closed asshole and pulled. She started spreading his hole open. "Yeah, that's it," I encouraged. "Open him up." "I want to see inside his dirty black ass." "And then you're going to lick it." 

She pulled harder. "Relax," she begged him. "Let me open you." She pulled even more and his anus began stretching. I could see the beginning of a small opening as his ass began to spread for Nicolle. It got wider. "Oh Nicolle, look at him." "That's it, open his ass up." 

Meanwhile the other black man got up and went behind Nicolle. His cock was so hard. Nicolle looked back quickly at him. "You got a gorgeous ass honey," he commented very exited. "I'm gonna fuck it." "I've never done a white slut up the ass before." 

He squatted over Nicolle's cute rear end sliding his cock between her cheeks and against her tight little shithole. He pushed hard and quick penetrating Nicolle instantly. Her asshole just stretched right open and swallowed his cock. "My God you little bitch," he cried out. "You're so fuckin' tight." And he started buttfucking Nicolle driving his hard black cock in and out of her back hole. 

Getting assfucked with this big black cock was making Nicolle hornier. She had the other guy's asshole opening up to her, so she licked across it teasing him. She pulled on his ass and it opened more. She put two fingers in and pulled him apart stretching his asshole as much as she could. Then she let a big mouthful of saliva drop right through his gaping hole into his ass. "Oh that looks so fuckin' hot, Nicolle," I commented. "Do it again." She spit into his ass a few more times with some landing in his crack. We watched it slowly ooze down and run inside his rectum. "Can you feel that," I asked him. "Do you feel Nicolle spitting into your ass?" 

"God yes, he excitedly gasped. "She's such a filthy bitch." "And such a pretty fuckin' whore." The black guy fucking her ass was watching too. "Hey slut", he yelled. Nicolle looked over her shoulder. "Open your filthy mouth bitch," he ordered. His face was almost next to hers and when her lips parted he spit. 

Nicolle turned back down to the open asshole and dribbled that spit into him too. She kept drooling and spitting again and again as we watched it drop through his gaping hole. The other guy kept drooling over her shoulder on his friend's ass and Nicolle would lick it up. Eventually his entire crack glistened from being soaked with spit. 

Then she pushed a couple fingers into his ass. She could feel how sloppy he was from all the wet saliva. It squished from his asshole as she fingered him deeper and deeper feeling around inside. 

"That's it Nicolle shove then in deep," I kept telling her. 

"Oh, your asshole feels so good," Nicolle cried out. Then she removed her fingers. They were covered with a thick slimy mucous. He looked back over his shoulders to see Nicolle sucking her fingers clean. Then she opened him up again with her fingers and pushed her face to his ass. Her tongue went right in. 

"Good girl Nicolle," I commended. "Clean him out with your filthy tongue."

Nicolle had her mouth pushed hard against his ass as she scoured his gaping anal ring. She traced her tongue completely around the dirty flesh of his tight stretched opening sending waves of excitement through his body. No girl had ever done anything like this to him before. Then Nicolle stuffed her tongue as far in as she could. She curled her tongue inside his ass so she could lick the walls of his rectum. Even though she couldn't really get that far inside she was scooping and licking inside his black ass. When she backed away her tongue was covered with a light brown slime. Nicolle looked at me and then up at the other black man fucking her. She smiled and returned her tongue inside her mouth. Then we saw her swallow. "Mmmmmm, fuck that was good," she commented knowing she was putting on a good show for them. 

The two guys went wild seeing that. "You filthy fuckin' bitch." "What a dirty slut." "Did you see that?" "She ate from his ass." The guy humping her butt starting slamming her harder. Nicolle cried out, "Oh fuck you're so hard." "You're cock is so hard in my ass."   Nicolle wasn't finished yet either. My instructions to her were that she had to give the filthiest rim job ever. So to be certain she did, she pulled away from the guy in her ass leaving him stroking his dirty engorged cook. Nicolle then guided the other ass backwards as she lay down on the floor. He was now squatting over her face. His ass was still full of her spit and she intended to get it. "Hold your ass open for me please," she begged! He held his cheeks apart stretching his rear hole while he squatted. Nicolle was looking up seeing this gaping anal chute wide open and knowing at any moment spit would be flowing out. At first the nasty sludge started dripping from his ass right into Nicolle's mouth. Obviously it wasn't fast enough for my darling little slut. Actually I think she wanted to show off some more and prove to me how very filthy she could be. She grabbed his hips and pulled his ass down to her mouth. She placed her lips over his gaping asshole and sucked. The black guy yelled out, "FUCK!!!!... "FUCK!!!!...." "FUCK!!!!...," she's sucking my asshole." "The fuckin' bitch I swear is sucking the shit out of me." We all could hear the slurping sounds as Nicolle applied an intense suction on his black shit hole. After a few moments she backed off pushing him up. The she made sure we could see. She opened her mouth. It was full of her saliva sorted tinted in color. She sat up holding it in her mouth and showing us her coated tongue. Then as we watched, "GULPPPP!!!!!" swallowed the filthy mixture. 

Nicolle looked at the black guys. "Did you like that?" "Do you like the way I'm such a filthy whore?" "I'm a slut... a dirty cunt... a filthy little bitch whore and I'll do anything." 

She looked at the other guy still stroking his cock. "Do you want me to suck that," she asked? And that's exactly what she did. She sucked his dirty cock that had just fucked her ass taking him down her throat until his load erupted in a massive burst of cum filling her mouth. "GULP!!!" She swallowed that too.    It wasn't long before the first guy realized he couldn't take anymore. As Nicolle was doing his friend's cock, he was stroking his and announcing that he was going to cum. He quickly stood up over Nicolle. "Open your mouth slut." "Suck my cock." Without hesitating her mouth opened and he shoved his engorged cock into her mouth. He grabbed her head entwining his fingers in her hair and pulled her roughly into his groin. Then he pushed his long nine-inch cock right into her throat too. It happened so quickly she gagged on it, but he held her there keeping it stuffed deep down her throat. 

"That's it Nicolle." "Swallow his cock." "Make him cum too," I ordered.

"You're such a nasty little thing," he heavily sighed out feeling his cock stuffed inside her throat and ready to explode. 

"Such a filthy whore." "You're a dirty anal slut, aren't you?" "I'm gonna cum right in your filthy fuckin' throat."

And he started cumming, spurting thick gobs of cum down her throat. As he pulled back more cum shot into her mouth making her choke on it. "Swallow it Nicolle." "All of it," I yelled. 

Nicolle swallowed the cum, licked his cock and rubbed his hard shaft all over her face. "Mmmmmmmm yessss... I love cock", she groaned out.

About an hour had passed since they arrived. This had turned out better than I expected. The night was just beginning and already Nicolle had done some pretty filthy things. I know I was getting really hot watching these two black men with her. 

Now they were getting dressed to leave and Nicolle was in the bedroom cleaning up. It wouldn't be long before the men from the convention would be here.

-----------------------

NiteWriter -   continued in "The Convention Slut" - (Ch 2)