 Men are arriving all night long to have some fun with Nicolle and she lets them do anything they want. After all, her body is for their enjoyment and they do a tremendous job of using it. There are even a few surprises for Nicolle before the gangbang ends. 

 *  *  *  *  *  *

It was eleven o'clock and there were about twenty more men gathered in our suite. Nicolle was still in the bedroom waiting for me to give her the okay to come out. I went in to see her and she kept asking, "how many are there?" "I hope there's some more ugly ones." Nicolle loves the reaction of men that normally would not have a chance at screwing a pretty woman. She always gives them allot of attention. 

Finally I figured everyone was there and told Nicolle to come out. Their reaction was incredible as she walked through the bedroom door. "She's gorgeous."  

Nicolle didn't waste any time doing a strip tease and helping a few guys out of their clothes. That was sort of the cue for the rest to strip down. Nicolle was crawling all over the room sucking cocks and licking balls. Men were grabbing her all over feeling her breasts, her ass, and sliding their hands up between her legs to feel her wet pussy.

At one point these three men with big beer bellies had Nicolle and were taking turns feeling up her ass while she sucked their cocks. One of them was stuffing a couple fingers deep into Nicolle's asshole and fucking her hard with them. Then he would remove them and tell Nicolle, "suck them bitch." "I heard you're a filthy little cunt, so show me." Nicolle was moaning out and quite eager to show how dirty she could be. She sucked his fingers clean savoring the taste of her dirty ass. Then she commented, "that's it, make me eat from my ass and suck them clean." "Treat me like a filthy whore." 

They didn't need anymore coaxing.      

The three of them stood up right in front of Nicolle's face and ordered her. "Suck us off bitch." 

"Of course sirs," she answered all too happy to oblige them. Nicolle proceeded to suck their cocks taking them completely down her throat. She alternated between the three keeping their cocks hard and on the verge of cumming. Then she just grabbed one in each hand and jerked them off while she sucked the third getting a mouthful of cum. She swallowed his sperm while the other two cocks were spurting all over her face. Then they watched Nicolle smear their cum all over herself and then lick her fingers. "Mmmmm, I love cum."

When she finished with them, three more took their place. They began fingering her gorgeous ass too. Others were forming a line waiting for Nicolle's mouth. She starting sucking more cocks down her throat and swallowing more sperm. 

One of the three guys using her ass was a middle aged Spanish looking man. He had an accent and was calling Nicolle all kinds of names as he shoved a few fingers in her ass. He was gouging his fingers in deep and then twisting them inside her asshole feeling around in her rectum. He was yelling... "bitch"... "whore"... "puta"... "puta, te cojo ese culo"

He was really excited by Nicolle's gorgeous body. While he stuffed his fingers from one hand up Nicolle's ass, he was feeling the rest of her body all over. "Puta," he kept calling her. I figured that must mean whore or slut in Spanish. Since Nicolle is of Latin decent I'm sure she knew what he was saying. It seemed to be having a very arousing affect on her. 

His cock was a good nine or ten inches long and rock hard. He maneuvered Nicolle leaning down on the floor with her ass sticking out to him. Then in one quick motion he shoved that rock hard shaft right up her ass. Nicolle whimpered out, "Ohhhhh, yesssss... fuck my ass." She didn't have to say it because I knew this guy had every intention of reaming Nicolle's ass real hard. He began pumping in and out of her anal hole. After a minute or so he withdrew it all the way so he could ram it back through her anal opening. Everyone was watching how it looked seeing Nicolle's asshole stretched and gaping as he pulled out and drove it back in each time. 

The sight of Nicolle's ass was arousing him more too. As his hard cock slipped out, he would momentarily gaze upon the wide dark opening leading into her ass. He pulled her asscheeks apart more so as to open up her shithole wider. "My God,... look at that ass," he gasped out in a frenzy.  And he went on screaming at Nicolle while he buttfucked her again. "puta..." "puta..." "culo puta..." It almost seemed like the tone in his voice was that of reprimanding Nicolle for being such an easy slut for these men. Even his action in the way he was fucking her ass so hard was as if he were punishing her for being a whore.         

While this was going on Nicolle was holding her head up as best she could in order to suck another cock. These fat disgusting men in front of her were holding her head and shoving their hard cocks down her throat while her ass continued getting reamed out.  

Finally this Spanish guy pulled out of Nicolle's ass. He grabbed his cock and began spurting cum all over Nicolle's buttocks and up her back. He sat there behind Nicolle looking at her pretty body with his cum splattered all over it. "Puta," he whispered out loudly one more time. 

Nicolle had absolutely no time to rest. She was getting cocks one after the another either fucking her cunt, up her ass or in her mouth. The more they saw how much Nicolle was enjoying this gangbang, the rougher and dirtier they were becoming. 

This one short fat ugly guy moved in front of Nicolle. He was a really disgusting sight with his big gut belly hanging down. He was almost bald and was quite a crude looking man. Nicolle looked up at him as he spoke. "Here slut, taste these." And he pushed his huge nut sack into Nicolle's face. Of course Nicolle was eager to please him and began sucking his balls into her mouth. It must have felt pretty good because he began moaning out, "oh fuck... good little whore." "You sure know how to suck balls, don't you?" "Feel how full they are?" 

Then he pushed her away and asked the guy next to him," help me turn this bitch over." The two of them now had Nicolle on her back. "I've always wanted to do this to a dirty fuckin' whore," he said. "And you're a dirty little thing." Everyone was curious what he was going to do.  

I'm not even sure where it came from, but all of a sudden this disgusting guy had a speculum. The other man helped by pulling Nicolle's legs up in the air and back over her head. Then the ugly guy inserted the speculum into Nicolle's ass and slowly opened it. While her legs were being held apart, he stood over Nicolle, grabbed his cock and began pissing into her ass through her wide-open anal hole. "How do like that slut?"  When he finished he pulled the speculum out leaving Nicolle with her ass full of his hot urine. 

The speculum was then placed in Nicolle's cunt and opened up all the way again stretching her pussy wide. Everyone was still watching. The second guy stood up and did the same thing. He pissed right into her cunt until it overflowed. Then the speculum was removed.  

"How's that honey," they asked. "We heard how much you like piss." Obviously the guys from earlier in the evening told them what Nicolle did. Then they made Nicolle hold their hot urine inside her body. She had to walk around and tell everyone how much she loved the way it felt inside her. For those that missed seeing what happened, Nicolle was instructed to lay down and spread her own cunt and ass open to show them the piss inside her holes. 

When everyone had seen Nicolle's pissed in fuckholes, she was ordered to the bathroom. Fortunately, the large Jacuzzi bathroom was big enough for everyone to crowd in. In front of all the men, she had stand in the tub and let everyone watch the piss gush out of her cunt. They shouted out orders to Nicolle as the piss sprayed from her cunthole. "Taste it!" "Yeah, c'mon whore, let's see you drink some." Nicolle put her hand between her legs letting the urine piss out all over it. Then she licked her fingers like a kitten cleaning milk from its' paws. That brought a loud response. "Oh Fuck... what a dirty whore." Nicolle can never hear that enough. She loves being called a dirty whore. It makes her want to be nastier. And that's exactly what she did. When her cunt was empty she knelt down and licked the bottom of the Jacuzzi sucking some of the piss into her mouth. Then she stood back up so they could watch it dribble through lips. 

Once Nicolle finished that filthy exhibition, she then knelt down in the Jacuzzi again. She reached behind herself stretching her asscheeks apart and expelled the dirty piss stored up in her rectum. All the men were coaxing her on as the urine squirted from her ass. A couple times her asshole stretched wide, she grunted and let a nice brown chunk plop from her ass. I can't imagine the humiliating feeling inside Nicolle when that happened and they cheered..."filthy bitch whore" "What a dirty ass." That was the filthiest thing I've ever seen Nicolle do in front of a bunch of men. And they loved it. 

After that incredible display Nicolle cleaned herself up and was back in the suite. It was the middle of the night and still Nicolle was sucking cock and getting fucked. They placed her on the coffee table like they were putting her body on display. Then one at a time they spread her legs and fucked her cunt again. It became a ritual where every guy did the same thing. Once their cock was real hard inside her cunt, they pulled out and buried it in her ass. Then after using her asshole they would walk around to her head and rub their dirty cocks over her face. If there was any scum on it from her ass, she had to clean it with her mouth. Then they masturbated and shot a load of sperm all over her face and chest. 

There were so many men in the suite by this time I lost track. There had to be fifty or sixty men. While Nicolle was on the coffee table I saw a few men go into the bedroom. I went to see what was going on in there. When I looked in I saw two girls, a cute little blonde and a sexy redheaded naked on the bed with a line a men waiting to fuck them. I asked who they were. Apparently they worked at the hotel bar downstairs and when it closed at 2am, one of the men told them there was a slut upstairs getting gangbanged. They were curious. Now here they were getting fucked too. They were taking cocks up their cunts and up their asses. 

I went back out to Nicolle to see how she was holding up. She was still getting cum sprayed all over her body. About fifteen minutes later two men brought the bar waitresses out from the bedroom. The girls stood there momentarily looking at Nicolle's cum covered body lying there on the coffee table. "Look at her... she's such a filthy slut isn't she," the blonde commented. "Does she like pussy too?" And then she walked over to Nicolle and straddled her face. Using her hands she opened her well-fucked cunt letting cum drip out onto Nicolle's face. Nicolle opened her mouth catching some and then leaned up to lick the blonde's pussy. The blonde then turned to Nicolle's open mouth and spit in it. "You whore," she yelled out. "I've never done anything like this to another girl." But fuck!!" "You're nothing but a filthy little bitch, aren't you?" And she spit in her face again. The redhead did the same too. She started spitting in Nicolle's mouth and that prompted the men to begin doing the same thing.        

It was over another hour of continuous cumming on Nicolle's face and then spitting on her. By the time they were all done, Nicolle was covered in slimy strands of spit and sperm. Her mouth was full too. Her hair was matted with sticky cock cream and her chest and breasts were a mess covered in cum and piss. 

At one point Nicolle had so much cum on her she was scooping it out of her eyes and eating it. Other than that and swallowing what she had in her mouth, she had to wear the rest the remainder of the night while they played with her body to see how many times they could make her orgasm. Fingers were stuffed up her cunt over and over until her pussy was so sloppy wet that they could shove their whole hand inside. That lead to everyone wanting to fist her cunt. And they did. They fistfucked Nicolle hard and yelled at her that they wanted her cum. When she did, they only gave her a minute to rest before someone else shoved their hand up her cunt again.

The blonde and redhead then came back to Nicolle. I couldn't believe these girls wanted to humiliate another female in front of so many men. I would have thought they would feel sorry for her that these guys were using Nicolle so crudely. But I guess it was exciting for them to see and they wanted to join in. First the blonde and then the redhead squatted over Nicolle and pissed in her face. Urine was spraying out from between their legs all over Nicolle. As it ran over Nicolle's face she licked at it catching some in her mouth and of course swallowed it. The redhead couldn't believe Nicolle could be so damn dirty even with them. So she turned and slapped Nicolle across her piss drenched face calling her, "Whore!!"... "you fuckin' dirty whore." The men absolutely loved seeing Nicolle being defiled like that by two other females. 
In fact, it aroused them so much that it made them want to use Nicolle's body even more. 

The men took bottles and fucked her cunt several times shoving them in so deep her whole body shuddered in a violent orgasm each time. One of the ugly fat guys actually stuffed a whole beer can all the way inside her pussy until you couldn't see it anymore. He took the can in one hand while spreading her pussy lips apart with the other and twisted the can into her cunt, until it was wide enough to take it. Then with the heel of his hand pushed it all the way in. Nicolle let out a long deep moan, "OHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhh, Fuckkkkkkkkk!!!!!!...., as it disappeared inside her body. Doing that alone wasn't enough for this guy.  While Nicolle was still moaning, he turned Nicolle over his knee and spanked her ass until she came. And what an intense orgasm too. Her whole body was shaking and trembling as she lay over his knee getting her ass hand-spanked with a beer can up her cunt.

When he finished she had to squat in the middle of the floor so all of them could see the can sliding out of her wet juicy twat. Finally the can dropped out and she slumped to the floor exhausted. Nicolle lost track of how times she came. Her body was sticky with sperm. Her insides felt on fire. She smelled of cum and piss. But even though she was exhausted, she knew they loved how filthy she acted.

The gangbang was pretty much winding down. One at a time they were getting dressed and leaving. A half-hour later they were all gone. We were both tired. Daylight was starting to shine though the window as we lay on the bed for a while to rest. I could smell all the cum and piss on Nicolle's body. She said that it made her feel like a worthless, filthy cunt and whore that was only good for gangbanging. 

Later that morning we dressed and left. Of course we had to get our car and the two valets were there on duty already. When they saw Nicolle, or should I say smelled Nicolle, they knew she must have enjoyed night.   


------------------------

NiteWriter