 "What's your inspiration? I mean, you normally draw a nude here and there, and they're lone models... but this... 'last man standing' work of yours is... eh... different."

I was glad I could see the reporter couldn't think straight, barely looking at me; instead, ogling at my work was too hard to resist. But I couldn't explain the source of this work, could I? Open up about it in my exposition, where a some of the models I had depicted mingled?

===

It was so much fun to talk with Emma and Mindy. We could go from the Wachowskis' evolution in action sequences to designer shoes to what the dropping prices in oil could mean for the Americas' economy in a single cup of fancy tea. So the last time we were at The Coffee Bean, when Mindy stood to get extra sugar and sat back in a funny way, Emma jokingly chided her for it.

"You laugh," Mindy said with still some discomfort, "freaking Jorge could fuck all 36 of the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders and then he'd come home still horny. Jeez, we shouldn't have started with anal yesterday. Just who did I marry?"

I snorted, but Emma jumped in the conversation, "that's BS. Roy could fuck the 36 of them because their numbers include men, and Jorge isn't bi. Roy is. I'm sure my boyfriend could outfuck your man any day."

I was starting to grow uneasy. These girls didn't have a volume control and we were already getting a couple of odd looks our way.

"Wanna bet?"

"How would that even work?"

"Well, we could put both a clock and keep tabs on how many times each one has cum, we'd have to be on the same room and start at the same time," Emma was designing the logistics pretty quickly, both to Mindy's and my surprise.

"You are serious," I gasped.

"I don't know, I've never shared Jorge and..."

"Say what? I let Roy go forth to pillage, plunder and destroy neighboring women when I need a rest, girl. And I never said sharing. I was talking about Roy doing me and Jorge doing you. Watching each other to make sure we don't cheat and see who falls first. May God have mercy on our bodies."

"No way I could count, I close my eyes and get disconnected when I cum sometimes," Mindy frowned, "we'd need a referee..."

They both looked at me.

====

I don't know why they wanted to do it at my studio, saying I had the huge bed where I asked my models to lie down and it would work better there. And they argued we'd have more privacy, since it was far from the city where no noise could bother us. But they had convinced me in the end, that's what mattered.

As soon as they got there, the girls were giggling, although Mindy looked nervous. Suddenly, Emma pulled out a brown paper bag and out of it produced two BDSM collars, one with an M, the other with an E. As she adjusted the E one on Roy, who was laughing like it was the best joke ever, commenting on all the details onthe collar and making remarks on how it'd bring up his eyes... Jorge smirked as the M one was handed to him.

"Hey, how you've been?" Jorge's barely audible accent made my nethers tingle every time. In this occasion, he had dyed his hair silver. He undressed quickly, and Roy was just a step behind, his enviable blond hair was quickly forgotten by me when I saw the shape these men were in. Where did my friends get these guys?! Athletic but not over the top and good looking? Damn my luck with men.

"Baby, are you sure you wanna-eeep!"

Jorge was already nude except for his glasses and had spanked his wife, who was promptly shoved to the bed. He uttered a quick, "agárrate."

Emma hopped on to bed with Roy behind.

"Oh, my god, I'm so fucking wet," Emma said, laughing, "OK! So we're only counting the times you guys are cumming and how long it takes you to be completely spent. Tonight, don't worry about going down on us, we know we'll get to cum plenty. Ready? Start the count in 3... 2... 1..."

I hit "start" on my cell's stopwatch, and Mindy started to complain, "wait! We're still clothed and... ah... ah..." Jorge had rolled a condom on the moment he had seen Roy do it and both had entered their partners at the same time. The thrusts that immediately followed had left her speechless. Jorge gave it hard to Mindy, who still wore her blue dress. They had begun in a missionary position, while Roy and Emma were going at it doggy-style. 

The four of them were moaning, grunting, groping at each other... call me blasphemous, but now that I've heard them, I'm sure heaven doesn't have harps and french horns, it surely sounds like Emma, Mindy, Jorge and Roy having sex. I think Emma had cum once and Mindy was showing signs of a second orgasm. I was sooo wet, and they seemed to only be getting started.

"Ah! Ay cabrón! Nnnh..."

Jorge finished first, groaning and slamming into Mindy with abandon. His orgasm seemed to get both Emma and Roy off, who were enraptured watching the married couple fuck. Jorge withdrew, and tied the condom. Without wasting time, he rolled another one on and got Mindy to straddle him, fucking her from below. Roy was a few seconds behind, tying his condom and going for a variation of the missionary, just one of Emma's leg rested against his shoulder.

Watching them going at it said volumes about their couple dynamics. Roy made sensuous, stripper-like hip movements, holding on to his girlfriend who thrashed around in another orgasm, and a very vocal one at that. Jorge, on the other hand, spanked, scratched, bit and whispered what I could only imagine were the filthiest things in Spanish as he tweaked her nipples.

When the second orgasm overcame both men almost at the same time, neither of them bothered in tying the condoms, the look between the guys was of friendly but unmistakable rivalry and they weren't about to back off. Jorge laid down and made his wife straddle him in the amazon position.

"Móntame la verga," he called out as Mindy fucked herself on his dick.

Roy grinned and gave him a thumbs up as he rode Emma in a dragon position, "good one, man!"

The guy who didn't look like your typical Mexican nodded, lifting his eyebrow as if to say, "you're not doing bad yourself".

I couldn't take it any more. I took out my pencils and began to draw furiously looking at them lose themselves in each others' bodies. The tally marks in the score increased as both men fucked like that had been their actual calling in life. Suddenly, when both pulled out after an orgasm that had been had by Roy first, followed by a bellowing Jorge and a squealing Mandy, both discarded the condoms in a messy manner and tried to fish out a new one.

The box was empty. Both had fucked their couple five times, hours had gone by and they looked like they could still go at it.

"Shit, I left the other box in the car. But if we pause..." Roy trailed off, looking for a solution.

"Fuck this, I'm not losing," Jorge took his thick cock and, as Mandy prepared to object, he slid it, bare, home. Her eyes rolled back in pleasure and moaned like a woman in heat.

Emma looked back at her boyfriend, shrugged, and he slammed his unprotected cock inside of her. As if by a silent agreement, each woman looked at her man deep into his eyes as they had unprotected sex,the implications heavy in the air. The moans became throaty, the movements more sensuous... and in the middle of the fuckfest, I realized I was seeing both couples, synchronized by an inaudible inner voice, making love. It was strangely intimate beyond words and I feel lucky to have witnessed it (with two fingers inside me).

Both men grunted as they emptied their balls deep into their partners, my friends' faces changed the moment they felt their hot cum flood their insides. Suddenly, the magic moment had finished. Round six was marked on the score. Both men looked into each other's eyes and, without even pulling out, began to fuck them hard again. Roy with his trademark hip moves, Jorge unveiling his kinky nature again.

I didn't know when had it happened, but Emma had been ogling Jorge's cock going in and out of her friend as he fucked Mindy harshly and Emma said out loud, "damn, can I get some of that?"

Mindy caught the meaning immediately and looked nervously at Jorge... but then she caught herself staring at Roy with curiosity and thinly veiled desire. Then, she looked back at her husband.

"You call the shots, I'm up for it if you want to," the man's eyes were clouded by lust, looking at the girl in front of him. His breathing became ragged.

"Baby?" Emma looked at her boyfriend, pleading with her eyes, then stared at the man fucking her friend.

"Fuck yeah," Roy whispered. The appealing idea was making everyone's orgasm draw closer.

Jorge looked at his wife. She closed her eyes and nodded.

"Oh, shit," the realization that she was about to get fucked by the hunky silver-haired guy sent Emma over the edge and screamed as she came, setting her boyfriend off, and in response, Mindy made get husband cum as she gasped in ecstasy, adding another orgasm to the countless ones she'd had.

The four exchanged looks in silence and something told me to get another paper to sketch on. Mindy lifted herself from her husband's dick and Emma followed her lead. The two of them switched places and repeated the looking at every member of their orgy.

"Sideways, facing the others," Roy suddenly said, "Jorge, man, I want you to watch as I fuck your wife good."

"I want you to look at Emma's face when I cum inside her," he responded, adjusting his glasses.

Everybody fell silent. The women looked at each other. Until Jorge had said it, nobody had thought about cumming inside the other's partner, what the consequences could be...

"Well, I've been asked if there's any Mexican in me before," Emma said, then turned around, lying on her side and pressing her ass to Jorge's crotch, "wanna help me with that?"

Emma took the thick, condom-less cock in her hand and deliberately slowly took it inside her. Roy carefully placed Mindy so she'd face her husband who had begun to fuck Emma. Jorge began slowly for Emma to get used to the rough treatment she was about to enjoy. The blond guy placed his naked dick and slowly inserted it in the married girl's awaiting pussy.

After a few seconds of meaningful glances between the four of them, Jorge bit down on Emma's neck, forcing an erotic moan out of her. Then, he unleashed his nature, savagely fucking the hot blonde in the white garters and high heels. As if given permission, Roy lifted the married girl's leg and began to move his hips in a sinuous, hypnotic pattern, his slick cock entering her gracefully.

Jorge began to slam his hips against Mindy, his face scrunched in near orgasmic bliss, spanking her hard, making her hoarsely scream with delight. Emma let Roy do his magic on her, her movements losing control. They had been so closer to each other, and for the first time in the night, all of them were connected somehow. Mindy placed her hand on Emma's knee, grasping her as if her friend were an anchor to the world, but that set Emma off.

"Are you gonna fill me?" Emma asked Mindy's husband.

"No mames, ah... Emma, so fucking tight... actually, you should ask, 'how many times are you gonna fill me?'"

Mindy moaned when she heard that.

"Here it comes, Mindy!" Roy warned. After that, the voices became a cacophony of lust.

"Give it to me! Give it to-ah yeah! Oh, fuck!"

"TAKE IT! Take it all..."

"Fuck, just like that..."

"Fill me, you stud, I wanna feel it!"

The image I was looking at became burned in my mind as I sketched it. Jorge's hand lifting Emma's leg as his cock pulsed inside of her, his ring glinting in the warm light; the M on his collar looking at me... Emma in the throes of a terribly powerful orgasm, screaming incoherently... Mindy rubbing Emma's leg softly with her hand, a ring that matched Jorge's on it and get other hand entwined with Roy's... and Roy himself holding Mindy almost lovingly as he delivered his cum inside of her, his collar marking him as Emma's tight around his muscular frame, his eyes closed.

===

I came back from my reverie, my panties suddenly damp. The night had started at that point. I looked at the reporter and almost had a stroke. Behind him, deliberately ignoring my request, came walking Emma, Jorge, Mindy and Roy (in that order) holding each others' waists. People gawked at them in recognition. The fuckers were even wearing the damned collars. The reporter turned around to see what had caught my attention and froze. The voice barely came out when the question towards them rose:

"So... Who won?"

Automatically, both men jerked their thumbs towards the other and said in unison, "he did."