 It started as a joke...Three women, Leza, Emily, and Bridgett, drinking tequila shooters...Bragging about their ability to give blowjobs. Much like men bragging about their sexual prowess, each claimed to be the best at this particular "skill." The argument, fueled by the tequila, was loud and boisterous, and punctuated with lots of laughter, and claims of "superiority." Finally, Emily jokingly proposed a contest. 

This, of course, precipitated peals of laughter and raunchy ideas about how the contest would be judged and who the judge might be. A variety of men known to all three were proposed and discussed. Each was laughingly dismissed for a variety of aesthetic shortcomings...Beer bellies, bad breath, balding heads, chauvinistic attitudes, and general behavioral characteristics all served to disqualify virtually every man in their social and professional circles. Finally, they all agreed that the contest would have to put on hold until a suitable judge could be located and the conversation drifted to other subjects. 

Later the next week Leza mentioned the blowjob contest conversation to Jack, her lover. They lived quite a distance apart and saw each other infrequently, but communicated daily via e-mail. Their relationship was largely sexual, but they had become good friends and readily shared the intimate details of their lives with one another. She told him of the conversation and they joked back and forth about it a little and then he volunteered to be the "judge" if they wanted to hold the contest. Her response was of the sarcastic "Oh sure, I'll run it by my friends and let you know " variety, and they let it drop. 

The next time she was with Emily and Bridgett, Leza mentioned her lover's "willingness" to serve as the judge of their proposed contest. Again, the laughter and raunchy conversation started, but then Emily said, "You know, I've thought about this more than once since that night. I still think I'm the best." 

"Oh, right!" laughed Bridgett, "I can't even see you giving a blow job! You're too prim and proper." 

"What? Her? Prim and proper?" Leza responded, "I see you as being as prissy as her, and neither of you can come close to me in the blowjob category." 

"Well," Emily said with a smile on her face, "We have a volunteer judge...Let's do the contest and settle it." 

Leza and Bridgett, shocked into a stunned silence, turned and stared at each other. Slowly all three started to grin. 

"Do you think he will really do it Lez?" Bridgett asked. 

"I-I don't know," Leza answered nervously "He hasn't balked at anything I have brought up so far, but this is REALLY out there...Y'all? Are you sure about this? I mean, I-I'm game, but don't start this crap and then back out." 

"Okay, here's the deal" Bridgett said leaning forward and staring at the other two, "Once and for all...Do we do it or not? Either we are all in and ask him or we forget it. I'll go first...I'm in, now what about you Emily?" 

"Jeez, Bridgett...Um, yeah, okay..." her face brightening with an evil grin, "I'm in...Leza?" 

"Well, how can I refuse?" Leza responded in mock disgust, "I can't let you two outdo me on the perversion scale." 

There was a long silence as all three considered this bizarre decision. They had done some strange stuff before, but this ripped it...They were going into uncharted territory. 

It was two weeks before Jack could make it to town on an evening when Emily, Bridgett, and Leza were available. They agreed to meet at a restaurant for drinks and then go to Jack's room for the contest. The "meeting" at the restaurant started off with everyone being nervous. 

Emily and Bridgett were relieved to see that Jack was a reasonably attractive man, slim, yet somewhat muscular, but they were very nervous. Leza was nervous on her own account, but also nervous because she had involved Jack in this craziness. Jack was nervous in his own right...One of his premier fantasies was about to be fulfilled... Yet he had fears of his own...What were the rules? How were they going to proceed? Could he last through each woman sucking his dick, or would he cum too soon ...Or god forbid, what if he couldn't cum at all? 

Jack ordered tequila shooters for the ladies and ginger ale for himself. Emily and Bridgett immediately protested... 

"Hey, no fair!" Emily said as he ordered his ginger ale. 

"Yeah," Bridgett chimed in, "Why aren't you drinking?" 

As the waitress walked away Leza looked at them with disgust, "He can't drink y'all. You know what it does to men." Then dropping her voice she hissed "We'll be here sucking away this time tomorrow if he drinks!" 

They both glanced at Jack who nodded his agreement with Leza, "Okay, I guess you're right." Bridgett said as Emily nodded in understanding. 

The initial shooters were followed by a couple of more and things began to loosen up a bit. Soon the conversation had turned to a variety of ribald jokes and stories and then Jack said, "Okay, ladies. Ready to go?" 

Leza shot a look at Bridgett and Emily, "Okay y'all. It's now or never." 

Bridgett, glancing at Emily, took a deep breath and said, "Okay. Let's go." 

Emily, feeling the effects of the shooters a little more than the rest, giggled and said, "Yep, let's go!" 

Jack drove them to the motel and they walked into his room. 

"Okay," he said as he took a deep breath, "What are the rules of this contest?" 

The women were standing together looking at Jack... 

"Well," Bridgett stated, "You have to undress...completely." 

"Then we will blindfold you," said Leza. 

"Blindfold?" Jack said quizzically, eyebrows raised. 

"Yep, blindfold" Emily interjected, "Leza already has an advantage and we don't want anything but the sense of touch to come into play here." 

Jack nodded his assent. 

"Then you sit in that chair," said Emily, "And we tie your hands to the arms..." 

"Now wait a minute!" Jack blurted, putting his hand up in protest, "This is getting a little strange." 

"GETTING strange?" Leza burst out laughing, "Jack, you are about to participate in a blowjob contest. We're WAY beyond strange here. Look baby, we just don't want you to touch us and know who we are. We want to be in control, and as Emily said, all we want you to feel is the blowjob. I promise it will be okay." 

"Okay," Jack said shaking his head as if in disbelief that he had agreed to become involved in this situation. 

"We have already drawn straws to see who goes first," Bridgett explained, "Once you are nude, blindfolded and your arms are tied we will all get to run our hands over your body, to get you in the mood, but no touching your dick. Then "Contestant #1" have one minute to do her best, followed by #2 who gets one minute, the #3 who gets one minute." 

"Each time one of us has had her minute, the next one will wash your dick with a warm cloth and dry it off," Leza explained, "That way each of us starts with a clean, dry dick." 

"Okay," Jack said grinning and shaking his head in disbelief, "You really have planned this out. So... How does the contest end?" 

"Well," Bridgett said, "We decided to do two rounds of one minute each. That's six minutes...Then you tell us who you want to finish you off, and she is the winner." 

"Anything else?" Jack asked eyebrows raised as he looked at each woman. 

"Nope...That's it ," Emily said then hesitating said, "Of course, we all will stay in the room and watch the whole deal." 

"Of course!" Jack said laughing and rolling his eyes. 

"O-okay Jack," Bridgett stammered "Get undressed." 

Jack made short order of his clothing and was soon standing before them without a stitch on. Emily and Bridgett, having never seen him before paid particular attention to his penis, which stood at "half-mast" as he stripped off his shorts. 

Leza took control at that point and pushed him into the chair, "Here Bridgett, you put the blindfold on him. Emily and I will tie his hands." 

There was a brief flurry of activity as they tied him to the chair and then they stood back. 

"You comfortable Jack?" Emily asked and at the same time Leza kicked off her shoes and quietly moved to his side. 

"Move your butt forward baby and spread your legs" she whispered as her hand ran up his thigh. 

"Ungh!" Jack gasped at the contact of her warm hand with the skin on his thigh. 

"Okay Jack," Bridgett said as she watched his penis begin to lengthen and harden with Leza's continued stroking, "One last thing...When I stop talking there will be no further talking by us. You can say all you want, but we're going to be quiet so you will have no idea who is between your legs. Okay?" 

"Y-yes!" Jack stuttered as Leza's fingers grazed his testicles...And then there was silence. 

A second pair of hands, somewhat cooler than Leza's began rubbing his chest. They circled then closed in on his nipples, pinching, then pulling the buds until he groaned in pleasure and panted with need. 

Then there was a third set of hands tracing about his face, playing with his lips until he sucked them in and bit them lightly. The bite drew a husky giggle, but he couldn't tell who it was. As the caresses continued, he felt his penis grow erect and rigid and he could feel the head resting on his lower belly...Suddenly the hands left his body and aside from the rustling of people moving around, there was no sound. 

After what seemed to be an endless pause, he felt the heat of a body kneeling between his legs and warm breath on his penis. 

"A-h-h-h-h!" he gasped as her tongue ran from the base to the tip of his penis. 

She spent a lot of time licking and then sucked the slick distended head of his penis into her mouth. 

"N-n-n-n-g-g-g-g!" he gritted as she worked her tongue around and around the head, pausing to suck it vigorously while bobbing her head in short shallow strokes. 

As quickly as it began, it was over. She withdrew and his penis was covered with a warm wet wash cloth and then dried thoroughly. He was still panting from the first lady's attentions and was allowed to sit until his breathing returned to normal. 

The he felt the second lady grasp his thighs as she knelt between his legs. He flexed his sphincter so that his penis would stand up and she sucked him into her mouth. Slowly she lowered her mouth over him, sucking deeply as she took him in until her nose rested at the base of his penis. 

"Y-a-a-a-h-h-h!" He gasped as he felt her working her throat around his penis and then began to slowly pull away. 

"W-h-h-ha-a-a-a!" he groaned as she hesitated with only the head in her mouth then started on another downward stroke, moving faster this time...More demanding...Then she stopped and let him go. 

Again the warm wet roughness of the wash cloth, followed by the drying of the towel and then the wait for Contestant #3. 

Soon she was between his legs. He felt her forefinger and thumb encircle his balls and pull down on his scrotum until his penis was standing, skin stretched, head gleaming. 

W-h-h-a-a-a-o-o-o-oh-oh-oh g-god!" he cried bucking his hips up as she pursed her lips tightly and pressed them over the distended head of his penis. Slowly, centimeter by centimeter she slid her lips over his penis and down the stem pausing only briefly before starting up and down again...Until her time also expired. 

He was breathing hard, gasping for breath and sweating profusely as Contestant #1 started her second turn. 

"U-n-n-g-g-h-h-h!" he grunted as she started the quick shallow strokes around the head of his throbbing penis. 

"A-h-h-h-h-h-y-a-a-a-h-hgh!" he gasped as Contestant #2 worked the depths of her throat around the head of his penis. 

When Contestant #3 knelt between his legs his heart was racing and his penis bouncing on his belly with every heartbeat. Precum dripped from the tip of his penis and he was groaning with the need to cum. 

Again she firmly pulled down on his balls and slowly, ever so slowly worked her mouth over him. 

"O-o-h-ho, p-p-please!" he gasped in desperation to cum. 

But she was so slow, yet so thorough that she finished her second minute just before his orgasm began to build. She stepped away and there was silence. He waited and then said "Number three." 

His words were greeted with a simultaneous squeals of delight and exclamations of "Shit!" and "Dammit!" 

Immediately, she was back between his legs. And he gasped in delight as for a third time she tugged his balls down and sucked his penis into the warmth of her mouth. 

"Oh, p-p-please" he groaned "Y-yes, d-do it for m-me." 

The room was silent except for his groans and gasps and the slurping of her lips over his penis. Then... 

"O-oh, g-g-god, y-yes, o-oh g-god..." his body froze in place and he lifted his hips toward her. 

She slowed the stroking of her mouth to a veritable crawl and tightened her grip on his balls. Then... 

"O-oh god, o-o-oh g-god! H-h-here it is-s-s-s-! Unh! Unh! Unh! Oh, y-yes!" he cried out as he shot his semen into her mouth...She slowed her movement and savored the moment as she felt his body sag in the chair...Relaxed, released. 

The other two immediately began to call for a rematch. 

He could only groan.