 Wendy read the letter from the second couple, whose ad she had replied to. Harry and Jane lived quite near, they were in their late forties and were looking for another woman to spice up their lives and to have some fun with.

Wendy sat down and wrote them a letter telling them all about herself and her family, and that she was very bored with her husband and son being away so much. She mentioned briefly that she had just met another couple for a fun and sexy encounter. Wendy enclosed her phone number on the bottom and sent it of. She hoped they didn't reply to soon as her pussy and ass needed time to get back to normal, both were nicely sore.

A few days went by when the phone rang. It was midday, and Wendy answered it. Jane sounded like a very jolly person, Wendy thought, as they talked. Jane asked Wendy if she was free to join them for dinner that evening, Wendy accepted the invitation and checked with Jane the address and time.

Wendy made preparations for her dinner date and had a bath and found a nice dress to wear and soon found herself in a taxi heading for Jane's house. The taxi pulled up outside a nearly new semi-detached house, quite big, and in a nice neighbourhood. Wendy knocked on the door it was answered by Jane she was a little taller then Wendy and a bit heavier built, she looked very elegant in a nice long black dress. Harry was also well dressed, tall and slim and rather handsome Wendy thought to herself.

They all seemed to hit it off straight away, Harry was one for the jokes and soon had Jane and Wendy roaring with laughter. The meal was a success, they all enjoyed it and settled down afterwards and were all soon in conversation. "Are you into role playing, dressing up?" asked Harry.

"I've never done that," Wendy answered. "What sort of thing did you have in mind?"

Jane smiled at Wendy and said, "We were hoping we could get you dressed up in some really sexy outfits. You are very good looking with a super figure it would be fun and a big turn for us."

Wendy smiled. "That sounds fun. I don't have any sexy clothes though."

"Oh, don't worry about that. Jane here will take your measurements and we will get some things for you," Harry said. "I hope you will let us take some photos of you, maybe even a video, just for our enjoyment."

"Yes, don't worry dear," Jane said reassuringly. "It's good fun to watch afterwards, and we wouldn't let the pictures or video to fall into the wrong hands."

Wendy was not too sure. "I wouldn't like my husband to find out or see them, as he knows nothing of my new secret life."

Harry looked at Jane and said, "We could always get you a disguise, a wig, dark glasses and different make-up no one would recognise you, not even your husband."

Jane smiled broadly at Wendy. "Give it a try - if you like it, and we think you will, we can have lots of fun. If you don't then we can find some other way to enjoy ourselves."

Wendy seemed quite happy. "Okay, I'm game for a try, I'm looking forward to dressing sexily, it's something I haven't done before."

Jane went and got her tape measure and got Wendy on her feet and took all the necessary sizes. "We have a caravan in the country would you like to join us up there for the weekend," Jane asked.

"It's a big one, lots of room. There is some lovely walks too," Harry added.

Wendy got her diary out of her handbag and checked the dates, "That would be lovely," she said. "It's the week end after that my son comes home."

Jane and Harry looked at each other and smiled happily, Harry said, "We normally like to leave Friday early afternoon - will that be all right with you?"

Wendy thought for a second, "Yes that will be fine."

"Okay, if you can get here as soon as you can on Friday, Jane and I will have the van packed and ready," Harry said.

The evening came to a close and Wendy thanked them for a lovely evening, her taxi came to pick her up. Harry and Jane saw her to the door Harry put his arms around her and kissed her full on the lips, "See you on Friday," he said.

"Thanks for coming, glad you enjoyed it see you soon," Jane said and she kissed Wendy on the mouth as well. Wendy thought what lovely people they were as she journeyed home.

Friday arrived Wendy showered and dressed in jeans and a blouse with flat shoes, she picked up her bag containing her things for the weekend, got a taxi, and got to Jane and Harry's soon after midday.

Jane came to the door. "Hello Wendy," she said cheerily. "Glad you are nice and early, come in."

Harry was busy loading the camper van in the drive. He took Wendy's bag and put it in also. Jane took Wendy upstairs, "We have some clothes for you to try on," she said. "Harry and me would like you to wear a nice outfit to travel in, we have picked out a lovely set, we hope it all fits alright." Jane showed Wendy into a bedroom were the clothes were laid out, "You get changed," she said, "Give me a shout if you need any help, I'll just be in the next room."

Jane got undressed and picked up the white bra first, she put it on, it was a quarter cup, it pushed her tits together upward and outward. She put on the white wide fronted lacy suspender belt, which had extra wide suspenders, then the black seamed stockings. She was fastening the thin cotton flared skirt, a dark blue one with white flowers on when Jane knocked on the door.

"How are you getting on? Do you need a hand - can I come in?" she asked.

"Yes come in I need some help," Wendy answered.

Jane opened the door. "My you do look sexy!" she exclaimed. "Can I help?" she asked, not waiting for an answer she was tugging the bra about and re-positioning Wendy's tits. "That's better," she said admiring Wendy's tits the bra could hardly be seen but her tits were thrust forward prominently, her nipples proudly on display. Jane lifted the back of Wendy's skirt and re-arranged her stockings, "The seams are not straight," she said.

"I have not worn stockings for years," Wendy said.

"You do look good in them," Jane said admiringly. Wendy pulled on the flimsy panties they were almost see-through. Jane watched, "I do love a shaven pussy - so does Harry," she said as Wendy pulled them up tight, they were white and fitted really snugly. Jane helped Wendy on with the blouse, it had two buttons down the front that went into two ties which Jane fastened into a nice big bow. The two buttons Wendy did up pulling the blouse front tight over her tits. The cotton of the blouse was quite thin also but not see-through.

Jane ran her fingers over the tips of Wendy's tits teasing her nipples making them erect and stand out, trying to push their way through her blouse. "Oh my god that is so sexy," Jane cried, "You are a very beautiful woman, we are very fortunate to have found you." Wendy put on the black high heels, they were a lot taller than she was used to and was tottering around a little, "You will soon get used to them," Jane said. "Come on downstairs - Harry is going to love you, even more than he already does," Jane said.

"Does Harry really love me, we have only just met?" Wendy said.

"Oh, Harry thinks you are his dream girl. He talks about you all the time - he thinks you are the sexiest woman he has met," Jane said. Wendy began to pick up her other clothes, "Leave them," Jane said. "Harry and I have got lots of new clothes for you to wear this weekend." Jane led the way downstairs, she looked outside and saw Harry and called him in. "Come and see Wendy," she said.

Harry came into the room and stood staring at Wendy with his mouth open, "What a vision of loveliness! God, I could ravish you here and now," he said with more than a hint of lust in his voice.

(That's all right by me) Wendy thought, as she had fancied him from the first time she saw him.

"We just have to finish Wendy's disguise, the wig and make-up, then we are ready," Jane said to Harry. Jane led Wendy back upstairs, Harry followed behind, stooping forward as he went he could see up Wendy's skirt. Wendy looked back to see him staring up so she deliberately flipped up her skirt at the back to give him a nice view. She could tell he loved that, Jane took Wendy into the master bedroom and sat her at the dressing table.

She reached into a box and pulled out a blonde wig, tying up Wendy's own hair she expertly fitted it. Wendy hardly recognised herself in the mirror. Jane combed the wig and put it into two pigtails just behind each ear. Jane sorted through her make-up and soon had Wendy looking totally different, the red lipstick accentuating Wendy's natural pout. Harry was speechless when he saw the finished effect, the dark glasses ensured not even her husband would not recognise her.

They left the house and Harry got in the driver's seat, Jane and Wendy sat on the long sofa in the back of the camper van. Jane said to Harry not to forget they had to go to the supermarket for supplies on the way. Harry pulled in to the car park and picked a space and backed in up against to a high wall. Harry got out and opened the side door of the van and pulled down the steps, he reached out his hand and helped Jane down, and then reaching up he took both of Wendy's hands and guided her down.

She was half way down when a gust of wind blew along the side of the van lifting Wendy's skirt up, Harry had a lovely view. Wendy was trying to free a hand from Harry's to pull her skirt down, but Harry held on, the wind took Wendy's skirt higher up around her waist. A couple were passing by the man stopped and was staring at Wendy he had a good view of her suspenders, stockings and panties. Wendy scrambled down the last few steps and pulled her skirt down.

Harry put his arm around her shoulders. "That was fantastic, I wish I had my camera - that shot is what dreams are made of," he said smiling broadly at Wendy.

They walked off towards the supermarket, "That was a little embarrassing. There was a man staring at me," Wendy said, still blushing.

"That adds to the excitement, don't you think?" Harry said.

"You looked ever so sexy, seeing up your skirt like that will have made that guy's day. He will have that picture in his mind for a long time," Jane added. Harry took Wendy's hand as they walked on towards the entrance and Jane took the other, Harry squeezed her hand lightly and looked at her, she looked back and they smiled at each other. Harry got a trolley and they entered went in side, Jane had a list of food and things to get for the weekend they went up and down the aisles picking up the items they wanted.

Harry kept looking back. "That guy that saw up your skirt in the car park is following us," he said.

"He's probably hoping for another look," Jane said.

"Well, let's give him one. Wendy, you lean over into that freezer and pretend to get something from the very bottom," Harry said, all excited, looking at Wendy. She didn't move, "Come on, it will be fun, don't you find it exciting," Harry asked.

"Oddly enough, I am beginning to get excited by it," Wendy said moving to the freezer. She leaned in and began rummaging as if looking for something, Jane and Harry walked past her so the guy walking up towards them would have a good, uninterrupted view of Wendy. Harry waited for him to get quite close. He noticed the guy's wife and when she wasn't looking he lifted Wendy's skirt up over her back.

The man eyes nearly popped out of his head he stood and looked at Wendy's sexy underwear, Harry ran a finger up her ass pushing her panties deep into her crack, she wiggled her bum in mock annoyance. Other people, especially men, also noticed and were looking intently, Wendy stood up and pulled her skirt back down and carried on as though nothing had happened. Harry liked that.

Down the next aisle they had a procession following them hoping for more, they finished shopping and went through the check out. Out in the car park a couple of men were glancing at Wendy admiringly, they got to the camper van, Harry opened the side door, he could see a man near-by was watching Wendy whilst loading his car. "Let's give him one last show," Harry said. Wendy nodded.

Harry undid the buttons and the bow on her blouse and threw open the front, the man stared in disbelief at her prominent tits, Harry was behind her now and lifted her skirt up around her waist. The watcher nearly had a heart attack. Harry held the pose until others in the car park noticed, then he helped Wendy into the van, he and Jane loaded the shopping. They set off out of the car park Wendy was sat in the back doing up her blouse. Jane came and sat beside her.

"Did that turn you on?" asked Jane.

"Yes, very much! I didn't think it would, but my panties are quite damp," Wendy answered.

"Oh, in that case we will change them, I have lots of panties on hand just for these occasions," she smiled and reached into a side drawer and pulled out another white pair like the ones she had on. Jane got up and put her hands up under Wendy's skirt and hooked her fingers into the waist of her panties and began to tug them down, Wendy raised her bum up off the seat to make it easier for Jane to get them off. Jane handed the new panties to Wendy, as she was pulling them on Jane took the damp ones up the front of the van and handed them to Harry.

"He loves to smell panties," Jane said to Wendy.

Harry was holding them to his nose taking long deep breaths. "Cor! What a heavenly smell," he said glancing back at Wendy a big grin an his face. Wendy's cheeks were flushed bright red with embarrassment.

"He likes your scent," Jane said, "He has got a huge hard-on." Harry, after a long while handed Wendy's panties back to Jane, who opened them out so she could see the damp patch and held it to her nose to smell.

"Yes you are right," she said to Harry, "Wendy sure does have a heavenly scent."

They drove on to the caravan site. Wendy was impressed - Harry and Jane's was very big. There was others on either side but none too close to make you feel squashed in. They pulled up alongside and were soon unpacking the van and getting things into the caravan. Other people were arriving and shouted greetings to each other. Harry and Jane seemed to know almost everyone, Wendy thought, as she was introduced to each and everyone.

Most of the people shot Wendy the occasional admiring glances, Harry noticed, and smiled to himself. They finished putting everything into the van and had a drink and relaxed. Then Jane with Wendy's help made the evening meal and they sat and ate, Wendy commented on how nice it and relaxed the atmosphere around the site was.

"After dinner I will show you a bit more of the area," Harry said.

While Jane was clearing up after the meal Harry grabbed Wendy's hand, "Won't be long, darling!" he shouted through to Jane. "Just take Wendy for a short walk around the site." They left the caravan and Harry led Wendy along the footpath and up a short hill, it was a pleasant evening, it was still daylight but dusk wasn't far away. Over the brow of the hill there was a little wood with a bench seat alongside the path. They both sat on the seat and looked out over a pretty little valley.

"How romantic that view is!" Wendy said. Harry reached out and put an arm around her neck and leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, Wendy turned her head and there lips met in a passionate kiss. Wendy put an arm around Harry and they embraced, Harry placed a hand on her tit and kneaded it gently, Wendy sighed heavily. Harry soon had her blouse undone both of her tits were uncovered Harry sucked on one taking as much of it into his mouth as he could while pinching and tugging on the nipple of the other. Wendy was moaning loudly twisting and turning on the seat, Harry placed a hand on Wendy's thigh and slowly slid it up under her skirt. Wendy opened her legs, Harry was rubbing her panty covered pussy, her head was tipped back her eyes clamped shut as Harry's fingers entered her panties tugging them to one side.

He soon had a couple of fingers up her pussy frigging her slowly his thumb rubbing her clit at the same time, she was so wet his fingers making a slurping noise as he pushed them in and out. Wendy reached into his lap and squeezed his hard cock, he undid has trousers and freed his erection. Wendy leaned forward and kissed it on the tip licking around the head with her tongue. Harry was laying back enjoying the experience, Then over the hill came two couples out for an evening stroll. They all looked on with interest, then amusement as Wendy and Harry tried to cover themselves up. The couples knew Harry.

One of the women, her name was Beryl said, "Naughty, naughty," and laughed, "Jane is waiting for you." They all smiled and walked on.

"I think we had better go back," Harry said, doing up his trousers Wendy stood up and buttoned up her blouse. They returned to the caravan, Jane was sat on the sofa, she poured everyone a drink, Harry sat at the other end of the sofa and got Wendy to sit in the middle.

"Wendy's has got lovely firm tits," Harry said to Jane. "Look," he added squeezing one of Wendy's tits. She was still very turned on from earlier and sighed deeply. Jane squeezed her other tit, then between them soon had her blouse open and were playing with her nipples making them erect and hard, pinching and tugging on them, then Jane leaned over and sucked on one. Harry knelt on the floor and opened Wendy's legs wide her panties were still pulled over to one side were he had left them earlier. He could see her pussy lips were puffed up and glistening with her juices, he leaned forward and ran his tongue over her pussy tasting her.

"She tastes good," he said to Jane. Jane slid to the floor and pushed Harry to one side, spreading Wendy's legs even wider then clamped her mouth over Wendy's pussy and sucked noisily. Wendy was writhing on the sofa moaning and sighing loudly, Jane came up for air and looked at Harry her face wet with Wendy's juices. "She does taste good," Jane agreed, then carried on tonguing her pussy. Wendy had a loud orgasm thrashing her legs and arms around.

"Let's go to bed," Jane said, getting up, Harry helped Wendy to her feet and they went to the bedroom. Jane took all her clothes off and lay on the bed, "Come and join me, Wendy," she said Wendy climbed on the bed and Jane guided her round and pulled her head down between her legs, Wendy began to lick Jane's pussy. Harry got undressed and got on the bed behind Wendy and pulled her up onto her knees, lifting her skirt over her back he began to rub his cock up and down her pussy then he slowly slid it into her. He buried his cock deep, then began fucking her, she was thrusting back to meet him moaning loudly.

Harry was holding Wendy's hips and thrusting into her Jane was getting her cunt seen to. Harry began to tease Wendy's asshole rubbing his fingers over it, then licking them he probed her hole and found he was able to slip a finger in easily. He soon had two fingers in then three, stretching her hole, Wendy's seemed to like it he thought as he continued fucking her pussy. Then he slowly pulled his cock out and rubbed the wet end against Wendy's ass and slowly pushed, her hole opened to accept him and he watched his cock slip inside. That really turned him on and he fucked her ass enthusiastically. Jane had a huge orgasm, Wendy had her third as Harry finally shot a load of cum up inside her. They all collapsed on the bed and slept.

The following morning Jane and Harry were up first and showered, Wendy was woken by Jane, "You go and shower dear," she said, "There's some clothes on the chair for you ". Wendy showered and dressed in black bra, black suspenders, black stockings, the blue skirt from the day before, a white low cut stretchy top and black high heels. She put the blonde wig with the pigtails back on.

She went through to breakfast Jane watched her come in," You look nice dear," she said and came over. Jane lifted Wendy's top up over her tits and re-adjusted her bra to push her tits more up and out, it was a quarter cup like the last one that she wore. Jane pulled the top back down until most of her cleavage was showing but her nipples were just covered.
