 (C) Copyright 2013 by choclit_tai. 

I thought for sure she was joking. When my friend Gina suggested earlier in the evening that she and my wife Tamara have a contest on who could make the other's spouse cum first, I never imagined it was something that would happen. But here we were....

It all started with a bet over billiards on one of our many vacations together. Gina, her husband Mitch and I were playing. Tamara had gone back to our hotel with our children and the rest of our group. We had all be drinking heavily which was the norm when we hung out together. The games had been going back and forth, but Mitch was on a bit of a streak and boasting a bit. I decided to make the last game interesting.

"If I win, I get to tongue your wife", I announced. We had kissed one another's spouses once before, so it wasn't completely a ridiculous request. Still, it wasn't something you hear every day. His first response was to say it wasn't fair because my wife Tamara wasn't there. I told him he could name his own stakes, and if that's what he wanted, he could work that out with her. He agreed. Gina at this point was feeling no pain and didn't seem to object that we were bartering her.

Like the other games it was close. Mitch was leading by a couple of balls and made a run down to the eight ball. He called his shot and proceeded to sink the shot, only to be followed by the cue ball. He jumped up to announce his victory. I calmly reminded him that he had indeed lost due to the scratch.

I didn't make a big deal of it since I sort of backed into the win, but it was a win nevertheless. I internally looked forward to my kiss with Gina. She also seemed to grasp the significance of my win as a devilish smile crept across her face. No move was made initially, so we all packed up our stuff and headed back to our hotel to meet up with the rest of our gang.

Once back at the hotel I spoke with my wife and she was comfortable with the kids so she was going to call it a night. Mitch, Gina and I decided to hit the casino and gamble a little before we turned in. I followed Mitch and Gina to the craps table to see if I could pick up on the game. I quickly lost interest and headed over to play blackjack. After winning a few hands I Went back to find Mitch and Gina. Mitch was on a run at the table w/ Gina sitting out the game, near his side. I told them I was heading to my room and Gina followed into the lobby.I turned to her and said I wanted to collect my prize and proceeded to kiss her. Her lips were soft and I cautiously introduced my tongue. She gladly accepted and we embraced in a deep, passionate union for what seem like eternity, but probably a minute or so. We slowly parted and shared a knowing look that spoke volumes without saying a word. I bid her goodnight and went to my room.

Fast forward to a night where we are all out drinking again. Four couples celebrating a birthday. As usual I find myself sitting next to Gina, and her husband Mitch next to my wife. It's always obvious to me that he positions himself to be next to my wife, so I usually follow suit. I often wonder if anyone else in the group notices. In between my subtle flirting with Gina, Mitch brings up our prior bet. Apparently, he was so drunk he didn't realize he lost, and had no idea that I had already collected my prize. He didn't seem bothered, but I could see the wheels spinning in his head, I'm sure with thoughts on how he could get a chance to kiss my wife.

He started talking about new ways to which we could compete. I jokingly brushed them off, letting him know I was game for anything he came up with. Right now my focus was more directed towards his wife and gently rubbing her thigh under the table.

She and I began talking about contests when suddenly she started to say something, but quickly caught herself.

"No say it!" I demanded, with a smile.

"Well, we could see who could make the other come first", she shared sheepishly.

I just knew I must have misunderstood, and of course asked her to repeat herself. She smiled and said it again, while I sat with my mouth open. Aside from our few shared kisses, nothing had ever happened to suggest that they'd be open to something like that. She'd always maintained that she wasn't ready for any type of swap. So I was chalking this up to the wine.

Just for fun, I played along and asked what the winner would get.

"Does it really matter?" she shot back. 

She had a point; we'd all be winners at that point. 

"Just so I'm clear, you'd be doing me, and Tamara would be doing Mitch, right?" I asked, still a little dumbfounded that we were even having this conversation. I could more understand if she meant that each lady performed on their respective spouse. But she assured me I was hearing correctly.

My cock was growing just with the thought of how this all could work. I shared with her how I thought she'd have her work cut out for her as it's rare that I'm able to climax from oral. She seemed to take that as a challenge and I suddenly saw the look on her face that I hadn't seen since our last kiss.

We'd been having this conversation throughout dinner, oblivious to the rest of the group. Before we knew it everyone was getting up to head to our next destination. I left her with the challenge of getting my wife to agree to such a contest. I was sure her husband Mitch would jump at the opportunity. My wife and I have had several discussions on the subject matter. While we're not swingers, past indiscretions have led us to considering a more open type relationship. Despite that, I felt like the suggestion would be better coming from Gina, versus me.

Our group of 8 bar hopped a bit until 6 of us ended up at and underground dance party. We were all mingling when out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Mitch grab my wife at the bar and kiss her. Luckily our other friends didn't notice, nor did Gina as she had her back to the bar while we were talking. Tamara didn't resist his advance, but could tell she was nervous that other might have seen. I knew the fact that Gina and I had kiss was eating Mitch up, but didn't think he'd be so bold. But two could play that game.

I grabbed her hand and led her to the dance floor. It was very crowded which prompted dancing very closely, which was what I preferred. Our bodies moved in unison to the hard beat of the music. I felt myself getting aroused and knew there'd be little I could do to hide it from her. But I didn't necessarily want to hide it. I wanted her to know how much she excited me. I held her hips as we swayed and moved her in closer, pressing my hardness into her. She looked at me with that now familiar lust. I leaned in and kissed her. This time there was no soft feeling out process. We both led with our tongue, exploring deeply within one another. When we finally broke I looked around to see the other's dancing, but no one seemed to be paying attention to us. Mitch and Tamara were dancing close as well, but I didn't see anything else between.

We all took a break and headed back to bar for more drinks. Our other friends decided to call it a night, leaving just the four of us. While Mitch and I waited for more drinks, the ladies headed to the dance floor. The two of them have even kissed on occasion and their dancing looked as if they might do it again. They were clearly giggling and talking about something, I secretly hoped it was Gina's plan. 

We grabbed the drinks and moved onto the floor to meet the ladies. The floor had cleared out some, so we all danced in a circle. But soon we seemed to pair up with the other's spouse. I kept moving until we were partially shielded by a column and kissed Gina some more. I reached around to grab her ass and pulled her tightly against my throbbing cock. She finally broke the kiss and panted that we should go. I asked her about the contest, and she just teased that we would see. 

We all met up and headed to the car. We originally parked at Mitch and Gina's house and rode together in one car. Once in the back seat with my wife, I immediately began to kiss her. She responded favorably, signalling that she had been as worked up as I had on the dance floor. I slid my hand up her warm thighs until I was met with the soaked gusset of her panties. She moaned in my mouth as I slid them to the side and eased my finger into her slick opening. I began sliding my finger in and out while rubbing her growing clit with my thumb. I could tell she was on the verge as her kisses became more insistent and she was thrusting up to get more of my finger.

Suddenly the car came to a stop as we parked at their house. I removed my finger and licked it clean, a gesture that didn't go unnoticed by the front passengers. Tamara pouted as she was on the brink of climax. I surmised it was better that she didn't cum as she'd be aching for a release.

Mitch suggested we stay in their guest room, which we had kind of planned on from the beginning. No one seemed to have any qualms with that idea and he turned on some music and began mixing drinks for us. Tamara excused herself to the restroom, leaving Gina and I alone. I looked at her questioningly and she just whispers to follow her lead, followed by a seductive kiss leaving me wanting more. I was so turned on by this new, more aggressive side of her.

We all settled onto their plush couch together, with us guys on the outside and the ladies squeezing together in the middle.

Gina looked toward Tamara and I and said, "I think it'd be fun if the two of you finished what you started in the back seat. It looked like you were having fun!"

"You were watching?!" Tamara blushed.

"Let's just say, it was obvious what was going on", Gina replied. "And my guess would be that that we arrived home before you were able to 'arrive'."

Tamara just sat with a bit of dazed look on her face as she thought back to my ministrations in the car. Gina looked at me as to say "go for it", so I leaned over and began to kiss my wife. There was no shyness about being right next to our friends as the intensity of our tonguing grew. I slid my left hand down and started to raise her dress. She instinctively spread her legs, allowing me better access and not caring that her panties were now in full view to anyone who looked.

I peeped over that saw that Mitch and Gina had begun kissing as well. Mitch was unbuttoning Gina's blouse and caressing her breasts. I could see her perky nipples straining through her thin bra. Gina soon took control, sitting up and straddling her husband as they continued to kiss. Tamara was oblivious to the movement next to her as I continued to work her pussy through her panties. I could feel her lips spreading under the fabric. Finally I made my move to remove them. As she felt me tugging them down, she raised her hips allowing me to pull them completely off.

Next to us, Mitch couldn't help but notice what I'd done and clearly wanted to keep up. With Gina's blouse completely open, he slid it off her shoulders leaving her only in her sheer bra. I purposely moved my kissed to Tamara's neck, causing her to turn to her left and see what was going on next to us if she happened to open her eyes. Mitch began teasing Gina's nipples through her bra until she finally reached behind her back to unhook it. She was looking at me as she pulled it off and I saw her eyes move down to my hand under Tamara's dress. I moved my arm causing the dress to creep further up her thighs. Tamara must have finally opened her eyes and seen Mitch sucking on Gina's bare breasts.

"Oh my God", she moaned as I continued to finger her pussy and she watched Gina hold her right breast to feed to her husband. She was so wet and I couldn't wait for Gina's next move. I slid off the couch and moved between my wife's legs. I threw her dress up completely exposing her slick, freshly waxed pussy. I dove in and began licking her like a man possessed. Her hands immediately went to my head as she pulled me in. I could barely see our friends out of the corner of my eye, but could feel movement as they must be switching positions. 

That's when I heard Gina pant...

"Do me please!" 

No man in their right mind could refuse a request like that. Gina sat back on the couch strategically close to Tamara while Mitch moved onto the floor next to me.

I had Tamara on the verge again while sucking her clit deep into my mouth and continuing to bang her with now two fingers, but I slowed my pace to allow our friends to catch up.

While Mitch began removing Gina's stilettos, I started long, slow licks the length of her soaked pussy. This allowed me to raise my head enough to look at Gina. She winked as she began to unbutton her pants, helping her husband along. She raised her hips and allowed him to pull down her jeans and tiny black thong.

I almost stopped what I was doing as I realized Gina was now completely naked, inches from me and my wife. I took in the vision of her tight brown nipples and neatly trimmed bush. This was way beyond anything I'd imagined for the night and everything from that moment on was considered a bonus. I renewed my efforts on Tam's clit and began moving my fingers in a pulling motion, trying to hit her G-spot. With my free hand I reached up and began to caress her breasts, eventually getting the strap of her sundress down. Tamara assisted me by removing her strapless bra, getting her slightly closer to Gina's state of undress.

I could hear Gina moan as Mitch finally went down on his wife. Tamara moaned as well and I knew she wouldn't be able to take much more torture. I was mercilessly flicking her clit with my tongue and I finally felt her begin to shudder. She gripped the couch on each side as her orgasm began to intensify. That caused her to brush Gina's right hand, prompting Gina to grab it. 

Mitch noticed and commenced to grunt as he licked his wife harder. As our wives held hands, Tamara's orgamsn took over causing her to push me away from the continued stimulation I was putting on her clit. 

She was still squeezing Gina's hand tightly and shocked everyone by leaning over her kissing her. I'd seen them kiss before, but this was by far the single hottest scene I'd ever witness. I sat back for a second as I watched them tongue each other.

My dick was harder than It had ever been before and I was in desperate need of release. But first I needed to even the score. Tamara's dress was basically bunched up around her waist no longer covering anything, so I pulled it down leaving her naked like Gina.

This caught Mitch's attention and he stopped licking his wife. She in turn broke their kiss. I couldn't take any more and began to remove my clothes with every intention of fucking my wife right there in front of our friends. I was way past any thoughts of the supposed contest which led us to this point. But that's when Gina spoke up.

"I think we need to return the favor to these guys, don't you?, she asked my wife. 

It was right at that point when I pulled my pants and boxer briefs down in one motion. My dick was pulsating and my swollen head was smeared with pre cum. The reality of two naked women in front of me definitely outweighed the fact that I was now rock hard next to another guy.

Gina sat up and began unbuckling Mitch's belt and pants as he had risen to his feet in front of her. Tamara promptly sat up and began to lick me, triggering a long satisfying sigh from me. She took me into her mouth nearly causing my knees to buckle. I knew I wouldn't be able to keep standing for long.

Mitch was quickly out of his clothes and Gina began to suck him as well. This was so surreal and I couldn't help but watch them despite how wonderful my wife's mouth felt. As I watched her lick and suck her husband, I wanted Gina even more. She released his cock from her mouth and held it as she looked directly at me, again toting that devilish smile.

That's when it happened....

She turned to my wife and said, "I'll let you try mine if I can try yours!"

Once again I couldn't believe my ears, but this time I knew she wasn't joking.

My wife let my cock slip from her mouth, letting it throb in front of her face. The room was still. She looked at Gina, who stared back almost defiantly. The night up to this point had brought out a side of Gina that at least Tamara and I had never seen. My wife was always the aggressive, flirtatious one, but now Gina had stepped up to the plate was basically challenging her. 

I could see Tamara processing all this in her mind and suddenly she reached over and took Mitch's cock out of Gina's had and began stroking it as she basically climbed over Gina to get into position. Once properly in front of him, she took him in her mouth.

I stood in shock as my wife began sucking on another cock in front on me. Before any pang of jealousy I was quickly reminded of the other end of the bargain as Gina appeared smiling in front of me.

"You did...." I started to say as she stood up and kissed me. I didn't care where her mouth had just been...I just wanted it on me, all over me. Our hunger for each other couldn't be denied. She turned me around and pushed me down on the couch. She dropped to her knees and immediately began licking the length of my erect shaft. Then she slowly inserted it, inch by inch into her mouth while she intently looked into my eyes. No one had ever deep throated me like that before. After taking me all in, she released about half my thick shaft and began stroking me as she continued to suck me. It felt amazing and I instantly knew that Gina would have no problem bringing me to climax.

Just as Gina was getting into a rhythm and I could feel that familiar tingling in my balls, we were reminded of our spouses next to us. Amazingly, I had been so intent on watching Gina's mastery of my cock that I shut out the fact that my wife was doing the same to Mitch.

We were brought out of our trance by Mitch's announcement that he was cumming.... we both looked over to see Tamara's response.

She didn't miss a beat, and kept her lips clenched around his cock as he unloaded in her mouth. She sucked and stroked him, trying to milk every last drop until Mitch literally crumbled onto the couch next to her. 

I could see the satisfied smile on her face and quickly turned back to Gina who was still stroking me. I knew I was close to cumming, but it was too late for that now. She needed a new victory.... I immediately pulled her up on top of me. She quickly caught on and straddled my lap as I aimed my energized cock toward her opening. I rubbed my head against her slickness and eased into her tight pussy. She sat down completely taking me in, unleashing a rash of emotions between us.

I knew that wasn't part of the plan, but I threw caution to the wind. Years of flirting and innuendo coming to a head as I gripped her ass and began pumping into her with all I had.

"YESSSS" she hissed as she leaned into kissing my ear. "Fuck me Vic", she whispered to me, igniting even more urgency in my thrusts. Her cocksucking had me on the verge of cumming before and the hot, tight grip of her pussy wasn't going to let me off the hook. She ground herself on me, riding me to perfection. I felt her tense up and I took over, pushing up harder into her. As I felt her pussy grip me, I exploded up inside of her...

To be continued....