 Introduction: This interlude was written after Chapter 7, so even though it takes place between Chapters 2 & 3, there're characters and motives that are introduced elsewhere in the "main line" of the story... I just didn't want folks to think that the main characters sat around bored for 3 months between Chapters!

*****

Chapter 2.1: Girls, Girls, Girls...

(2 weeks after Chapter 2)

Angela Converse sat on her queen-size bed with a serious pout on her pretty lips. She had just heard her stepfather on the phone with her mother and the general gist of the conversation was that Deanna would be gone for quite a while longer than planned.

Given her successful and salacious seduction of her stepfather, that should have been a thing that filled her little heart with joy... but she could hear in the way Paul was talking to her mother that something grave and serious had happened back in Southern California, and no one was telling her what went on.

She tried every one of her tricks, even using their new status as lovers as a threat, but Paul wouldn't budge - he insisted he didn't have many details and the whole story would have to come from her mother and that was final.

Angela's phone buzzed at that moment and the picture of her beautiful girlfriend Cordelia flashed on the screen. "Hey puta, how're you?"

"Callate, gringa traviesa!", Cordelia laughed back. "I'm bored, let's do something."

"What did you have in mind? I'm broke right now and Paul's all kinds of upset about some stuff and I don't want to bug him for gas money.", Angela replied.

"I dunno, let's just bum around your place and watch some movies or something... it's always so big and empty over here. My moms and step-sister are at their jobs.

Angela smiled at the "my moms" line. Cordelia lived with her mother, Carmen, and Carmen's beautiful black wife, Carla, who had a daughter 6 years older than them named Jade.

"OK, baby. I'll pop some popcorn while you're on your way over. Maybe we can even get Paul to watch... he's been pretty mopey ever since he talked to my mom. Something big has happened, but they won't tell me what. I hope they're not getting divorced!"

The thought of not having Paul around anymore actually filled Angela with a dull ache... but then she remembered she was 18 years old. If Paul left, she could pack right up and go with him wherever he went and her mother, whom she mostly despised, could be all alone the way she should be.

"Noooo...", Cordelia moaned, as she too had been decadently intimate with Mr. Converse. "Don't even joke about that, baby... your stepdad is so cool. He can't EVER leave!"

"Fuck it, if it happens, we'll just go with him. You think he'd say no?", Angela laughed.

"Of course not! We might kill him, but what a way to go, eh?", Cordelia shot back. "I'll see you in a little bit, love."

Angela skipped downstairs, wearing only a skimpy tank top and loose cotton shorts, to the Converse's spacious living room with the attached kitchen. As was usual for a Saturday afternoon Paul was leaned forward in his big brown recliner, intently watching college football on the 50" TV.

"C'mon Longhorns!!", Paul bellowed agonizingly as his favorite team gave up another touchdown. It's a rough time to be a Longhorns fan. Angela put two bags of microwave popcorn in to nuke, and ran over to her stepfather while she waited for them to pop.

"Hi Daddy!", she squealed as she threw herself into his lap. "Would you like to stop being all grumpy about these guys and watch a movie with Cordelia and I?"

Paul grumbled and tried to make some excuses, but Angela expertly ground her soft, round tush down into her step-father's lap and she could feel his thick cock starting to rise under her teasing twisting. "C'mon Daddy... it'll be fun! You remember fun, right? You've been a grumpy lumpy all day.", Angela said with an exaggerated pout.

Finally, unable to combat both her innocent cuteness AND her far less innocent gyrations, Paul agreed.

"Yippee!" Angela yelled. "Now, what are we going to watch?"

"None of that girlie shit.", Paul immediately muttered. "If I see Ryan Gosling or Josh Hartnett or any of those, I'm turning the football back on."

"Daddy! Oooooh, fine. What should we watch then?" Angela began clicking through the folders of movies on the Converse's home entertainment computer.

"What's in this one, Daddy? It's password protected..."

"Let me see.", Paul slid over to look at the folder name, "Oh, that's a folder of old B-movies from cable, like HBO and Cinemax, back in the 90's. They used to show these movies that were like softcore porn, but they had something that resembled a plot. Lots of pretty, mostly brainless girls and hunky guys that had the acting ability of a stick of wood. Every now and then there was a pretty decent one, though."

Paul entered the password as Angela got up to pour the popcorn into a big bowl. "Here's one that was pretty good, 'Forbidden Games'. This private investigator, who has some sort of psychic power in his touch, is hired to find out what happened to an old dead guy by his allegedly grieving young widow. Lots of sex and plot twists later it's a decent, if somewhat garish, movie."

"Sure, why not?", Angela said as she gathered napkins and a bottle of Diet Mountain Dew to drink. Just then, the door bell rang and Angela looked helplessly at her stepfather as her hands were full.

"Get settled, sweetie. I'll go get the little buzzsaw...", Paul laughed, rising from his chair.

Paul opened the door and was immediately taken aback as always by just how small and utterly gorgeous Angela's little friend, Cordelia, really was. As was typical for her she had on only a tiny tube top, it's elastic taut and seeming to cry for release stretched over her 34C chest and a pair of similarly skin tight capris.

"Papi!!", Cordelia cried and flung herself into Paul's arms. "Que tal?"

"Bien, mi amorcita.", Paul replied as he lowered his lips to hers.

"Papiiii...", Cordelia purred as she melted into his embrace.

"OK, you two," Angela called from the living room, "get over here!"

Cordelia untangled herself from Paul and then shot down the foyer hallway and into Angela's arms. The mismatched pair wound themselves together in an embrace that had none of the grace and yet all of the passion that was just shown at the doorway.

Paul smiled to himself, wondering how he had got to be so lucky. The mental image of his wife flashed briefly through his mind, and he remembered, for the briefest moment, there was going to be a problem with all this and how to keep it from ruining them all, but that thought quickly fled, knowing that was something weeks or months down the road, and the buffet in front of him was far too delicious to be thinking of another meal.

The girls were engaged in a deep sensual kiss, knowing they had no reason to hide their actions in front of Paul any longer. As their actions began to reach a fever pitch, Paul casually scooted past them and sat back in his chair, "So, are we going to watch the movie or are we doing... something else?", he asked with an amused smirk.

The girls broke from their embrace and laughed. "Let's watch the movie... for now.", Angela replied. "If it's the kind of movie you say it is, I'm sure 'something else' will come up." Both girls looked suggestively at Paul at that, as they curled up together on the big couch in the living room.

As the movie played, and the scenes got steamier and the plot thickened, the girls on the couch spent less time crunching popcorn and more time casually roaming their bodies with their hands. Paul too was forced to adjust a time or two as the action ramped up on the screen.

Soon, the action on the screen paled next to the action on the couch. Angela's top had disappeared and her silky breasts were free to be teased with tongue and finger. Cordelia's mouth closed about one stiffening nipple and she sucked hard. Angela threw her head back and hissed her pleasure, arching her back and shoving the morsel farther into her girlfriend's mouth. Cordelia's tiny hand slid down her lover's taut belly and into the waistband of her shorts.

Paul watched as his stepdaughter's eyes got momentarily wide, then rolled back in her skull as Cordelia's expert little brown fingers found Angela's pink pearl and rubbed it to engorgement. Cordelia's hand slid even lower, sliding two fingers into her lover and curling them in and out in a slow, deliberate pace.

Angela shuddered to a quick first orgasm. As she recovered, she pushed Cordelia to the sofa and hooker her thumbs in the sultry little Latina's pants. She quickly pulled them off as Cordelia pushed the clinging tube top down off her breasts to her midriff. Angela immediately dove between those cinnamon thighs and buried her face in Cordelia's pussy, barely covered by the tiniest of thong panties.

Angela munched on the satin-clad morsel in front of her as Cordelia teased and pulled on her nipples with one hand and twisted her fingers in Angela's hair, holding her to her crotch with the other. Unable to resist any longer, Angie slide the panties to one side and buried her tongue into the wet, aching hole in front of her. Her nose rubbed Cordelia's clit over and over as she lapped up and down her lover's dripping slit.

Cordelia moaned and writhed as Angela's expert tongue touched her everywhere she wanted to be touched. Angela slid a hand underneath her minuscule lover and, covering a finger with the silky liquid flowing from her pussy, teased Cordelia's tiny brown asshole open. Cordelia gasped and growled as she felt her back door being opened.

Cordelia looked over to the recliner where Paul sat, watching entranced as he softly stroked his cock through his long basketball shorts. She locked eyes with him and with the hand teasing her own nipples, she crooked one tiny finger at him to beckon him over.

Paul stood up and made his way over to the couch where his stepdaughter and her lover were entwined. Cordelia scooted backwards, dragging Angela with her, until she was propped up far enough on the arm of the couch to reach what she wanted. Paul slid his shorts off, revealing his hard, thick 7 1/2 inches already at attention.

Cordelia's tiny mouth encircled the head of his cock and immediately started to lick and suck at the sensitive flesh beneath the crown. Her hand released Angela's head and met the other at the base of Paul's shaft. Sliding up and down the throbbing length, Cordelia tried with all her might to coax out that salty, thick morsel she was craving.

As the pressure on her head was released and the moans of her lover had been replaced with sucking and slurping, Angela looked up to see what was going on. As she saw her stepfather's cock disappearing again and again between her lover's lips, Angela slid off her shorts and slithered up Cordelia's body, pressing them together tightly.

Cordelia let go of Paul's shaft and wrapped her arms around Angela holding her tightly to her. Their legs entwined and the girls began to grind their pussies together. Paul pulled his cock from between Cordelia's lips and pushed it to his stepdaughter. Angela quickly added her spit to her lover's and slid her mouth as far as she could up and down her Daddy's turgid length.

Paul felt that familiar tingle in the base of his shaft, his balls tightening with tension as they prepared to release their prize. He grunted his eminent situation and the girls quickly moved around him to the large living room rug, on their knees with their faces raised. Paul turned to them and stroked his cock the last few strokes it needed and shot blast after thick, creamy blast across their faces and chests.

Despite the release, Paul was amazed to see his cock was still standing firm and ready. Cordelia immediately lay down on her back, opening her legs wide. "Mmmm... papi, you still want more? Put that fat cock inside my tiny pussy. I want to feel you inside me."

Angela slid over so she was kneeling over Cordelia's face and took hold of her ankles, holding her lover open for her Daddy. Paul sank to his knees and pushed the fat, swollen, sensitive head of his cock into Cordelia's sopping wet hole. Inch after inch of his hard member slid into the tiny Latina beneath him as she moaned and bucked to take more of it in even quicker.

Paul and Angela shared a sticky, cum-coated kiss as he began to thrust into the hungry teen beneath them both. Angela came to another shuddering orgasm as Cordelia hungrily attacked her pussy with her tongue, coupled with the hot breaths and buzzing moans she let loose as Paul ravaged her with his cock. Cordelia's pussy clamped and spasmed over and over again as Paul went at her... his cock becoming a blur of sexual energy. As he had no fear of another release so soon, he knew he could go all out with abandon.

Finally, unable to contain her lusty need any longer, Angela growled her frustration and moved off Cordelia's mouth pushed her Daddy backwards, out of Cordelia and onto his back. She immediately climbed onto his slick, sticky pole and ground all the way down to its base. Both father and daughter let out a moan of complete and utter satisfaction as they felt their bodies fuse together as deeply as possible.

Cordelia came shakily to her feet behind them and wrapped her arms around Angela's torso, pulling and pinching her nipples, as she had when this all started, as Angela began to slowly, deeply, grind her pussy up and down on her Daddy's thick cock. Paul grabbed Angela's hips and held her strongly to him, raising his hips off the rug to meet her grinding motions.

Once again overcome by the utter depravity and unbridled lust and passion in all they were doing, Paul lost himself in the act, thrusting upward harder and harder. He could dimly hear the cries of absolute sexual fulfillment taking place above him, but their meaning was lost on his senses. After an all too brief few minutes of this, almost without warning, his senses snapped back to laser clarity as another thundering orgasm pulsed and shot from his cock, plastering the inside of his beautiful stepdaughter's pussy with his hot cum.

Angela rolled off of her father as he collapsed back fully prone to the floor, completely spent. Cordelia moved between her lover's legs and softly, sensually licked and sucked up the sticky, delicious leftovers in and around Angela's swollen, battered pussy.

After a moment to catch his breath, Paul raised himself up to one elbow to watch the 'post-game show' beside him. He came to his feet and wordlessly moved to the master bedroom. When he came back after a minute or so, the girls were simply laying together on the living room rug, softly touching one another. Effortlessly, Paul knelt and lifted his stepdaughter in his arms, softly saying to Cordelia, "I'll be right back, amorcita."

The pillows on the king-size bed had been rearranged to allow three people to lay comfortably in it. He lay Angela on her mother's side of the bed she shared with Paul and tenderly kissed her lips. As he returned to the living room, he scooped up the tiny, passionate Cordelia, who immediately pushed her lips to his. Smiling at the amazing recovery speed of the young fireball, he carried her to the bed as well, laying her in his usual spot.

Paul climbed into the bed from the foot and moved up to lay between them. Each of his young, incredible lovers scooted closer, resting a head on each side of his broad chest. They softly kissed one another over his breastbone, and then each tenderly kissed him. The lovers drifted off to a wonderfully content midsummer nap.