 There is no group sex in this chapter, but the story overall does, so I'm keeping it in the Group Sex category.

--------------------

Traci and Devon were a happy couple with an active and energetic sex life. Early on, they decided that the best way to maintain their healthy relationship was through open communication and total honesty, especially when it pertained to their sexual desires, fantasies, past experiences and current activities. It had started out casually, but over time it became a regular part of their sex life, adding a nuance that enhanced their relationship, that they refer to as "The Conversation."

In a recent conversation, they had discussed Traci's prior experiences with a two-girl / one-guy threesome. Since then, Devon had been thinking about it a lot. It had ended badly, resulting in the breakup of Traci's relationship at the time. But, something about it sparked an idea in Devon's head, and he wanted to investigate it more.

As they settled into bed one evening, Devon pulled his fiance' into his arms and kissed her softly. He was wearing a pair of black and red, flaming sleeping pants and a black tank top. Traci was wearing a pink lace teddy and nothing else. "So, I was wondering about something," he began tentatively.

Traci snuggled in closely, putting her head on Devon's shoulder. "What's that?" she asked as she twirled the hair around his belly button with her fingertip.

"Well," he said, slightly distracted by her teasing finger, "you know how you told me about how you and your friend Kim had a threesome with your boyfriend, Tony?"

"Yesss," she purred seductively, "I remember. What about it?" Her hand slid down the front of his pants to rub his semi-hard penis through the cotton fabric.

Devon drew a deep breath and raised his hips. "Uh," he said, "heh heh. Uh, I forget." He untied his sleeping pants, so Traci had easier access to what was inside. "Oh, yeah, I remember. So, you seemed pretty into Kim, the way you described it. Have you ever had sex with a girl, you know, more than what you did with Kim that time?"

Traci spread the pants open, reached inside and began tugging on Devon's growing cock. She stroked it slowly from the base all the way to the tip, then rubbed her thumb back and forth across his soft glans.

"Yeah, a few times, she confessed. "You ever play with a guy?"

"Uh, hell no," he declared. "Of course, not."

"Oh, ok," she said as she kissed her way down his torso. "That's too bad. That would be hot to hear about."

"No way, Traci, I'm only into girls," he stated flatly. "So how many times did you play with a girl?"

She licked his navel, pushing her tongue into it as she jacked his now rock-hard dick. "Well, I had a lesbian for a roommate my freshman year in college. She was cute and persistent."

"Seriously?" Devon asked, sounding intrigued. "She seduced you?'

"She wanted to, yeah," Traci explained, grinning up at Devon as she rolled on top of him and rubbed his cock against her lace-covered titties. "But, it wasn't that hard."

Devon groaned. "What do you mean?"

Traci giggled, "I mean she didn't need to seduce me. I wanted her."

"You wanted her? Had you done things other than with Kim up to then?"

"No, just that one time fingering Kim, but I admit I was very curious, so when I met Debbie, my roommate, I got even more interested in trying things out. I figured since Debbie was a lesbian, she'd be a good person to experiment with."

"So, one night after I'd been out drinking with some friends, I came home to the dorm room and found Debbie laying on her bed naked, legs spread rubbing a boob with one hand and her pussy with the other."

"She panicked and tried to cover up, but I told her not to stop. She was surprised, but rolled back and continued, letting me watch. I walked over and sat next to her on the bed. She was so wet and had three fingers sliding in and out of her pussy. She had a pretty one, with inner lips like a butterfly. Her clit was much bigger than mine. I could see it poking out of the folds like the tip of my pinkie finger. "

Traci pulled her tits out of her teddy and rubbed Debon's cock between them using his precum as lubrication, smearing it in her cleavage. She squeezed her tits together against his shaft and moved her chest up and down. Devon watched her, moaning softly.

"I was unbelievably horny watching her play with herself. I'd never seen anything as sexy. I knew what I wanted to do. Do you know what it was?" Trace asked Devon as she slowly ground her boobs on his cock.

"No, what?" he asked, breathing hard.

"I wanted to lick her clit," she said then pulled back enough to lick the head of Devon's boner. She swirled her tongue around it slowly, then flicked her tongue against the very tip, right as his urethra, rapidly, sending a vibration into his body.

"Oh, fuck," Devon groaned. "Did you?"

"Well, I leaned over and started flicking my tongue on her clit just like I did your dick. She grabbed my head and shoved her pussy up against me. I'd never done anything like it before, but I knew what I liked. So, I just tried to do that. I sucked on her clit and beat my tongue on it. I put my fingers inside her, fucking her slowly. It only took about ten seconds, and she came, hard all over my face. I'd heard about squirting, but this was the first time I'd ever seen it happen. Well, felt it happen, I guess is a better way to put it."

Deven sat up suddenly, pushing Traci back. "Oh, stop baby," he blurted out, "You're going to make me cum. I don't want to cum yet."

Traci grinned as she pulled her teddy off. "Why not? We're in no hurry."

"I want to eat your pussy," he said, pushing Traci on her back, then kissing his way down her neck to her tits.

"Oh?" she asked, moaning softly, "you mean the way Debbie did?"

"Yeah, tell me how she did it, while I eat you," he said as he licked lower, letting his tongue drag down her smooth lower abdomen.

Traci arched her back and smiled. "You are such a naughty boy," she said, moaning. "That's why I love you."

"So, after she came on my face, she attacked me, ripping my clothes off and pushing me on my back. She kissed me, hard, pushing her tongue in my mouth. I'd never kissed a girl, and it was hot. She was fingering me, two fingers pushing in slowly at first."

Devon kissed her around her mound, then slid two fingers in the slit between her labia, feeling her slick moisture coating his fingers. He slid them into her, pushing them in deeply.

"Oh, yeah, baby," Traci moaned, "just like that. Then she started licking on the outside of my pussy, along the sides, up and down with the flat of her tongue."

Devon placed his tongue flat against the side of her pussy, on the puffy smooth outer labia. "Here?" he asked.

"Yeah, right there, now drag your tongue up slowly like a cat, then lift up and go back down and do it, oh shit, yeah like that," Traci purred as Devon did what she said. He worked his fingers in and out steadily.

"Uhh, then she spread my pussy open," she paused waiting for Devon to do it, which he did. "And she wiggled my clit side to side with her finger, ungh, yeah. Then she licked it hard and fast."

Devon did as she explained and when his tongue hit her clit, she cried out and grabbed his head in her hands. "Oh fuck, Devon, like my clit baby."

"I'm Debbie," Devon said looking up at his future wife.

"What?" Traci asked, sounding surprised.

"Call me Debbie," Devon said as he started licking her clit again, rapidly beating it up and down.

"Oh fuck!," Traci cried out and bucked her hips, "Oh, God, Debbie! Eat me, Debbie!"

Devon pushed his fingers in as deeply as he could and wiggled them against her g-spot. His tongue lapped at her clit firmly, making it snap.

"Oh damn!" Traci cried, "she made me cum so hard."

Devon continued giving her pleasure, working hard and focusing on her feelings. Traci bucked her hips wildly, grunting and groaning. She came, crying out and shaking violently. Devon did his best to hold on tightly, continuing to work her pussy as she almost threw him off. 

"Oh fuck, I need something Debbie didn't have, baby," Traci said as she pulled on Devon's shoulders, "I need your cock! Come here and fuck me."

Devon grinned and moved up, kissing Traci as she spread her legs around his hips. His cock slipped in her wetness then easily penetrated her. He thrust in deeply. Traci gasped and dug her heels into his ass. "Oh, fuck yes! That's what I need! Fuck me!"

Devon raised up into a kneeling position and raised Traci's legs up, pushing his hands on the back of her knees. He drove his hips forward, slamming his cock into her, feeling her cervix bumping on the head of his cock. He pumped as fast as he could, rapidly popping his dick into her pussy. Traci was panting rapidly, with little whimpers escaping her lips with each slap of the cock inside her.

"Do it!" she shouted, "Fuck me!"

Devon pushed her knees higher, causing her ass to curl up off the bed, his knees moving under her butt. HIs cock hammered powerfully inside her, like a machine. He growled and started cumming inside her, shooting his sperm over and over into her. Traci felt his cock start to spasm inside her, and she couldn't hold back. Her orgasm burst forth from her with a long, constant squeal.

Devon released her legs and collapsed on top of Traci, kissing her passionately. She rolled him over onto his back and climbed on top of him, his cock still inside her and still leaking cum. Traci ground her hips rapidly, fucking his dick hard before he lost his erection. She shuddered and threw her head back, cumming again, her juices flowing out and around Devon's balls.

"Your dick is the best I've ever had, baby," she said breathlessly. Devon pulled her down and kissed her lovingly.

"And your pussy is the best I've ever had," he replied.

Traci laid down next to Devon as they caught their breath, kissing him periodically. "It was fun, and Debbie and I played several times, but I'm no lesbian. I can't live without cock."

"But, do you miss it?" Devon asked, stroking Traci's face lovingly.

"What eating pussy?" she asked, giggling.

"Well, yeah," he said nodding, "or sex with a girl, in general, I mean."

"Sometimes," she said, "I have to admit, it is fun and very different. I could never have a relationship with or be in love with another woman. But, damn, the sex is good."

"Would you ever want to bring a girl home to play with?" Devon asked. "I'd be ok with that. I mean, if you miss it and all."

Traci raised her head and stared at Devon. "I told you, there's no way I'm doing a threesome. I'd never handle some other girl touching you, and I'll kill you if you ever fucked some other slut."

"Yeah, I know," he said softly, reassuring her, "what if I only watched?"

Traci hesitated, looking at him carefully, then smiled. "You are a naughty boy. Could you handle that? Only getting to watch and not getting to play?"

Devon shrugged, "I could play with you, right?" 

"Hmmm," she said, "I don't know. That might be difficult to keep under control. It would be better, and she and I just played, and you watched. I might have to tie you to a chair."

Devon laughed, "We could do that. So, if that was the rule, I couldn't touch either of you, would you want to bring a girl home now and then?"

"Now and then?" she asked, giggling. "When did it get to be now and then, I never agreed even to do it once."

"Well, I figure if you were to do it once, you would want to do it again.

Traci kissed Devon's nose. "You think so?"

"Yeah, I think so," he said, kissing her softly.

"You're a brilliant man," she said, "I may keep you. If only you were better in bed."

"Hey!" Devon snapped playfully, "you just said I'm the best cock you've ever fucked."

"Cock yeah, but Debbie was way better at eating pussy," she said giggling.

"Then maybe you should invite her over to eat sometime," he said laughing at his choice of words.

"She does live in town," Traci admitted. "We've kept in touch. I've had lunch with her a few times."

"Wait, lunch or 'lunch,'" Devon asked, giving Traci a naughty look.

"We haven't done anything since you and I have been dating," she told Devon, reassuring him. "I don't cheat, even with girls."

"So, you want to introduce us?" he asked, kissing her again.

"I have to introduce you, anyway," she said, returning the kiss, "She is going to be my maid of honor. But, I'll see if she wants to come over this weekend, to eat."

"Sweet," Devon said, "Maybe she can teach me to do it better."

Traci raised her eyebrows. "We can only hope," she said teasing Devon.