 Chapter 3: Blake and Clive / Claire's First Threesome 

Clive lay spooned behind me on the twin bed as his engorged cock continued to pulse hot, sticky cum deep within my tight hole. Concurrently, Blake held my stunned gaze while he fiercely worked his own member under his sheets, only a few feet away from his unsuspecting brother. Clive thrusted his thick cock deeper inside my drenched pussy and kept his engorged manhood firmly in place. I let out an audible sigh; I hadn't realized that I had been holding my breath since witnessing Blake touch his finger to his lips, gesturing me to keep the secret of his voyeurism. My heart quickened with the sudden arousal of a result of Blake catching me in the act, but I still couldn't easily come to terms with the reality that Blake had watched me enjoy cumming all over Clive's enormous cock. More surreal was the realization that instead of being angry at me for fucking his brother, Blake was undoubtedly aroused. I knew he wanted me to continue fucking Clive or he would have interrupted by now; he wouldn't be instead, getting off on watching us fuck. His cock leaked while hitting the top of the thin sheets and I noticed the precious pre cum beginning to seep through the taught fabric. Blake continued to massage his ever growing cock while his eyes remained locked on my own, his gaze unyielding to my astonishment. He smiled at me and I couldn't resist smiling back, knowing the familiar look of unstoppable lust in beaming in his eyes. 

I closed my eyes and focused my attention back to the feeling of Clive's hard cock planted deep inside my cunt. His muscled body was tightly curled against my back while his hands tenderly grazed my full breasts. While lying still behind me, he lifted his top leg and brought it slowly up and over my hips, clasping down and pressing both of my legs firmly together. I couldn't believe it, but trapped within the tight swollen walls of my pussy his bulging 9 inch cock felt twice as big as he had moments before. 

"Ohhh...mmmm, fuck," I whimpered suddenly from the unexpected presence of his extra large cock. 

To reward my moan of approval, Clive squeezed one of my tits hard in his hand for a few moments before pausing to savagely pinch one of my nipples. The tender nub quickly engorged under his impatient finger tips as his thumb, forefinger and middle finger artfully danced together. After a few moments, he released my swollen nipple from his grip and traced delicate circles around its stiff raw center. In response, my nipple grew harder and more erect between his fingers, begging him for further attention. He lightly brushed my stiff peaks with his finger tips and my body jolted with a wave of pleasure, causing chills to run down my naked body. When he withdrew his hand and fingers completely from my breast, I sighed in disappointment, but my smile swiftly returned as I felt his fingers begin to massage my other tit's neglected flesh. 

I opened my eyes to once again glance at my boyfriend, Blake, watching us eagerly from the next bed. He had briefly stopped playing with his now massive dick to silently free himself from the constrictive white sheets atop his lap. After he withdrew himself from the sheets, I glimpsed in awe at his throbbing cock, rising impressively from where he had pulled it out of his boxers. I stared Blake's thick veins pulse through his dick and I wanted so badly to feel the length of his cock fill my hand while I squeezed his thick shaft. I watched a dribble of pre cum freely dripped down his bulging manhood and I bit my lip while I fantasized about lapping up the delicious salty-sweet fluid. Our eyes met across the room as I glanced back at his handsome face, and I knew he had become aware how badly I wanted his cock. My cheeks blushed from the embarrassment of being caught, and I felt dirty for noticeably drooling over his big dick while having another cock currently buried within my snatch. To my amazement, I was enjoying him watch me fuck another man, and I realized I was getting more turned on as the consequence. As I squirmed in Clive's strong embrace, Blake's eyes drifted down to my heaving tits; he grinned in satisfaction as he observed how large and swollen my nipples were from Clive's dutiful fingers. 

Clive's persistent pinching caused my nipples a slight pain that morphed into immense pleasure. Every subtle touch seemed heightened as I knew Blake was following Clive's soft caress of my skin, whilst Clive remained unaware of his brother's watchful stare. Waves of electricity started to flow throughout my body with each touch; an electric current ran from my nipples down my clit. Eruptions of immense pleasure begin to explode from my fingers to my toes, suddenly clenching all of my muscles at once. My pussy gripped Clive's deep cock even tighter as I threw my head back in the ecstasy of such overwhelming build up of pleasure. My pussy squeezed the head of his thick cock harder than I had ever felt possible. Clive pressed his palms over my large tits in an attempt to hold onto my quivering body. 

"Fuck, Claire. Are you cumming again? Uhhhh, Damn girl, I love fucking your tight, little pussy," Clive groaned as he attempted to pull his cock in and out of my tight snatch, but only managed to move mere inches. "Baby, your cunt is squeezing my dick so fucking hard, mmmm."

"Oh my god, mmmmm, oh fuck!" I screamed back as a burst of my hot cum squirted from between my thighs, soaking Clive's cock with my sweet pussy juices.

"Mmmm, yeah, that's right baby, fucking cream my dick," Clive replied back as he continued to attempt to move his cock within my gushing pussy.

"Ohhh, mmmm" I moaned more quietly as my body continued to tremble in pleasure.

After a few moments, I opened my eyes; Blake was sitting on the edge of his bed, stroking the head of his cock. Instantly, he stood up and walked closer towards my head, which hanging slightly over the edge of the bed. He slowly came closer until the head of his cock pressed lightly against my full lips. I wondered how it could it be possible that Clive hadn't noticed that Blake was awake yet. When looked up at Blake's face in trepidation, he tenderly stroked my hair and he smiled back down at me, urging me to suck him off. I turned my eyes back to his large cock, throbbing temptingly in front of my wet mouth. I tentatively stuck out my tongue and sensually licked the deep groove that contained the salty-sweet prize of his pre cum. I moaned with satisfaction as I remembered the familiar taste of his cock's delicious, clear liquid. My tongue fervently circled the thick edge of the throbbing bulge of his head, hungry to taste more of him. 

I became suddenly aware of the incredible new sensation of giving Blake head, while simultaneously Clive's cock remained deep within my clenched pussy. To my surprise, I loved the feeling of two cocks inside me at once. I squirmed with excitement as my hips shifted and bucked uncontrollably; my mind going insane from feeling my sensitive clit rubbing between my slippery pussy lips as I moved my thighs. I extended one of my hands in front of me and delicately cupped Blake's balls. I felt him flinch in my hands, but he relaxed as I massaged his balls while I tenderly kissed under the thick head of his cock. My tongue explored and caressed every inch under his delicious dick more thoroughly than I had ever before, taking my time to stimulate every inch of his hard shaft. Blake's grip on my hair increased and his fingers tightened the hair he held against my scalp. I teased my lips against his cock hole, slightly inserting my tongue into the small crater in a futile effort, attempting to willfully gather more pre cum. I lapped the head of his cock with my tongue, moaning with pleasure at the sensation of licking his dick like an ice cream cone. Without caution, I plunged my entire hot mouth over the swollen head of his cock. 

"Mmmm, goddamit, Claire," Blake attempted to quietly groan as his fingers dug into my scalp.

Clive's rhythmic thrusting paused for a moment, and I swiftly remembered he wasn't aware Blake was currently shoving his cock in my mouth. I couldn't help but moan as Blake's large cock shifted and throbbed against my tongue. Clive lifted his head up from behind my back and glanced over my shoulder. I studied his reaction as he started at Blake for a few moments, and then marveled when he continued his rhythmic grinding. 

"Oh, I see how you like it, Claire," Clive whispered behind my back. "One cock's at a time isn't enough for you, naughty slut." He pulled his deep cock out of my constricting pussy in one swift motion before he slammed his fat dick back into my sopping hole. 

"Mmmmgghhh," I moaned, half gagging, with my mouth full of cock. I couldn't help but love it all. 

"Obviously since we're both aware of each other's blatant lust for Claire," Blake broke the silence, "I thought perhaps it could be more fun if we stop ignoring each other... and instead shared her," he announced while he continually thrusted his luscious member in and out of my warm mouth. 

Before now, I had never had sex with two men at the same time, but I had to admit had always been a fantasy of mine. And currently, although I couldn't much remember how I had even gotten to this moment, there were two men who would cooperate to bring me pleasure and to satisfy their lust with my body; the potential sexual pleasures seemed endless. The thought of two cocks vying for my attention and competing for their turn at my holes turned me on more than I had originally thought possible. I felt so naughty thinking of being the fuck toy that was the source of sibling rivalry, causing them to potentially fight over my body. I couldn't believe how lucky I was that the Corningwood brothers were going to be my first threesome. I hadn't met Clive before today, Blake's younger brother, but I was very attracted to him; his large build, strong arms and young face. Not to mention his enormous 9 inch cock that felt so fucking amazing as he stretched the walls of my little pussy. And Blake was my college boyfriend, with icy blue eyes and his own impressively large 7 inch dick. And although he had awoken to me fucking around on him with his brother, he wasn't mad, he instead wanted to join us. How could I object to both of their desires to pleasure me? 

"I have a feeling Claire won't object," Clive replied. 

My eyes widened in surprise. How did he know I wouldn't object? How could he be so sure that's what I was thinking? It had to be coincidence that he chose to say the exact word I had been thinking to myself only moments before -object. Simultaneously, both brothers withdrew their dicks from my body, as if their movements had been coordinated. 

"What did you have in mind, bro?" Clive continued to ask in a light chuckle. 

Blake smiled as he quipped at his brother's remark, "looks like the idea of both of our cocks fucking her is drenching her cute, little cunt." Both brothers looked down at me, and I felt them watch my flowing pussy juices trickle down my thighs and drip onto the bed. I watched as Blake moved to perch himself at the foot of the bed. He eyed my naked body while he devilishly began to stroke his moist cock with his hand; his shaft was still soaked from tip to base with the copious amounts of spit deposited from my drooling mouth.

Clive sat up and kneeled on the bed behind me. He effortlessly pulled my body sideways to position me kneeling upright, almost sitting on top of his lap. I felt his hard dick tease the entrance of my pussy as he moved us into the center of the twin bed to face Blake. He lifted my thighs and ass over his throbbing cock as he began grazing my aching pussy lips against his engorged cock head. My fingers floated up to my breasts and tickled the tender skin around my nipples. I stared down at my hands deftly juggling my huge tits, and sighed in satisfaction; I took pleasure in the fact that my tits were naturally huge, but yet somehow firm and perky. As I continued to massage my large globes between my fingers, I felt Clive's cock penetrate the opening of my moist lips with just his bulbous tip. I shuddered as a wave an unexpected pleasure uncontrollably bucked my hips, as my body pleaded Clive to allow my pussy to swallow his shaft. He rubbed the entrance of my pussy, lubricating his cock in my copious juices. 

"Mmmmm, ohhh!" I moaned loudly as Clive pressed his cock firmly against my swollen pussy lips and forcefully thrusted his hot dick inside my cunt. He had easy access from this angle, with me sitting on top his dick; he slipped in and out of my pussy deeper than he had been able to achieve with our first fuck. My pussy gushed with his thrusts -he held my waist and hips, pressing me into him as he thrusted his cock deeper and deeper, each time urging his cock further into my sopping cunt. Our breaths grew faster and more desperate as he began to pump his dick faster and faster as Blake watched. My pussy squeezed Clive's cock as waves of pleasure began to tense all of the muscles in my body.

"Oh, shit!" I managed to gasp, as I squeezed my bouncing tits in my hands. "Mmmm, ohhh, Clive, please!" I begged him, "I'm so close; please, make me cum!" 

"Mmmm, you feel so fucking good on my dick, Claire," Clive grunted, "And, ohhhh, fuck, believe me I want to...," he moaned between breaths as he continued to rhythmically thrust his cock, "but, I can't have you cum so easily this time."

I moaned in dissatisfaction as Clive quickly pulled his thick cock out of my pussy and gently pushed me forward on the bed. I stretched out my hands, arching my back to support my large breasts while kneeling on the bed. I spread my legs and exposed my pussy lips and ass to Clive, hoping to entice him to continue to fuck me. My long hair whipped sharply against my naked back and shoulders as I tossed my head back to observe Clive's movements. I watched as he began to roughly fondle the supple rounds of my firm ass, his fingertips gently tracing the curves of my hips. He was avoiding my sopping wet pussy on purpose and it was driving me crazy. My mind focused on every stroke of his fingers, urging his fingers to edge closer to my cunt with no success. His lips soon joined his fingers in caressing my skin, licking and biting the soft flesh of my ass. His pace seemed to indicate he was taking his time, enjoying the exploration of every inch of my soft rump.

I turned my head back to focus my eyes on Blake, now sitting mere inches in front of me. He was still stroking his hard dick and his grin widened as he edged himself towards me. Once again he positioned his luscious and plump cock head against my wet lips. This time I eagerly complied with his wishes; I parted my lips and outstretched my tongue to lap wildly at his dick. The skin of his stiff member felt smooth and supple as I massaged him with my hungry tongue. I tasted another drop of mouth-watering pre cum and moaned with enjoyment of the delicious liquid. Suddenly, Clive forcefully slapped my ass, forcing me to jolt forward. My mouth opened with the abrupt push and Blake's cock was forcefully filled my mouth while the head of his big cock slammed against the back of my throat. 

"Oh, fuck!" Blake yelled out in surprise, as he grabbed my hair with both of his fists. Clive chuckled quietly in amusement as he continued to lightly slap my ass, beginning tenderly slap the wet skin around my leaking pussy. 

Clive pulled open my ass cheeks with his deft fingers, spreading my ass hole and pussy for his view. His hot breath lightly grazed my pussy as he closely inspected both of my naughty holes. The sensation overwhelmed my body with excitement. Hot juices began to flow effortlessly down my thighs, while his hand easily found its way to my clit and lightly flicked my swollen nub. My hips wriggled uncontrollably as his wet lips lightly kissed the edges of my pussy. The feeling of his hot, moist breath on my raw cunt made my entire body shudder. Without warning, his warm, wet mouth lightly kissed my drenched pussy. He eagerly licked my slit and circled his hot tongue around my swollen clit. I tried to moan, but it just came out as vibrations, muffled by Blake's cock fucking my mouth. 

"Mmm, fuck, Clive, I think we're getting her close, she just moaned hard against my cock." Blake said, sounding slightly exasperated. 

"Can't have that, now, can we?" asked Clive as he continued to lap at my tender lips, "Mmmm, damn, she tastes so, fucking sweet, like skittles. I can't believe you were going to keep her all to yourself," he murmured inches away, blowing his warm breath against my clit. 

I moaned again as the feeling of having two gorgeous men work at two different holes pushed me closer to orgasm. 

"Mmmm, you're right, that's exactly how she tastes. Damn, I forgot about that sweet pussy. Let's switch, have you tried fucking mouth yet?" Blake gasped back to his brother. 

Clive pulled his lips further away, "Actually, I haven't had the chance," he said as his lips brushed my ass. 

Blake pulled his cock from my mouth with a wet, popping sound as he got up off the bed. Clive bit my ass hard and slapped it once more before I felt the mattress spring up with the lack of his weight. I watched as he walked around to stand the foot of the bed. He beckoned me to come closer and I watched his eyes study my naked body crawl slowly towards him. His giant cock was exceptionally hard and stood in front of me like a trophy. I crawled on the bed until he was able to reach out far enough to grab my hair with his fingers. I reached out to touch his throbbing member, still amazed at the impressive length and girth, but he swatted my hand away and pushed his dick towards my wet lips. 

My lips parted as my tongue gently massaged the bulging head of Clive's thick cock. In response to eating out my messy cunt, his dick had grown huge. His head was purple and his skin was stretched as tight as possible to allow for his impossibly bulging erection; he couldn't possibly last much longer before cumming. I circled my tongue around his rigid cock and slowly licked under his shaft. I tasted the mixture of my sweet pussy juice with his salty cum as I swirled my tongue delicately around his throbbing rod. 

Movement caught my eye behind me, and I looked briefly before Blake positioned himself on the bed; he was lying on his back with his feet on the headboard and his head between my knees. He caressed my thighs and grabbed my ass, pulling my snatch towards his face so that my bare pussy was now positioned inches away from his lips. He kissed my inner thighs, inching his way towards my sweet reservoir. His warm breath teased my pussy and my body tingled with anticipation of his hot mouth. He roughly squeezed my ass and guided my hips down to meet his wet lips. I squirmed with pleasure as his tongue licked the length of my slit. 

"Mmmmm," I moaned against Clive's large dick, trying hard not to gag on his 9 inch cock. 

"Oh fuck, you were right her mouth is almost as hot as her cunt," Clive announced as he ran his hand down my back, clawing at my bare skin and hair. "Yup," he groaned, "I'm gonna fucking cum, ohh shit, Claire! Are you ready for me, baby?" His hot cum fired down my throat and I savored the salty taste of his seed. I moaned against his pulsing cock as Blake continued to tease my clit with his tongue. 

I lapped at Clive's cock as I urged Blake's tongue to probe deeper with the tilt of my hips. He slapped my ass hard and grabbed it with his entire hand, pushing my pussy further into his mouth. His hands drifted from my ass to my hips and hungrily ravished up the sides of my naked body. Without warning, he firmly grabbed my body and pulled me towards him, ripping Clive's cock from my mouth. I was now straddling Blake, my wet pussy dripping all over his ripped abs, his cock situated between my ass cheeks. 
