 It was the night before Christmas when I set the trap for my girlfriend. The aroma of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies wafted throughout the house mixing pleasantly with the Christmas tree in the living room and the soft smoky scent of the crackling fire. Underneath the tree was a special box that was wrapped to match the rest of the presents and I highly anticipated the use of its contents. Sara was set to return from her office Christmas party that evening and little did she know what I had planned for her.

I picked up my cell phone and dialed her number getting her voice mail, "Sara, my flight was delayed and I won't be home until 10. I'll just get a cab when I get in, don't worry about picking me up."

One more layer of the trap. I was supposed to be in Denver on business but I had rearranged my schedule to get in at 10 AM, not 10 PM. I had all day to prepare for her. Sara would be home by 8, she'd be naked by 8:05, the box would be opened by 8:10 and I'd keep her on the edge for hours. Now, time to prepare myself.

Up the stairs and into a long hot shower, a fresh shave and a little bit of trimming down below resulted in an erection that would have to wait for relief. Has anyone ever told you how good a velvet Santa Claus suit feels against naked skin? I gave an involuntary moan; it was going to take all of my control to keep to my plans. Slipping on my false beard and looking into the mirror as I pulled on my cap, not bad Pretty convincing Santa Claus if I do say so myself; although I'd need a pillow to hide my flat stomach and perhaps a little bit of rouge on my cheeks.

I looked at my watch, 7:50, Sara could be home any time now, so it was time to hide. I pulled on my big black boots and headed downstairs. The fire still crackled and the cookies I baked had cooled enough to place on a fancy Christmas plate. The chocolate chips were still melty just the way she liked them, perfect. A glass of milk finished the presentation and everything was placed on a tray by the fireplace on the floor. The trap was laid, now just waiting for the prey.

Lights flickered through the window as Sara drove into the driveway. Time to hide in the hall closet since there was no way she would hang up her jacket... One of my pet peeves, but this evening it would work to my advantage. Her car's engine died as I slid into the closet while pulling on my jolly old elf's cap. 

The key turned in the lock and I heard laughter. Sara wasn't alone, what was going on? Her laughter came up short as she noticed the fire and the homey scent of fresh cookies. "T honey, are you home?" A pause, "He must have come home early. Damnit Tammy I was hoping to have us both naked on the floor in front of the fire when he got here. There goes our Christmas surprise!"

Hmm, now this was an interesting twist on the story, Sara had brought her best friend Tammy home with her to be my Christmas present. Damn do I love that girl! I'd have to think quickly if I were going to proceed with even a modicum of my plans. Then again, this dirty Santa certainly wouldn't mind just going with their plans. That's when I heard, "Quick Tammy, get naked, he must be upstairs, here's my clothes throw them in the hall closet over there."

Shit, busted.

I heard the doorknob beginning to turn and as the door opened I held a finger up to my mouth in the universal shushing motion. Tammy was startled as she looked me in the eye. She started to say something then thought better of it. I whispered, "I was going to surprise her, you know her stranger fantasy." 

"Looks like we ruined that." She whispered back.

"I've got an idea, you can be my naughty elf. Go over and..."

Sara unknowingly interrupted me, "Hurry up, he might come down any second! And there's cookies!"

Tammy grinned, "Cookies eh? Okay, I'll help."

"Red box, silk rope, blindfold."

"Got it." Tammy winked at me. "Sara honey I'll be right over. I can't wait to taste you on him."

Damn, now there was no way that Santa wouldn't be able to hide his erection.

I heard giggling then Tammy saying, "He won't mind if we open one early will he? This one says 'To the naughtiest girl, love Santa', let's open that one!"

"Hmm, okay, but hush up, he might hear us."

More giggling, god, the thoughts that were going through my head... 

"Oooh Sara, you must have been especially naughty this year, I think Santa meant to tie you up! And a blindfold too! Hey, that gives me an idea, why don't I tie you up for him?"

Ok, remember to thank Tammy when this over, the girl was brilliant!

"He's going to be down any minute."

"Nah, when I was by the closet I heard him upstairs talking on the phone with his brother and you know how long those two go on."

"Hmm, ok then, tie me up, but first give me one of those cookies!" 

Yeah, that's my girl.

"Ooh, these are good, now tie my hands above my head and smear some of this chocolate on my breasts."

I heard more giggling and then a deep moan. "Let me slide the blindfold on. Ooh, and there's some toys in here. We'll wait for Santa for those though." A short pause from Tammy then, "Sure you can't see Sara?"

"Yeah, can't see a thing. I guess maybe he was saving this for my stranger fantasy." Sara giggled. "Tammy, he's got to be about done talking with his brother, why don't you start eating me? I can't wait much longer; I'm so wet after all that making out in the car outside work. I thought Bob from accountings eyes were going to pop out when he saw us."

That sounded like my cue... I opened the door slowly so as not to make any noise and stepped out. The sight that greeted me was a man's dream; Sara and Tammy were naked on the floor with Tammy sliding to position herself in a 69 over my lovely girlfriend. Tammy had moved so that she and Sara looked like they were under the Christmas tree from my closet vantage point. What a present Tammy had arranged for me in front of the fire! It was all I could to keep from growling and jumping into the beautiful tangle of naked beauties. 

I moved into the room slowly as the both girls moaned. Sara brought her bound hands to pull Tammy down onto her face and I heard the sounds of her licking her girlfriend's pussy. Tammy eagerly dove into Sara's pussy, darting her tongue over her clitoris which elicited deep moans from her girlfriend. I could tell that Sara was already getting close to cumming from her friend's ministrations from the flush of her skin and the moans that came from the depths of her soul. Tammy lifted her head to let Sara calm down a little and gestured me over with her eyes. I moved towards the fireplace avoiding furniture and trying to be as quiet as possible. Tammy moved her head down again and I could see her licking up and down Sara's labia through her spread fingers. Occasionally her tongue would lick in circles around my beauty's sensitive clitoris and Sara's hips would make a little fucking motion. One word, hot.

By this time I had gotten within two feet of the girls without being noticed and Tammy had pulled back again to let Sara mellow a little. Tammy was moaning now herself and I saw her sit up so she could move Sara's mouth to where she needed it most, again my cue. I got down on my hands and knees and slowly leaned forward toward my lover's sweet pussy. Tammy leaned down so that Sara would think she was about to resume her ministrations, but to her surprise it was not her girlfriends smooth creamy skin that contacted her thighs, it was my silky beard. 

Sara let out a squeal and Tammy sat bolt upright. "Sara, there's a man here, I don't know who he is, he's got a white beard, and red cheeks as if he's been out in the snow. He's wearing all red and has really sexy black boots." 

My tongue darted out and swiped at her clit. 

Sara moaned and pulled away from Tammy's hot pussy long enough to say deliriously, "I don't care who he his, just tell him to keep licking!"

I pushed my face into her wetness and heard her moan as my tongue circled her clit. I could see Tammy's face tightening as she got closer to her own release. My beard rubbed all over her thighs as my tongue lapped along the folds of her pussy tasting her juices. My tongue moved lower and darted into Sara's hole as her thighs locked around my head trying to pull my tongue further into her. Tammy let her hands wander down to caress my neck, helping Sara pull my mouth closer to her pussy. Sara's moans became frantic and Tammy threw her head back. I took one long loving lick from Sara's perineum all the way to her clit and that's all it took. Her thighs squeezed my head tight and her hips moved involuntarily in a fucking motion as her orgasm swept over her. Tammy in the meantime reached her own climax and rode my girlfriends face vigorously. Sara ground her pussy against my face and I felt like I was going to black out from lack of air.

"Sara honey, let him go! You're going to smother him!" 

Sara loosened her leg lock a little but continued to grind herself against my tongue. Her juices were really flowing and I knew that I'd be buying that beard from the costume shop. Tammy meanwhile had loosened her own leg lock on Sara and was languishing in her pleasure. I looked over the beautiful scene in front of me. Two beautiful torsos glistening with sweat and flush with orgasm, Tammy's eyes closed to slits enjoying the afterglow, Sara's beautiful curly hair visible behind her friend's thighs. 

Tammy slid backwards over Sara's head and sat on her bound hands pinning her down. Somehow the blindfold had managed to stay over my baby's eyes throughout Tammy's orgasm so she still could not see Santa Claus hovering over her naked body.

"Honey, I don't think he's going to hurt us."

"That definitely did not hurt Tams."

"He's got a twinkle in his eye though."

"Well, the least we could do is return the favor."

"Umm, good idea Sara."

I pushed Sara's legs apart and slid my velvet-clad body over hers.

"Oh honey, I think he wants the cookies and the milk. Should we let him have them?"

"He can start with the chocolate that you so generously smeared on my breasts Tams." Good idea I thought to myself as I leaned forward and tongued my sweetheart's chocolate covered nipples. Sara let out a deep moan as my teeth lightly nipped at her nipples and my tongue swiped at the chocolate. I took a few moments to switch back and forth between her hard little nips and let out a little growl.

"Sara be careful, I think he's getting excited."

"He's definitely excited, I can feel him against my thigh." Sara giggled for a second, "It's pretty big."

"Ooh, well save some for me!"

My hips moved in involuntary circles rubbing the head of my cock against the top of her thigh. Tammy looked at me lustily, licked her lips and nodded her head at Sara's mouth. I slid up so I straddled Sara's torso and reached down to fumble at the buttons of my velvet pants. My cock seemed to leap out of my pants and Sara gasped as she felt my hot flesh bounce off her right breast. 

"He's so hard for you sweetie."

Tammy reached out and took my cock in her hot little hands jacking me lightly against Sara's ample breasts. She quickly spread my precum over her friends nipples then leaned down to lick my cock head and her nips at the same time eliciting a moan from both Sara and I. I thought how could Christmas get better than this?! 

Sara's mouth opened in a gasp just as Tammy pulled me further forward so that my cock slid along her lips. Her tongue lashed out along the underside of my penis and it was my turn to shudder and moan under the ministrations of a talented tongue. I lifted my hips a little as Sara also lifted her head and my cock slipped into her mouth. Her sweet lips closed around me and she began to bob her head back and forth as she sucked very hard. Sara knows how intense a feeling this is for me and will normally only suck like that for a few seconds, but this time she sucked me for so long that my toes began to curl. It was all I could do to hold back from cumming right then.

Sara let my cock go as I gasped for breath and pulled back a little.

"Is this stranger hard enough for you sweetie?"

"Oh yeah baby, but we've got a problem. How can he fuck us both?"

"Hmm, well our quiet stranger seems to have an idea. Turn on your side."

Sara turned on her side and Tammy slid down next to her on the soft rug. She moved her legs so that she they were entwined together and their pussys were inches apart. I moved in closer and rubbed my cock over one girl's clit and then the others. I quickly moved my cock back and forth over their little nubs causing them to rub their bodies over each other. Tammy and Sara are both the same height so Sara's large breasts rubbed right against Tammy's somewhat smaller ones. Sara lowered her bound arms around Tammy's head and Tammy pulled my sweetheart closer for a deep kiss. Meanwhile I had begun to rub my cock back and forth along the girls' slits and dipping a little bit inside of them. The moans were now coming from all of us and I couldn't wait to be inside both of these beautiful women.

Tammy reached down and grabbed my cock. She stopped kissing Sara for long enough to say, "Give it to her Santa."

It was Sara's turn to tease, "But Tammy, I don't believe in Santa Claus."

"Believe honey, believe." And Tammy pulled me right into her friend.

I slid my cock all of the way into Sara and felt her pussy grasp me tight. We all went silent with only the crackling of the fire in the background as I held myself motionless. 

"Fuck her, then fuck me Santa!"

I began to move as the two girls squirmed against each other. After a few strokes I slipped out of Sara and felt Tammy's hand once again as she pulled me into her tight little pussy. 

Tammy said breathlessly, "You were right, he is big."

"Give him back!" Moaned Sara.

I slipped out of Tammy and back into Sara, my hips beginning to pick up speed encouraged by the girl's moans. I switched back and forth between the tight pussies, each penetration bringing a gasp from everyone involved. I kept up my pace for a long time keeping each girl on the edge of a hard orgasm. Finally Tammy disentangled herself from Sara and flipped around so that her tongue could reach her friends clit as I stroked in and out. 

"His cheeks are getting all rosy sweety, I think he's going to cum."

"Oh god I hope so, it will be the best present I get all year."

"Will you share it with me?"

"Oh god yes!"

I felt guilty that I might not be able to get Tammy over the edge, but she didn't seem too concerned. Sara and I meanwhile were barreling towards huge orgasms. I began to lengthen my strokes and really give it to Sara as Tammy frantically lapped at her friend's clit. Tammy reached around me and grabbed my ass cheeks pulling me even harder into her friend. The extra stimulation was enough and I felt my cum starting at the depths of my soul and shooting towards my beautiful girlfriend. Sara's legs wrapped around me, her ankles pushing Tammy's hands out of the way as she hunched her hungry pussy against me. 

Our orgasms washed over us burning through our bodies and hot skin. I let out a deep growl as Sara moaned beneath me and Tammy encouraged us on with her tongue lapping where my cock disappeared into her friend. I felt like I came for a minute and Sara shivered beneath me.

"Oh god Santa, don't move! It's so intense." My hips moved a tiny bit. "DON'T MOVE!" Sara was desperate, her legs holding me as tight as she could. "Don't even breathe Tammy, please! It's so good!"

Finally Sara relaxed and Tammy pushed me back so that my cock fell out of her friend. As I pulled back a little more Tammy dove down and took my cock all the way into her mouth. I felt her tongue work the last few drops of cum out of my cock then she moved back to her friend's pussy and began to lick up all of our combined juices as they leaked out of Sara. The sexy sight before me kept me mostly hard even though I had just had one of the best orgasms of my life. Tammy finished licking Sara and turned around to share our cum with her friend causing me to get as hard as I've ever been. 

As I watched the girls share a deep kiss I got so excited that I pushed Tammy's legs apart and lunged deep inside her. I heard the breath rush out of Tammy as she felt my ardor. My hips pounded into Tammy, which only served to arouse her more. I truly felt like a stranger fucking these girls as I all control, I just wanted to bang these girls for the rest of my life as hard as they would let me.

Somehow while I was banging her friend Tammy Sara managed to free her hands and pull the blindfold off.

"Tammy, I do believe in Santa Claus, in fact, I do believe he's fucking you right now!"

Sara pushed Tammy onto her back and straddles her face, pushing her wet pussy towards her friends mouth. She leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Does this make up for my year of naughtiness Santa?"

I looked into Sara's beautiful eyes and began to reply, but she cut off any chance of a reply with a deep kiss that tasted of all three of our juices. I moaned into her mouth as Tammy's hips moved against me and Sara moved over her friend's mouth. I figured that I would last for a long time considering the intensity of my orgasm but Tammy's tight pussy along with Sara's intense kisses and moaning pulled me right over the edge. The girls weren't far behind me and we all collapsed in a pile on the floor in front of the fire moaning and breathing hard.

Finally I struggled out of the arms and legs and reached for a deep sip of milk. I grabbed a cookie and pushed it down to where the girls were lightly kissing each other. Each took a nibble and then I finished it off before I stood up.

Sara looked up at me eyes lidded with the comfy warmth of the fire and the afterglow of an incredible orgasm. "Oh Santa, I'm going to be extra naughty next year if this is what I can expect."

I summoned up my deepest voice and said, "I Ho ho ho, hope so my dear..."