 "Have you ever had a threesome?" Devon asked his girlfriend of six months, Traci. This question was not random or from out of the blue. Devon and Traci had agreed to be open and honest with each other about sex. Topics included their pasts, their desires, likes and dislikes and their fantasies. They decided to talk about anything and not to judge each other. They would have no secrets and hide nothing from each other. If either of them asked a question, they would answer it.

It started a few weeks ago. Things had been getting pretty serious between the two of them, and they were committed to making their relationship the best it could be. They felt that total honesty was critical. It started out fairly innocently, with a question here, a story there, but it quickly developed into something fun and exciting for them both. They referred to it as "the conversation."

Traci grinned at her boyfriend as she thought back to her past. "Sort of, but not exactly," she answered, ambiguously.

"What does that mean?" Devon asked, playfully laughing as he put his arms around his girlfriend and pulled her closer to him on their bed. They'd just finished having sex, which usually was when they had the conversation.

Traci adjusted the pillows behind her head, then leaned closer to Devon, putting her head on his chest. She ran her fingers lightly over his chest and teased his nipple.

"Well," she began, "it was just one time, during the summer after graduating from high school. You remember I told you about my boyfriend back then, Tony?"

"Yeah," Devon replied, stroking her arm lovingly. "The jock, right?"

"Yep, that's him," she said, continuing her story, "We were over at my friend Kim's house. She had a big pool in her backyard that overlooked a lake. It was on a big wooded lot and very private."

"Sounds great, but what happened?" Devon asked impatiently.

"I'm getting there," she replied, then pinched his nipple hard. 

"Oww!" he blurted out, chuckling.

"So, it was hot, and we were young. We had been drinking some beers, and I'm pretty sure we had smoked some pot. Kim's dad was a major pothead, and she always had the best weed. We were all feeling pretty relaxed and mellow, so we decided to go skinny dipping."

"Kim was adorable. She was short but had big tits and ass. Tony was impressed, and his dick got hard. He had a very athletic body with lots of muscles, but his dick was kind of average, much smaller than this."

She reached down and squeezed Devon's plump, recently fucked cock, then waved it back and forth. It swung in her hands as she shook it, the head flopping left and right.

"Sucks to be him," Devon chuckled. "Go on, please."

"Well, one thing led to another. Tony and I were getting frisky on a lounger. Kim was sitting and watching as I sucked his dick. He was fingering me. I noticed he was watching Kim, so I checked out what she was doing. She was lying there facing us, with her legs wide open, fingering her pussy."

"Did that turn you on or piss you off?" Devon asked. His cock was stirring to life due to the combination of her hand action and her story.

"I thought it was hot," she said, grinning. "Tony thought so too. I got a wild idea and invited Kim to come over and suck his dick. She jumped at the chance. I held it for her as she started, but soon she was deep throating it, and I let go."

Traci slid her face down and wrapped her lips around the head of Devon's cock. She jacked it several times, as it grew fully erect, then licked around the head making Devon groan softly. She pulled her mouth off, giggling, and caressed his dick as she continued talking.

"She was better at sucking it than I was," she said as her fist pumped up and down. 

"You're very good at it now," Devon said through clenched teeth.

"I've had more practice since then," she said with a wink. "So, I watched how she sucked Tony and how much he liked it. I let her keep doing it. She was on her hands and knees on the lounger, between his legs, sitting on her feet. I sat next to them, kissing Tony as he had one hand on my breast and the other on one of Kim's, massaging them both."

"I scooted as close to them as I could and rubbed my pussy. I turned my head, laying it on Tony's chest, watching her mouth go up and down his shaft. I was fucking turned on. Tony was groaning, and he removed his hand from Kim's tit to put it on the back of her head, pushing her down more. She moaned and started sucking him even more aggressively."

Traci took Devon's prick back into her mouth and sucked it hungrily, pushing her mouth all the way down to the base, deep throating him easily. She lifted up, letting his cock slide slowly out of her mouth, coated with her saliva.

"I thought Kim looked incredibly hot sucking my boyfriend's dick. I pulled my hand off my pussy and rubbed my wet fingers on Kim's nipple. She whimpered and started shaking. I'd never touched her or any other girl like that. Her reaction turned me on even more. I sat up next to her, sliding my hand down her back and over her ass. As I did, she reached between my legs and pushed a finger inside me. I got up on my knees beside her and spread my legs to give her more access. 

"I slid my fingers down the crack of her ass. It felt warm and smooth. My finger brushed over her puckery asshole, and she squealed. I moved my hand lower, finding her pussy. Thick, mucus-like fluid was dripping from her. I pushed two fingers inside. She moaned around Tony's cock and lifted her hips up so that she was on her hands and knees."

"I used my fingers to fuck her pussy. I didn't know what I was doing, but I was on fire with lust. I fingered her the way I like to have my pussy fingered when I'm that horny. I jammed my fingers in and out of her pussy rapidly. Her juices were flowing through my fingers and dripping from my hand. I pulled my fingers out and rubbed them against her clit, letting it slip between my index and middle fingers, pinching it between them as my fingers moved back and forth."

"Tony groaned loudly and cried out that he was going to cum. He was warning her to stop before he came in her mouth, but Kim only whimpered again and sucked him harder. He yelled loudly and came, shooting his cum in my best friend's mouth. Kim swallowed as fast as she could, but a lot of his sperm ran down her chin and his cock. Before he finished cumming, Kim started squealing and bouncing her pussy up and down against my hand. She came and came and came."

Traci resumed sucking Devon's cock, using her tongue along the underside to add extra stimulation as her mouth worked it up and down. He put his hand on her head, pushing it down like Tony had done Kim. He thrust up into her mouth, fucking her face as she deepthroated him.

"Ugh," Devon groaned, "I'm cumming! Fuck!"

Traci lifted her body up, pushing her mouth down entirely. Devon's cock head pushed into her throat as the first blast of semen shot out. She swallowed. He cried out more, hand gripping her hair in his fist.

"Ohh, fuck Traci," he shouted, "suck it! Suck it! Suck! It!"

He fired more and more cum into her throat and mouth. She kept her mouth around his dick until he stopped shooting sperm. She slowly pulled off, swirled the remaining cum around in her mouth savoring his taste, then swallowed it.

"Wow, that was a lot of cum, Devon," she said, wiping her chin and licking the remnants off her fingers. "I guess you liked my story."

He chuckled hard. "Oh fuck yes," he said, trying to catch his breath, "that was hot. So, then what happened?"

She grinned up at him, still holding his dick, which hung limply in her little fist. She licked a little bit of cum off the tip. "Kim's dad came home then, and we all had to scamper wildly to get dressed and hide the empty beer cans."

"So you didn't get to cum?" Devon asked stroking her cheek lovingly.

"No, those greedy bastards got off and left poor little me to masturbate once I got home."

"So, is that the only time you had a threesome?" he asked as he pulled her up to lay next to her.

She cuddled against him, idly stroking the small amount of hair in the center of his chest. "Just that one time. How about you? You ever have a threesome?"

"Me?" Devon asked as if there was someone else in the room that she could have been asking. "No, I was never that lucky. I dated a girl that offered it once with her cousin, but we broke up before we ever did it."

"Awww, poor baby," she said, lifting up to kiss him. "Is it on your bucket list?"

He smiled after kissing her, tasting a faint trace of the mustiness of his cum, but ignoring it. "Yeah, it is. Hopefully one day I'll get the opportunity. What about with two men? You ever do that?"

She rolled slightly more onto her belly, her chin laying on his chest and looked up into his eyes. "No, only in my fantasies," she said with a naughty grin.

"Oh?" he asked, raising his eyebrows, "Is that on your bucket list?"

Her grin grew into a full smile, and she felt herself blushing. "Maybe," she whispered.

Devon gave her a playful scowl. "Ahem," he chided her playfully, "Full honesty, remember?"

Traci bit her bottom lip and nodded. "Ok, in the spirit of honesty, let me tell you. First, the idea of having sex with two men at the same time is one of my favorite fantasies. It is right up there with Dirty Santa. I masturbate to it frequently, and that kind of porn can get me going more than anything."

"Dirty Santa?" Devon asked, pretending to be shocked. "What's that?"

"It's just a silly fantasy a lot of girls get. You know, Dirty Santa sneaks into the house at night. Dirty Santa finds you touching yourself and asks if you're naughty or nice. Dirty Santa says he has something better than a lump of coal for girls on the naughty list. Dirty Santa pulls his cock out and has you sit on his lap as you tell him what you want for Christmas. Dirty Santa cums in your pussy, then leaves you with a new Barbie Doll, eats the cookie you made for him, drinks the milk and goes back up the chimney, leaving you with a little elf growing inside you. Typical, everyday fantasy." 

Devon stared at her. "Uhm, ok. I could have gone the rest of my life without knowing about that. Now, I'm never going to look at Santa the same."

"Oh, no, you'll look at him the same way I do," she giggled, "I love to go to the store in a skirt with no panties and sit on Santa's lap."

"Do you really?" Devon asked, this time in real shock.

Traci giggled and waggled her eyebrows up and down. "If I'm still letting you date me at Christmas time, you can find out for yourself."

"Letting me?" he asked, pulling her closer for a kiss, "Don't you mean if I let you?"

She kissed him then pulled back, "No, I know you want me too much. You're hooked. I'm still on the fence about you."

He gave her a dirty look. "Really? What would you need to decide to keep me? As long as we both shall live?"

Her breath caught in her throat. "Did you just ask me to marry you?"

"Maybe," he said, blushing. 

"Ahem," she chided, "what happened to full honest?

"Oh yeah, I forgot," Devon said, kissing her forehead. "I guess then, yeah, I did just ask you to marry me."

She turned her head and laid it back on his chest, kissing his nipple softly. "Cool," she whispered, "I like that."

"That's all you can say?" he asked, teasing her.

"Well, yeah. If you actually want me to answer that question, you're going to have to do a better job of asking it, with the proper equipment."

Devon stroked her hair tenderly. "Well, assuming I had the right equipment and asked you properly, what would your answer be?"

"Hypothetically?" she asked her fingertip writing words on his chest.

"Hypothetically," he answered.

"Full honesty?" she asked as she finished writing the word 'yes.'

"Full honesty," he said.

"I just wrote the answer on your chest," she said, kissing his chest. "You'll have to read it to figure it out. If you can't read it, then I guess you'll have to ask me properly."

"With the proper equipment?" he asked.

"Of course!" she said looking him in the eyes, then kissing his nose. "Didn't you want to hear the rest of my answer about if having two men is on my bucket list?"

He grinned, knowing she was changing the subject. She'd practically confirmed that she would accept if he proposed. He was delighted, and the post-orgasmic bliss had flooded his brain with endorphins. "Yes, I'm sorry to have distracted you. Please continue."

"I love you, Devon," she said, "but having sex with anyone other than you is not on my bucket list. It is not something I would ever do or have any interest in pursuing."

"Oh," he said, sounding somewhat disappointed. "Why is that? You said it's your most popular fantasy next to Dirty Santa."

"It's close, but nothing beats my Santa," she giggled, "But, the thing about threesomes or sex with other people, which I learned the hard way, is that something that is great as a fantasy, never ends well in reality."

"What do you mean?" he asked, "Did something happen after the threesome that makes you think that?"

"Yes, something did happen. So, a couple of weeks after the threesome, I was supposed to be working, but the power was out at Starbucks, and they sent us home. I called Tony to get together because I knew he had the day off. With college coming, we only had a few more days before we had to go to other towns. He had tried to get me not to go in so that we could spend the day fucking, but I needed the money. Since I was free, I wanted to meet and ride his cock one last time before we had to move."

"When he didn't answer my calls and texts, I was bummed out. I was bored so, I called up Kim. Oddly, she didn't answer either. I knew she was home, so I drove over to her house. I was surprised when I saw Tony's car in the driveway. I parked behind him and walked around to the back of the house. I saw a couple of empty beer cans on the deck next to the pool and his swimming trunks lying near a discarded bikini."

"I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. I walked up to the stairs to the upper-level deck that opened into the family room and the bedrooms along the back of their house. The family room was all windows and sliding doors that gave a great view of the lake. As I reached the top of the stairs, I saw them. Kim was laying on the couch, her back against the armrest. She was naked and had her legs spread wide, knees bent, feet wrapped around Tony's ass as he fucked her hard."

"I stood there, frozen, staring, unable to look away for a couple of minutes. The funny thing was, I didn't care that Tony was fucking her. What hurt was the lying and the betrayal, the cheating and excluding me from the activity."

"After a few minutes, I took out my phone and snapped a couple of pictures of them, then turned and walked away. I got in my car and texted them both a message with the pictures attached. The message to Kim said, 'you can have him.' The message to Tony said 'have a nice life'"

"It was an hour before either of them tried to call or text me. The first to reach me was Kim she was crying and apologetic, but I told her she was no longer my friend. Friends don't fuck their boyfriends behind their back. She tried to rationalize her behavior, but I just hung up on her. I never spoke to her again."

"Tony called, but I never answered. He showed up at my house trying to talk to me. I just told him it was over. We were leaving for different colleges in a couple of days. There was no point in trying to keep things going anyway. But, since he had proved to be a worthless shit, we should end it right away. He got pissed, grabbed onto me and tried to drag me into his car. If my father hadn't come running out, I don't know what might have happened. In any event, it ended badly."

"Wow," Devon said, stroking her with love, "I'm sorry you had to have something like that happen. But, that wasn't really a threesome, they were cheating. I mean, if they had joined with you, it would have been ok, right?"

Traci shook her head. "No, I think you misunderstood me. It wasn't that them fucking without me was why I was upset. We could have done that, I suppose. However, it wouldn't have changed anything. My point is we had a threesome. When we did, we crossed a line that could not be uncrossed. Once you go there, you can't go back. What we did together was not cheating, but it opened the door for them. It made them feel that it was okay for them to fuck without, because why not? They'd already messed around with me. Surely I wouldn't care if they did, right?"

"I mean, our having that threesome tore down a wall of propriety that had existed as a boundary. Without it, there were no more boundaries. Infidelity came easier, almost naturally."

"I think I see what you mean," Devon said, "but that doesn't necessarily have to happen if the couple believes in open communication and full honesty, like us, right?"

"It becomes hard to stay honest when your feelings lead you away from that kind of pure relationship," she replied.

"I don't understand," Devon said, fingers lightly scratching her scalp and massaging her head.

"When you start to feel things for another person, you find yourself caught in a dilemma. You want what you want, but you don't want to lose what you have. You start to realize that a white lie here, leaving out a few details there, allows you to have your cake and eat it too."

"But, not if it's just sex," Devon countered. "Right?"

"When is sex ever just sex?" Traci replied. "If you want sex without feeling something, then masturbate. Hire a hooker. We want sex because we want to have incredible sex, not just biological relief. We want mind-shattering, earth-blowing, gut-wrenching powerful sex. If not, why bother?"

"Yeah, I suppose so," he conceded. "But, how is that a problem?"

"There are so many different ways that is a problem, Devon. First of all, I want that kind of sex to be with you. I want to share that feeling, to cum that hard, to be totally into the sexual surrender so that my entire being is overpowered with the bliss and joy of orgasm, with you. To me, sexual arousal and orgasm is the same feeling, the same energy as love. It is the ultimate manifestation of love."

"I agree," he said, considering her words. "I still don't see the problem."

"Would you care if another man fucked me?" Traci asked point blank.

"That depends," he said.

"On what?"

"Well, I think it depends on your motivation for doing it, if I was I included, would I know in advance and approve of it, that kind of thing." Devon was struggling to answer adequately, but trying hard to make his point.

"Ok, so remember a couple of days ago, you called and said you would be late getting home? You got home around 7:30, but I wasn't here when you got back. I came home about 9:00, a little tipsy."

"I'd say more like hammered than tipsy, but yeah, I remember. What about it?" Devon asked looking at Traci suspiciously.

"I told you that I went to dinner with Jenny from work, that we'd had a few glasses of wine and lost track of time, right?" 

"Yeah, that's right."

"You believed me. What would you feel if I told you that it was a lie? What if instead, I'd been out with Mike from work, got drunk at his apartment and had sex with him? How would you feel?"

"Wait," he said nervously, "are you trying to tell me you cheated on me?" He quickly got angry, "What the fuck, Traci?"

She raised her head and shushed him. "No, silly," she said softly, "of course, not. But, see. You would be angry and hurt, right?"

"Yes, of course!" he shouted, "And I'd beat his fucking ass if he touched you."

"But, what if I invited Mike over here and fucked him in front of you? What if I told you that it was my hottest fantasy ever, to make you watch as Mike pounds my pussy?"
