 I hope you enjoy this story. At this point it's intended to be a two-parter, but I'm open to more if I get some positive feedback and I feel inspired. Please vote and feel free to leave any comments. I debated placing this under the Erotic Couplings heading, but since the second part will be more definitively Group Sex, it seemed to make more sense to leave it here.

*

Tammy sat back in her office chair after reading the email for the third time. She stared blankly at the wall, trying to determine if she was missing something. Maybe some hidden context that she was intended to pick up on. She sat forward and read it for a fourth time.

Babe,

You won't believe who I talked to this morning. Garrett! His papers finally went through and his final tour is over. He got back from Bagdad last week and spent some time at his parents, but he's coming into Chicago this weekend to look for a job. Please don't be mad, but I told him he could stay with us for a while. I know that this should be a phone call conversation with you, but I'm stuck on this conference call all day. He arrives on Friday. I'm fine if you'd rather he stayed in a hotel, but we do have that extra room. Let me know what you think.

Love you!

Jack

PS: Really, if you'd rather he not stay with us it's totally cool.

The email appeared pretty straight forward. And she would have viewed it that way...if not for the Conversation. The Conversation (Tammy always thought of it with a capital "C") happened a few months back, after round one and before round two of phenomenal and uninhibited drunk sex. (In fact, round two was prompted by the Conversation.) It took place at the W Hotel in Dallas after a friend's wedding. (In Tammy's experience, hotel sex is generally exceptional, but this night's activities were above and beyond regular hotel sex.) That was nine months ago, and Jack never brought it up again. On the other hand, this Conversation had rocked Tammy's world, and was never far from her mind. She often wondered if Jack never again mentioned it because he was embarrassed or if he had been so drunk that he forgot that he had told her.

Garrett had been Jack's roommate and best friend all through college and for four years after. In fact they had lived together up until Garrett joined the military. Tammy and Jack began dating about a year later. They recently celebrated their one year anniversary and six months of sharing an apartment. During that time, she had met Garrett only once, at the Dallas wedding of one of their frat buddies.

Tammy thought back to that night. She had been worried about meeting Jack's best friend, the mysterious Garrett. Adding to the normal nervousness of meeting friends and family of your significant other for the first time was the fact that months earlier Jack had let slip that he and Garrett had, more than once, shared a girl for a night. In theory, Tammy was cool with this. First of all, this all happened before she and Jack were dating, but secondly, she wasn't one to throw stones. She had participated in a couple of drunken three way hookups in college, both the male/male/female variety and the male/female/female kind. She didn't regret them exactly, but for her they were in the same category as beer bongs, 4am trips to 7-11, and road trips with eight people piled in a five-seater car. In other words, these were fun times for college, but had no place in her adult life.

So Tammy had been nervous. There would be partying, alcohol, hotel rooms, and part of her couldn't help but wonder if Jack and Garrett had something planned. But Garrett showed up with a date and treated Tammy with all the respect one would expect a guy to show his best bud's girl, and fun times were had by all. Tammy felt silly for having even considered it.

That night after the wedding, in their hotel room, Jack took Tammy on all fours, slamming into her from behind. They were both extremely drunk, which made the sex that much more vigorous and vocal.

"Fuck me, Baby! That's it!! GOD! Fuck me harder!!"

"Do you like that cock, Baby?"

He pumped it into her and she rocked forward. Suddenly she had a vision of Garrett, kneeling in front of her, feeding her his cock, while Jack continued to fuck her from behind. She could hear Jack's words, but in her mind it was Garrett speaking them.

"You love my cock don't you? Take my cock, Baby. Let me give it to you."

"Oh God, YES!" she panted, the idea of taking a cock at both ends raising her level of arousal to unbelievable proportions. "Oh, God, give it to me. I need more. Fuck me more." She slammed back against Jack, keeping her head up, Garrett cock thrusting in to her mouth in her mind's eye.

"Rub your clit for me, Baby. Make yourself come."

Tammy immediately reached between her legs and rubbed herself.

"I'm close, Baby. Keep fucking me." Tammy's mouth was slightly open and she licked her lips, still picturing Garrett's cock in her mouth. In her mind his hands were on either side of her head and he was thrusting himself into her mouth, head thrown back in ecstasy. She continued to hear Jack's words as Garrett's.

"Get there, Tammy. Come for me. I'm gonna shoot. Hurry, Babe."

Those words were enough. Tammy could practically taste Garrett's load as he shot down her throat. She screamed as she came, Jack's cock buried deep inside her.

Her pussy convulsed around Jack's dick and he gave one last, enormous thrust and came deep inside her, clutching her hips in his grip.

"Fuck!" he groaned, his head dipping down to rest on her back, his cock still deep inside her cunt. "Fuck," he said quieter.

Tammy slowly slid her legs flat and rested on her belly; Jack, still connected to her, rested atop her, using his arms to bear part of his weight.

"Christ, Tammy, you got wild there. That was fucking awesome. What go into you?" He gently kissed the back of her neck, moving his lips around to just behind her ear.

"Mmmmm," she groaned, too wiped to say much more, and not sure what she'd say anyway.

Jack pushed up. "I'll get us some water, Babe. I have a feeling we're going to feel all those shots in the morning."

Jack sat up and swung his feet around to the ground. He teetered a little as he stood. "Fuck, am I drunk," he mumbled to himself, and staggered off to the bathroom.

Tammy lay on her tummy, eyes closed, feeling too deliciously spent to move. When Jack came back, he urged her to sit up and drink the water. "Come on, Baby, you'll hate yourself in the morning more if you don't drink it."

She drank it, then cuddled up next to him, under the covers. They lay together, naked, her head on his shoulder and one leg thrown over his. "God, Baby, that was spectacular," she said without opening her eyes, all the alcohol she had consumed earlier slowly overtaking her.

Jack sounded equally tired and drunk when he replied. "I agree. I think we should get hammered and have drunk sex every Saturday night." While he spoke, his fingers were trailing slowly up and down her arm. "But seriously, what happened at the end there? I went from fucking my sexy, drunk girlfriend, to fucking a wild cat."

At this Tammy opened her eyes. Her alcohol-soaked mind slowly processed different responses.

"Well," she said slowly, using her own hand to draw circles around his nipples, "I guess I was just thinking sexy thoughts."

Jack chuckled sleepily. "Sexy thought, huh? They must have been some top rated, triple X, sexy thoughts."

"They were," she said quietly, slowly drawing her fingernail across one of his nipples, then the other.

Jack opened his eyes and lifted his head to look down at her. "Care to share?"

"Not really." Tammy wouldn't meet his eyes.

"Babe, seriously?"

"It's personal."

Jack reached and gently grasped her chin in order to move her face towards his. Looking into her eyes, he gently said, "Honey, there's nothing you could say that I'm not going to love. When you came you screamed so loud I think they may have heard you in the lobby, and your pussy squeezed my dick so much I'm surprised it's not bruised." Tammy giggled. "If there's something in your head that helped that happen, and at some point in the future I can whisper that something in your ear to help it happen again, then, Babe, you gotta tell me what it is. It's a win-win for all involved."

Tammy looked into his eyes. "Okay," she said quietly, and she put her head back on his chest. "I'll tell you. But you can't over analyze it, okay? You have to promise."

Jack settled her more deeply into his side and chuckled. He closed his eyes again before answering. "Babe, I get it. Fantasies are fantasies. Just because it's in your head, it doesn't mean that you're ready to try it." He went back to trailing his fingers along her arm. "Of course, it doesn't mean that at some point you might feel different."

"Jack!"

"Sorry. Go ahead. I won't judge. I promise."

"Well," she began, and started running her fingers along his chest again, "I guess I should start by saying that I was nervous about meeting Garrett tonight."

Tammy felt Jack's body go still for a minute, but then he relaxed and continued tickling her arm.

"You were nervous?"

"Well, yeah. You told me that you guys would sometimes share girls, and, well, I guess I was thinking: wedding, liquor, hotel rooms...I don't know. I guess I was wondering, if maybe, well, you guys hadn't seen each other in a while...I don't know. Maybe that was your thing, like how you guys bond."

"You were thinking that the way Garrett and I bonded was to share girls? Not watch football, talk sports, play one-on-one basketball. We shared girls."

"You know what I mean."

"Not really, Babe."

"Okay. Forget all that. It crossed my mind that maybe the two of you might want to reenact one of your old scenes...with me. But then I met him, and he had that pretty date, and he acted totally normal around me, and I felt pretty stupid for thinking that."

Jack's hand went up to caress her shoulder, then further up in to her hair. He softly stroked her head as he said, "Babe, I would never plan something like that without talking to your first." His eyes were closed and his words came out slowly.

Tammy thought on that a minute. Her mind was sleepy, but a part of her felt that something about that sentence was a little off. Talking to her first? Like, the absurd part wasn't the activity itself, but the planning of it. She tilted her head to look up at Jack. His hand had stilled and he looked asleep. She put her head back on his shoulder and threw her leg over his, readying herself for sleep.

"Babe, I get it. But what about tonight? What about that made you so sexy?" Apparently Jack wasn't quite asleep yet.

Tammy snuggled closer and closed her eyes. "It was your words, Baby. You said, 'You love my cock, don't you?' And suddenly I pictured Garrett kneeling in front of me, with his cock in his hand. He was the one asking me if I loved his cock. He asked; then he fed it to me. That's what did it, Honey. I felt your cock in my pussy, and my mind felt his cock in my mouth at the same time. And he was the one talking to me. He told me to touch myself and he yelled that he was going to come."

Tammy didn't open her eyes, but she could feel her body heating up. Telling Jack about her vision was turning her on almost as much as living it. Her hand moved along his stomach, under the covers, making its way to his dick.

"When he came, it was like I could actually taste his spunk in my mouth. And your cock was fucking me so hard from behind. My hand was on my clit and I just exploded." She reached farther down and found that she wasn't the only one getting turned on by her story. His cock was rock hard. She gripped it lightly and started stoking.

Jack groaned. "Baby that has got to be the hottest story I've ever heard. I think I may need you to tell it to me again and again. The way you told it I could see him kneeling there, fucking your mouth, coming down your throat. Oh, God, yes, that feels so good. Don't stop."

Tammy's hand moved a little quicker. "You like that image? The idea of you fucking me and Garrett's cock in my mouth?"

"Fuck yeah."

"Baby, why is that so hot? It's not new for you guys."

"But not with you, Babe. We fucked girls together, but none of them were you. Not even the girlfriends."

Tammy's hand stopped. "What?"

"Don't stop, Babe. Please, don't stop," Jack groaned.

Tammy slowly started up again. "What girlfriends, Jack?"

"Your mouth, Babe. I need your mouth."

Tammy crawled down his body, stopping with her lips just above the tip of his cock. She looked up at Jack. His eyes were still closed, but his hands were on either side of her face, gently trying to get her to go down on him. "Please, Baby, suck me."

Tammy used her tongue to glide around the tip, then slid it up and down the shaft. Jack groaned. "You're killing me, Babe."

"Tell me about the girlfriends, Jack."

"There were only two, Mia and Gabby."

Tammy slipped his cock in her mouth, sliding slowly down on him until he was hitting the back of her throat. She paused, then slit her mouth back off. "What made them the girlfriends?" And her mouth went back down, this time taking even more. She beat back her gag reflex as she felt his cock enter her throat.

"Oh, God, Tammy. You suck my cock so good. You give the best head. Garrett would die if he could feel your mouth on his cock." His eyes were still closed and his words were mumbled.

Tammy slid back off his cock, and moved down to capture his balls in her mouth. She gently sucked first one, then the other. "Baby, tell me about Mia and Gabby. What made them girlfriends?" After this question, she went back up to suck him more, but only took his tip into her mouth. He tried to thrust in, but she held back. "Tell me, Baby."

"Fuck! Suck me, Tammy," he pleaded.

"I will, Baby, but you need to tell me about Mia and Gabby."

"They were our girlfriends."

"What do you mean, Baby?" Tammy took his cock in her mouth again, and began bobbing up and down.

"We dated them. Together. We shared them. They belonged to both of us. God, that feels so good."

Tammy's eyes went wide, but she continued to suck him off. She paused only long enough to ask, "You shared them? Like all four of you together?"

"Fuck. Keep going." He held her head, putting slight pressure on it, forcing her down harder on his cock. "We had a one night stand with Mia, and we all enjoyed it so much, she stayed for the weekend. Then she came back. After a while, she just moved in, and Garrett and I shared her. She loved it. We loved it."

"What happened to her?"

"She took a job in another state. Swing around and give me your pussy, Baby."

"Not yet, Babe. What about Gabby?" She kept at her blowjob, but her mind was whirling, picturing being taken by two guys, night after night. Two men to love her, stroke her, fuck her. She slightly raised herself up on her knees, mouth never leaving his cock. Her left hand reached up to fondle his balls, while her right hand reached down to stroke her pussy. She shoved two fingers in and pumped a few times, then pulled them out to rub her clit. "Tell me about Gabby."

"We missed Mia. We tried a few more one night stands, but there was no one we liked enough to keep around. So we went to Craig's List."

At this Tammy froze and looked up. "Seriously?"

"God, Babe, I'm so close. Don't fuckin' stop!"

Jack gently pushed her head back down onto his cock. "Give me your pussy, Baby. Let me eat you while you suck me."

"Not yet. Tell me about Gabby." She reached back and started fingering herself again, using first two, then three fingers.

"She was fun, but she was crazy. She didn't live with us, but we found out that was because she was busy fucking everything that moved: girls, guys, two, three, five at a time. We wanted a girlfriend, so she pretended that was what she was, but she just wanted fuck buddies, the more the merrier. She wasn't Mia. And, Baby, Mia wasn't you. There's no one like you, Baby." At this Jack growled, "Enough." He grabbed Tammy by the armpits and pulled her up to him. Then he flipped her around so she was on her belly. He grabbed her hips and pulled them up and in one move, rammed his cock into her from behind.

"Shit! God, your cock feels so good." Tammy thrust herself back onto his dick, trying to get as much of his length into her as physically possible. She went down on her forearms, dropping her head down to the mattress. "Fuck me, Jack. God, I need your cock."

"Head up, Babe." Jack pulled her back up to all fours, thrusting his cock in again. "Garrett wants you to suck his cock. Suck that cock, Baby. Take it deep in your mouth while I fuck your pussy." He reached around her and stroked her clit while he said this.

"Oh, FUCK!" Tammy yelled. Then she opened her mouth and licked her lips. Her eyes were closed and as she rocked back onto Jack's cock, she saw Garrett fucking her face.

"That's it, Baby. I want to watch you suck him. You love that, don't you? One cock in your mouth and one cock in your pussy."

"Oh, God, yes!" she groaned.

"Are you gonna swallow his cum?"

"No, Babe. This time I want him to come all over my face. I want you both to come all over my face."

"Fuck, Baby, you are so fucking sexy. Come for us, Baby. Come for us so we can shower you." He circled her clit with his fingers. "Come on, Baby, show us how hard you explode. Garrett's so close. He wants to spray you with his cum."

"I'm there, Baby! I'm coming! Oh GOD!!! FUCK! Holy Shit!" Tammy felt her body come apart, exploding with the force of her orgasm. Her arms collapsed on the bed.

Jack quickly pulled out. "Kneel, Baby. Come on. Hurry, turn around."

Tammy spun around and sat back on her heels, looking up at Jack, kneeling high over her, holding his cock in his hand.

"Open up, Baby. We're gonna give it to you."

Tammy, head tilted back, opened up her mouth and closed her eyes, picturing two men above her, pumping their cocks.

"Here it comes, Baby. Feel it. Taste it."

She felt the cum hit her face, some landing in her eyes, some making it into her mouth, some hitting her cheeks and chin and dripping down to her breasts. Rope after rope hit her. She could easily envision all that cum coming from two men. She reached up and rubbed it in, loving the feel of it on her fingers. She licked her lips, loving the taste of it in her mouth.

"Open your eyes, Baby. Look at me." Jack had dropped down, butt to heels, looking straight into her eyes. "I love you, Babe. I've never loved anyone like I love you. You are the sweetest, sexiest woman on the face of the earth." Then he grinned. "But let me find you a t-shirt or something to wipe all that spunk off your face, so I can kiss you."

Within minutes, Tammy was snuggled up to his side, tracing circles on his chest while he stroked her arm.

"I love you, Tammy."

"Love you too, Babe."

Moments later Jack's hand stopped moving and she could hear slight snores. She tried hard to fall asleep, know that after all he drank those slight snores would turn into thunderous ones very soon, but all she could think about was the Conversation they had just had.

Jack and Garrett had shared two girlfriends. Shared. How did that work? Did they all sleep in one bed, or did she bounce back and forth between them. Maybe they had a rotating schedule. Did the three of them go out on dates? As she grew closer to sleep, her mind drifted from the logistics to the more erotic aspects of the relationship. What would it be like to have four hands stroking her instead of two; a mouth on her pussy and one on her tits; a cock in each hand or one in her hand while one was in her mouth? She pictured being taken by one man, while the other just watched, stroking himself while waiting for his turn. At this image she smiled and drifted off to sleep.
