 Introduction: If you haven't read Parts 1-6 of "The Converse Chronicles" then you may be a little bit lost here. As this story is a bit of a bridge/interlude, it stands alone better than other recent chapters, but still references people and events of earlier writings.

*****

New Characters:

Jesse Fernandez - The 35 year old owner/operator of a lawn care/landscaping company. He is a 5'10" Mexican-American with short cut, wavy black hair and a warm smile. His skin is dark brown, a mix of his ethnic heritage and his many hours work outdoors. He is fit and strong from his many years of manual labor.

Roberto (Berto) Ferrera - Jesse's 37 year old cousin and co-owner of their company. Whereas Jesse is normally serious, with a fun side... Berto is normally fun, with an occasional serious side. When he's not working at the business, Berto plays soccer on a local club team, so he is in exceptional shape and extremely attractive, though he is only 5'5".

Jessica Dunham - The 42 year old owner of a local women's spa. Jessica has blonde hair, straight and long to her mid-back which she routinely wears in a ponytail while working, and down when not. She has a lean, runner's body.

Barbara Brezinka - One of Jessica's massage assistants. Barbara is a perky 22 year old brunette who keeps her hair in a short cut bob, like Halle Berry. She is a fitness nut with an exceptionally toned body and 34C breasts which look larger than they really are on her small frame.

*****

Chapter 7: The Bellamy Ladies Break Free

(immediately following Chapter 6)

Carla stomped around her spacious home office with her cell phone pressed to her ear. Carmen had done any number of things to set her off over the years, but this time was just too much.

She didn't even really doubt their story of what happened. She knew her daughter Jade was a beautiful young woman, if far too shy for her own good. It wasn't any surprise that someone had tried to seduce her at work... the only real surprise is that it took this long to happen.

What Carla couldn't wrap her mind around was her wife's inflamed response to the story. Why, with all the erotic, exhibitionist, frankly crazy things that the two of them had done together, why did THIS particular incident send her fiery Latina blood so over the edge that she would cross that one line they had never needed to speak of before?

Carla thought on all this, and also thought of Carmen's daughter, Cordelia. This really wasn't fair to her, she knew. Letting her choose to stay in the house or go with her mother wasn't really a choice at all. Staying in the home would be out of the question for the tiny, obedient little vixen. Carla wondered for a moment if she wouldn't feel better if she just seduced Cordelia in return.

As she pondered it, she realized she simply couldn't do that. Not only was it not in her nature to be dishonest like that, she was fairly certain she would break the diminutive angel as she would definitely be 'hate-fucking' her, and despite her more placid nature, Carla knew she could bring the fire like no other when provoked. And right now, she was mighty provoked.

"Where in the fuck is she?", Carla barked out to no one in particular. Just then, her phone switched over to an incoming call, and she noted it was from the front gate controls.

"Yes? What is it?", she snapped out acidly.

"Ma'am, it's Jesse & Berto, from 'Green Cards & Green Yards' landscaping. We're here for your monthly service." Carmen glanced quickly at the screen and saw the rugged face of Jesse Fernandez, her landscaper.

"Right, I'm sorry. It's already been a rough day. Please, come in and get to work. As always, you can help your self to anything in the patio house for refreshment. Thank you."

She quickly typed the open code for the gates into her phone and considered whether she should try to call Carmen again. After the initial shock of what she had witnessed wore off, she realized that as mad as she was, it was more from the utter lack of courtesy or respect Carmen had shown than it was the infidelity or that it was her daughter involved.

Of course, it was also that impulsive, unquenchable ardor Carmen possessed that had also drawn her to her in the first place. "For fuck's sake.", she again complained to the empty room, "If she'd only just ASKED! Or talked to me about it... I can't think of anyone I'd RATHER show my daughter the love of another woman than my wife. But to just 'do it' like that... ARRRGHHHHHH!"

Carmen drew back her hand to hurl her phone in frustration, but at the last second altered her aim so it would hit the thick, designer pillows covering the divan she loved to relax on after a long day of work. Finally, it struck her what she needed - a massage. She needed 2, or maybe 4, hands squeezing, pushing, pulling, and kneading her body in every possible location to drag her mind away from her current inconsolable irritation. She quickly retrieved her phone and pulled a number from her contacts list. 

"Jessica? Yes, it's Carla Bellamy. Are you free? It's an emergency... yes, I know you have a business to run, but I'm really hurting here. I'll pay you double. And double again if you have that little brunette, what's her name... Barbara? If she comes too."

"OK, I'll be in the sauna. You know the code, let yourself in and meet me there. One hour. Thank you so much, sweetie."

Carla let a smile touch her features for the first time in what felt like weeks, though it had only been a few hours since she walked in on her wife licking her daughter's pussy like a lollipop. She began to hum quietly to herself as she finished arranging the last few papers she needed for tomorrow and made her way to the bedroom to strip down for her massage.

*****

Jade Bellamy was beyond distraught. She didn't know what to do, what to feel, or even what to think. All she knew right now was that her entire world was collapsing around her, and it all had to do with the fact that she couldn't simply LET GO.

All her life it had been that way... every time she walked to the edge of the cliff to take that leap, she would inevitably back away. And now... the one time she DID leap, it was to ruin. How was she ever going to break free from this fear that held her back if, when she did, it came back to haunt her like this?

Her momma was sooooo angry. After she had chased Carmen from the house, she had turned her anger on Jade. And Jade could say nothing. She wanted to. She wanted to stand up and scream at her mother that it was HER choice to confide in Carmen what had happened the night before, it was HER choice to let go and kiss Carmen, it was HER choice to FINALLY open up and EXPERIENCE something in her life. But she couldn't, it simply wasn't in her nature to try and stand up to her mother that way.

It wasn't a good choice to do that with her step-mother Carmen. But she was there, in a time and place where Jade was most vulnerable and needed... someone. But, she had finally made that choice. And now she had to live with it, and try to make the best of it.

What ultimately bothered Jade most of all, right at the moment, was that she was COMPLETELY unsatisfied. She had been getting a good, hard orgasm built up on Carmen's marvelous tongue when they had been interrupted. And now, between the fact that she was alone, and the tumultuous thoughts running through her head, she couldn't focus enough to even bring herself off to relieve the aching in her pussy.

What brought her back to the world around her was some loud voices... male voices, somewhere out on the manor grounds. She got up and moved to the spacious window her room had overlooking the secured backyard area, and she saw two Hispanic men, wearing only board shorts, cleaning the pool area... and occasionally throwing each other playfully into the pool.

As they emerged glistening wet from the pool, the light of the midday sun and the reflection of those fleeting drops of water on their brown skin brought into vivid relief the muscular, toned physique of both men and involuntarily, Jade licked her lips and sighed.

Then, just as she had when being tempted by Angela at the restaurant, she felt that switch inside her flip. She knew what she was going to do. Both for her immediate need for relief, and for her long-term need to answer to her instincts. As she had never bothered to dress after the mayhem in her room earlier, she slipped quietly to Cordelia's room, where she knew her step-sister had much more revealing poolwear than she herself had.

Jade selected the skimpiest bikini she could of Cordelia's that she would actually fit her, as her hips were considerably more curvy than that of her pint-sized step-sister. The top, skinny though it was, covered just enough of her silky, smooth 32B breasts as to make the viewer want to see more. The bottoms tied, but only just barely, and if one looked closely, one could see just the barest hint of her well-trimmed and manicured muff peeking out of the top of them.

With a determination born of a gripping hurt in her heart and a raging fire in her mind, Jade made her way through the house and down to the rear patio. She deliberately shut the door harder than was necessary to get the men's attention, then sauntered over to one of the deck chairs.

With a bravado she wasn't even aware she possessed, Jade turned her back to the men and bent all the way over at the waist, letting the thin material of her sister's bikini thong ride all the way up into her ass crack. Her fat pussy lips bulged out from the edges of the bikini's crotch, where the flimsy material tried valiantly but futilely to keep them tucked in place.

Jade tossed her towel onto the chair and steadied herself with her hands on the arms of the chair, then quite slowly looked over her shoulder at the two lawn workers.

Both men had frozen in mid-antic, mesmerized by the young beauty so blatantly showing off before them. Knowing full well she had them where she wanted them, Jade pushed herself upright, spun around to face them, and with a quick rush of steps plunged headlong right past them into the pool.

As she surfaced, she noticed the men were in an excited conversation with one another. She calmly swam over to the pool stairs and, exaggerating each sway of her hips, stepped from the warm, refreshing water.

Jade moved purposefully across the concrete pool deck, it's rough surface heated to near uncomfortable on her bare feet by the late summer sun, towards the patio house. When she reached the door, she looked back to the two men still staring after her and said, "I believe my mother says you can use whatever you find in here, right?" And with a last shake of her curvy backside, stepped into the shaded room.

With a quick glance between them, and then a look back to the house to see if anyone may be watching, the men dropped their pool rakes and bolted for the door where Jade had just disappeared.

They found her laying back on the wicker sofa, one leg propped on low ottoman in front, the other spread and resting on the cushion beside her. Berto quickly moved between those luscious thighs and dropped to his knees. As he did, his cousin walked over behind the low back of the sofa and slid down his shorts, revealing his thick, heavy brown cock. As he thrust his hips over the back of the sofa, Jade took him fully in her mouth and began to tug with her lips and swirl her tongue under his fat head.

Berto's bearded face tickled her sensitive pussy, but she didn't care. He quickly released the taut strings of her step-sister's bikini and slid the material aside as he became the second person to bury his tongue inside her pussy today.

Jesse's cock quickly grew long and hard inside Jade's skillful mouth. As he grew harder he grabbed the sides of her face and began to ram his cock deep into her mouth and throat. Coughing and gagging, Jade pulled back for a moment, but only to relax her throat and quickly swallowed Jesse's throbbing tool once again. The hums and moans she made as Berto expertly tongue-fucked her pussy while thumbing her clit gave added pleasure to Jesse's cock, and he felt that familiar rush building in him.

Groaning, he pulled his cock out of Jade's wide open mouth and leaned in to kiss her deeply. His hands slid down to her chest and slid aside the patches of fabric covering her nipples, giving them a hard pinch and pull. Jade hissed and moaned her approval, and Jesse leaned farther over the couch to take one of her dark, firm nipples in his mouth and he deftly held it between his teeth as he lashed it with his tongue.

Berto had slid out of his shorts while eating Jade out, and now stood up and lifted her legs straight up in the air in his outstretched hands. He slowly lowered the head of his nearly 12" dick to her sopping wet pussy. As he started to penetrate her, she threw her head back and came with a feral growl and a quivering shudder throughout her entire body.

Inch after inch of Berto's long dick filled her pussy, until she couldn't take anymore. Slowly and deliberately he raised up and lowered down into her again and again, letting her pussy stretch and get accustomed to his immense length.

Once he was completely inside her, Jade's eyes rolled back in her head as another orgasm rippled its way through her body. Jesse reached forward and grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs way back towards her head, as Berto rested his hands on the backs of her thick thighs.

"You ready, mi putita negra?", Berto asked with a smirk behind his matted beard. "God yes, fuck me you little brown wetback!", Jade snarled back.

Jesse and Berto laughed, and Berto began to mercilessly hammer Jade's pussy with his full 11 1/2" of cock. He leveraged himself up higher with his hands on her thighs and let his full weight drive him back down inside of her. Jade's howls and cries of passion filled the patio house and beyond.

"Hey, hey... don't completely wear it out, primo. Save some for me, yeah?", Jesse told his cousin. Berto only grunted as he continued to savage Jade's sodden pink tunnel, his long, hard brown cock a blurry piston of sexual energy. Jade moaned and cried almost constantly as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her body from the fucking she was getting from this little brown bearded dwarf.

"Alright, alright... that's enough man, let the lady breathe.", Jesse said, releasing her ankles and letting her legs fall limply to her sides. Berto slowly stood up, sliding out of her with a squishy 'plop' as his head pulled free and Jade's rivers of cum that had built up came flowing out.

"That should be plenty of lube.", Jesse said as he moved to the front and sat on the sofa. He reached over to Jade and pulled her over on top of him, positioning his thicker, but shorter cock at her gaped open pussy. As he raised his hips and thrust upwards into her Jade again let out a gasp, as now instead of her depth being tested, it was her width. 

Jade ground herself all the way down onto Jesse's cock, pushing her tits into his face to distract him from thrusting while she became accustomed to the feeling of his thick cock inside her. As she relaxed and began to rock her hips back and forth, she felt another sensation.

A wet finger found her tight, virgin asshole and worked its way inside quickly. She gasped and looked over her shoulder to see Berto's smiling face looking back at her intently.

Another of those wars that played out in her mind from this morning began again. She had always believed she would save THAT prize for whichever man won her heart and married her, if he wanted it. But now, with all that was going on... she had a difficult choice to make. She knew it would be a bit of a moodbreaker if she said 'no' to Berto, but, she wasn't sure she could handle him in there, as she was truly a virgin in anal. She also knew, however, that given how that anatomy works, she would be the only one who knew, in the future, that she had been taken there before. It would feel just as new to her future husband as it was about to feel to Berto.

With that, she knew what she was going to do. The future be damned, it wasn't guaranteed to anyone. Right here, right now, there was a sexy, incredibly well hung man that wanted her ass, and she wasn't about to say no. Jade leaned forward as far as she could into Jesse and reached her hands back and spread her ass cheeks wide.

Berto smiled and stepped up, pushing the head of his long dick against her puckered opening. As she yelped out, Jesse held her tightly against him and whispered, "Try to relax your muscles, I know it's not natural, but the more you clench, the more it will hurt."

Hearing his cousin coach the young lady, Berto slowly inched his way inside Jade's ass, stopping whenever he met resistance to allow her time to adjust to the new and invasive feeling. As he got as far into her as their position would allow, he began to slowly slide his length in and out of her.

Feeling this motion, Jade matched his rhythm, sliding her pussy back and forth on Jesse's thick cock to match the strokes of Berto's. All three of them began to pant and moan in near unison, until finally unable to take anymore, Jesse grunted deeply and thrust his hips upward and shot blast after blast of hot, thick cum deep inside Jade's pussy. Feeling his cousin's cock throbbing through the thin membranes between them, Berto too let loose a long stream of jizz.

Unable to contain herself after a day filled with mayhem and pain, and now with two men shooting into her at once, Jade released a tremendous scream as the strongest orgasm she had ever felt ripped through her body and squeezed Jesse's dick completely out of her. A flood of her juices, mixed with Jesse's thick cum, came blasting back out of her pussy and soaked the cushions below them.

Trembling with the after effects of a terrific sexual romp, the men quickly took a dive in the pool to wash off, then put their shorts back on and finished up the last of their work. Jade, her pussy and ass left battered and exhausted, lay back on the sofa where she was just well and thoroughly fucked and smiled contentedly to her self, her fingers softly touching her swollen lips, bringing the mixed taste of her and Jesse's cum to her lips.

She idly wondered where her mother was at and what she was doing to try and get over what had happened earlier.

*****

Carla Bellamy lay out, completely naked, in her sauna. This was nothing new for her, as she frequently used this room, and frequently did so completely nude.

Today was different because it was the first time in three years she was doing it without wishing her wife would walk in the door and join her. Something about the heat, the wispy tendrils of steam as they wafted through the room, sometimes brushing her skin with their warm, wet touch, left her aching to share those sensations with her love.

Today, however, her love had betrayed her in a way she wasn't at all prepared to process. Right now, were Carmen to walk into this room, she would likely get treated to a shower of hot rocks thrown at her face at high velocity.

Privately, Carla admitted that was probably a little excessive... it's not like she was HURTING Jade. Hell, thinking back, from the sounds of it she was giving her exactly what she needed.

'Wait... what?', Carla thought to herself. 'I'm supposed to be mad at that bitch, not finding some way to excuse what she was doing.'

Carla let her mind drift off to other things, her eyes drooped in the searing heat of the room, and perspiration stood out on her smooth chocolate skin like clear pebbles on a dark desert highway.

As she began to drift off to slumber, there was a knock at the sauna door, "Mrs. Bellamy? It's Jessica, we're here."

"Please, come in.", Carla called out after rousing herself, not bothering to reach for her towel.
