 It had been yet another boring day at the office. God knows why I did this job I hated and longed to be volunteering in some hot climate where I could be of use to someone. Taking off my tie I entered the bar and took stock of who was there. There were two men sat in one booth discussing something and there were young couple sat in another booth just holding hands and chatting to one another.

I took my place at the bar where there was another single man nursing a single malt whiskey and looking as depressed as I felt. I ordered a whiskey dry. I sank it straight down and ordered another one with ice that I could nurse for a little while. I normally had the three drinks before making my way home and back to the drudgery of home life. I sipped at the second of my drinks and made small talk with the man at the bar. He soon became boring as it was obvious that he had been there several hours and was little bit the worse for wear.

I looked round the bar again. It still had not filled with the office crowd. The two men were still deep in conversation. I moved round to the young couple and noticed that they were now kissing. I watched for a moment and became transfixed by what they were doing. The man had now placed his hand on her thigh and was stroking it sensually. The woman pulled him deeper onto her and then broke the kiss and said something to him. As soon as she had finished she went back to kissing him.

I watched as his hand made its way up her thigh. It worked its way up her leg and as it did it pushed her skirt up. She seemed to want this and uncrossed her legs. He continued to work up her thigh until he reached the void of her knickers. I watched as he fiddled for a moment and it was obvious that he was pulling her knickers aside so the he could gain access to her pussy.

She kissed him passionately and he began to play with her clit. I could only imagine that it would be aroused and would be red and throbbing. He moved his fingers up and down and round and round and it was then that I noticed her shudder. She had just had a small orgasm. He did not stop.

He re-positioned his fingers and began to piston them in and out of her pussy. She gripped him harder and again whispered something in his ear. He re-positioned his fingers and it looked like he was adding a second and maybe a third to her pussy. When he was comfortable he began to move in and out.

He started off slow and then he got faster and faster. She bucked against his fingers and encouraged him to go as deep as he could. He tried to get as much of his fingers inside of her as he could and when he could get no deeper he fucked her hard and long.

She writhed on his fingers and soon she was cumming all over them. They rested for a moment and then they went back to their drinks as if nothing had happened. I turned back to the bar but had this strange and powerful urge.

I walked over the bar and went to the young couple in the booth.

"Can I buy you drink?" I asked.

They looked at me a for a moment and then there was slight nod from the girl and the man said.

"Aye a whiskey dry and a vodka and tonic."

I went to the bar and ordered the drinks. When they were ready I brought them to the booth.

"Hi "

The man held up his arm.

"No names" he responded.

I thought that a little strange but followed through with what they had said. The girl sidled further along the booth and made some room for me. We drank our drinks and made small talk and before I knew it we were ordering more drinks. The drinks flowed and before we knew it was closing time. I got up to go when the man said

"Would you like to come back to ours for a nightcap?"

I looked at my watch and thought the wife was going to kill me already so I might as well go the whole hog.

"Yeah I would love to join you for a nightcap."

"Great let's get a taxi."

The man ordered a taxi whilst the girl and I stepped outside. She lit a cigarette and I continued to chat to her. The man joined us and said that the taxi would be about ten minutes. The discussion we were having was easy going as if we had known each other for years. When the taxi arrived I got in the back and was joined in the back by the young lady whilst the man got in the front. She was that close I could smell her perfume. She rested her head on my shoulder and whispered in my ear.

"Do you find me sexy?"

"I do."

"Good because I want you to fuck me along with my husband. I am in the mood for two big hard cocks tonight."

I watched as her hand moved to my crotch. She pulled down the zipper and pulled my boxers aside. My cock sprang out and I could hear her moan. She used her hand to wank me for a moment and then she dipped her head and took me deep into her mouth. I sighed in satisfaction.

She just held it her mouth for a moment and then she began to masturbate me with her mouth. Her mouth was so wet and warm and I was trying to remember the last time anyone had done anything like this to me. It had certainly been years and I was savouring every moment of it.

She had an amazing mouth and her suction was perfection. She reached further into my boxers and fondled my balls. I groaned outwardly and I could see the taxi driver looking at us in his mirror. I thought I would not last but every time I came close to cumming she would bite my cock and stop the flow of cumm. She was such an expert I could not wait to fuck her pussy. If it was as good as her mouth I was in for a good time and I could not wait for that to happen. 

"Five minutes to home "Her husband said.

This must have been a signal because she began to move harder and faster up and down my cock. Her hand left my balls and cupped my shaft. She worked the shaft up and down in her mouth and this time she let me cumm. I spurted about four times deep into her throat and she swallowed the whole lot. When I had finished cumming she placed my cock back into my trousers and zipped me up.

"Cannot wait to fuck you." She said.

"Neither can I." I replied.

We stopped in front of a nice looking house. I stepped forward and paid for the taxi. It was the least that I could do. We all got out of the taxi and the man led us up the driveway and into the house. He showed me where the front room was and I took a seat on the sofa. The girl told me. 

"I am just going to slip into something more comfortable. Make yourself at home."

I took a seat on the sofa. I kicked my shoes off and made myself comfortable. The man came back with a tray of drinks.

"Single malt fine?"

"Certainly is."

He poured the drinks and I took mine and sipped on it gently. I didn't want to put myself out of action by being drunk. This was a first for me and I was determined to enjoy it. Fuck what the wife thought. She had not put out in years and I was going to take what I could and enjoy it. The man went to the stereo and put on some sensuous music and took his place in the chair which was obviously his. We chatted for a while and then there was silence for a moment.

"So you ever had a threesome?"

"Never. Something I have fantasised about but it has never happened until tonight."

"Well she is one hot lady when she gets going and she can be insatiable and sometimes I need help to take care of her. Just so you know. No homosexuality just straight sex."

I was happy to hear that because I have never been into having sex with a man. It has never been something that has floated my boat.

"I will start" he said.

"You join in whenever you feel comfortable."

I raised my glass.

"Cheers. Here's to a good night."

"Do you want to sleep with us afterwards. We have a massive bed and there is always room for a third."

"Yeah that sounds good. "We sat for a little while longer and sipped our drinks. My cock was so hard and erect and I couldn't wait to have a go at this young beauty. After about fifteen minutes the door opened and out she stepped. She had showered and her hair was still wet. She had on a black negligee. She stepped into the middle of the room and said

"Do you like boys?"

For the first time I took in her true beauty. Her face was slightly Indian in origin. She had dark hair and dark eyes. Moving down her body she had a nice pair of breasts and I could see that her nipples were erect. My eyes travelled further down.

I wanted to avoid the main prize so took in her legs which were stunning. They were long for her height and well-toned and tanned. She was in a pair of high heels which obviously gave her greater height but it was the prize that was the glory. 

Her pussy was completely shaved and I suspected it was waxed. It looked so smooth I could have kissed it there and then. I was fighting the urge to jump on her but her husband had said that he wanted to start.

I sat back and waited for the action to begin. Her husband finished his drink and then he stood up and came and stood behind her. He touched her breasts and she laid her head back and snugged into his neck. She turned and kissed him. He attacked the other side and kissed her neck. He bit down on her and left a little mark. She whimpered to his touch.

He moved his hands round and touched one of her breasts. He seemed to weigh it in his hands and then he twisted the nipple. She groaned out loud and urged him to do it some more. He moved his other hand and did the same with the other breast. From what I could see she liked a little bit of pain and he knew what buttons to press. He left her breasts and moved down to her pussy.

He cupped it in his hand and I could see him flick a digit into her. He let it rest there and then he began to finger fuck her. He was not trying to bring her to orgasm but she was so aroused she came on the touch of his finger.

He took a step backwards.

"Sit down in the chair and play with your pussy" he ordered.

She walked to the seat that was next to his. She hitched up her negligee and spread her lips. She began to play with her clit and then she inserted two fingers into her. She just moved them gently in and out and closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation. 

As she did this her husband was stripping off. He removed his shirt and then his trousers and trunks. His cock sprang out and the first thing that I noticed was that his cock and balls were also as shaved as her pussy and it made his cock look bigger. It was probably about seven inches in length but was quite thick.

I noticed funnily that the last thing he removed was his socks. To me they would be the first thing to go. He stood there naked and stretched then he turned to his wife as he wanked his cock.

"Assume the position."

His wife got out of the chair and walked towards him. She bent from the waist down and presented him with her arse. I thought at first that she had done something wrong and was going to be punished. Instead of which she spread her arse cheeks and opened her pussy with her fingers.

He stepped towards her and ran his cock up and down the crack of her arse. He had some precum on his cock and used it to prime her arse. Then he bent slightly and I watched as she parted her pussy lips and he inserted his cock into her. He left it there for a moment and then he began to fuck her. In and out his cock moved in slow long motions.

This went on for ten minutes in which time she came at least once but it was difficult to tell because she had a constant shudder going on. I let them fuck for fifteen minutes then I stood and I began to remove my clothes

Unlike him I took my socks off first and then removed the rest of my clothes. I got down on my knees and began to lick her from the front. I found her clit and sucked it into my mouth. It was like a little button but it was so hard and aroused. I could see the redness of it. I savoured the sensation of her cumm on my lips and began to lick at her clit and bite and nibble on it.

I do not know if it was me or her husband but she came and this time she squirted a little. It coated my face and I licked it into my mouth, I then parted her pussy lips and watched as her husband's cock fucked her.

I wanted to taste the pussy but had to make do with the lips. I licked up and then licked down the other. I got myself into a rhythm. Suddenly her husband slapped her arse and he came in her pussy. I could see him as he squirted deep into her. There was a copious amount and it seemed to go on for ages. He pulled out of her and took a sip of his whiskey. 

"You can have her anyway you like. She likes it in the pussy and the arse so go for it."

I took her hand and laid her down on the floor. I pushed her legs back against her chest and gazed at the beauty of her pussy. I could not believe how smooth it looked. Not a sign of stubble. I got down on my knees and placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy.

I pushed forward and felt myself slide into her. With the cumm that was already there she was so slick but still so tight. I let her grip my cock and then I began to fuck her. I went for the hard and fast method and with the long strokes I was using I felt to be filling her up. I pulled out to the tip and then plunged back in. On and on I went

She had already made me cumm in the taxi so I knew that I would have some stamina. Even so I was not strong enough to last forever and soon flooded her with cumm. I wanted more. Her husband was gazing on intently. I turned her around and asked her to get onto all fours.

When she did I spat on my cock and also on her arse hole. I reached into her pussy and took out some of the cumm and coated my finger with it. I parted her cheeks and took her hands and asked her to keep herself open.

Using my lubricated finger I probed her sphincter until the resistance gave way and my finger was swallowed up. I allowed her to get used to the sensation and then I added a second to her arse. I opened my fingers to try and stretch her to make receiving my cock easier.

When she was open as far as I thought I could get my fingers to open her I placed my cock at the entrance. I took it in inches and inch by inch I fed my cock to her arse. Slowly she opened and took all of me. It was an amazing sensation and I just had to rest and savour the tightness.

I had not had anal sex in a long time and had forgotten how good it felt. Once we had both got used to the sensation I grabbed her arse cheeks and began to fuck her. It was heaven and her light skin complimented me beautifully. We fucked like this and then her husband got off of the chair.

As I attacked her arse he attacked her pussy and together we gave her all that we could and that was a lot. We were all getting tired but sated. She came one more time and then she collapsed to the floor a spent woman. I withdrew from her arse and her husband stopped licking her pussy. 

Together we picked her up and placed her in the chair and handed her a drink. She took along draw and asked for a refill. Her husband obliged whilst I drank my whiskey. When we had all finished her husband said.

"Let's go to bed."

On unsteady legs she walked to the bedroom and me and her husband followed. I took the left hand of the bed and her husband the right side. She crawled into the middle and placed both of our heads on her shoulders.

"Thank you" she sighed and then she slept.