 You're sitting on a couch between two men. You're wearing a button up blouse & skirt. You're turned, kissing one of the men. His tongue is in your mouth, dueling with your own. The other man is kissing your neck, blowing in your ear, nibbling on your earlobe. Both men's hands are rubbing your arms and shoulders, caressing you. Your hands are resting at your sides, against their thighs. You're thinking you shouldn't be there, shouldn't be doing this. That you're married and neither one of them are me, but you don't stop, you just keep kissing the one and letting them touch you.

Then the guy your kissing pulls away and you're turned to the other one. This man leans in and you start kissing him while the first guy begins kissing your neck and ear. Their hands continue caressing your arms and shoulders, even your abdomen.

This continues for a while; you switch back and forth between the two of them, kissing them, your tongues swirling together. You feel yourself growing aroused and again you think maybe you should stop this, but you don't. You tell yourself a little kissing is harmless. Besides it feels good.

Your leaning back against the couch, your head bent back slightly as the two men take turns kissing you, their tongues entering your mouth, their hands caressing you. It feels so good.

Then you feel something different and you realize they are playing with your breasts through your top. While they've been kissing you, their hands have worked their way to your chest and each man is cupping a tit. Their fingers squeeze, mold, ply. Each with his own pressure, his own feel. Beneath your top your nipples are hard, swollen. They tingle and spark as the men cause your blouse to brush across them.

Again you consider stopping things. You remind yourself that it's wrong. That it's naughty. But you don't stop it. It just feels so good. A little harmless petting. Your body's heat is growing and you lean back a little more as you turn from one man to the other; your lips meeting, your tongues rising.

Their hands continue massaging your breasts, cupping and squeezing them. Your body's heat makes you open your legs slightly so that they press against the men's. To make room for this your hands have slid up onto their thighs, your fingers scratching lightly at their pants. You can sense their growing erections mere inches away; throbbing, straining.

Moments later you feel your blouse being unbuttoned. Alarms sound in your mind, telling you that you need to stop this, that it's going too far. You try to push the hands away. You even try telling them to stop. But one of their mouths closes on yours, silencing your protest. The other man whispers in your ear that it'll be okay. They are persistent, their hands working against you. Soon only the bottom button of your blouse remains fastened and it hangs open, your breasts exposed. Their hands cover the fleshy mounds again, this time without the blouse as a barrier. They massage and cup them. Their fingers twirl your nipples, gently pull on them. The sensations caused by this silence any remaining protests you might feel and you lean back again, moaning as their hands touch and feel you.

Then as you're kissing one man, the other leans down and licks your swollen nipple before drawing it between his lips. He holds it in his mouth and suckles, his tongue swirling over it. Hot sparks race long your nerves from this point to your loins. You reflexively push your chest toward him. This last for a couple moments, then they switch and your other nipple is licked and sucked on. More sparks are created as you push your chest at him as well. Back and forth this goes; kissing, sucking; sucking, kissing. Your arousal grows. Your fingers scratch at their pants.

You lean further back. Your legs part a little more and your skirt rides up. Cool air washes over your thighs. Back and forth you turn, the center of their attentions. You moan as you kiss them deeply; one, then the other. Their mouths continue sucking at your tits, their tongues licking your nipples.

Then you realize a hand is caressing your inner thigh. Right now it's below your skirt's hem, near mid-thigh, but it is gradually inching its way up. You can already feel its heat radiating toward your sex. It feels good. You also realize your legs have opened themselves even further, allowing the hand more freedom as it moves upward. Again alarms sound in your mind. This time more urgent, insisting that you stop things. One of your hands grabs at the man's wrist and tries to push it away. It's a weak attempt and only stops its upward progress without pushing it away. He continues caressing your flesh. You break the kiss and tell them it all needs to stop. You tell them you're married and that this is wrong. Even as you protest your chastity the one man continues massaging your breast. Both men kiss your neck. They nibble your earlobe.

"You like to be eaten-out, don't you?" one of them whispers in your ear, his hot breath tickling the sensitive nerves there.

Heat washes through your body at the idea of a tongue licking your clit. You whimper. Your hand holding the wrist weakens, but doesn't let it go. Not yet.

"You do like being eaten," he whispers again.

"You like sucking cock too?" The other asks, his hot breath in your other ear.

Your tit is released. Your hand is grabbed and pulled up to his crotch where you feel the throbbing bulge of his cock beneath his pants. Reflexively your fingers try to wrap around the hidden shaft. You don't notice your legs opening more and the hand on your thigh inching higher.

"Yes you do," he sighs. "You like having a hard cock in your mouth."

Your other hand releases the wrist and moves to the other crotch as well, finding that bulge too.

"You see how you've affected us. How horny you've made us?" The one whispers.

That's when the hand reaches under your skirt. His fingers find your sex, touch you. Your hips jump reflexively, pushing you forward, toward that contact. Fires roar in your loins, your desire burning, raging. You whimper as his fingers press and rub at you, plying between your swollen labia, dipping into your juices and gently massaging the edges of your opening. Most of your protest dies out. The other hand returns to your breast, squeezing the aching mound, molding it. You begin to squirm, your hips rolling and your back arching. They continue kissing your neck.

"Your horny too, aren't you."

Your hands dig at their crotches. You sigh and lean back. 

"How about if I eat you while you suck his cock?"

"But- But I shouldn't," you whisper.

"It'll be okay," you're told. "Just some oral pleasure. Nothing really wrong in that."

You don't agree but you allow them to maneuver you into a lying position on the couch just the same. Your blouse hangs open. Your skirt is pushed up into a pile at your waist. Your legs are spread open, exposing your sex to their eyes. They comment about how wet you are. How hot you look. One guy kneels down, his hands cupping your thighs and his thumbs caressing the outer edges of your pussy, teasing you with their closeness. His hot breath washes over your wetness. The other man stands next to the couch and starts undoing his pants. You try to watch him, watch for him to reveal the rigid cock you've been scratching at. But then a tongue licks your clit and lighting bolts shoot through your body. Your head rolls back, your eyes closing, a long sigh coming from you.

Fingers in your hair turn your face outward. You manage to open your eyes a little and you see the man's crotch near your face. You reach out and grip the cock's base as its head is pressed against your lips. You open them, accepting it into your mouth, feeling it slide across your sensitive nerves. You moan. Your lips touch your fingers as he shoves his hips forward, then holds still. You suck on him, your tongue swirling over his shaft as you start to work your lips back and forth. Sliding your lips along his shaft you fuck him with your mouth, the solid pole's ridges brushing across your lips.

Between your legs the other guy is licking your pussy over and over. His tongue swipes up and down your slit, it pushes at your opening, swirls over your clit. Up and down, round and round he works it, attacking your pussy with vigor; making you wetter, hungrier.

The man above you cups one of your breasts and squeezes the aching mound. You whimper more while sucking deeply on him.

"Oh hell yes, she does like sucking cock," he groans happily. "That's it bitch, fuck me with your mouth."

You readily oblige, pumping your lips along his shaft, your hand tugging at its base.

"Damn her mouth is good," he groans happily.

Your hips are rolling and humping themselves at the man eating you. You feel an orgasm building inside you; feel it growing, inching forward. Then your clit is licked hard and it explodes through you. Your legs kick. Your muscles clench. You twist and squirm spastically. You jerk your lips off the cock you've been sucking and your head rolls back, your mouth hanging open. You moan out. The guy's hand is heavier on your tit, squeezing and molding it. The other man holds your legs open and continues to lick at your clit. You writhe under their duel attentions, your orgasm crashing through you, your hand continuing to tug at the cock.

Then, as the orgasm slowly fades, you settle back, your legs growing limp and loose. The guy towering over you uses his hold in your hair to turn you back to his cock and shoves it into your mouth. Again you accept it happily, sucking on it deeply.

"That's one sweet pussy," the man between your legs comments, pulling back. "I can't wait to feel it wrapped around my cock."

Alarms blare in your mind. That's not suppose to happen, you tell yourself. There's not suppose to be any penetration. You try to pull your lips off the cock again so you can protest, but the guy stops you with his hand at the back of your head. Your legs try to close but the man standing between them easily stops this too. You look up, your eyes darting between the two of them. They know what you're thinking and they chuckle.

"Come on. You've known where this was all leading," The one guy tells you as he undoes his pants.

"Yea, admit it. You wanted this," his partner adds.

The one pushes his pants down, exposing his rigid cock. When you see it you inhale deeply, bolts of excitement shooting through you. You want to deny their claims, to tell them they're wrong, but deep inside you know they're not. You have known where this was heading and now that it's about to get there you only have yourself to blame.

The guy moves forward, guiding his cock toward your sex. He rubs it around in your juices for a second then places the tip at your opening and pushes in, stuffing your sex in one smooth motion. Your hips rise up to meet him.

"God yes, I knew it'd feel good," he sighs as he grinds himself against you for a moment.

You can't help yourself and you grind back at him, whimpering around the cock in your mouth as your body boils with passion. The other guy starts to rock his hips at your face, pumping inches of his cock in and out of your mouth, along your tightly clamped lips. This adds to your arousal and you moan hungrily. Then the other man pulls back, removing most of his shaft from your pussy before stuffing it completely into you again. Your hips push up again, meeting him needily.

Then they both start humping themselves at you, fucking your mouth and pussy. It takes them a couple moments but they find a unified rhythm, pumping their cocks into you almost as one. You writhe and twist beneath their duel assault, whimpering hungrily. You suck deeper on the cock in your mouth, push your hips up at the one penetrating your sex. 

They cheer your actions.

"You like that. You like having our cocks fucking you."

"Being our dirty whore."

"God yes, take them. Take our cocks you slut."

"Fuck us back. Show us what a slut you are."

They're fucking you, pounding you, using you. You lie there, writing and twisting in pleasure as they do. Their cocks penetrate you again and again. Their pace increases and you whimper as another orgasm is pulled toward the edge. Hungrily you suck. Needily you hump.

"Take our cocks."

"Take our fucking cocks you whore."

Again and again and again their cocks fill you. Faster. Harder. In and out they work, fucking you, using you. Your hips jerk and twist as they use your body for their toy. You squirm as they play with you. They pound their shafts into you, drive them as deep as possible. The one man's crotch slams into yours, wet fucking sounds resonating from between the two of you. Your lips are repeatedly slapped against your fingers and your other hand comes up to press at that man's hip, trying to steady his thrusts which are growing frantic. Hungry mewings come from around his shaft.

Suddenly your orgasm explodes, electrifying your nerves. Your body tenses, your muscles straining. You moan and whimper loudly as its tidal waves crash through you. The guy between your legs freezes with his cock buried deep inside you, his crotch grinding into yours as he cums too. Your sex squeezes around his shaft, milking it. Seconds later the man that has been using your mouth also freezes, your lips being mashed against your own fingers as his hips shove his crotch at your face. You swallow his seed. The sensation of their two cocks exploding inside you blasts your orgasm to new heights. You jerk and hop on the couch, twisting and writhing madly as your mind and body are overwhelmed with passion. Your muscles clench and relax in a series of electrified shocks, your flesh quivering with the uncontrolled sparks.

Then, after several moments, you begin to relax again, your orgasm fading into the shadows.

"Fuck yea, that was hot," the man between your legs sighs. He holds himself inside you for a minute longer before dropping back and setting against the couch's far armrest.

"Hell yea, she's a good little slut," his partner adds, allowing you to suckle at his softening cock, milking it for every last drop of his warm semen. He has released your hair but you hold your mouth on him, your tongue swirling over his fleshy pole as your body quivers through a couple of aftershocks. Then he too pulls away, stepping back and settling into a near-by chair with a happy grin on his face.

You lay on the couch, your cloths disheveled, your hair a mess. Sweat coats your exposed flesh and between your spread legs your sex glistens wetly. For a couple more minutes your face shines with your rapture.

But then you remember you are married and this should not have happened. Slowly your eyes close and a single tear runs down your cheek.

The End