 Matt and Venus have a raunchy weekend with Neil and Mandy

*

Author's notes:

1. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this story are not necessarily either condoned or recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.

2. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental. The story is purely imaginary and, to the author's knowledge, bears no relationship to any factual occurrence. 

3. This story follows on from the Holiday Loving series and Chapter 1-2 of The Country Club. While it is stand alone, it will make more sense to read those stories first.

*******************************

The following morning, we discussed changes we could make to the club environs in order to make it more user friendly for a wider range of groups and interests.

"For a start, we could install solar heating for the pool so that could be used all year round," suggested Neil.

I agreed, adding that some more secluded areas surrounding the pool would also be beneficial.

"If you're hooking up with a guy beside the pool, you really don't want to do it in the open necessarily. A few secluded alcoves with some tasteful hedging would be great. We could also install some dimmable lighting, discreetly placed so it's romantic. Then there's the question of accommodation."

"True," agreed Neil, "It's limiting with only 25 rooms. Take this singles weekend that's in the email; that gives a maximum number of 50 people, assuming they all sleep as doubles. But if they're just meeting, perhaps they aren't ready for that commitment just yet. Not everyone wants to jump into bed with someone they've just met."

"Perhaps some small cabins outside would be great. They would provide privacy, could be quite up-market, and would allow us far greater flexibility. We'd also need some more furniture; already from last weekend we know the dining facilities are overcrowded."

"So, we need to pour some money into the facility. If we're going to be doing this as a business, I can work from home to a large extent, you can run the club, and as we won't have time to go sailing, maybe the time has come for me to sell the yacht."

"Would you really, honey?" I asked, knowing Neil's attachment to the vessel where we first met.

"Yes, I would. That would free up capital, reduce expenses, allow us to develop the club so that in the future at some time, when we retire from this business, we will be able to sell the club for a fortune and buy any yacht we want. That's a reasonable long-term goal. The other thing is that we should move out to live at the club all the time. I can work from there as well as from here, we wouldn't have the travelling between home and club, meaning less cost. We'd also be better able to supervise the extensions and alterations. We could terminate our lease here quickly as it's on a weekly basis at present. All those measures would reduce our living costs as well as producing some extra capital. It also gives us greater commitment and therefore greater incentive to succeed."

I collected the plates and returned them to the kitchen, then we made a list of what needed to be done today. These decisions had far-reaching effects, but the initial response we felt was a sense of purpose and excitement that we were doing things for ourselves that would benefit our future.

I replied to the email from the Lonely Hearts Singles Club, offering them the use of the club for the weekend they had requested in six weeks' time. That commitment made, we had work to do.

*******************************

I looked around the grounds at the newly planted shrubs and trees, the lawn that had been fitted in place, marvelling at being able to install mature grass instead of waiting months for it to grow in situ, watched the painters putting the finishing touches to the newly finished, transportable, self-contained cabins, the scars on the ground from buried pipes still very obvious. As I walked past the pool I dipped my hand into the water, feeling the warmth which I estimated to be just right; warm enough to be able to stay in the pool for a long time, yet cool enough so you wouldn't become lethargic after a short time. Perfect! The solar heating was working well. I spied Neil walking across to me from the main building.

"How's it looking?" he asked.

"Just perfect, honey; everything's just perfect. It's exactly as we planned, everything's finished in time for the arrival of the group tomorrow. The water's great, the secluded alcoves are, well, romantically secluded. I think we've done well."

"Maybe we should try them out," suggested Neil with a grin. He took my hand and led me to a secluded alcove, the hedging hiding us from the world and filling the air with a beautiful scent. We hugged each other, kissing gently as we felt the warmth and sensuousness of each other's body against our own.

"Mmmm, beautiful," I murmured after a long kiss.

"Let's try out the lounger," suggested Neil.

I looked at the comfortable, waterproof, outdoor lounger which had been designed as a seat for two or three people and was long enough for a person to fully lie down on. I sat down near one end, patting the seat beside me to invite Neil to join me. He looked at the seat, looked at me with my hair out of place, no makeup, working dress with a small tear near the hem, and smiled. He sat beside me and embraced me, kissing me gently as he held me and leant backwards, twisting as he did so, slowly lying down on the lounger and pulling me on top of him until we were both prone, Neil on his back, me on my stomach lying on his body. I felt a movement at the top of my legs and knew he was hardening up, ready for action. We kissed once more.

"We can't, honey, not here, not with the workers still here," I protested once the kiss ended and I felt his hand uncovering my ass, his fingers reaching between my legs.

"I thought we built these so they'd be secluded," he smiled, "Let's give them a trial run."

"But, honey, . . . "

My protest was cut short by his mouth covering mine as I felt his hands working to push my panties down my legs, then he unfastened his trousers and I felt his cock pressing against my naked pussy. I had to admit I felt horny; it had been several days since we'd had sex, what with doing all the planning and supervising of the alterations, so I wasn't too reluctant, but here? Now? I spread my legs apart, my knees each side of his legs, and in response I felt the head of his cock at my entrance. A slight wriggle and he was in me. Neil then pulled my skirt back down, covering our conjunction and we lay almost still. I could feel his cock pulsing inside me and I was sure he could feel my vaginal muscles responding. He moved his hands to undo the buttons down the front of the bodice of my dress, then he reached behind me and unfastened my bra and lifted it above my breasts before he cupped them in his hands, squeezing my nipples gently between his strong fingers and thumbs. I lay my head on his neck and soaked up the sensations. Oh, how I loved my man!

We lay like that for several minutes, moving just very slightly together, loving each other intimately, yet, to an observer, I was simply lying, clothed, on Neil. Still I jumped at the voice.

"I think that's it for now," said the workman as he peered around the end of the hedging.

"Thank you," I replied, without sitting up, my naked breasts still tight against Neil's chest, "Will you need to return Monday?" I noticed my bra and panties on the ground beside the lounger, a certain giveaway.

"No, we'll be back in a couple of weeks just to check on things. Have fun till then," he grinned, imagining the way he expected us to have fun.

"Oh, we will," I replied.

I waited a few seconds after he'd left then could hold it in no more. I buried my face against Neil's neck and giggled like a school girl for several minutes.

"Did you see the look on his face," I said, once I'd almost recovered, "If he'd only known that you're buried balls deep in my pussy!" I broke into more giggles, which I didn't attempt to hide. I felt Neil begin to move inside me more forcefully as he squeezed and twisted my nipples.

"Yes, well, he didn't, but he might have guessed. Anyway, they've gone now so we can fuck for real."

"Yes, sweetheart, we'll have to make this a symbolic christening of all the loungers and beds we've installed; we certainly haven't much hope of using each of them before tomorrow."

I sat up on Neil, feeling his cock enter me deeper with the better angle, his hands following my breasts before he reached up and pulled the bodice off my shoulders and down to my waist. I then reached down and supported myself on his shoulders as I moved back and forth on his cock, feeling the delicious sensations as his cock root pressed against my clit. His hands on my breasts sent pulses to my clit and I increased my tempo, my need increasing, intent only on cumming. I felt his hips responding, thrusting himself deeply inside me. I closed my eyes, feeling the feelings building inside, almost there, close, closer, then I felt Neil tense and a warm sensation fill my vagina as he spurted his seed inside me. It pushed me past the point of no return.

"AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH, YESSSSS, I'M CUMMMMINGGGGG!!!" I yelled to the trees, the earth and the sky.

Slowly I came down from my release and leaned forward onto Neil, my breasts, freed by his hands, pressing into his chest, our panting breath mingling as we kissed. In the distance I heard the engine of the workmen's truck start, then the truck drove away. They'd probably heard my scream, I thought, then smiled, hoping it had given them a thrill.

After a short time, I wriggled off Neil's floppy cock and stood beside the lounger. Neil lifted the hem of my dress, wiped his cock, then picked up my panties and bra from the ground.

"Leave your bodice off, darling," he commanded.

I grinned as I stood, my firm breasts naked, my nipples hard from arousal and the chilling air. I watched him stand up and complete his dressing, then stuff my panties and bra in his pocket.

"Let's go and inspect our estate," he said.

We walked arm in arm into each cabin, checking everything. Neil made a point of sliding a finger into my sloppy pussy in each cabin, a symbolic gesture, he called it. Then as the sun set behind the trees, we returned to our home in the main building.

***************************

"Where are you off to this weekend?" asked Katie as she watched Venus packing her bag.

"There's a singles weekend so I decided it was time I found a partner and this is as good a way as any," Venus replied with a grin.

"Really? What's the matter with dating sites?"

"Huh. I've had no luck with them. The guys are usually creeps and after only one thing."

"Yeah, well what's wrong with that? Fuck 'em then leave 'em. That's my motto anyway."

"Well, it's not mine; I want a partner, not just a one-night stand. Anyway, at worst it'll be a sexy weekend; at best, well, who knows?"

"Huh; well good luck with that anyway," concluded Katie as Venus blew her a kiss and headed out the door. As she walked away she felt a little embarrassed by her bravado with her flatmate. Had Katie only known her secret, she thought, her dreadful, embarrassing secret.

****************************

"I'll be off then," said Matt to his mother, who was cleaning up the kitchen after dinner.

"Ok, darling, but just be careful. There's lots of gold-digging women out there who are only after your money. Have you packed your condoms? There's lots of diseases out there and you never know where these women have been before. Now, give me a call when you arrive and I want to hear from you each evening." Condoms, he thought, oh how I hope to have the opportunity to use them! He had never had the courage to tell his Mom that every girl he'd ever been out with had rejected his advances; he was a loser, he thought, and would be all his life, he guessed.

"Mom, I'm 24, I know a bit about life and there's probably no reception out there. Anyway, I expect I'll be busy both when I arrive and each evening, so you'll just have to wait till I return to hear all about it."

Matt's mother wiped her hands on her apron. "Give me a kiss anyway," she demanded.

Matt kissed her on the cheek and turned quickly before she could turn it into anything more; he'd been trapped that way once and knew his mother was feeling abandoned after his Dad had left her a few months earlier, having run off with some woman twenty years his junior.

"'Bye, Mom," he said as he walked out of the kitchen, grabbing his bag as he left the house, wondering when his mother was going to let him grow up. He had high hopes for the weekend; none of the online dating sites had produced the woman of his dreams, so he'd decided to try a singles weekend and see what happened. It could only be better, he reasoned as he started his car and headed off to the country club.

******************************

Hank introduced himself and his girlfriend Tess to Neil and me, explaining that they had organized the singles club for a few years now but this was the first time they'd used the Country Club. 

"It looks like you've been pretty busy the past little while," he commented.

We mentioned what we'd been doing, commenting that their members would be the first to use many of the facilities. There were about thirty to forty people milling about, meeting others, chatting for a few minutes, parting or being joined by others; a typical group of young adults meeting each other for the first time. They all had small bags with their personal gear and many were testing the water for temperature. Hank decided it was time to start things off.

"Ok, ladies and gentlemen, can you please crowd around here and I'll introduce our hosts for the weekend, then we can get started," called Hank loudly.

The level of conversation slowly decreased and they gathered around. Hank introduced us to them and Neil indicated where things were and outlined the program as far as meals and sleeping arrangements were concerned. Then each person was allocated a room and given their key, and were informed that a light supper would be served in half an hour in the large communal room.

Matt took his key and went in search of his room. A shapely brunette took a few quick steps and then walked alongside him.

"Hi, I'm Venus," she said brightly.

Matt turned at her voice and gave her a quick once over.

"Hi Venus, I'm Matt. Pleased to meet you."

"Likewise," she agreed, "Feel like a swim?"

"Yeah, good idea; get some of the city of us, eh," he chuckled, "Your cabin over here too?"

"I hope so. I'm in cabin 32, how 'bout you?"

"34. Shouldn't be too far apart."

In fact, the cabins were alongside each other, the even numbers being on one side of the path, odd on the other. 

"Meet you here in a coupla minutes, Ok?"

"Sure," agreed Matt.

They met again a few minutes later, Matt in standard surfie style shorts while Venus was in a stunning red bikini which showed her figure off to perfection. Matt felt a stirring inside his shorts; oh no, not here, not yet he thought desperately. He allowed her to lead slightly while he held his towel in front of him to try to disguise the growing bulge as he surreptitiously watched her ass move beneath the thin, tight fabric of her bikini bottoms, feeling grateful that the evening twilight wasn't brighter. Once at the pool they tossed their towels onto a seat.

"Race you in," said Venus as she ran the few steps to the edge and dived in, surfacing quickly and swimming to the far side, beating Matt by several strokes. They turned around and leant against the pool side, sliding their feet out so the water came to their necks. For the next little while they chatted amiably about things in general. After a while their conversation turned to dating and each explained why they were at the weekend camp.

"So, what's your main goal this weekend?" asked Matt.

The thought, to get laid, passed through Venus' mind, but she decided that would not be a good way to continue this conversation, at least, not yet. "Well, there are several really," hedged Venus, "How about you?"

Matt hadn't picked up that she hadn't answered his question and decided that he really needed to grab the bull by the horns. He turned slightly towards her, wondering if she'd even talk to him after the confession he was about to make. Oh well, he thought, it has to come out sometime.

"Well, actually, it's a bit embarrassing really. I've been out with only a couple of girls, neither of whom found me attractive, nor I them, not like you," he blurted out, instantly wanting to retract the compliment as he thought it totally uncool. "I even still live at home with my mother," he admitted, looking away from her in embarrassment, which he knew would only increase in the next few seconds. "But, I guess that's not the main goal this weekend," he continued, before adding in a quiet voice: "This weekend I'd really like to lose my virginity."

There, it was out, he thought, waiting for Venus to laugh or to simply give him a scathing look and swim away. She did neither. While he'd been talking he noticed she'd been watching him. Her only response was to look away before replying.

"That's my main goal this weekend too," she said quietly, then she turned to look at him, concerned in case he would swim away and leave her standing there.

They stood like that for what seemed like hours but was probably less than a minute. Then Matt felt Venus slip her hand into his under the water and give it a gentle squeeze. Simultaneously they turned their faces towards each other and smiled. Without thinking too much about it, Matt leant towards her and his lips met hers briefly in a kiss. He moved them away from her quickly, not wanting to appear too pushy or presumptuous. Quick as a flash Venus took her other hand from the water and placed it around the back of his head, pulling him back into the kiss. For the first time in his life he felt a woman's tongue insinuate itself between his lips and teeth to explore the inside of his mouth. The small kiss quickly developed into a breath-taking lovers' kiss lasting several minutes.

"Sorry, I hope you didn't mind," said Venus breathlessly as they ended the kiss, "I somehow just had to kiss you properly."

"No, I didn't mind at all," replied Matt, feeling his cock fully hard now, tenting his shorts. He was very grateful for the fading light and the water to hide his arousal.

"I'm so pleased. It felt wonderful and I know my pussy's all wet, and not just from pool water either. How did it feel for you?"

"Mmm, yeah, it was great," murmured Matt, concerned at the direction the conversation was taking.

Venus grinned up at him. "I'll bet you're aroused too," she said, reaching towards the front of his shorts. Matt felt her hand touch the fabric and trace that outwards, then to his dismay, it closed around his erection as a look of triumph appeared on Venus' face. "You are," she said with a grin. "I'm so pleased you liked my kiss."

Matt wished the earth could have opened up and swallowed him right then and there. However, he realized after a few seconds that he had been kissed, aroused and now touched, well, only through thin fabric, by this wonderfully uninhibited girl. Young woman, he reminded himself.

"Yes, I did like the kiss and I like you holding my penis, even though I feel totally embarrassed, but it's nice; really nice."

"I'm pleased you like it," Venus replied, giving him a quick peck on the cheek. "You hungry yet? For food, I mean," she laughed.

Matt realized he was, but he also realized that he had a problem; he couldn't just leap out of the pool because everyone would see his arousal, but while he was here with Venus he knew it was unlikely to go down. He discussed this with Venus for a few seconds, and she thought it was hilarious.
