 Katherine's Initiation Ceremony

Next Friday week, Katherine and I stood in her office at St. Paul's church and removed our overcoats. It had been unseasonably chilly that day. 

"Well," she said. "I guess we're going to find out about the Reverend Petersen's little group of perverts now." With that, she shivered and gave me a resigned look. 

In the side wall of her office was a small door that I had assumed was a storage closet. Katherine led me to this door and produced a key, but when opened, the door led down a flight of stairs toward the church basement. As we descended, I could feel heat rising in waves. Apparently, the church's furnaces had been turned up to chase any chill that might shrink the flesh. 

At the bottom, I found myself in a small room like a large closet with garment racks. The gowns for the choir hung in neat rows of scarlet and gold, the colours of the church crest. On chairs sat our welcoming committee, the Reverend Petersen and his lovely wife, Janice, flanked by male and some female members of the church board. All were garbed in choir gowns. I could also see that all were naked underneath.

"Welcome," declared the Reverend, rising to take Katherine by the arm. Looking her full in the face, he paused as if to connect with her inner spirit. Katherine almost melted in the heat of the desire she saw in his eyes. 

"Let us prepare you, my dear. I've dreamt of this moment for a long time, and now my dream has come true. Praise the Lord." He smiled over at his wife, and she smiled back in acknowledgement of her husband's lust for Katherine. 

Leading Katherine to the gowns, Reverend Petersen selected one of appropriate size for her and draped it over his arm. "Please disrobe, my dear, but just down to your undergarments. Then put on this nice gown. Then you will be ready to join our happy gathering."

As Katherine was doing this, Janice came over to me and took my arm in a familiar way, pressing her lithe body against mine. "Let's get you a gown too. You're going to be part of our evening service too, you know. I think you know you will enjoy the evening's proceedings." She gave me a broad wink.

As she selected a gown and handed it to me, I raised my eyebrows in question. She understood the question. "No," she responded, "you will be as nature made you, as we are now, totally naked." 

So I slowly removed my jumper, shirt, trousers, socks, and shoes, handing them to her one at a time to place on a shelf with the others' clothing. Then as she stared at my body, I hesitantly pulled down my underpants and exposed my penis and testicles to her intense hungry gaze, and I realized with a start that she wanted to use my body. 

She moved intently closer as I stepped out of the garment, and she reached down to grasp my slack member and gently rub its mushroom head. I felt a surge of desire to see what was beneath her gown, but instead, I acknowledged her lust with a knowing smile and shrugged on the gown she handed me.

The gowning room had an upper door, through which we had come, and two lower doors, one to the right and one to the left. I realized that the door to the right led to the hall in the church basement where the choir practised and gathered before Sunday services. The door to the left was locked. 

This door the Reverend now unlocked with an ancient key and led us down another set of stairs into another room deeper below the west narthex.

As I entered, I was astonished and aroused. It was like a medieval dungeon. The walls were of hewn stone, a foundation of great antiquity and rough majesty. Along the walls were flickering candles that gave the room a sacred glow, although the overhead lights were modern electric ones, and wooden benches covered with ornate cushions. 

The floor was thickly carpeted. The far end of the room was curtained, and near that end of the room on the floor was a raised platform with an odd piece of furniture mounted on it.

The Reverend paused when the group had all emerged into this room, the setting for the society's debaucheries. A nod of his head motioned the members of the Fellowship into two lines that extended from the doorway to the platform at the other end of the room. As they moved to take their places, their footsteps were muffled by the thick carpet on the floor. All went quiet as they stood in silent anticipation of a solemn church ceremony.

Janice took my arm and led me to one side to witness the proceedings. I found myself standing beside a cabinet set against the wall. Through its glass doors, I could see dildos and whips and other instruments of sexual punishment. 

Reverend Petersen was whispering words of encouragement to Katherine, who was now looking wildly about her as she stood beside him at the head of the double row of waiting Fellowship members. As this continued, soft music arose from a hidden CD player, something that sounded like a hymn. I looked for it and decided it must come from behind the curtain at the end of the room, but my attention was arrested by the furniture on the platform in front of the curtain. 

The raised stage was surrounded by lights and cameras on tripods at every conceivable level and angle. In the centre of the platform, the strange piece of furniture resembled a doctor's examination table. Its soft crimson satin cover reminded me of the blue satin on the mattress in Mrs. Wilkins' living room on which Katherine and I had performed the act of love several times. 

At the head of the table were a pillow and a thick post with a ring attached to it. Most obvious were the stirrups projecting from the sides of the table close to the end, each designed to fit and secure a feminine foot.

My attention was interrupted by the Reverend Petersen, who began to address the group. "Let me introduce our daughter Katherine to our Fellowship," he intoned. "It is our belief, like the Tantras of ancient India, that God gave us sexuality so that we can escape our sinful selves and arrive in spirit to a place closer to the condition of heaven. " 

I glanced at Janice and found her looking quite serious about this, certainly quite committed to whatever sexual activities had been planned. 

"Thus," he continued, "whatever leads us to sexual ecstasy and the ultimate orgasm elevates us to a spiritual communion unlike any other. We do not just worship together; we worship INSIDE each other, and we endow our partners with the divine and life-giving essence of sperm and egg." 

"So then," he paused, "let us now worship Katherine together. As we initiate her into full membership, we reveal a woman previously concealed." 

Katherine seemed to find his deep, calm voice and touch quite reassuring, for which I was grateful, and so she allowed Reverend Petersen to take her arm and lead her forward between the rows of church members.

After three strides forward with Katherine, the Reverend stopped and the members chanted, "We reveal her." 

The Reverend then gently removed her gown and handed it to the woman beside him. The members chanted, "She is revealed". 

Clad now only in bra and panties, Katherine was startled to receive hard slaps on her perfect, panty-clad arse from men and women in opposite rows of the procession. 

She looked to Petersen, but the Reverend showed no emotion, and Katherine realized this was a prescribed action in the ritual of her initiation. So she tried to show a similar lack of emotion as men from opposite sides of the gauntlet, slightly in front of her, reached forward and grabbed her breasts through the thin fabric of her bra. 

After a few moments of vigorous breast fondling and nipple pinching that left her red-faced and breathing hard, the Reverend took her arm and escorted her on down the gauntlet, guiding her with a firm hand.

After several more steps, he stopped and the members again chanted, "We reveal her." Katherine's eyes opened wide as she felt the snaps on her bra band disengaged and her bra gently pulled forward away from her breasts and down her arms. 

The Reverend handed the garment to the man beside him and gently embraced her from behind, fondling her nipples. The members chanted, "She is revealed." 

Two male Fellowship members placed themselves in front of her, each taking a nipple in his mouth, sucking and biting it as the Reverend held Katherine's breasts up and forward so they could be abused. 

"Ah, ah, ah" yelped Katherine, throwing her head back. She didn't know whether this was appropriate, but the pain and pleasure was intense. The members watching along the rows seemed to enjoy her discomfort, and some reached inside their gowns to fondle their genitals. 

After a few moments, the men fondling her breasts returned to their places in the line. Again Petersen took Katherine's arm and guided her with solemn steps between the lines. Members reached out as she passed to slap and pinch her naked breasts. They reached a spot near the end of the corridor of Fellowship members and stopped. 

There he turned her to face them. The members again chanted, "We reveal her." 

Petersen stepped behind her and knelt, placing his fingers in the band of her panties and pulling them slowly and lasciviously down her legs and off, drawing out the revelation of her mossy cunt mound to hungry male eyes, leaving her standing alone fully nude. 

Katherine naked was a goddess of desire. The members all stared pointedly at the voluptuous valley between her full creamy thighs with its luxurious thatch of chestnut pubic hair and pouting pussy lips with its vermilion slit.

"She is revealed," they chanted. The two members at the end of the line then reached forward with their hands. The male on her left caressed the magnificent globes of her bare arse and then slid his middle finger down her crack and inserted it up into her brown bum hole, pushing it up inside repeatedly and crooking it inside to feel around the warm walls of her rectum. 

The woman on her right covered her pussy mound with her hand and expertly explored the cleft of her labia with her middle finger, moving it up and down to locate her clitoris, rubbing it with a circular motion, and insinuating two fingers inside to feel her vaginal vault. 

"Ooooh aah aaah," sighed Katherine with a sudden intake of breath, her breasts heaving and her face flushed. 

During these long moments, Katherine wondered whether she wanted this public exposure and humiliation to end or whether she wanted the surging desire engendered in her loins by this wanton stimulation of her arse and pussy to continue. 

Two more Fellows approached her from the front and pinched her nipples, pulling her breasts into cones. As the abuse of her body built her desire, it suddenly stopped; the Fellows invading her private parts quit her body and returned to their positions in line.

The Reverend Petersen then addressed her. "Katherine Handley, daughter of Eve, behind you the Altar of the Fellowship awaits to bestow its blessings on you and to initiate you into full membership in this divine church Fellowship." He waved his hand at the table on the dais. 

"The privilege and responsibility of first sexual encounter with you on the Altar is mine as Primate of the Fellowship. But first, you must affirm your willingness to join us. I will ask you three questions. Each time you will answer, 'I give myself to you.' Do you understand?" 

Katherine nodded, somewhat hesitantly. "Yes," she replied in a voice shaken with emotion. 

It was all getting quite real, and she still did not know exactly what was to come. She did reflect to herself, somewhat sardonically, that it was quite likely that she herself would have an orgasm, and possibly several times. That couldn't be bad, could it?

"Katherine Handley, do you give your beautiful, naked body to this Divine Fellowship to pleasure its Members however and whenever and wherever they please?"

"I give myself to you" replied Katherine in as neutral a tone as she could manage.

"Katherine Handley, will you keep your body clean and free of disease, and fully protected with birth control medication so that Fellowship Members can discharge their precious sex fluids into you in the full realization of their sexual pleasure without fear of pregnancy and paternity?"

"I give myself to you" replied Katherine, looking a little miffed that they would have to ask that. Of course, she would, like any sensible lady about to embark on a life of debauchery and sexual depravity.

"Katherine Handley, will you keep the secret of the Fellowship and not reveal its existence to anyone, except those to whom you may be directed from time to time by the Primate?"

"I give myself to you" replied Katherine, wondering as she did so what that promise meant. Was she to be used to recruit new members?

Katherine didn't have time to ponder the latter as Reverend Petersen now stepped forward and took Katherine by the arm and led her up onto the stage. 

With thermostat turned up high and the furnace roaring, I felt quite comfortable sitting there nude under my choir gown, feeling like a naughty choir boy as I played with my penis in expectation of the show that would unfold on the stage. 

I didn't feel naughty enough yet to reach over and fondle Janice's pussy as she sat beside me, but one glance told me she knew just what I was thinking.

Meanwhile, one of the Fellowship called Joshua busied himself setting up lights and cameras, both still and video. It seems that Katherine had overheard the Reverend correctly outside the minister's office door. They were making video recordings of this perverted sex ceremony.

Joshua flipped a switch and the lights above dimmed. He flipped another and a bank of spots mounted on the ceiling illuminated the two figures on the stage in a blaze of blue light. He flipped another and a large-screen monitor came to life showing Katherine and Reverend Petersen standing at the foot of the sacrificial Altar of the Fellowship. 

It was going to be quite show, and it was going to be filmed. Katherine looked around at the cameras and her mouth tightened with fear. What would these men do with the pictures they took of her naked body?

Suddenly, the curtains behind Katherine that concealed the end of the room began to inch their way open. Slowly they revealed two rows of chairs reflected dimly in the light from the stage. On them were seated some startlingly familiar faces: Mrs. Wilkins and some of the young couple who participated in her living room sex sessions! 

The young people were nude, their pale skin glowing in the diffuse light, and they were touching each other in anticipation of the sex show unfolding in front of them. 

It would seem that Mrs. Wilkins had added a rider to her deal with the Reverend. She and selected friends, all members of the Fellowship, would be allowed to view Katherine's initiation. She wore her loose fitting blouse that permitted access to her bosom, and a loose skirt that could be hiked up when she needed to administer to her quim with her fingers. I doubted that she wore underwear this evening.

With the audience now revealed, it was time for Reverend Petersen to take centre stage and initiate proceedings on Katherine's naked body.

The Reverend Petersen was a performer, no doubt. The broad, confidant smile on his face radiated warmth and concern for the woman standing nude and mute beside him. 

"My friends," he began, "we gather here to celebrate the union of man and woman in the intimate embrace of coitus and in so doing, to welcome to our secret circle two new members: Katherine Handley, female, whom you know as our efficient and gracious church secretary and who has taken the vows of the Fellowship, and her friend, Norman Glossop, who has joined by virtue of his commitment to the work of the church. Praise be the Lord." 

He inclined his head in my direction. I nodded in acknowledgement of this signal privilege. Janice beside me squeezed my hand and then reached into my crotch and squeezed my cock.

Four men of the Fellowship came forward now, the most senior Fellows, to help secure Katherine to the Altar, the others taking seats on folding chairs along the edge of the stage, taking care not to get in the way of the cameras. 

The four who now surrounded Katherine were Morris Halpern, the Personnel Committee Chair, a huge smile on his face that presumably meant he was glad to finally be able to consummate his raging passion for Katherine which had been kindled months previously. Alan Sweet chaired the Finance Committee; Horace Garrard, the Outreach Committee; and Leonard Ponsonby, the Property Committee. They were all quite wealthy with reputations as shrewd professionals and businessmen, pillars of the Brighton community. 

The Reverend Petersen now turned to his audience, who were leaning forward in anticipation of enjoying the sacrifice of Katherine's naked body on the Fellowship's Altar of Lust.

Turning to Katherine, he declared, "My dear Katherine. In this first venture into our Fellowship, you will discover a world of debauchery and perversion that will paradoxically lift you to the heights of passion and pass you into a spiritual realm known only to those sexual sophisticates with the courage to doff their clothing and risk exposing themselves to the Fates."

"We are those corrupt seekers of pleasure and we welcome you to our Fellowship. When you have survived this ritual, you will be a full member with all its rights and privileges and you will have found your inner sexual self." He paused, and Katherine held her breath. What did he mean by "survive"? What were they going to do to her? 

As her thoughts raced, the Reverend continued. "Our ceremony demands that the female initiate be restrained while we carry out its prescribed rituals of intimacy." He paused again, nodding to the audience, who seemed to know what was about to happen.

He shot a glance at Katherine standing naked beside him. "Yes, Katherine. You will submit and suffer, and through that suffering, you will find an aroused state of being like no other. This is our gift to you tonight. Behold," he swept his hand around the room, "others before you, like Janice, and Sofia there in the audience, have all been laid on this Altar of the Fellowship and experienced its sorrows and its joys." 

Katherine searched Sofia's face for confirmation. She had seen Sofia submit to other men and to me at Mrs. Wilkins' voyeur parties, but now she realized Sofia had joined the Fellowship and been initiated. Sofia nodded with a wry grin. 

Katherine swung round to where Janice and I sat with the other Fellows behind her, locked eyes with Janice, and raised her eyebrows in question. Janice's nod of affirmation was vigorous. I wondered whether Katherine had seen Janice's hand under my robe, gently massaging my penis. 

"Yes, Katherine. We offer you here a unique and remarkable experience you will never forget. It will teach you to submit willingly to any and all perverted demands the Fellowship makes on your sweet body, and there will no longer be need of restraint." He smiled reassuringly, and Katherine seemed to relax into a resigned acceptance of her immediate fate on the Altar of the Fellowship.

The four church men on the platform advanced to Katherine's side. They picked her up by the legs and shoulders and transported her to the Altar table and laid her on her back on the soft crimson satin, her head resting on a white fluffy pillow, her chestnut tresses forming a tableau. 

They retrieved leather straps from under the table and attached them to her wrists and ankles. Halpern roughly grabbed her wrists, pulled them up over her head, and secured them to a ring embedded in the post at the head of the table. Garrard and Ponsonby each took an ankle and pulled it outwards away from the Altar and into a stirrup, where they fastened each ankle securely with its strap. It was done quickly before she could react. 
