 This is the second in a series.

*

We were both a little nervous and excited as we drove to the club that next day. I was going to meet the woman who had fucked my wife and the man who had been in the same room and come on her. Mercy was going to see them for the first time since that day.

They put us at ease right away. They were very friendly and acted as if everything was perfectly normal. Cindy had cute short hair that made her look athletic. She had nice size boobs, well over a handful but not nearly as big as Mercy's. Dave was handsome in a boyish way. I never had any desire to have sex with a man but if I had to he would be on the acceptable list. 

It took me a few minutes to realize Mercy had a 'flirt crush'. She was smiling at him and laughing at all his jokes, even the ones that weren't so good. I wasn't jealous because I understood her feelings and didn't feel threatened.

Dave was a little better tennis player than he had made himself out to be. I felt competitive with him like I had to prove I was the manlier man, even though it was a very friendly match. I kept thinking of seeing Dave and Cindy naked. It was distracting at first but then I turned it too my advantage. I imagined they were playing tennis naked. After that I played better than usual. We ended up losing in a tiebreaker. We shook hands and walked over to the bench for a water break.

"Switch partners?" Dave asked. Everyone agreed. I wondered if we were just talking about tennis.

Things got really interesting during the second set. Mercy and Dave hit it off very well. They spent time between points discussing strategy, standing very close together and whispering, smiling, and laughing. They jumped out to a 4-1 lead. They were high-fiving and knocking knuckles after points.

Just about the time I started to get nervous Cindy came over to me much closer than she needed to, and put her arm around me very close to my ass. 

"What do you think about changing strategy."

I smiled at her and put my hand on her shoulder. 

"That sounds great."

We worked out a signal system for the next game. I almost felt like a teenager touching her. The excitement was electric, especially when she squeezed my ass as we broke apart.

It was my serve. The signal system helped a little with Mercy but was lethal against Dave. Cindy could read him like she could see through his skull. She intercepted both of his returns at the net and put them away. I was turned on watching her move, staring at her ass where she held her hand for the signal, seeing her smile at me when we won a point. We won the game easily and clanked our racquets together.

Cindy put her hand on my shoulder this time and walked me back to the baseline. It was Mercy's serve. She told me that Dave was getting a little frustrated and now would be a good time to lob. I did, it was short, and he slammed it into the net. Cindy took Mercy's next serve and slammed it right at Dave who netted his volley. We won the game easily and took the next two through our strategy and Dave's errors.

We won Cindy's serve again. Dave double faulted a couple times and was down 15-30 when Mercy gave him a pep-talk. She put her arm around Dave's waist and guided him back to the baseline where they had a long talk. I saw her hand go to his ass before they parted. Whatever she said worked. Or maybe it was the hand on the ass. He won the next three points. They had one more strategy session before the tiebreaker and then Mercy squeezed his ass. He played possessed and they took it easily.

Mercy dropped her racquet and ran to him saying "Bryan Brothers". He looked puzzled at first but then jumped up in the air just in time and they bumped chests in midair. I saw Mercy's bouncing breasts squash against Dave's hard chest.

Cindy and I asked for a rematch and they accepted. As we walked back into position she put her arm on my shoulders and we put our heads together. I was dying to turn my eyes downward to peak in her blouse, but I put my head a little closer to hers instead. "Let's just have fun."

We did. We won the first game. Mercy hit Dave in the back of the head with a serve and started to apologize before breaking down laughing. It went downhill for them from there. They couldn't do anything right and we won 6-2. But they had more fun.

We met at the bench after the match. Mercy suggested we go out for lunch. Dave looked at me and said we were too sweaty. Cindy invited us to their house where we could shower and then just eat there.. After a little polite protesting it was settled. 

We went out to our cars. Dave suggested Mercy ride with him and it was all decided before I got to voice an opinion. Cindy climbed in next to me. I thought she might bring up the club or something but she just talked and made me feel at ease. We flirted some and I was in a great mood by the time we pulled into their driveway.

Cindy and Dave's house was very nice without being ostentatious. It was a large ranch with beautiful landscaping. Dave showed me to the guest bedroom and shower while Cindy took Mercy out to the pool house shower. Dave gave me some clothes to borrow, a pair of shorts and a Hawaiian shirt before leaving to take his own shower. It was only after he left that I realized I couldn't find any underwear.

I felt a little embarrassed by my outfit, especially as I was going commando, but Dave met me in the hallway dressed in a similar fashion, except his shirt was unbuttoned. His physique was impressive. As we came downstairs I undid my shirt too. I was pleasantly surprised to see both Cindy and Mercy in skimpy bikinis covered by flimsy pool robes. 

I can't remember the last time Mercy had worn a two-piece, and she had never worn one like this. The bottom barely covered her pussy and only part of her firm ass, while the top came just above her nipples, showcasing her fantastic natural breasts. Dave somewhat discreetly admired her body. I was admiring her body while try not to ogle Cindy, who had the smaller breasts but a tighter sexier ass and muscles in all the right places.

Cindy and Dave went into the house and emerged with a bottle of wine and some bread, cheese, and fruit. I tried not to be too obvious checking out Cindy's gorgeous body going and coming. 

"This is the best we can do", Dave said, "I hope it's satisfactory."

We assured him that it was great, and that was before we tasted the food. I had one gentle sip of the wine and it was the best Cabernet I had ever had. Mercy spread some cheese on the fresh bed and gave it to me. When it hit my tongue it was in ecstasy.  

We talked about the tennis and other small things. We started talking about music. It turned out Dave was a big Led Zeppelin fan, just like Mercy. The conversation turn towards books and Mercy and Dave liked some of the same authors too, several fairly obscure. They were both into learning the accordion.

Finally Cindy said,"OK you two -- you can talk later, let's have a swim"

Dave said, "We need desert first."

We finished up lunch and Dave uncovered a plate of brownies. Some had red ribbons on them.

"The ones with the red ribbons are regular, the others are right out of the Alice B. Toklas cookbook with a little of our own garnish."

I hesitated for a moment. I liked marijuana in my twenties, but hadn't had any for some time. I waited to follow Mercy's lead, Dave and Cindy both grabbed one and then Mercy took one too.

"We have an extra room if you don't want to drive home tonight."

That was the only excuse I needed. 

"All right", said Cindy, "Pool time."

"Sounds good", said Dave, "I'll go get a couple pairs of swimming trunks -- if I can find them,"

"We usually just go au natural." said Cindy, "Dave only uses a suit when we got to the beach."

She turned to Dave. "Why don't you guys just go in your briefs? It'll be more fun that way."

Dave said,"Good idea, we're all friends here now"

. We stripped off our shirts, though I lagged behind. He unfastened his shorts and let them drop, revealing a pair of blue jockey briefs with a good-sized well defined bulge. That got Mercy's attention. 

Dave turned towards me. "Ready?"

"I didn't see any underwear, I'm going commando."

I expected him to say he would get me some or get me swim trunks. Instead he said, "OK, I guess I'll have to join you." 

He took of his shorts. His cock was as good as advertised and while not hard enough to show the legendary bend, it was definitely ready for action on short notice. 

I was at a total loss. We had gone off script and I didn't know my line. Dave looked at me expectantly. Mercy had already seen him naked but she was admiring him again and wasn't hiding it. 

Cindy didn't let the momentum slip. "It's not fair to embarrass our guests. I'll go bottomless too." 

She pulled off the bottom half of her bikini. I caught a quick glimpse of her pussy before she dove into the pool to give me a little more privacy.

I felt my cock starting to harden. It was decision time. I unzipped my shorts and let them fall, and jumped in the pool before Cindy had turned around. As I broke the surface I heard a splash and knew Mercy was in..

We swam around for a while just cooling off. Mercy and I hung out at one end making occasional contact while Cindy and Doug hung out at the other, making more frequent contact, their hands disappearing below the surface.

I thought about our situation. The gradualism had snagged her. If Mercy had been presented with the choice this morning of playing tennis with Dave and Cindy and then going to their house for lunch and swimming bottomless she never would have said yes. But the small steps had become a logical journey that she acquiesced to. I wondered what else might happen

Dave made his way over with a soft medium-sized hard foam football. 

"Ready for a little keep-away? Men against women, losers make dinner."

"Sure" I replied, not asking how you determined a winner.

"Ladies get the ball first. First team to make eight passes wins."

Cindy grabbed the ball out of Dave's hands and passed quickly to Mercy. She passed it back to Cindy and then moved for the return before we realized what was going on. Dave went after Mercy so I moved towards Cindy. Cindy released a pass that Mercy snagged. 

"Four-zip!"

Dave had Mercy well covered and I closed in on Cindy in the deep end. Just as I turned towards them I heard Dave's voice.

"Ball!"

I turned back towards Cindy and saw her paddling away from me. I took two big strokes toward her and then propelled myself out of the water towards her with my arms raised. I felt the ball graze the inside of my arm. I brought my arms down towards Cindy to try to break up a potential completion. I felt my thumb snag on fabric as my momentum carried me beneath the surface.

I popped up to the surface to see Cindy holding the ball. I then saw her beautiful wet breasts, her bikini top floating next to her. I was awestruck, but when she cocked her arm to throw, my instincts took over and I leapt out of the water going up and towards her, my hands extended. It was only when my crotch broke the water I remembered I was naked. 

The ball went through my arms again, again grazing my forearm. 

I came down on top of Cindy, my arms sliding down and grazing her body, my left forearm encountering her upper breast and then her stiff nipple. I felt a little more than I needed to, accidentally on purpose. I stared at her a moment, taking in that we were both naked and only a few feet apart.

"Rich!!!" 

It was Dave calling me. I turned around just in time to intercept a perfect spiral heading right for my nose. We exchanged two more quick passes before Cindy and Mercy had time to move in on us. 

Cindy moved quickly. I backpedaled in the shallow end but bumped up against the wall. I cocked my arm and she reacted by leaping into the air towards me. I heaved the ball blindly towards where I thought Dave was while my mind was starting to get diverted towards Cindy's dripping torso and bouncing breasts crashing down on me. Her arms came down on my shoulders as her whole body made contact with me. I just had time to brace myself. She bounced against me but didn't rebound, her body pressing against mine. She turned to look at Dave and Mercy but maintained contact with me. My cock started to harden and when it pressed against her I was lost for a moment.

I realized Dave had the ball and Mercy was in hot pursuit. I stepped back and around Cindy. She lost her balance and I was able to swim towards the middle of the pool. Mercy was all over Dave but he just lobbed the ball in my direction and I was able to snag it easily.

""That's five in a row." said Dave.

Cindy was moving as fast as she could, taking big strides out of the shallow in towards me, I watched her longer than I needed to. She was sexy.

"Mercy, we can't let them win. Don't let Dave get the ball. Do whatever you have to!"

Mercy had played basketball in college and she had Dave covered. I was avoiding Cindy though, so it was only a matter of time before he would break open. Suddenly Mercy grabbed the front of her bikini top from underneath and pulled it over her head in one quick motion. 

I was stunned. I never expected this. The look in Dave's eyes as he looked at her sent thrills through my body. It was just about the sexiest thing I had ever seen. I was paralyzed as Cindy hit me from the side, grabbing my cock and then knocking the ball out of my grasp; 

Cindy moved away from me in the deep end. I was a little stunned. She stood up and I admired her body, water dripping from her hair down her breasts and off of her erect nipples. She was beautiful She threw a pretty pass. I looked over to see Dave admiring Mercy's body instead of covering her. She snagged the ball and readied to throw it back to Cindy.

I had recovered by this time and moved towards Cindy as Dave pursued Mercy.

Cindy started teasing me in a firm sexy voice.

"Did Mercy tell you all about our adventure yesterday afternoon?"

I nodded, watching her eyes for signs of a throw.

"Did she tell you about Dave?"

I nodded again.

"Did she tell you the part where she gave him a hand job while I was fucking her with the strap-on?"

I didn't nod this time. Cindy took two steps back and snagged the pass from Mercy. I moved aggressively towards her, almost angrily. Cindy side-stepped me and cocked her arm.

"Did she tell you about sucking his cock while I fucked her doggie-style?"

I lunged towards her, my hard dick breaking the surface of the water, as she heaved the ball towards Mercy. I waved my arms fruitlessly and then came crashing down on her. 

I wrapped my arms around her upper torso feeling her breasts against my left arm while I pressed my crotch into her side. She turned in my arms to face me and kissed me with an open mouth. 

Before I could react she pushed off from me.

"Easy cowboy, there will be a time for that later."

She swam towards Dave and Mercy. Mercy was holding the ball victoriously. Dave climbed out of the pool, his bent cock bobbing, and grabbed some towels, distributing one to each of us. 

I dried off quickly and wrapped the towel around myself and joined the others. Mercy and Cindy were each in their own double-wide padded pool recliners, covered by towels. Dave was behind a pool bar.

"What's your pleasure?"

He had already made margaritas for the women and had poured himself a dark beer. After what Cindy had just told me I wanted something stronger. 

"Bourbon on the rocks."

He got a decent sized glass, threw a couple of cubes in it, and then gave me a very generous pouring of Maker's Mark. Cindy got up to help with the drinks. I took the bourbon from her and took a big hit of mine. My throat was burning.

"Easy Rich, I want you alert later. I just made that stuff up about Mercy so she and I could win the game."

She smiled at me lasciviously and joined Dave on his chair. Mercy beckoned me to ours. 

We sipped our drinks and enjoyed the perfect weather. I felt Mercy's body next to mine and then her free hand started to stroke my chest and legs. My towel began to rise. I looked over at Dave and Cindy to see if they noticed. They were even farther along. I was really feeling the affects of the brownies. Mercy whispered to me that she was also.

"Well Rich" Dave said, "I guess you and I will be cooking later. But right now I'm in the mood for some loving."

With that he pulled Cindy's towel off of her and began to kiss her passionately as he pulled her to him. Mercy grabbed my attention by ripping my towel off of me and taking my cock into her mouth.

She sucked me more passionately than she had since we first started dating. She worshiped my penis with her tongue. I was in ecstasy, and I got to watch Dave seducing Cindy too. She was hot and ready to go in no time. He slipped up between her legs and I saw his dog-legged cock, big and stiff, just before he entered her.

Mercy popped my cock out of her mouth and scrambled up on top of me, quickly inserting my rigid dick into her moist pussy. She began to slowly ride me as she too peaked over at Cindy and Dave. 

Cindy was already nearing an orgasm while Dave pumped her steadily. Her sighs of desire and pleasure grew louder and louder and made both Mercy and me tighten with pleasure. Suddenly Cindy tumbled over the edge, her face and voice wanton with release, Dave continuing to work his magic cock in and out.

I looked over at Cindy's face and I couldn't contain myself any longer. I let out a loud guttural sound of pleasure as I felt my semen coursing out of my balls, through my cock, and deep into Mercy's pussy. Dave followed suit and Mercy was right behind, riding me with her wet swinging hair and swaying breasts, more beautiful than ever. They both finished their runs and collapsed on us.

We lay there in rapture for a few minutes before Dave finally rose up and addressed us all.

"Switch partners?"

"What?" I thought, but did not say.

It was like a dream. I was underwater and couldn't move. Before I could react Mercy was off of me and on her way to Dave, who had released Cindy to me. I had a split second to decide if this is what I wanted and then I decided by not deciding. 

Dave was either already stiff again or had never powered down. Mercy acted as if I never existed and Dave had always been her lover as she smiled playfully into his eyes before taking his cock in her mouth and sucking off Cindy's juices.

I was excited but not hard when Cindy lay down next to me. I resorted to my usual cure for that and slipped between her legs to lick her pussy. Only after I was committed did I remember I would be eating Dave's cum. 

It was strange tasting another woman's pussy after so many years, especially with another man's cum. I had eaten out Mercy a few times with my cum in her after I had fucked her and she hadn't come.

I liked it. I lapped her lips and fucked her with my tongue, then pulled her lips gently with my teeth as I tongued them. I snaked my hands up to her round breasts and cupped the sides as I pinched her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers, then twisted them mildly back and forth like I was tuning her in for an orgasm..

I heard Mercy panting with pleasure from the other chair and I licked Cindy with more vigor. Mercy's tone and volume increased. Rising rapidly and then she was over the top and crying Dave's name as she came. That was like an ice cube in my aorta but my cock liked it and Cindy did too. Her pussy contracted three times quickly and then she writhed as she climaxed while I slipped my hands on her ass to pin her crotch to my mouth and lapped the length of her split repeatedly until she finally pushed me away. 

I wasted no time scrambling up to mount her, pushing my eager cock into her still quivering cunt. I came a lot quicker than I had hoped to, but she was happy from her orgasm. As I was recovering I looked over to see Dave and Mercy's naked bodies entwined, watching us with amusement and pleasure. Mercy was gently stroking Dave's tumescent cock while he lightly played with her pussy. 
