 To "Luna": you are in fact the exact opposite, always bright and sunshine. You helped inspire this daydream fantasy, and I know there's only more to come.

To B, Q, J, my twisted, tattooed knight in black armor, thank you for your editing eye and the very large role you played in this and so many other fantasies mixed with memories. This was written for you. Always, yours.

*****************************************

Sara flops onto the new couch with a smile and a slight sigh of relief. She glances over to Luna who was making herself comfortable on the other side of the couch and another grin tugged at her lips. After all the moving it felt nice to finally sit still and enjoy some peace and quiet in the new place. Sara stretches her arms above her head, Jake's t-shirt riding up her pale curves before she stretches forward to grab the remote. Flicking something random onto the TV Sara settles back down into the couch, scooting closer to Luna as they both settle in to watch. Before long however, Sara realizes her gaze has focused more on Luna and less on the TV, eyeing her friend's curves hidden slightly by her loose t-shirt and shorts. Sara slowly dragged her tongue along her bottom lip as her eyes drag up to find Luna's gaze fixed on her own, smiling as she presses in closer. Sara leans over to meet Luna's soft lips in a kiss, one of her hands sliding up to gently dig into Luna's blonde curls as they kissed.

Luna gasps softly as their soft lips are pressed together in a warm kiss, Sara's body slowly crawling and moving her body above Luna's before letting her weight settle down onto Luna as their kiss deepens. Sara's fingers drag through Luna's curls before her fingertips begin to dance lower, starting to explore the soft warm body stretched out underneath her. Sara smiles as she pulls back slightly from their kiss, Sara's green eyes flicking down to watch her fingers disappear underneath Luna's shirt, pushing it up as fingers explore her now exposed flesh. Sara sits up just enough to slowly drag the shirt up and over Luna's head, small hands coming to rest cupping Luna's now bare breasts, squeezing as her hips grind gently down into Luna's.

Sara flashes a grin as she gazes into Luna's blue eyes before she tugs her own shirt slowly up and over her head, dropping it next to the couch as her hips steadily and slowly rock against Luna. She slips further down Luna's body and slowly tugs her shorts down her hips, taking the cute little panties down with them. She glances up to meet Luna's eyes with a grin as she licks her lips slowly before dipping her head down. Her hands gently grip Luna's thighs and spread them apart, settling between them as her tongue darts out to drag along Luna's exposed bare pussy. A gasping moan slips from Luna's lips as Sara's tongue starts to explore up and down her wet flesh. The tip of her tongue circling and flicking Luna's clit before dipping down to dart her tongue inside her needy little pussy. Sara lets a moan rumble against Luna's bare flesh as she eagerly eats out the delicious bare pussy in front of her. One of her hands slides up Luna's body to squeeze a lightly heaving breast as her tongue darts in and out of her pussy.

A shiver runs through Luna's body as Sara's tongue devours her wet pussy, she sinks one hand into Sara's dark curls, holding her face against her own wet flesh. Luna's hips rock up to press tighter against Sara's warm mouth, moans of pleasure slipping from her lips. Her eyes suddenly dart over to the door when she hears the keys in the lock and she can't help but blush red along her cheeks as Jake steps through the door to the sight and sounds of her pleasure.

Sara's back arches slightly, pushing her ass further up in the air as she settles on her hands and knees, licking and lapping at Luna's pussy. A wide grin spreads along Jake's lips as he steps closer to the pair on the new couch watching his girl on her knees licking at her friend's pussy, he can already feel his thick cock harden at the sight. He reaches down to tug at his own shirt, pulling it up and over his head then dropping it to the floor. He runs one hand along the back of his shaved head and down his neck as he moves closer, his gaze dragging along the two women stretched along the couch as his thick cock hardens more and throbs in his pants.

Sara's eyes dart up as she sees the movement beside the couch, a grin spreading along her lips as she buries her face back between Luna's thighs. She wiggles her hips, shaking her ass barely covered by the short shorts invitingly. Jake moves closer, his hand absently drifting down to squeeze his hard cock through his pants as he leans down to get a better view of Sara lapping Luna's pussy. His sinks his hand into Sara's dark hair, pulling her towards him and into a deep kiss, sharing Luna's taste before he nibbles her bottom lip and presses her back down between Luna's thighs. Jake slips his hand from her hair and slowly begins to trace down her spine as she resumes licking and teasing Luna's pussy.

Sara arches her back as Jake's hand reaches out to drag down her bare spine, before slipping down to squeeze and knead her ass. She moans into Luna's pussy as he starts to tug her shorts down, exposing her dripping wet pussy before she hears the sounds of his zipper going down. Sara lifts her head to watch as Jake's hand wraps around his thick cock, squirming slightly as she sees his tattooed arm flexing with his stroking. She dips her head back down between Luna's thighs as she feels Jake start to move behind her, spreading her thighs as much as her shorts will allow. She wiggles her hips, letting out a moan of anticipation. Shuddering as she feels the head of Jake's thick cock pressing against her needy little pussy, Sara's tongue darts out to tease Luna's clit.

Luna's hand slips up to squeeze her bare breast as the other keeps Sara firmly locked between her thighs. Jake's hand joins hers with a hard grip on Sara's dark curls as he starts to sink inside of Sara's dripping wet pussy. Jake is coated in more of Sara's arousal and need as he buries his thick cock inside of her clenching pussy, pushing her firmly forward against Luna's pussy before he starts to thrust.

Sara moans loudly against Luna's soft pussy as Jake starts to pound into her, wasting no time in filling Sara's needy cunt over and over again, mounting her from behind as his firm grip shoves her face into Luna's clenching pussy. Knowing with every lick Luna is getting closer and closer to covering Sara's face in cum, Jake leans over Sara, growling into her ear the first words he's spoken since he got home as he pounds into her relentlessly. Thrusting heavily between words to add emphasis, his heated breath against her neck, he growls "Lick that pretty pussy so she can cover your face in cum baby, I wanna see your face drenched while I own your needy little pussy. I know how badly you need to cum baby, make Luna cum so your man can lay claim on your sweet pussy baby and make you cum."

Luna's body shudders and shakes as Sara moans against her wet flesh, thighs spread wide on the couch to give her complete access to her needy body. Sara's tongue pushing her closer to the edge of exploding with every dart of her tongue, plunging in and filling her needy pussy as Jake rails into her from behind, forcing Sara's face against her with every thrust. Luna's hand digs harder into Sara's hair as the pleasure builds, rocking her hips against her tongue before her head falls back, crying out in pleasure as she starts to cum, coating Sara's tongue and lips in her cum.

Jake's hands slide down to grip onto Sara's shoulders, holding her body steady to take his pounding as his hips move harder and faster, filling the rooms with the sounds of pleasure and wet fucking. Sara shudders and cries out as he plunges so deeply inside of her. She squeezes around his thick cock as she laps at Luna's cum, she plunges over the edge as Jake's fingers dig into her flesh.

Sara moans and explodes in pleasure, coating Jake's thick cock in her cum as his fingers leave a bruising mark on her shoulders. He thrusts a few more hard times before the pleasure overwhelms him, burying his throbbing cock deep inside of Sara, he starts to fill her with thick hot cum. The room now filled with the sounds of mutual pleasure, bodies shuddering and grinding into each other on the couch, gasping for breath as the trio starts to come back down.

Sara smiles slightly as she stretches beneath Jake, reaching up to press a heated kiss to Luna's lips, sharing the taste of her own cum with her as she milks Jake of every drop of hot cum. Sara's fingers slip into Luna's hair as they kiss, hips rocking slightly back against Jake as his heated body rests on top of her. A grin tugs at Sara's lips as Jake growls into her ear, just loudly enough for both her and Luna to hear. "Just couldn't resist breaking in the new couch without me huh?"