 The weather was terrible, wind and rain whirling around likes a tornado was starting to get on my nerves. Trash cans rolling down the street making me jump at every crashing sound. The lights were blinking on and off I was not sure how long I would have electricity. 

My husband was away on a trip for the next three days. My son was off to college. I was scared to be alone. I have been married for over twenty years and am forty-five years old. One would think that a woman my age that as lived in the same house for all these years would not get scared just because there was a terrible storm raging outside. The house next door had just been rented to a nice young couple. I had only met them outside once and they seemed very nice. 

I called information to get their number and called them. I said I did not what to be alone and ask if I could come over for the duration of the storm. They said, come on over and they would have the back door open for me. I had been sitting around in my sweats and did not think anything about how I was dress. I grabbed a coat and dashed out my back door ran across the drive and up their back stairs. 

Julie was holding the door open and her husband Walt was standing behind her. I ran by Julie and tripped on the top step and fell forward. Walt made a grab for me and his powerful hands caught me on my right breast and some how his other hand slipped down inside my sweat pants. As we both fell back I was on top of Walt his fingers were jerked up between my legs and into my pussy. Neither of us knew what as happening at first.

Then I felt Walt wiggling a couple of fingers in my pussy. Julie was on her knees next to me “ Are you Ok, are you hurt” She was asking. But by this time and it was only a second Walt was smiling up at me and still fingering my pussy. I don’t know if I was in shock from the fall or the fact that I was letting a man finger me as his wife looked on. I felt sure Julie could not see where her husband's hand was from her angle. 

I said, “ Walt, you can let me go now.” I tried to move. Walt pushed me up with the hand that was on my breast and he pulled his fingers from my cunt at the same time. I sat up and Julie watched as his hand came out of my sweats. Walt lifted his hand to his mouth and sucked on his fingers. He was smiling at me. For a second I forgot where I was and why I was here. It was sexy and exciting to watch this almost stranger licking his fingers that had just come out of my pussy. I could not help myself I smiled back at him. Julie, was watching us and she ask, “Walt, honey, just what is going on here?” 

“Somehow my hand got down inside Ann’s sweats, she is not wearing any thing under them. It was so fast and I was trying to catch her and my fingers went into her pussy. I got so excited by it I wiggled my fingers in her cunt and am now licking her pussy juice off my fingers. Would you like to taste our neighbor?” Walt said, it just like it happened.

Julie smiled and she turned to me and said, “Ann are you all right? Don’t let my husband tease you too much. He is such a horny guy some times.” 

They sat looking at me. I was stunned and at how straightforward they were about what happened. In fact I was not only stunned I was strangely turned on by what had happened. I was helped to their sofa and sat there with Walt on one side and Julie on the other. Walt was half turned toward me and his arm was around my shoulders. He laid his hand between my legs and said, “Did I hurt you when I tried to catch you. Did my fingers in your pussy make you wet, it seems that your cunt is very wet. Are you turned on by me touching you here?” He pressed his hand to my crotch and rubbed my clitoris through my sweats. 

Julie said, “Walt now don’t you start anything you don’t want to finish. I better check and make sure Ann is not hurt.” With this Julie got down on her knees in front of me and some how pulled my sweats all the way down to my knees. Walt now had my chin in his hand and kissed me on the mouth He was very strong and he was holding my head so I could not look down and see what Julie was doing. He was kissing me and I liked it. I started to kiss him back. 

He lowered his arm from around my neck and pulled me forward still kissing me. My bare buttocks was now out to the edge of the sofa. I felt Julie’s hands on my knees she was pulling my legs apart. Walt’s tongue was now investigating the inside of my mouth. I darted my tongue into his mouth in return. I felt a finger rub between the wet lips of my pussy and then a shock wave ran through me. I jumped and bucked my hips as I felt Julie’s mouth on my wet cunt. Her tongue was like fire as it licked me. I felt her suck on my clitoris and it felt so hot and so exciting.

I had never had a girl lick my pussy before and I found it arousing. So much so I had to see for my self. I pushed Walt back and looked down at the top of Julie’s head. Something made me pull my legs up and hold them wider apart so Julie could get her mouth tight against my cunt. Walt was now slipping his hand up under my top and cupping my breast. Something snapped inside me it was as if I were tossed wildly into a state of euphoria. 

Excitement filled every fiber of my being. Never in my life had I felt so alive so just plan fucking hot. I reached down and pulled Julie’s mouth tighter to me. My hips were bouncing up off the edge of the sofa. I was so excited I was ready to climax. Never in my life had I come to this point so fast and so ready to explode so soon. I cried out that I was going to cum and that is when I felt Julie ram two fingers into my cunt as she sucked on my clitoris. 

It drove me over the edge and I felt the rush of convulsions start to jerk my guts apart. It took me to a height I had never known and to a feeling of complete freedom to express my feeling I screamed out “Julie suck harder.” I did not realize that I had also taken a grip on Walt’s cock through his jeans. He had a hand full and when I did see what I was doing it turned me on all the more. I was so sexually excited and aroused nothing these two could do to me would have made me want them to stop. I was so ready for what ever they wanted to do for and with me. 

The lights went out as Walt helped me to my feet. My legs were shaking and weak. Julie on one side and Walt on the other we made our way to there bedroom. Julie found some candles and we soon had some soft yellow light. I was in the middle of a king size bed and again Julie was on one side and Walt on the other. We were all now naked. Julie ask, “ Ann did you enjoy our welcome?” 

I said, “ Julie, I must admit you two are different than any couple I have ever met before. What you did to me was also a first. By another girl that is. I once had a boy lick me back in school. But my husband never does any thing like that.” 

Julie ask again. “Did you like the feel of my tongue on your clitoris?” Before I could answer and of course it was redundant because she knew full well I had loved it. Walt now placed a hand on my mound his finger tips trailing through my thick dark hair. I did not answer as Walt applied pressure to my clitoris. The movement of my legs to part was involuntary my eyes were closed as once again I was filled with a passion here to fore unknown in this old body. 

My hand found Walt’s erection and while I let my fingers be my eyes to measure and send visions of his wonderful cock to my brain. Julie was moving up to place her knees on either side of my face. I felt the very closely shaved cunt just barley touch my mouth. I jerked my hands up to grasp her thighs and with my thumbs I pulled her pussy lips apart so I could return the licking she had given me earlier. There was no thinking about it, it was just a reaction to her placing her dripping pussy near my mouth. I had never in my life been interested in having sex with another woman, but here I was doing it freely and eagerly. 

I lifted my mouth to her wetness and run my tongue into her cunt, the very first cunt I ever licked, But it was not to be my last nor the only one to cum in to my life. I had been brought to a wild new sex life and I found it was more exciting than anything I had eve known I did not want to let it go. Not now not ever. The very thought of me with my tongue in another woman's cunt drove me crazy. I wanted to make her cum I wanted to taste her juices. 

I wanted to hear her scream I wanted to yell I was so ecstatically happy. I did not feel Walt’s finger enter my pussy at first, he was so smooth and gentle. He soon had two fingers deep inside me and slowly moving them in and out. I was on fire. I was going to cum before Julie was ready I did not want this I wanted Julie to cum for me. I had to make her reach a climax as I was about to. I had never been in such a position before and really did not know what to do, So I guess it was just a automatic reaction to the situation but some how I rammed a thumb up into Julie's rectum. I felt her jerk as if hit my a powerful bolt of lighting. 

At first I thought I had hurt her but a split second later I knew I had done just he right thing because I tasted a flow of sweet juices that I could only dream of. I had once read a story about a girl that gave her lover her “Nectar of the Gods” and I now knew just what that was. Julie's climax filled my mouth with a sweetness never before tasted in my life time nothing had ever tasted so sweet. I drank her flow and it was so wonderful I wanted more and more even after she had stopped flowing for me I wanted more. I was beyond crazy I was beyond wild I was out of my mind and out of this world. I was some place unknown to me but to a place which I would return again and again. 

After that I was completely spent, I was so relaxed I was unaware of anything for several minutes. I think it must have been a hour or more before any of us moved. Walt helped me to my feet and guided me to the bathroom. I heard him turn on the shower and with his powerful arms around me we stepped into the brisk spray. 

It tingled my skin as I felt warm hands rub soap over my breasts. With my hair hanging down over my face I could not see but my hands were once again my eyes. I found a long hard very neglected cock in my hand. Of course I had read and even once tried to suck a cock, but my husband never was into that so I had not done it for many years. Yet here I was in a shower with a man I barely knew going to my knees because I wanted to do just that. I wanted to suck this mans cock. I wanted to taste his sperm as I had his wife’s.

Some where inside of me I had come alive to the fact that oral sex was wonderful. It was exciting for me and my lover at the moment, it was stimulating for both participants. Oral sex was now and forever going to be a very special part of my love life. I almost laughed at the thought of my husband ever seeing me doing anything like this. It was even funnier to think of him joining me in a oral sex venture. I was new at this sucking cock so I had to just wing it as they say. 

So I let him move his hips driving his cock back and forth in my mouth. I cupped his heavy balls in my hand. I tasted the sweet juice that comes before a ejaculation. It tasted good and I knew I must be doing something right. His balls jerked up tight under his throbbing cock and for the first time in my life I had a man shoot off in my mouth. The cum was warm, sweet and thick, like heavy cream. I drank it all and sucked every drop from his flaccid cock. Even as it hung exhausted it was thick and long. A most handsome specimen I was sure. Even though I had not seen many in my life. Once we had returned to the king size bed. He told Julie “ Ann is a excellent cock sucker.” This was some how a very sexy and pleasing expression. He kissed me on the cheek and went on “ I hope she will let me fuck her before the night it through, what do you say Ann?” I only moaned my acceptance of the idea. 

Julie asked, “Ann do you like to suck cock I love to?” 

Lifting myself up on an elbow I said, “Julie, would you believe that is the first time I ever had a man cum in my mouth? And yes, I did like it...hell, I loved it! Walt’s cum in so sweet just as is your cum, Julie,” I said almost with out taking a breath. “I once held a cock in my mouth but never before did I have one cum in my mouth.” Laughing I said, “I guess I am now a full blown Cocksucker.” 

Julie said, “Yes and a pussy eater, too.” 

We all laughed. The storm outside was nothing compared to the storm raging in me. Julie went down stairs to fix some thing for us to eat. Walt had a hard on again and he only had to show it to me for me to want it in me. Walt rolled over on me as I opened my legs to receive him. I pulled my legs up so high my pussy was in just the right position for him. His wonderful cock seem to find me and slipped in. going deep on the first push. Walt heard me grunt and sensed he had hit bottom. 

He was quick to pull back and ram it home again, he was getting me hot al over again, and I bounced my hips up under him as he fucked me deep and hard. He had a rhythm that was not fast but still it was not slow. He was touching every thing I had inside it was so exciting I felt my ass pucker and my toes curl as I could not hang back I screamed as I started to cum. 

Walt, fuck me fuck me I cried as he drove faster into me. I cum and it felt like I would never stop. Walt jerked and arched his back driving his cock deeper and deeper. I felt the warm sperm fill my cunt and dribble out around his cock. I was so well fucked I cried and must of passed out. 

When I woke it was near light and the storm had passed. Julie was resting on her side and Walt was not in the bed with us. As I moved to sit up I hurt both inside and all over. My mind was fuzzy but I did remember most of what had happened. I found my sweats and looked around to find Walt asleep in an other room. He was naked and I came close to look at his long thick cock. 

It was so full with out being hard it was still the largest one I had ever seen. I wanted to suck it, I wanted to feel the soft skin in my mouth. I wanted to once again taste the sweet cum.. But I did none of these things I made my way out and back to my home. I showered and thought “ Ann your husband will be gone for two more days. Why don’t you invite that nice young couple from next door over for dinner.” I thought that was a great idea.