 We discussed the positives and the negatives of the club over the week. One big positive for me was that we were going to be forced to get into shape if we wanted to be accepted. The biggest was that I thought it would help our marriage. I knew it would certainly help our sex life.

The negative was the money. It wasn't a huge stretch for us. Mercy had an a childless aunt who died and left money to her. The Aunt was a county employee who had never made much of a salary but had invested wisely and held her stocks and had done quite well. Between that and our jobs we could afford this. It would just mean putting retirement off a little bit. It was a gamble.

I knew what my answer was going to be, I just wasn't sure about Mercy.

Friday afternoon she texted me at work and told me she was taking me out to dinner that night at our favorite restaurant, Cask 79. When we arrived the hostess took us to a small table that was very private. She took our drink orders and left us in peace.

"Rich, I have thought about this for several days now. I know we can't officially make a decision until Sunday, but I am ready to make one now."

My heart sunk.

"Our marriage has been basically in the toilet for the last couple of years. Before last weekend I thought we were headed for a break-up or a dead relationship. Something has changed and we can put things back together.

"You have treated me totally different this week. I feel like you are in love with me again. You talk to me, spend time with me, and treat me well. I considered that perhaps you were doing this so I would say yes to the couples club, but I realized I have been treating you better too. I am falling in love with you again.

"I think this was a result of our weekend with Dave and Cindy. It took all that happened to make us realize how much we really still love each other. 

"That might be enough to turn our marriage around or we might just fall back into old patterns. I think considering our history and just human nature there is a good chance this won't last. 

"I don't want to take that chance. It has been five days and I don't have any jealousy or feelings of betrayal about last weekend. On the contrary, it turns me on every time I think about it. I know you feel the same way. The sex has been great.

"It is a lot of money but we can afford it. If it turns out Cindy and Dave was a one-time good experience then we can always drop out and chock it up as a lesson learned. If it wasn't then this could be a whole new beginning for our marriage. We can't call them until Sunday but I have made up my mind and want to say yes. I know you and I know you feel the same way. You can either confirm that today or Sunday if I am right."

I sat through all this with plunging and then rising emotions. When I realized she was going to say yes the reality hit me in the face and I had fleeting second thoughts. By the time she was done she had me convinced.

"Yes."

We sat there looking at each other for a moment. I stood up and walked around the table. I pulled Mercy to her feet and kissed her deeply. I downed my drink. I grabbed Mercy's drink with one hand and her hand with the other and led her out the back entrance towards our car, thinking about the fastest way we could fuck.

I set her drink on the top of the car. Mercy opened the back door of the car and shoved me down on the seat. She straddled me and unfastened my pants, not bothering to shut the door. My rock hard cock greeted her. She rose up and put my cock inside her under her dress. It was only then I realized she wasn't wearing panties. She began to ride me.

I looked up at her lovingly. I was so turned on. I rapidly approached orgasm. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a couple get out of their car a few spaces away. They stopped and stared at Mercy's rising and falling back for a minute before heading inside. I looked up at Mercy again.

"Come now baby. You'll make it up to me later."

I smiled back and then lost myself, coming quickly.

We cleaned ourselves up and made our way back to our table. On the way we passed the table of the couple I had seen outside. The man looked up at me and exchanged a knowing glance. I detected a hint of jealousy. I smiled back. 

Our waitress was starting to clear our table when we returned. We acted as if we had both just had to go to the bathroom for 15 minutes. Mercy downed her drink.

"I'll have another one of these." 

We had worked up quite an appetite. We ordered a celebratory dinner including champagne. As we ate we exchanged loving looks, enjoying our evening and anticipating what was to come. I made sure to leave a generous tip.

Sunday we called Dave and Cindy as early as was decent. They met us for lunch in a small private room in a restaurant we had never heard of. They were both dressed conservatively. After the pleasantries they got right down to business. 

Cindy took the lead.

"Thank you for the check. 

"I want to go over all this with you in detail. You are now on probation for six months. If you are accepted any amount left will be applied to your first years dues minus expenses. We cannot tell you what your dues will be at this time. They will be calculated on a formula based on a variety of factors including number of new members, risk, how often you will be set up with encounters, etc. They will probably be slightly more than your initial fee. They should go down every year. 

"There are different levels of membership. You will start off as regular members. After you earn enough points you can become a Silver member. That's where we are. Your dues will decrease dramatically. It is much more difficult to become a Gold Member. That's when you start receiving money as well as other benefits. I have heard there is a Platinum level also. I can only imagine what that is like.

"It may sound like a Ponzi scheme, but there is a major difference. As the members age they naturally stop being able to pass the yearly physicals. At this point they will gracefully leave the club. A few at the higher levels may stay on as 'casual members', but that is the rare exception.

"Points are earned by length of membership and by duties done for the club. Dave and I earned a few points for screening you. We will earn a lot more if you both pass. If things go wrong we will lose points and can even have our membership terminated. 

"Let's talk about your probation. You are both very attractive and in reasonably good shape, but you are not up to club standards. You will each be contacted by one of our specialists in the next few days. They are combined trainers and nutritionists. They will be of the opposite sex. Our experience has been we get better results that way. Your specialist will also provide you with any assistance they deem you require for personal hygiene, grooming, and other matters.

"Your specialist will start out in an advisory capacity. If you progress on your own they will take a hands-off approach. If not, they will get more involved. If you really fall behind they will bring in extra help.

"Your specialist will arrange for an STD test as well as routine medical records. The will provide you prescriptions for any birth control as well as any sexual enhancement drugs you would like. You are not to have sexual contact with anyone else besides each other during that time period and no one besides club members as long as you are a member. That is a deal-breaker. 

"During this six months your lives will not be your own. We will be watching you. 

"We are going to give you a detailed questionnaire to fill out before you leave today. Separately. The questionnaire asks about your complete sexual history, your daily routines, medical history for yourself and your family, financial information, favorite foods, activities, movies, books, etc. There is also a long section at the end for you to fill out all your preferences and desires for what you want to get from the club and how often. This will assist the club in tailoring your encounters to best suit you as a couple.

"I can't emphasize enough how important it is that you are completely honest. We have lost candidates that way for some of the smallest things. You are sworn to absolute secrecy. The club does extensive research. You will also be closely observed during the next six months to verify your veracity. If the club finds anything at all in this six months that is out of line your probation will be terminated and your application fee forfeit. You will most likely not receive an explanation. I know of at least one case where this has led to the breakup of the marriage.

"If this does happen you need to forget about the club and get on with your lives, for your sake as well as ours. I know of one case where a couple started making a fuss and posting stories on the internet. A couple of days later the wife became aware of people at her Country Club looking at her oddly and some even snickering. One of her friends finally pulled her aside and showed her the website that showed her and her husband in very compromising positions. They ended up moving to another state and getting divorced.

"The couple that recommended them and gave them their initial screening quietly resigned."

Cindy paused to sip her drink. Mercy and I looked at each other briefly. Dave picked up the indoctrination We turned to him.

"We are your sponsors. We auditioned you last weekend and we believe you are perfect candidates for the club. We believe your marriage is fundamentally sound. You were auditioned individually before that. If it turns out one of you does have an STD our membership in the club will be suspended until we are treated and fully disease free. Then we would have to undergo an abbreviated reapplication process. You would be out.

"We have been members for several years. The more seniority you have the more privileges you receive as a club member within each level. If we have misjudged you any standing we had in the club would be forfeit and we would start over. We may check in from you from time to time but mostly we will be overseeing those more directly involved.

"If all goes well you will have a final week long pass/fail school followed by an initiation ceremony if you pass. This school will take place over seven days and the initiation would be on the weekend. You will need to be available. The club will take care of everything else.

"I know this is a lot to digest. We see by your presence here that your interest is genuine. After we finish today you will have three days to reconsider and receive a refund of your $5,000. It's our little 'Liz Lemon Law'. If we do not hear from you by Wednesday at 6pm you will officially be on probation. 

"If there is anything we need to know that may potentially disqualify you, call the number on the card I will give you before you leave and ask for one of us. It will be bad for us but it will be much better if we bring it to the club's attention rather than them discovering it first.

"You may have questions. Cindy is going to take Mercy to a private room where she can conduct her interview and answer any questions. Rich will stay here with me."

Cindy and Mercy got up and left. Dave asked me if I had any questions. I didn't have any that I thought he would answer. I said no and got to work. The first part of the questionnaire was a verbal interview from Dave.

I told him my family history, who my close friends were, my family's medical history and mine. I told him about my diet down to the last calorie. The farther along I went the more detailed it became. I gave my employment and education history, my bank account information, the major credit cards I used. I told him about my typical daily routine both during the work week and on the weekends. I told him about my friends and my interests. I told him about my four encounters with the legal system, three speeding tickets and one small-claims court. 

I gave a complete history of Mercy and my relationship from our first date, including all the types of sexual acts we had engaged in as well as the location and a guess at the date. Then I told him my complete sexual history from my first hand job through my last girl friend before Mercy. 

Finally I told him about my fantasies from the time I was four, both sexual and non-sexual. I told him about fantasizing about being naked in front of a crowd when I was five, about wanting to be an astronaut, about the time a childhood friend named Robbie and I imagined we were each others girlfriends when he was sleeping over one night. I told him I later found out that Robbie was gay.

After this Dave gave me the paper questionnaire. I was asked how often I wanted to have encounters as a club member. I was asked about my preferences in partners as well as my preferences in Mercy's partners. I was asked what kind of acts I liked and which ones I would not participate in and which ones I would not want Mercy to participate in. Every possible legal sexual act that didn't involve permanent harm to someone was listed. The questionnaire went on for several pages.

The last page caught me off guard. It is important you are completely honest here as well. Write down the following things: Your favorite fantasy that you would actually like to experience (pretend Mercy doesn't exist), your favorite fantasy that you would like to remain a fantasy. These may be things you have never told anyone before. When you finish that write down how you think Mercy will answer these questions. Be thorough TMI is better than too little. Once again, be honest. Prevaricating will lead to disqualification whenever it is discovered.

 I took my time on this one. I had several choices for the first fantasy but finally went with one where I have sex with three beautiful women at the same time. I struggled with the second one. I knew the answer but I didn't want to write it down. I didn't see how they would find out if I was lying. But we had come so far and I really wanted this and they seemed to have ways of finding things out. So I put down my fantasy about being dominated by several woman with strap-ons while Mercy was serviced by several hulking men. 

Mercy had already experienced her main fantasy, making love to another woman. So I put down 'having a female orgy'. Her deep secret was pretty easy. Once, early in our marriage, she asked me to tie her up and take her against her will. I thought this was odd and I was a little uncomfortable with it but didn't tell her that until we were done. A few nights later we both got unusually drunk and I asked her about it and after a little persuasion she confided that she was fantasizing about being the Marilyn Chambers character in Behind the Green Door. 

 We had rented that a few weeks earlier at her urging and only now did it dawn on me that that was not the first time she had seen it. When it came out on DVD several years later I bought a copy to use as an aphrodisiac. It worked well. But we never discussed that fantasy again and though we played with bondage several times I never fucked her when she was strapped down.

I stared at the paper afterward wondering if I had done the right thing, But I couldn't erase pen and that would have been a giveaway. I read the final question: Is there anything you know now that might disqualify either you or Mercy from membership? I checked the no box and gave it to Dave.

Cindy and Mercy returned shortly after that. Dave and Cindy thanked us and escorted us to the door. The gave us a chaste hug and kiss as appropriate.

"We will probably see you again, but may not. Either way, this is the end of your relationship with us as you know it. Good luck."

They turned around and walked back in. Mercy and I went to the car. As soon as we were in we started comparing notes.

"Did you notice the small video camera Dave was using?

"No!"

"It was hidden in the pen on that notebook on the table. I've seen them on-line. Cindy had one too."

We were silent for a moment. It was only later that I realized we were on video at other times too. I didn't share that with Cindy.

"I'm sure they study our faces, probably like on that show Lie to Me.", I said.

"Yes, and they probably have multiple people look at them."

At that point we started comparing answers on everything except the written part. We discovered a few discrepancies, but nothing major or that couldn't be attributed to bad memory.

There was no mention of changing our minds over the next couple days. Thursday morning at work I got a phone call.

"Rich, this is Tanya, your club coach. We have a workout scheduled for today at 5:30."

"That sounds great Tanya, but I am meeting Mercy for a drink after work."

"Mercy won't be able to make it. She will be meeting with Todd. I will e-mail you directions to the club. See you at 6. Don't be late."

She hung up then. I called Mercy and she verified what Tanya had told me. I checked my e-mail and found directions to a workout club I had never heard of. It was in the basement of an office building. I went out at lunch and bought some workout clothes. I had a pair of running shoes in the trunk.

Tanya was tall, blonde, and athletic. She was not skinny but she certainly wasn't fat. She looked powerful. I wouldn't have wanted to have to take her on in a fight. She was dressed in short shorts and a tank top that accentuated her ample bust. I found out later the club theory that testosterone made for a better workout.

We got right to work. Tanya put me though the paces. She led me through the weight circuit first, then physical exercise, and finally aerobics. Perhaps 20 minutes in I saw Mercy and Todd. Todd was an Adonis with full black hair, a six-pack, and a poorly concealed bulge of seven or eight inches. I could tell Mercy was turned on. Tanya and Todd spared for a couple of seconds in passing, ending with Tanya's leg punch stopping right in front of Todd's 'beer belly'.

Tanya gave me no slack. She always demanded more. She prodded me by joking about my manhood and gave me incentives by describing the sexual favors I could earn if I performed certain tasks that were always well above my abilities. It was only at this point that I looked around and realized how empty the club was. Tanya told me that they closed at 6 to the general public. 

When we were done she congratulated me on a good first day and gave me a pep talk. I was dead and ready to quit if we hadn't just handed over that big check.

"You had a good first day. Meet me here Friday at the same time for your next workout. Tomorrow you are to report to this office for your physical at 5:30.", she said as she handed me an appointment card.

Mercy looked as exhausted as I did. We were too tired to talk on the way home. We picked up some healthy fast food, showered, and went to bed.

The exam the next day was very thorough. A nurse took me to an exam room and told me to remove my clothes. She did not leave. I was naked for most of the rest. They took samples of almost everything that comes out of a human body. They measured everything they could on me. They did a hydrostatic body mass test and a DEXA body fat test.. They measured the muscles in my pelvis and the dexterity of my tongue. I received a quick dental exam. They measured my vision, my hearing, and everything else possible. I received a thorough rectal exam and a cardiogram.

After a couple of hours I was allowed to get dressed. A male in a white coat entered the room. 

"You are in pretty good shape Rich, but it could be better. You have no serious conditions. However, your body fat is 21.8 and the club requires 16% or less. That will take some work. The main STD test and the rest of the blood work should be ready in a couple of days, but we can't be absolutely positive about HIV for six months.
