 "C'mon, you'll have fun!" Rick said.

My husband was trying to get me to go on a cruise on his friend's boat.

"But I would be the only woman!" I argued.

"That's why you will have fun." Rick pointed out.

Rick wasn't fooling me, as I knew it was a plan to let his fiends screw me. Rick was one of those husbands who delight in watching guys fucking their wives, any guys.

Barry Lillicrop is coming." Rick tempted.

Rick knew I had a crush on Lillicrop. We had fantasized about him in bed. Rich had roll played that he was Lillicrop and screwing the hell out of me. He saw how much it always made me come.

Lillicrop was a local distinguished lawyer married to a fashion model. He was an early thirties tall dark and handsome hunk.

"Who else?" I asked.

"I don't know, about a dozen guys in all." Rick said.

I would be the only woman on a boat with a dozen guys. It sure would be an interesting cruise.

"O.K., I'll do it!" I agreed.

Rick smiled, "I'll set it up."

"Zaka" was an old thirty-eight foot wooden derelict built in 1948 according to the carving on her main beam. Powered by a six cylinder Gray-Bonny engine she lumbered through the water at a snail's pace.

Zaka was Brian Chadwick's pride and joy. He had lovingly restored her and kept her moored at the Island Yacht Club's marina. A few minutes out of the marina and we were in the wide expanse of Lake Ontario.

It was a fair September day and the air was still quite warm. There were fifteen souls on board, Barry Lillicrop and an assortment of other horny guys hoping to get their dicks wet. 

We hadn't cleared the last channel marker before the booze began to flow. Everyone was in good spirits including Rick whose wife was the only female on board. 

We set course for the wide-open water. There was a gentle chop and little pleasure boat traffic in early fall, just a few lakers making their last deliveries of the season. 

As the city faded in the horizon the guys got antsy for the action to start.

"How about doing one of your seductive strips for the guys?" Rick asked.

Seducing was the last thing these guys needed, they were ready to screw anything with a hole they could get in. 

Rick put some music on the boom box.

I had had enough to drink that I had the courage to begin what I knew would be lead to my being gang banged. I begin to sway to the music as I unfastened my top.

The cabin was crowded with guys, their eyes all on me. Teasingly I slipped out of my bolero top exposing a well-filled pushup bra containing a pair of 38C breasts.

The hoots and hollers begin, "Take it off!" 

I removed the bra allowing my two mounds of creamy white flesh to tumble out into view.

Large erect pink nipples beckoned to hungry mouths.

I was committed now. Moving bare breasted before my viewers my hands dropped to the button at the side of my skirt. Releasing the button I allowed the skirt to drop around my ankles. I was now standing only in my panties and shoes in front of over a dozen horny cocks.

The panties slid effortlessly over my hips and fell to the floor exposing my hair-covered playground. I was naked and ready to be taken. 

The cabin had been configured for my fuckfest. All non-essential gear had been removed leaving only a knee-high table in the center, which was to be my workbench. I moved to the table as the crowd closed in.

Hard cocks surrounded me. In every direction I looked threatening erections wave like Cobras ready to strike. I close my eyes and lay back.

The first cock slid into me callously, filling my love channel without any tenderness. I was a piece of meat to be fucked.

As my cunt began to lubricate in an effort to ease the brutal assault a second cock slapped across my mouth. A thumb hooked between my teeth and forced my jaw open. Quickly the waiting cock entered my mouth. 

I glanced over in the corner and saw my husband busily engrossed in videotaping my defilement. I did not recognize the owner of either of the cocks that were in me. 

Soon I felt the white rain splattering on my body. Several guys were jerking off over me giving me a cum bath. Spunk landed on my breasts and all over my face a large glob hitting me right in my eye.

Why did I like gang banging? Sure my husband wanted me to fuck every guy I met but there was more to it than just trying to please him. I liked being the center of attention to so many horny guys. To be the recipient of their cum and emotion, to be the release for their pent up sexuality that their wives denied them. Most guys did not want to marry a whore but they sure enjoyed one's company. Today I was their whore. 

I had about my sixth cock in my pussy when I heard Zaka's engine silence. As the boat lost headway the only movement was that of the cocks in me.

I had enjoyed a couple of killer orgasms and my mouth was so much in demand I was no longer able to suck cock, I just held my mouth open as guys emptied their balls into my throat. I must have looked like I had hydrophobia, globs of creamy white cum all around my mouth.

As Zaka drifted in the waves the demands on me were raised, my bulls wanted multiple penetrations.

Multiple penetrations require imagination and dexterity. The object appears to be to see how many cocks can be inserted in my limited number of holes. Before long my ass was hosting one very large cock whilst two others frolicked in my cunt. Of course my mouth was still receiving doses of liquid protein non-stop. 

Lillicrop had been about the third cock in my pussy and been responsible for my first orgasm. He was now in my ass while two of his compatriots' cocks were working my cunt. 

I was fully involved now with multiple cocks stuck in every opening that would accommodate one and sticky white cum coating me like a taffy apple.

Exhausted as I was my cunt continued to contract and spasm as more and more meat was fed to it. I had transformed into a human fucking machine only interrupted by brief periods when my body arched with orgasms.

The day drew to a close as the last of the marathon fuckers used my saturated pussy. Zaka's engine was fired up and a course set for home. 

During the voyage back to port I had an opportunity to talk with my many lovers. All were pleased and impressed with my ability to handle so many guys. I was swamped with requests for my phone number, which I freely gave out.

When I stepped ashore back at the yacht club it took me a while to get my "land legs" back. For a while I walked like I had a cock between my legs.