 As I walked across the dance floor feeling awkward and hoping not to be noticed, yet wishing the catch the eye of someone or couple it seemed to take longer than I thought it would. At first glance she was alone, but upon reaching the table her husband or partner sat down just before me. Not having a place to escape I asked quickly if the seat was taken. She warmed up nicely and her partner Ted extended his hand in welcome. 

Been on a cruise before he asked as I sat next to her and across from him? No; very first. Not for us Ted offered we enjoy these getaways, a chance to see and experience new things. I hoped I was the new experience they were looking for.

Sammy was her name. Not befitting the long legs and slender arms I felt she was a Nancy or Jasmine. Her breasts were the first to catch my eye large the roundest I've ever (hope to see anyway). Don't get me wrong her face was wonderful maybe 40 but could as easily been 25. Ted on the other hand was handsome tall not slim yet well put together surly he was an athlete at one time. Sam as I'll call her asked quickly if I was alone or could we expect a partner? I assured them, this was it. Came alone I said; hope to hook up and find some of those new experiences you mentioned Ted. I let it be known I was recently widowed.

It wasn't long before Sam and I danced our first dance of that night while Ted was busy selling some artificial turf to a golf course rep seated near us. Sam whispered in my ear as we pulled close together; put you hand near my hip and let me hold it against myself. I quickly obliged and caught a quick glimpse of what I wanted; to taste those tits. Now after holding her on the dance floor they were bigger than I thought. As she slid to my hand around to the side she also turns her back and nuzzled her rear against my throbbing prick. Has she did this I got a good view of the mountains across her shoulder and she quickly pressed my hand against her vulva as if the say grab it and I'm yours. Dancing with her ass pressed against my dick it wasn't hard to tell through the silk dress that the only thing between me and her was being on the dance floor.

After a moment she turned to me looking directly in my eye she asked, where to next. I said taking this trip alone I reserved a suite just to have a little bargaining power if the chance arose, and man was it rising. She said to give her a minute to convince Ted that my place was right. She said see that gorgeous black chick across the room? I answered who couldn't? Ted had his hopes on her tonight; we've never swung with just a man, Ted will wonder what's in it for him. Tell him it will be the best he's ever had and remind him of those new experiences. She left the dance floor and said meet her by the traveling bar. When she returned with a smile she said it took some doing but I think he will follow. Deliver this note to the lovely black chick and I'll wait here. I took the note and with a quizzical look she said; I had to promise Ted he could watch me eat the Nubian Princess' twat tomorrow if he would join us tonight. With a smile on my face and a boner in my pants the note was delivered. By the way she added I offered your suite as a meeting place for my brunch tomorrow. Glad I could be of some help I answered as Ted joined us in the elevator. As the door closed she quickly turned and planted the biggest tongue of a kiss on Ted's lip as she reached and grabbed my crouch. An approving groan went out as she sized up my now bulging package.

By the time we reached the room Ted had started to set some ground rules. Usual stuff for a swinging cruise and then Sam added; if I want it Ted, I'll have it. She looked sternly at Ted, and he on the other hand smiled and continued with, if she wants she gets it. Sam excused herself to the bedroom and Ted and I stripped down to our shorts anxiously waiting her return. Ted and I in our shorts mixed a couple o drinks and enjoyed some small talk about the adventures of Ted and Sam. He exclaimed hot damn I always wanted to see Sam take two dicks at once usually on these cruises we mix it up with another couple sometimes even separate rooms. I mentioned I was a little new to this and he replied staring at my cock; so it would seem. How big is that thing he asked I hope Sam's up to that it looks like it could cause some damage. Little did he know the damage might be with him? Whoa I exclaimed as Sam reentered the room wearing only a lime green thong and pearl necklace. Boys she said what's with the shorts? Honey I think he's got a secret and you might not want it. She looked at Ted and then at me and replied; Oh yeah I do as she stepped forward pulling down my shorts and kneeling to kiss the head of my very hard and hot cock. Ted was excited and remarked he had wanted to see his wife give head and it was as good as he imagined. 

I motioned for Ted to join in and he grabbed his wife from behind and slid his prick into the wettest pussy he had ever felted. Damn woman I can't ever remember you this wet I can feel it running down my balls. Ted had a small scar on his chest and I reached across Sam's back to touch it. Just a battle wound nothing big, but the touch to his chest opened his eyes to what might be in store. Sam was so busy slobbing my knob I was amazed at how much saliva she could share and I returned my hand to Ted's chest to lightly tease his nipples which quickly rose to meet my fingers. The depth of Sam's trusts on my prick were driving me weak and with a trick of a pinch on Ted's tit I pulled Sam's head from my head and gave her the biggest and deepest kiss as the standing motion pulled Ted from her cunt. He stepped forward and as we sandwiched Sam between us he reached around her to rub my ass. She gasped at his whisper of something in her ear and pulled her tongue from my mouth giving me a quick nibble on the lip. As we broke and took a quick splash from our drinks Sam was on her back on the table begging for my cock to be rammed in her juicy tunnel. Doing so left Ted reaching for his prick and pinching Sam's nipples as well. Sam called for me to pound it harder breathing out with each trust as if it took her wind; your cock is so hard I've never felt the blue steel the way yours splits my lips. Ted then moved and she grabbed his cock jacking it at 60 pumps a minute and forcing it to her mouth. Ted moved around to face me inserted his dick up to the balls into her lips. Ted this time reached out and gently circled my nipples and commented he wasn't sure where this was going but was anxious to see it happen.

With that I leaned over to kiss Sam with Ted's multi-veined dick still in her mouth. Whoa Ted exclaimed and I pulled back to suck her hard nipples and Sam wrapped her left leg around my waist easing her heel down the crack of my ass. I kissed my way north advancing on her mouth which was still filled with Ted this time making it to her lips kissing her and licking him. This time she grabbed Ted by the ass cheeks not letting him pull away as she pushed Ted's cock into my mouth with her tongue. Ted was beginning to ease a little pre-cum tasting sweet and salty and with a loud rush of breath simply said what ever she wants she gets. I continued pumping her twat with long strokes from the tip of my sword to the back of her uterus. She moaned with pleasure telling Ted to drive it into my mouth hard which was good as he touched my throat and pulled away to let me lick the sperm hole with the tip of my tongue. Again she pressed him forward and again Ted moaned as he hit the back of my throat. Sam blurted out that it felt like my cock would come out her mouth with each trust and now wrapped both legs around me and pulled me tight. With Ted's veins pulsing across my lips I saw Sam reach up and run her finger into his ass teasing at first them after licking her middle finger creating the right lubricant she inserted the bird up his ass bringing Ted to his toes. With a couple more stabs of the finger Ted dick was ready to squirt I could feel the sensation in my own dick but changed my thoughts to what I would do with Ted's load. With perfect timing I opened my mouth as he jerked his cock with his left hand and spewed the warmest vanilla malt I ever tasted. I let it splash off my tongue and onto Sam's face and she called for more with almost her entire hand in Ted's ass now and he obliged with the largest explosion of the thickest creamy juice which seemed to bounce from my tongue and smash onto Sam's face. As Ted retreated to the couch and downing his drink Sam used her fingers to push Ted's cream off her face cheeks to her mouth and motioned with her tongue for me to join her in eating the remains of her mans fruits.

With her face clean and pulling me out Ted handed us our drinks and with a quick gulp she quickly turned me around and pushed me against the couch face down and just as quick had her tongue in my ass. I was glad I had shaved because without the hair her tongue was slippery and felt as ice when it hit my hole. I wasn't far from wrong as I noticed her drink glass was empty of ice and the cool feeling spread quickly up my colon. Ted was wasted and looked on in disbelief as Sam ate my ass as if it was a county pie eating contest. I couldn't resist Ted's dick which was close to my face and motioned for it again with my tongue and this time he gave no objections. As Sam's tongue continued to reach my prostrate my dick was bulging now and the head was tight it wouldn't be long before I couldn't hold it. Between slurps of Ted's wonderful perfect dong I told Sam it was time to which she quickly turned under my ass to face my prick catching the first drips between the eyes. She instantly pushed my exploding 9X9 deep into her throat and sucked me to the driest state of climax ever.

With Ted's cock up and ready thanks to my work Sam called for him to move to my back I wasn't sure I was ready for this but with a kiss from Sam full of my spew I couldn't argue. Ted asked what do you want and Sam said; look the ice cubes from his ass have melted and it's ready for you to drive it home. Ted again would remark; what ever you want Sam, and with that pushed his fabulous stick into my ass which welcomed it as a preferred guest. Sam then moved around where she could see her husband bang another man and hold my face to her pussy which was the sweetest and softest piece of meat I ever tasted. So good was Ted at his cho-cho push I could feel my cock regaining its firmness. 

Sam began to squirm and yell for Ted to hurry so he quickens his pace and she forced my face fuller to her pie. Licking her clit and tonguing her slut of a cunt was all she could handle and with that she began to tremble and clinch her tits (which by the way were all I had imagined) Just then the first little piss of a squirt let lose; just enough to wash my chin. Then with an arched back and a fever pinch of her tits she exploded like a garden hose more than a mouthful splashed my face. This excited Ted he squeezed off a minor load in my colon. Her Second burst of squirt covered my head like a breaking wave and she exclaimed for Ted to fuck me harder. I guess the sight of her husband pounding a man who was licking her to paradise was more than she could hold, and her gusher of a climax bolstered Ted to finish his second load at the opening of my mancave. Both where near exhaustion, as I turned Ted around and ran him through for the first anal of his life. Sam became so excited that it brought tears to her eyes. She moved quickly to my back as I pounded her husband to suck my asshole lapping up all of her husbands cum as she reached through my legs and his to grab his dick and jerk him to a third erection.

Pounding Ted from behind only made me harder with each stroke. At first he was a little uneasy but I had given him my full 9X9 on the first stroke, I'm sure he felt it hit his navel. Sam was busy sucking my shaved ass and her tongue trickled as it darted over my sphincter and eased its way into the hole. Ted was now in full glory again saying what ever she wants she gets and calling for me to give him more with each stroke. Reaching forward I pinched his nipples to give torque to my trusts this sent him over and sprung his cock to full attention causing Sam to crawl through and suck his prick from underneath our combined manhood. She licked his dick and tried to insert her tongue in the penishole while now fingering my butt hole with every combination of one, two and three fingers. Ted's moans of joy and new found inhibition were all I could take and threaten him to put my cock in his mouth if he didn't quiet down. With that Ted changed his tone to begging to suck me, give me head, lick my shaft, what ever you want to call it, just let me suck the cum from your prick he cried. 

With that Sam pulled his cock from her mouth and asked me to please fuck her husbands face. With both our dicks in our hands I pulled Ted around and he entered his wife from the pussy side as I put the 9X9 in her ass. After a couple quick thrust and with Ted sucking her tits as I squeezed the one from behind Sam was grinding in pleasure and began to squirm as an orgasm rippled from her head to toe. Ted was still moaning to eat meat and Sam was growing insistent he be pleasured. So; what ever she wants she gets and I pulled him around and laid him across the ottoman and teased his face with my dick. After enough begging I let him have all of my stuff he could barely get his mouth around it but moaned with sure pleasure at the taste of my skin on his tongue.

Sam I called look in the drawer just behind you in the end table. Opening it she found my supply of the finest sex toys assembled. She asked how I knew to be ready? I replied poor planning makes for poor performance. I told her to take out that strap on and give it a go. As she buckled up I motioned for her to mount her husband. Sucking my cock I forced his head down all the way on my prick until she was in to the straps. By then it was too late to refuse and felt too good to stop her. As she pounded Ted from the back and he sucked my cock I got the first real chance to reach out and fondle those wondrous tits I had admired all night. They were rounder than the size of my hand fingers fully extended, and sat out fully erect with hard nipples. Feeling soft yet firm and standing tall not hanging, these tits were a turn on for the ages. As I began to pound her husbands face with my cock and he slurped it up wonderfully running his tongue around the head and down the shaft she pressed even quicker against his ass these great tits bounced ever so slightly as I lay my hand under them to softly fell the bounce of the weight. No scares I said she smiled and said that's because they're natural. Nothing beats Mother Nature as I pulled my cock out to slap her husband in the face a couple of times. Ted was tiring of the monstrous butt fucking he was taking from his wife so I suggested she try the dildo on her self. Pulling it out of her Ted's ass I reached over to replace it with my fingers, the bird and two more was all it took to brings Ted's dick up and release a little pre-cum. I was ready but wanted to watch Sam fuck herself while her husband sucked me before giving him some cream cheese of his own. She began slowly and I turned Ted so he could blow me and watch his wife at the same time.

Sam was great she danced on that dildo like a leaf on the wind and Ted sucked even harder has she cheered him on to lap up my juice. With her encouragement his saliva felt like her pussy and the heat of my meat was reaching a boiling point when she dared him to sallow. That was all I or he needed as I began to squirt, spew, and spit juices to fill his mouth. He missed a swallow between trusts and a little ran from his mouth Sam quickly ran over to lick her husband's lips which were firmly gripping my penis in its glory going off like a sprinkler. Ted swallowed again and again before releasing my dong and taking a few quick finishers in the face. He rolled over exhausted from the action content that he made the right choice to swing on this boat with a single man. He had never touched another man before tonight and yet found a feeling of sexual enjoyment he would share forever and again with Sam.

And Sam by the way was not finished with the dance of the dildo finding the switch making that artificial man thing move in every direction. With in minutes she was again squirting like a garden hose shooting it at us as we watched, washing down our faces as we were in need of a good nights rest.

It was a knock at the door that startled me; but it was the dream of Ted's mouth swarming my dick that I thought I was dreaming of. With one eye open I realized it was no dream but Ted grabbing an extra taste of me for an early breakfast. I also noticed that Sam had gone for the door. Not wanting to disturb Ted and his morning meal I let her go. Ted, Sam turns from the door and said; guess who's here for brunch? Ted lifted and eye from my crouch to see the beautiful black Nubian Princess standing there in either amazement or jealousy as I had reached a new fullness on that morning and Ted continued to struggle to eat it all.

Mesha was our Princess had come ready; she had wanted Sam yesterday at the pool but was afraid in the open air. Sam quickly obliged and presented her with a stool for a thrown and Sam quickly disappeared between her legs. Ted now had to make a choice watch his wife deliver on a promise and bring this young maiden to climax with her tongue or continue with a new found pleasure of his own. Ted's question was answered by me as the Nubian called me over. So pulling from Ted's oral rookie of the year performance to grace the mouth of this black princess bitch brought a smile to his face, watching his wife suck clit was almost as good as the double fuck she got last night. With Ted yanking his prick, his wife's face wet from the princess' fuck juices beginning to flow, I enjoyed the afro-head as Ted began to spray a new day's load across his wife's ass and back. Maybe it was fatigue or maybe it was delight but I came early and the Black slut Princes of Nubia drank it down like instant breakfast. So Sam continued as Ted and I enjoyed the morning show and resting before a possible matinee.