 "Uggghh!!! Traffic sucks!!" I thought to myself as I sat through rush hour desperately trying to make it on time to my appointment. Somehow I had been talked into driving my girlfriend and her teammates to their volleyball tournament three hours away from campus. Probably because I have car and only two of the girls on the team did and they needed three to get the 12 girls to the games.

"Finally!" I thought as I pulled up to my girlfriend Jesse's dorm, twenty-five minutes late. 

"Geez, where have you been?" she asked when I buzzed up to get inside. 

"What can I say, I drive like your grandma, now buzz me in so we can get back into this traffic. . . . ." I said hello to her three best friends, Alex, Amy, and Kerry, as we grabbed up all their bags and headed down to the car for the drive.

Once we loaded up the trunk and everyone got situated, we headed out, Jesse riding shotgun and the other three comfy in the back. Since it was 7 o'clock when we headed out and since it was halfway through October, it was already dark for pretty much the whole drive. The drive to the tournament went pretty uneventfully and we made it to our hotel by a little before 11 and checked in. We all piled into the suite and unloaded our gear. 

"What do you guys want to do?" asked Alex. 

"I don't know, I saw that the hotel had a bar and our first game isn't until 3pm tomorrow," Amy reasoned. 

"Well, that sounds good to me," replied Kerry, "what about you guys?" 

Jesse looked over at me for my reaction, saw my shrug of indifference and said "Yeah, I think we could go for a drink or three."

So we headed down to the bar and each had some drinks. However, the bar was only open until midnight so after about 45 minutes we had to come back to the room. I had only had two or three beers and since I'm a pretty big guy, that didn't really faze me at all. The girls however, were well rested from their naps on the drive up and were feeling a little rowdy and had had about 5 rail drinks apiece. 

A little tipsy, Amy slurred "what do you guys want to do now, watch a movie or what?" 

Alex checked out the brochure on the top of the TV and reported "Well, there's a few good movies on, and in an hour on channel 69 we've got 'Charlie's Anal Angel's part 4' on. . . . ". 

"Eww, can we get through one weekend without talking about someone butt-fucking someone else?" answered Kerry. "Why don't we play some cards? I brought a deck...," she continued. 

"Awesome, I'm game," I said, "how about poker; do you girls know how to play?" 

"Sure, 5 card stud? Texas hold 'em? I now 'em all," challenged Jesse, "we'll kick your ass!". 

Well, that got it started. We gathered around the dinner table in the dining room of the suite and started shuffling to get it started. "Alright," I said, "the game is Texas hold 'em, I know you girls have been watching 'Celebrity Poker Challenge' and this is what they play so you should all be familiar with the rules." 

Unfortunately for me, these girls did know how to play, really well. After about 45 minutes, I had lost nearly all of my money and was holding a good hand against Alex, the money leader. "I'll see your $5 and raise you ten," Alex said, "and that's more money than you've got to bet with, so you'd better fold!"

Thinking quickly I responded, "Okay, how about I throw in my last $7 and a dare, any dare. . . . Will that do?" I mean what the hell, the night was fun, but I might as well try to make it interesting, I mean after the turn I was holding a flush and thought it was a pretty good bet that I was going to win the hand. 

"Hmmm, ANY dare I want huh? Well, I've got the money to lose and I'm sure I can think of something to dare you to make it worth it, so yeah, I'll play with that." After the river, we laid out our cards and I showed my flush and Alex looked at me with glee. "Read 'em and weep buster!!" she screamed as she showed her royal flush. 

"Awww crap!!! Damnit!!" I screeched, "So what's my DARE?"

After thinking to herself for a minute Alex came back over to the table, "okay, here's your dare, you have to play the rest of the game with just Jesse's spandex shorts on. And I mean it, just the spandex, no undies!"

"What? Those things are like 2 sizes too small for me!! I mean I've been trying to get into Jesse's pants for months now, but I didn't mean LITERALLY! "

But a dare was a dare, so Jesse appeared with her practice pair (she wouldn't want to stretch out her game uniform) and I headed to the bathroom. As I squeezed into the shorts and looked in the mirror I realized that this night had the potential to get interesting real quick. At this point I should describe what I saw in the mirror. I'm a pretty big guy, 6'6, about 240lbs. I have deep blue eyes and short brown hair that's kind of spiked up a little in the front. I have a nice body, being a basketball player for the college, which accents my arms and broad shoulders. However, the best part, I have to say, is my dick: 9 ½ inches and always ready to go. I found the porn early in life and had spent the majority of my teenage years getting laid, trying to get laid, or jerking off myself as many times a day as I could get away with. As a result, I could go pretty much as many times as I wanted and not just dribblers, I could cum like a champion. Hence, you can see my apprehension at sitting at a table with 4 extremely attractive hot college volleyball players in a poker game that had just begun its slow descent into debauchery.

I returned to the table to more than a few cat-calls, conscious that my bulge was not only readily visible, but impossible to miss. After a few more hands we switched to strip poker (I was exempt since I only had one item of clothing), however instead of removing clothing you could pick a dare. So after a few minutes I had seen some more skin and seen Amy and Alex make out and I was starting to get seriously hard. 

In the next hand, Jesse was down to just the undies and didn't want to lose and have to show any skin so thinking quickly she proposed a different bet, "I'll let you have Scott as your slave for the night!" 

I quickly looked up in time to see Alex and Amy look down at my crotch and up my toned chest and arms and smile. "Sure," replied Alex, "we'll take that bet." Jesse lost. I won.

Now let me describe the scene I had watched unfold before me. Alex was down to her shorts, undies and a bra. She was beautiful, with an angular face framed nicely by just above the shoulder short nearly black hair and brown eyes. She was 5'8 with an amazing stomach and nice B cups. Amy was down to a bra and a thong and was looking like that was too much for her. Amy is the setter on the team, only 5' tall and very petite, except for her DD's, which on her look utterly enormous. She's got dirty blonde hair in a pony-tail and blue eyes to go with her cute petite smile. Kerry had definitely won the strip poker portion of the evening and had on a big t-shirt, bra and underwear, which made her just look ready for bed. Kerry's 5'6 or so, with long curly brown hair and a tight athletic body with an amazing stomach and ass and very small A cups. Jesse had undoubtedly lost the strip portion of the evening, down to just the bra and panties and had avoided nudity only by offering up my 'services' (the definition of which hadn't been defined yet, but hey, in this company I don't see how it could've been bad!). Jesse was the middle hitter on the team, 6', extremely athletic, out of the Gabrielle Reece mold. She was toned everywhere, with blonde hair, blue eyes and amazing B cups. We had been dating for three months but in an ironic twist she was a virgin so I really hadn't tried much hooking up. 

Looking me over, Alex sized up what to do with her new toy. It had been an hour and a half, Alex grabbed me and took me into the living room, "Come on silly, Charlie's anal angels is on!!" 

We sat down and began watching the movie, and when you combine the girls in person with the hardcore action in the room, well, let's just say I was suffering from a serious transfer of blood from one head to the other. Here I was, sitting on the couch between my girlfriend on the left, and Alex and Amy on the right, watching porn with all the women in the room nearly naked. Amy was getting so turned on by the action she started unconsciously playing with herself. As Peter North was being ridden onscreen, I looked over and saw Amy rubbing her nipples and Alex's hand slowly teasing Amy's pussy. This was quickly getting interesting. 

Jesse leaned in at this point and said "I think you're going to have a hard time tonight slave!" and patted my spandex squished cock. "My god, what are these things doing to you?!?!" she whispered sexily as she rubbed the outline of my dick.

"Man, I haven't even SEEN a good dick since I broke up with Darren four months ago. Hey, Scott, you're our slave, how about you give us a real live show? It looks like you're ready to go?" 

I looked over at Jesse, who just shrugged and said "I'd like to see that show. . . "

So with that I lifted my butt off the couch and slid off the spandex, freeing my kielbasa for all to see. "Oh my god!!" Alex screamed, "It's fucking Huge!!!" The other girls were speechless. Right then on the movie we all glanced over at the noise and saw Peter North hosing down a girl with his cum. Amy licked her lips and said, "I want to see that, jerk off for us."

Being a good slave I licked my hand and started stroking to the movie and moaning slowly. I brought my hand up and down my shaft, concentrating on the head and moving agonizingly slowly. "Hmmm, he needs a better show, would these help?" Amy asked. She didn't wait for me to answer and popped off her bra. The sight of those amazingly large mounds nearly sent me over the edge, I moaned deep and started stroking faster. As I watched, Alex leaned over and started sucking on Amy's nipples and fingering her into a frenzy.

"Ohhh my gawd Alex, that's fucking amazing!!!" screamed Amy as she begin to cum. "Come on Scott, finish off for us, I want to see that hose fire off!"

What did me in was when Alex looked over at Jesse and winked and began to fondle my balls while I stroked. "Oh my god, these things are like oranges they're so huge. How much cum do you have in here?" Alex whispered into my ear. 

Then Jesse, "come on babe, cum for us, I've never seen you cum before, it's so hot, I want to see it Scott, and taste it. . . " That did it for me, I began to buck in my hands and I had an idea. Right as I shot my first load, I aimed my dick to my left and unleashed a huge rope that went from Jesse's cheek all the way down across her right boob to her hip. The next one went to the right and hit Alex square in the face and even up into her hair, causing a big pool to form underneath her chin. I continued cumming like that for nearly 30 seconds, shooting rope after rope onto their bodies and mine and covering the couch with cum.

"Oh My God!!" I groaned as I succumbed to orgasmic bliss and almost passed out from the release, so powerful was my orgasm from the tight spandex combined with the girls and the porn.

Amy ran over and licked some of the cum off of Alex's chest and exclaimed "Oh my god, this tastes great, it's like candy!!" and cleaned it completely off Alex's chest almost causing her to orgasm from the attention to her sensitive nipples. The first thing I was aware of when I came back to earth was Jesse vigorously rubbing her clit with her left hand while she rubbed the cum into her right nipple, shuddering from an amazing orgasm. 

"Girls, girls, look," Kerry exclaimed, "Holy shit, all that cum and he's still hard, I mean he didn't even shrivel at all!"

At this point all semblance of order had been lost. The girls with cum on them had already removed their skimpy clothing and Kerry and Amy quickly followed suit. Amy and Alex were making out, sharing my cum in their mouth and fondling each other anywhere they could get their hands on. Jesse was still out of it after her orgasm and when I finally came to, Kerry was between my knees.

"How many times can you go in a row?" she asked.

"About as many as I want. The most I've done in a row was cum 12 times in a day." I responded. "And I haven't masturbated in about a week since I've been busy with work and school."

With that she bobbed her head down and took me in her mouth halfway. The sensation was unbelievable. Her mouth was so soft and warm and her powerful tongue was circling my cockhead while her hand stroked my shaft. 

"Oh my god Kerry, holy shit!!" I moaned, "you keep that up and you're gonna get a BIG surprise!!" She smiled at me on top of my cock and started to use her hand and mouth at the same time and picked up the speed. I was in nirvana. To my right, Alex was naked and pinching her nipples while Amy busily lapped away at her shaved pussy, making Alex scream like a porn star constantly. On my left, Jesse returned from her orgasmic bliss to find her best friend sucking her boyfriend's cock. 

I turned around to look at her and she begin to pinch and suck on my nipples and talk dirty to me in a deep throaty voice. "Are you gonna cum for us again? Come on, we all want to see it, Kerry wants it so bad, she's practically deep-throating you to her stomach each thrust!! In fact, move over girl, it's my turn!" She said as she nudged Kerry aside. 

Kerry looked momentarily sad, but then got an idea. Still between my legs on the floor, she leaned back and sat Indian style and began to masturbate, her eyes mesmerized by my cock and Jesse stroking it. "Oh my god Scott, I'm so fucking hot, you're amazing, this is better than porn!!" Kerry moaned. "Oh my god, I'm cumming!! She screamed, arching her back and sticking her flat stomach up towards me. At the same time, Jesse was really getting into the blowjob and I just lost it.

"UGGHhhhh, I'm gonna cum, baby, look out!!"

"Oooooh, shoot for me stud" Jesse whispered throatily as she pulled off my cock and started stroking with just her hand.

Kerry, just returning from the high of her orgasm, saw what was about to happen. My first shot arced up and over her head. The second and third hit her square in the face and the rest plastered her whole body from her collarbones down to her belly button. The sheer warmth and amount of cum splattering on her skin sent her immediately back into an orgasm and she lay there quivering on the floor covered in my cum. It was by far the hottest thing I had ever seen in person. This girl orgasmed simply from my orgasm and it was only an indicator of things to cum for the evening. . . . . 

Author's note: Let me know what you think though I'll probably post the other parts anyway.