 I want to tell a story of something that happened to us last summer. It was late June and really hot. Smoldering hot. My wife Angela and I were laying around the house being lazy when a friend of mine called and said that he was gonna go ride a few of his horses today and asked if I’d come over and ride a couple for him cause he was getting behind. I had rode with him several times before to help him keep his horses in shape as he has too many to ride on his own. That’s when out of the blue my wife asks if she can come along because she hadn’t ridden a horse since she was a teenager and really wanted to again. I said sure, but told her that I wanted her on a really mild mare or something that would be a lot less likely to throw her. So I told Tim that she was coming with and asked if he had something she could ride. He said sure and that we could figure it out when we got there. 

We got to Tim’s place about noon and he ask if we were hungry but neither of us was so we decided to take some food with us and some blanket’s for my wife cause she said she didn’t want to just sit on the ground and eat. We let her have all the comforts of home we could carry and went to pick out the horses. Walking out to the field I noticed my buddy staring at my wife’s ass. It didn’t bother me though cause I know she’s beautiful and that men look at her all the time. It actually turned me on most of the time knowing that they want her and that I have her! I even told her about it and from then on we would share even our most kinky fantasies. Once I told her that I often thought about her lying on her back with a really big cock sliding slowly up into her pussy and then back out. Her reply was that she often thought about the same thing and that she also thought about some of the people we knew doing all kinds of sexy things to her.  

All this played through my head as we walked. We got to the pasture and caught a couple of horses, but just as we went to get the one for Angela to ride two of his stud horses started to fight and caused all the others to start getting nervous and shying away. By this time it was about 3:00 in the afternoon and my wife said hell with it I’m not gonna chase that stupid horse all day, I’ll just go wait for you guys at Tim’s house. 

Tim said that it wasn’t a problem and that he would carry all our stuff and she could ride double with me, which was a problem because I don’t trust my own “cowboy” skills. 

I told Angela that she would be better off riding with Tim because if the horses did act up he was a lot better at handling them than me. 

So we saddled up the two we had caught and headed out. My wife climbed on with Tim and was holding on to his waist like she was on a motorcycle. I just laughed to myself and didn’t say anything. Of course Tim didn’t seem to mind having a hot little blonde holding on to him like that. He had told me several times that I’m a lucky guy and all the usual kind of stuff that guy’s say to other guy’s. When what they really mean is that your wife is really hot and I’d love to fuck her! 

We rode like that for a couple hours through the woods and a few fields till we got to the creek. Angela said that she was getting hungry and would like to stop somewhere in the shade by the creek and eat. So we tied up the horses and put down the blanket. Angela started making sandwiches while me and Tim talked about work and stuff. Then Tim stood up and walked over to the horses and pulled out a bottle of whiskey and a joint. He walked over and asked Angela if she was ok with it and told her that it was part of riding with him and that if she didn’t drink and smoke with us that she couldn’t come with us anymore. We all laughed and she agreed to the smoke and asked if we had brought any soda to mix the whiskey. Well we did but we told her that she could only use it as a chaser cause it was the “cowboy” way. She said that she wasn’t a cowboy and she wanted to mix hers. So we gave in and let her mix a drink while we did shots and chased them with soda. Really the only reason we did was to mess with her though because we usually mixed them too. 

We ate and drank and then we passed the joint a few times. Angela was getting messed up and I could tell she was getting horny just like she always does when she drinks. She asked Tim if he could still handle a horse if he gets too messed up, to that he said he could handle a horse in his sleep. I laughed and reminded him of the time that we both got messed up and slept on the ground. She laughed and said that if we wanted to keep partying that she was up for an all-nighter if we were. I said sure sounds like fun and Tim said, hell yeah! So it had went from a short ride to an all-nighter and I was beginning to have some pretty dirty thoughts of the things I was going to do to my wife that night. That’s when I started thinking of the dirty things that Tim and I both could do to my wife! I was getting really hot thinking that it could actually happen if she wanted it to. So I decided to drop hints to her every chance I could. Finally when Tim was off taking a leak I told her that she could have two men tonight if she wanted. She kind of rolled her eyes and said that she didn’t think Tim would be into that kind of thing. I told her she was crazy and that she didn’t know much about guys. 

She said all right let’s just see then. I’ll start flirting with him every chance I get and if he screws me you win and if he doesn’t then I win. I said what do I win and what do you win? She said that if I win I’ll get to have my fantasy and if she wins that she will actually lose so I would have to make it up to her by giving her the best pussy licking ever. So actually I would also win even if I lost. Sounded like a great bet to me so I said go for it.

She started slowly just touching him when she was talking to him and as the drinks flowed she picked up the pace until every time I went to piss she was either kissing him or sitting in his lap and talking real quiet. She told me later that he was saying things like if she wasn’t married to his best friend that he would give her the time of her life and all sorts of dirty things. After dark it was easier for her cause she could do other things and make him think I couldn’t see. One time while I was giving her some time she actually started rubbing his dick through his pants and I could tell he was really getting into it. When she thought he was as horny as he was going to get she asked him if he would want to have some fun if I was ok with it. I saw a weird look on his face and thought that was it; end of show and that he would think we were screwed up. But then he stood up and said, “Well does this answer your question” and pulled out his already hard dick! Angela was shocked, first that he acted so suddenly and second that his dick was freakishly thick!

She didn’t know what to do. So she told him that he had a really sexy cock but that he should probably put it away for now until she talked to me. Even though she already knew what my answer would be she needed some time to regroup. Hell she had never even seen another man’s dick other than mine and here was a massive porn star tool staring her right in the face. So he put it away and told her that if I was ok with it he was gonna give her the fuck of her life! I saw the whole thing too but he didn’t know that, and I couldn’t figure out why he had put it back in his pants, because I couldn’t hear what they were saying. 

When I got back Angela told me that she was hot and wanted to go for a swim. I said that sounded great but we didn’t have suits. She stood up and told me that I was too sober and that we could go skinny dipping just like we use to. I said, what the hell you only live once right? Angela surprised me by being the first one naked and god did she look good! We work out all the time and she has the sexiest muscular legs, without being non-feminine. Her creamy skin was shining in the moonlight, her nipples were standing out hard, and Tim and I couldn’t take our eyes off of her. She started walking towards the water then stopped and said, “what the hell, aren’t you guys gonna get naked”? Immediately we stood up and threw our clothes off and ran to the water. 

Tim ran by my wife and yelled, “Last one in gets fucked in the ass”! Well I knew I wasn’t gonna be the one getting fucked in the butt so I hit high gear and we left her behind. It was so funny we all laughed for a long time. One of those laughs you can’t seem to stop and every time you look at the other person you start laughing again. I was actually having a blast and hadn’t got to the sex yet. Hell we all were! If we called it a night right then I would have had a lot of good funny memories but we didn’t stop there. I swam over to Angela and stood behind her rubbing her shoulders while we all talked and made little jokes about the situation. As I stood behind her I started rubbing my dick against her nice round butt and getting really hard despite the cold water. I moved back and swam over to the other side of the creek and told them I wanted to see how deep it was over there. When I got there I went down and touched the bottom and came up, then swam back and sat on a big rock pretty close to where they were standing. I noticed that Angela had moved closer to Tim and they were giggling about something. When I looked closer I could see her arm moving under the water and found that she had gotten over her shock quite well. I could tell that Tim thought he was getting away with something but that just made it funnier to me.

My wife was getting a lusty look in her eyes and said that she thought it was time to get out. So we went up to our little camp spot and Tim started putting his pants on, but Angela stopped him by saying, “what do you think your doing?” I’m putting my damn clothes back on, Tim said. Well I’m not, said Angela. It’s hot and this is pretty comfortable, besides I like all of us being naked. Oh really, why is that? I asked. She didn’t answer, and quickly said lets play truth or dare. Tim and I agreed, and I asked who should go first? She quickly said that she would, turned to Tim and asked, truth or dare?

Tim chose a dare. Which I think was exactly what she was hoping for. Because without any hesitation she said “ I dare you to come over here and lick my pussy right in front of my husband”. Now it was his turn for a little shock. It was all giggles when she was stroking his big dick for him under the water, but now I was sitting right in front of them and he was obviously at a loss for words. I couldn’t help but laugh at him. He asked what was so funny and I finally told him that it was hilarious to watch the look on his face and that I knew all night what was going on. So then we all start laughing again and he says well if you think you can pull one on me and get away with it your wrong, now I’m gonna have to give your wife a fucking so good that she won’t even want you around anymore except to mow the yard and take out the trash! We all laughed at that and Angela even stuck up for me saying that it would be really hard for him to do a better job than me since we had been together since we were teenagers and that I know all the things that she loves to have done to her. So I called him out, so to speak and said, well Tim you talk a good game now let’s see if you can back it up. My sweet, usually mild wife said yeah Tim I gave you a dare now get over here and let’s see what you’ve got.

Tim stood up and didn’t say anything. I could see by the look on his face that he wanted her bad. He was hard as a rock and I remember thinking that I had never seen one so thick. And I had seen a lot of them in the locker room at the gym and when I played football. He simply laid down in front of her and eased her legs open wide. He just lay there staring at her hot little pussy for a minute and then went to work. He licked up and down and teased her clit at the top of every stroke of his tongue. It was working too; she started making little moaning noises and breathing heavy. That’s when I decided to move a little closer to the action. I moved up by her head and pushed my dick past her sexy full lips. I moved it in and out for a little while but I didn’t want to take her mind off of the pleasure she was getting. So I moved around behind her and sat her up just a little, enough so that she could rest her top half on me and I could caress her soft breasts. She also loves it when I gently twist and pull at the same time on her nipples. Not very hard, just enough that it feels good (we’re not into pain). Tim was still teasing her, and she was beginning to squirm around and make little whimpering noises. I knew that by now she was wanting some relief, so I told Tim that she loves it when I cover her clit with my mouth and suck while I lick it really hard and fast. As soon as he started doing what I suggested she started cumming really hard! She was shaking violently, screaming “ don’t stop, don’t stop”! I had never seen her cum so hard! It was incredible and such a huge turn on. 

When she came down from her sexual high I asked her what it was that made her cum so hard? Tim said, “ Yeah I’ve never seen a woman get off like that before”. Angela told us that it was everything combined that did it. The excitement of having two men, the feeling of having us both doing the things that she loved at the same time, and the way he had teased her for so long drove her pussy crazy. 

We let her lay there for a minute enjoying the after glow and then I said “ ok sweetie, time for round two”. She just smiled at me and said that after what we gave her that we could do what ever we wanted to her. I looked at Tim and he had a big smile on his face as he eased himself up on her chest and put his oversized dick against her lips and rubbed it back and forth all over her full, made for sucking, lips. I sat and watched for a few minutes as he toyed with her. He seemed to really be into teasing. Then he slipped the huge round head past her lips and into her mouth. Angela had propped herself up on her elbows and he was now feeding her the head of his dick while holding the back of her head. I say the head because that was truly as much as she could fit in her mouth! It was just SO thick! So then I decided to join the fun but there wasn’t enough room to get between her legs and fuck her pussy while he was using her mouth that way. So I decided to lick her sexy little pussy some more and get her ready to take the fucking she was about to get from both of us. I decided to use Tim’s teasing technique and soon she was having a hard time concentrating on sucking while he moved in and out, fucking her mouth. She gives great head too. She always uses her tongue all over my dick while it goes in and out of her mouth. Though I’m not sure if she had enough room to do that with his. I just kept teasing her until finally she pushed him away enough to say between heavy breaths that she wanted to be fucked right now! 

I told her to turn around and get up on her knees. When she did I didn’t even try to ease into her. I knew she would be more than wet enough for what I was going to do. With a swift hard thrust I shoved my entire hard as steel cock into her. She screamed at the surprise and I held her hips so I could keep myself inside her as deep as I could go for just a few seconds. When I pulled back I asked her if she wanted it again. In a stained voice she cried yeah do it again. So I pulled out, took aim and slammed myself as hard as I could back into her tight pussy. This time I didn’t stop though. I just kept on fucking her like that. Tim watched as I pushed my dick in as far as it would go and as hard as I could push. He could see that my wife was loving it too. “Man I’d love to be able to fuck a woman like that,” he said to us. I told him to saddle up and that I thought she could handle him. I told him that the only thing was that he probably couldn’t enter her like I did. To go slow till she says she’s ready for it. 

So I backed out of the way and went around to her face so she could suck my dick while she got the biggest cock of her life. She started licking me and then took me into her mouth sucking me real slow the way I like it. Tim had already moved up behind her and was rubbing the head of his monster up and down her pussy lips. When he started doing that she began moaning on my dick and it felt soooo good! Then all of the sudden her eyes got really big and her mouth clamped down on me really hard. I looked back and Tim was in her up to his balls and pushing as hard as he could. She let my dick pop out of her sweet mouth and let out a squeal. Then she asked Tim if he was trying to fuck her or kill her. He immediately started apologizing and pulling out but she cut him off and said do it again! I looked right into her eyes as he pushed hard up into her. Holding her hips just as I had done and moaning as he forced his huge cock in as far as it would go and once he was all the way in he would push himself even harder against her pussy mound, just like I had done. Angela squealed again and then had another orgasm just as hard as her first. She twisted and screamed and then started shouting that she loved his giant cock and that she wanted more. He kept right on fucking her slow and really deep all through her climax as she was shouting things like “oh yeah fuck me with that big fat dick”. 

As soon as she calmed down a little it was his turn. He started fucking faster and slamming his big tool into her hard and deep. I saw him grip her hips tight and shove all the way in when he came. He held her like that for a long time and I was wondering how he could cum that much? When he finally pulled out I wasted no time. I wanted to feel her pussy after she had been fucked. I eased my dick into her and it was definitely different than when I had already fucked her. Her pussy was so stretched! And every time I thrust into her his cum would push out all around my cock. Even though I couldn’t feel much, it was so damn kinky to me to be fucking her like this after such a huge dick had just fucked her, that I came within minutes. And man did I cum! I filled her pussy until it overflowed with Tim’s juice and mine. I stayed inside her for a minute and when I pulled out there was a huge amount cum leaking out and down her thighs. She looked so sexy lying there completely satisfied and full of our cum. I looked at Tim and said, “ Damn was that fun or what”! I told you I had the best wife in the world. We all started laughing again and the rest of the night was a total repeat of the first half. We would tell stories and laugh, then Tim and I would take turns fucking my wife. Once she got on top of Tim and rode him knowing that I wouldn’t be able to resist sliding my dick into her tight ass. She told me later that she absolutely loved having two dicks in her at the same time. 

After a while we all passed out and slept until about noon the next day. When we woke up my wife made us some sandwiches as Tim and I got the horses saddled back up. After we finished eating we started riding back home. We hadn’t made it a half hour down the trail when my wife had Tim’s cock in her little hand stroking it. He immediately got off the horse and pulled her down and started fucking her right there. It didn’t take long for him to cum and then it was up to me to get her off. She told me that she wanted me to lick her pussy and even though he had just came in her I couldn’t resist. I love making her cum. 

After I finished her off I took my turn fucking her and we were soon riding back to the house again. When we got back Angela took our stuff inside while Tim and I took the saddles off the horses and fed them. Tim finished with his before me and went to help my wife put things away. I finished mine shortly after and walked to the house. The first thing I saw when I walked in was my sweet little loving wife on her knees with the head of Tim’s dick in her mouth again. I remember thinking I’ve created a monster, then thought, no I’ve created a nympho. 
