 The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead (or just confused) is entirely coincidental. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

This story takes place in the entirely fictional city of Springfield, California, so don't go looking for it on a map. And in my little fictional world, there are no unwanted pregnancies or STD's, except as plot driving devices. The author encourages the practice of safe-sex.

This story contains elements of m/f and f/f sexual activity. If you are offended by either type of content, please stop now.

----------------- -----------

Tara and Keira were stowing their gear, preparing for a month long ocean voyage. Tara could scarcely believe that people were actually able to take that much time off, but Keira explained it was a cruise for the rich, the famous and/or the retired. 

The last two weeks had been fun, but Tara's heart had been uneasy. After seeing Keira and Carlos, the ship's dance instructor, having sex, she had found herself fending off feelings of jealousy. But she wasn't sure who she was jealous of or why. But her friendship with Keira had endured. Also, her she had become a closer friend with Karen and Sam, the couple with whom she had a number of sexual encounters, starting on her last voyage and continuing on and off for the last couple weeks. Sam, a plastic surgeon, had agreed to give her a great deal on breast augmentation surgery when she got back. She was tired of being flat. She had nice musculature overall, but she wanted a set of curves. The surgery was going to take place within a few days of her return.

But that was later. For the moment, she had cabins to clean and toilets to plunge. As she went through her rounds that first day, she spent a lot of time checking out the passengers. As expected, their ages varied from the early twenties to the seventies, and they consisted of everything from retired couples to rich young newlyweds, as well as a smattering of wealthy bachelors and bachelorettes. Within a few days, she had already found evidence of their romantic trysts, seen overweight and balding men in bathing suits a size to small and an older woman get drunk and naked and go streaking down the corridor. It had been like watching a heavily wrinkled dog get set loose on the ship, and it was an image that would haunt Tara for the rest of her life.

--------------- ----------------------

A week into the voyage . . . 

--------------- ----------------------

Tara was sitting at a table with the rest of the Lounge gang. Everyone except Tara, Jeff (a lifeguard) and a waiter named Paul were drunk off their asses. Sunny had stumbled off with some guy she had just met, Thomas (one of the cooks) and Jared (an assistant to the activities director) were so far gone they were going to need to be helped back to their room, and Carlos and Keira decided to head over to his room for some "rest and relaxation." While Tara had found her niche in the group as "the quiet new girl," she found herself wanting to scream when her bunkmate and the dance instructor went off to have sex. She knew she should talk to Keira about things so that Tara's jealousy didn't affect their friendship, but she still wasn't sure why she felt the things she did. It infuriated her that those two gorgeous specimens were going to be getting down and dirty . . . and hot . . . and sweaty . . . Without much warning, her irritation turned into arousal. The more she thought about what those two were going to be doing, the more aroused she became.

Finally, Thomas and Jared announced they wanted to go bed. Jeff and Paul agreed to help the inebriated duo back to their room, which was luckily right next to the one Jeff and Paul shared. They asked if Tara wanted to tag along, an offer she accepted. She knew that if she went back to her room, her jealous thoughts would wander again.

"You smell rotten, dude," Jeff said in his valley accent. Jeff was a goofball who had spent most of his life on the beach. His face always made it look like he was stoned, but he never actually touched the stuff. He had short, curly blonde hair and a nice build. He wasn't as cut as Carlos was, but he never lacked for attention from the ladies. Paul wasn't bad to look at either. He was tall and thin, but not emaciated. He had short, straight black hair and high cheekbones that made him look a bit effeminate. But he was a genuine sweetheart who got along with Tara very well.

"I shmell just fine, fank vou airy much," Jared slurred as he was deposited unceremoniously on his bed. Paul dumped Thomas on the other bed, and then the three remaining comrades went next door to hang for a bit.

"They are going to be hurting SO much in the morning," snickered Paul.

"Bastards deserve it," said Tara. "That'll teach them to drink so much."

"Okay, Miss Prim and Proper. We'll see how nice everyone treats you the first that YOU get tipsy." This was Jeff, who was always smiling.

"I've gotten drunk before," Tara admitted shyly.

"Oh really? Did you get wild and naked and end up in a barn somewhere with a guy with only two teeth and two first names?" 

"Fuck you Paul!"

"Any time, any place," the dark-haired boy shot back. "Seriously, what happened?"

"I was at a party. The punch was spiked. I realized something was up, so I stumbled home and went to bed." Tara blushed and lowered her head. "Not very exciting, I guess."

"Don't go gettin' shy on us again," said Jeff. "Not everyone is the 'wild and crazy' type."

As is often the case when a young person is accused of being 'not cool' somehow, Tara instinctively went on the defensive. "I can be wild and crazy if want to!"

"Oh yeah? What's the wildest thing you've ever done?"

Tara went quiet again.

"C'mon, you brought it up! What's the craziest thing that you've ever done?"

Tara voice failed her at first, but she finally got the words out. "On the last cruise, I had sex with a doctor and his wife," she said silently. Up until that point, Keira had been the only other member of the gang she had told. "It started out as them paying me to watch them have sex, but then they got me to join in."

Both her companions' eyes were wide open and their jaws had hit their chests. "Fuckin' good God girl!" said Jeff at last. "Here we were thinking you was all introverted and shit," he continued. "And his wife too? Tell us every fuckin' thing!"

Tara grinned and bit her bottom lip, but eventually spilled her entire adventure with Sam and Karen. As she was talking, she noticed Paul lean forward in an attempt to hide a noticeable bulge in his trousers. She smiled. 'That'll teach you to make fun of me,' she thought. But by the time she was done, Jeff seemed to be having the same problem. Tara found the whole thing somewhat empowering, and her pulse seemed to be racing. 

"So why are you getting a boob job?" Paul asked. "I mean, it's your call, but I really don't think you need one."

"Puh-Lease!" came Tara's retort. "I'm flat as a board, and it pisses me off! I'd like to get some attention of my own, and I can't really count on running into people like Sam and Karen all the time."

"You GET attention," Jeff said, still trying to hide his erection. "You just don't notice. I've seen it before from people who aren't used to being around a lot of people. Maybe you aren't as top heavy as Keira, but you've got a nice butt . . ."

Tara tuned out for a moment. Jeff had just done too things. He had reminded her about Keira, which in turn reminded her about Keira and Carlos, which got her jealous again. And it told Tara that Jeff had been looking at her . . . posterior. "You think I have a nice butt?" she asked coyly.

He grinned. "Oh yeah." Then he stopped, realizing that he had been caught. "Hey, Paul was looking too!"

"You fucking tattle-tale!" laughed Paul.

"I might have figured it out from the tents in your pants," Tara blurted out. Silence. Then all three started laughing. But Tara couldn't take her eyes of Paul's crotch. Paul caught her staring.

"Take a picture," he said. "It'll last longer."

"I don't have a camera with a telescopic lens," she returned.

That got Jeff laughing so hard he fell of the bunk. Paul looked indignant. He stood up, unzipped his pants and let his eight-inch cock spring forth.

"Still think you need a telescope?" he said with a smug grin.

"Put that thing away," Jeff gasped between guffaws.

But Tara didn't want him to put it away. She actually licked her lips as she stared at it. Then, she reached out and grasped it.

"Oh shit," groaned Paul. "Tara, I didn't mean . . . You don't have to . . ."

"I want to," she said. And she meant it. Just like with Karen and Sam, she found herself wanting their attention. And they were her friends, so she didn't really have to worry about them hurting her. And that smooth, hot cock felt so good in her hands. 'Why should Keira and Carlos be the only ones having fun tonight?' she asked herself. She dropped to her knees and, without any further hesitation, took the head of Paul's dick into her mouth. It was so warm and velvety. It was longer than Sam's had been and the head actually seemed to be a little smaller than the widest point of the shaft. She sunk as far down on his root as she could (which was about half way down), then drug her tongue along the delicate skin underneath as she pulled back. She was trying to remember everything that Sam and Karen had taught her.

Then she felt a pair of hands cupping her denim-clad ass. Apparently Jeff was feeling a little left out. She unzipped her fly while continuing to go down on Paul. She felt her pants being pushed down past her ass, but there was only so far they could go in that position. So she pushed Paul back so she could keep sucking his dick while she straightened her legs, allowing Jeff to push her pants and panties down to her ankles and letting her step out of them. 

"Dude," Jeff said, "she's shaved down here." After her first encounter with Sam and Karen, she had taken to shaving her pubic region. "She looks so fuckin' sweet," he added before burying his tongue in her exposed box. 

'I'm doing it,' Tara thought. 'I'm about to fuck two guys at once.' She remembered how it had looked when she had caught Keira and Carlos together. Tara went down on Paul until she actually started to gag noisily, letting her spit dribble out the corners of her mouth. She pulled all the way Paul's member and started jacking him off with her hand. "Talk dirty to me," she said before licking the head of Paul's dick. "Please?"

"What a dirty little whore she is," Paul said with a smile. "Jeff, did you realize we had a little slut in the making right beside us for the last month?"

Jeff was a little too busy using broad strokes of his tongue to light up the pleasure centers in Tara's pussy to respond, but he did give the girl's ass a nice smack, causing it to redden. 

"Did you like that slut?" Paul asked. "Do it again Jeff." Jeff spanked her again. Paul grabbed Tara's head and began taking charge of the tempo, though he was still careful not to feed her more than she could handle. 

Tara's arousal level was at an all time high. There were so many things she suddenly wanted to try, and she had found a great couple of guys to try them with. She used one hand to fondle Paul's heavy testicles while noisily slurping on his fleshy rod. Jeff's tongue was working all kinds of magic, and his hands had slid up her sweatshirt and was playing her nipples. She was a little uncomfortable with that due to her feelings about her chest size, but Jeff didn't seem to care. And he had apparently eaten pussy a time or two in his twenty-five years of life, because she loved the sensations he was giving her. He played with her inner labia, traced the outer mound and flicked her clit repeatedly. 

"Hold up," Paul said. "I don't want to cum in your mouth. At least, not right now." Tara pulled his dick out of her mouth and just coddled his testicles for a minute while he waited for the need to cum to subside. "Why don't you suck Jeff off now? He deserves a little treat for licking your cunt, don't ya think?" 

Tara gave a shy smile and turned around. Jeff stood up and took his jeans off. His cock was shorter than Paul's, maybe six and a half inches long, but it was as think as her wrist with a nice bulbous head! She was only able to fit a couple of those inches in her mouth as it's girth stretched her lips into an "O" shape. She was slobbering all over it in no time. And Paul had taken over the roll of eating Tara at. He didn't try as many things as Jeff had, preferring to go up and down the slot hard and quick. He did use his fingers a bit, and he also flicked his tongue against her asshole a couple of times. She was surprised at how pleasurable that felt. Her moan of approval encouraged Paul to do that more often. Then she felt a finger pressed against her sphincter. Her buttocks flinched. 

"Tara," Paul said apologetically, "sorry. I . . ."

"It's okay," she said. "Go ahead. And where's the dirty talk?"

She could almost sense Paul grinning evilly. "What a little whore she is," he said to Jeff, who had taken a cue from Paul and had grabbed Tara's head and was shoving his cock into her mouth a little harder. Tara wanted to play rough, so he would play rough. Paul slid a finger into her rectum and tentatively explored with it, but he never desisted in his oral attentions. 

Tara felt a pressure building up in her body. She let Jeff's cock slide completely out her mouth. "Oh God," she muttered, "I think I'm gonna cum," she cooed as her ass and legs started trembling. Paul enjoyed watching Tara's pussy try and clamp down on his tongue, while her asshole did a good job of capturing his finger. She wasn't a big gusher, but he did see her cum cover the outer labia, making them look deliciously slick. After her orgasm had subsided, he started rubbing his hand over her mound to get his fingers wet, then he used those fingers to tease her asshole some more. Then he stood up and spanked her ass again, making it glow red. Tara looked back at him at smiled. His cock was still hard, sticking out in front of him like a flagpole. 

"I'm on the pill," she said, "if that's what you're wondering."

He smiled back and pushed the head of his cock into her waiting box. "Do you want this?" he asked. "Let me hear how you want it!"

She had started blowing Jeff again, but stopped to answer. "I want you to fuck me," Tara said. "I want you to fit your great big dick into my pussy and fuck me hard." She blushed a bit. She had been the one who had asked for the boys to talk dirty, but she was a bit unused to it herself. But she was also beginning to like it. 

Paul sank all eight inches into Tara's body. "You're gonna half to try this," he gasped to Jeff. "She's so fuckin' tight! I've never fucked such a tight pussy in such a little slut before!" He started pounding away, his hips slapping hard and often against her ass. Tara was back to sucking Jeff's cock, taking as much as half of his thick beef stick into her mouth. She might never be able to deep throat like Karen had, but Jeff wasn't complaining. And Paul kept fingering her asshole, which she found more than a little pleasurable. Her pussy and mouth were both being stretched to capacity. After about five minutes, she decided to change things. She'd been bent over long enough for her back to start bothering her. She lay on her back while Paul straddled her neck and stuck his cock into her mouth. She tasted her own fresh juices on his shaft, savoring them as his dick slid down her throat. Jeff positioned himself between her legs at the other end of the bed and stuck his shaft into her pussy. 

"Oh fuck," she murmured around Paul's dick as Jeff's particularly thick tool split her open and stuffed her like a Christmas turkey. She wrapped her legs around Jeff's waist as he fucked her with reckless abandon. 

"Man, the other guys are going to be so pissed when the find out what a fine piece of pussy they missed out on," Jeff grunted. 

"Maybe," said Paul. "Or maybe this little slut will want some more tomorrow. She seems to be built for taking cock!"

Tara's mind actually rolled over the idea. She let Paul's dick slip out of her mouth. Then she licked her lips, smiled, and devoured his shaft again. For all their talk, Tara was FEELING like a slut, and she was enjoying it. 

There was no rhyme or reason to the boys' thrusting. Both Paul and Jeff were just thrusting their meat into Tara's holes with impunity. More and more of Paul's beautiful dick was vanishing into Tara's throat. She had a hint of tears in her eyes as she tried to suppress her gag reflex, but she wanted to take as much of that shaft into her mouth as possible. She grasped Paul's taut buttocks and helped in pushing him against her face. Jeff's member was keeping her pussy nicely stretched as he pounded away. Every thrust elicited a high-pitched grunt to emanate from Tara's mouth and travel up the skin of Paul's cock. Her oral emanations further stimulating Paul's sensitive member, and quickly pushed him over the edge.

"Does the little slut want a drink?" Paul said with heavy breath.

"Mmh hmm!" she hummed. Without further adieu, she felt his cock start to pump and she felt the first wave of warm cum plastering the inside of her mouth and throat. His smooth butt cheeks were so tight beneath her hands as she held him inside her. As the last wave of Paul's jizz unloaded into her, and as a healthy gob leaked out of her mouth and down both sides of her chin, Jeff unloaded into her pussy. Soon, she was dripping white, sticky-sweet juice from both ends. 

Jeff pulled out and sat on his bed, but Paul remained locked between Tara's lips as she slowly and gently nursed his remaining seed from his softening, tender dick. She had swallowed as much as she could, but a good amount had seeped out and covered her face. Paul started scooping up the excess with his fingers and sticking them into her mouth, letting Tara suck off the residue greedily. 

"What a nasty little slut," Paul said with a grin while Tara smiled and blushed furiously. 

"Crap, it's late!" said Jeff. The blonde lifeguard promptly rolled over and went to sleep.

"How does he do that?" Paul muttered. Tara almost felt she should be offended, but she couldn't help but snicker. Paul joined her in soft laughter. "So," he said, "did you want to just crash here or . . ."

Tara thought about it. She felt no shame about what she had just done, but for some reason she didn't want to see Keira right then. "Yeah," she said, "but I need to get up early tomorrow." 

Paul reached over and set his alarm for an obscenely early hour, turned off the light and the two friends curled up under the covers. 

'Why don't I want to see Keira right now?' she said as Paul wrapped an arm around her. 'It's not like she's exactly a saint.' Confused but sexually satisfied, she basked in the warmth of Paul's body as she felt sleep claiming her.

------------------- -----------------

The next morning . . . 

------------------- -----------------

Tara woke up early, about fifteen minutes before alarm was set to go off. She slid out of bed and tiptoed into the bathroom. She took a moment to stare at her reflection in the mirror. She still looked . . . satisfied. 'What are you doing, girl?' she thought to herself. She noticed a small spot of dried cum on her chin. 'Shit, I'd better shower.' She quietly grabbed her clothes off the bedroom floor, got dressed and headed back to her own room. With any luck, she'd be able to sneak in without waking Keira and get cleaned up. She felt bad about sneaking out on Paul, but despite the fun she had during the previous night's sex, she was feeling a bit less confident that she had done the right thing.
