 The next morning when I opened my eyes I saw Mercy was just stirring. I got an idea in my head and reached over to stroke her.

"That feels really nice," she said, "but we should save our stamina for tonight. Besides, you don't need any more practice. That was perfect."

"It was," I smiled.

I had trouble concentrating at work. All kinds of thoughts and scenarios kept running through my head. I would tell myself just to ride with it and that would work for a while and then off I would go again.

Mercy called at lunch.

"Rich, I just called to tell you I love you."

"I love you too."

I skipped out of work an hour early. I wasn't getting anything done anyway. I took a long hot shower as soon as I got home and then lay down on the bed to rest for a minute. The next thing I was aware of was a warm wet feeling around my dick. I felt something soft and wet moving against it and I instantly began to harden. I opened my eyes and saw Mercy naked between my legs her mouth wrapped around my cock, her hair and body wet from a shower.

It felt so good I didn't care about 'saving me strength.' Mercy had not awakened me this way in a very long time. Something told me it was best to pretend I was still asleep. I quickly closed my eyes and dropped my head back.

Mercy redoubled her efforts. She cupped my balls in the palm of one hand and used her free fingers to massage my perineum and play around my ass. Her other hand held my cock while she licked around the head like she was eating a lollipop she wanted to last forever. She nibbled on the bottom of my head.

She took my whole cock in her mouth. I thought she was going to deep throat me until I felt my cock vibrating. She was humming. As the humming got louder it felt better. Then I heard what she was humming. It was the Barney theme song. That broke the mood.

"Oh God, Barney, you suck my cock so good."

She started to laugh and it was all over as I joined her. She smiled at me.

"Good morning sleepy head. Or should I say sleepy heads? We'll finish that later. Are you ready for our big adventure?"

I was still a little groggy. I nodded my head and then went to the bathroom to rescue my showered bedhead hair before getting dressed. We took care of shredding all the open documents before we left. Mercy took a spare purse and I grabbed a spare wallet into which I stuck my driver's licensce, some cash, and a credit card.

We didn't say much on the drive over. We were both nervous and excited. We arrived at 5:40 and sat in the car for a couple of minutes. I locked my wallet in the glove compartment and then joined Mercy.

We turned to each other before entering the restaurant. I was going to tell her 'I love you' when I looked in her eyes and saw she already received that message without me saying anything and was sending it back to me.

I gave the Maitre d' our name and handed him the envelope. He showed us to our table. We told the waitress we would wait for our friends before ordering drinks.

We didn't recognize Karen and Steve until the Maitre d' was only a few steps away. We were looking for the people we had seen in the pictures, not the unaltered ones. I don't know how they did the altering but it was impressive. Steve and Karen's faces were different in a way that was equally attractive to the pictures we had been shown. It was uncanny.

We rose to introduce ourselves. Steve and I shook hands while the women hugged each other and then Karen hugged me and Mercy hugged Steve. The waitress was there before we were all seated and took our drink orders.

Steve and I both ordered a bourbon and Coke. He broke the ice right away.

"I understand this is your first official time?"

"Yes."

"We have been in the club for about a year. It has been great. We have never been happier. The first time was a little awkward. But we were partnered up well and it all came naturally.

"A couple on their first time always hosts. The visiting couple is expected to be the good guest and keep conversation going. The club suggests a couple of topics."

The waitress was back with our drinks in record time. Steve raised his glass to me and I knocked his. Karen and Mercy joined us.

"To new beginnings."

After we set our glasses down we resumed our conversation. I remembered the envelope and set it in a discreet place on the table after making sure Steve saw it. Steve reached into his pocket and then smiled at me as he opened his fist to show me a few pills. I reached in my pocket and got mine. We tossed them down our throats and chased them with our drinks.

"So I hear you were the sports editor of your college newspaper."

"Yes," I replied, a little off guard.

"I wrote sports for my college paper too."

We carried on that conversation for several minutes until we were interrupted by our waitress taking our order. By that time we had exchanged a few war stories. I already liked Steve a lot. I glanced over at Mercy and Karen and saw them in a deep discussion also. My eyes lingered on Karen for a few seconds. She was growing more attractive by the minute.

After we gave our orders Steve turned to Mercy and talked journalism with her. Mercy had been a reporter for a big city newspaper when I met her but dropped her career to be with me.

"You're a big fan of The Wire?"

Karen almost startled me. I recovered quickly.

"Best TV show ever made."

"No argument there. Which season was your favorite?"

"You know, I've thought about it a lot and not only can I not pick one out, I really can't even eliminate any of the five from contention."

Karen and I hit it off so easy it was magic. We found we had several other things in common. We talked constantly throughout appetizers and salads, just flowing from one topic to the next. I was aware that Steve and Mercy were similarly engaged. Sometimes during natural pauses we would all join together on a topic and then split off again. I could have stayed there for hours.

"This restaurant is a true European style restaurant," I said, "They don't rush you and even encourage you to spend several hours here. No annoying staff asking 'how is everything?' A good waiter is like a good sports official, you are barely aware they are there."

"That's one of the things we loved about our trip to Italy..."

Karen and I compared notes on Italy and then on art and then sensuality and we were flirting heavily by the time our main courses arrived. I was undressing her with my eyes as I felt her x-ray vision scanning my clothing.

Once the main course arrived we all stayed in one conversation. The sexual tension was unlike anything I had ever experienced. It was exciting. Anticipation is one of my favorite feelings. I embraced it and it made the food more savory and the wine even better. We were on our second bottle. Karen finished eating first and I felt her hand on my thigh.

I looked over at Mercy and saw she and Steve were sitting quite close. She happened to look up at me. She smiled and blew me a quick discreet kiss with her lips only. I returned it back.

I felt Karen's hand move a little further up my leg. My cock didn't need much encouraging and was raging for action. Fortunately I had the foresight to dress in an extremely confining pair of briefs.

I used my spare hand to return Karen's attentions while I ate my dessert with the other. The Maitre d' stopped by and discreetly delivered the envelope.

"Your bill has been settled sir. Thank you and have a good evening."

There was an barely perceptible change in the atmosphere at the table. It was a signal to move on to the next part of the evening. I handed Mercy the envelope.

"Go to the Glenrose Hotel. Use Valet Parking. Show the manager the enclosed certificates."

Mercy handed Karen one of the vouchers. We stood up and went to our cars. I had suggested Karen ride with me. Steve said that wasn't a good idea. Later he explained it was against club policy in case someone we knew saw us. Later when I checked on-line I saw that was clearly written. So many rules to remember.

The Hotel was a short drive anyway. We left our car with the valet and went inside. The clerk at the desk buzzed the manager when we presented our certificate.

"Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Chambers. We have your room all ready. Here you are."

He gave us key cards with our room number, 1237, printed on it. We headed to the elevator. It was on the top floor and in a more isolated part of the hotel.

When we unlocked the door and turned on the lights we saw the spacious room with a mini-bar and king-size bed. In the middle of the bed was a large manila envelope. Mercy pointed out the shredder near the door. We embraced each other and kissed briefly before we were interrupted by a knock on the door.

We let the Grey's in. Steve flashed the envelope holding his key card. It said 1236.

"The host couple always gets the real room while the other couple gets the adjoining room closer to the center of the hotel. This provides cover and a little more 'noise buffer.'"

I took the large envelope, opened it, and distributed the smaller envelopes inside. Once everyone had their envelope we all opened them and read the contents.

Today's scenario is called Power Play / Toy Box. It is an overnighter.

You will find a brand new deck of cards in the toy chest. Select a dealer and shuffle the cards and deal one out face up to each player. Low player removes an item of clothing. Each player has 8 items for this game. If there is a tie both players remove unless it is an underwear round.

Underwear round: Once a player is down to two items the following rules apply: High card has the option to remove the item of clothing, ties going to the other couple and then the opposite spouse. If a player is down to two items and is involved in a tie with someone who has three or more items they do not remove an item of clothing.

The last player to have clothing remaining is in charge for the next hour. He or she may direct the other three however he or she wants. There is a timer in the toy chest. Once the hour is up the couples split into normal 'swing' relationships for the rest of the evening.

Each bedroom will have a 'toybox' in it for your use and pleasure. Take the toys with you when you are done either to keep or dispose of. The females get to choose which toys they want from their room and the males may take the remainder. There are black plastic bags in the boxes.

I was pretty excited. I always loved the idea of 'sex games' and fantasized about them a lot. Now it would finally be a reality.

Steve got the cards out of the toy box. The timer turned out to be an hour glass. We sat around the table. After shuffling and letting Karen cut I dealt the cards. Steve took off a shoe.

Things stayed fairly even for a while but once everyone had lost three items things turned south for the males. While the women each lost a sock on a tie, Steve and I were soon down to our pants and underwear. We both were sporting significant bulges.

Steve lost the next hand and Karen had the high card. She took her time and did the honor of presenting him to us, slowly peeling down his dress pants to reveal a pair of black jockey shorts straining at the seams.

Mercy lost the next hand and had to take off her pants. She was wearing lacy black underwear the provoked a wolf whistle from Steve.

The next round Steve had low card and I had high. I declined the opportunity to strip him down.

"I have the next highest so I'll do it," Mercy said as she stood up preemptively walked over to Steve. This wasn't in the rules but she us checkmated.

She knelt down in front of him and ran her hand over his bulging shorts provoking a response. She smiled and slowly peeled his jockeys down. I had seen enough guys fuck my wife that I had learned not to compare sizes jealously. But I was still curious. As it emerged Steve's cock appeared to be slightly thicker than mine. Finally it popped out at about the point where mine would have. Mercy exclaimed as it 'accidentally' hit her in the face and then sat down. I glanced over at Karen and saw in her eyes that Mercy had crossed a line, but she would let it slide.

Steve was now a spectator. We let him deal the next hand. Karen lost her pants. She stood up and walked over near me. She slowly and seductively unfastened her pants and slid them down her legs, rubbing her hands over her red thong and down her thighs. I couldn't get any harder. I began to see the value of this game. The anticipation of what was to come was driving me wild.

Karen sat down and won the next hand which I lost.

She made the most of it. It was her turn to one-up Mercy She had me stand up. She rubbed up against me as she unbuckled my belt. She ran her hands inside my pants over my ass to edge them down and then slid them to the front where she spent much longer than necessary feeling my cock as she worked them down further. Finally she raised a foot and pushed them the rest of the way down before retaking her seat.

Mercy didn't have time to react as Karen, who was now the dealer, dealt the cards. Mercy was high and I was low. Mercy had me stand up now. She guided me over to Karen so she had a front row seat. She remained behind me and slid her hands down the back of my black jockey shorts, squeezing my cheeks and then sliding her hands around front. I felt her lower herself, taking her hands with her, until finally my cock popped out just like Steve's.

It was down to the two women now. They both turned up eights. They looked at each other, stood up, and performed sexy strip teases while they removed their blouses. Both had bras that matched their panties. Steve and I were practically salivating. It wouldn't be long now. Mercy and Karen saw the desire in our eyes and took their time.

It was my turn to deal. After shuffling I turned up a three for Karen. I got primed to get my first exposure of her as I turned over Mercy's card. It was a three also. Nothing happened for a moment. Then Karen spoke up.

"Double or nothing?"

"You're on."

I handed the cards to Steve. He turned up a ten for Mercy. I knew better this time but was confident of victory until I saw that Karen's card was a face card.

"Stand up girl. I want to give my man a show!"

Mercy surrendered and smiled. She stood up and slinked over to stand in front of Steve. Karen stood behind her and unfastened her bra. It draped on Mercy's breasts. Steve was practically drooling.

I remembered the hour glass and flipped it over. It reminded me of The Wizard of Oz. 'We're not in Kansas anymore, Toto,' I thought.

"Lap dance time...and no touching young man or you'll be strapped to that chair for the next hour."

This was a little mini-fantasy for Mercy. Neither of us have ever been to a strip club, I never saw the appeal. But we have seen them in movies. She gave me one once with my hands tied behind my back that drove me wild. I envied Steve.

As Mercy straddled Steve's legs and slid up so their chests were touching, Karen whispered in her ear. Mercy began to grind her panties against his crotch as she rubbed her bra draped tits on his chest, slowly making it go lower and lower. Karen came over and sat side saddle on my lap.

"Same rules for you. No touching unless you want to pay for it severely."

She began to fondle my cock while she watched the show. We were both entranced. Steve's eyes almost jumped out of their sockets onto Mercy's breasts when her bra fell free. She gave him a better show than she gave me.

"What did you tell her?"

Karen looked at me. She was enjoying the power she has over me.

"I told her that if she could get him to touch her I'd let her use him as her boy toy for the rest of the time."

Mercy was doing her best. Her breasts swayed in front of Steve's face, nipples stiff. He was trying hard not to wrap his lips around them. He was like a thirsty man trying to resist a glass of saltwater. He was doing his best Gene Simmons imitation with his tongue, figuring that didn't count as 'touching'. I could almost see the cartoon devil on one shoulder telling him that one little touch wouldn't matter while the angel was telling him to hold out and he would be rewarded. After a few minutes Karen was the angel.

"OK. You both did well. That means I win. Come over here and give me pleasure for the rest of the time."

Karen stood up.

"Rich, you may undress me first. Steve, you know what I like."

Steve headed over to the toy box while I reigned in my impulse to tear off Karen's bra and panties. Instead I walked over to her.

"Hello beautiful," I ventured, "You look sexy today."

"I can see that," she smiled, looking down at my cock.

I put my hands on her bra and tits and caressed them for a moment before reaching around behind her and unfastening her. I held on to the straps and pulled it away from her. Her beautiful breasts made me catch my breath.

"They're spectacular!"

"Yes, and they're real."

"What about this?" I said as I knelt down and hooked my thumbs into the waistband of her panties.

"It's spectacular too, but you should probably taste it to be sure."

I didn't hesitate. I love licking pussy. I consider myself a connoisseur. I steadily slid her panties down her legs, revealing her appetizing cunt, already glistening with excitement.

Steve reappeared with a small long butt plug and some lube. Karen put her hands on my shoulders and leaned over and Steve slid it in her ass. There was a wire that led to a control in Steve's hand. Karen sat back on the bed and spread her legs. I scrambled up onto the bed between them and eagerly buried my face in her slit and began to use my tongue. I moved my hands up towards her nipples but bumped into the faces of Mercy and Steve who were on opposite sides of Karen, each giving one of her breasts full oral attention. So I slid my hands under her ass and held one cheek in each hand.

As I settled into a rhythm I heard a buzzing noise and felt my face starting to vibrate. Karen's body reacted with pleasure as Steve activated the vibrating butt plug. I had now had the experience of licking several different pussies since starting our association with the Couples Club, but this was the first time I had ever licked one that was vibrating. It was a whole new experience. It felt like every touch of my tongue was magnified by 50%. She was flowing like crazy and I was licking it up.

Just when I started to figure out how best to please Karen I felt a tap on my shoulder. I tried to look without breaking contact. I pulled away after the second tap to see Steve standing behind me smiling and motioning me to switch spots with him. I was disappointed but complied.

Steve wasted no time resuming where I had left off. I went to his spot and knelt down and started to kiss, suck, and bite the side of Karen's right breast. I took it in my hands and worked my way around it, spiraling in towards her nipple. When I had that firmly in my mouth I glanced up to see Mercy across from me, Karen's other nipple in her mouth, smiling around it as she looked at me. I reached my hand across below Karen's neckline and Mercy met me half way. I felt the love coming through her palm and sent it back to her as we went to town on Mary's flesh.

She came suddenly and loudly, totally unconcerned if the neighbors in the next building could hear her, let alone the next room.

"Oh My God...YEEESSSSS! Oh Fuck YEESSS, YES, YES, YESSS! You guys are fantastic!"

She segued into a long primitive song of pleasure that seemed to last forever. Just as suddenly she stopped and shuddered and Mercy and I both sat up and smiled at her with envy -- not bad envy -- we just wished we were feeling the same thing. Karen just lay there with her eyes closed feeling the after tremors pulsate through her while Steve removed the butt plug and took it to the bathroom.
