 Shout out to Deni for editing this for me. Thanks!



Later that week I was scheduled for another business trip to check out a new "Suites and Eats". I checked to make sure Mercy wasn't busy and then let the club know we would be travelling and available.

About a week later we received an invite for that weekend. The couple was attractive enough for both of us and we said yes. But after we met at the restaurant it was all downhill. They were as attractive as their pictures but there wasn't a spark there. I didn't pick up until it was too late that both Bill and Jane had had significant 'pre-game lubrication' though it should have been obvious much earlier just by the level of their conversation. I debated using the 'safe phrase' to back out all the way until the bill came. But Mercy seemed to be enjoying herself so it seemed selfish to back out when I couldn't think of any way of explaining it later besides 'an uneasy feeling'.

The scenario was called 'Spouse Swap' and it turned out to be one where we went to our separate rooms and fucked for a couple of hours. The sex was vanilla, more boring than the dinner conversation had been and I had a hard time staying hard despite the earlier blue pill. By the time I made my excuses to Jane I could barely look at her -- she just seemed so skanky. I felt sordid. I sat on the bed back in our room and flipped on ESPN but wasn't really watching it. It was just white noise because I didn't want to think about things right then. 

When Mercy came in later and asked me about my night I tried and failed to hide what I was feeling. She told me that Bill was nothing special. I confessed I had almost pulled the plug on the evening but didn't because of her. She went to the television and turned it off. When she turned to face me she had a look on her that I saw so infrequently I didn't recognize it until she lit into me.

"Rich, we've been married a long time. I know you and trust you and I expect you trust me. If you are uncomfortable with a situation for whatever reason then I want you to follow your gut instincts. And when I say I want you to I mean I expect you to -- especially with something as important as this. Bill was marginal at dinner, I was just being polite, and he sucked in bed. And not in a good way.

"It almost feels like we were date raped last night. I feel dirty. I'm going to take a shower."

I stayed on the bed for a while. After letting the sting of Mercy's words wear off I was able to think and realize she was right. I felt like shit. And dirty too. I ventured into the bathroom, unsure if Mercy would yell at me to get out. Instead she peeked out of the shower curtain, smiled at me, and then put her hand on my arm to pull me in. I nodded and gently removed her hand so I could quickly undress. As soon as I was in the shower we embraced and held each other, not saying anything. I reveled in the absolution. Finally I broke it off and held her by the shoulders, looking her in the face as the water streamed around her.

"Mercy, you are absolutely right. I am so sorry. I let you down. I let us down.

"I feel angry at the club that they set us up with such an unsuitable couple and more that they gave us such an awful scenario, but we have to do a better job of taking care of ourselves and this one is on me."

She looked down for a minute and then back up at me.

"Rich, I'm sorry too. I thought about saying the 'safe phrase' during dinner too. I could tell that Bill wasn't going to be a very good lover and on top of that he drank too much. But I looked over at you once and could see on your face you wanted to stop things. So I deferred to you because that was easier. I thought at one point towards the end you were getting ready to say something and then Jane began to talk about her window treatments or the Big Brother show or the Kardashians for the fifth time and the check came before she shut up.

"I wonder how they ever got into the club and even more how we ended up with them."

We embraced again.

"We'll figure things out in the morning," I said as I held her. I felt her nod.

"Do you think if we slept in the shower tonight we might feel 'clean' when we wake up?"

Eventually we shut the shower off, wrapped ourselves in the plush hotel rubs and fell asleep in each other's arms.

-----------------.

In the morning when I woke up I picked up my thought process from where it had ceased as I was falling asleep -- coming up with ideas for never letting this happen again. When Mercy woke up we sat in bed talking about it. We splurged and ordered breakfast in bed, both because eating helps put bad experiences behind us but also because it reminded us of that glorious morning after our initiation.

One of the many good things about the club is that they demand feedback, and they take it seriously. We decided that when we got on-line later we would let them know that Bill and Jane had been totally incompatible with us and that they had showed up drunk; we would be even more emphatic that we didn't like those kinds of scenarios where we were both just basically having simultaneous affairs. 

We also vowed to be more vigilant in the future. We came up with some code phrases to use between us during future 'getting-to-know-you dinners after ruling out texting as being too obvious and rude.

After some silly brainstorming (Pig Latin) we decided to go with some code words. We chose positive expressions because negative ones might clue the other couple in. If one of us used the term 'marvelous', an adjective neither of us normally used, then that would mean we weren't sure we wanted to proceed but at that point would leave it to the discretion of the other person. "Fabulous" would mean we really wanted to back out but would reconsider if the other felt really strongly. Finally, "enchanting" would mean "It's complicated. I'm going to excuse myself and text you and then you can excuse yourself and go read it."

"What if one of us accidentally says one of those phrases when they don't mean to?"

I thought for a minute.

"We'll just go back and revise the word. Like you could say 'No, I didn't mean marvelous, I meant fantastic.' But for me, those words are all too 'metro' for me to ever use them accidentally."

Mercy giggled. "I was wondering about that. Are you sure you're okay with them?"

"Sure. I mean, if I decide I don't want to proceed with the woman and use the term 'Fabulous' I probably don't care if she thinks I'm not one hundred percent heterosexual."

I could tell Mercy felt better just like I did. The combination of a good breakfast and a good plan worked wonders. I decided to see if I was right.

"Speaking of which, it would be marvelous if we fucked right now."

Mercy smiled.

"I think it would be even more fabulous if you licked me first."

I grinned at her.

"You are so enchanting," I said as I snaked my way under the covers to lap at her obviously eager pussy. 

--------------------------------

We heard back from the club much sooner than expected. While the letter we received was written in typical 'customer service speak', we both detected an unwritten apology and an acknowledgement that they had fucked up, especially when we came across phrases like 'inadvertent mismatch'.

A week later when we received a coupon from the club for a 'Silver Vacation' which seemed to confirm our suspicions. It said we had won a random club drawing for an all-expenses-paid trip to anywhere in the United States and that we would get to select from several profiles instead of having one chosen for us. The other couple would have to agree of course.

The coupon was good for one year. We were tempted to use it right away but were both a little tight on vacation time. After we thought about it we agreed that it made more sense to wait and use the coupon when we were a little more experienced. 

We decided to write the whole 'B & J' experience off as a one-time screw up for now and accept the club back into our good graces. When we got another 'opportunity letter' a few weeks later we jumped back on the horse.

This date was in the next town over with Joe and Heather. Everything went almost as smoothly as the first time. They were as attractive as their pictures and the conversation rolled smoothly, though this time we all talked together instead of pairing off like we had with Steve and Karen. 

The sex was the same way. We ended up in a suite with an oversize King bed and the four of us played on it together most of the night, employing much of the 'sex furniture' that an employee of the club had set up in the room beforehand. 

After that things started to become routine if that is the right word for our activities. We rejected one meet-up because the guy really creeped Mercy out. He looked fairly normal to me and sort of handsome, but Mercy said he looked exactly like a jerk from her high school named Andy. From the time he was sixteen until his mid-twenties, this guy would hook-up with a new 16-year-old virgin. After using them for a few months he would break their hearts when they found out they had been dumped by seeing him with the new naïve girl he had snapped up.

Another time we had said yes our meet-up was cancelled. As we had been told, no reason was given, but since this was the first time it had happened to us it still felt like a rejection. They seemed an attractive couple so the cancellation felt a little disconcerting, but we just assumed something had come up and moved on, though I joked 'perhaps she decided I looked like her 'Andy'.

We were starting to wonder if maybe our first encounters had been inordinately good and now we were experiencing reality. Then we had our evening with Clara and Daniel. 

We knew as soon as we got the package that we wanted them. Both of them looked very young, barely in their 20s. Clara was like no woman I had had sex with before. She looked like a French movie star with short blonde hair slightly frizzed on the end and a dazzling smile. But most of all her face just oozed sex, sex, sex in a sophisticated way.

She wasn't 'knock-out universally beautiful' like Chralize Theron, but more beautiful, almost understated. For me it was like the first time I saw Ann-Margaret singing Bye-Bye-Birdie.

Daniel looked like a young college quarterback. In his picture he was well groomed and wearing a suit, but even a head shot displayed sexy confidence and hinted at a sculpted body. The write-up confirmed our initial impression. I could tell Mercy was as smitten as I was.

I was antsy for the next few days. During all our previous assignations I had found the women attractive, but nothing more. For some reason Clara had gotten under my skin. I fantasized about all the things we were going to do together, sometimes alone, sometimes when I was fucking Mercy. It was like I was a teenager and the girl of my dreams had agreed to go out on a date with me and I was afraid she would cancel before the big day arrived.

Finally it was Friday evening. We were seated at our table when I saw Clara and Daniel being escorted towards us. She was everything I imagined and more. She was beautiful, sexy, mysterious and dazzling. When she spotted me her face lit up like her brain had been hit with a direct injection of double espresso. I saw a similar expression on Daniel's face and turned briefly to Mercy to see her echoing it back.

Dinner was a blur. It was like my first real date with Mercy where we just wanted to go somewhere and fuck each other's brains out but knew we had to go through the motions first. We also knew that like a great orgasm, the waiting and the anticipation would make what was to come even more fantastic. It was a different form of tease and denial.

We didn't waste much time on four-way conversation. Clara and I were focused on each other just as Mercy and Daniel were. We exchanged constant gentle mostly-chaste touches. A stranger observing would have never guessed who was married to whom.

I was vaguely aware of Mercy and Daniel comparing notes on South Pacific, which they had both been in in high school, when I was startled by my cell phone vibrating in my pocket. I decided to ignore it until Mercy nudged me under the table. My first thought was that Mercy has changed her mind and forgotten the code words but I quickly realized how ridiculous that was.

"Pretend to answer your phone. Don't look now but check out 11 o-clock as soon as possible."

I asked Clara to excuse me and told her I had to take this call. The phone had stopped vibrating but it still showed Mercy in the caller ID. I opened it and pretended to talk while I looked up to my 1-o-clock and then slowly moved my head to the left. When my head passed 11 I saw our good friends the Coopers just about to be lead to a table.

I turned my head towards Mercy and said something inane in my regular voice and then in my sotto voice I said, "Did they see us and if so, how much did they see?"

Mercy picked up her menu and pretended she was discussing it with Daniel as she replied in her undertone, "I'm not sure but I'm pretty sure they saw Daniel and me being a little too friendly."

I saw the Maitre d' was going to take them right past our table. 

"Let's intercept them and get this over with," I replied and closed my phone and stored it in my pocket. Mercy nodded. I did a quick mental review of our cover story.

As they got close Mercy said, "Honey, look who it is!"

I turned around, acted surprised, and stood up.

"Don, Marley, how are you?"

The Coopers stopped and we exchanged greetings.

"I'd like you to meet our friends, Clara and Daniel Davison. They are old friends from Mercy's college days who are in town overnight on business. 

"Clara, Daniel, these are our good friends Don and Marley Cooper."

We made small talk for a minute and then they went off to their table.

"Dodged a bullet on that one," Mercy said.

"Yes," I agreed. I knew we might have to embellish our lie later, but not as much as if they had walked by our table and noticed Clara and me with our hands on each other's thighs. We cooled it for the rest of the dinner physically, but I still had a semi -hard- on for the rest of the meal.

As soon as the bill was settled I handed the envelope to Mercy. We were going back to the Glenrose for the first time since our initial night with the Greys. 

We left the restaurant as quickly as possible without appearing rude. I resisted the impulse to ask to switch partners on the car ride over. Neither Mercy nor I said much of anything, but we could tell the other was bursting with sexual excitement.

We checked our haste as we entered the hotel. I realized we would probably be back here again sooner rather than later and didn't want to offend the manager.

"Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Chambers, it has been a while. We're so glad to have you back. Here are your room keys."

"Thank you sir."

I realized the club must make these assignations very profitable for the hotels, probably slipping in a little extra for the managers. 

As we walked towards the elevators I checked the room keys. We were in #1237 again. I heard the Davison's talking to the manager as the elevator doors were closing. As soon as Mercy and I closed the door to the room we began playing tongue hockey like Nick Backstrom and Evgeni Malkin. Our hands were all over each other. When we heard their key card in the door we broke away.

"It's an empty room!" Clara said.

I looked around and realized she was right. I had been too busy to notice. The floor was covered with a soft clean rug. There were small colored boxes in each corner.

I looked down. In the middle of the room was the large envelope. PLEASE REMOVE YOUR SHOES NOW AND PUT THEM IN THE CLOSET was written on the outside. I took of my shoes and put them away. Then I opened the large envelope and distributed the smaller envelopes to the others. I opened mine.

Go to the corner of the room with the red box. Open the box but do not reveal the contents to the others. There will be a timer and a blindfold in there. Everyone will have a blindfold. When everyone is ready, start the timer. Everyone will put on blindfolds and one of the others will turn off the lights. 

You are to remove all your clothing and wait in your corner until the timer goes off. You may then roam the room and play as you wish, but no communication is allowed. When the timer goes off the second time you may remove your blindfold and engage in free play.

I looked up at the others. Daniel was already headed to the corner opposite mine with the blue box in it.

I opened my box and took out the blindfold and the electronic timer with no display. There were a couple of elastic cock rings in the bottom. I put the blindfold on my forehead and looked up.

Daniel was ready also, facing me. Clara was still sorting through her yellow box while Mercy had moved her Green box next to the light switch. Mercy waited until Clara was ready and then looked at all three of us, finishing with me.

"Ready?", and after the three of us nodded, "Go,"

As Mercy shut out the light I started the timer and then shifted the blindfold down over my eyes. I stripped off my clothes. My cock was fairly hard.

As I waited I speculated what was happening in the room. Initially I assumed that all of us had the same instructions, but when I thought about it I realized that one or more of the others may not have had a blindfold and that I shouldn't have shown mine. They might have been instructed to turn the lights back on or maybe even had a flashlight or candle in their box. Maybe they were allowed to have their way with me and whoever else was blindfolded. 

My wandering mind was jarred by a computerized female voice saying "You may begin." I quickly stored my thoughts away and began to slowly shuffle towards where I thought the middle of the room was, erring towards the right where Clara should be coming from. After a few steps I became concerned about colliding with someone. Since we were going to end up on the floor anyway, I crouched down and proceeded on my hands and knees.

I heard a small gasp several feet away. It sounded female but I couldn't identify it for sure. I reached my hand out and grazed something. I moved in that direction and then slowly reached my hand out again. I felt a very firm ass. It fell away from me and when I reached out again nothing was there. I edged forward and grabbed again and found myself holding what had to be a very large stiff cock. 

I checked my initial urge to jerk my hand away and instead decided to fuck with Daniel. I gently played with his cock, keeping my hand light to imitate a woman's touch as I edged forward. When I got close enough I grasped it a little more firmly around the base and took it in my mouth, bobbing up and down once before taking as much of it in as I could and then withdrawing as slowly as possible, letting my throat, the inside of my mouth, my tongue, my lips, and my teeth linger over every inch before releasing his head with an audible pop. He let out an involuntary moan of pleasure as I scurried away backwards, crab-soccer style.

I had only gone a couple feet when I ramped myself up onto another body reclined behind me. As my back touched her boobs I concluded it was Mercy because they felt so big. She couldn't know who I was. She put her arms around me and pulled my head around and gave me a full open-mouthed kiss. I wondered if she could taste Daniel's cock as her tongue explored my mouth. Her hand found its way down to my cock where she lingered, perhaps long enough to recognize me. Then her other hand went to the top of my left fore-arm and felt the scar where my little brother had shot me with an arrow when I was six. She gave me a big full kiss, playfully squeezed my cock, and then let me go. She wanted Daniel. And she knew I wanted Clara.
