 It's the night of Megan's initiation and the full moon. She shows up to my house, bursting with energy and wearing a pointy witches hat. I roll my eyes at her and let her in. 

"You are not wearing that," I tell her and take it off her head. She's giggling like a kid in a candy store and says, "Oh, I know. I just thought it was a gas when I saw it at the variety store." 

I look her over and nod at her tasteful knee length black skirt and chunky boots, paired with a peasant type, floral print top and carefully applied black eyeliner and fuschia colored lips. 

I give myself a once over in the mirror, crimson top, hip hugging black jeans and black leather coat. Running a comb through my long black hair and applying more blood red lipstick, we are ready to go. 

Jumping into my cute red Mazda Miata, we cruise through the city streets, passing swanky clubs with long lines of people. I'm glad we don't have to maneuver those crowds tonight. 

We arrive at the coven headquarters, the hotel which is closed for renovations. I pull up behind a black BMW and kill the engine. We step out and walk up to the doors. Jeff, the burly caretaker, let's us in with a nod at me. 

Amy is waiting beside the check in desk and walks with us quickly, saying, "Everyone's already here." She hands us each a black cloak when we arrive at the conference room. We put them on over our clothes, along with black face masks to cover our eyes and mouths, only our chin and foreheads are visible. 

Stepping into the room, there's a palpable sense of excitement and expectation. There's a smell of incense burning and a thrumming energy all around. The glow of candlelight illuminates the walls of the room. We take our places in the circle and the ceremony begins.

The chanting starts, first in low voices and then louder as each coven members voice joins the rest. We are all moving and swaying, as one. There's a drum beating in time to the chant, like a heart beat, but there's nobody in view that's drumming, only the sound of the drums. 

Yvonne, the high priestess, comes into view, her face is not covered by a mask and she looks radiant and beautiful in a long, flowing white robe. She steps up to a a red velvet covered altar and holds up a ruby encrusted dagger and a bronze chalice. 

She first fills the chalice with red wine and then proceeds to prick the tip of her dainty index finger with the dagger, grimacing a little, and then allows a couple drops of her blood to mix with the wine in the chalice. 

She holds the chalice up and says a quick incantation, followed by, "by the blood of my sisters, we will drink together and be one tonight on this special night, the night of the red wolf moon." She then calls up each coven member to join their blood to the red wine in the chalice. 

Megan is standing beside me and whispers, "You didn't tell me there was gonna be blood tonight." I whisper back, "Yeah. We kinda didn't get to that part the night we researched rituals, remember?" We stand and watch as each coven member has her finger pricked by the dagger and then it's Megan's turn and then mine. We have our blood added to the sparkling chalice. 

Yvonne turns to us with the chalice and smiles, saying, "Tonight is an extra special night because tonight we also welcome a new coven member into our circle. Megan, you get the first drink of the blood of your sisters." 

With that, she raises the chalice to Megan's lips, who takes a tentative sip and sighs, feeling the power of her sisters filling her up. And then each coven member drinks in turn, until the high priestess finishes off the leftover blood in the chalice. The drum beats rise in crescendo and the candles flicker all at once. 

Yvonne takes Megan's hand and walks with her up to the altar. She removes Megan's robe and clothing, but leaves the mask on her face. She stands naked before us, with her arms clasped against her chest trying for modesty. Yvonne smiles darkly and says, "It's now time for your initiation, Megan." 

She helps Megan lay across the altar table. The rest of us join hands in a circle and the chanting begins in earnest again. Our voices rise and fall together, as we sway back and forth, feeling the energy building all around us. 

All at once, the candles are suddenly mysteriously extinguished and the room is plunged into darkness. Only the sounds of our breathing can be heard and then each candle is illuminated once again, by an unseen hand. 

Yvonne steps up to the altar and proceeds to spread Megan's legs open and dips her head down to taste Megan's shaven pussy. Each coven member is offered a taste, until Megan is left writhing and boneless on the altar, with her head thrown back and her eyes closed in ecstasy. 

There's a profound silence as we all watch in anticipation, the candle light flickers on the walls and Megan's breathing begins to return to normal. Yvonne brings one of the candles to the altar and holds it up in her hands, just as she did the chalice. 

After a moment, she speaks, her voice carries out to everyone in the room, "We are gathered here tonight, on the night of the red wolf moon, to welcome our newest coven member and to honor the Goddess who watches over us all. She is with us tonight." 

The drums begin in earnest again and Yvonne's hips begin to sway back and forth, the candle held high in her hands. Then she brings the candle to her lips and blows it out in one breath. 

The drums suddenly stop all at once, I look around and the other coven members appear to be in some sort of trance. They each begin removing their robes and discarding their clothes, dropping the articles of clothing behind them as an afterthought. 

I wonder to myself why I am not affected by the spell or whatever is happening to the other coven members. So as not to draw attention to myself, I sink back into the shadows and watch as the nights festivities begin. 

Each coven member is lined up, in all their wonderful nakedness. Its a sight to behold, each woman of all colours, small breasts, large breasts, shaved pussies and trimmed pussies, tall women and short ones, dark hair, light hair, it's a feast for the eyes. 

Yvonne looks over them all and smiles, proudly. Her eyes are sparkling green embers, shining from her face. It takes me a moment to realize that Yvonne is no longer herself. The Goddess is truly with us, on this night. 

Yvonne removes her white robes and is now as naked as the others. She opens her arms and the coven members begin walking towards her, with reverence plain in their faces. Each one is eager to touch their leader and to be touched by her. 

Their hands are everywhere, all over her body, caressing her hair and her supple, full breasts. They kneel around her and one takes her hand and plants kisses along it, when she let's go another is right there to take the free hand and plant more kisses along it. The other hand is also being gently assuaged by more coven members. 

Yvonne firmly, but gently stops them and looks out over the room. The coven members look at her, questionly. She begins, "There is one amongst you that is unaffected by my powers. Only one of you has been gifted with a natural Wiccan talent that she knows not how to use because she is a born Witch, not just one brought into the practice." 

Her shining eyes rove over the room, until she spies me in the dark corner, with my cloak drawn up over my head and my mask covering my eyes. She reaches her hand out to me, "Come to me, my child. I can teach you the ways of our coven. One day, you could be the high priestess if you so choose."

I emerge from the shadows and slowly walk up to the altar steps, stopping at the bottom and looking up at her surrounded by the naked women of the coven. Now, they are all looking at me with fascination. She says again, "Come to me, I won't hurt you." 

I walk up the stairs to meet her at the top. As soon as she puts her hand in mine, I feel a surge of energy rushing from her hand to mine. It feels good. I gasp in astonishment and my body trembles with excitement. She says,"Don't fight it, Faye. Give in. You know you want to." 

With those words, she brings me into her arms and puts her mouth on mine. I open my mouth to her and feel her tongue sliding along mine. She moves back from me and whispers, "all of this can be yours." 

The other coven members crawl around both of our feet and their hands begin removing my robe and clothing. Only my mask is left on my face. Yvonne steps closer to me and removes my mask, smiling as she drops the mask to the floor. "There. That's better," she declares.

She molds her body to mine and sways with me in her arms. The drums start up again, low and melodious, in a steady thrumming beat. Her hands grasp my ass, as we begin grinding against each other. The coven members hands are on us both and Megan is right there with them, just as eager and wanting. 

Yvonne takes my hand and leads me to the altar. She lays me down and lifts herself up on the altar, with the help of another coven member. She quickly positions her face over my soaking wet pussy and her pussy is over my face, glistening with her juices. I immediately plunge my tongue into her waiting pussy and I feel her lips doing the same to mine. 

The coven members are all around us, touching our breasts, our stomachs, anything they can get their hands on and then their mouths are licking and sucking my breasts and licking and nibbling my neck. Yvonne's lips are busy sucking on my engorged clit. All of the combined sensations are amazing. 

Yvonne starts rubbing my clit with her fingers, as her tongue starts thrusting in and out of me. By then, I'm moaning with pleasure. My moans are muffled slightly by her pussy against my mouth. I push two fingers inside her dripping cunt and continue assaulting her clit with my silver studded tongue, her pussy tastes so sweet and I'm addicted. 

We are both grunting in ecstasy and Yvonne is rocking her hips back and forth over my mouth. I feel the orgasm building up inside me, as she suddenly screams in pure pleasure and her juices flow over my mouth and face. I feel my own release take hold, as her mouth clamps onto my gushing pussy to suck all the juices I have to offer. 

I glance at the other coven members and they have broken off into groups to lick and suck and fondle each other. Someone has dragged out red colored mats and cushions for them to use. The raw sounds of licking and sucking have now filled the room. 

I see two here, three there, all are occupied with various acts of indecency. The two closest to me are grinding pussies against one another, their skin slapping over and over, naked skin glistening with sweat from their passionate love making. 

Yvonne turns my head to her and kisses me, our tongues colliding. Then she moves around so our pussies are joined together and we begin the slow dance, with the moans of our sisters all around us. 

Her pussy slides against mine and I thrust my hips up, as our clits frantically rub against one another. My hands are pressing and kneading on her breasts as her breathing turns ragged and her mouth is slack as the pleasure takes hold of her. Her hips are thrusting faster, bringing us both to a crushing, mind-blowing orgasm. 

After a few moments, Yvonne opens her eyes and smiles, her eyes are back to normal. She leans against me and kisses me again, we taste our juices on each other's mouths. She laughs and says, "the Goddess has blessed us all tonight with her presence, but there's one final thing that needs to be done before this night is over" 

Yvonne stands up, with her naked body in all its glory and takes my hand and helps me down from the altar. Looking out over the room at the other coven members, she claps her hands to get their attention. 

"I have an announcement to make." She says. "The Goddess has chosen Faye to be the next successor to become high priestess. In the meantime, Faye will be by my side for all future rituals and events as my second in command. If I'm away on vacation or anything, you all will answer to her. So please give Faye a round of applause, ladies." 

The coven members start clapping, enthusiastically and Megan catches my eye, as we share a secret smile because we are now both part of a very special group, one where we can both find acceptance and belonging. 

The End.