 Johnny awoke early the next morning, Jennifer was snuggled against him and as he looked at her, he saw she was still covered with his dry or drying cum. He hair was matted where it had dried in it, but her head was lying against his chest and her arm lay across his stomach. He thought how good it felt last night, she was the first different woman he had fucked since he and Lynne had started living together, and it had been worth the wait. He knew he had to get up to piss. He moved her arm and eased out of bed, looking at her beautiful naked body as he got up. She was a beautiful young woman, and he felt his cock stir as he headed to the bathroom. He passed the guest room as he went down the hall, looked it and saw Lynne had already wakened and she had Rex's cock stuffed into her mouth. She looked up as he walked by and waved to him. She was really working Rex over and knew he probably wouldn't last long at the rate she was moving her head.

Rex was telling Lynne "Damnit you little whore, I've got to piss so bad I can't stand it." But Lynne kept sucking his cock, hoping she would get breakfast before long. She reached down and massaged his balls, and felt his cock grow wider and he began to flood her mouth with his hot cum. She kept sucking, not wanting to miss a drop. Finally she let him go and he jumped from bed and headed for the bathroom. 

Johnny passed him in the hall and laughed. "She's a cocksucker isn't she, Rex."

Johnny entered the guest room, and Lynne told him to get over to her. He walked over and she grabbed his cock, and aimed it at her mouth. She looked at him as she took him into her mouth and started sucking. He had become used to this, she loved the taste of cum first thing in the morning and almost every morning she fellated him. He watched as she moved up and down his cock and she reached up and began to fondle his balls. He was glad he had already pissed because he knew she would have to work at him for a little while now. She pushed forward and he felt his cock go into her throat, and then she began to fuck him with her mouth and throat. His cock got harder and she moved her head faster as she mouth fucked him. She felt his balls tighten up and he reached down and took her head in his hands as he began to buck his hips into her face, she dropped her hand from his balls and just enjoyed the feeling he was giving her. She orgasmed as he fucked her mouth and he fucked her even harder.

Rex walked in the room and sat on the bed. He watched as Lynne let Johnny fuck her mouth. He marvelled at this woman, she was so beautiful, so happy to please men and such a fucking whore. He heard Johnny announce he was going to cum and Lynne pushed her face as far as she could into his crotch and Rex watched her Adams Apple moved up and down and he knew she was swallowing as Johnny pumped his cum directly into her stomach. She kept still and 3 or 4 minutes later, Johnny pulled his softened cock from her mouth, and Lynne looked at him and said "I love you, Johnny, thank you for everything" and she kissed his cock.

She looked at Rex and he saw tears running down her cheeks and wondered if it was because she had been deep throating or something else.

Johnny sat down and Rex asked if Jennifer was still asleep. Johnny told him when he went to take a piss she was still sleeping. Lynne decided to go find out. Rex began talking to Johnny, asking him what he used to do and if he had ever been to New Orleans. Johnny explained he was a chaffeur for an influential lawyer in Atlanta, and went on to explain about Lynne's husband. He told Rex of Lynne's twin daughters and how many times he had seen her abused by the men that were invited to his bosses house. He told him he didn't know how Lynne had made it through, and the only problem he saw, she was still the whore Marvin had made her. But he loved her and she was always good to him. 

Rex asked if he would mind if she performed at a party for a few of his friends. Johnny told him it really didn't matter what he wanted, it was her decision and he wouldn't hold it against Rex no matter what she did. He told Rex he wouldn't mind spending the evening with Jennifer anyway. Rex laughed and told him to enjoy himself with her, that like Johnny loved Lynne he would love Jennifer the rest of his life. They got up and headed for the master bedroom.

When they entered the bedroom, Lynne had her face buried in Jennifer's pussy with her ass in the air. Johnny told Rex, "She never gets enough sex."

Rex's cock had already begun to rise, and he asked Johnny, "Okay, if I nail her, Johnny?"

Johnny nodded and Rex moved in behind Lynne and slid his cock into her pussy, she moaned into Jennifer's cunt and he began fucking her. Jennifer looked at Rex, and said "Good morning, honey."

Rex continued to fuck Lynne, and told her "Good morning, I love you, baby." 

Jennifer closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Lynne's tongue. Lynne loved the feeling of being fucked while she was eating pussy.

Rex pounded into Lynne's pussy with a vengeance. His cock pistoned into her shaved cunt and he reached down and grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them wide, as he inserted his thumbs into her ass. She groaned as she felt her ass spread to accommodate him. He pushed his thumbs deeper into her ass and pulled it open. She ground herself back against him as she came, her cunt widening and flooding him with her juices. He picked up his pace and listened to Jennifer moan through her orgasm and grabbed Lynne's head and held her tightly against her pussy. He announced he was going to cum, and Jennifer told him she wanted him to cum in her face and he pulled free and went to her head and jerked his cock a couple of times as his sperm coated her already covered face. As he slacked off she put his cock in her mouth and sucked what cum he still had in him into her mouth. The three of them lay back and relaxed, and Johnny clapped and said "Great show, guys, encore."

Rex laughed and told him that there was no way he could do an encore, that was already the second time he had cum this morning and he was a little sore.

Lynne lay at Jennifer's cunt and licked softly enjoying the taste of the result of her work.

Jennifer began to doze, and Rex told her that they had places to go, and she couldn't go to sleep. 

She tried to get up, Lynne moved her face and Jennifer stood. The cum was dripping from her cheeks as she went to the bathroom. Lynne looked at Rex and asked what was in store for the day.

Rex told her they were going shopping, have lunch and then in the afternoon they would go to Bourbon Street and look around. He told her that he would like her to do a favor for him that night. She told him, "Anything you want, lover. I am yours to do with as you will."

Rex explained he had invited his softball team to a party they had been talking about for the past six months, but couldn't find the right girl to host it. 

She asked what type of party it was.

He told her that they had seen on the internet a form of sexual ritual that the Japanese had called bukkake and they had wanted to perform it. It required a woman dressed in a Japanese schoolgirls outfit who kneeled in a room in front of a group of men, as they masturbated, then approached the girl and finished off in her face. She held a silver plate under her face and collected the sperm and when they had finished it would be poured in a glass and she would drink it. No one would have sex with her, that was forbidden. 

Lynne laughed. She couldn't believe that the men couldn't have sex with the woman, but told Rex she would do it for him, if that's what he wanted, in fact she would love to do it.

Lynne looked at Johnny and asked "You don't mind do you baby?"

He shook his head and smiled.

"You just want to be with Jennifer don't you, you dirty old man."

He nodded.

"I hope she fucks you silly you pervert."

Johnny thought to himself, so do I, so do I. Even at his age, he felt his cock stir at the thought.

Jennifer came back in the room drying herself off and Lynne kissed her and headed for the shower. She asked if anyone would like to accompany her. Johnny told her he would love to, so she grabbed his cock and led him to the shower as she said "Well then, come on old man, you can wash me off." Rex told Jennifer what Lynne had agreed to do for him. She wasn't surprised, he had told her about it and she had told him that she would do it, but he felt that wouldn't be a great idea, because of all the guys knowing her and she agreed. Didn't need to get that type of reputation, people might not understand. Anyway she looked forward to spending a nice evening alone with Johnny, he had really surprised her last night, she still couldn't believe he was 75. 

After Lynne and Johnny, Rex took his shower and they got on the net and looked up the sites for bukkake and Lynne got an idea what she needed to dress the part. She knew she had the wrong color hair, but they would have to put up with it. They dressed and jumped in the Lincoln and headed into the city. Lynne and Jennifer talked and giggled the whole was to the shop where Jennifer told Lynne she could probably find and outfit for tonight.

The guys let Jennifer and Lynne out and told them they would be back in a little while. The girls went into the store that Jennifer had eluded to and saw a large group of different sexual costumes. She asked Jennifer how she knew about stores like this as she looked through the racks. She noticed a dish like the one she had seen on the web page and knew she wanted that. They found a crystal stemmed glass that would be perfect for the final part of the ritual and Jennifer thought they may need a spoon so they picked out a silver spoon and added to the purchases. They chose a plaid skirt, red tie, white knee socks, black patent leather shoes and a white shirt to finish the ensemble. Lynne handed him her credit card and the total came to $214.74 The clerk asked if she was going to do a bukkake party, and she told him yes as a matter of fact she was. She told him if she knew where it was going to be he could come, so to speak, and laughed. She looked at Jennifer, then gave her a tongue kiss in front of the clerk, who stood silent as he watched. Jennifer smiled at the clerk and said, "Sorry she doesn't know, she is such a little slut."

The laughed together as they left the store looking for the guys. They stood there for a few minutes and the car pulled up and they jumped inside. Lynne showed the outfit she had purchased as well as the plate, the stemmed glass and the silver spoon that Jennifer had mentioned. Jennifer told them that she thought the spoon could be used to spoon the cum from Lynne's face into the plate. 

Lynne asked Rex how many guys were going to be at the party tonight, and he told her "About 15 or 16, the members of my softball team." She thought about it and was looking forward to it, she had never done this before and she liked new experiences.

They stopped and had lunch on Bourbon Street, and spent the next three hours looking in different shops together. Lynne and Jennifer talked a lot and giggled about different things. They were becoming even closer than they had been yesterday when they first arrived.

When the got home it was 7 and Rex said they had rented a private room at a renovated warehouse on the Southside of the city, and they should get ready to go. She and Rex went and showered together, but even though she wanted to blow him, she held off, because he too would be expected to cum on her face tonight. While they showered she asked if she could open her mouth and taste some of the cum before the end tonight. Rex told her he didn't think so, but he would find out what the other guys thought. He held her and kissed her as he ran his finger along her pussy and her ass. She grabbed his ass cheeks and soaped his anus as they kissed, and his cock began to get hard.

She stood back and told him "No you don't Rex, save it for the party you set up."

They got out of the shower and toweled each other off. Lynne looked so good to him standing there her 5'3" body, those small breasts with the nice nipples, shaved pussy, tight body that he knew was from working out and that sweet ass of hers. She looked the part of a whore, but a damned good one. Her clit showed itself when you looked at her, even if her legs weren't spread, and when she did spread them, the lips opened like a flower inviting you to enter.

He went to his bedroom to dress, and she went to the guest bedroom to change into her outfit for the evening. He went downstairs to wait and walked in to see Johnny and his wife sitting in the loveseat wrapped in each other's arms kissing. Jennifer broke the kiss and told Rex "I am going to miss him tonight baby. But I think Johnny has some plans for me." She reached into his lap and took his penis in her hand through his pants. Johnny looked at Rex, and told him to take car of Lynne. 

They heard Lynne coming down the stairs and looked up to see her entering the den. She was dressed in her schoolgirl outfit and had put her hair up in two pig tails. They told her how good she looked and she leaned over and kissed Johnny and then Jennifer. Jennifer told her "Damn girl, I'd love to taste you right now."

Lynne smiled and told her she could have her when she got home. 

Rex kissed Jennifer, picked up the plate, glass and spoon and the headed out the door.

As Rex drove, Lynne told him she was REALLY looking forward to tonight. She told him about her first gang bang, but this was going to be different and she didn't know what it would be like at the end, drinking a whole glass of cum. She thought that would be very interesting indeed. She had ingested a large amount of cum before, but it had been in individual doses, directly from the source. She sat leaning against the door in the passenger, pulled up her plaid skirt and began to finger her pussy while she talked to him. He looked at her, and down at her fingers working that cunt. She brought them to her mouth and licked them, then back to her pussy. Rex told her "You are such a whore Lynne, I knew you would be right for this part."

When they got to the place where she was to be the center of attention, so to speak, Rex took her hand and walked her into the back of the building. When they entered Lynne thought to herself that this was a very simple building, but at least they shouldn't be bothered by other people. Rex left through a door that must have led to the room where the party was supposed to take place, and returned a few minutes later. 

He told Lynne that the guys had invited a few more of their friends. Lynne asked "How many more?"

Rex told her that there must be 75 to 100 people in the next room. 

Lynne told him, "Then let's get the party started, lover. I'm ready."

Rex told her not to say anything when he took her into the room, he would show her where to kneel and they would walk up to her when they were ready to cum and jerk off in her face. He led her into the room, and she looked around to see guys of every shape and cock of every size. The one thing that they had in common was most of them were playing with themselves and they made cat calls to her. She was led to the front of the room and Rex told her to kneel on the pad on the floor. She did this and he handed her the plate and told her to hold it under her face so the cum would be gathered as it dripped off her face. He told her that if she got nervous he would take her away and she didn't have to finish. She just looked at him and winked. Rex turned to the guys and told them, "When you are ready, move forward and shoot your sperm in her face, but remember, you can have no other contact with her." 

When Rex walked away, Lynne looked at the audience and knew he had been right, there were a lot of men in this room, some sitting and slowly playing with themselves and some just standing looking at her.

She didn't have to wait long, a short chubby guy approached her and he aimed his cock at her face she looked at him and suddenly she felt his sperm hit her cheek and what didn't hit her face pooled into the plate she was holding he took his hand and milked his cock and the rest came out onto his fingers, he flicked his hand at her and the cum on his fingers flew and hit her forehead. Then he walked away, but the parade had started and another two guys approached her and aimed their cocks at her face and she felt their sperm hit her nose, cheek and then a shot hit her eyes and she had to close them. She listened as the footsteps continued and her face became soaked and it tickled as it ran down her face, off of her chin and she was sure into the plate. She heard Rex and he said, "I'm going to take the plate for a second, Lynne."

She felt the plate being removed from her hands, but it came back and the onslaught continued and it seemed that her face was streaming all of the time now. This went on for what seemed like 30 minutes although she really wasn't sure how long it had taken. Rex asked if everyone was finished and when no one else said anything, he whispered to her, you can get mine fresh on the way home. Now just stay still, I'm going to clean you up as much as I can. She felt the spoon scraping her face, then she felt someone wiping her eyes with a tissue, and the plate was removed. Her face felt sticky because all that had been left was a thin coat since they had removed most of it to put in her plate. She opened her eyes, which was hard to do, they felt like they were glued shut. She looked around the room, some of the guys were still sitting with their pants off but a lot of them were just looking at her. She smiled a little and waited for her drink. Rex walked up in front of her and reached over her head to what must have been a serving tray, and grabbed a glass, which he handed to Lynne. She looked as he handed her an 8 ounce glass that was filled with a white substance that looked like milk. She knew it wasn't, but she couldn't believe that this much cum had shot into her face. She looked at the audience and lifted her glass in a toast, then she put it to her lips and began to drink. She had eaten a lot of cum in her life, but this was different, because it was not only thick and creamy, but there was a lot of it and the taste was very pungent. When she began to drink she made up her mind she would finish it all. The audience began to clap and she drank what they had produced for her, and when the glass was empty, she took her finger around the edge, gathered the last remaining bit and lick her finger clean. She trembled as she came, while she drank the cum of these men and she thought she wished she could have another glass or at least a nice warm shot from someone right now. She lowered her head in reverence as she thought a Japanese would and Rex took her hand and led her to the back room where they had come in.

Lynne asked if she had done all right, Rex told her she had been fantastic and all of the guys had taken up a collection and he handed her an envelope with what she found out was over a thousand dollars in it. He told her that a couple of guys asked about a private blow job, and a few of them also wanted to know if they could fuck her. She looked at where they had put the plate she had been holding, and noticed that it was still covered in cum. She kneeled down and took the plate and put it to her lips and allowed the cum to flow into her mouth, then she proceeded to lick the plate clean. Rex watched this and pulled his cock out and offered it to her. She began to suck him like she was a bitch in heat. She was so fucking horny she couldn't stand it and her head moved faster and faster, while she made slurping sounds. After 2 minutes he couldn't stand it any longer and gave her another dose of cum for her belly. 

