 As a side note for the curious reader. While most of my stories are testimonials of real experiences, this one is not. It was a story based on an idea that was floated around casually by the lady depicted in the story (Who is real). Jimmy, who plays my friend in the story is a real person but with a different name and all three characters in the story are indeed acquainted but the events in this story never happened.

Marie is a good friend of mine and a nympho. Well, she would never actually admit that she was a nymphomaniac but she fucks a lot of men and isn't afraid to discuss her private sex life with anyone. Basically, when she's not fucking some dude or eating pussy, she's putting to use some dildo or vibrator that she has out of her vast collection of sex toys. Marie is a nympho plain and simple.

She's a good friend of mine. So good a friend that I was always deterred me from sleeping with her. Not that I never wanted to sleep with her (She's a pretty good looking girl) but I suppose I just felt it necessary to throw caution to the wind. It's no secret that the two of us have desired each other. We've made out on a few occasions and have had our 'Moments' together but I suppose before tonight, our friendship was too important to risk a love affair.

My best (Male) friend Jimmy and I were out one night having coffee (We were in our late teens at the time) and just kind of hanging out when Marie just happened to be in a booth nearby. Catching each other's attention Jimmy and I went over to sit with her. Jimmy and Marie are no strangers but they never really hung around each other that much either. 

As the night went on, we were acting pretty silly I suppose. It's a wonder we didn't get asked to leave the diner and as usual with Marie, the conversation got sexual. We were just making jokes (Or so I first thought). My friend Jimmy was shocked at her being so uninhibited about sex but he also was enjoying the conversation. 

"Hey guys, I got some booze at home, why don't you stop over for a bit? We can hang out in my bedroom and watch TV." she said to us.

"Uh, sure I suppose I can do that, what about you Jimmy? You game?"

"Sure, why not bro, I suppose I got nothing going on at the moment." 

"Great! I'll see you guys in a little while then!" Marie said as she was getting ready to leave.

Jimmy and I drove to her house separately. I've been there before numerous times but he never did so he had to follow me there. She still lived with her parents at the time who were home, but they were in their room asleep. We went upstairs to her bedroom and she had a bottle of wine and a few nippers. This is when things took an unpredictable turn.

When we got in her room she had a pink vibrator lying on her bed. Jimmy was quick to point it out in a sort of humorous way and I just laughed. Marie was unashamed as you'd expect her to be.

"Oh that's just my little pinky," she said referencing the vibrator. "I think the batteries are dying in it though." 

Marie was now laying down on the bed in her PJ's and picked up the pink vibrator, slid down her pants and started fucking herself with the vibrator.

"See it's not turning on!" she said. 

"Well I guess you need new batteries," I said watching her and stunned by the sight.

"No, what I need is to get off! I'm horny as fuck and I need to be able to sleep tonight!" 

Jimmy just stood there shaking his head and smiling.

"Oh my God Mike, I can't help but notice, you got a bulge going on in them shorts of yours! And...Shit! You too Jimmy! Damn I have two dudes here with big stiffys and no working vibrator...hmm..." she said with a 'Nothing but trouble' look on her face.

She then motioned me to come closer to her. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, wearing nothing but a t-shirt now and she started to feel my bulge.

"Ohh Mike, after all this time we've known each other, I can't believe you've been hiding this from me" she said with a sly grin as she slid her hand up the shaft of my cock outside my shorts.

"But Marie, babe. Jimmy's here..."

"The more the merrier she said...unless of course you don't feel comfortable with having another dude in the room?"

"Well I..." said hesitantly for a second. Then it hit me that Jimmy and I have known each other for a Iong time it seems and that the two of us have tested the waters with each other a few times when it comes to sexual exploration. So I decided I was going to go along.

Marie then slid my shorts down and began to stroke my cock. Jimmy stood there tracing the bulge outside of his shorts with his finger.

"You too Jimmy! C'mon take off those shorts and get over here!" Marie ordered.

Jimmy and I were both naked, standing next to each other and Marie was still sitting on the edge of the bed.

Marie put my cock in her mouth and started sucking. It didn't take long before she was working it hard, wet and fast. Spit was dripping from her mouth each time her head bobbed back and forth. She began to fingering herself. Jimmy reached over and took her shirt off revealing her c cup perky tits. She then started blowing Jimmy! Soon she was switching back and forth between the two of us. At one point she stuck our cocks together and just started giving both of us head at the same time. This was intense! I didn't know how long I could take it before I would just jizz all over her!

"Lay down on your back Marie and spread those legs," I said to her as I climbed on the bed. 

Marie complied and I started going down on her. Jimmy soon joined me. We were eating her out at the same time! She let out several loud moans she was as wet as a river!

"Oh my God guys!" She moaned as she began to shake. "I want more dick!" she said as she then got on her knees and she started sucking us off once again! At the same time!

I maneuvered myself behind her, spread her legs and began fucking her wet hot pussy. She was still blowing Jimmy too! Jimmy and I were both moaning and she began to purr (I swear to God! Yes Purr!). I began to slow down my thrusting and leaned back and turned around and once again started sucking my cock with her back turned away from Jim. Not letting a good opportunity go to waste, Jimmy began fucking her from behind as she was giving me head.

"Oh my God! I don't know if I can hold out much longer!" Jimmy yelled.

"Stop!" Marie yelled back. "Take a break!".

"Oh shit Marie! I'm not done yet!" I said to her in a desperate tone of voice.

"Then I want you to put it my ass! I love being fucked in the ass! "She demanded.

"Uh Okay" I said. I was never really a fan of going in the back door but it's not like I would ever turn it down with a chick. 

"Wait! I got some lube. It's flavored lube! Strawberry". She told us.

Marie reached into her nightstand drawer and grabbed a tube of red lube. She rubbed it in her asshole and on both our cocks.

"Ok I'm ready-fuck that ass Mike!" she ordered and I stuck it in slowly while she laid on top of Jimmy. My cock slid in her tight hole pretty easily. I must admit this was the first time I was actually enjoying some back door action. It went in and glided really easily.

Marie was moaning. I remember thinking I hope we don't wake up her parents! What a sight that would be if they walked in on us! Imagine them seeing their daughter with two naked guys being fucked in the ass! 

Jimmy with her on top and me still fucking her ass from behind, slowly began to slide his dick into her cunt and even though it was unavoidable, our dicks were touching and sliding against each other. Dick to dick action only added to the frenzy though! Marie was now getting it in two holes! We worked her for a good five minutes or so and then we pulled out. Marie then just sat there breathing relentlessly.

"Damn you guys! Wow!" she said trying to catch her breath. "Now I'm going to finish you two off! I want you to spew your loads all over me. I want lots of cum. I want it in my mouth, on my tits and on my face" She told us.

On her knees she began sucking our cocks again. While she was blowing one, she was jerking off the other. Finally, she began to focus just on me. She was sucking me really good! I was almost there!

"C'mon Mike! Cum all over me! I want to taste you!" She said to me. I think she started to get impatient because even though I felt like an explosion was coming on. It wasn't happening just yet.

"Almost there!" I told her.

"What the fuck Mike!" Jimmy yelled. It seems he was getting impatient! 

"Well Jimmy I think things will move a lot faster if you help a brother out!" Marie told him.

Jimmy got down on his knees next to Marie and they now were both sucking my cock! I can't believe that my two best friends, one of them a dude, were going down on me! It felt incredibly good! Two tongues up and down my shaft! Wow! In fact they were putting that strawberry lube around my cock and licking it off like an ice cream cone. It wouldn't be much longer now.

"Ugh...here it goes. I'm cumming!" I screamed.

Jimmy pulled away and I put my dick over Marie's face and busted my nut. It was indeed a good long flow. I made sure I decorated her face, her tits and with the remainder I stuck my whole cock in her mouth and just let loose. The smile on her face was priceless. 

She then wasted no time and started back on Jimmy. Jimmy it seemed wasn't going to take as long to finish. Even though I took a few licks up and down his strawberry lube filled shaft, his dick began to expand right before he shouted the warning and I moved quickly out the way.

He exploded like a geyser! Marie still had my jizz all over her face and tits. Jimmy added to her facial jizzed makeup. She was full of cum. Jimmy even added his decorative juices by spewing some of his load on her ass. She was one jizz filled cum queen!

Marie slurped up whatever cum she could before going into the bathroom to clean herself up. She ingested cum unlike any chick I've ever known. 

"I have a confession to make boys. I have to tell you that I've thought about having a threesome with both of you for some time now but I wasn't sure how to go about it...I mean Mike and I were always careful not to get too involved with each other but every time we all hung out I always wanted you both! Considering I knew how close you two were I figured it might be worth a shot to take you both at the same time!" Marie confessed.

"Well, you got us babe" I said.

"No strings attached?" She asked in a desperate tone.

"No strings attached!" We assured her. Jimmy was engaged so it probably would be in his best interest to keep the entire thing on the down low anyway.

"Oh and one more thing. I love cum in case you didn't notice. I crave it sometimes and this was the first time that I got a cum shower like the way I did tonight. Thanks boys."

"Well I guess we need to call you the cum queen then," Jimmy said laughing.

"And never in a million years did I ever think that you two would be sucking each other's dicks, that was hot!" 

"Well, let me let you in on a little secret...it's not the first time something like that has happened between us, but don't tell anyone!"

"So what do you two consider yourselves? Bi or..."

"Straight" I said "We get each other off because we need to get off not because we want to get each other off...it's strictly out of convenience but there is no butt fucking..that would be gay!" I told her. 

"Oh I get it, kind of like me and pussy. I like having sex with chicks but I prefer to be with men."

"Something like that" Jimmy said.

That was a night the three of us won't forget. It was also a night we never spoke about again.