 Quick note: This is not as much of a stand-alone story as the others, but it is a free country. If you start reading here, you will catch up on the characters pretty quickly.

*****

Chapter 7

The port the next morning was St. Martin. The island was divided between France and the Netherlands back in the 1600s, and the Dutch part is called "St. Maarten". There were plenty of shore excursions offered, that mostly included island tours, sailing, scuba or shopping, but we were in the mood for something a little more daring.

We had heard that there were plenty of nude beaches on the French side (and maybe one on the Dutch side), but that the beaches were crowded and anything other than nudity was frowned on. 

We were in the mood for something more serious than a nude beach, and we certainly didn't want to ruin anyone else's vacation, so we booked a powerboat trip to a beach called "Cupecoy". It was further out than the other beaches, and would at least be less crowded, and we had heard that the police allowed sex on the beach, as long as it was not too public.

The thing that finally sold us on the powerboat trip was that the tour guide promised the boat would provide "privacy tents" so that you could have some privacy on the beach. By the time we split the cost with two other couples, the total cost was not that much more than the other day-trips.

Early in the morning, Christy and I got up and ate a tiny breakfast in the room. Christy was tiny, and used to skipping breakfast, so she would be able to skip lunch, but I knew I was going to be hungry. It didn't matter though, because we had a view of St. Martin from our balcony, and Christy sat in a deck chair, completely naked, and watched as the ship pulled in to port. 

She had gotten much more brave about showing of her body during the last few days, and she seemed to genuinely enjoy the idea that someone on shore might see her. I watched her intently, and found that I couldn't pull myself away from the view of her, no matter how much I missed breakfast.

When we dressed to get off the ship, Christy wore a string bikini that I had not seen before, and carried a bag with clothes and sunscreen. I dressed more practical, in shorts and a t-shirt, but I was not about to criticize her choice of attire. 

Christy was tiny, as I had mentioned, and her body was every bit as attractive as it had been back in college. We had broken up after college, and each married other people. After we started dating again, we had picked this cruise as our first real vacation together, and we had invited our children along.

We had not realized that my son had been dating Christy's daughter, (or maybe they hadn't been, but they had certainly gotten along well during the cruise so far.) At the kid's request, John had traded rooms with Christy, leaving Christy in the balcony suite with me. This had left John in a room with Lisa, Christy's daughter. Although they were both over 18, they both looked young, and Lisa had taken to wearing skimpy bathing suits on board, and showing off her body at every opportunity.

When we met John and Lisa on the dock, John was dressed similarly to me, and Lisa was dressed similarly to her mom. Lisa had on a pair of running shorts over her bikini bottoms, but we could practically see right through them.

When we met the other two couples, the guys both smiled when they saw Lisa and Christy. Even though Lisa was young, and had the advantage of being tall with big boobs, Christy was still one of the hottest girls I have ever known. Her figure showed off many years of exercise, and her small frame made her small breasts perfectly in proportion.

One of the other couples was a young couple named Kevin and "Autumn". I put her name in quotes because I couldn't shake the feeling that she had given us a fake name. Kevin was just out of college, and seemed to be doing pretty well in finance, or stocks, or some such. (He didn't make a big thing about his job, and I didn't care.) "Autumn" was a college girl who might have been Kevin's girlfriend, or who might be renting her services out as a girlfriend for a week or two.

They mentioned that they had met on a dating website, but they didn't say which one. Kevin wasn't ugly, and he wasn't particularly out-of-shape, but he didn't seem to be in the same league as Autumn. She had a body like a model, and a perfect smile. She seemed to enjoy talking about anything, and was just generally a fantasy girl.

At any rate, they didn't seem like two people that you would otherwise expect to be a couple. Autumn had the kind of hot-college-girl looks that comes from taking care of yourself, but also being in her early 20's. Her hair was a light brunette (or a really dark blonde), and she had a smile that looked like she was genuinely having fun, rather than forcing it. Kevin, on the other hand, looked like he had never relaxed a day in his life, and didn't really have the hang of it.

The other couple was slightly older than Christy and I, and they were named Caroline and Greg. They were both long-tern nudists, and were completely comfortable talking about why they had chosen Cupecoy beach. Greg was about the same height as John, but tanned all over, and slightly overweight. Caroline was also tanned all over, and also slightly overweight, but their casual manner and sense of humor made them enjoyable to be around. Greg had a full beard, which was a little unkempt, and clearly he had not shaved his chest hair. Christy leaned over to me and whispered: "Caroline's body hair status is TBD." In fact, they seemed like an old hippie couple, and the idea of shaving seems like it would be low on their list. The idea that they might be carrying some pot seemed like a much more solid bet.

We all boarded the powerboat, stowed our back-packs, and introduced ourselves to the crew as the boat was pulling out. The crew was a captain and two assistants, who seemed to be along to sell sunscreen, drinks, towels, and other supplies. As promised, the boat included a privacy tent for each couple, but various sizes of better tents were available for rent. The assistants were also available to set up the tents for us for a small tip.

Rather than haggle over pricing, Kevin and I went ahead and tipped the assistants and Captain Tony generously, and asked the captain to take us to a secluded spot. Once they had the tip in hand, the captain became much more talkative, and the assistants starting loading us all up with Mexican beer and iced margaritas.

Greg apparently felt bad because he had not brought much cash, but I assured him that we had tipped for all four couples, and that we were there to have fun. Even though we had over-tipped already, Kevin told the crew that we "kind-of" wanted to make it back to the ship as well. He didn't promise them another tip, but I think they got the message.

When we got to the beach, we were a little surprised at how deserted it was. We literally had a cove the size of a football field all to ourselves. 

"Is this Cupecoy?" Greg asked. He and Caroline had been to the beach before, and clearly they didn't recognize this spot. 

The captain assured us that we were within walking distance of Cupecoy, but that he had picked out this spot so we could have some privacy. 

"It is safe?" Caroline asked. It had occurred to us that the beaches in foreign countries were not completely safe. 

Again, the Captain assured us that everything was fine. The beach was owned by a resort area, and his company was allowed to use it on Tuesdays and Thursdays for a fee. He told us we might see other tourists, and possibly police, but that we would not see locals, and the police would not bother us as long as we were polite and discreet.

The captain told us they were going to take a break and go pick up lunch, and made arrangements for the time to return. We also checked Kevin's phone to make sure he could call if there were any problems. After they were convinced that we were fine, the captain and his assistants left us on the beach, and took the boat around the point to the Southeast, where they said they would be anchoring near the main beach.

The cove was stunning, with large rocks creating many inlets and grottos. John and I set up two of the large tents, but everyone else went to explore the rock formations that stood to our north. By the time we had the tents set up, Lisa and Christy returned and said that the rocks really were amazing, and that they hadn't seen anyone on the walk.

The tents were basically lean-to style, with umbrellas on one side, and tents on the other. By raising or lowering the wind screen, you could get as much privacy as you wanted, or as little. We had put up the tents with the umbrella blocking the wind, and netting on the sides. This allowed a lot of air to circulate, and also blocked the view from some angles (but not from others.)

The girls quickly stripped off their suits, and told John and I to do the same. John and I were both hesitant, because we were both semi-erect from watching the girls undress, but we decided it would be fine, and we took off our suits and stored them in our backpacks. 

The feel of the sun and the wind on our naked bodies was amazing, and I decided to stretch out in the sun for a bit and wait for my erection to go away. Christy laid down next to me, and started rubbing on sunscreen, which didn't do anything to reduce my level of excitement.

John decided to take the other approach, and headed for the water. He and Lisa both went in the ocean completely naked, and swam out fairly far in the clear water.

After a few minutes, Greg and Caroline returned, carrying their clothes, and told us how beautiful the rock formations were. (In answer to our earlier question, Caroline had shaved her legs and armpits, but had a hairy bush that in some ways seemed to match Greg's salt-and-pepper beard.)

They started putting up one of the other tents, close enough to us to talk, but far enough that the tents were not touching. They angled the tent the same way we had angled ours, so that we could lay inside the tent and still sunbathe. 

Greg had taken a few polite glances at Christy's body, which was almost completely shaved, and had clearly enjoyed the view. In addition, Caroline had looked us both over. She had been more obvious about it, but even so, they were completely polite, and didn't stare at all. It came across as more of a compliment than an intrusion.

I think they really enjoyed meeting other nudists, especially ones who kept themselves fit. I had been exercising and dieting for months to get ready for the cruise, and Christy was obviously a fitness buff. (Not only had I been working out, but Christy had recently taken the initiative to shave my entire body. Although it is not something I would have done, I had to admit that it felt good, and it made my dick look bigger.)

My erection had calmed down a bit, but the thought of Caroline casually looking us both over seemed really exciting.

"Want to go swimming?" I asked Christy.

"Sure." She replied.

As we walked to the ocean, I kept looking around to see if there was anyone else on the beach. In fact, there was another couple at a pretty good distance, who appeared to have walked there from the resort. The girl was topless, but the guy was wearing a small swimsuit. They waived to us when we looked at them, but they made no attempt to come closer. If they were bothered by our nudity, they didn't show it.

The ocean was warm and clear, and we swam for a while, but did not see John and Lisa. Just to make sure they were OK, we decided to swim up toward the largest rock formation and check to make sure they were safe.

We came out of the surf on the sunny side of the rocks and walked around quietly, so that we wouldn't disturb them.

When we came around the first corner, the first couple we saw was Kevin and Autumn. Autumn was on her knees in the sand, and Kevin was leaning back against the rocks with his dick in her mouth. He had his hands in her hair, and he was holding her head in place. It didn't look like he was forcing her head, but he was certainly sticking his dick a long way down her throat. In fact, it looked like she was taking the entire length of his dick, with her lips coming all the way to his cleanly-shaven balls.

We watched for a few minutes. We were not exactly concealed, but Kevin didn't see us, because he mostly was just watching Autumn and her tight body. 

"OK, I will give it a try, but don't expect me to take it all." We heard Lisa say. 

Lisa had been out of our field of vision, but she walked over, and casually took Autumn's place in front of Kevin. When Kevin pulled his dick out of Autumn's mouth, we could see that Kevin had a normal length dick, but that it was much thicker than average. We were amazed that Lisa could even wrap her hand around it, much less take it in her mouth. 

When she turned, Autumn caught sight of us, and smiled, but continued walking back out of our field of vision, in the direction Lisa had come. We wanted to see if she was servicing John, but we didn't have to look. Within a few seconds, we heard John say "Oh wow, that's fucking incredible."

Kevin was now holding on to Lisa's head, but again, he didn't seem to be forcing her. Lisa looked up at him and took his dick out of her mouth for a second, and must have said something, because he let go and put his hands behind his head. 

We watched for a long time, and we saw Lisa gradually take more and more of Kevin's dick down her throat. At one point, she gagged a little, but never went as far down as Autumn had. After a while, we could tell that he was about to come, and he took his dick out of her mouth, and told her something that sounded like "hands and knees..."

Lisa obediently got on her hands and knees, and let Kevin shove his thick cock into her pussy, doggie style. She started gasping and moaning right away, and that made his pace even harder and faster. I turned to Christy a couple of times to see if she was upset. After all, we had just watched her daughter give a blowjob to a complete stranger, and now Lisa was arching her back to stick her ass up in the air to give him a better angle on her pussy.

We had retreated back behind the rocks, but when Lisa was arching her back she must have seen us. When I peeked around the corner again, Lisa had lowered her head and turned away slightly so that she wouldn't be staring directly at our location.

Kevin had raised one of his legs because Lisa was so tall. Her legs were long and muscular, and when he was on his knees, his dick would have been a few inches below her pussy. With one leg, he was practically riding her back. Instead of looking away, he looked directly at us from time to time. He had to know how weird it was fucking Lisa in front of her mom, but he didn't let it slow him down.

I looked at Christy again, and she seemed conflicted. On the one hand, she knew Lisa was old enough to make her own decisions. On the other hand, it was a little weird for the two of us to watch without turning away. I could tell Christy was a little aroused, and she could tell just by looking that I was hard as a rock.

I finally whispered to Christy, "Should we leave them alone?"

"I guess so," Chirsty replied. "They seem to have made some new friends..."

We carefully retreated around the rock, just out of their eyesight, but close enough that we could still hear the action. Christy put her arms around my neck, and pulled me close. I was ready to fuck Christy right there, but we got distracted when we heard Lisa say: "I'm coming..." 

Of course we peeked back around the wall. It was fascinating to watch. Her body writhed underneath Kevin's pounding, and she pushed back against him as hard as she could. Kevin kept up the pace and grabbed her hips to pull her even harder back against his dick. 

He had one knee in the sand, and the other leg propped up with his foot beneath her. When she collapsed to the sand, he could have spread her legs with his, but he pulled out instead. We watched as he repositioned himself slightly, and started shooting long ropes of cum onto her back. 

It was not only sexy, but also a little impressive to watch. He must have been ready to come for a long time, because he didn't jerk himself off at all. He just directed his huge load onto the small of her back, and into the crack of her ass.

"Oh my God," we heard Johnny say. He was still out of our vision, but we hadn't forgotten about him and Autumn. We just couldn't see them.

We could tell from his tone of voice, that he was not upset, and I had pretty much decided that I didn't need to see what he was doing with Autumn, but Christy was more direct. She simply peeked further out from behind our boulder, and motioned for me to join her. 

When we came into sight of the two, Johnny was standing with his legs spread wide apart, and Autumn was kneeling in front of him with his dick all the way down her throat. Johnny saw us of course, but it didn't stop him. Because of the shape of the rocks, they had been much closer to us than we had thought. Christy could have reached out and touched them.

Kevin and Lisa saw us too, but Lisa had stretched out in the sand, enjoying the relaxation after her orgasm, and Kevin had laid down with his knees between her legs, and re-inserted his dick in her pussy. 

At that point, there was no need to pretend we hadn't been there all along, so we just continued to watch Autumn and Johnny.

Autumn took Johnny's dick out of her mouth to take a breath, and then took his cock all the way into her throat again. She was bobbing up and down, but Johnny was also moving his dick back and forth and fucking her face pretty hard. We had a great view of Autumn's ass, and with her legs spread slightly, it gave her ass a heart-shape that practically invited me to shove my dick inside it.

I had to clear those thoughts from my mind. I didn't want to lose Christy, of course, and I was pretty sure that starting a threesome with my son and a random party girl would be a mistake.

After a few seconds Johnny closed his eyes and thrust his hips forward. "That's it..." he said.

Autumn stopped her motion as well, and kept his dick buried deep in her throat, as she concentrated on taking his load directly into her stomach. Johnny moaned, and Autumn wrapped her arms around his ass to hold him in place while his dick continued to pump inside her.

After just a few more seconds, she pulled back to catch her breath, and his dick pumped one or two more spurts of semen onto her chin and breasts. 

"That was pretty fucking hot," Christy said.

I wasn't sure if Amber had known we were there, but she didn't seem worried by us at all. In fact, she gave Christy a little smile, and said: "You guys can still join us." 

Autumn was wiping the semen off her face, but for some reason, she looked as sexy as anything I had ever seen. She was definitely a party girl, but her smile made it clear that she was enjoying herself, and had decided to fuck two guys of her own free will, and not because she had to. 

She was fully aware that she had just given Johnny a deep throat in front of his dad and his girlfriend, and she seemed turned on by the whole idea, maybe even a little proud. At any rate, when she stood up, she had every right to be proud of her body. She was completely naked, and looked like a supermodel on a beach shoot.

Autumn had been looking directly at Christy's face, but when she mentioned us joining in, she glanced at my dick, which was as erect as it had ever been. 

Christy also glanced at my dick. "Jack seems to like the offer, but I still think it might be too weird. Watching Lisa and John is one thing, but joining in might get a little weird."

"Well, we are going to go swimming anyway," said Kevin. "So you guys have the cave to yourself." Since Kevin had been laying in the sand with Lisa, and when he stood up, he was covered in sand, and possibly his own semen, mixed with Lisa's juices.
