 What had started out as an argument – a simple squabble between a married couple – had quickly escalated into much, much more. Neither husband or wife were prepared to back down; both resolutely holding their own ground and prepared to capitulate nothing to the other. And so the dare was born.

“Oh, come on. Everyone knows that men are far more predatory than women.”

As soon as Ralph Fielding had spoken the words he knew that it had been a mistake. 

Francine, Ralph’s wife, stared at him, her dark eyes blazing. Ralph had seen this look before and he knew that he had pushed her too far. She would always vehemently defend her status as his equal in any circumstance and it was usually a source of great entertainment to Ralph to wind her up like a coiled spring.

“That’s rubbish and you know it!” Fran exclaimed, her voice rising in pitch as she became totally embroiled in the argument. “Women can hunt men just as easily as men can hunt women.”

“I know they CAN,” Ralph replied with a grin. He knew that he was pressing all of Fran’s buttons. “But the fact is that they DON’T.”

Francine fumed while Ralph continued. “Men are just a lot more forward than women. For example; how often do you hear about a female flasher in the park exposing herself to men?”

“It could happen.”

“You wouldn’t.”

“I could if I wanted to.” Fran defended herself. “No problem!”

And there it started. The words were out of Ralph’s mouth before he could stop himself.

“So prove it then – I dare you.”

“What now? Go to the park and flash my tits at some unsuspecting guy walking his dog?”

“Why go all the way to the park?” Ralph asked calmly. “There are four guys working in the back yard right now.”

Francine felt cornered. There was no way she could back down now and she knew it. She had to accept the dare or forever accept her husband’s word without dispute. She nodded her head slowly.

Ralph knew that this would be one dare that he would lose, but he didn’t really care. For months he had been harbouring dark, secretive thoughts. He knew that his wife had a great body and he loved the way that men stared at her in the street. Now it looked as if he would get the chance to see their reaction to seeing her “uncovered”.

The Fieldings’ lounge looked straight out onto the back yard through a large plate window and, as Ralph slowly pulled back the drapes, they could both see the four workers as they toiled with the fencing that they had been assembling for the last two days. The black skin of the labourers seemed to glisten in the late afternoon sun as they worked and Ralph knew that his wife would be turned on by the bulging, rippling muscles that were currently on display.

It was only a few seconds before one of the men noticed that the drapes had been pulled back and that Francine was standing, seemingly unaware of their prying eyes, in the centre of the room. All four man stood gaping as the dark-haired beauty that they had been contracted to work for suddenly pulled down the top of her red dress and exposed a pair of firm, succulent breasts.

“Christ, she’s got her fucking tits out, man!”

Carl’s exclamation was totally unnecessary as his co-workers Max, Lee and Brent were all well aware of what they could see.

Ralph was becoming more than a little excited as he secreted himself behind the drape so he could monitor the men’s reaction unobserved. All eyes were on Fran’s lithe body as she stood in front of the window. Ralph had to admit that she didn’t look at all concerned. In fact she appeared calm and collected. For a brief moment he wondered if she had ever done this sort of thing before.

“Okay. So, can I get dressed now?” Fran asked assuming that she had succeeded in winning the argument and in doing so strengthened the cause for women everywhere.

“Well, you can stop if you want.” Ralph replied with a sigh. “But of course, a man wouldn’t stop there. A man would expose himself completely, wouldn’t he?”

Francine looked at her husband. She knew he was winding her up but she was well aware that what he was saying was the truth. All the stories about male flashers that she had read about in the news and heard about from friends always seemed to include the words “massive erection” in them. She recognised that she would have to strip completely to win this debate.

But as Fran peeled down the rest of her dress and stepped out of it she felt a tingle of excitement running down her spine. She had not flashed her body to anyone since college when she and a girlfriend both pulled up their sweaters and exposed their teenaged breasts to a train full of businessmen departing for the city. That had been fun and the sensations that she was now feeling brought all the memories of that day flooding back.

But could she go all the way now? She was older than she was then and her body, although still fit and supple, was still never again going to be the body of a teenager. With a shiver of apprehension, she suddenly realised that the men in the yard had already seen most of what was to see. Would discarding her panties, the last remaining vestige of her clothing, really be such a big thing? Francine thought not.

As Ralph watched his wife pull down her panties and finally step out of them he felt a shudder of lustful excitement run through him. Four men that he barely knew were at this moment drooling over Francine’s smooth shaved vagina and heaving breasts. He couldn’t help notice that her nipples were hard and swollen already and guessed that she was probably as excited as he was. She stood with a transfixed stare out into the yard and it was only when Ralph playfully smacked her rounded buttocks that she finally seemed to break her reverie and return to the present moment.

“So I win, right?” Francine stated as she turned to face her husband.

Ralph nodded. It was well worth losing the dare to fulfil his private fantasy. Well, he thought, at least PART of the fantasy. 

As Fran padded off in the direction of the shower, Ralph was left to reflect on what had happened. It had been good, he mused, really quite exciting as the erection that he was currently sporting under his shorts could prove, but it wasn’t quite enough. Ralph wanted more. He wanted to see his wife taken hard and fast by the men in the yard. Ralph looked out of the window. All the men were still gazing in to the lounge from the forgotten work positions. He took a deep breath. His arm raised itself as if with a life of it’s own and waved to the men. He was signalling them to come inside. He doubted if there would be any of them that would not accept the invitation.

As Francine wandered, still naked, out of the shower and back into the lounge she was immediately shocked by the presence of the four black workmen. She was aware of her nudity but somehow, maybe because of her earlier display, her lack of clothing didn’t seem to matter that much.

“What’s going on?” She asked as she dropped the towel to the floor.

Carl stepped forward. He was a large, man of African descent. His wide smile displayed a set of pure white teeth that seemed to light up the room.

“We all come for more of what you were offering earlier, lady!” He drawled.

“Well, I don’t know what you think I ….”

Francine’s words were immediately curtailed as her husband grasped her by the wrist and pulled her – quite forcibly – towards the sofa.

“Do this for me, baby.” He whispered into her ear, pleading. “You’re so pretty, so sexy. Let me share you with these guys, please? I really want you to do it with them so I can watch. It’s my darkest fantasy. Will you do it? Please? For me?”

For a moment Francine was silent. It wasn’t so often that she felt this much in control and she wanted to milk the situation for all she could.

“Well….I don’t know….”

“Please, baby.” Ralph pleaded. “Please do this for me?”

Francine’s face slowly widened into a great beaming grin. She would not be telling her husband but, whilst in the shower, she had been fantasizing about this very situation. She had imagined the four men all over her, pawing and groping her, licking her body and forcing themselves on her. Would they be “big”? Would they treat her like the slut she felt? As the water cascaded over her she couldn’t resist touching herself and almost as soon as her fingers had found her engorged clitoris she had felt the waves of orgasm washing over her.

With a wink to her husband she said, “okay, boys, I’m all yours. Come and get me!”

Francine leaned against the back of the sofa as all four men moved quickly towards her. Ralph sat back and prepared to indulge in his most yearned for fantasy. His wife was about to get herself fucked by four big black men!

Carl and Max were first to lay their hands on Ralph’s dark-haired wife. Her ass was almost being presented to them and both men licked their lips appreciatively as their strong, work-gnarled fingers began to squeeze the warm scented flesh of Francine’s pert buttocks. Lee and Brent caught up very quickly and seemed more than happy as they grabbed a breast each and started to pinch and roll Fran’s already hard nipples between their fingers.

“This little bitch is already wet!” Max exclaimed as he slid a finger down through the valley of Francine’s buttocks and between her pouting sex lips. “I reckon she’s been thinking about this and got all hot and excited!”

Ralph heard his wife moan deeply as Max’s fingers slid slowly in and out of her wet pussy while Carl’s digits played around the tiny exposed hole of her anus. He could see from the glorious expression on her face that she was absolutely enraptured by the attention she was experiencing.

“Oh yes!” Francine mumbled through clenched teeth. “Harder! Deeper!”

While her nipples were still being pinched and sucked by Lee and Brent, their co-workers were frantically fingering both of Francine’s holes. Ralph watched as the whole of her body began to shake and tremble. Her knees suddenly buckled and Carl had to use a spare arm, wrapped around her naked waist, to support her while she crashed through a mind-shattering climax.

As Francine trembled through the aftershocks of her orgasm, Ralph watched as the workers all began shedding their clothes. Shirts and jeans were quickly stripped from muscled, brown bodies and thrown, discarded onto the floor. Carl was the first to become naked. Ralph gasped quietly as he saw the big man’s fist enclose around a penis that looked almost twice the size of Ralph’s. The appendage was already hard and swollen and poked angrily over the top of Carl’s hand.

“Come suck some prime black meat, bitch!” Carl growled as he pulled Francine’s head towards him.

The big workman’s fingers, still wet with Francine’s love-juice, now entangled themselves in her shoulder-length dark hair. He was rough with her, as Ralph had expected he would be – and as he expected that his wife would want – and jerked her head towards his throbbing member. As Francine opened her mouth he simply forced half of his length straight in between her soft, feminine lips.

“That’s right baby. Suck me down your throat like a good little cock-sucking bitch!”

Ralph realised that Francine didn’t have much of a choice in the matter. Her mouth was suddenly full of big black cock and her hair was still being held having the effect of steadying her head while she was literally face-fucked. Ralph wondered if she would try and pull back but, if anything, he noted, his slut of a wife was doing her best to take more of the inflamed meat into her throat.

Carl moaned as he felt his tool slip right to the back of the white woman’s throat. Her fingers teased under his scrotum sending shivers of excitement coursing through his hard body. He could feel the tension in his balls building. Should he give her fair warning of his impending climax, he wondered?

Ralph and the other three men watch as, with a tight-lipped smile, Carl suddenly rammed the entire length of his tool into Francine’s throat. He didn’t seem to worry that she gagged slightly but held her head in a tight grip as he released the contents of his balls into her mouth. Francine tried to swallow as best she could but there was too much sperm for her to contend with. When eventually Carl relaxed his grip on her head she rocked backwards and the watching men were treated to the sight of their friends’ cum dribbling from Fran’s abused lips and dripping down onto her swollen nipples.

But Francine was to be given no respite. Ralph looked on as the other men, now naked and erect, suddenly sprang into action. Francine was bodily lifted from the sofa. As Max sat down, his hard tool jutting from his body like a black tree-stump, Lee and Brent lowered the willing Francine onto him. Her legs were held open and she had both hands on their shoulders as Max guided his weapon into her hot, wet pussy.

Max heard his employer’s wife sigh as his cock slithered into her dark, warm tunnel. She was very wet already but surprisingly tight. The walls of her pussy gripped his shaft tightly and he placed his hands onto her ripe buttocks pulling her down heavily onto him to gain maximum penetration.

“Can she take two of us at the same time?” Lee shouted at Ralph.

“I don’t know. I’ve fucked her myself, both cunt and ass, but I don’t think she’s ever had two guys inside her at the same time!”

“Do it, you big bastard!” Francine suddenly interrupted. “Do it now!”

Lee was unsure if the white slut was referring to him or if she was just begging Max to fuck her pussy harder. He decided instantly not to bother to find out and moving up behind her started to rub his thick, meaty cock up and down through the crease between her butt cheeks. 

Lee could clearly see Max’s tool as he bucked his hips and pumped his cock deeper and deeper into the woman’s vagina. It was a sight that turned him on and spurred his own cock into further action. His fingers probed and explored Francine’s back passage as he widened and lubricated the tight hole until he was sure she was ready for him. 

With a groan, Lee entered Francine’s hot, puckered ass. He was only in a few inches or so but he could already feel Max’s cock slamming into the woman’s other hole as hard and as fast as he could. He pressed himself in a little deeper and felt Fran’s muscles tense. He heard her cry out in lust and knew that she was cumming again.

Ralph watched as his wife’s body, now limp from the onset of climactic exhaustion, was used so brutally by the two men inside her. Max looked close to cumming, Ralph thought, his eyes were tight shut and as he rammed his meat into Fran’s pussy his trembling fingers closed around her tight nipples. Also, Lee didn’t look far behind either. His pure white teeth gnashed together as he pumped his erection in and out of the tiny, star-shaped hole. Ralph held his breath. It was possible that the two men could cum at the same time.

As if life was presenting Ralph with a wonderful treat, both Lee and Max groaned and simultaneously thrust one last, frenzied time into Francine’s abused pussy and ass. So forceful were they that, with a cry of satisfaction, Francine found herself tumbling across the sofa as the two men sprayed their cum over her lower body and breasts. For a few glorious moments, Ralph watched as his wife was pinned down and coated in thick, creamy male fluid.

But there was still one more guy to satisfy, Ralph noticed with a smile. Brent had been watching the gang-bang quietly and stroking a long, thick cock which was now dripping with pre-cum and fiercely erect. Francine was lying back, legs akimbo and both her holes open and dilated. Brent wasn’t going to miss his chance. Gripping two white ankles in his hands he hauled Francine’s legs up and draped them over his shoulders. Her vagina was now in a direct line with his tool and he lunged forward, thrusting the entire length of his cock deep into her pussy.

“Shit, man.” He complained. “This bitch has got no grip in her cunt! You guy’s must have widened her up too much, I can hardly feel a thing!”

“Fuck her tits then, Bro!” Max laughed. “Nobody been there yet!”

Brent smiled his agreement and quickly pushed Francine back onto the sofa. Straddling her chest he placed his throbbing tool into the valley of her cleavage. Fran was exhausted but seemed to know exactly what to do. From somewhere she found the energy to push her heaving breasts together to provide a warm, sweat-lubricated tunnel for Brent to fuck.

Ralph and the rest of the workers stood back and cheered their friend on as Brent slammed his cock between the twin globes of Francine’s tits. His buttocks were almost a blur as he increased his tempo and muttered through clenched teeth.

“You like big black cock you little bitch? You want more cum on you? Yes? You want to feel my cock explode? Then suck it, bitch. SUCK IT NOW!”

In a flash Brent had moved himself up Francine’s body and, supporting her head, forced his twitching weapon into her mouth. Ralph watched fascinated as his tired wife tried to create a good suction around the head. But it was all too late. With a deep guttural groan, Brent closed his eyes and started cumming. His sperm covered Francine’s face and hair and swamped her mouth. Again she swallowed as much as she could but, inevitably, she ended up looking like a drowning slut!

A Little later, four very happy and satisfied workers could be seen digging holes for fence posts and laying concrete in the Fieldings’ back yard.

“Just one thing?” Francine gasped, as she still lay naked and exhausted on the sofa.

“Mmm?”

“Remind me in future, if I take one of your dares or wagers, to make sure I’m fit enough before next time!”

“Next time?” Ralph enquired. “You think there will be a next time?”

“Well, the spare bedroom needs decorating and I’ll wager you that the workers won’t get finished the same day.”

“Okay, I’ll take that bet. But what happens if I win?”

“You get to watch them fuck me all over again.” Francine grinned.

“And if you win?”

“Er…well... You get to watch them fuck me all over again!”

“Sounds like my sort of odds!” Ralph laughed.

The End