 She had had a shitty day at work, but she was finally home. She pulled in the driveway, put the car in park, twisted the key in the ignition to shut it off, and pulled on the key to remove it. She closed her eyes, letting out an exasperated sigh and laid her head on the headrest for just a few minutes. 

She finally opens her eyes, gathers up her belongings, and gets out of the car. 

While briskly walking towards her door, she rummaged around in her purse for her house keys, found them and continued the journey to her front door. She wiggled the key into the lock, unlocked it, pulled the key out, turned the knob and walked into her home.

Dropping her purse and keys onto the bar, she thinks, "God, it's awfully dark in here," tilting her head to the side. She could have sworn she had left a lamp on this morning before she had left. She knew she would be home very late and it would be dark when she arrived back at home. 

She kicks off her stiletto red high heels. She lifts each foot individually and rubs both of her calves. Scrunching up her nose while looking at the discarded shoes. How she hated those shoes but it was part of her job; plus she always liked the compliments she received when she wore them. She knew how great they made her legs look. 

She made her way over to the end table and cursed out loud as she banged her big toe on the edge of it. She lifted her foot to rub the sore area, lost her balance and banged her head on the top of the table. "Fuck fuck fuck," she said as she rubbed her head. "That fucking hurt."

She got up and went to reach for the lamp to turn it on, clicked the knob and nothing. 

"What the fuck," she thought. She gingerly made her way over to the other lamp and turned the switch. It wouldn't work either. "I wonder if the electricity is out?" she thought.

She walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. The light wasn't on in it either. She quickly shut the door so her food wouldn't get spoiled. 

"Hmmm, maybe it's just my house," she thought. 

She glanced out the kitchen window and the entire neighborhood was dark and unlit. 

"Must be a blackout. I wonder if those damn teenagers had been fooling around again and hit a pole. This would be the 2nd time in 4 months." Her face scrunches into an aggravated and annoyed look.

"Oh well, " she thought. "It's late and I've had a shitty day. I might as well go to bed and get a good night's rest." 

She meanders into her hallway and heads towards her bedroom. She enters the doorway and had already reached behind her to unzip her mid thigh skirt. She lets it just drop off her hips into a crumpled pile on the floor. She reaches for the bottom of her blouse and starts to lift it over her head. She had it lifted all the way up, covering her head, just about to pull it off when she suddenly feels hands grab her wrists and pin her to the wall. She starts to scream but a hand quickly covers her mouth to muffle it. Her eyes widen in terror.

"Who the hell was this and how did they get in here."

Then she realized she hadn't locked the front door when she had come into the house. 

"Shit," she thought as her mind started to whirl, thinking of ways to get out of this. 

She started to struggle but he had a good grip on both of her wrists, prohibiting any movement. 

He leans in towards her ear and whispers into it "Do not struggle or attempt to get away and you won't get hurt. In fact you might enjoy it." Then she hears his wicked laugh as his warm breath wafts against her cheek. 

She briefly closes her eyes as her body responds to that sexy whisper. She had always had a weak spot for a sexy husky male voice, especially when they whispered. 

She pushes the thought away and opens her eyes as she feels another pair of hands caress up the middle of her thighs. The hands stop at the juncture. 

She starts to glance downwards to see if she could recognize who was crouched in front of her. 

The male, who had her still pinned up against the wall, slides behind her. Gaining her attention, he utters into her ear 'I think I'll blindfold you so this will be more enjoyable for you."

She feels him tug on her blouse, removing it from her body. 

The blindfold is slipped over her eyes. Feeling the silky material tighten as it gets tied around her head. 

She realizes in this exact moment she is clad in only her red lacy silk panties and matching bra. 

She almost giggles out loud at her thought, "Well, at least I chose one of my nicer sets to wear today."

She feels the male who is behind her move in closer. His one hand is now holding both of her wrists, which are still stretched above her head. His free hand is now caressing up and down her right side. 

She giggles and squirms as he trails his fingers past a ticklish spot. 

She feels him shift to move in even closer to her. She feels his warm body press up against her almost naked form. She feels him grind his hips up against her firm tight rounded ass. 

She bites her bottom lip as the other pair of hands moves up her thighs to her hips, grasping the lining of her silk panties. She feels the material cut into her flesh as he bunches it up in his fingers. 

She gasps out loud as he tugs hard on them, ripping them in two. She feels her cunt clench as the cold air of the room hits her wet sex. 

She knows in her mind this isn't right, but her body is reacting in a totally different manner.

The man behind her moves his hand up to the middle of her back and undoes the clasp of her bra. He slides his fingers under the front of the lacy cup to grope her one breast, then the other. 

She can already feel her legs starting to weaken and buckle. How she loves when a man plays and toys and teases her tits. 

He releases her left breast. He slides one strap, then the other off of her shoulders, and then down each arm. Releasing one wrist to slide the strap off of it, then the other. Finally removing it completely from her flushed warm body. He lifts her arms back up, holding her wrists captive within his one hand.

She blushes profusely as she realizes she is now completely naked and helpless. 

The man behind her snakes his hand around her waist and pulls her tightly back against him, forcing her to expel her breath. He starts rubbing himself and grinding his cock up against her bare ass. She inwardly groans, refusing to give either of the men any satisfaction of hearing her.

The other man, who is between her legs, places whispery kisses along her thighs, an occasional nibble thrown in. She fights even harder not to make a sound by sealing her lips shut.

The man behind her tightens his hold around her waist, pulling her in closer to him, once again pressing his body up against hers. She can feel his rock hard cock nestle against her ass cheeks. She can feel his heart thudding against her upper back. His hand returns to her tits, mauling them. His fingers grip a nipple; roll it between his fingers before tugging on it, pulling on it and stretching it. He then pinches it. 

She is unable to hold back her moans anymore as her legs start to buckle. She knows her pussy is dripping wet. She also knows if he continues to taunt and tease her pert nipples, she would be cumming very soon. 

She almost does cum as she feels the man, whom is positioned in front of her, lick very slowly up her slit. She blushes even more as she hears him utter to the man behind her, "She's dripping wet and tastes so very good. I want her to cum in my mouth."

She can only imagine the evil grin on the man's face as he replies, "Oh is she? Well, then if that's what you want, we'll see if we can get her to comply with your request."

His fingers pinch harder on her now rock hard pink nubs, pulling them even further from her chest. 

The other man places his mouth over her wet pussy, sliding his tongue up into her wet warm passage, flicking it in and out, stiffening it as he begins to tongue fuck her. 

She feels her stomach tighten. Her skin warm and tingle. An intense fire forms in her gut. Her blood starting to boil as it runs through her veins. Her cunt clenches. Her inner muscles start to spasm. A small cry emits from her parted lips as her cunt floods and fills his awaiting open mouth. 

She can feel his lips sucking in her warm sweet nectar as it pours out of her quivering pussy. She slumps like a rag doll as he removes his mouth. Her breaths are shallow.

She hears him licking his lips. "Man oh man, she's fucking delicious," he says. 

The other man chuckling as he retorts "Well, she's gonna get fucked, that's for sure, but then again so are the three of us".  

She jerks her head up. 

"Three of us" she thinks. "There's three of them?" she whimpers at the thought. She had always wanted to be fucked by three men. 

"I think she likes the idea," she hears him chuckle again, releasing her wrists as she slumps to the floor in a heap. 

She can hardly catch her breath, her heart is hammering so hard in her chest. She hadn't cum like that in a very long time. 

"On your hands and knees," she hears one of the men order. 

She hesitates only for a brief second or so before she hears the other man bellow 

"He said on your hand and knees NOW." 

She quickly scrambles into the position, then yelps as she gets smacked simultaneously on both of her ass cheeks, feeling the warmth spread across her flesh. Dropping her head and biting back a moan as she gets cracked a few more times. 

"Lovely shade of red, don't you think?" 

"Yeah, just the color I like to see on a woman's ass. Plus the fact of feeling her hot flesh against my thighs and groin as I fuck her from behind."

She's just about to make a nasty retort but winces and yelps as she feels a bunch of her hair being gathered, then pulled, lifting her face up. 

"Now it's my turn missy," she hears as she feels the tip of a cock being pressed up against her lips. 

"Lick me," he orders. 

She parts her lips, slithering her tongue out between them and starts to lick the tip, working her way around the smooth head, gathering up the pre-cum that has formed in the slit. 

"Oh god yesss, that's it, now open your lips, I want you to suck me, and then I'm gonna fuck that luscious mouth of yours." 

She parts her lips and starts to take in the thick hard cock into her warm wet mouth, slathering it with her tongue as he pushes his entire length in. She gurgles and chokes a bit as he shoves the rest of his cock in. She can feel the tip slipping down into her throat. Tears spring to her eyes as her throat tightens, causing her to gag. She hears his groan as he sinks his entire length into her mouth and throat.

"Ok guys I'm all the way in and it feels sooooooo fucking good." Maintaining his grip upon her hair, he rocks his hips back and forth slightly. "I think her other holes need to be filled now. I'm not going to last very long. Her mouth and throat are definitely made for fucking. I'm gonna cum and cum hard"

She feels a hand on the middle of her back as one man moves behind her. He quickly plunges his cock into her dripping sex. Her groan is muffled by the cock, which is stuffed down her throat. She feels both men thrust in and out a few times. Her body rocks between the two men. 

"Gotta get it lubed," she hears him say coupled along with a wicked chuckle. 

The other two join in on the joke by laughing along with him. 

Uttering a soft whimper as she feels his cock withdraw from her dripping sex.

The cock, which is in her mouth, sinks further into her throat as she jerks forward from being smacked on her ass again. 

She feels a man sliding under her and feels him positioning his cock at the entrance of her pussy. It clenches in anticipation. 

The third man squats behind her as she feels him position the tip his cock at the entrance to her tight asshole. 

"Oh my god," she thinks, "This is actually going to happen. I am going to have all three of my holes filled at the same time and get fucked by three men." Her body shivers at the thought and her mind whirls.

She hears the guy behind her say, "Ready? On three....one....two...three"...

She tries to cry out as both cocks sink into her cunt and ass at the same time, filling both holes, stretching them to the limit, but only a small muffled sound emits from her filled mouth. Her eyes well and fill with tears as her ass begins to burn and stretch.

The two men groan as they sink the entire length of their rock hard cocks into her at the same time. 

She feels her cunt and ass constrict around the thick girths, causing them both to groan again. Her tears spill from her eyes and run down her cheeks.

The man who has his cock sunk into her mouth starts to fuck her first, pulling his cock almost all the way out only to sink it back in again. The other two start to fuck her also. Each one alternates their thrusts in and out of her cunt and ass. 

Her body being rocked by all three as they start to increase their pace till all three of them are just ramming their cocks in and out of her holes. She can feel her body starting to react, quickly getting to the point of orgasm. 

The guy who is fucking her pussy announces that she is getting incredibly wet and he thinks she's gonna cum very soon. 

The guy who is behind her announces how fucking tight her ass is, landing a few hard slaps with his bare hand upon her already reddened very warm cheeks. He can see his handprint forming upon her skin.

She is now frantically licking and sucking the cock in her mouth. The inner smooth muscles of her cunt are rippling around the cock that is embedded in it. Her ass is tightening and clenching around the cock, which is buried deep in her bowels. Her body begins to quiver and shake as her orgasm builds. 

All of the guys are groaning, moaning and uttering "Oh god's" and "Oh fucks" as they frantically and roughly fuck all three of her holes. 

She feels all three cocks throb and swell at the same time. She has never felt so full in her entire life.

Her body quakes and explodes as all three men ram their cocks deeply in each orifice. Her cunt and ass clamp like a vise around the two cocks embedded in them. Her throat and mouth milk the cock, which is nestled deeply in her throat.

She hears all three mean gasp then groan loudly as each cock explodes in her, their thick ropes of cum filling up her mouth, her cunt and her ass. 

Her body tenses and she explodes again. 

The three men withdraw their cocks out of her at the same time. She slumps to the floor, panting and wheezing for breath. Her body continues to shake and quiver, as tiny orgasms burst through her entire body.

She can feel the men's cum leaking out of her cunt and ass. The taste of cum is prevalent in her mouth and on her tongue. She wails as cum gets sprayed all over her body. This last act causes her to cum once more. 

Her body is completely exhausted at this point. She passes out.

She awakens a few hours later and immediately feels a throbbing in her head. She reaches up and feels a knot on the side of her skull. "Ouch," she utters as she touches it. 

She opens her eyes and looks around. It's morning now and she blinks her eyes as they adjust to the light. The memories of what occurred come flooding back into her memory. 

She glances around and realizes she's on the floor of her living room and is still dressed in the clothes she had worn to work yesterday. She places her hands on the end table and lifts herself up to stand. She wobbly makes her way to the kitchen and gets an ice pack for her head. 

'Fuck fuck fuck fuckity fuck," she mutters as she realizes she had bumped her head on the end table, had passed out and had dreamed the entire thing. 

She makes her way to her bedroom, falls onto her bed, reaches for the phone and calls in sick to work. 

"Might as well stay home and have some fun," she thinks, as an evil grin forms on her face and a wicked glint becomes evident in her eyes. 

She quickly undresses and reaches into her nightstand and pulls out a few of her favorite toys.