 So I don't know how it started. I'm blaming the fact it was a hot day. As I walked out of our house with the fifth round of gin and tonics I caught a look of myself in the mirror. I couldn't help thinking 'Fuck, you're hot'. The time at the gym had paid off and framed my natural assets perfectly. My ass was tight. My thighs solid. My stomach flat. My breasts were naturally large and still holding up perfectly. Only now was I realising that the barely there bikini was more risque than I'd ever intended but certainly didn't regret. Even my long blonde hair, so often unruly, was bouncing off my shoulders as if I'd just been to the salon and not getting sloppy drunk with my husband by the pool. The thin layer of sweat made all these wonderful attributes pop to the point that I realised that here was a woman who needed to be fucked. I felt my pussy tingle with the prospect of imminently getting my husband's penis inside of it. I walked out of the house with a smirk on my face.

As I walked outside however, for a moment I lost my mischievous grin. Jake, my husband, wasn't on the lounger where I left him but by our fence chatting to the daughter of our next door neighbor. Tess suddenly put a dampener on my horniness. The nineteen year old was back from college and was clearly making the most of the sunny day. She was an athletic Asian small breasted girl and i have to admit gorgeous. She looked perfect in her sporty bikini and my husband clearly agreed. Although he seemed to be chatting casually enough, the huge erection that was desperately trying to get out of his boxer shorts, just out of view to Tess below the visible line of the fence, showed that his conversation was not entirely platonic. Suddenly my horniness hit me again like a freight train and I decided I'd teach him a lesson.

I thought I was moving pretty ninja like underneath the fence but that was probably the alcohol. In reality I suspect it was a pretty clumsy journey through the flower bed to get to the point that I was kneeling in front of my husbands dick. He didn't even flinch though as, unknown to Tess, I rolled down his swimming shorts. The thing almost jumped out at me. He was hard and I desperately tried to suppress a moan as I put my mouth around his dick. I began working in earnest desperate to make him cum and put him off his stride with the nubile thing talking to him. I sucked on his tip, I rolled my tongue up and down his shaft and then deep throated in earnest. Much to my frustration he didn't miss a beat, chatting about course credit or some other bullshit. He would not let me have my victory and he was clearly playing the game. 

"Why don't you come over and have a drink?" My heart skipped a beat. I grabbed his balls and pumped harder, all the while my pussy feeling like it's on fire.

"Sure. You're wife won't mind?"

"She's around here somewhere. I'm sure she'd love to see you." The area between my legs went nuclear. The pause let me know she was on her way round. I stopped and looked up at my husband. His huge hard dick and my gushing pussy were hardly in a state to receive guests. He just smiled back.

He pulled me up from my knees and whispered, "Just act natural" I realised that even as he said this my hand was involuntarily jacking him off. He had to prize my hand away before he pulled up his shorts and jumped in the pool just in time.

Tess was already in the garden smiling as she had been chatting about her boring college stories. I looked at my traitor husband and then fixed a grin and picked up the two gin and tonics handing one to her. 

"Hey Tess. You look great." She affected a modest laugh.

"You're my role model. I hope I look as good as you when I'm your age." I was only seven years older than the bitch. I gave her the smallest amount of shade then I looked at my treacherous husband.

"So you gave my husband a huge hard on when you were chatting to him and then I blew him off as you were chatting. He's currently trying to hide his huge erection. I think it's time he got out of the pool don't you think?"

Tess stood stunned. My husband laughed and without another word began to get out of the pool. My husband matches me in the looks department. He is fit and cut and it didn't really surprise me when he emerged from the pool completely naked, stroking his big cock which just seemed to be getting bigger.

Tess only flinched a little as I instinctively slid my hand down her bikini bottoms cupping her pert nineteen year old ass. 

"Hey Jess. Want to fuck?" I think that was the line he used on me when we first met. He slid his hand into the front of her bikini and it felt like she was almost coming even at that stage. In unison we both began to massage her tits and she was still unable to say anything. I took her hand and placed it round my husbands cock and helped her lead him in to the living room.

As soon as we were inside we just started grabbing at her clothes. She was naked in less than a second.

"We are going to fuck you within an inch of your life you little bitch." I never realised I could be so aggressive but she bit first and my libido had just hit warp speed. She yelped as my husband pushed her onto the sofa and moaned as he slid his cock into her mouth. She tried to keep her legs closed but I pulled them apart and licked at her pussy. Her moans got louder. The sweat on her body got thicker. I dug my nails into her ass. She couldn't help herself arching in pleasure. 

It was my greedy husband who pulled her away flipping her onto the floor on all fours. I yelled something which I can't even remember and ripped off my own clothes before sliding underneath her wrapping my tongue around her clit as my husband impaled her vagina. She was yelling now. 

"Lick me you bitch" 

To her credit she tried. But between the screams and the moans it was pretty half heated. Sweat was dripping off her body as she writhed on the front of my husbands dick and my tongue. I was crazed and horny and weirdly angry and I yelled something at her again. Before I knew I was back on my feet and into my special box. I pulled out my moderate sized dildo. I drove it into my own pussy and like a drill sergeant yelled, "cowgirl"

My husband obliged. Tess was on top of him apparently too exhausted to say anything but accept the dick that continued to thrust inside of her. I pushed her down. I ran my hand down her back. My husband held her even as she squealed when my finger disappeared in her ass. He held her tighter as I whipped the dildo out of my cunt and neatly and carefully pressed it into that same asshole. 

Tess screamed like a mother fucker but didn't say no as now both me and my husband pummeled her. He groaned. She yelled. Both thrust their bodies into each other as he came. I politely eased out the dildo as the sweaty bodies disentangled and collapsed on the floor. It was beautiful. Tess looked as though she run a very confusing triple marathon.

The only problem was now I had two useless beautiful bodies and remained completely unfucked. I hated Tess for a second time as I stood over the pair of them.

I bent down over Tess I put myself between her legs and gently ground away at her. She looked at me still confused. She clearly thought the party ended at her orgasm.

I waved my pussy in the direction of my husband willing his quick recovery. I was not disappointed. As I pulled up one of Tess's hands to work my tits and the other to tease my pussy I felt a familiar shaft start to work my cunt open. He gave me the rough hard fucking I'd wanted from the start. He slapped at my ass. Tess was starting to get the hang of it and I could see from her lustful look that she was recovering too. I scraped my nails against her as the dick hit deep. As the first wave of orgasm cam I clutched her throat. My body went tight. Tess screamed through my choke hold. My husband swore as his liquid poured into me. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and my cunt strangled his penis even tighter before finally we all three collapsed.

In the ecstacy we said nothing. After ten minutes or so Tess said nervously she had to go. Both me and my husband kissed her tenderly and said we would do this again sometime. We stared at her perfect body as she staggered out of the living room clumsily putting her suit back on. We were sure we'd fuck her again. What we didn't realise though was that next time it would be on her terms.