 I first saw them in a dingy little bar in Rochester, NY. They were young, in their twenties and they didn't seem to match. She was tall, blonde and pretty… And so was he. He seemed to be the kind of guy that even gay guys would say, "Wow, he's REALLY gay." But they sure seemed to be together as a couple. I asked one of the waitresses what was up with them and she said that they were married! How interesting…

I sat at the bar nursing a Jack Daniels and, I must admit, watching them all night. I was about 40 at the time, a big, athletic masculine kind of guy; you'd never know by looking at me, what I really like. She was beautiful but she had her hands full, he was drunk and dancing all around the small bar's small dance floor, pissing off about everyone on the dance floor. She finally grabbed him by the arm and pulled him down into a booth and stuck her tongue down his throat, he seemed to enjoy it but without too much enthusiasm. 

Some college guys were there, doing shots and getting rowdy, and then they got stupid. When the pretty husband headed for the rest room, one of them tripped him. As he got up, the three of them circled around him and started busting his balls. The word "fag" came up along with some other choice terms. I don't know if it was the Mr. Daniels or what but all of a sudden, I found myself in the middle of them, old enough to be their Father, but my 6"2" height and wide shoulders seemed to even the odds. "Hey" I said with a smile, "Leave him alone, this ain't right." They seemed to realize that they had gone too far and just kind of laughed and went back to drinking their Kamikazes.

Lee thanked me and went on to the bathroom and Gail, who had seen the whole thing, asked if she could buy me a drink. By now, this was my fourth or fifth Jack, so I just asked her what was up, was she trying to "turn" this guy or what? God she was pretty, long blonde hair, a big white smile and deep brown eyes. Her button down men's shirt was unbuttoned down enough for me to see some great cleavage, nice tits for a slim girl. 

"I am," she admitted. They loved each other, had met at the Eastman School of Music and had fallen in love. She was a ballerina; he was composer- in- training. Only one problem, although he loved her and needed her, he thought he might be gay. (Everyone else probably thought the same thing!). She had tried everything and was at wits end. 

"Well, you do make a great couple, he is a beautiful man; have you ever let him play with another man?"

"No, I'm afraid I'll lose him, btu I don't know if I can keep him home to myself either."

"The Dance" a Garth Brooks song, came on just then and I asked her to join me. We danced slow. And close. I think she knew that I found her to be very attractive and least my hard on gave her a hint, I told her I had an idea…

"I like couples, I love to make love to beautiful young couples, I'd like to go down on both of you, wouldn't you like to be there when your husband has a man?"

She looked stunned and flushed and then she moved one of her long thin legs right between mine, rubbing against my cock. I think she liked the concept and we headed back to the table where Lee was sitting, looking confused and embarrassed. (And cute.) 

"Hi baby, this is Matt and he saved your cute little ass!"

"Yes he did, Thanks Matt"

He was blonde too; with thin features and blue eyes that were so deep I was almost hypnotized. He was pretty well built, better than I expected and he seemed to know what I wanted before I said anything. Our eyes met and I realized I was still holding his wife's hand and sporting some major wood. I sat down, on his side of the booth and killed the rest of my Jack. Gail smiled and watched, her nipples poking out now and I leaned over and gave Lee a short kiss on the lips. He moaned and then pulled away, looking at Gail to see her reaction. She reached her arms out over the table and squeezed each of us, now he understood.

My hotel was only minutes away and we walked through the snow, after giving a fond farewell to the stunned college boys, me holding both their hands and the three of us smiling. I closed the door and Gail kissed me, her hands squeezing my tight ass, Lee, not sure what to do watched. I stopped, peeled of my sweater and shirt, revealing my hairy chest and told him to come here. We kissed a long kiss this time holding each other tight and Lee giving out this soft moan again, sounding so fulfilled.

"Gail, come here, you are part of this too, let's enjoy each other" I said. We laid on the bed and I soon found that both of my nipples were being sucked. It was some sensation to have Gail's smooth clean chin on one tit while Lee's stubble was scratching my chest as he licked and sucked. Oh, I love couples; my cock was so hard!

I finally got them to stop and get undressed; we all got naked. Lee had a thick and long cock, Gail had a shaved pussy, I had hit a homerun. I knelt in front of him and swiftly engulfed his hard on, deep throating him like a cheerleader. I felt Gail behind me, she was rubbing her big tits on my bare back while I pleasured her husband. She was reaching under my ass with one hand and gently squeezing my balls while sticking her tongue in my ear adn nibbling on my neck. I could have stayed like this all night, I am so oral and I just loved this position. Lee was getting close to coming and he fell backwards on the bed, laying on his back with his almost ready to cum cock sticking straight up. 

Gail lay next to him and whispered in his ear, "Baby you have never looked so good and kissed him on the mouth and I got on the other side of him in a 69 position and dove back down. When he came, he actually screamed, and I sucked it all. I wasn't far behind and filled his mouth with Gail there, right with him to share. Gail slid down and kissed my lips sucking her husbands cum and now he was crying, "Gail, thank you, I love you, you know I've needed this so bad…"

"Well we aren't done Baby, we have all night"

And we did, we shared each other in every way, we took turns fucking Gail after I had sucked her through a bunch of orgasms. Later, Lee got his ass fucked while Gail sucked his cock. They've stayed together since, knowing that they have each other and now and then they can indulge his "wild side." I'm glad to help them whenever I can.