 The last time I was in Tampa, I had to go to one of my favorite spots. It was a Gentlemen's Club called Mon Venus and it was quite exciting because they had the most gorgeous women of any club I had been to.

From the moment you walk in, you are being molested by these aggressive women. This particular night, once I walked in the door I felt a hand grab my ass and this one lady leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Would you like a dance, love?" She looked really good but I had already made up my mind I'd use will power and told her not now. I walked in and found me a table next to the dance stage and ordered me a drink. I wanted to watch the dancers and be selective that night.

This is an all nude club and it was extremely hard watching all the naked women roaming around, hitting on you. After turning down many women for a table dance, this one gorgeous blond asked if she could just sit down with me for a while so I agreed, but told her I wasn't ready for a table dance just yet. She said, "No problem," and pulled a chair along side of me and sat down.

She had long flowing hair that hung down over her shoulders and should have been a model. It excited me that she wanted to talk to me. She introduced herself as Inga, and told me that she was Swedish. She was dressed in a scanty tube top and thong and it was hard for me not to imagine just what her breasts looked like.

Inga encouraged me to tip the dancers so I made my way up the stage several times to watch them work for their tip. After about three or four rotations on the dance floor, my mouth dropped when they introduced the next dancer. 

It was Inga. But no, Inga was still sitting down next to me. I turned to Inga with a puzzled luck and she smiled, and said that was her twin sister, Greta.

Greta showed me what Inga looked like without any clothes because she was definitely a identical twin. Her breasts appeared to be about a 36D and they were natural. I moved up to the stage and she saw me and moved seductively towards me. Her legs were that of an athlete and her pussy was bald as the day she was born. My cock started getting hard as she gyrated around in front of me. She moved closer and turned around and bent over at the waist. She started running her hands up the inside of her thighs and continued their journey over the lips of her pussy. She looked at me through her legs and my eyes were fixed on her pussy.

She cupped her mound and gave it a pat or two then straightened up and turned around. She sat down and moved towards me and slid her legs on either side of me. Her hand went to the back of my head and pulled me until my face was buried between her breasts. She squeezed them against my cheeks then ran a nipple across my mouth. My tongue instinctively slide over her nipple and my cock got even harder. The song ended and I tipped her. She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "Do you mind if I come join you and my sister?" "I'd love that," I answered and went back to Inga.

When I walked back, Inga greeted me and asked me what I thought of her. "I now see what you look like without clothes on," I said to her.

Greta made her rounds kissing the patrons that tipped her and then ended up at my table. She moved a chair on the other side of me and sat down. She hadn't put on her top, but had worn her thong. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her breasts.

Inga felt over dressed and pulled off her top as well. They both leaned over to me and started kissing my cheek as they rubbed their huge melons against me. I had worn some loose fitting shorts and they did nothing to hide my rising cock. They started sliding their hand on my thighs and occasionally would slide their fingers under the legs of my shorts and brush my cock with their hands. "I don't know about you ladies, but I think I'm ready for a table dance and they giggled and led me to a dark corner of the building.

As the song started, they removed the remainder of their clothing and started dancing around me. Their bodies were so smooth and I'd get an occasional lick on their nipples. Inga turned around and sat down on my lap and started moving against me. Once she found my cock was hard, she started sliding back and forth on it, only to feel it growing more. Greta moved down between my legs and started rubbing my thighs with her breasts. Inga stopped and turned around and straddled me again. She leaned over and pressed her breasts against my face and I sucked a nipple in and gently bit it before going on to the other. Greta pressed closer and started running her hands up my thighs until she had both hands under the legs of my shorts and she took me in her hands and started stroking me.

Inga stood up and pressed her pussy close to my face and teased me as if she wanted me to lick her. I knew that was against the rules but wanted to badly. By now, Greta positioned my cock where the head was peeking out of the shorts and she lowered her head and ran her tongue over my tip. Fuck the rules I thought and I extended my tongue and slide it over Inga's clit. 

She started hunching her hips against my tongue as I felt Greta's mouth completely cover my head and licked the sensitive area. I was about to burst, but reality hit me when the song ended.

After being their many times, I knew that I couldn't afford to bring much money because these girls here would surely take all I had. The Swedes asked me if I wanted more dances but I told them that I didn't bring any more money after I paid them for the dance. Inga had a pout look on her face and said she really needed the money. I knew this was my chance so I said, "I didn't bring much money tonight but if they'd come to my room, I had some their for them." They looked at each other and agreed. It was only 30 minutes until closing time so they each kissed me and said wait in the parking lot and they'd get dressed.

I told them I'd go ahead back to the room and gave them a key.

Driving back to the room, I wondered if I had not made a mistake in not waiting for them. I could only hope that they would show up. I arrived and went inside and waited. My heart started beating when I head the key working to get inside. My mind raced as Inga and Greta entered the room and put their things over to the side. Inga walked over to the radio and turned it on and walked seductively back over to where I was sitting on the bed. 

Greta put her hands on my shoulder and pushed me back on the bed and told me to watch.

Greta turned to Inga and they started running their hands over each other and removing their clothes. I couldn't believe this was happening but I watched intently.

Before long, they both naked and their hands continued moving over each other's hard bodies. They stopped and moved towards me and my heart raced. 

Greta's hands moved to the waistband of my shorts and started pealing it down my thighs. I had taken off my shirt already and was just as naked as they were. I reached out for her but she pushed my hands away and told me to lay there and watch. My cock was at full mast now and I watched.

Inga moved in behind Greta and her hands reached around and cupped her breasts. Greta's nipples protruded almost an inch as Inga's fingers caressed them. Inga moved her hand down Greta's stomach until her fingers found her bald pussy and she rubbed her fingers through her folds and found Greta's clit. Greta leaned back against Inga and turned her face towards her as their mouths found each other in a seductive kiss. I couldn't help reaching for my cock and I slowly began stroking it.

Greta broke the kiss and moved towards the bed, just out of my reach. Inga walked around on the other side and moved over Greta in a 69 position. I wanted to touch but waited to see what was going to happen. Inga began kissing down Greta's stomach until her head was between her open thighs. 

Inga reached around Greta's ass and lowered her head and extended her tongue through the folds of the bald pussy. Greta reached up and pulled Inga's pussy down to her waiting tongue.

Both women began licking each other and moving their hips in rhythm with the tongues. Inga raised her head and took her fingers and rubbed Greta's swollen clit. She sliced two fingers inside of Greta and Greta started pushing her pussy against the prying fingers. I continued stroking my cock slowly as I watched the sight before me. Moans started being heard through the room as these two lovely ladies were eating each other. Greta couldn't hold it any longer and her body got caught up in a thunderous orgasm. Inga continued fucking Greta with her fingers as the moans got louder. Greta sucked Inga's clit until they both were in the throes of their orgasm. I had to take my hand off of my cock before I exploded.

Inga got off of Greta and moved down and kneeled between my legs and her hand grasped my hard cock. She began running her tongue over the head as her hand stroked me slowly. Greta moved beside me and leaned in towards my hard cock that was getting Inga's attention. Once Greta's head was close, Inga aimed my cock against Greta's mouth and her tongue started licking me as well. Inga would stroke for a bit then pull the cock back to her mouth and she took the head inside of her mouth. I looked down and watched this gorgeous creature taking my cock further and further in her mouth before offering it to Greta.

I noticed that while Greta and Inga was alternating sucking on my cock that her hand had moved between her open thighs and her fingers were moving inside her hot pussy. Once my cock was rock hard, Inga got up and straddled me and guided my cock towards her opening. Her silky walls were like an oven. They caressed the sensitive cock as I went inside inch by inch.

Greta had worked herself up for another orgasm but she didn't want her fingers to bring it about. She moved and straddled my head, facing Inga and lowered herself until my tongue was imbedded inside her hot box. Their hands started caressing each other as they leaned and kissed each other.

Inga started fucking me harder as she was getting turned on more and more. 

Greta's fingers found Inga's nipples as her breasts bounced as she fucked me. Greta started grinding her pussy against my mouth as her orgasm built to a feverish pitch.

As Inga's orgasm started to erupt, she moved one of her hands down to her clit and rubbed it hard in a circular motion. She pushed down harder against my cock and started grinding her clit against her finger very hard. 

She leaned over and found Greta's mouth again and Greta started sucking on Inga's tongue. Inga lost all control and her orgasm exploded. Her pussy clutched my hard cock as I began lifting my hips with each thrust. She came hard. Greta's body started shaking as she began cumming on my tongue and my balls exploded with her. I arched my back and thrust my hips one last time and held it there as I filled Inga's waiting pussy. We all collapse in a sea of bodies. We were spent beyond belief.

After a while, Greta grasped my cum covered cock and started licking the remnants of my fuck. My cock stirred again with her expert mouth and in no time, I was hard again. I moved Greta off of me and got up and motioned to Inga to move over on the bed on her back and then turned Greta so she was facing her and I pushed Greta down until her face was inches away from Inga's pussy and I had her ass lifted so I could fuck her from behind.

Inga pulled Greta with her hands until Greta's tongue was once again buried in Inga's steamy pussy. I moved closer behind Greta and guided my cock inside of her. I gripped her hips and pushed my way deeper inside. Her silky walls gripped me as I began a slow fucking rhythm. Inga's hips began lifting against Greta's prying tongue. With each thrust of my cock, Greta lunged her tongue deeper in the used pussy.

I reached and gripped Greta's shoulder and used this to get better leverage. My cock started pounding her open pussy and she pushed back harder with each thrust. Inga was benefitting from my fucking as Greta's tongue was bringing her to another orgasm. Greta found Inga's clit and she began sucking on it until Inga exploded again, washing Greta's tongue with her juices.

I grabbed a hand full of blond hair as my hips began pounding against her ass. I raised my hands and slapped her ass hard. I felt her pussy tighten and I slapped her ass even more. The pressure of the tight pussy clasping my cock brought me over the edge. I began cumming hard and Greta pushed back as hard as she could. Once she felt the streams of hot cum splashing against her womb, Greta began cumming around my cock. We all collapsed on each other and caught our breaths.

After two hours of solid fucking the girls had to leave. They dressed and I paid each one for my pleasure and they left. I couldn't wait to come back to Tampa.