 The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead (or just confused) is entirely coincidental. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

It is also a long story. If you don't like longer stories or are looking for immediate gratification, you might want to skip this one.

This story contains m/f and f/f sexual encounters.

----------------- -------------

"All Ashore . . ." Part 4

----------------- -------------

Tara was miffed as she stowed her luggage in the cabin. It wasn't that she didn't get the roommate she had requested; Keira had already finished unpacking and was lying on the bed watching her young friend. Tara made sure to wiggle her butt a lot. Rather, Tara had been unable to get together with Karen after the pool party as they both had wanted. The problem with being a cardiovascular surgeon is that around the holidays, people had a lot of heart problems. The older woman had promised some quality one-on-one all-girl sex as soon as Tara got back. Luckily, this was only a two-week cruise.

Tara was also still pissed because she hadn't thought of a way of getting back at Carlos. The smug bastard had humiliated Sunny after seducing her because she was Keira's friend. He had been angry that Keira had dumped him. But the only reason Keira had slept with that arrogant prick in the first place was to keep him from setting his sights on Tara herself. So Tara felt responsible. And the young woman had discovered something within herself that she hadn't known was there; the ability to carry a grudge.

But she wasn't going to let her dislike for Carlos get her down. She was young, pretty, and she had two fantastic lovers who were always ready to do the nasty dance with her. Tara was almost amazed by how her sex drive had awoken. There was a time when she thought that sex was a scary thing that would make her feel awkward. Now, she was getting laid almost nightly and still sometimes found herself craving more. In the Lounge Gang, the group of friends that hung out together in one of the ship's lounges when they weren't working, Tara had gone from being the "shy, quiet girl" to "the raging nymphomaniac." And it didn't bother her one bit. She liked sex. It had been odd the first time she had told herself that.

"Shit, I wish we didn't have to go this meeting," Keira muttered from her side of the room. "Why can't they just give us our damn assignments without having to give us a lame pep-talk too?"

Tara sympathized. That "do our best" speech that the liaison from human resources gave had seemed really important on Tara's first voyage, less so on the second voyage and she wasn't envying hearing it for the third time. But it was one of those things that she had to put up with. She looked over at Keira. The buxom babe had her eyes closed, so she didn't know she was being observed. She hadn't changed into her work clothes yet, so her mouthwatering breasts were being contained by the thinnest of tee-shirts. And the jeans she was wearing were like a second skin. ‘Sweet,' she said as she licked her lips. Hey, they had almost twenty minutes for their meeting. 

Keira felt SOMEONE unbuttoning her jeans. "Sweetie, I can do that myself." She opened her eyes and saw Tara with a familiar look of mischief on her innocent-looking face. No wonder so many people were drawn to her.

Tara peeled Keira's jeans off and yanked the older woman's bikini panties. Without any further adieu, she buried her face into that sweet pussy.

"Tara . . . oh shit . . . we don't have time . . . for this. We still . . . (gasp) . . . need to get dressed for . . . oh, never mind!" Keira said and just sat back to enjoy Tara's tongue at work.

"I just need a fix before the meeting," Tara said. "Will you give it to me? Will you cum on my face while I lick your pussy?"

Keira grinned. Once the sex started, Tara began sounding like a porn film. She loved talking dirty, and she expected her partners to do the same. "Of course," Keira said. "You never look prettier than we you have cum on your face. Now eat me!"

Tara obeyed that command with great relish. She plunged three fingers into Keira's snatch, letting her tongue roam around the swollen outer labia and clitoral region.

Keira pulled her own top off and started playing with her own breasts. She had an insatiable little minx between her thighs who wouldn't rest until she got the older woman off, and Keira thought that a little bit of breast play might speed things along. "You're such a sweet slut," she purred. "But I'm not going to have time to do you."

"Pay me pack later," Tara said. She was moving her hand quickly now. She squished her three penetrating fingers close together as she rammed them into her lover's sex. She curled the longest one just a bit so that it was bouncing off Keira's front vaginal wall. She was hoping to hit that special pleasure point. Then she began sucking on Keira's clit directly. After only a few more minutes of this, she had Keira cumming. And Tara licked up as much of Keira's girl-juice as she could. It was the elixir of life for the young nympho. Keira was squirming on the bed as pleasure shot through her. Then she let herself settle back on the bed for a moment.

"You give good head Tara," she said with a grin. Tara smiled back with a shiny face. Tara gave Keira a VERY friendly kiss, then went into the bathroom. Both girls got into their uniforms and went to their meeting.

----------------- -------------------

Four hours later . . .

----------------- -------------------

"How can one person talk so much?" Sunny said with no small amount of exasperation. "It was like he was powered by the sound of his own voice!" 

All the employees had met in the ship's auditorium. And someone had gotten clever. This time, they didn't post assignments until AFTER the speech, so no one could see what they were doing until after they had all been bored to tears. The only thing good about the entire event was that the HR rep, a man named Nick Mason, was actually pretty cute. He was in his early forties with a warm smile, and he seemed to be in good shape. At one point, Keira had whispered "Stop drooling" into Tara's ear, which had earned her a dirty look. As soon as the last speaker was done, they quickly checked the roster sheets and made for the lounge.

"At least he was kind of funny," Keira said. "The lady who came after him . . . I mean, could she have BEEN a little more monotone?"

Tara was actually falling asleep with her head on the table. Paul was messing with her hair, but she was too exhausted to do anything but absently swat at his hand. She had been so energetic before the meeting. But the second, third and forth speaker had driven the life out of her. "L'emme alone," she muttered. Then his hand slid down her back and grabbed her ass. She lifted her head and smiled at him. That woke her up a little. She was glad they didn't have to work until tomorrow. It meant she might have some fun tonight. As everyone else was chatting, she placed on hand in Paul's crotch and lovingly massaged his sex tool through his pants. He actually had to remove her hand several times; otherwise he wouldn't be able to stand up when it was time to leave.

"Hey, is that the Captain?" Sunny asked, obviously surprised. Indeed, Captain Cooper had just showed up and was sitting at the bar, and that HR guy, Nick Mason, was flanking him. 

Everyone was a bit confused by this. Normally, the officers and other higher-ups never came down. There was a particularly ritzy lounge a few decks up that they normally hung out at. It wasn't as if the Captain was snobby or anything. Quite the contrary, he was well liked by the crew and was known for his open-door policy if anyone had a problem. It wasn't even his job to deal with most of their complaints, but he wanted to let them know that SOMEONE was listening. Normally, he didn't have much use for the cruise line's human resources department, so it was also strange to see him with Mr. Mason. But the two took a seat up at the bar, ordered a couple of drinks and appeared to share a laugh. They seemed almost as exhausted as the Lounge gang did.

Over the next half-hour, Tara kept glancing over at the bar. She had never really spent much time around the Captain, but she had been impressed by him the few times she had. Like Mr. Mason, Captain Cooper was in his early forties and in good shaped. With his hectic schedule, it wasn't surprising.  He was stocky in a mature, muscular kind of way. He had been losing the battle with a receding hairline, so had simply shaved his head. Tara thought he looked sexy when he was bald. 

"You're drooling again," Keira whispered into her ear, grinning the whole time. Tara grinned back, then gave Keira a quick kiss. That got a few snide comments from the crew, and the conversation started getting a little more rambunctious.

"Now Nick, THIS is a group that knows how to have fun," came a voice from behind Tara. It was the Captain, and Mr. Mason was with him.

"Captain!?!" Keira said as the group quickly quieted down. "We're sorry. If we were being too loud . . ."

"Nonsense," he said with a warm smile. "Actually, we kind of wanted to get the crew's opinion on something. Mind if we join you?"

"We don't mind at all," Tara said, a bit demurely. The group scooted around the booth, making room for their high-ranking guests.

"So," started Mr. Mason, "I want you to be completely honest with me. Was our presentation earlier helpful to you at all?"

The gang looked around at each other, not sure what to say. No one wanted to say anything negative, regardless of the call for honesty. Tara was studying Mr. Mason's face, trying to figure out if he was the kind of guy who wanted you to kiss his ass or tell him the truth. ‘What the hell?' she thought. ‘I'm a maid. How could I be demoted?'

Tara spoke. "You're part was fairly energetic, but we'd sort of heard it all before. The ‘rah-rah' speech is really nice for new employees, but after you've been on a couple of voyages . . ." Tara was getting a bit nervous now. " . . . it's sort of old hat."

"Do you think that a short introductory speech for new employees followed by a mixer where the new people could mingle with the veterans might be better?" Mr. Mason said, apparently nonplussed by her question.

"Yeah," Tara said. "It would sort of give us a break between speeches."

"And I didn't quite understand the changes to our 401k plan," said Roxanne, the ship's yoga instructor. "I tried to follow, but that woman wasn't the best public speaker. I'm sure she's nice . . ."

"Mrs. Bryant? Actually, she's a real sweetheart and she's really good to talk to one on one. She's not comfortable with public speaking, but if you drop by her office, she'd be happy to talk your head off."

The conversation went on for hours, and the gang quickly loosened up around these two high-ranking men. Soon, everyone was calling these men by their first names. Nick even confided that he had fallen asleep a couple of times, so he realized the need to break up the monotony. After a few drinks, Tara and friends discovered that Nick and William (the Captain) were old friends. They had actually been in the same fraternity back in college. Captain Cooper realized that the relationship between his crew and the HR department wasn't doing so well, so he managed to get Nick hired away from the company he had been working at. Nick had done every kind of crap job anyone could imagine back in college, so he sympathized with "the working man."

After a while, the gang broke up, but not before the Captain surprised them by asking if he and Nick could join them the next evening. Apparently, there were some corporate suits on board that they were trying to avoid, and they wanted to get some more input from the gang. No one had a problem with that. They liked these two men.

---------------- --------------------------

Back at Tara and Keira's room . . .

---------------- --------------------------

"I think the Captain and Mr. Mason got our little girl all hot," Keira said when Tara first stuck her tongue into the older woman's pussy. As soon as the meeting at the lounge broke up, Tara, Keira and Paul had all high-tailed it back to the room. Tara undressed her two lovers instantly before they undressed her, leaving her only in her teeny, tiny thong. They insisted she wear it, which she was more than happy to do. It really emphasized her tight little ass. She had pushed Keira and Paul back onto the bed and started going down on one of them, then the other. She had already been slurping noisily on Paul's root for a few minutes while fingering Keira. Now, she had moved over to Keira while keeping one hand wrapped around Paul's shaft. 

"I think Tara is ALWAYS ‘all hot.' She just needs it all the time," Paul responded, then moaned as her gentle hand stroked his meat. 

Keira was moaning too. Tara had become skilled with her tongue, which wasn't surprising considering how often she "practiced" using it. That powerful little muscle was just licking the swollen outer labia with as much speed as Tara could move it.

"Pretty pussy," the younger woman whispered between flicks of the tongue. "Sweet, tasty pussy." 

"Less talking, more eating," Keira said as she held the young woman's head against her crotch. "Oh yeah. That's what you're good for." She pulled Tara's head up and pushed it over until her mouth hovered above Paul's cock again. Tara extended her tongue out of the bottom of her mouth, making more room for eight inches of delicious man flesh. Keira shoved Tara's head down until she started to gag, then held her there as spittle leaked out of her mouth. The older woman pulled up on Tara's head and the young woman drug her tongue along the underside of Paul's cock. Then Keira pushed Tara's head back down again. Paul was turned on by all this, with Keira "using" Tara's head as a sex tool. He sometimes worried about getting carried away with the rough sex. Neither he nor Keira actually wanted to hurt the girl and they both loved her very much. But Tara actually seemed to get more turned on the dirtier things became, so he decided to trust her judgement.

Finally, Keira pulled her friend's head back up and pulled it back over to the older woman's pussy for some more oral attention. Paul hopped off the bed, knelt behind Tara and then plunged his cock into her phenomenally tight little pussy in one stroke.

Tara gasped. She often thought the Paul's dick was the perfect size for her body, and she loved feeling inside her, no matter which orifice he chose to violate. With his hands on her hips, she felt him speed up and felt his heavy balls slapping up into her body. Then his thumbs found their way into her asshole, pulling the walls of her backdoor apart. Tara groaned pleasurably. All three of her openings were being pleasured or were pleasuring someone. She pressed her fingers as close together as they could go, then pushed three of those digits into Keira's box, slowly turning them as she went. Then she pulled them out, reset, then pushed her fingers forward again with another small turn. She started licking and sucking at the area above the point of penetration almost maniacally, her tongue and lips moving at a frenzied pace. 

"Oh! Oh God! Oh sweet mother of . . ." Keira was right were Tara liked her to be . . . on the edge of orgasm. A little bit of sucking on the woman's tender clit, and Keira was cumming like there was no tomorrow. Her juice spilled messily onto Tara's had, even though the younger woman was licking up as much as she could. Tara loved the sloppy, sloshy sound that her lover's pussy made when she had a nice, juicy orgasm. It just sounded so nasty that it turned Tara on even more. 

"Fuck me harder!" she ordered Paul, who was already pounding away at Warp 9. "Please? I need more cock!"

"Why didn't you say so," said a satisfied Keira. She went over and grabbed her suitcase. From inside, she pulled a new strap-on dildo and harness she had bought just to keep up with their horny little friend. 

"Goody!" Tara said when she saw the toy. The dildo itself was only seven inches long, but it had a decent thickness and, much to her joy, it never went soft. Keira knelt on the bed and shoved her plastic cock into Tara's face. The young woman looking up adoringly at her female lover as she took the flesh-like tip into her mouth. 

"That's it," Keira said. "Get my cock ready to fuck your little whore-cunt. Get it nice and wet before I shove it in your pussy. But what will Paul do?" she asked. "I bet you want Paul in your nasty little asshole! You're such a naughty girl, you know that? Wanting me to fuck you in one hole while he fucks your ass?"

"I'm so BAD," Tara returned, trying to look innocent while saying it. "I'm so naughty. I just keep asking for more cock and pussy!"

"She's right," Paul said with a smile. "She is bad, and bad girl's should be punished." Keira returned his smile, then shoved her strap-on as far into Tara's throat as it would go. Paul pulled out and moved a little to the side, then brought one hand down sharply onto one of Tara's tight little ass cheeks. Tara squealed in delight onto the artificial dong in her throat. This was fairly new for her. Paul raised his hand again and spanked the other cheek.

"Good idea," Keira said. "Spank this little bitch until her ass is as pink and tender as her pussy. Spank her good!"

Tara felt at least twenty swats to each cheek before they finally relented. She couldn't complain even if she had wanted to, as her mouth was full the entire time. 

"Mount her," Paul growled to Tara. Tara whimpered a bit as she climbed onto Keira's lap, facing her female lover. Even as the dark-haired woman shoved the dildo into Keira's sex, she pulled the younger woman's head down to that imposing chest.

"Suck my tits," she ordered. "What good is a slut that can't suck some titties while she gets fucked in her pussy and ass?"

Even as she was saying this, Paul had straddled Keira's knees and pressed the head of his cock into Tara's willing rosebud. Tara grimaced as the head made it excruciatingly slowly into her anal passage, but the discomfort quickly faded. She loved taking it in the ass, but then again, she loved taking it everywhere. Soon, her pussy and ass were both stuffed. Her lovers alternated their thrusts, with one pulling out while the other pushed in. She felt so stretched and so full when this happened. Tara was glad Keira had gotten this toy. Ever since she had gotten her first double penetration from Sam and Paul, she had decided she liked it. And one thing she liked as much as getting penetrated in her two lower holes at the same time was playing with Keira's tits. She was sucking on those two luscious mounds with all the power she could muster. She pawed at them, groped them, and she took nipple nubs in her teeth and pulled outward, making Keira grasp. 

After a few minutes, Paul moaned and Tara felt his spunk emptying into her ass. "This is something else she's good for," he said as his cock pulsed and pumped semen into Tara's body. "She's a good storage place for cum!" He pulled his member out with a lovely ‘plop.'

"The more the better," Tara moaned, then went back to sucking on Keira's breasts. But the double fucking she had been receiving had done it's job. She felt a pressure building up inside her. "I'm gonna cum," she told them, then looked straight into Keira's eyes. "I'm gonna cum on your cock," she said. Then she did as promised. Her pussy clamped down on the sex-toy while her love nectar dripped down onto Keira's hips. 

"Look at the mess you've made," Keira said. "Clean it up."

Tara scooted forward until the strap-on slid out of her box. Then she got off the bed and knelt before Keira, licking her own cum off the dildo and off of Keira's hips. When Keira felt the young woman had done a good job, she smiled, unhooked the harness and let it slide to the floor. Then she gave Tara a big, wet kiss.
