 March 1, 2003

The hot water cascaded down driving away the last vestiges of the nightmare aboard the plane. I desperately needed a good shower to help orientate and regain my focus. After the last fatigue had been driven away I shut off the water and reached for a towel one was dropped into my searching hand. I looked hoping the cute stewardess had followed me back to my room but no such luck. 

"Otomba, I should have known it was you." The aging black man smiled.

"Its good to see you too old friend." I dried off and wrapped the towel around me and stepped out of the shower. We embraced and I looked at him, he was the same man I called friend all those years ago but he was old now. His hair was graying in a sporadic salt and pepper pattern. There were now crow's feet around his eyes and deep laugh lines etched into his ebony skin. But he stood tall and carried himself with the quiet air of nobility he had never lost.

"It is so good to see a friendly face." I said as I walked to the bedroom where my clothes were laid out for me. "I see you have been kind enough to lay out clothing for me after all these years." I dropped the towel and reached for my boxer briefs when I heard a gasp. I turned to see a woman covered in a bright silk dress; hues of blue and silver covered her from head to toe. "Oh I am so sorry." I heard Otomba laugh behind me.

"I didn't lay out anything, this is my daughter Ryoko." I managed to stumble into my underwear before addressing the mysterious offspring. 

"Ryoko, that doesn't sound Masai?" His rumbling laughter filled the room and was joined by the light carefree giggling from his daughter. "No my friend, Ryoko's mother was Japanese. She was an art student who came to study some time after you had left my homeland. "It is she you can thank for laying out your questionable choice for clothing. I will take you shopping for more appropriate things for your stay here." I continued dressing catching furtive glances at the covered figure sitting so quietly in the corner. 

Once dressed I walked over and bowed, "Thank you Ryoko I am grateful for your assistance." She offered a gloved hand for me to take and kiss. I lowered my head and kissed the silky material. I sneaked a peek under the head covering and saw the pale white skin beneath. She was albino! That explained all the body covering; she was very sensitive to any light but especially sunlight. Her face was exquisite, an unearthly blend of Masai and Asian ancestry. She smiled and then covered her face from my gaze. "I am sorry, I didn't mean to stare, and you are quite beautiful." I turned to her father, "Please forgive me old friend." 

Again the full bellied laughter, "No forgive me of not warning you she was in the room before you dropped your towel. Besides you are being honest she is quite striking and single." I looked up shocked and his eyes were full of tears of laughter. "It is not what you may think. It would be an honor for my dearest friend in the world to marry my only daughter."

"I am not sure her mother would agree." I said and the room quieted. "Did I say something wrong?" Otomba walked over and settled a hand on my shoulder.

"Ryoko's mother passed away three years ago. A common enough illness here, but her body could not fight off the infection." The look of shock must have been heart breaking for him to see. "Do not blame yourself, you could not have known. Besides you are practically family, come let us get some food in your belly and catch up on old times. Ryoko hasn't heard all the tales of the great and famous Roger Sterling." I rolled my eyes as we left my hotel room and headed out into town Otomba on one arm and Ryoko on the other. 

"This place hasn't changed a bit." I commented as I washed the last of my lunch down with a local beer. I kept sneaking glances at the covered face of my best friend's daughter.

"Have you spoken with the Professor yet?" Otomba's voice drew me back to the present.

"Briefly before I left the States. He seems like a likable fellow." The other snorted before he replied.

"As long as things go his way."

"You seem to know him quite well." I said watching his reaction.

"Well yes we have been working closely since the big discovery." His gaze wandered about nervously not meeting mine for longer than a few seconds.

"Yes all this secrecy about the big discovery." I laughed but his mood seemed to steal the humor right out of the air. "What is this all about? Professor Wellington was not real up front with any great details."

"I should say not." Otomba said a cold sweat covering his forehead now. I waited for more detail but he grew quieter. "I hope I was correct in suggesting you for this job."

"You? You were the one responsible for this fellowship offer?" He nodded and took a long hard pull from his mug. I sat there staring at the table when I felt the most gentle of touches of silk on the back on my hand. It was Ryoko's gloved fingers reaching out to me as if in forgiveness for her father's actions. Instinctively I lay my other hand atop hers and nodded. "Well I guess I should be grateful for the reunion and the chance for such a prestigious honor." Otomba brightened visibly and did not miss the contact between his daughter and I. He ordered another round and soon we were back in good spirits retelling old adventures from our shared youth. 

"Professor, Mr. Sterling to see you sir." I was let into the cavernous office of the world-renowned Professor Magnus Wellington. The room was decorated in rich dark woods; the walls lined in tall bookshelves and curio cabinets with artifacts behind ultraviolet glass. The tall broad shouldered man who rose to meet me didn't match the seventy-year-old archaeologist I expected to find. He met me halfway with ground eating strides and a handshake firm and strong. His hair was ghost white but his eyes were unclouded and shone brilliant in the fading light. 

"A drink Mr. Sterling?" His voice was strong with a deep bass quality.

"No thank you Professor, I had drinks at lunch with a dear old friend of mine." I sat in the chair he directed me to. He sighed a bit as he settled himself into a fine leather chair of his own. 

"Ah that would be Director Otomba, fine chap."

"Director?" I was getting used to being surprised at this point.

"Oh yes, been heading up the dig, coordinating all the legal snarls with the local tribes. Couldn't have gotten this far without him." He took a leather briefcase from behind his desk and handed it to me. "Everything you need to know is in there, very hush hush so mums the word." I took it and set it on the floor next to me. "You come highly recommended Roger, you don't mind if I call you Roger?" I shook my head as he continued. "Well as you will read in those papers this is a very unusual find. And security is very tight, very tight indeed. There will be a guard on that brief until it is returned to this office. And before you ask, all the findings have been triple checked for accuracy." He rose to his feet and I followed suit we shook and I retrieved the case and soon I was walking back to my hotel shadowed by an armed guard. As I closed the door to my room I kept thinking the briefcase should have been heavier somehow. Like the weight of the world was somehow contained in its leather confines.

I sat on my bed reading the various reports written in a dozen hands and the dizzying feeling kept growing and growing. The drawings and photographs stirred memories of a past long buried and forgotten until now. I returned the papers and photos to the briefcase and tired more in spirit than body rose to my feet pinched the bridge of my nose. I opened the door and handed the case to the guard, "I have learned all I need to know, for now." He nodded solemnly and without a word took the briefcase back to the professor. 

I closed the door and leaned heavily against it, groaning I decided I needed a break from these four walls. Some fresh air was desperately needed so gathering up a light jacket and my room key I headed out. The town was filled with night sounds as I stretched my legs. After a bit I caught the rhythmic sounds of music and let my feet guide me to inn's front door. I stepped in to a nearly packed house of local businessmen and students. In the far corner away from the center of attention I found a tiny table with a single chair. Musicians were playing a lively tune as a dancer moved to the music. Her dusky skin glistened with sweat from the exertion of the dance and the body heat of her audience and admirers pressed so closely around. She had long muscular legs and an ass to be admired and caressed. Her face heart shaped with almond eyes that flashed in the flickering electric lights. My eyes drifted to her heavy cleavage swaying with every movement almost hypnotic combined with the music and the sound of her feet striking the hard wood of the makeshift stage. 

An old woman brought a pitcher of water and two glasses.

"Will you require anything else?" I looked at the two glasses and she simply smiled and left. The dance finished and the woman left the circle and walked over through the crowd to my table and poured two glasses of water. She lifted one glass and poured it over her head drenching her already wet costume. Shuddering from the cold contents she smiled then picked up the second glass and sipped it slowly. 

"Hi Roger."

"Hey Vivian, long time no see, what brings you around here?" She reached into a pouch attached to her waist and passed me the contents. I looked at the diamond necklace; it must be twenty carats at least. "Well that explains a lot." I handed it back and she placed it around her neck she looked like a princess. "Care for a seat?" She nodded and sat in my lap. I poured her another glass of water and saw that I was the envy of the Inn. "So besides the obvious why are you here?" 

"Dancing. I have been spending the past year studying with the various tribes sharing technique for technique. There are some pretty exotic moves I would be willing to show you later." She emphasized the last by grinding her butt into my crotch.

"Well…"

"He'll be busy." I turned to see Ryoko unveiled. Her pale skin and scarlet eyes staring hungrily into my own she was arrayed as before in blue and silver. But this time the scarves barely covered the naughty bits of her stunning body. I looked her over very obviously it was hard not to. Her mane of silvery white hair cascaded down to her lower back. Her face carried the best attributes of both parents, she had the upswept almond eyes of her mother, the delicate nose of her father the pale pink lips were tiny but full and well formed. Her high cheekbones and slightly pointed ears accentuated and gave that otherworldly appearance. Ryoko had a petite build but everything was long and tapered so delicately form but with a hint of underlying strength and for lack of a better word, sturdy. For her size and build she was nicely endowed with breasts that pressed nicely against their silken confinements. She smiled now; I assume my open mouth and Vivian's expression had a lot to do with it. 

"We could share." Vivian offered a wicked gleam in her eye.

"We can share." Ryoko agreed a wicked smile on her lips. "But for now he needs to be pampered and prepared for us." Ryoko waved over the matronly waitress and ordered food and whiskey. The men in the circle were murmuring a word over and over again.

"What are they saying?" I asked Vivian but it was Ryoko who answered.

"They are asking for me. They are calling for the Ghost Dancer. I'll be right back, this will be a prelude to later." She raced over and planted her hands on a man's shoulders and pushing off on him somersaulted over him and landed in the circle of men. The music began immediately and she began a feral erotic shake of her hips and breasts. Her feet beat the ground in time with the rhythm of the music. Each musician took a turn playing louder than the rest and she danced for him alone before returning to the middle of the circle. She moved with a sinuous snake-like motion of hips and spine undulating across the area teasing and enticing the men before her. Vivian's butt was moving in time with the music as well rubbing between my legs nicely. I joined the men groaning with the rhythm of sound and motion.

"You like?" Vivian whispered in my ear, I could only nod as her firm flesh teased mine to a similar state. Our food arrived and she began to feed me as we both watched Ryoko move from one dance to another. Each song invoking a whole new series of dance steps from her. After the plate was empty Vivian shifted position and her hand began to massage my flesh thru the material of my shorts. My groan deepened as my organ swelled, "I forgot how much you enjoyed this." She said in a husky voice. We set up our own little rhythm of her hand and my hips moving in time with her stroking. 

"I bet you want to stick this deep inside me don't you?" I was reduced to grunting by the primal urges awakening. "Good." She unzipped my shorts and freed me and pulling her thong aside adjusted her position once more sliding me inside her wet sex. She fixed her skirt so it wasn't completely obvious what we were doing although her face practically gave it away. We moved very little just grinding back and forth as the music built in intensity matching my arousal beat for beat. 

"Is it tight enough for you?" She taunted me again; she squeezed herself around me to accentuate her point. I lowered my head to stifle a moan of pleasure. "I'll take that as a yes." She bit her lip as I watched Ryoko spin and cavort in the circle wondering all the while what she would taste like, feel like, and sound like when we made love. My heart was beating in time with the drums and I felt my climax getting nearer and so must have Vivian she stopped and looked over her shoulder, "Shall I let you finish?" I pleaded with my eyes and the goddess of the flashing diamonds pronounced my doom. "I think not." Subtly she again shifted her position pulling me out of her, tucked me in and zipped me up. As she rose to her feet she 'accidentally' spilled the picture of water in my lap. With mock concern she got a bar towel and dried me off. It did take down the swelling, that's for sure. 

When Ryoko returned to the table I was a man on the verge of sexual breakdown. She looked at Vivian and then at me a look of curiosity etched along with a hint of understanding. "Your doing I assume." Was all she said. "Its time to go." I rose to my feet a bit weak from Vivian's treatment and each girl took an arm and led me back to my hotel room. We walked in near silence, Vivian whistled a little tune until I unlocked the door and let them in. Ryoko announced to me that she needed a cool shower and that I should run one for her. This was so unlike the quiet creature I had spent lunch with but I barely hesitated before I was in the bathroom running her water. When it was ready I was allowed to undress her. My hands were shaking as I undid the cunning knots that held the scarves to her body. Piece by piece her body was revealed in all its perfection. The swell of her hips, the curve of her breasts, her flawless alabaster flesh shaved bare as any newborns. I guided her into the stream of cool crisp water she sighed with content and stretched cat-like in the flow easing her aching muscles. 

I heard a noise and turned to see Vivian waiting to be undressed and join Ryoko in the shower. Like a schoolboy I leapt at the task and soon her ebony skin was free of it sweaty coverings. She stepped into the shower and wrapped her arms around Ryoko caressing and kissing her. It was yin and yang, a moving tapestry of opposites. They contrasted each other in everyway and soon the passion reached a peak as Ryoko slipped her fingers in the others hair and gently but forcefully directed her between her legs. Vivian obeyed like I without question and with complete abandonment. She lapped away at her bare sex running her tongue along the lips in languid long strokes. Then finding her clit she flickered it with just the tip of the tongue teasing and sending spikes of pleasure through her. Ryoko's yelps of excitement were musical and soon my own flesh was rock hard watching this display of feminine lust. 

Through half closed eyes I was directed to enter the shower. I undressed and when both were standing once again I stepped inside. Vivian was at my back and Ryoko stood before me. Without a word they began to caress me and wash away the sweat and dirt from the road. Ryoko never broke eye contact with me even as her hand wrapped around my hard flesh I think I groaned. She licked her lips and lowered herself to her knees as Vivian's arms came around to caress my chest her breasts pressed against my back. I could feel her hard nipples tracing little circles as she moved to unheard music. I gasped as the albino lips wrapped around me and began taking more and more of me down her throat. I was unable to take my eyes away from her as her head moved forward and back along the length of me. Her tongue was moving and lapping at me as Vivian purred in my ear. It was she who broke the silence.

"You like that don't you? Her lips on you, her flesh teasing yours and I wonder what she will feel like when you are inside of her young little sex? Hmmm?" Her tongue teased my ear and neck. Ryoko had risen to her feet and then turned away bending over to shut off the water I stepped forward my sex finding hers. I impaled her in one fluid motion, she cried out and gasped shuddering with me inside of her. She hissed and her eyes closed as pain and pleasure mixed. I looked down to see the water trail of blood trickle down her leg. Vivian words spoke what I now knew. "Virgin." Ryoko began to move now forward and back driving me in and out of her. Vivian's hands snaked out from behind me and settled onto her hips helping to set up a nice long deep stroking motion. I stood there like some prized stud letting the women do all the work. But as the pace increased my own hands replaced Vivian's as our wet flesh met with a loud smacking sound. Over that I could hear Ryoko's sweet voice crying out each time I buried myself in her tight fiery depths. She began to moan, a long drawn out sound as her first orgasm built in her hard and fast. The single note of pleasure reached it peak as her body shook in climax. As she began to spasm around me I came right along with her crying out driving myself harder than ever the last few thrusts nearly lifting her off her feet. Ryoko turned the water back on and we washed off our lust play.

"I am sorry." I took her into my arms and held her quivering form and let the water do its work. Vivian took her position again at my back finishing our trinity of flesh.

"It is as it should be." Came Ryoko's childlike voice, her English only slightly accented. "Do not be sad, I chose you for this with Vivian's help of course." I stood up straight and spun around to face her.

"You set me up?" She grinned like a Cheshire cat and took my softening sex in hand.

"Yep and it worked flawlessly. I think we should move this conversation into the bedroom so we are not all pruned and ugly." With that she let go and dashed into the bedroom snagging a towel along the way to dry off before diving under the covers. Ryoko and I followed suit after turning off the water once more. Soon I was snuggling between the two of them and the whole story was revealed. "I arrived here a little over a year ago to study dance, as I have already said. I wandered among the various tribes for about six months sharing and learning moves to improve my repertoire when I return home." Vivian reached over and began teasing Ryoko's nipples. "The entire time I keep hearing about the Ghost Dancer and how she knows all the old dances from the dreamtime. I ask around and with the proper bribes set up a meeting. Little did I know I would fall in lust with this petit beauty? I taught her every move I knew and she opened up a whole new world of dancing I never knew existed." Ryoko buried her head in my chest and returned to the quiet creature I knew. 
