 It was a cold winter day with freshly fallen snow outside. I awoke and fixed a pot of coffee, relieved my aching bladder and fired up the laptop all in that order. After I poured my first cup I got on the Internet to check my email. The usual crap was there, advertisements, a few jokes from friends and one marked urgent. The tag said it was from the University of Johannesburg, South Africa. I shivered involuntarily as I opened it and to my surprise I was being offered a fellowship to study archaeology with a Professor Wellington. I blinked hard a few times and when I saw who had underwritten the whole thing an unreal feeling came over me. What was a diamond cartel of such influence in the region and the world as a matter of fact doing offering me of all people a fellowship? Not that I wasn’t good at what I did for my age. I had restarted my entire life at the tender age of thirty, going back to school to study history and then changing my major to archaeology and antiquities. I would have been a fool to turn it down, but to be sure I called a friend at St. Louis University to ask about such a thing happening.

“Antiquities.” Came the neutral voice of my associate Jim Meadows.

“Hey Jim, its Roger got a question for you.” His voice took on a measure of life and interest.

“Roger, what’s up?”

“I just got an email saying I received a fellowship in South Africa.” Silence. “Jim?” The laughter came over the phone in waves when he could finally control himself he asked me the usual questions.

“Did you apply for one? Whose is the Professor? Hold on,” he said at last. “Well I’ll be damned.” The soft hush of his voice told me that the email was only the tip of things to come. “I just IM’d a friend of mine in Cairo and he got wind of this startling event yesterday, his time. By god man you’re going to Africa!”

“You mean back to Africa.” I muttered under my breath.

“Back, what do you mean back?” He asked sensing there was a story I hadn’t shared about my past.

“It’s a long story I’ll save for later.” Just then the doorbell rang. “Someone’s at the door gotta run.” I hung up and still dressed in robe and slippers answered it. I young man in his twenties was holding an envelope and an electronic clipboard.

“I have a registered letter for a Mr. Roger Sterling?”

“That would be me young man.” I signed for it and as I expected it was a letter from the University, making the offer for the fellowship official. My heart was pounding in my chest at the thought of going back. But that part of my life was over with and I had moved on. I opened and read the letter and in so many words left a number to confirm my acceptance, where I could expect to find my plane tickets and how to pack. It was after all summer there, I hated the cold perhaps this was an eerie godsend of some sort?

My plane left Lambert Airport at ten p.m. four days later. My apartment and all my belongings were being seen to by the University until my safe return. The stewardess approached me after takeoff and saw my white knuckles clinging to the armrest. 

“Would you like a drink sir, to calm your nerves?” I love first class! I nodded and made it a double shot of tequila. Three shots later the world looked so much better. At some point I staggered to the airplane’s bathroom to relieve my bladder. After flushing I looked in the mirror and saw the fifty-year ‘young’ man with dark hair and a goatee trimmed nicely. My violet eyes gazed back unblinking, ‘you are really going to do this’ I thought to myself. I splashed some cold water on my face wiped it and cleared my head. I adjusted my ponytail and returned to my seat. Shortly after my return a different stewardess gently tapped me and I looked up and she smiled.

“Do you need anything sir?” I shook my head. “May I ask a personal question?” She seemed nervous so I decided to put her at ease.

“From such a lovely young lady as yourself, anything!” She actually blushed and paused for a long awkward moment.

“Are they real?” My look of confusion prompted her to continue. “You eyes, are they contacts?” I laughed.

“They are real, my mother had them, and it is a trait from her side of the family. You can look at them if you want to.” She placed a hand on each armrest for balance and bent close to look in my eyes. Her own features filled my vision, her heart shaped face, hazel eyes that were upswept almond shaped with a cute button nose and very kissable lips. Instinct took over and my eyes drifted from hers to her cleavage now straining in her blouse. She blushed again and stood back erect she then gave me that ‘naughty boy’ look. And turned to return to her duties, my gaze locked on her swaying hips and her bubble butt. Yes this was going to be a most agreeable flight!

We chased the night and had a layover in Cairo. As I unpacked in my hotel room I noticed a slip of paper in the book I had been reading on the plane. In spidery handwriting an address in Old Town offered an entertaining time. After showering and changing into more comfortable clothing I hailed a taxi and found myself knocking on the door a half hour later. Kim, the hazel eyed blonde who had looked so deeply into my eyes now staggered quite intoxicated into my arms.

“Hey its you! You found our note!”

“Our?” I was drug in and found two other stewardess’ awaiting my arrival.

“This is the man with the angel eyes I was telling you about.” Kim staggered past and stood between the other two. The other blonde with green eyes and a very athletic figure, “This is Jane.” The red head with a stunning face and body smiled as she was introduced. “This is Moira.” I returned her smile and took the bottle offered and downed a healthy mouthful followed by cheers and the bottle began working its way between the four of us. I settled onto the queen-sized bed with my back against the headboard. 

“Thank you for inviting me to your little decompression party.” I said as Kim turned on her CD player and some band I had never heard of filled the room at an almost deafening volume. The girls began to dance their scantily clad bodies moving to the music. I simply sat back and watched taking a bottle as it was offered and taking small sips let them do all the damage they wanted to themselves. 

The girls were talking and there were secretive smiles amongst them and so as the volume was lowered to a more tolerable level the girls joined me on the bed. Kim crawled up and sat on my left, Jane on my right and Moira between my legs. I smiled as I felt hot breath on one ear and a warm tongue on my neck and a gentle massage of my inner thigh. I closed my eyes as the blondes began to work on my head and chest and quiet Moira slowly worked her way up, anticipation forming a swelling in my shorts. 

Kim cooed in my ear, “My aren’t we excited?” Then her lips found mine as Jane nibbled on my neck and Moira lightly traced my growing hardness. Kim and Jane took turns kissing me, the taste of their lips a mix of scotch and tequila. Moira wasn’t being idle; as the other two tasted my lips she had freed me and was licking up and down my length. I shivered as she raked her teeth along my sensitive skin. Kim and Jane noticing this grew more daring and soon what little clothing they wore went flying and they were pressing flesh against me moaning for my full attention. My hands groped and caressed as my lips nibbled and suckled their tender young flesh. Jane sat on my chest naked and covered in a light sheen of sweat; she was pinching her nipples and staring intently at me.

“You have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen.” 

The echo of those words brought back a memory of a fierce storm with sheets of rain and gusts of wind that threatened to lift us away. The world was black and gray and was visible only during the brief flashes of lightning. We had been drunk and foolish to leave the encampment during a storm warning. But I was much younger then and would have dared more to be with her. She led the way through the water and wind and jungle to an outcropping of stone. She wiggled through a crack between two monoliths and when I had transversed it myself I was scratched and bloody, my shirt shredded by the sharp stone. The storm seemed to fade as she once again took my hand and led me down a straight avenue lined with dark glittering stone. My eyes had now fully adjusted to the dark and her eyes were bright, almost feverish in that place. She stopped suddenly and said, “You have the most beautiful eyes.” 

Moira and Kim were taking turns tasting me, taking me into their mouths and bobbing their heads up and down on my length. As that vision of the past reasserted itself and I was drug down the gauntlet of stone to the steps. They were huge things ceremonial no doubt because of their size. No human could have walked these steps one at a time. So she and I walked and jumped down the gentle spiral of that cyclopean staircase into the black maw in the African jungle. As we moved ever downward I noticed that the steps were dark and slimy etched with some sort of ancient pictographs. And as we moved on a story seemed to play out on the stonework. A great thing lived here once, it and its children. They had ruled uncounted years ago and here the pictures became quite graphic. This thing had mated with our ancestors to spawn new abominations on the earth. But something came from the stars and there was a great battle and It was locked away and its children destroyed or driven away.

We had reached the bottom of the stairs and the air was stifling hot for the depth we had achieved. She drug me forward once more to a great black door with more of the pictographs upon its great surface. Without looking she pushed open the monstrous thing and it swung soundlessly open. She took my wrist and led me past the door into a temple. The stones on the wall glittered giving off enough light to see shadowy hints of forms and textures. She seemed so excited for me to see all of this. In the center of the chamber was a statue of some elder god, it was all suggested by the sparse lighting. I walked around it as she undressed and began to press herself upon it.

Moira unable to wait any longer took me in hand and straddling me lowered herself with a slow agonizing slippery decent. I gasped as she settled her entire weight upon me. I was fully engulfed within her and she began to ride me up and down. Just as my beloved long ago had found a phallic outcropping of this stone god to pierce her body. She had turned to face me as she lowered and pressed herself upon the carved deity. She cooed at me to join her but the horror of the coupling was just too much. 

Moira’s pace slowly built moving a little faster as she rode my stone hard spike of flesh. The vision of past and present began to merge as Moira and my old love moved with the same hypnotic rhythm both calling out to me. Then there was the hint of movement from the old god, as I circled the thing the shadows seemed to shift just a little. I closed my eyes as Jane moved forward and lowered herself onto my face my hands resting on her butt as my lips moved in silent worship. I licked and nibbled at Jane as I had my lover in the past caught up in her blasphemous spell. As she rode the god I helped her, giving her more pleasure with hands and mouth as she neared her climax. I heard Moira’s orgasm as she cried out muffled and far away. Then I felt Kim take her place on my erection. She was not so patient and rode me hard and fast but I was so distant then. I could feel it but it seemed to be light-years away. 

I looked up and in that unholy light watched her ride the dead god as its wet glistening stone cock pierced and pleasured her. Her breathing was labored as she neared completion, her cries of ecstasy echoed off the millennium stones. Faster and faster she moved in the stygian tomb covered in sweat that beaded and fell onto me as I consorted with the dead thing to bring my lover the pleasure she required. Somewhere far away Kim cried out and Jane took her place moving slowly joined in the flesh I could not feel. The stones rumbled as my lover cried out a long piercing sound of pleasure and pain. She fell away from the idol and lay there on the stone floor glistening her hair matted to her head panting from her experience. She looked up at me, feral and primitive, like the humans in the pictographs who had mated with the god-thing so long ago. She smiled and crawled toward me the unholy light fully revealed in her gaze.

“Its your turn my love.” I backed away from her the smile gone from my lips a terror building within. My flesh was mine once again as Jane rode both of us to orgasm. I felt that pleasure that was too large for my body to contain. Her long slow deliberate thrusts down upon me and her hidden muscles squeezing as she moved up. I felt myself swelling within her she moved quicker now pounding up and down our flesh and breathing as one. I felt the cold stone move around me felt the probing of its tentacle flesh. Jane thrust down one last time as I erupted inside of her, I cried out as I came. 

The stewardess shook me awake as the dream broke over me.

“Sir are you ok, it was just a bad dream.” I blinked as I got my bearings and looked about me. I was in first class and the other passengers were looking at me concerned. I smiled weakly as the voice came over the intercom.

“Please fasten your seatbelts as we make our final approached to Johannesburg Airport thank you for flying...” 

My heart tripped in my chest as I felt another scream building in my throat. The look of panic must have been evident as the stewardess tried to calm me as she buckled me in. The sound of the seatbelt clicking rang in my head, it wasn’t just a dream this was the beginning.