 I awoke late the next day between two sleeping beauties. I shifted slowly as not to wake them and checked the time. My watch read three in the afternoon! I kissed each on the cheek before I squirmed out of their interlacing arms to shower and make myself presentable to the Professor to discus the next stage of my work. By the time I was out of the shower the girls were up and dressing. Ryoko had once again adopted her daytime demeanor of the quiet shy young woman, Vivian was simply tired and in need of coffee. I walked over and brought them into a mutual hug.

“I loved last night.” I said as I nuzzled each in turn.

“Then,” said Vivian, “you’ll love tonight even more.” I must have blanched because they both laughed.

“Expect dinner and dessert tonight.” Purred Ryoko as she slipped for a moment back to the less demure creature of the night. I gulped and slowly disengaged myself from them.

“I am horribly late for my meeting with Professor Wellington. I will be back in three or four hours, will that be soon enough?”

In stereo they replied, “It’ll have to do.”

I arrived at the Professor’s office at three thirty and found him waiting patiently seated at his desk facing away from the door. He was staring out the window at the traffic in the street below. 

“I wasn’t sure you were going to return at all after reading those files.” His voice carried the distance easily and clearly. I stood for a long moment pondering a reply.

“The carbon dating was a bit, unexpected. I understand why you mentioned triple checking the results. This is a historic find, you will be famous the world round.” I said as I watched for some sign of a response. 

“I am afraid secrecy is paramount at this point. The labs doing the analysis work for the U.S. Government. The land is owned by a certain diamond cartel. And the local government wants it kept quiet as well. All three want complete confidentiality, is that understood?” I was stunned, a find of this magnitude and to keep it quiet.

“I understand, I don’t agree, but I will keep quiet.” My voice was steady but cold and emotionless.

“Your understanding is all that matters at this point and time. You will be leaving tomorrow for the site, be ready by noon.” At that I was dismissed, I turned and left, a gentleman at the door handed him a new briefcase.

“These are the latest findings and artifacts taken from the dig.” No other words were exchanged he followed me to the exit then returned to his duties. Disjointed at the forces coming to play I made my way back to my hotel room to view the photos and written reports.

The bed had been made and fresh towels were in the bathroom, ‘the maid must have been in,’ I thought to myself. I opened the case and set the manila folders on the bed and one by one began to read the reports and view the startling photos. The myriad symbols etched in stone that defied the world’s best cryptographers and linguists. There was a printout of the 2,600 characters to view and they appeared familiar somehow. The pottery and other artifacts were decorated with glyphs forming odd running patterns across their surface. I rose to my feet and taking out pen and paper began jotting down a list. I opened the door and handed the list to the guard again standing outside his door. The guard took the list and nodded, he whispered into a hidden microphone and awaited a reply. He then one by one read off the items on my list. When he was done he handed it back to me and silently waited. After a minute or so some animation took hold of his stony features.

“You will receive what you asked for by midnight tonight.” I smiled and stepping back closed the door and returned to the files. There was a pattern here, the symbols, the design but it eluded me right now. The hours drug on when there came a knock at the door. I put away all the files and returned them to the case. I opened the door and my two guests had arrived with food and wine. I handed the case to the guard and invited Ryoko and Vivian inside. The guard nodded and smiled, just a little. Vivian looked from the door to me a few times.

“What was ‘that’ all about?” She asked as she helped Ryoko set up the meal.

“My current job is very sensitive, I can’t say anything really.” Ryoko nodded as she corked the bottle of wine.

“My father has been very tight lipped about his work as well. He left for his new job site yesterday after lunch.” There came a loud Pop as the cork finally came free. “He has been coordinating things with quite a few high ranking officials over the past year when all of this mess started.” She filled three glasses and set the bottle on the kitchen table. Then she walked into my arms and kissed me fiercely I returned the passion my arms enfolding her. It was a long moment until we parted Vivian just sat there and smiled.

“What brought that on?” I inquired as she turned and began serving the food.

“You are going to be leaving soon, I will miss you.” Her tone was emotional as if she would break down any minute. “You are the first man I have been intimate with, there is a certain amount of attachment, no?” I smiled and watched her butt sashay as she moved about filling the plates.

“Yes, I am quite fond of both of you.” Vivian squirmed in her seat. “What’s wrong with you?” I asked.

“I didn’t get enough of you last night, I am itching to start the dessert before dinner.” Ryoko turned and gave her a look.

“He will need his strength. The meal will give you energy and not fill you up. My grandmother gave me the recipe.” She smiled wickedly as she sauntered over and handed me a plate and glass. “Use your hands and take your time the build up will do all of us some good.” Vivian groaned but did as she was told. I moved back to the bed set my glass on the nightstand and settled the plate in my lap eating, drinking and watching as Vivian flashed me from time to time. She would lift her skirt showing the fact that she was wearing no panties and lick her lips teasing him mercilessly. Ryoko on the other hand simply patted a small leather case near her on the couch and looked at Vivian with a knowing glance. I watched the exchanged confused but the sexual energy was building by the moment. 

I finished my food and got up to place my plate in the sink I had to dodge Vivian’s grasping hands. Then returned to my spot by the bed and sipped my wine. Vivian at this point had grown bolder and had lifted up her skirt and was eating with one hand and teasing her clit with the other. I noticed a look of the sexual predator in Ryoko’s eyes as she glanced over at the show and licked her own lips in anticipation. Vivian finished her food and rose to place her own dish in the sink she managed to find some excuse to bend over the let her bare ass present itself. Ryoko simply shook her head and continued eating daintily. Vivian walked passed her chair towards the bed but the albino stopped her with a word.

“No.” Vivian turned with a child-like face pleading but the other would have none of it. “Sit down, in ‘your’ seat.” Vivian pouted but did as she was told. The relationship between the two was complex and chaotic but they knew the rules and abided by them. After long grueling minutes Ryoko was down to the last piece of food on her plate and she began to play with it looking over at Vivian seeing her visibly squirm worse than before. She took the last piece in her fingers and popped it into her mouth, chewed slowly and finally swallowed. Then she rose to her feet and took the last plate to the sink. She stopped and grabbed the bottle of wine and refilled all the glasses. Ryoko remained standing and raised her glass for a toast; Vivian and I quickly rose to our feet and mimicked her motion. 

“To my lovers may our lust never end.” The glasses were touched together and rang; a single clear note and with it a certain finality struck me at that moment like the sound of the seatbelt aboard the plane. Fate seemed to be closing in on me. I raised the glass to my lips and drank deep. Ryoko took me by the arm and led me back to the bed. “Sit and watch we have quite a show for you.” Vivian stood up and did a little dance and strip tease. Pealing away the little clothing she was wearing. First to go was her silky black top, each shiny button undone then like a snake shedding its skin it was removed. Next came her wrap around skirt with the multicolored pattern spiraling off her body and coming to rest on the floor. Lastly came her black lacy push up bra that opened in the front for me to see her precious globes of flesh crowned with rosy nipples already hard in anticipation of tonight. Ryoko got a towel from the bathroom and laid it on a chair, then drug the chair close to the bed. 

Vivian sat in the chair and made herself comfortable. Ryoko opened the small leather case and retrieved the items within, a water bottle, baby oil, shaving cream and a straight razor. Then she knelt before the chair and Vivian’s spread legs and using the water bottle got her pubic area nice and wet then she applied some shaving cream to Vivian’s mound. She spread it good and around covering all the necessary areas. Then she unfolded the razor and let the light dance across its mirror-like surface. And with practiced strokes began to shave Vivian as bald as she was. I leaned forward to see every move of the blade as with each precise pass more and more hair was removed from the ebony mound. I licked my lips and felt myself grow hard by the act of a simple shave. But something primal was brought to the surface by this and alas too soon the whole event was over. Baby oil was applied to the area and Ryoko rose and lifted her own skirt to show matching baldness. 

“Its your turn.” I blinked at Ryoko’s words. As if in a dream they took me each by an arm and set me in the chair. My shorts were removed and my enlarged organ revealed. Ryoko splashed water on my crotch wetting my pubic hair and my erection. Then she knelt before me and applied the shaving cream and licked the head of my cock for good measure. Vivian knelt beside her and took me in hand and began to stroke my length up and down. The albino flashed the blade once more. “Don’t move I don’t want to cut you.” Vivian placed me in her mouth and began to bob her head up and down on me. Ryoko began her work of shaving me, the blade passed smoothly over my skin as I felt Vivian began to stroke me as she sucked. Another pass of the blade and additional suction was added by Vivian’s mouth. I felt my toes curling as my orgasm built swiftly a lethal combination of the shaving and the excellent lip service I was receiving. My eyes darting between the razor and Vivian, back and forth my attention was split. Another pass of the blade and Vivian’s fist was blurring as she was determined to milk me during this ritual. “Nearly done.” I barely heard Ryoko’s voice as the final pass of the blade and my orgasm came screaming up from my toes. I felt my organ swell and pump into Vivian’s mouth as Ryoko said, “All done.” Like a good girl she swallowed every drop as it pulsed from me and my heart hammered in my chest from the dual excitement of tongue and blade. I had oil applied and a fresh glass of wine as I sat on the bed catching my breath from the experience. 

“Damn, that was the most intense thing that has ever had happen to me!” Ryoko and Vivian were all smiles. I looked down at my semi hard cock and very bald pubic area. I ran my fingers along it, “smooth.” After I finished my wine, “that was a fine dessert.” Ryoko shed her skirt and top and crawled up on the bed and bent down the kissed me between my legs.

“That was just the first course.” Her lips wrapped around the head of my cock and her tongue twirled around it. Vivian climbed up and placed her recently shaved mound in my face. I traced the entire area with my tongue and then moved lower to her lips. Long strokes of my tongue traced them up and down until my attention was focused on her button of flesh that just screamed for attention. I flickered it with my tongue as my hands massaged her sculptured butt. She rocked her hips forward and back letting my tongue slide inside of her getting her ready for the second course. Ryoko meanwhile was swallowing my entire length down her throat and massaging me with tongue and hands. 

“I want to feel you inside of me.” Ryoko said as she tapped Vivian on the shoulder and they shifted positions. I was laid on my back with my cock sticking straight up. “I want you to watch it disappear inside of me.” She squatted above me and took me in her milky white hand and rubbed the head along the lips of her sex. She teased me for a while until slowly she lowered herself on it. I could feel as her sex opened for me, tight and hot and wet, I slid deeper and deeper into her. She didn’t stop until our shaved flesh was touching. Her red eyes were feral in the lamplight and slowly she began to move up and down on me. Her tight young flesh caressing me with each up and down movement. We groaned in harmony as the pace picked up. 

“Go get the guard and fuck him Vivian.” There was no questioning the voice that came from Ryoko. 

Vivian walked to the door and opened it and pulled the guard in. She lowered herself before him and unzipped his pants and freed his quickly growing specimen. She placed it in her mouth and sucked and licked until it was rock hard. The sounds and scents of the room were growing as time passed even the guard moaned as his organ was given excellent attention. Ryoko stood up and then got down on all fours and wiggled her ass taunting me. Again I stood by the side of the bed and pulled her into range and entered her hard and fast. My hands on her pale hips I slammed in and out of her with abandon our flesh slapping as we both cried out with each thrust. The guard was pushed into the chair and Vivian turned away from him and lowered herself onto his iron hard weapon. Supported by her strong dancer’s legs she moved up and down slowly at first making him grip the armrests of the chair tightly. Then moving faster and faster she fucked the guard till he was begging for release. “Where do you want to come big boy?” Vivian taunted him. He whispered something and she simply smiled. “Ok my ass it is.” She stood up and got the baby oil from the nightstand. She drizzled it carefully over his organ and then oiled herself up. “Ready?” He nodded and watched as again facing away from him she lowered herself but this time he took her by the hips and guided her to his cock. Slowly, like a snake swallowing an egg her rectum opened wider and wider until with a pop the head slipped in and after a short pause she pushed down and inch-by-inch his manhood disappeared into her until the base was resting against her cheeks. With the guard’s help she began to move up and down once more the tightness was exquisite as he began to breath rapidly. Then he was grunting and groaning as he moved faster and faster in and out of her.

“That looks like fun.” Ryoko’s words caused me to stop and look over my shoulder at Vivian and the guard. Watching him piston in and out of her and his face growing redder and redder until with a groan than blended with a shout he came. His body wracked with pleasure he shook and slammed it home a few more times until he was spent. 

Vivian rose on wobbly legs and turned and gave the guard a peck on the cheek. “Now that was fun.” She muttered as the guard snagged the towel from underneath him did a little cleaning up then tuck, zip, bang he saluted and returned to his post outside. 

“Fuck my ass Roger.” My best friend’s daughter had just asked for my fantasy. “Do I have to beg for it? Alright, I’ll beg, please Roger stick your hard cock up my virgin ass, please I’m begging.” I turned around and saw the hunger there, the hunger to please me. Vivian walked over and handed me the oil.

“I’m going to take a shower, I’ll be back for the next round.” Ryoko took the oil from me and oiled up her asshole. I watched as she drizzled it slowly over the puckered hole. And then with her finger began to work it in sliding her own finger deep in her butt. She moaned as she fingered her own ass, “I need your cock I please, please fuck my ass!” If it were possible I had gotten harder still after her pleas for me to violate her. I pulled out of her pussy and she oiled me up her tiny hands working over my feverish flesh. She guided it up and even leaned back into it as it slowly penetrated her last virginal space. My world became our flesh merging once again. Nothing else mattered but this moment when the head of my cock pierced her ring and we were together again. We both sighed when the moment occurred I paused to let her relax but stared at the magic sight of this instant. Then my hands once again settled on her milky white hips, “wait, I want to.” She pleaded to me for her to push back and impale herself. I nodded and she lowered her head closed her eyes and gently shifted her hips backward. I groaned as she enveloped me slowly and inexorably. It took every ounce of willpower not to thrust forward and finish it. She took me in millimeters at a time and made the moment last forever. 

Finally she was done and I was to the hilt in her once more. “Now Roger, fuck me, come in my ass!” I pulled back a bit and moved forward then a bit further then more still until I was thrusting in long slow strokes in and out of her. Faster and harder I drove in and out of her and every time I filled her she cried out, “Oh, oh, oh.” It wasn’t long before I felt my cock begin to swell signally my orgasm. I began pumping as fast as I could muster the slapping sound deafening in my tiny world of flesh and scents and pressure. I cried out as I thrust one last time burying myself as I came. Ryoko collapsed underneath me and lay there spent and panting for breath. 

We both heard clapping and looked up to see Vivian standing and smiling at the bathroom doorway. “Wow, that was intense! I can’t wait till it’s my turn.” I rose up pulling himself out of the albino with a sad little sigh. “I need to clean up and a bite to eat and a drink before the next round.” 

Ryoko watched me go with worship in her eyes. “I knew I could make you happy.” She whispered to no one.