 The following story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead (or just confused) is entirely coincidental. Please do not copy/redistribute the story, in part or in total, without the author's permission.

This story takes place in the entirely fictional city of Springfield, California, so don't go looking for it on a map. And in my little fictional world, there are no unwanted pregnancies or STD's, except as plot driving devices. The author encourages the practice of safe-sex.

This story contains elements of f/f, and m/f sexual activity. If any of these types of sex offend you, please read no further.

----------------- -------------

"All Ashore . . ." Part 5

----------------- -------------

Normally, Tara wouldn't mind rainy days. She liked sitting inside, staring out the window and drinking hot chocolate while the waters cascaded down the glass. In more recent days, she would have gotten one of her warm-bodied friends and taken them for a roll between the sheets. But no one else was around that day.

A few days earlier, she had finished up another voyage as a maid aboard Deep Blue Cruises. On that trip, she had made some new friends. But a former member of the Lounge Gang, a group of employees who hung out together when their shifts were up, who had fallen out of favor had basically threatened Tara with rape. If the ship's HR director, Tara's new friend Nick, hadn't wandered by when he did, Tara believed that Carlos, the despicable man in question, would have done just what he threatened to do. It had bothered Tara more than she could have guessed. Her normally hyperactive sex drive had almost shut down for a week. When she was finally able to acknowledge her fears and insecurities, that had helped. But as she looked over at the table where her copy of the restraining order against Carlos currently lay, she realized that things were far from perfect. With no one else around, she had locked the door and kept glancing nervously out the window. 

She decided to take a bath, hoping it would help her relax. She bounced into the master bedroom, which she shared with the busty Keira, who also owned the house, and her good friend Paul. They were her two favorite people in the world and were both wonderful lovers. The rest of the gang crashed in other places around the house, but Tara had been the first to earn "special treatment" in Keira's eyes. Luckily, no one seemed to mind. The entire crew was quite taken with the shy young woman who had become something of a nymphomaniac right before their eyes. Before Tara's introduction to the group, they had mostly kept their sexual exploits to people outside the gang. Since her arrival, all bets were off.

Tara lit a couple of candles and filled the tub with pleasantly warm water and a generous amount of bubbles and bath salts. She turned up the little radio on a nearby chair, then settled her lithe young body into the soothing water. She used to be very unhappy with her body, but she had become more "forgiving" of her imperfections. She was a Kansas farm girl, born and raised, and her muscles were toned from years of hard work and playing whatever sports she had been allowed to play. She had pretty blue eyes and long brown hair. But it was her innocent, childlike face that people seemed to like the most. Little did many of them know the lustful expressions that face was capable of. Mostly, Tara was unhappy with her small, A-cup breasts. A friend and lover, who was also a plastic surgeon, had offered to do the breast augmentation surgery she had wanted at the time. But after calming down a bit, she had realized she was still a little young. She wanted bigger breasts, but she could wait to get them. It wasn't like she was left wanting in the sexual-action department.

The smells and feel of her bath quickly released the tension from her body, and she found herself humming along with the music. And her hands started to roam. She took one of her small breasts in one hand while the other hand slid down to her clean-shaven crotch. Two fingers pushed the opening to her womanhood wide apart, then slipped inside her body. Meanwhile, she pinched and toyed with her own nipples. 

"Oh, that's nice," she cooed contentedly to herself. She started fingering herself rapidly, letting the tension dissipate. Then she sunk her thumb into her wet sex so she could drive her index finger into her sphincter. "And that's better," she moaned. After a while, she let the hand that had been involved in tit-play slide down so it could rub her upper mound and clitoral region. She went in slow, small circles at first, but her touch became much faster and much rougher as she felt her old friend Mrs. Orgasm dropping by for a visit. Her body twitched a bit as the pleasure ebbed through her. It wasn't an intense orgasm, but it was pleasurable nonetheless. Her mouth parted in a delicate gasp as her climax faded. 

"You're so beautiful when you do that," came a voice from the doorway. Tara jumped at the sound, and her body was trembling in fear as she looked for the source of the sound. Then she saw Keira standing in the doorway, and Tara let herself slide back into the water and tried to still her rapidly beating heart. "Of course," Keira continued with a smile, "you're beautiful when you do anything." The busty woman moved the radio to a shelf and sat down on the chair next to the tub. "How are you doing sweetness?"

"Good," Tara said.

Keira noticed that her young friend was trembling. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," Tare replied meekly. "You just surprised me is all."

Keira stroked the side of Tara's face. "How'd things go at the lawyer's office?"

Tara smiled. "Well. I had more than enough cause to file the order apparently. I just want to put the whole thing behind me."

"Listen, I can blow off this thing with Nick . . . reschedule for another time and hang here tonight . . ."

"Don't be silly," Tara said. Nick, the well-hung HR rep had dropped by yesterday to ask if Tara was doing okay and if she needed anything. She was tempted to tell him that she ‘needed' another ride on that massive tool of his, but she had refrained. He and Keira had started talking, then they were laughing and finally, they were planning a date. Tara was happy for her friend, despite her reservations about possibly losing a lover. "You two go have fun. I'm sure someone will be here to keep me company soon," she said glancing somewhat nervously at the door.

Keira was growing a little worried. After their little gangbang on the ship to help Tara get over her fears, she had thought the girl had put the entire episode behind her. She was beginning to think that her confidence might have been a bit premature. "Well, he's coming by to pick me up in an hour or so, and we WILL stick around until someone else gets back," she added firmly. "Or why don't you give Karen a call?" Karen was one half of the couple that had introduced Tara into the wonderful world of sex on her first voyage, and she and her husband Sam were both still dear friends of the entire gang. "Didn't she promise you some quality one-on-one time?" Keira said with a grin. 

"Can't. She's working evenings this week at the hospital, and Sam was supposed to be at a conference. I think. And with Paul gone visiting his folks . . ." Tara's voice trailed off. 

"You miss him, don't you?" Keira asked wistfully.

"Yeah. Just like I'm gonna miss you," Tara said in her baby-doll voice, "when you and Nick hit it off and get married and have two-point-five kids and a house and a dog and . . ."

Keira was laughing, then she caught her breath again. "Listen, regardless of what happens with me and Nick, I'm not done with you yet. Not because I feel sorry for you or anything. I still want to spend some time with my girl." 

Tara sank back until her head rested on the back of the tub. "It's okay. We all have to grow up sometime. Maybe I should think about trying to . . ."

Tara was cut off when Keira kicked off her shoes and, fully dressed, got into the tub with the naked young woman. Water splashed onto the floor, and Tara squealed and giggled. 

"I don't want to grow up," Keira said as she got face to face with Tara. "Not yet," she added, then kissed the young woman. She pushed her tongue between Tara's lips and let it dance in the younger woman's mouth. Tara's hands had almost instinctively grabbed the soaked-denim-clad ass of her friend and lover and pulled her close while a game of tonsil-hockey ensued. 

"Aren't you going to be late for your date?" Tara asked, chewing her bottom lip.

"Nick can wait," Keira said, unbuttoned her jeans under the water. "I'll just tell him I was fucking you. He'll understand. Hell, he'll probably be jealous." She managed to push her pants down past her hips, then grabbed Tara's hand and placed in familiar waters. Then Keira pushed a couple fingers into Tara's willing crotch and both girls set their hands to work. Tara curled her fingers and thumbed her friend's clitoral area, but Keira just plunged her fingers in and out like a piston. The older woman latched her lips onto Tara's neck and proceeded to give her a hickie like no other. 

Tara was fumbling with her free hand trying to pull Keira's tee-shirt over the woman's head. She finally succeeded and was able to feel those slippery and heavy breasts against Tara's diminutive chest. 

"My little girl has the hottest pussy," Keira muttered huskily. "It fits around my fingers so nicely," she said, then sucked on Tara's ear. "It fits around my toys and around Paul's cock . . . your pussy is a one-size-fits-all device!"

Tara groaned as Keira's fingers picked up the pace. It had been a while since someone had talked dirty to her, and she missed it. "I love having things in my pussy!" She reached down , pulled on Keira's hand and pushed it between her between her butt cheeks. As one of her lover's fingers punctured her pink rosebud, she continued with, "And I like stuff in there too. Does that make me a slut? Am I just a little . . . oh God! . . . a little whore that likes getting cock and pussy any way she can?"

Keira pushed on Tara until the young woman was forced to sit on the end of the tub, and then she started finger fucking Tara's pussy and asshole. "You are SUCH a little tease," Keira muttered, then planted a sweet kiss on the girl's slick clit before sucking it between her lips. She released it with a snap. "But you're a tasty little tease," she added then went back to fingering and sucking. Tara couldn't do much except tease her own nipples like she had been doing earlier. She didn't have to worry about doing it for too long. Keira knew her lover's body too well to keep Tara waiting. 

"I'm gonna cum," Tara asked. "Can I cum on your face?"

"I thought you'd never ask," Keira replied. She stuck her tongue deep in the bottom of Tara's cunt and then began rubbing her clit maniacally. Soon the girl-juice was spurting onto her tongue and down her throat. "Yummy," she said with a grin. She leaned forward and kissed Tara, letting the younger girl get a taste of her own jizz. "You're such a bad little girl," she said. 

"Let this bad girl do you good," Tara replied. Keira smiled and stood up, finally able to remove her soaked jeans completely. Tara knelt in the tub with her face pointed up, and Keira stood over her. Tara took a long, slow lick from the bottom of her friend's pussy. "Does that feel good?" she asked before taking a few more licks. 

Keira grabbed the young woman's head and held it against her crotch as Tara's tongue went into high-speed mode. "That's what I like," she growled. She ground her pussy against Tara's face, making her young lover chase after her pussy opening with that delightful tongue. She would let Tara catch up and do some deep-tongue action, then she would grind again. The girl's face was coated in Keira's juice, but the older woman hadn't even cum yet. She grabbed a handful of Tara's hair and pulled her away. "Not yet," she growled again. She turned around in the tub and bent over. "Spread my ass cheeks and eat me from behind you little slut!" 

Tara was happy to do as commanded, licking and sucking on Keira's sweet hole from behind. This also let her tease her friend's asshole with her little pink tongue. She gripped those soapy, slippery cheeks as tightly as she could while rimming her friend's behind and tunneling into Keira's snatch. She felt Keira's pussy twitch, so she reached one hand between her friend's legs and started rubbing her mound. Sure enough, the older girl began to cum, and the few parts of Tara's face that HAD been dry were now glistening with Keira's sexual spendings. The older woman whimpered and gasped as her climax subsided. 

"So, do I give good head or what?" said the impish young Tara with a smile. 

"The best," Keira said, sliding back into the tub and pulling Tara into her lap. She held the young woman in her arms.

"Nah. I LEARNED from the best," Tara said, settling into her friend's embrace and feeling much better than she had all day.

The two of them got out of the tub, got dried off and Tara helped Keira pick out a new outfit for her outing with Nick. The man in question arrived just as Keira was finishing getting dressed. 

"Wow," he said appreciatively as Keira presented herself. She had gone with tight jeans and a low-cut spandex top, and it worked for the top-heavy woman. Tara stood back and looked at them together. Nick was a handsome, sweet and well-hung stud. Keira was sassy, sexy and all together in a league of her own. They were a good-looking couple. And Tara choked back a brief but unmistakable attack of fear. Despite Keira's assurance earlier, Tara felt jealous. And she felt like she was losing Keira, and she couldn't even dislike the guy who was stealing her. She liked Nick a lot.

True to her word, Keira refused to leave until someone else got home to keep Tara company. Sunny showed up shortly thereafter with a couple of movies and some microwaveable popcorn, and the two of them settled down for the evening while Nick and Keira went on their way.

After their movies, Tara thanked Sunny for hanging out and gave the California hard-body a hug. Sunny flashed that brilliant white smile and said it was okay. Then Tara decided to grab a blanket and sleep on the sofa, claiming a spot before everyone started wandering back in. She normally slept in the big bed in Keira's room, but she wanted Keira to have an opportunity to be alone with Nick when they got back. Roxanne and Jeff had both just wandered back when Tara was going to sleep. They were confused as to why Tara wasn't taking her normal place in Keira's room, but she looked too peaceful to disturb.

--------------- --------------

The next morning . . .

--------------- --------------

Tara stretched her arms out and yawned, unwilling to open her eyes and face the day yet. She only had a week and a half before setting sail again, and she was becoming increasingly tempted to sleep in the whole time. The couch was much more comfortable than she had imagined it would be. Then she opened her eyes. She was in Keira's bed.

"What the . . ." she started. She looked over and saw a beautiful, naked Keira lying under the covers next to her. "How did I get here?" she mumbled.

Keira's eyes popped open. "I had Nick move you in here when we got back. You were exhausted little one. You didn't even wake up when he picked you up."

"I guess. You could have just let me sleep there. It would have been okay."

"Tara, what's up? You didn't just fall asleep out there. You planned on going to sleep on the couch. You know this bed is yours to sleep in."

"I thought you might want to be alone with . . ."

"Stop right there," Keira said, frowning and shaking her head. "Unless the next word out of your mouth was ‘me,' I don't want to hear it. I told you already that as much as I like Nick, I still like you. Nick knows that. I made sure he understood it before I ever agreed to go out with him. You've been able to juggle being with me and Paul, and Karen and Sam for that matter, and I was never jealous. I've been happy for you. I'd like you to be happy for me."

"I am," Tara pouted. "Nick is great. You're great. I just . . ." Tara sat cross-legged in the middle of the bed. "I'm still scared. I thought I wouldn't be anymore, but I am. I spent a lot of time yesterday looking out the window, afraid I'd see . . . him. Just because I'm okay with sex again doesn't mean . . ." her voice trailed off. Keira pulled Tara back under the covers with her.

"Do you want to go see a counselor? I know Nick suggested it, but maybe you sort of forgot that option after our little adventure on the last day of the voyage."

Tara blushed. She had gotten a bit out of control, taking on Paul, Nick and the Captain all at the same time. "I don't know." She rested her head right next to Keira's. "I'm so used to having someone around. Now you're interested in spending time away and Paul is gone and Karen is working and Sam's out of town. And neither of them were really ever mine to begin with."

"You'll never be alone," Keira reiterated. "We'll look after you."

"But you shouldn't have to. I should be able to walk across the street without someone holding my hand."

"You will. Just give yourself some time." Then Keira got a wicked smile. "And if you like, I'll hold something besides your hand." She pinched something very sensitive on Tara's body, causing the young woman to squeak, then the only sound for a while was two women giggling. Tara realized she wouldn't be getting out of bed after all.

------------- ----------------

A week later . . .

------------- ----------------

Tara walked out of her counselor's office feeling a bit better about herself. Nick and Keira had both gently prodded her toward doing this, and she decided it had been for the best. While reluctant to talk at first, the man she had talked to had finally gotten her to open up, and not just about the potential rape situation. She talked about her upbringing and her sudden explosion into the world of sexual activity and her feelings about her bisexuality. She also discussed her confusion about what to do, if anything, about her strong feelings for both Keira and Paul. By the time she was done, she realized how many things, from the trivial to the pronounced, that she had been failing to deal with and that had piled up in her mind. She had enjoyed the sex acts themselves, but she had also used them to hide from her problems. Tara began to feel that she could deal with some of her issues, as well as continuing having a healthy sex life. She was expecting Keira to pick her up, so she was surprised when she saw her friend Karen waiting in the lobby. Karen, and her husband Sam, had been Tara's first homosexual and heterosexual experiences, respectively. She was a brown-haired beauty in her forties with a set of C-cup tits provided by her plastic-surgeon husband. 

"Hey shorty. I called over to your house to talk to you, and Keira said you were here," Karen said, giving the young woman big, warm hug. "I haven't seen you in a while, so I offered to come pick you up." She looked at the receptionist, and her lovely face took on a worried expression. "Are you okay? I was confused why you'd come here."

Tara sighed. As they made their way out to Karen's incredibly fancy and expensive car, she told her everything. Karen was furious when she heard about what Carlos had threatened to do, and insisted she get to meet Nick at some point. She wanted to thank the man who had protected her favorite little girl. Tara said it could probably be arranged.

Karen insisted on taking Tara out for an incredibly expensive and wholly delicious lunch. As they were getting back in the car, the older woman obviously wanted to say something, then suddenly shut her mouth.
