 Ever tried to shift the weight of a sleeping man from your body? Ever tried to shift two? It's like being pinned to the bed by a felled water-buffalo; well at least I imagine it would be. It's not that I mind – being pinned by two men that is – it's just that it's rather difficult to extricate yourself without waking them, especially if your trying to avoid another bout of rampant love-making. Now don't get me wrong, I would never deliberately avoid making love, especially to the two now sleeping peacefully, but occasionally a girl needs a moment to herself, and now is one of those times.

I pried my torso from beneath Cain; his head was resting on my breast and his thick muscular right arm lay limply across my body. As I moved he growled in his sleep and unconsciously reached out for the pillow I had vacated, pulling it under him and settling once more. Carefully I sat up and slowly lifted the thin left hand and arm of Bowdy from my knee. Stretching slightly he rolled over onto his back and continued to sleep. Moving delicately I edged towards the end of the large bed and pulled on a silk robe before heading to the kitchen for a glass of water; all this extra-curricular exercise makes one desperately thirsty. I finished the glass and poured another before heading back to the bedroom. Sipping slowly at the cool liquid, I stood in the doorway and admired the scene.

In the half glow from the light through the curtains I watched the two sleeping figures. They are both so different yet so incredible in their own ways. It's strange now, but I can't remember a time when I didn't know them, socially as well as intimately – the latter being my preference. I had introduced the two men some years ago. I'd known Bowdy – or Bow as I preferred to call him – for a couple of years before we began our little 'gathering'. He is the younger of the two and had tried to pick me up at a party one night by plying me with drinks and a smooth line of chat. Suffice to say he wasn't successful, but there was something about him that attracted me. He is always immaculately dressed in the latest styles, carrying an air of suave sophistication about him. He is tall, thin and some would say lanky, although I personally favour the term svelte. He is incredibly toned and deceptively strong for such a physique, but one wouldn't know that unless they had witnessed his bedroom acrobatics. He is pale to the point of opaqueness, which I suppose enhances his gaunt appearance, yet there is something quite seductive about him. For me it's the sparkle in those hazel, almost mahogany-red, eyes that seem to melt you at the first glance. He has fine almost feminine features; high cheekbones, a thin straight nose and full pink lips that he pouts like some naughty school-boy. His jaw is chiselled and set. Add to that his thatch of shoulder length auburn hair and it's not hard to imagine him strutting his stuff as a catwalk model, which in fact is what he is.

Then there is Cain, who I've known the longest. How much more could two men be so opposed in appearance and temperament? Cain is dark in looks and manner; thick, long black hair that cascades over his equally thick muscular shoulders. Occasionally he wears it back in a clip with two loose bangs framing his face, but mostly he wears it down, letting it fall where it will. He is much older than Bow and me, although how old he has never told me, yet his manner is always that of a much younger man. His complexion is weather-worn and tanned from years of travel. He shaves, but lets the sides grow out into thick bristly black sideburns that give him a mean kind of look, which is only subdued by the long black 'cow-like' eyelashes that most women would kill for. From between those wonderful lashes, and hidden so often by the dark furrowed brow with which he gazes upon the world, are two perfect blue eyes, not one single colour of blue, but shades; spreading from his black pupils in hues of ice blue to thunder-cloud grey, ringed by a thin line of ink black at the edge. It was these two wolf-like eyes that first caught my attention as I worked at a photo shoot one afternoon. He was body-guarding for some glamour girl; quietly waiting, hands clasped in front of his abdomen, thick legs spread, supporting his ample frame. I'd asked him then and there if he would pose for me sometime, which I hasten to add he did, and in time I got more than just pictures. Cain is every bit the tough-guy; short, thick-set, muscles rippling from head to foot, always dressed in black to match his 'assumed to be' black mood and not the sort one would consider taking home to meet the parents. But behind every cover there is usually a surprising read and Cain is no disappointment. Incredibly well educated, articulate – when driven to converse from his quiet contemplation – and well mannered to the point of chivalrous. It was strange then, that when I introduced the two men that they hit it off straight away; the elegant, verging-on-superficial catwalk boy and the deeply private, hard-looking protection. Thinking back to that night, it was a pretty casual first meeting where models, bodyguards and photographers always seem to end up rubbing shoulders. I was with Bowdy at the time; not what one would call a serious relationship, more of an 'habitual affair'. Seeing Cain again after a long absence had been a pleasant surprise; I'd missed the way he handled me. 

Now don't get the wrong idea, I'm no slut. I pick my men with a great deal of consideration. I don't just jump into bed with the first bit of 'meat' that comes along. It's more a gradual process, I like to know my partners thoroughly before I let them anywhere near my inner-sanctum and I knew these two oh-so well. They both stimulated me mentally long before they exhilarated me physically; both in different ways but both giving me what I needed when I needed it - Cain, with his deeply beautiful anthropomorphic thoughts and Bow with his amusing and sardonic views on life. In bed they are just as different. Bow is delicate, smooth, a real-life 'Gigolo-Joe', made in every way to give pleasure. Cain is fearsome - not violent, I would never tolerate that - but powerful, aggressive and hungry. And they both drive me crazy.

All three of us had quit the party early – you've seen one fashion promotion, you've seen 'em all – choosing instead to find a quiet sofa-strewned bar down-town. Drinks flowed without respite and the three of us talked incessantly – well two of us did, Cain felt happy just to sit by me and drink his beer, adding a few words here and there. As always, Bow flirted constantly, flashing his eyes and pouting his lips, occasionally playing footsie under the low table that separated the two sofas on which we sat. I leaned casually against Cain's body, his arm draped behind me across the back of the sofa. It wasn't until the conversation had well-and-truly turned to matters sexual that I felt Cain's fingers entwined themselves in my hair. I smiled inwardly at this gentle show of affection. Bow continued to make some lewd comments about something or other and I guessed the discussion had piqued Cain's interest even though he remained quiet.

By the time the barman called last orders, it was clear Bow was feeling highly charged, but I was in no rush and quite frankly was enjoying the feel of Cain's fingers which had in time moved to the nape of my neck. Finally we rose to leave. I wouldn't say the moment was awkward but Bow was desperate to get me on my back and yet I felt strangely in need of Cain's continued touch. Not wishing to give either one the brush-off I suggested we continue the 'conversation' back at my place, only a block from the bar.

My place is one of those open-plan, uninhibited kind of apartments where only the bathroom allows for privacy. With the two men making themselves at home with more beer and the piles of cushions that temporarily stood-in for a sofa, I headed for the raised area which acted as my bedroom, stripping off my evening formals and sliding into my shorts and vest-top. Even without looking over my shoulder I knew the moment of silence signified they were watching me undress. I revelled in the attention, pretending I hadn't noticed.

Cain and Bow laid out close to each other like two Roman aristocrats – beers in hand - amid the cushions. I could have picked the spot opposite them both, keeping the mood polite but I chose to slide into the cushions between them making the ambience a little more intimate. Although it remained amiable, I was beginning to feel the atmosphere between the two men grow as the irresistible urge to vie for my attentions increased. Bow became more animated than usual whilst Cain, remaining quiet, resumed the fondling of my hair. I have to admit, thinking upon it now I was secretly enjoying their ministrations and the thought of allowing them to compete thrilled me a little.

I felt Bow's hand slide onto my leg as he talked, stroking gently in little circles on my thigh, then Cain's fingers moved to my bare shoulder and I shivered at the touch. For a few moments I revelled in their strokes, closing my eyes, listening to Bow talk and Cain make the occasional answer. It wasn't until I realised there was silence did I open my eyes. Both men were looking at me, both staring with salacious eyes at my body. The little touches had ceased and they waited. 

It never occurred to me until that moment that I could have them both, it seemed only natural that one or the other would eventually back down. But I knew now neither was about to give in; both wanted me and both were determined to have what I was prepared to give them. Now I'm not a prudish woman, far from it, I've tried most things and am not afraid to experiment with my sexuality. But to have these two delicious men both together filled me with some trepidation. I had taken part in threesomes before but both of them had the skill to pleasure me beyond the ability of any other partner I had had and to consider that pleasure would be at twice its potency was almost mind-blowing.

But in that moment I chose to experience it; to feel the hungry 'Darkness' and the nimble 'Brightness' consume my body. I cannot describe the way my heart quickened and my body instantly ached when they both bent to kiss me in turn. Neither of them spoke, it was as if they both knew what their role was to be. It was Cain who slipped from his shirt first, revealing his solid mounds of pectoral muscles and tight abs all coated in a soft sheen of black hair. I let my fingers find their way to him and my hand run through the softness, enjoying the remembrance of our times before. Bowdy had already found a place at my thigh and was kissing and nibbling the little spot I liked so much. I let myself relax into the cushions as Cain slowly lifted my vest and began to lick at my belly.

Within minutes I was naked. It was not rushed or forceful but erotic and seductive, the two working together to ease me from my garments. I couldn't begin to count the number of times the two brought me to climax; taking it in turns to lay between my legs and lick and suck and nibble until I shook with overwhelming pleasure and uncontrolled screams issued from my lips as the other work his way over my body. Tongues and fingers found every inch of my flesh, pressed and lapped at every erogenous spot till my skin tingled and my mind whirled. I lay, weakened and panting in the cushions when Bow brought me a glass of water and the two gave me time to recover my strength. I hadn't noticed through all the attention they had lavished on me that both had stripped themselves of their clothes and now lounged on either side of me naked and, by the looks of them, wonderfully aroused.

I wanted them both so much, but like choosing a favourite chocolate from a selection box I couldn't decide which I wanted to savour first; the dark or the milk. Sitting between them I moved first to Cain – dark and seductive - and kissed him deeply, his firm lips locking over my mouth as his tongue wound its way around mine. He was so powerful, so firm and the wetness instantly returned between my legs as Bow played his fingers up and down my back. Breaking free I turned to Bowdy – creamy and sweet - his soft full mouth resting gently on mine as he pulled at my bottom lip with his teeth, running his tongue over the sensitive flesh just inside; the gentleness in contrast to Cain's intensity increasing my eagerness. Cain nibbled at my shoulder and I heard that beautiful deep growl of satisfaction that he always made, like some content animal.

As I lay back into the cushions, my two lovers moved in over me once more till they were almost touching. For a moment I thought they were about to take turns again but Bowdy paused. I noticed the glance he made towards Cain, in fact I'd notice the looks he had been giving him all night and I held my breath for a second. Bowdy, like me, is not inhibited by his sexuality. He has experienced more than most, but this was the first time I had seen his fascination for the masculine. I could see in his eyes and knew all too well that bright, lust-filled flicker of red-brown accompanied by the flush in his cheeks that told me he found Cain's powerful maleness as attractive as I did. I've seen so often since then, that light when he sees Cain again after a long absence. I think Cain recognised it too as his blue eyes followed to were I looked and he found himself staring at Bow; that boyish pout catching him by surprise. I have no idea what thought passed through Cain's mind in that moment but as I lay watching he reached over with his big hand and wrapped it around Bowdy's neck pulling him roughly towards him. I was sure I heard Bow let out a soft gasp as Cain's lips found his in a hard kiss. The ripple of excitement that fluttered through my body is hard to describe but I felt so aroused by these two I couldn't take my eyes off them. After a long moment Cain released Bow from his grip and allowed him to come up for air. I remember smiling at the surprised expression that crossed Bowdy's face and then the lascivious grin that replaced it as he leaned back across to take a second taste of Cain; this time softer and deeper, with lips and tongues snaking between them. To watch these two men be so intimate had to be one of the most erotic sights I have ever witnessed. I let my hand play down my body and slide between my legs, rubbing myself frantically to release the tightness that was growing there as I beheld this delicious spectacle.

When the boys had finished with their enjoyment, they returned their attentions to me, both watching me for a while as I writhed and squirmed in the cushions until I brought myself off. When I opened my eyes Cain was sitting over me; his legs either side of my hips. The look in his eyes told me how hungry he was and I knew from where he sat exactly what he wanted from me. Carefully I obliged by rolling over onto my belly; as I did I felt the hardness of his manhood brush my body. With his two large hands he hoisted my hips into the air until I was on all fours. I waited passively as he shifted his position behind me. 

Cain is one of those lovers that instils passiveness in even the strongest partner. He handles you with firmness and determination, he knows what he wants and how he wants it and right at that moment I was only too eager to comply. I felt his fingers run lightly from my neck to the cleft of my ass and then continue down, sliding over my hole and deftly into my wetness. I bucked forward and then pressed back slowly into his hand. He repeated this over and over, until my back felt wet with my juice and I felt the stickiness begin to run down my inner thigh. He eased back and I knew what was coming. He opened up my legs with his knee spreading me wide and then that hard thickness slid into me like a hot knife melting butter. I love the way Cain growl's as he makes love; it's like being ridden by some wild animal. But tonight was different, there wasn't just him. Bowdy had, as I was being primed, moved his way round in front of me; kneeling before me watching Cain's ministrations. Finally as Cain took me he knelt up, his groin coming level with my face. The sight of his long, sleek erection proudly standing in front of me surrounded by a light fluff of auburn hair was more than I could bear. Lifting a hand I gently wrapped my fingers around it and began a slow and deliberate massage. Bow moaned and shifted closer until it was almost pressed against my face. As I stroked I let the tip of my tongue flick across the end and he yelped and grabbed at my blonde hair, pulling me forward.

The feel of that ivory rod sliding over my tongue has to be one of the most incredible pleasures in life. Bow has a sweetness about him, an almost honey taste that makes you want to lick your lips. I was full of them both, my whole body filled with total male perfection. I wanted nothing more than to be theirs to play with; to let them have their way with me. As Cain's speed increased I sucked deeper on Bowdy, both men now vocalising their pleasure as they rapidly came to their peaks. As Cain's thrusts became shallow pumps I let my fingers play over Bowdy's balls. The sensation of my fingers pushed him over the edge and he yelled out as the bolt of hot salty juice shot into the back of my throat causing me to tighten my muscles. The pressure in Cain's swollen member forced him to release with a deep guttural yowl as he filled me with his heat. 

I swallowed hard and let Bow's creaminess flow down my throat as the two slowly removed themselves from me. I don't know what is was that made Cain roll me over so harshly, he had always been aggressive, but I think the thought of Bowdy's cock in my mouth was driving him crazy. His big hands wrapped around me and pushed me over onto my back and his head was between my legs in moments. I felt his tongue drive into me instantly and I tried to writhe but he held me firm. I lay there, my legs parted, pinned to the cushions by this huge weight as he licked the stickiness of his own pleasure from my depths. Then in one almost nimble movement he swarmed up my body and drove his mouth into mine. The taste, his taste – noticeably different to Bow's – filled my mouth along with the muskiness of my own juices. Hungrily he kissed me, holding down my arms on either side as I drank our combine essence. When he had taken what he needed he rolled off me breathless; the beast was satiated, at least for the time being.

I felt Bowdy move and come to lay on my opposite side, his need to caress me plain on his face. He gently stroked my body, running his fingers over my breasts and belly. Momentarily Cain joined him on the other side, both letting their fingers delicately trail over me. I couldn't help but lay there and let them touch me. There is nothing more wonderful than to be touched, especially by two such attentive lovers who can be demanding one minute and so gentle the next. What more could I ask for?

But more was to come. It was Bowdy this time that made the first move, letting one of his hands roam almost un-noticed from my body to Cain's; smoothly running up his chest and circling a dark nipple. I actually heard Cain purr as Bow stroked him that first time, a quiet almost imperceptible sound, but non-the-less an _expression of his desire. Bowdy's fascination for Cain was growing by the minute and I could tell how desperate he was to get his hands back onto the big man. I slowly pulled my legs up and slid from between the two to sit up on my knees and watch them. Bowdy scooted forward closing the gap between them and allowing himself to press his torso against the older man's. Bowdy's 'Gigolo' charms clearly excited Cain as much as they did most women, and the model's delicate features and clearly masculine body brought out a whole new side in the 'testosterone-laden' bodyguard, the likes of which I had never seen in him before. The two touched and stroked and kissed each other for some time; finding and feeling the pleasure a male hand could bring to each others bodies. 
