 Anne had always fancied John since he had started working at her company about a year ago, but had always admired him from afar. There were rumors that he was married, but by the way he had behaved at last years Xmas party, she didn’t think so.

Also, everyone was allowed to bring their partners and he had come on his own. After the party she felt that he was a big flirt, but it still didn’t stop her fancying him, her and half the female staff in the Office. What wasn’t there to fancy? He was tall, blond, out going, always joking, everything that a woman liked in a man, maybe a bit too good to be true. Anne knew that he would never ask her out, there were so many other women in the Office, any man was spoilt for choice.

Alright, sometimes at lunch he would come and sit with her, but they only talked about work and stuff like that. A couple of times she had thought about asking him out herself, but she had been brought up to believe that it was a man’s place to ask the woman, not the other way around. A couple of the women had said that they thought they had seen him in town with a tall black woman, but she hadn’t, so until she saw him with a woman she could dream.

Then, it happened….. She was sitting at the lunch table when he came and sat with her. They talked, and then he dropped the bombshell, asking her if she would fancy going for a drink with him the following evening. As it was a Saturday the following day, she saw no harm in it so agreed to go for a drink with him.

For the rest of the day she was on cloud nine, the man of her dreams had asked her for a drink. She was on tenterhooks all the next day thinking that he would not turn up to pick her up. At 7pm on the dot he was at her door, they went to the local wine bar, and she against her better judgement had quite a bit to drink, she wasn’t drunk just nicely tipsy and laid back.

John was the gentleman, while he kissed her a few times and put his hands on her breasts, he did not go any further, although she would have liked him to drag her down a back alley and ravish her.

When he asked if she would like to go back to his place she nearly wet herself. She had been hoping against hope that he would ask her back to his place, but didn’t think he would so when he did she was lost for words for a moment. Then, she said that she would love to. She had a little trouble standing, being a little unsteady on her feet, so he put his arm around her and they left the Bar arm in arm. She leaned into him as they walked, sniffing deep on his aftershave, and thinking that if she wasn’t tipsy, she would be going home.

She leaned against the wall while he opened the door, and let her into a warm hall, taking her coat, he hung it up, and said that she should go into the living room, and that Marissa would get her a drink.

She was a little confused as she walked into the Living room, then blushed as she saw a black woman sitting on the sofa. The woman smiled at her and said hi, and that she was John’s wife. Anne sat down a little confused, as Marissa asked her what she wanted to drink. She could not understand how John could take out another woman, then bring her home to flaunt her in front of his wife. If she was his wife, she wouldn’t let him take out another woman.

Marissa seemed unperturbed by the fact that her husband had brought home another woman. When he came into the living room, he had changed into a bathrobe, and instead of sitting with his wife, he came and sat on the sofa next to Anne. This surprised her, but didn’t shock her, John and Marissa seemed to be unlike any other couple Anne had ever met. None of her other friends would have been so calm about their husband taking out another woman.

John put his arm almost absently around Anne’s shoulder as the three of them chatted, and she felt his hand touching her breasts again. Anne blushed, more in embarrassment for Marissa, than for herself. However Marissa did not seem to be bother.

Anne looked towards Marissa and noticed that she was sitting with her legs up, she realised that Marissa had no panties on, and she could see that the inner lips were pale and pink. She blushed even redder as she realised that both Marissa and John were looking at her. She averted her eyes, embarrassed that she was looking at another woman’s pussy and that she was even a little aroused by the sight. She knew that it was the drink, it was going to her head and she was not behaving as she normally would.

John said that she shouldn’t be embarrassed, and that his wife was a very beautiful woman. Anne asked him, if he thought that then why did he take her out, and flirt with other women. He said that it was because she was very beautiful, and a very special woman that he did it. Anne didn’t understand what he was saying. Marissa poured her another drink and came over to her with it. She tripped, and spilt the drink down the front of Anne’s dress. Apologising, she said that Anne should take the dress off, and she would put it in the washing machine for her.

By this time Anne wasn’t thinking straight, so she stood up and took off the dress, as Marissa took it off her she brushed her hands against Anne’s breast, and Anne felt a thrill shot through her, it felt so good when Marissa touched her breasts, so different from when a man touched it.

While Marissa went to the kitchen, John began to kiss and lick Anne’s bare breasts, Anne was too tipsy now to care what happened. So she just sat there enjoying it, as his fingers found her pussy and began to massage it. She was laying back on the sofa enjoying it, when she suddenly felt another set of fingers rubbing her pussy, it felt different though, more gentle and feminine. She knew that it was Marissa touching her pussy, and she no longer cared, it was turning her on so much.

Then, she felt Marissa’s tongue licking at her pussy, it felt so good, not the same as a man at all. Marissa lapped and sucked at her pussy as John worked on her breasts, they were both paying her body more attention than it had received in ages and she was enjoying it. Somewhere in her befuddled mind was the thought that she had never had her pussy tasted by a woman before, but it didn’t mean that she wasn’t enjoying it. In fact she was almost in ecstasy, she was loving it.

Marissa looked up from Anne’s pussy, telling John, that it was so tasty, and that he should taste it as well, so he moved so that he was also licking her pussy, Anne was so wet, the juices were flowing from her in floods as Marissa and John both licked at her pussy, she could feel the difference between the two of them, as they worked on her.

Anne heard John say that Anne should be able to taste something, so Marissa turned around so that her pussy was presented to Anne’s face, Anne looked at it glistening in the light, the darkness surrounding it, and the pink inner lips looking so inviting. She was unsure at first, but then tentatively licked at Marissa’s pussy. After getting a taste she needed no coaxing as she began to lick and suck at Marissa’s juices, tasting the sweet taste of another woman’s juices. As she sucked and licked, she was getting more turned on herself, Cumming in floods into John, and Marissa’s mouth as Marissa came into hers.

After a while as Anne carried on sucking and licking at Marissa’s pussy, Marissa kept her fingers deep inside Anne, and sucked on John’s cock. About 10 minutes later, they went into the bedroom ,and while Marissa licked Anne’s pussy, Anne took her turn at sucking John’s cock. When he was hard, he said that he wanted to fuck Anne. So while John was fucking Anne, Anne was sucking on Marissa’s pussy, and Marissa was licking Anne’s clit. Then, they swapped and while John fucked Marissa, Anne sucked on her clit.

After a long session they all fell asleep in the bed. In the morning Anne felt a little embarrassed but Marissa told her that she had no need to be, and that John often brought other women home for her, but this was the first time that she had really enjoyed the experience, and that Anne was welcome to return anytime.