 "Excellent!" Damien said, standing up. He turned around, offering a hand to Casey. She stared at it like it was a foreign object. Finally, Eric pushed gently against her back, forcing her forward so that she had to grab Damien's hand to keep her balance and stand up.

This was it. The point of no return. Like a sleepwalker, Casey let Damien lead her by her hand out of the room, with Eric following close behind. Down the hall they went, where the light seemed to grow dimmer and dimmer. Finally Casey saw a soft glow coming from a doorway to the right, like candlelight. Damien stopped just before the doorway, and turned around to face Casey. He held her one hand in both of his, smiling down on her, then looked up and nodded to Eric, who still stood behind Casey.

Casey gasped as Eric's arms wrapped around in front of her, and she saw that he held a blindfold in his hands. She fought against him as he tried to place it over her eyes, but Damien said firmly, "Trust me, Casey."

"Yes, Casey, trust us," Eric said. His voice was so gentle, so soothing, that Casey reluctantly lowered her hands. Eric placed the cloth over her eyes, and Casey could see nothing. He then tied it so that she could be comfortable, but tight enough that it would not easily go free.

Then Casey felt Damien's hand grab hers once more, as he slowly led her forward. He led her several steps, then stopped, and let go of her hand. She felt Eric's hands hold on securely to her shoulders, which comforted her a little. With his touch, she didn't feel so lost in this empty space.

Damien's voice gave out a command. "Saundra, leave us." Casey hadn't realized that she was in the room. There was a tense pause, and Casey could just imagine the pouty look on Saundra's face. But moments later, she heard the door close, and Saundra's footsteps faded down the hallway.

Casey exhaled a deep, trembling breath. She considered making the joke, "So, are we playing pin the tail on the donkey?" But she remained silent, and stood very still. Eric still stood behind her, but she could hear Damien shuffling around the room.

At last, she felt Damient take her hands, and Eric let her go as Damien led Casey forward. Then they stopped, and Damien began to pull on the lapels of her jacket. She felt herself shakinjg as he removed the jacket from her shoulders, exposing her shoulders and arms as she was now down to her short, strapless dress. Damien moved behind her, slowly, and she could hear his steady breathing. He placed his hands on her shoulders, and slowly turned her around. Then Casey tensed, as Damien held onto her waist, and picked her up. She didn't go far, however, as he set her down at the edge of a tall bench. 

The feel of the bench beneath her reminded Casey of the physical tables in doctors' offices, only without the annoying sheet of paper over top of it. Her hands clenched the sides, and her palms became sweaty. She felt Damien's hand on her cheek, and then he said, "Lie down."

Casey swallowed hard, slowly leaning back, until her head touched the padding of the bench. It felt cold, and with the sweat coming from her body it caused her to shudder. She felt a hand on her stomach, then she felt soft lips kiss her forehead. Damien's voice whispered, "Trust us, Casey. I swear we won't hurt you. Just relax. You must give up all of your control."

He took her hands and lifted her arms above her head. A second pair of hands, Eric's hands, grabbed onto Casey's wrists. Casey gasped, as she felt cold metal wrap around her wrists, and lock into place. Immediately she pulled against the chains, but they were securely held, no matter how she struggled. "Shh," Eric said. "It's okay, Casey. Remember, we won't hurt you."

"It's the darker side, Casey," Damien spoke. "It's scary at first, I know, but believe me, it can be the most beautiful experience of your life." He touched his hand to her face, then Casey felt his lips on hers. She resisted at first, but eventually his mouth coaxed hers, and she returned the kiss. When his tongue invaded her mouth, Casey moaned against her will.

When he took his lips away, Casey almost cried out in protest. Then she was being kissed agin, but these lips were different. It was Eric. He was less gently than Damien had been, he kissed her hungrily, like a wolf. He ran his fingers through her hair, and Casey felt herself arching her back, as her body ached for a more intimate touch.

Finally Eric moved his head away, and Casey waited for several minutes with nothing happening. Then she felt something cold and hard against her cheek, a smooth piece of metal.

"Do you know what this is, Casey?" Damien asked.

She shook her head

"This is a knife, Casey. Don't be afraid," he said, as she flinched in fear, "I'm not going to hurt you with it."

Casey's breath quickened, almost to the point of hyperventilation. She was filled with terror know, her mind flooded with questions. What was he going to do with a knife? She didn't like this at all. Maybe they would kill her. Maybe they were sicker than she thought. Maybe they got off on murdering unsuspecting women.

"Hold very still," Damien instructed, and Casey sucked in her breath, tears coming to her eyes.

She felt him using the knife, but not on her skin. He was cutting away her dress. He started at the top, in the middle of her breasts, then continued downward. When the dress was cut down just below her waist, Damien used both of his hands to rip the remainder of the dress in two. Now Casey lay in only her strapless bra and panties. Her heart was beating rapidly.

A hand reached up to wipe away the few tears on her cheeks. Then it rested on her forehead, and she heard Eric whisper in her ear, "This part is almost over. Relax."

Casey cried out when she felt the knife touch her bare skin, as Damien slipped it underneath her bra. Then with one swift movement, he had sliced the bra down the middle, exposing her bare breasts. Casey inhaled sharply. Eric was stroking her hair, gently urging her to be calm. For several moments he comforted her, until at last Casey's breathing slowed down to a normal rate.

Then she felt Damien's hands pulling down her panties, as he slipped them over her hips, down her legs, and finally off her body. Casey was now naked, and feeling more vulnerable than she ever had in her entire life.

"You are exquisite," she heard Damien speak in awe. Her body flushed as she felt both men's eyes heatedly upon her. After those long, agonizing minutes, she felt Damien's goateed face rub against her cheek, like a kitten rubbing up against its owner. Then he kissed her, harder than he had before, and Casey groaned in reluctant pleasure.

She was shaking, so frightened. She didn't know what to expect, what was going to happen to her. For a moment, Damien lifted his lips from hers, and with barely a whisper of breath she pleaded to him, "Please, let me go."

"Shh," Damien replied, placing a finger to her lips. Then he replaced it once more with his mouth, expertly sliding his tongue inside, and Casey whimpered. Then she gasped into his mouth when she felt a hand on her right breast, massaging it, like it was a lump of soft dough. Fingers pinched her nipple, standing it upright, and Casey felt goosebumps trail up her arms and legs.

Then, even as Damien continued kissing her, she felt a pair of wet, round lips circle her nipple. What could only be Eric's mouth moistened the tip of her breast with his tongue, then sucked hard on the mound. Casey's startled cry was muffled by Damien's mouth.

Finally, Eric removed himself from her right breast, and almost a second later, Damien ended his kiss. Casey found herself panting for breath, and managed to exhale one desperate word: "Please." What did she mean? Even she didn't know. She wanted this to stop, but her body seemed to wriggling out of control, separate from herself, as though begging for more.

She didn't have much more pause for thought, because now she felt Eric's clean-shaven face against hers, kissing her lips in that searching, hungry way. And now Damien had her left breast in his mouth, suckling it like a baby suckled its mother's tit. Casey whimpered, which turned into a loud moan as a hand reached down to cup her between her legs, and a finger rubbed her clitoris. Her heart fluttered so furiously that she felt it would burst out of her chest to get free.

Two fingers slid inside of her, as Eric's tongue plunged into Casey's mouth. Still Damien's tongue was swirling over her left nipple, and now she felt another hand once again massaging the opposite breast, tweaking the nipple, making it hard as a diamond. Casey's body was going crazy, slithering, jerking every which way. It was all too much- she couldn't take any more of this ecstacy! Her arms pulled hard against the chains, making them rattle, but of course it was no use.

Then all at once, it stopped. Their mouths moved away, their hands pulled off of her. Casey was gasping for breath, as exhausted tears once again began streaming down her cheeks. But she was silent besides- she didn't cry for help, she did plead for them to stop. She merely laid there, catching her breath. Until at last, she felt hot breath against her ear, and Damien's voice whispered, "That was just a taste, Casey. Now I'll leave it up to you. Do you want more? Or have you had enough of the darker side?"


Enough, her mind screamed. But then another voice spoke inside her head. If Casey quit now, he would win. He woud prove that she was nothing but a naive, scared little girl. That she was weak. She would be humiliated.

Casey couldn't let that happen. No matter what they had in store for her. She just couldn't.

"No," she said, her tone completely even, deceptive to what she was truly feeling. "I trust you. Give me more."

She could just imagine the pleased smile on Damien's face. "Excellent," he said softly. There was a brief silence. Casey thought she heard shuffling, and she realized that the two of them were removing clothing. How much, she had no idea. Finally, she felt a hand caress her face, and recognized Damien's lips kissing her forehead.

"Sweet Casey," he whispered. "I'm so pleased by your progress."

Now Casey felt a hand on her head, as the blindfold was lifted from her eyes. She blinked several times, adjusted her vision to the dimly lit room. From her position, she could see that the room was nearly completely empty, for the exception of candles all over the room, and the table on which she was laid. Eric and Damien hovered over her, staring, and now she could see that they were, in fact, completely nude.

She couldn't help but stare at them. Both were very impressive. Damien chuckled, stating, "Well, we've seen you, I thought it only right that you should see us." He leaned over her, pausing for a moment to stare into her eyes. Then he kissed her, gently. Trailing his tongue to her earlobe, he whispered, "Casey, you've trusted us thus far. Now we shall truly make it worth your while."

Doubt now flooded Casey's mind, as she opened her mouth to say that she'd changed her mind, she wanted to go home now, enough was enough.

But instead, out of her mouth came a strangled gasp, as Eric's tongue swiped out to touch her clit. He delved it deep inside, and Casey couldn't help but arch her back and head, crying out with ecstasy. Eric's fingers spread her open for better access. When Damien leaned down to take her mouth with his, she returned his kiss with fervant urgency and hunger. She let her own tongue dance with his, and moaned as Eric's mouth expertly devoured her cunt.

Damien moved his kisses down her neck, leaving a wet trail with his tongue, then took a nipple between his lilps. He nibbled it with his teeth, then sucked it hard, as Casey cried out from her orgasm, and Eric nearly sucked her vaginal juices dry.

"God!" Casey gasped, and Damien laughed. Eric moved up from between her legs, place kisses on her stomach. He, too, was smiling.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," he told her, leaning forward to kiss her lips. Casey kissed him back hungrily, tasting herself on his mouth.

"It's not over yet," Damien stated, trailing a finger down Casey's cheek. He smiled at her warmly, and Casey could only stare at him through hazy eyes. He moved away from her side, and now her view of him was blocked by Eric. Gazing down on her, Eric took both of her breasts in his hands, squeezing them together, and rubbed his face between them, groaning. He suckled and licked one breast, then the other, squeezing them in his hands like ripe fruit.

Casey had her eyes closed, moaning at Eric's touch. When a pair of hands grasped her hips, she barely even noticed. But she did notice when Damien plunged himself deep into her, hard, to the very hilt. She cried out in surprise and pleasure, but Damien did not stop. He slammed his cock into her hard and fast, even as Eric continued to tweak and suckle her nipples.

Damien began to breath heavily, and Casey watched him as he threw back his head and closed his eyes, sweat beading on his forehead. She began panting, crying out with his every thrust, and even Damien began grunting like a wild animal as he plunged into her. Then Eric lifted his head from her breasts, and kissed her hard.

At last, Eric took her breast into his mouth once more, and Damien began thrusting with all his might, Casey screamed her release, a scream that echoed off the walls. Damien joined her seconds later, letting out a war cry like a warrior who has just conquered his first prey.

At last, Damien slowed to a stop, and Eric lifted his head from her breast. Casey was exhausted, panting to catch her breath. Her entire body was still trembling from the ordeal. She felt Eric's hand gently stroke her face, as Damien slid out of her and walked around to the other side of the table. Casey looked up at him through fluttering eyelids, to see him smiling warmly down upon her.

"My dear, sweet Casey," he said, leaning down to place a kiss on her mouth. "You were wonderful. I'm so very pleased that you did so well."

Even as he spoke, Eric was releasing Casey from the chains that bound her. She didn't sit up right away, but she did move her arms down to rest at her sides.

"How do you feel, Casey?" Damien asked her.

Dazed, Casey stared up at the ceiling. Then she laughed, releasing all of the tension that was left inside her.

"I feel incredible," she sincerely stated. "Damien, I don't know how to thank you."

"Shh," Damien said, reaching out to gently stroke her cheek. "When a teacher touches their student in a way that changes their life, that is thanks enough."

THE END