 My wife and I have been married for about 4 years. Things were still good sexually between us, but with work and kids and life sometimes it was hard to find the time to make the sparks fly in the bedroom like we used to. 

We had been trying to find different ways to spice up our love life. My wife is 5' 2", very curvy and has wavy shoulder length auburn hair. I'm 6'2", athletically built with a 7" cock. Neither of us are supermodels, but we're not ugly by any means. 

We had experimented with threesomes several times over the last year. Some were kind of fun, others were a disaster largely due to the inexperience of our guest. Despite the bad times, we still kept trying because of the fun times that we had. 

A few of our friends were swingers and often had swinger parties. They would invite us over to party with them, but we would always turn them down. Although my wife and I sometimes invited strangers to play with us in the bedroom this wasn't a behavior that we wanted to broadcast. We both had to be discreet for our jobs. 

One weekend our friends invited us to a barbecue. They kept on us about coming as it had been a while since we had seen them last. Eventually we relented and decided to go. But, we had no idea what we were getting ourselves into. 

We arrived at the party at around 7pm expecting to find a handful of close friends and a quiet barbecue. The scene that greeted us was quite different. Our friends met us at the door and we exchanged a quick hug and they invited us inside. Within moments we both had drinks thrust into our hands and began to make our way to the back yard. The smell of the barbecue wafted through the house. As we got outside we made idle chit-chat with the other party goers and before long we were eating. 

Halfway through dinner we realized that there were about 10 couples there, but no single people. Only one of those other couples we knew and it dawned on us that they were the other swingers. We told ourselves that it was just a barbecue and not one of those parties. 

After about an hour dinner was done and much more alcohol was consumed when our friend loudly asked if we were all up for a little adult fun. All of the other party guests immediately agreed and our friend looked at us. Feeling somewhat adventurous I asked what kind of fun he meant. 

"It's a dark room party". Not being familiar with that concept I asked him to explain. "There's two rooms on opposing walls, one for the men and one for the women. Everyone strips down and then the lights go off and the doors open. Everyone makes their way into a completely dark adjoining room that's carpeted but otherwise devoid of furniture. The only rule of the dark room is that whatever you touch you have to fuck." 

I'm not going to lie, I was intrigued. "Let me talk to Rachel first." We both got up and moved into an adjoining hallway and began a hushed conversation. "Well, what do you think?" I asked her tentatively. 

"I don't know, James. I don't think that I'm ready to swap or swing yet." She was saying no, but I could see in her eyes that she was thinking about it. 

Suddenly I had an idea. "Well, we don't have to swap or swing..." She looked at me with a puzzled expression. "It's a dark room right? They won't know that we didn't swap." I gave it a moment to sink. "Besides, I know how much it turns you on to have sex in front of other people. You're quite the exhibitionist." 

"I am not!" she objected playfully. 

"Oh? What about that time in the car when you were giving me head? Or that time I fucked you on the patio of our first floor apartment? Or all those times I fucked you in the spa at the apartment? Or.."

"Okay, okay!" she pushed me teasingly. "You got me. " Her mouth twitched like it does whenever she's thinking about something. "It might be fun, but how will we find each other inside?"

I smiled. "That's the easiest part. We'll just run our hands along the wall and go to the left. We'll run right into each other." 

She thought it about it again for a few minutes before finally relenting. She leaned in close and nibbled my ear playfully before whispering "I'm going to fuck you silly!" She stood up straight and walked back into the living room and announced that we were in. 

The group separated and divided by gender. Rachel blew me a kiss as she disappeared down the hall with the rest of the women. I followed the men down another hallway and we walked into a fairly small room with benches that faced each other and shelves running near the ceiling. The door was closed and the other guys started stripping down and folding their clothes and placing them onto the shelves. I shrugged and followed suit remembering the expression about doing what the Romans do. 

After a few moments I noticed a pink light bulb flick on. Our host explained that it was signaling that the girls were ready. The last of the guys finished stripping and our host flipped a switch on the wall, which signaled a similar light in their room. The lights in the room suddenly flicked off and the other door creaked open. "Have fun boys!" our friend said and we all shuffled our way out into the pitch black room beyond. 

I fumbled around until I found the wall with my left hand. I put my right hand out in front of me and shuffled along the wall trying desperately to see what was in front of me. I ran into the other wall with a thud and quickly turned and started along that one. I had no idea how long the room was, but it had to be a decent size. The darkness made all my senses go haywire. I could hear everything in the room perfectly and it felt like I was in there for hours although it couldn't have been more than a few minutes. 

Suddenly I felt a body in front of me with my right hand. Soft skin. I ventured out with both hands and rubbed all over. Firm breasts, slender build. I wasn't sure who I'd found, but it wasn't Rachel. She stepped forward and kissed me deep for a moment before smothering my neck with kisses. I wanted to protest, but it felt good. She kissed her way down my chest and fell to her knees taking my hard cock deep into her throat. Any thought of protest I had vanished. I stifled a moan and she gently ran her nails along the back of my thighs and she deep-throated my hard cock. 

She pulled my cock out of her mouth and pulled my arm as she lay down on the floor. I knelt down and went to down smothering her pussy with my lips and flicking my tongue over her clit in the way I know that Rachel likes. I figured maybe this woman would like it too. True to form in a few moments she was writhing in orgasm squirting her juices all over me. She pulled my shoulders up and I knew what she wanted. 

I scooted forward on my knees until my cock was rubbing her wet pussy. I lined up and thrust hard deep into her cunt in one thrust. She gasped and grabbed my arms. She pulled me down to her and kissed me. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders holding her close as I kissed her neck. I began to flex my abs and pull her onto my hard cock by her shoulders. 

After a few moments of this she was moaning and screaming out loud. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and tried to ride me for all she was worth. And then something totally unexpected happened. A hand brushed my ass. At first I brushed it off as nothing. But then it was back, delicate fingers tracing gently over my glutes. I stopped, frozen in panic. This wasn't planned. The mystery woman began kissing my neck again. She reached down and grabbed my ass pulling me into her, clearly wanting more. 

I gave in and resumed thrusting, albeit more slowly and more deeply this time. The hand trailing along my ass became two hands working both of my ass cheeks. I could feel someone back there moving around. Suddenly kisses were being laid all over my ass. I wasn't sure what to do so I kept fucking the woman before me. Then, without warning my ass cheeks were parted and a tongue began to lick my ass. I moaned involuntarily. What the hell was happening? Rachel and I had never done this before; this was totally new territory for me. The feeling was indescribable and, in truth, pretty good. I gave in and let the tongue explore my backside while I fucked this sexy stranger. She seemed to be really enjoying this. 

The tongue stopped and for a moment I was disappointed. Then more shuffling behind me. The hands caressed my back for a moment before returning to my ass. The person behind me inched closer and rubbed me some more. Then, my ass parted and a finger circled my rosebud sending chills up my spine. Suddenly, something I never expected happened; a firm hand grabbed the back of neck and pulled me back while the other hand was guiding his rock hard cock into my ass! 

What the fuck? I certainly didn't sign up for this! A thousand thoughts ran through my head. I have a cock in my ass. I just let a guy a lick my asshole. I'm not gay! The woman seemed to enjoy me getting my ass licked. I enjoyed getting my ass licked. I'm not gay! I have a cock in my ass. ...I like having a cock in my ass.....but I'm not gay! 

The mystery intruder sat perfectly still for a moment. The woman seemed to understand what was happening. I had froze completely, but she was kissing me all over. My ass relaxed and the cock felt kind of good. She seemed to sense that I was relaxing and moved her hands to my ass, encouraging me to keep fucking her. I tried, slowly, but every time I pushed into her tight cunt the cock in my ass moved out a little, and when I moved out of her cunt, the cock in my ass moved in. After a few minutes of awkward fucking I no longer cared and my ass had grown used to this intruder. 

The mystery man leaned forward and grabbed the woman's hips. He began thrusting hard, pulling her into me and me into him. He was fucking us both like an animal. He thrust faster and faster, then he stopped and his cock erupted hot cum deep into my ass. Much to my surprise he was still hard and didn't pull out. 

The woman slid out from underneath me and got onto her hands and knees and backed up to me. I scooted forward to mount her and the mystery man followed. I mounted her from behind taking her doggy style and began going to town on her cunt once more. 

Whoever she was screaming like a banshee now, but I was far beyond caring. After a few moments the woman made a strange noise. Then she did it again and her screaming was muffled. The same noise kept repeating over and over and I knew that someone else was ramming their cock into her tight mouth, choking her on his length. Even though I couldn't see it, the thought turned me on. 

This went on for a few minutes until suddenly the woman was pulled forcibly from me. She gasped and then a moment later I could her grunting. I knew that the man in her mouth had switched to her pussy and was pounding her. It then dawned on me that I still had a mystery guy pounding my ass with my hard cock. "This is so weird" I muttered. The woman must have heard it. She stopped grunting and rustled around. She got on her back and shimmied forward so that she could suck my cock. Her mystery man began fucking her pussy again. She moaned around my cock. It was all too much and I came down her throat. She took it all and kept sucking. Finally she crawled out from underneath me totally spent. 

A few moments later a pair of hands was running fingers through my hair. Immediately after that a cock was shoved into my mouth. It was only semi-erect, but it was covered with pussy juice. I knew that this was the man who had just fucked the mystery woman and that excited me. I let me my animal cravings take over and sucked the cock in my mouth for all I was worth. The man in my mouth grabbed my head and held me in place while he came down my throat just as the man in my ass blew his load deep into my bowels. 

After that the evening was a little blurry. Apparently we all made our way back to the rooms and redressed and made our way out to the living room. Rachel and I felt very awkward afterward so we graciously bowed out. "Have a good night guys! Thanks for coming out. Hopefully we'll see you again?" 

"We'll see" was all I managed to say. 

"Okay, well I'm going to run back inside, we're about to watch the video. I'll let you know when we do this again. I really hope you come." With that our friend rushed inside.

Rachel and I drove home in silence. She didn't speak to me at all but just lead me upstairs. Once in the bedroom she asked me "what happened in that room?" 

I was confused. "What do you mean? You weren't there... where were you?"

"No, I wasn't." She paused for a long moment. "Shortly after going in I was waylaid by two women and we had a lesbian tryst. Then, some guys came over and fucked us raw, but I knew that it wasn't you." 

My mind was reeling. I knew that she would likely have been fucked by some random stranger just as I had. "How did this happen? Which way did you go?" 

"I went left, like you said." 

My stomach sank as the realization set in. "I also went left....we went in opposite directions." 

That night was the one of the most amazing nights of sex that we ever had as we related the tales of our adventures to each other. We dozed off to sleep. At around 3am Rachel jolted upright in bed and grabbed my arm. "James, did he say that they were going to watch the video??" 

The end?