 I was awakened by the door bell and I groggily got up and went down stairs and opened the front door. It was a very attractive black lady dressed in a blue skirt and a silver silky blouse and black heels. She asked if Jane was home and I told her no, she was out of town and would not be back until tonight. She said, is Jen home, and I said no she was out shopping. She said, well her name was Jovon and she was Jessie's mother. My heart jumped into the sky and I immediately thought that she was here to tell Jane I had been fucking her daughters. 

I asked her to come on inside where it was cool and have a seat. I was relieved when she said that plans had changed and she wanted to discuss with Jane that Jessie was going to go to Florida with the girls after all. I told her that Jen would really like that because she liked Jessie and she had just visited the night before and I also thought highly of her. 

I asked her what had changed and she started crying. I didn't know what to say but I knew that sad women really liked a hug and to be comforted so I went over to the couch and sat next to her and took her hand and asked what was wrong. She sobbed some more and then leaned over on my shoulder and said that she and her husband had been fighting and she didn't want Jessie to be around to see what was going on. I put my arm around her and told her that I was so sorry. I said, you know those men can be such bastards sometimes and she kind of let out a little laugh. 

She said she really needed someone to talk to and she thought she could confide in Jane. I asked her if she would like a stiff drink and she said yes that would help. I told her I would bring it out to her or she could come into the kitchen with me if she wanted to. She said she would go with me that she didn't want to be alone. I took her by the hand and helped her up and she followed me into the kitchen where I made us a stiff bourbon and coke. She took several drinks real fast and said thanks, that was good. She asked if she could talk to me and I told her that I would be happy to listen to her and help any way I could. 

I asked her if she would like to have a cigarette and she said that she didn't smoke but that may help. I said I had some but we would have to go out to the laundry room and open the back door because Jane didn't want any smoke in her house. She said that was fine with her and we went to the laundry room and placed our drinks on the washing machine. I lit her a cigarette and handed it to her and she took several puffs. She handed it back to me and said; here you can have some of it. I took several puffs and then we took another drink. We were leaning against the washing machine and had the door open where the deck and back yard were visible but very private as there were no other houses back there. 

She said she had better tell me what was going on before she got too drunk to talk and I laughed. I told her she could tell me anything. She said, well my husband told me he had a girlfriend but it was nothing serious and just a sex thing and he didn't want a divorce. He told me I would understand if I had someone to make love to. He said it was just exciting and it didn't mean that he didn't love me. I touched her arm and put the cigarette to her lips and she took a drag. She took another sip of her drink finishing it off and I offered her another one. She said yes she wanted one, that she was feeling good. I told her to sit up on top of the washing machine and rest her legs and I would be right back. 

I came back and noticed she had pulled her skirt up to facilitate getting up on the machine and her legs were showing. They were pretty and long and slender. I told her that she had pretty legs and she said thank you, you are so nice to me. I kind of stood in front of her between her legs and told her that maybe she should go home tonight and tell him that you had been seeing someone and it might make him jealous and see what it felt like. She was feeling her drink and said, hell, if I am going to be accused of fucking somebody else, I might as well really fuck someone. I asked her if she had ever done that and she said, no, she had been faithful but she wasn't going to be anymore. 

I took another drag off the cigarette and placed it against her lips and she took a drag and then held my hand and kissed it. I placed my left hand on her leg and gave her a little squeeze. She responded by wrapping her legs around me and pulling me up close and asked me if I would be offended if she kissed me. I said, no, I think I would really like that. I told her I thought she was very pretty and any man would want to kiss her. Our lips met and hers were so thick and soft. She stopped for a second and said, damn that was good. She went right back to kissing me and I placed both hands on her legs and started rubbing them. 

She opened up a little wider and let me closer. She continued to kiss me and we sucked on each other's tongues and she took my hand and pulled it up to her panties and told me to rub her. I rubbed her through her panties and I could feel the juice wetting them. She pulled them aside with one hand and asked me if that was any better? I said yes that's good. I said, you are so wet. She said yes, and I am so horny. 

She asked, are you sure no one can see us? I told her no; Jane and I made love out here all the time so we could smoke. She said, give me another one and she took another drink as I lit up one. I was putting my fingers in her pussy and rubbing her clit and she reached down and started unbuttoning her blouse. She had on a silver bra and it hooked from the front and she unhooked it and out popped her tits. They were nice tits and I loved looking at them. She took my head with her hands and pulled me up to one and I started sucking on her nipple. 

She moaned in pleasure and kissed my forehead. I pulled my fingers out and placed them in my mouth and told her I wanted to taste her pussy. Then I held them up to her mouth and gave her a taste and we kissed again to share the juice. I told her I sure would like to eat her pussy and she slid down to the edge so I could reach it and she guided my head between her legs. I licked her and eat her and she started pulling on her own nipples. I stopped for a second and told her she really tasted good. I told her I had never had a black pussy before (I lied). She said she had never tasted of a white dick before and told me to trade places in about an hour and we both laughed.

We swapped places and I pulled my pants and shirt off before I got up on the washer. She took off the rest of her clothes and we were naked together. She bent over and took my dick in her mouth and licked all around it. She said she wanted it bad and she was going to suck it dry. I told her I loved it but to save some for her sweet tasting pussy. She got me hard as a brick and pulled me down to the floor on top of her. I spread her legs apart and licked her pussy to get it wet. My dick found her hole and she was helping to guide it with her hands. I began to fuck her hole and she pulled me down and was kissing me and sucking on my tongue. She began whimpering and whispered for me to fuck her harder. Then she became more vocal and started hollering that she wanted her black pussy fucked with that white dick. 

I like to fuck slow and savor the feeling but she seemed to want it right now. She was extremely horny and met every stroke of my dick with a thrust of her ass. She reached back and rammed her finger in my ass and again said, come on baby, fuck my pussy. She said; give this woman some white dick and some white cum. I told her she was about to get it in her pussy and she said, stop! I want it in my ass. She flipped over on her hands and knees and stuck her ass in the air for me to fuck. 

I spit on her hole and rubbed my dick all over it and pushed inward. It popped in and she started fucking me immediately with her ass. She said, oh yes, fuck my ass honey. I fucked as hard as I could go to keep up with her thrusts and I started spanking her butt. She liked that and said, harder baby, harder. She asked me if that made me want to come and I said yes and I was about to. She hollered again, OK stop, I want it in my mouth. 

She turned over and slid her body beneath me and placed her face just below my dick and grabbed it. She put it in her mouth and was sucking me like a vacuum cleaner and stoking me with both hands at the same time. She mumbled with a mouthful, come on baby I want your hot cum in my mouth. My dick started pulsating and she held it as hard as she could with her hands but a squirt of cum went into her mouth and she licked it off her lips and smiled at me. Then she released her hands and started pounding my meat again and the rest of my sperm shot all over her face. She went back to sucking and waited for more to come out and swallowed all of it. 

She smiled with the white cum all over her dark skinned face and said, damn, I liked that. I said yes it was fantastic and she sure did know how to fuck. She said, no, we know how to fuck. She said she had never done all that before but I just made her want to do wild and crazy things. I wet her a wash rag and as I started cleaning her face she pulled me toward her and kissed me with the cum all over her face. She whispered for me to lick it off and I did, sucking it off her nose and licking some out of her eye. She was so worked up and without a doubt she had forgotten about her husband.

We both cleaned up and I helped her get dressed and kissed her nipples as I put her bra back on. I told her that I was just as horny as she was and I would be more than happy to make love to her again but Jen would be home soon but we did have time for another cigarette. She said yes give me one while I sit down out on the deck. She said I had her knees wobbling so bad that she could hardly stand up and laughed. I said, I felt the same way and we went outside. I sat next to her and held her hand. I asked her if she felt better. She said yes indeed thanks to me, she did. She said maybe I understand what my husband is doing now as fucking me was the most fantastic fun and it certainly didn't make her want to leave home. 

I smiled and kissed her lips tenderly. She said she hoped I didn't think badly of her but she wanted to see me again if I got the opportunity and she would give me her cell number. I told her that I was happy for her and thought the world of her. I said yes we will do it again and it will last longer next time as this time we just couldn't wait to fuck. I said, you don't have a sister do you? She smiled at me and said, no. I laughed and said I was just kidding. I really was wondering if there was any more of that family that was going to show up at the door step. I was still naked and she bent over and kissed my dick and said, OK baby, I will see you again soon I hope and I led her to the front door and she left. 

I cleaned up the glasses and all of her pussy tracks and lay back on the lounge chair and lit up another cigarette. I was sunning and waiting for Jen to come home and thinking about the whirl wind events in the past couple of days. I feel asleep and when I woke up Jen was stooped down next to me sucking my dick. For some reason I felt like Jen was my special friend and lover that I could tell everything to and I told her what just happened. She said, you little fucker you, I can't leave you alone one hour without you going off and getting more pussy and laughed. She was so cool and understanding and I wanted for us to share everything. That was a bond that made our relationship special. She said she had stopped and got us a hamburger and for us to go in and eat. She said to put some clothes on that she didn't want that dick looking at her while she eat and laughed. 

We ate and took off for Joan and June's to lay out one last day before they left for Florida. The girls were really trying to build up their tans so they would not burn and look cool on the beach. We got there and Joan was out by the pool. She said her mother had called and said she was running late from her beauty appointment and would be there later. We all hit the water to cool off and they both surrounded me and started kissing me and playing with my dick. Joan said she had missed my dick so much and hoped I could give her a little of it before her mother got back. She asked Jen when the last time was that she had it in her pussy and she answered, all night long and laughed. 

They kissed each other and giggled. Jen told her to pull her bottom off and let me in her. Jen got behind her and rubbed her ass and reached up under her legs and pulled my dick up to Joan's pussy. It went in and it was so warm inside after being in the cool water. Jen got behind her and started kissing her and playing with her tits while Joan fucked me. Her little pussy was tight like Jen's and seemed strange after fucking Jovon earlier. Joan told me she loved me and Jen so much. I told her I loved both of them also and my dick was theirs when they wanted it. Jen said, OK missy, move your cute little ass over and give me some. 

Joan moved off and let Jen take over. Jen got me inside her and she wrapped her legs around my ass. There was no way I had any cum left so we just fucked for the feel of it without worrying about a climax. I pulled it out of Jen and told them to satisfy themselves and to finger fuck each other and kiss while I watched. I reached around each one of them and played with their ass holes to enhance their pleasure. They both started jerking and came at the same time. I said, y'all are so cool. I told them they better get their suits back on before June got back and I got out and lay on the chair next to June's and waited for her to come home. 

She soon came out with another knockout bathing suit. It was a bright florescent green and it made her body look so dark. She bent over and kissed me and whispered that she had missed me. I think the girls saw her kiss me but they knew we really liked each other and I thought it was cool for her to do that. When the girls left, Joan and Jen both came over and kissed me goodbye and I patted them on the ass and told them to have a good time and to call when they were headed back. 

When they were out of sight, June bent over and gave me a long slow kiss. I reached over and pulled her top down and got a hand full of those dark luscious titties and told her I loved her fucking ass. She said, I love yours to. She playfully said, do you want to see it? I said that as much as I liked her in that beautiful suit which really sets your body off, I want us to get naked. She didn't hesitate and stood up and took everything off while she prissed around and gave me a little show. 

She looked fucking good naked and I told her to lie back in her chair and relax in the sun and I was going to eat her pussy until she had an orgasm in my mouth. She moaned and pulled on her nipples while I ate her and she started squirming. She placed her long dark legs around my neck and back and pulled me in closer. She said I really made her want to cum and she couldn't wait to get my dick in her hot pussy. I wanted to grab two hand full's of her tits but I liked watching her play with them more. 

She said, come on baby make my damn pussy happy. I was licking her pussy and sucking on her clit and I slowed down a little and stuck a finger up her ass and started fucking her ass hole with it. She said, damn you are good! I put two fingers in her pussy and still had the third one in her ass and started fucking her harder with them. She said, oh shit, baby I am about to explode and with that she bucked my fingers and mouth and screamed, oh fuck, its good, don't stop! She came and her body went limp. I crawled up on top of her and kissed her. I said, do you want a taste of the hottest pussy around? She licked all her juice off my face and said she liked it. I said, yeah not bad stuff. 

She pulled my suit down and off my legs and grabbed my dick and stuck in her pussy. I asked her if it was hard enough and she laughed and said it wouldn't be for long because she was going to milk ever drop of my cum out with her pussy. I started pumping her pussy and she reached around and started playing with my ass hole. Her long fingernails were sticking my ass hole and the pain made my dick even harder and I kissed her hard, sucking on her tongue. She finally got a finger to go in and she said she wanted to show me how I made her feel. She took it out and stuck it in her mouth and tasted it. Then she stuck it back in and then took it out and gave me a taste. She said, sweet isn't it? I said yes it was good but not as sweet as her ass hole was. 

I told her that her whole body was a delicacy and I wanted to eat her from head to toe. She said, well, your dick is fucking me up to my head now. I laughed and told her to open her mouth and let me see if I could see the head of my dick poking out. She did and I stuck my tongue down in her mouth very deep and she took it and sucked on it like it was a dick. She broke loose and started fucking me harder and said, I want you to fuck my Joanie like this. I told her I wanted to fuck her while she helped out. She told me to imagine that I was fucking her right now and give her some more dick. 

I spread her legs wide apart and pushed in as far as I could go and said, damn Joan, you have a good pussy. I said, you are fucking me just like your mother does. I said, put some titties in my mouth Joan and let me suck them while I shoot some cum in that little crack. June said, am I tight? I said, yes Joan you are very tight and you are milking my dick good. June said, can my mother fuck good too and I said, yes she has the best pussy I have ever had and I am going to teach you to fuck me just like her. June said, oh fuck my little pussy good and don't stop until it is full of your hot white cum. 

She was fucking me like a wild horse and said, oh I want your cum and then I am going to go down there to your dick and suck all of it off. She said, I want it in my mouth just like mother likes it. I said, oh Joan, I want to fuck both of y'all in your mother's bed all night long. June said, will you suck both our titties and eat out pussies while I kiss my mama? I said, yes, I want y'all naked and I want to see y'all rubbing your bodies together and I will let y'all play with my dick. June said, damn I can't wait, shoot it in me, and I was so damn excited it shot out about the time she asked for it. 

We collapsed in a sweat and I lay there with my full weight on her body. I whispered into her ear, June I love you. She said and I love you and now I know that I want for you to be with Joan and I. She said that if it would be this exciting then she knew it would be the right thing to do, giving Joan the pleasure that I just gave her. She said that was the best fuck I have ever had. She said her legs were so wobbly that she probably couldn't walk but she wanted to get us a drink and she would meet me in the pool to cool off. I watched her try to walk inside and laughed out loud and said, I think somebody just got fucked. She said I think two women just got fucked. 

I got into the pool and kept my eyes on the door as I wanted to watch June come out. Her beautiful body was something else and now I had her mind in full blast. I watched her approach the pool and told her that she was so fucking pretty. She smiled and crawled into the pool. We held on to the sides and drank our beers. It crossed my mind to tell June that I had just got through fucking Joan in the same spot we were in but I decided it would be more fun to let her think that when she arranged it, it would be Joan's first time to see and feel my dick. It would have to be another week because the girls were leaving for Florida the next day with Jane. 

I hugged June and asked her if she was having fun. She said it was great and she couldn't get enough. She asked if I was sure that I would help her introduce sex to Joan and I said based on the fucking I just gave both of you, what you think. She said, damn, I love you. We drank some more and she said we would have to get out soon but to play with her tits a little before we did. I sucked on them and played with her nipples and that and the cold water made them hard and stick out. I told her, long nipples turned me on, and she said she was glad I liked them. 
