 I ran several chores during the afternoon and hurriedly came back home in anticipation of Jen bringing home her friend Joan. I wore a pair of white denim shorts that showed off my tan. I was watching TV on the couch and fell asleep. I was awakened by the sound of girl's voices and opened my eyes to see Jen and Joan sitting in the floor in front of me talking. When Jen saw that I was awake she reached up and kissed me and introduced me to her friend. I said hi Joan and reached out and touched her hand. She was friendly but rather quiet. Jen had already made us all a large drink and we started passing it around. Jen started kissing me again and took Joan's hand and placed it on my chest and told her she could rub my body. She took a big drink and then went back and forth on my chest and stomach slowly getting closer to my dick. Jen said oh go ahead and touch him, I'm sure you have him hard as a brick by now. 

I told Joan it was OK and she could play with me all she wanted. She put her hand in my shorts and grabbed me good and played with me. She went down and played with my balls and rubbed my dick some more. Jen went down and pulled my shorts off so they could get a good look and she asked Joan if she would like to kiss me. I sensed Joan was shy so I pulled her up to me and placed on lips on mine. I told her she could also kiss my dick if she wanted to and she said she did want to, that she had always wondered what that would taste and feel like. Jen told her she could have my dick while she sucked on my balls. The two girls were slow to get started but soon began getting into it and they took turns putting me in their mouths. I run my hand down Joan's back and put my hand in her shorts. I was rubbing her little ass cheeks when right on cue, Jen said let's get naked with him. 

They helped each other take each other's clothes off while I watched. Joan's most beautiful titties popped out of her little baby blue bra and she had on matching blue thongs. Joan was a little darker than Jen as I was to later find out she had her own pool. They finished and I told them to sit back for a moment while I took in their beauty. I told them they were very pretty and both had gorgeous bodies. I said to break the ice, why didn't they give each other a little kiss and feel of each other's titties. They passed the drink around again and they began to kiss very slowly and explore each other's bodies. I watched and I didn't have to stroke to keep my dick hard, they were doing it for me. I asked Joan to come over and kiss me again and let me feel her firm tits. I then moved my hand down under her body and rubbed her pussy a few times and heard her moan. 

Jen was sucking my dick and rubbing my chest and played with my nipples. Joan was a really good kisser and the more I rubbed her pussy the deeper she stuck her tongue into my mouth. I pulled her up and put one of her tits into my mouth and sucked it. I told the girls to lie on the floor next to each other because I wanted to taste their pussies. They gladly lay down and I started on Joan. Her hair was dark but very thin. It did not impede me licking around on her pussy lips and I avoided her clit for a while and lapped up her juices. She probably had the juiciest pussy I had ever eaten and she tasted very sweet. 

Jen was kissing her nipples and watching me eat Joan. I then moved over to Jen and ate her for awhile but I really wanted to get back to Joan so I moved back and started sucking on her little clit. She really started jerking and fucking my face and said she was going to cum so I worked a little harder. She screamed out and said she had cum. She reached down and rubbed my head and said she wanted to see me make Jen come the same way. I moved back to Jen and licked her good. I was now familiar with her little pussy and I knew exactly what to do to get her off quickly. She also let out a loud whimper and told Joan that I was so damn good. 

I moved up and kissed the two of them and slid my dick into Jen's pussy and fucked her very slowly. Joan wanted to watch and said that was so beautiful. She said if I would not hurt her, she wanted to be fucked also and it would be the first dick to ever get inside her body. Jen told me to go ahead and get between Joan's legs and rub my dick around on her. She said she would help me and held my dick and rubbed it back and forth on Joan's juicy lips. When she had my dick good and juicy she inserted it into Joan's hole and told me to fuck her real slow. I pushed it in a little and then pulled it nearly out. 

Then I went in a little deeper and repeated this until Joan had been stretched and I felt she could take my whole dick. I pushed all the way in and it was so damn tight. She said that it felt so good and not to stop. She had just been laying there relaxed but she slowly started to meet my dick with each stroke. She asked Jen to come and hold her and kiss her while I came inside her. They began kissing and Joan was fucking me so hard that I couldn't hold out any longer and I told her that if she wanted it she could have it right now. She said oh don't stop, I want your cum to shoot in me and let me see what it feels like. With that it just pulsated and shot out before I wanted it to. Her spasms slowly ceased and I lay on top of her keeping my dick in and kissed her lips so lightly. 

She said that it was the best thing she had ever felt. She had rubbed herself to orgasm before but it just didn't feel this good. I felt myself slowly sliding out and I moved down and licked some cum out of her pussy and went back up and kissed her so she could taste it. Jen said she wanted to taste it also and got down between her legs and started eating her pussy. I lay back on my back with my head against the couch and watched. Then Jen told her to come help clean the juice off my dick and they crawled over and started licking my dick. They licked and kissed on me like a lollipop. They kissed each other and I told them they could have my dick any time they wanted it. Joan said she loved Jen so much for sharing me and ever thing Jen had told her was true.

I told the girls that I would like to see them eat each other while I watched and it is always every man's dream to see two girls eat each other and that they were so pretty and sexy that they just might make my dick hard watching them. They said they would do anything I asked and that they wanted to be my little sex slaves. I told Jen to get on bottom so I could see Joan eat her real good. They really liked it and eat on each other's pussy until both of them had an orgasm. Joan said she wanted some more dick and came sat on top of me. 

Jen told her she wanted to watch her fuck me and came and sat on my stomach facing Joan. Joan devoured my dick with her pussy and moved her little pelvis back and forth while facing Jen; they kissed and played with each other's nipples. Jen slid back on my face and I began licking her little ass hole. I don't know what makes it taste so sweet but it made me want to get my tongue as far up her but as I could. Joan told Jen that she was so lucky to have me to fuck. Jen said she wasn't jealous and as long as she and her mother could get all they wanted then she was very happy to have my dick in Joan anytime she could. 

Jen said she wanted to watch my cum shoot out in Joan again and placed herself between my legs and kissed on Joan's ass, licking her butt hole and then worked her way down to my balls and back. She loved to suck my balls up into her mouth and it made my dick even harder. Joan was getting the hang of fucking and really showed my dick a good time. Jen said, come on baby get some more cum in that pussy so I can lick it up as it gets squeezed out of your hot pussy. She said, do you want to make him cum in you so I can eat it out of you? Joan hollered, oh yes, I want his cum and I want both of us to eat it, you can have it off my pussy and I will get all that's on his dick. I told Joan I was fixing to fuck her pussy good and get ready for some more hot cum and then I hollered as it shot up into her as deep as I could get it. It ran out the walls of Joan's pussy and Jen was lapping it up like a little puppy. Joan turned around and stuck her twat on my lips to kiss her and taste her juices while she sucked on my dick. She sure was a fast learner. Jen was helping her to eat the cum off my dick and was kissing her at the same time. 

We all fell asleep for a short nap while our bodies were entangled with each other. When we woke up I told them to get dressed and we would go out for pizza. I took them to a little place that had a very private booth in the back where I often took Jane so I could fondle her tits and play with her legs and pussy. This was exciting because it was almost like having sex in public. They ordered cokes but I ordered beer and let them drink out of my glass. 

We talked about how good our sex was and I told them how beautiful their bodies were. I told them I especially enjoyed watching the two of them together and they giggled and said they liked that to. Jen told her to call her mother and tell her that she wanted to spend the night with her so we could be together all night and sleep in the same bed. Joan called from her cell phone and arranged it. Joan invited us to come over to her house the next day and lay out by her pool. She said her mother would be there so we would probably have to keep our clothes on and we all laughed. I told them as a reward for being so sexy we would finish eating and then we would go shopping and I would buy them some new bikinis to wear. They agreed that would be cool and we drank some more beer and the girls kissed each other for me and for themselves. 

The girls went to the bathroom together and came back and said they had a surprise for me. They were sitting across from me and told me to take off my shoe and put my foot up between their legs. I did and discovered they had taken off their panties. I could feel the bare pussies and I rubbed on them with my foot. They took my foot with their hands and directed it into their pussies and told me to fuck them with it. They were so cool and I was in heaven. I took turns foot fucking each one and got each one of them to cum again. 

We left and went over to the mall and found a store with a lot of bathing suits and they picked some out with bright colors and very skimpy at my request. They shared one dressing room and came out to model each suit for me for my approval. After agreeing on three suits for each they went back into the dressing room to put their clothes on. They took a long time and my mind began wondering if they got excited and were playing with each other. Finally the door cracked open and Jen looked around to see if anybody was around. There wasn't so they swung the door on open and stepped out naked, did a little dance for me and ran back inside. I sure was having fun with them. 

On the way back home I told them that I wanted for them to put on a modeling show and to wear their new suits with some high heels, lipstick and big earrings. They agreed and said they would like for me to take some pictures of them also. They also asked if we could stop and get some beer for us to drink. That sounded like a good plan to me and we did so and headed home. I put the beer in the fridge while they ran up to get ready. I brought three beers up and got the camera ready and sat on the couch in the den waiting for my sex show to start. I took off my clothes except for my shorts.

After a while the girls came into the room and looked stunning. They were so grown up looking and sexy with heels and lipstick on. The bathing suits were beautiful and showed their little tits as if they were twice as big. They had several sips of their beer and then started doing poses while I took pictures. I got them holding each other and kissing. They also knew what I liked and pulled their suits down for a more revealing scene. My dick was getting hard but I held out for more suits and pictures. The next suits were even better if that was possible. They were a bright yellow and matched. That really made good pictures and I asked them to wear them whenever we laid out Joan's pool. Joan said that we all could go over to their pool the next day and they would wear them. 

Her titties were larger than Jen's and they really were bulging out of the little top. I snapped away and went over and adjusted her suit to barely show her nipples. Then I did the same for Jen. I love nipples and this was a real turn on. I kissed each one of them on the mouth and then kissed all four nipples before getting back to the camera. I took a few more pictures and then asked them to take their tops off. They unsnapped each other and out popped some "free at last" boobs. I took more pics and then suggested to Joan that she take one of Jen and me together. She agreed and took the camera and gave me a little kiss. I held Jen in my arms in front of me and Joan took a picture. 

Then she took one of us kissing. I took off Jen's bottoms and then my shorts and told her to get one of us naked. She got shots of us while I sucked on her nipples and then Jen bent over and sucked my dick for the camera. Joan hollered, OK, my turn, take our pics Jen. They swapped places and Joan was all over my body. She held my dick up and said to take that shot. Then she sucked me and put my dick between her titties for a picture. She lay down and pulled me on top of her and said she was going to fuck me and Jen could take pictures from all angles. Jen got down close to my dick and Joan's pussy and started getting close ups. I pulled on her nipples and kissed them and sucked them good. 

Getting my picture taken while fucking Joan made me so excited and I was really giving her my dick. Jen got several shots with my dick going in and out and then told me to pull it out and give her a taste of Joan's pussy. She sucked on me a little and then said to eat Joan's pussy for a few shots. She did that and then I said I wanted some pics of them eating each other. Joan lay Jen down and spread out her legs and lay between them. She flicked her tongue on Jen's clit and I took some shots far away and then some close ups. I put the camera down and got behind Joan and slid my dick back into her pussy hole. I was fucking her from behind and I kept rubbing her ass hole and putting my fingers in it getting it good and stretched to take my dick. 

All this felt so good to her that she started going at it with Jen's pussy that Jen started to cum and had a very intense climax. I asked Joan if she would like my dick in her ass and she said she would really like to feel that. I told Jen to come up next to me and watch it go in. Jen spit on her hole for some more lubrication and she took my dick and guided it into her hole. I gave her a little at a time and her ass was really clamping down on my dick. She squeezed me until it would hardly go back and forth. It felt very good and even better when Jen wrapped her arms around me and started kissing me and pulling on my nipples. 

She sure was a good sex partner. She asked Joan if she wanted my cum in her ass, her pussy or her mouth. She said she wanted fucked in her pussy until I came in her and then she wanted Jen to eat it out. So I turned her over and rammed it in and didn't fuck long until I shot out my hot cum. Jen then did as she said and started eating Joan until she had a climax. 

The girls laid me on the couch and got on their knees and sucked all of the cum off my dick and kissed each other. We drank the rest of our beers while I loaded the pictures on the computer. They were great and the girls looked beautiful with each other. We also showed Joan the previous pictures that I had made of Jen on the rocks. I suggested we go down and get another beer and take the cigarettes out on the deck and sit naked and relax while drinking and smoking. They agreed and we hit the cool night air. It felt good on our naked bodies and the moon was bright so we could get a good look at each other. I told the girls that they sure were beautiful and sure knew how to make me feel good. 

They talked about how good my dick was and how good it felt in their pussies. Joan said she was so happy to have me as her first fuck because I was experienced and really knew what to do with her. She leaned over and kissed me. She said she was also glad that she and Jen were close because they were having fun. I kissed Jen and then told them that fun was what it was all about, not jealousy or possessiveness. Joan said she was willing to share me with Jen and her mother and laughed. I laid Jen back on her back and told Joan to spread her pussy apart and I was going to pour some beer in it and then drink it out of her. Joan said that was cool and she wanted to drink out of her next. Jen said that it was cold and tickled but was neat to be our glass. Joan lay down and said to pour some in her pussy for us to eat. 

We lapped up the beer and then took a little time to tease her clit. She asked if anyone wanted to try her ass hole and we said it would be fun trying. She leaned back and stuck her legs up in the air and Jen took a beer bottle and inserted it in her ass and filled it up until it run over. I clamped my mouth over her asshole and told her to squeeze some and it shot right up into my mouth. We started calling these pussy and ass shooters. They told me to stick my ass up in the air and spread my legs out. Joan told her to put the bottle in my ass while she sucked on my dick. Jen emptied the contents into my ass and then drank all I could push out. Jen put the empty bottle back in my ass and started fucking me with it while Joan was still sucking me. Joan stopped and filled her mouth with cold beer and put my dick in it. It felt good and she sucked all of it off. 

I asked them if they would like to have a beer bottle contest to see who could take the most beer bottle with their pussies. They lay back and I put a bottle into Jen and pushed it in. Then I took one and inserted it into Joan's pussy. As I expected, Joan took the most. Jen didn't want to lose and she took both hands and pulled on the bottle until it was nearly half way in. Joan said, ok, you win, now let's try our asses. So they bent over and I stuck the neck of two bottles up their asses. I said what a good picture that would make. 

Jen said she would be right back and went to the kitchen and brought back a can of whipped cream. She told me to lay back and enjoy. First they sprayed it on my dick and they licked it off. Then they wrote their names on my stomach and chest. Joan took it and inserted it into my ass and pushed the button and filled me up and laughed when it shot out all over her. I took it and covered their titties and pussies. We emptied the can on our bodies and we started wrestling in the slippery cream. Jen was sliding around on top of me and my dick slid in her pussy and we started fucking. She fucked me like she loved me and then told Joan she could have some. She was one special girl.

I got the hose out and washed our bodies off and then the deck. We sit back and smoked another cigarette while our bodies dried in the night air. We finished our cigarettes and went up to the den and sat on the couch together and watched a little TV and then went to bed. They put me in the middle and took turns sucking me. I wanted to cum but I didn't know whether to do it in their mouths or give it to one of the girls pussies. I left it up to them and they said they wanted to make me cum in their mouths so they worked on me to my delight. They went back and forth and I told them I was close. Jen said they would share my cum and she took me in her hand and started stroking me and told Joan to get her mouth next to hers and they would catch it when I shot out. It exploded and they caught all they could but some got on their faces. I watched them lick it off each other. They said they loved my cum and couldn't get enough. 
