 Some of you have requested that I write a "true story". So, after calling a few people and getting some permission to use real names and some not, I decided to write a story about my past. To appease all parties involved, all names have been changed but events are the same. I am also trying a new writing style which focuses on me retelling an event. I hope you find it effective. Please respond and tell me whether or not you like this style. I hope you enjoy reading this, as I enjoyed putting it together for you.

I was a semi attractive high school student but didn't get a lot of phone calls. In fact I got none. I went to a private school and all the guys that went there were snobs, asses, or jerks. There was one guy that was different and I befriended him. I was shy, and I think Phillip was also. The only time we ever danced was at our senior prom. In fact, it was also the only time he ever asked me out. Eventually I went to a art school in the South Eastern U.S. and he to a world renowned school in the North Eastern U.S.

In Art school I found a lot of leering guys and didn't know how to handle myself. My best friend, Jen, would put her arm around me and would get me away from the guys. Jen, was a bisexual, and told me that if we pretended to be lovers in public, the guys would stop bugging me. I felt that it was a good idea, and agreed. Kissing Jen, putting hands on her ass, and other places, became an act for me. Living with Jen also added to the illusion. However in my spring semester, I found a boyfriend and started to spend less time with Jen.

Jen started crawling into my bed at night and would kiss me or fondle my breasts. I asked her to stop and she would then crawl in and sleep side by side with me. Other nights she would walk into the room completely nude and would ask me to kiss her. I refused and she would hug me and tell me that everything would be fine. Eventually I would find myself on my hands and knees eating her pussy. One weekend, I returned from a weekend with my boyfriend, Justin, to find her in my bed naked, stroking her pussy. She smiled at me and asked me if I wanted a lick of her. When I shook my head no, she got up and claimed that she would win me back if it was the last thing she would do. She then proceeded to spank my ass, and pull my hand to her pussy. She made me eat her then she came on my sheets. She then forced me to lick her ass while she took my hairbrush and brought herself to orgasm on it. Licking her ass soon became a ritual.

At this point I was too distressed. I couldn't talk o Justin, as he didn't like her and had suggested that I move out. I went online and was happy to see Phillip online. We chatted for a while and he promised to come down during his spring break to see the situation. I was overjoyed and counted down the weeks till his arrival. I told Jen, and she smiled.

Phillip arrived looking better than I had ever remembered. He had lost about 20lbs of fat and was looking muscular. His biceps were huge, and his new hairstyle simply ravishing. To top it off, he also had grown a goatee, which I thought suited him. When a 6'2" 180 pound man stood in my doorway I hardly recognized him. I jumped in his arms moments later and he beamed down at me. I couldn't believe that this handsome stranger had been a person I had a crush in for years!

After a couple of drinks, Phillip, Jen, and I settled down in the living room and relaxed. We talked about school, old friends, new friends, exes, and currents, and all topics in between. Around 10pm, Jen's boyfriend stopped by and they leave. I start to kiss Philip, but he stops me, reminding me of Justin. I felt so bad that I ran into my room and shit my door. Philip followed me and reassured me that everything was all right and that we should have fun. 

He took me to see a new movie and I had a great time. When we returned, Jen was on my bed sitting half naked. She seemed to be breathing hard and looked little flush, but I didn't notice that at the time. When Phillip saw her, he wondered what was going on. Jen told him that her and me portrayed a couple around campus and she occasionally slept with me at night. She smiled and winked on the last phrase, but I assured Phillip it was only sleeping. Phillip claimed that Jen's taste in women was amazing and I blushed. I will never remember what happened next for as long as I live. 

Feeling drunker and bolder than I had ever seen her, Jen walked toward me and kissed me on the lips. She then started to pull my shirt over my head. Before I knew what was happening, my shirt was being hoisted above my head. Jen walked back around me and spanked my ass a couple of times and then squeezed it. She then undid my short skirt and within seconds I was standing in front of my two best friends in only my panties and bra. Phillip was surprised by this and essentially did nothing. Jen then walked over to him, dropped to the ground and said, "Well, lets see what Melissa has been dreaming about for years." Jen gasped as she pulled out Phillip's cock and watched it grow in her hand. Within minutes it became a full 8inches and was thick. Jen slid it into her mouth and Phillip sighed. Several minutes later he shot a big load down her throat. She smiled and kissed me sending some of his cum into my mouth. 

Moments later she pulled off my bra and panties. At this point Phillip had also stripped down as had Jen. She kissed me and started licking my nipples. That got me. Within minutes I was begging for more while watching Phillip's cock growing and growing. When she got to my clit I nearly erupted. I came so hard in such a short time. I truly had never felt like that before. At this point. Phillip came around behind me, lifted me up and stuck his dick in my pussy. As he pushed in he whispered in my ear, "You have no idea how long I have wanted to do that Mel!" He shoved in harder and harder, deeper and deeper until he was in to the hilt. He sawed his dick in me, slowly pulling out, then slamming inside, and then repeated the procedure. Yet, he still was very gentle and let me accommodate and get used to his size. I was in heaven and I came a second time minutes later. Just before he came, he pulled out and came all in Jen's mouth. Jen then started sucking his dick and cleaned off the cum. As she did this, I crawled between her legs and tried to lick her the same way she had done for me. I tried my best and was rewarded as Jen's hips rocked on my face and finally her girl cum seeped into her mouth. 

As I lay in the bed and recovered, I saw Phillip fingering Jen's ass. He made Jen lick it while he fingered her anus. After ten minutes he shoved his cock in her pussy. She screamed in pain and pleasure from the insertion. He was not gentle and he fucked her hard and didn't give her a chance to cope with his size. He was rough with her and pulled her by the hair and shoved himself in hard. Then he pulled out and shoved himself inside of her ass. She started howling in pain as nothing that big had ever been in her ass before. She normally used handles of hairbrushes, but this was far bigger than she had ever had. I saw something different on his face. It wasn't happiness or horniness. It was anger. As he plowed her ass over and over it occurred to me that Phillip was punishing Jen. He was punishing Jen for all the things she had done to me. He was doing to her, what I was unable and it made me look at him in a different way. No longer was he the cute guy that I had a crush on, he was my knight fucking the hell out of my evil roommate and "friend". After he came, he spanked her ass hard and told me to get on the bed and put my legs over my head. I thought I was in for a big fucking, but instead he dragged Jen over and made her lick my ass. She looked disgusted but complied. Having my ass tongued was a great feeling and I started to play with myself. Phillip took my hand away, and leaned down and ate me. He then grabbed Jen's head and told her, "You will be licking Melissa's ass until I make her come. If you stop before she comes, you will be in trouble." Jen nodded and kept licking. Phillip brought me to orgasm, but took his time doing it. It took near to 20 minutes before he did. Finally I screamed and Jen was able to stop. Phillip grabbed her ass and spanked it hard and then grabbed it. He then grabbed her tits and twisted her nipples. 

He glared at her and told her that he would be he was leaving the next day. If he found out that Jen was being mean to me, he would come back and become "mean with her". Jen looked frightened and nodded her head. Phillip then put his cock in Jen's mouth and demanded a blowjob. She gave him a blowjob and he proceeded to pull out just as he came and covered her face. As she crawled to her room ,in utter humiliation, she opened the door, verbally said an oh shit, and slammed the door. Phillip and I came running and we saw her face grow white. "Melissa, don't go there, please. I am so so sorry. I didn't mean to" she said. As I opened the door, I saw Justin laying nude on the bed sporting a 3 inch penis. I had never seen his dick before, and I kind of chuckled.

When he saw me, she got scared and tried to grab his clothes and run. Phillip stopped him and threw him on the floor. Then Phillip and I locked the two in separate bedrooms. We went to the kitchen to decide what to do. Eventually we let them out and said that everything was fine, but changes were going to be made. Jen and Justin could see each other as I dumped Justin on the spot. I also told Jen that she would no longer treat me the way that she did. I then went to my room with Phillip and locked the door. We made love, not fucked, not banged, but made love as lovers do. 

Phillip didn't leave the next morning but stayed the whole week. Every time he looked at Jen, she would grab her ass, and groan. He helped me study for finals and helped me write an excellent essay. I aced all my finals and finished with a very strong 3.78 GPA for the semester and a superb 3.40 GPA overall. That summer I applied and transferred to Phillip's school.

We graduated together and for a small time, shared an apartment in Boston as we each sought graduate degrees. 

I lost touch with Jen and Justin shortly after that and felt a little sad. I heard that Justin became a real estate agent and Jen his wife. I was present at the wedding, but was not asked to be a member of the bridal troupe. Philip did not attend the wedding and a small rift was created.

I later moved to British Columbia while he settled into a teaching position at a renowned North Eastern University. Sometimes, I miss him, and I call him, and we talk. But nothing is as simple as it was in the old days. Maybe one day I will move to his area, but for now, I am content with the image of Phillip's huge dick pummeling Jen's ass raw as she screams and begs for mercy. That is the picture of him that I think of: my hero.