 Chapter 1

Remember how, in high school and college, you kind of separated out into groups of like-minded individuals? Well, that happened to me in college, I just drifted into a group that seemed to have some free time on their hands and just all began hanging around together.

So, why did they have free time? They weren't dating or involved with anyone, our group just coalesced like they say the Solar System began.

It was a mix of guys and gals and it wasn't long before someone came up with a name for us: The Dateless Drones.

So, it even began to take on a little formality with regular nights to meet and activities like movies to watch, games to play, those kind of things. It was nice and it was companionship and we all seemed to enjoy the fellowship of being together.

There hadn't been any particular pairing-off or hooking-up that I could tell and it was all mostly a friendly get-together than anything else. But, having guys and gals together, I suppose, sex must sooner or later raise its head as it always seems to do. 

And it did one Saturday night at Mary's apartment, one she shared off campus with Lois, when we were watching a movie one of the guys, Dan, I think it was, had brought.

"This movie really sucks. The plot is for subhumans who are having a particularly slow day," Brian said. He was a freshman, a really smart guy majoring in math and was greatly appreciated for his sharp, acidic wit.

"Yeah, at least if I was watching it at home, I could be getting myself off," Dan said.

Well, that got a round of laughter but also elicited a comment right back from Anna, a Hispanic coed from California, very pretty, too, who said, "So, what's keeping you? You'd be providing some entertainment, Dan, think of it that way. And lots better than this movie."

"Yeah, I did it once at school, in high school, it was in the chemistry lab on an afternoon when we didn't have lab. There were two of us guys there and these three girls dared us so...," Dan told us.

"I did it in a movie theater once, there were three of us girls and well, we were in the back and it was a pretty hot movie," I confessed, "there were two boys who watched us, too, and they started doing it, too."

"I did it in the backseat coming home one night with my parents, I was back there with my boyfriend at the time. I really did have a boyfriend once, you know," Lois, a cute brunette who was a junior majoring in Finance, told the group. Then, she added, "I was at a pool party once, there was all kinds of kids there, maybe ten, fifteen of us, and we all got naked and did it as a group."

"Well, are we all just talk about what we did once or are we going to make it happen now?" Mary dared.

"Well, I'm for that," Dan said as he began undoing his belt and loosening his pants.

"Okay, I'm in, too," said Mary as she pulled off her top and reached around to undo her bra which she slid off her arms, then twirled it around and let it fly. She had really nice, firm boobs, probably B-cup and small pink nipples.

Brian now stood up and pulled his tee off then started on his pants as Dan pulled his briefs to the floor. He certainly looked like he needed to masturbate. He was a trim, slender guy but his dick was big, I'd guess seven, maybe more, inches and really pretty, light pink with purplish veins ribbed through it and a nice, smooth, rounded head.

I now had my top and bra off and was pulling down my jeans and as I bent down to do it, Brian, right next to me, pulled his boxers off, releasing his cock within a few inches of my face. I almost bent forward and kissed it but thought I'd be smarter to just see where all this might go.

"Okay, anybody got any lotion, any lube?" Dan asked and Mary hopped up and was soon back with a bottle of clear, thick liquid that got passed around as we all settled.

Dan and Mary and Brian were on the sofa while I and Lois were on chairs sitting opposite them.

"Any one want to help?" Dan asked, "Except for you, Brian?" he snickered.

I kind of liked Dan and, well, he had a beautiful penis so I moved over to sit in front of him between his legs and took him in both hands to begin masturbating him.

I stroked him for a few minutes as everyone slowly did themselves, then I asked, "Lois, Anna, either of you want a turn on Dan?" and Anna traded places with me as she put one hand around his shaft and the other up over his cock, to rub her palm over the crown on circles.

"Oh, Anna's got the technique," Dan said, "where did you learn that, tell us?"

She laughed and said, "Well, oh, geez, do I dare tell you guys? I'll never hear the last if I do."

Well, you know what that did, right, we all hooted and pressed her for more.

"Okay, but you have to promise to keep it here in the group," she said and we all agreed. "Well, my best girlfriend and I wanted to see a boy do it and we asked my brother. He was a year older and, well, we ended up, um, doing it to him and, well, four of his friends."

We all screamed and made a big deal out of it as Brian asked her how long that went on.

"Um, well, it kind of still does. At least when we're together. And I still do two of his friends when I see them."

"You're a nice girl to have around," Dan said and she replied, "Well, we pretty quickly got the boys to start doing us and then went to oral so it was more a two-way street."

"Brian, you want some help?" Lois asked and his hand immediately fell away as she wrapped her fingers around him and began stroking him.

Mary got up, saying, "Oh, I've got just the thing, be right back," and ran out of the room, soon back waving a big pink dildo, the kind that has a suction cup on the base. In her other hand, she had a vibrator, one of the dual-headed kind with the clit tip which she tossed to me.

"Here we go," she said as she pressed hers down on the coffee table. "Won't be the first time I've used it right here," as she swung a leg up over it and brought herself down on it, then pushed down driving it up into herself while I clicked on the vibrator and began moving the main head over my labia.

"Mmm, oh, yeah," she groaned as she scissored up and down on the big pink plastic cock.

"Shit, that's hot," Dan said as he watched her while Anna masturbated him. It must have turned him on because he started shooting his cum up in the air as Anna screeched, "Look, look, I've got him cumming, wow, so cool," and she let go and dropped her head over the end of his dick and sucked the rest out.

We were all kind of amazed that she took him in her mouth, that seemed to be beyond the loose, unspoken rules that had developed but, well, we were all pretty sexed-up and it seemed hard to keep things totally in line. And, well, we're old enough to make our own decisions after all.

Once everyone had gotten off, we didn't bother getting dressed, now comfortable in our communal nudity.

Brian started off a discussion with, "Have any of you guys ever done it like this with other people before? For me, there was four of us guys in high school, we were all seniors, and we all did it with our girlfriends as a group. None of them were on the pill and I don't think any of us had started having intercourse yet. So we all masturbated together, often ourselves but also guys doing their girlfriends and vice versa."

"I did it with three other girls, we were all friends but never with any boys, except for the pool party I told you about," Lois said.

"I was at a pool party last summer where we all did it. The guys, there were five of us, we all shot into the pool. The girls, there were six, I think, laughed and laughed and laughed," Dan told us. "Then, they all got themselves off while we watched. Most of us did it a second time while we watched."

Mary's vibrator was one of the kind with a dual head and you could put the long part up into you, then press the clit head down and buzz your little clittie until you screamed. That's just exactly what I did as I had a marvelous orgasm, one of the real earth-shaking kinds.

Then, Brian asked for it and asked who wanted him to use it on them.

Anna jumped up and went to sit in his lap as she opened for him, resting one leg over the arm of the sofa as he put it in his mouth, then, wet with his saliva, slid it inside Anna and clicked it on, moving it in and out.

"Mmm, feels good," she purred. Then he tilted the clit head down and she groaned, "Oh, oh, so good, mmm, press a little harder, move it around a little. Oh, like that, omigod, oh, that's so hot. Mmm, make me cum, Brian, make me cum."

Anna was slowly stroking Dan when she asked if any of the other girls wanted to try doing him. Lois scooted in front of him on the floor and took the lube and put some on her hands and began doing him two-handedly. She looked like she'd done this many times before.

"How's that, big boy?" she asked him. She had one hand behind his cock holding it vertical while she slid her fingers and palm up and down along the underneath of the shaft and when she got to the top, she circled her fist around the crown and twisted, then slid back down. Even to me, that looked good.

"Oh, wow, Lois, that's just the best. Oh, you can do that to me any old time you want to," he moaned.

"Always gets a good cum when I do it this way. Like it, huh?"

He was panting and it was obvious that he was just loving it.

Most of us were now mainly watching Lois masturbate Dan as we kept ourselves warmed rubbing a bit on our own.

Lois was using a bunch of different hand motions, some I'd never seen, and it was obvious that Dan was in heaven.

"Am I good, Danny-boy?" she asked.

"Oh, Lois, you should get the Nobel Prize for masturbation, you're that good," he said as we all laughed. But soon after, his head reared back and fountains of cum began spurting up as he groaned in deep pleasure and we all laughed and hooted.

After we'd all gotten off, we remained naked, now pretty comfortable with each other, even to the extent that we girls remained playing with Brian and Dan's cocks, much to our delight and, especially, theirs.

As you might imagine, there was a strong current of sex remaining in the room as we talked about classes and campus happenings. And about twelve-thirty, we all began making motions like we were ready to call it a night, all agreeing that it had been great fun and that we would be doing this again. We also had the two guys promise to recruit another guy for our "Dateless Drones" group to come closer to evening it out between guys and gals.

Chapter 2

The next Saturday night, clothes began coming off as soon as we started arriving.

"Dan called and said he was bringing a new guy, Rich, and I told him, he better tell him before he comes through the door that we're all naked inside," Mary told our forming group.

The lube was on the table along with more toys now, we girls were bringing our own special favorites to help provide some variety. And variety there was. Long, thin dildos, big, fat ones, long ones, one with a big knob on the end, slender vibrators, two-headed ones, one that was covered with knobs and teeth that rotated back and forth, several others. It was fun to just look them over and handle them.

There was music on and Mary and Brian were dancing naked in each other's arms as we all spread out around the room. I'd never seen a couple dancing naked and, well, it really made our get-together seem sexy and hot.

Then, Dan came in with the new guy who, as you might imagine, looked rather astonished.

"You really meant it...they're all naked," he gasped and Dan started undressing, telling him he'd introduce him around once he was bare as well.

They were both soon out of their clothes and Dan said, "Guys, this is Rich Brewer" and he went around the room introducing everyone. It turned out that he already knew Lois from some classes the year before.

He was nice looking and fit with a very hard cock which was quite attractive, a welcome addition to the Dateless Drones, I thought.

"I told him what we do, so, I'm ready, even skipped doing one last night, saving up for tonight," Dan told us.

"Would you like some help with that, Rich?" I asked rather eager to get my hands on such a pretty long, chubby, pink cock.

"How could any guy ever say no, Lisa?" he said as he moved in front of me. I had a technique that I used on a boyfriend once that I wanted to try again so I put one hand under his cock supporting it , dripped a little lube on it, then began running the top with my palm back and forth, especially pressing along the top of his glans.

"Oh, Lisa, that really feels good, where did you learn this, it's really great. Look guys, you should have her do this to you," he panted while I rubbed my palm and fingers back and forth over the top length of his cock.

In like three or four minutes, he was groaning as he began spewing white globs of cum into my open palm.

"Oh, man, that was the best. You can do that any time you want, Lisa. Can I do anything for you?"

I reached over to the table and handed him a vibrator, then leaned back on the sofa as he knelt down to begin tracing its tip up and down the wet groove between my legs while I pinched my nipples.

Then he started slowly working it into me as his fingers began sliding over my clit. He was moving the wand in and out now and it was feeling really good. I thought that he might have masturbated girls before, he seemed to know the touch to use, gentle but firm so I asked him.

"You've done this before to a girl or two haven't you, Rich?"

"Um, yeah, for several years, actually, just about every day."

"She must have been a happy girl."

"Oh, she was," he replied as he fucked me slowly turning the vibrator speed up a little.

"How long were you her boyfriend?"

"Um, we weren't really like that, it was my sister this last summer."

"Oh, aren't you a nice brother," I told him after all, I wouldn't have minded a nice brother to have some fun with but, unfortunately, I never had one.

I looked over and Lois was sitting on the floor between Anna's legs with the dildo in one hand fucking Lois with it while her other hand was doing her clit. It was looking like we were getting more relaxed in our fun together.

I have never had any problem with sex with other girls, I began doing my best friend orally when we were eighteen. It happened one night when I was staying at her house overnight and we were confessing about how we both masturbated and decided to show each other how we each did it.

Well, as happens, one thing led to another and she asked me if I'd ever have my pussy licked by anyone. When I said no, she asked if I wanted her to do it. Well, we were best friends and that started our oral sex with each other which continues to this day. She's in college in another state but when we do get together, we really get together. But, I do like guys and so does she.

Dan and Mary were doing each other, Dan, sitting on the floor between her legs, was using a dildo, the one with the big head on it, and Mary was sitting on the edge of the cushion, legs spread and she used both hands to pull on him like she was pulling in a rope, one hand, then the other.

Rich kept probing me with the vibrator as he began rubbing his pointer fingertip over my clit, yes, he knew what felt good, I think his sister taught him well.

I leaned back as he masturbated me so nicely, taking his time, just going slowly, letting me rise closer and closer to what was feeling like it was to be a wonderful orgasm.

Mary had just gotten Dan to cum and she now had her legs up over his shoulders as he worked the dildo in her. Then, he looked around, slid it out and leaned his head forward to tongue her. It was the first oral sex that was given in our group except for a brief suck Anna gave Dan's dick to get the last of his cum after she'd brought him off.

Mary was now moaning so the fact that Dan was eating her out was not lost on the others. Poor Brian was sitting on the floor doing himself as I asked him to come over to me. I was on the end of the sofa so I rested my head on the arm and pulled his cock to my open mouth to suck while Rich began to lick and tongue me. Yes, things were changing, there was now more oral sex going on and I knew what once it had started in that direction, it would not go back.

I held Brian's cock steady and just licked circles around the swollen head over and over as I heard his breathing quicken. Mine was, too, as Rich eased me open with his fingertips to begin flicking his furled tongue all around in my open pussy.

It was so good, it was almost impossible to concentrate on Brian's dick as I tried to control my tongue so I just sucked on the head which seemed a little easier to do.

Ever since the first boy's penis entered my mouth, it was something I dearly loved. I knew to concentrate on the tip end, making my lips extra wet to suck with or my tongue super-moist to lick with. If you're a guy, you know. I'll bet you're getting hard just reading this. I wish I was there with you. We'd have fun.

I had looked at several porn videos of Japanese girls using their mouths and while they do suck down over the shaft at times, there's a lot more they do, especially around the glans and underneath on the frenum. Oh, I'm good, yes, even when distracted my a lovely young man romancing my widened pussy with his tongue.

It was a hot and sexy Saturday night, for sure. We had all gotten comfortable with each other and I was really liking the new guy, Rich, and was feeling that maybe he was liking me, too.

Chapter 3

The next Saturday, when we each came in, Mary told us that she had something she wanted us to try and to wait until everyone got there. We were also getting another guy, Jerry Kell, a friend of Brian's that he first met in high school.

After everyone was there, Brian introduced Jerry who he had extensively briefed on our group. Jerry was a nice-looking guy, medium height, a Business major.

Mary then took over.

"Here's what I'd like for us to do tonight if everyone agrees...we're now even in number with guys and gals, that's nice. I thought we'd have two contests, one with us doing the guys, seeing who can get the first cum, then the guys doing us to get the first orgasm."

It really didn't seem to need discussing as everyone went right along.

"I've got every guy's name in this jar, so if we agree, let's pick a name."

When I unfolded the piece of paper, on it was written, Rich. I held it up to show him and he smiled.

"Now, here's how I want it to go. You guys can turn the sofa around and then bend over with your head and shoulders on the back with your butts out and legs spread and we'll get on the floor behind you and do it like we're milking you from underneath, okay?"

Everyone seemed to understand and the guys quickly had the sofa turned. Then clothes were coming off all over the room as each guy bent over the sofa back and spread his legs.

Five hot butts facing us as we all looked at each other, smiling at the view we were being given.

Then Mary got down behind Brian, reached under and pulled his cock straight down pointing to the floor.

"Like this," she said as she took some lube on her hands and placed one behind his dick, holding it, while she rubbed her fingers and palm along the underside. She did several different techniques including simply jerking him up and down like milking a cow but the one that really looked cool to me was holding him in one hand and rubbing that sensitive area right under the head with her fingertips round and round, that really looked hot.

"Okay? Everybody got that?" she asked.

We all did and each girl got behind her chosen partner and we all began.

Rich was really cute, bent over like that, with his nice butt right there in front of me and his brown balls hanging down as I reached up under him to pull his cock back down pointing toward the floor.
