 I love how romance movies work, everything just fits in so perfectly. No awkwardness, no hesitation taking off your shirt or having it get stuck in your pants. Panties magically disappear as a cock fully erect slides in perfectly without aide as if it has a pre-attached homing beacon to it. Real life isn't like that, as I'm sure you know that. But sometimes, just sometimes it happens just that way.



I couldn't tell you the last time Dan and I had been out on a date, not specifically. Ever since the birth of our second child the nights away have been few and far in between. I think it was sometime around three months ago; before tonight. Tonight was refreshing, different, we had gone to a nice dinner and then a strip club. Even us girls can enjoy strip clubs if the men aren't pushing us to get lap dance after lap dance thinking that we will somehow turn bi and spread our legs being gun-ho for threesomes one after another. That's how Dan was different. He took me to a nice club, not the dirty run down places you often see in movies, but a truly up-scale one a bit off the downtown core. We sat, drank a bit and watched the women dance, more showcase the goods in hopes of attracting patrons to get a private dance where they make their real money.

We got a few dances together, well more than a few, from one stripper in particular. Nice and curvy with some meat on her. Dan would describe her as a woman you could fuck without worrying about breaking her. I fit the same mold and I must admit she turned me on as well. The way she swayed her hips in rhythm with the music, adding conversation into her routine to make it feel more comfortable and not just paying a woman for a service. More than once I wished that she would have kissed me and who knows where it would have led; I was not turning bi, just caught in the mood and atmosphere.

After far too many teases of having this woman grinding both myself and Dan we departed heading straight for the hotel room that we had gotten for the night. Fifteenth floor, 5 star suite that overlooked most of the downtown area with all its lights and beauty. The keycard gave us no problems whatsoever and soon we were in our very own little oasis for the night. Kid free. Pet free. Worry free. Just a lavish place to ourselves and fifteen hours of debauchery ahead of us. Or maybe just sleep. Unsure yet.

Dan went to the closet as I let my clothes slip from my form and fall to the floor before proceeding to the washroom.

"Taking a quick shower" I called back unsure if he heard me; but knowing he would quickly figure it out.

I turned on the water and felt the water touch my skin flowing freely from the rain style faucet above my head. It was a fairly large tub, glass on all sides. With a flick of a switch I noticed the wall separation between the washroom and the bedroom begins to rise revealing a see through window allowing any from the room to see perfectly into the washroom. A little kinky but sure it has its enjoyable uses. I closed my eyes and let the water run over my body just losing myself in what I could only describe as moments of happy forgetting. No worries, no fears, no stress. Nothing but myself and my body. I feel hands around me, wrapping themselves around my waist and I smile placing my hands over the hands around me.

"Glad you could join me." I say aloud and feel a set of lips touch my neck in response.

I go to turn around but Dan keeps playfully staying behind me.

"Don't turn around" He says to me, soft.

I obey, and stay the way I am with his form behind me holding me semi protectively. My hands still atop his, I begin to bring them up so that he can caress my breasts which he does with eager haste. His fingers teasing my nipples. Circling the little nubbin as fingers pull gently on the protruding flesh. A surge of pain flows through me but not much. Just enough to arouse me even more. I can feel his manhood getting firm as it begins to instinctively grind against my backside seeking entry.

I debate for a while if I should let him in, and if so just in which hole should I let him. Maybe make tonight truly memorable.

"Keep your eyes closed and kneel."

No hesitation in his voice, calm, commanding. No hesitation in my response as I instantly kneel with my eyes closed. I feel the head of his cut cock on my lips and open it hungrily taking in a few inches. Slowly I begin to draw it farther before taking it out again. In and out I repeat the movements of my lips angling the cock so that it hits the side of my mouth and not the back of my throat. A while ago I learned that I could take him in deeper this way and it drives him wild. Judging by the moans I make out in the mix of falling water and his hand pulling harshly at my hair I can see the effects have not diminished. A few times I gag as a spittle of drool escapes my lips coating his firm thick manhood even more. He likes wet blowjobs with lots of spit and sounds. Wants to know my mouth is being used thoroughly and enjoyed completely. Making me his little cock whore to play and amuse himself with. I have to admit it drives me insane as well. Knowing how much pleasure I can give him with my body. Knowing that my flesh can be used like a little whore and make him so wild. To see his firm cock and the hunger in his eyes telling me he wants to ravish me completely. To come home from work and have him just push me against the wall, pull my pants and panties down and slide his cock in. No words, no hi till he fills me with his seed. It turns me on so much that even now I am getting wet just thinking about It as he begins to thrust into my mouth.

I bring my hand between my legs and start to please my clit and slit with two fingers as I pick up pace on his manhood. Several drops of pre-cum have already found their way into my mouth and down my throat. I've never swallowed, not a full load at least, but I always love the feel of his pre-cum in my mouth. He reaches down and slaps my breasts a few times as my nipples harden more at the excitement. I want him so bad the thought of him pounding into me and my own hand touching my clit is enough to make me cum. I bite his cock a little teasingly as a powerful wave of pleasure overtakes me. I moan the way a little slut does, the way he loves and whisper to him "please fuck me."

He doesn't respond, not a word. I want to look up but he told me not to and with denied senses I can definitely see the allure. Everything is enhanced so much it drives me wild. He grabs my hair and pulls me up. Not forcefully, guiding, allowing me to get my footing. Rough, fast he slams me against the glass of the shower. Completely disorientated I have no idea which way I'm facing but I feel his finger tease my little brown hole. I go to object but hold my tongue. I want this, maybe not there, not specifically, more I want him to use me. However he wants, wherever. The thought of us just doing whatever we want to one another tonight is all I thought of at the club. More than one wicked ideas formed in my mind already of what I would do to him and I know that like it or not he will submit as well. But now was not that time. Now was his time and I was the one submitting.

"Open your eyes"

The words startle me. The voice startles me. But I listen and open my eyes, taking a moment to adjust to the new light. I can see through the glass window of the shower and for a moment I think I'm facing the mirror as I noticed a woman being taken from behind. It takes me a few seconds before I realize that it's actually the other room and the girl is propped against the window. The other couple fucking each other watching Dan and myself go at it. It turns me on even more knowing, and seeing, another couple there. I stare at her, beautiful, blond hair, good shape and think to myself how I'd love to lick her pussy as that throbbing cock thrusts into her. My mouth goes wide as for a second I see the man using her. It's Dan. I go to turn but the man behind me keeps me where I am.

"Watch"

I don't know why but I listen to him. I watch the woman chest and hands slamming against the wall; hear her moan of pleasure and excitement with every thrust. I can see Dan's face more and more as he looks over her shoulder at me. I don't even notice it at first. Don't feel it. Not due to a size issue but due to just complete fixation. I begin to moan as I feel, after I'm not sure how long, the cock thrusting into me. My own chest slamming against the glass with every thrust of this foreign cock. I don't object. Not at all. I'm not mad. Not at Dan nor myself. I'm excited. I want this. The realization overtakes me as I stare at Dan and this mystery woman go at it as, whom I can only presume to be her husband, claims me for his own.

"Harder"

The words escape the woman's lips and I can tell that it was not meant for Dan but for her husband. He begins to thrust harder into me, deeper. Dan was well endowed and this man has no less than he does. I moan loudly as I begin to grind and push my hips backwards. I can see Dan watching me as he fuckers her, watching my face as it moves in pleasure. Seeing me bite my lips as a wave of ecstasy fills me. 

"Kneel"

He pulls out and I drop to me knees. I open my mouth and close my eyes. I won't swallow, but definitely welcome a good showering. His hot cum covered my face, my chin, drops down to my chest in droplets as he releases all he had.

"Mind if I join?"

I open my eyes and look up and see the other woman standing at the entrance to the shower. Her husband steps out without a word and she walks in. It was a rhetorical question but she asked teasingly. I can see her own chest covered with a bit of cum but the bulk is missing, probably on the wall or floor. She leans over and licks me from my chest to my lips before kissing me passionately tongue darting into my mouth. I can feel and taste the cum on her lips and tongue as she feeds it to me partially. She pulls back and licks my lips and cheek some more.

"I never like wasting a drop." She says as she licks her lips. I understand at that moment. She took Dan's cock deep into her mouth and swallowed every drop save the few that left when he pulled out but even that small amount she scoops up hungrily from her chest with a finger. She offers it to me and I take her finger into my mouth sucking on it teasingly. She's beautiful. Very, and I can't help but admire her as the water runs over her large chest. Same size as mine I'd guess, 36D, maybe DD. I look up still feeling almost subservient to her, submissive. Me there kneeling with a powerful woman standing atop me. 

She brings my head to between her legs and I flick my tongue over her slit without needing to be told. I taste her juices, a fine wine, intoxicating, and the truth of why Dan loves to eat me out hits me. Tastes good, comforting. I see her coo and knees buckle slightly just from my simple touch. Empowering. I flick my tongue again over her slit this time hitting the clit as she holds my hair firmly.

I looked to the side for a moment, just long enough to see Dan at the doorway to the washroom watching us. The other man i couldn't see though I'm sure he was somewhere.

"He's gone" she spoke as if in answer to a question i didn't ask but she knew i was thinking.

"He went to the lobby, I'm all yours now"

I smiled to myself and went back to the wonderful task at hand. My hands caressed the bare flesh of her ass pulling her closer to me as my tongue continued to flick across and assault her slit. The constant tightening of her grip on my hair as well as the audible encouragement told me that what i was doing was hitting the right spots. I wanted her so bad in the moment, this moment. Here, now. With Dan watching. Wondering what he was wondering. He always encouraged me to explore so I knew he wasn't mad but still wondering. I licked her more letting her juices flow and tasting the sweet nectar of her womanhood. She grabbed my hair hard as her body tensed. She screamed, commanding me, begging me, needing me to continue, to not stop. I happily obliged her indulgence and flicked my tongue even faster sliding the tip into her hole tongue fucking her. A single finger on my right hand, without my intent, had begun to circle her asshole seductively. She smiled and pulled me up. Passionately she kissed me the way no woman ever had. I became enthralled and lost in my actions as i returned the kiss with so much yearning i melted. 

Slowly she kissed her way down my body, kissing each breast and nipple in turn. My sides, my stomach. An inch above my wet aching begging pussy and then finally the slit itself. I rocked hard as an orgasm overtook more from out of nowhere. She knew just how to touch me to mold me to her slut. That is how i felt in the moment. And it felt right. So very right.

She continued to flick her tongue over my slit. Long, slow licks. Exaggerated movements meant to have my body plea for more. I grabbed her hair and thrust her head into my cunt. Not letting her breath. Forcing her to lick more. She didn't mind. She welcomed it. Her hand, and a finger teased my little backside hole the way mine had her moments ago. No objections came to my lips, completely lost in what was happening right now. Juices flowed freely and taken greedily. My brown eye began to pulse, open and constrict to her movements as my body and ass grinded against her. She slid a finger in. I yelped, surprised. She didn't force. She just rubbed the inner walls allowing them to expand and welcome her. My pussy exploded once more under her touch as she slid three fingers in finger fucking me. I slammed my fist against the side of the shower and it barely moved.

She touched me the way Picasso would paint the greatest of his works and i was her masterpiece. Only one other had ever made me quiver as much and he watched amused from the doorway. She licked even more, two fingers fucking my cunt, one taking my ass. I rocked my hips back and forth urging her to fuck me more.

"seems ready" she said between flicks of her tongue.

God she felt good. I frowned a bit as she slid her finger out of my ass. She didn't leave my womanhood. Dan approached, I could hear him and felt his lips on the nape of my neck. I reached back and drew him closer tilting my head to embrace him. He knew I enjoyed this and reveled in the knowledge that he arranged it all. I gasped, loud, as I felt his hard cock slide into my ass. We had done it a few times before but never like this. He withdrew slightly then thrust back in. Not hard, paced. My ass didn't fight it. My body didn't reject it. No, I knew my body wanted it. Dan in my ass. This woman, her name still unknown flicking her tongue over my clit as she fucked me with three fingers.

Time had no meaning anymore as the two of them had their way with me. I felt his hips slam against me and his balls slap the other woman's lips every time he thrust the full length. He even began picking up speed as my body got used to the sensation. It felt good. 

So very good.

I often read stories and heard how good it felt when one was relaxed. They were right. Free of the tension and rejection my body craved this. Craved his shaft to go its full length and claim my ass for his own. I grabbed both of them, each with one hand, and pulled them as close as possible as yet another orgasm enveloped my body. Wave after carnal wave of bliss took me without pause or mercy. I screamed loudly at how good it felt.

I could hear Dan grunt, moan, i knew his body, his actions, he was near orgasm. I pulled him out and slammed him against the side. Quickly I rinsed him off and shoved his cock the full length down my throat.

I gagged, spit drooled out. I almost vomited but I didn't care. Not now. Not right now. I bobbed my head up and dead completely in heat. I no longer felt the gag reflex. I only felt the hard cock pulsing as I pleasured it so much. He moaned loud and twitched. A load as big as I had ever known him to produce shot out of the hole in his cock. It hit the back of my throat. My tongue. Pools of it dripped out from the space between his shaft and my lips. His semen covering me as it flowed from my mouth. I tried to keep it in but there was too much. I struggled. I swallowed. Bitter. Good. Thankful. I swallowed what i could and felt the rest escape from my lips and cover my breasts. The other woman, later I learned it was Sandra, took in one breast then the other. Cleaning me. Dan rocked his hips again and thrust. A second load shot into my mouth. Much smaller. I let it fall from my lips and onto my breast. Sandra licked it up with a coy smile.

"never waste a drop"

the rest of the night passed by too fast. The three of us each orgasming many times over.

Can't wait till our next date



Comments as well as requests are more than welcome