 With my husband out of my life, it was sad yet exciting knowing my youngest son finally had himself a flat of his own. He was happy when his brother was here with us yet lately I could feel an atmosphere whenever he brought his friends around to unwind in the garden and conservatory. Seeing him out one day, he was looking in an estate agents shop window and deciding to go over I noticed him looking at a place I knew would be ideal for him. Only a five minute walk from our house I knew he couldn't afford it so telling him I would be glad to help I felt good seeing his face burst out into an uncontrollable smile.

He could not get in there quick enough, his own place, a place where I felt sorry for his neighbours yet yearned the peace and tranquillity beckoning my house. It was however, a poignant day in my life, a house that had produced my two sons and gave me the best years of my life watching them grow in to young men would now fall silent once more. Those first few weeks I seemed to see more of him than when he was living here. As long as he had his music and a bed then that was all that mattered in his eyes, practical things like cutlery and plates were not thought of. Finally though, he was becoming increasingly organised and apart from seeing him drop in most evenings at around dinnertime then the rest of the time he would phone before coming around.

This suited me as even closer to my house lived Dave, a married man whose marriage I was told was all but over. He was a handsome man, over ten years my junior and with an over active sex gene inside him made me feel wanted whenever we met. They were rare occasions though; a cheap hotel close by, had the proprietor knowing me by name, all be it a false one, whenever I signed in there.

With him being married then I was never able to wake up the next morning with his arms around me. He always left before midnight and had me creeping out, feeling dirty, used yet satisfied in the small hours. Darren, my son knew I was dating a man; he knew Dave and would have hated to know what our affair entailed. To him it was just a casual fling with someone living in our city and nothing for him to get excited about. 

Lying in this dirty hotel room, Dave had gone home as I laid there, thoroughly exhausted, at peace with the world however, wondering to myself why should we be in that dirty hotel. I have a perfectly respectful house that he is welcome to come to now, with no interruptions then everything seemed ideal. 

Arranging with him on his mobile phone he felt it a good idea also and for a tester told me to expect him after he had finished work that particular evening. To him it was only going to be a quickie, his wife did not even need to know he was going to be late home. Leaving work an hour early I would hate to think what he thought of me as I answered the door in nothing but a long silken negligee. It had taken me all afternoon to get ready for him, laying in the bath and douching myself. Looking in the mirror, I had gone overboard to look my best for him, yet when that doorbell rung I became a quivering wreck. The bed was old, some ten years in fact, yet it had never had a man on it in all that time. As soon as my ex went and slept in his own room then the first thing I did was to destroy the old mattress.

It had been a warm day; Dave looked as though he had had an exhausting day at work also. His tie undone and as we kissed in the passageway, I could smell the day's aromas on his body. At the hotel we would both have showered beforehand, no time for that this day however as we locked our lips together in the quiet of the hallway. My knees, unashamedly open and hugging his as we kissed, I had never worried myself so much as I did that day when taking his hand and guiding him to the bedroom. 

Sex was better than ever that evening, he wanted me badly and I wanted him, it was over in minutes however, I laid there with his cock throbbing inside me as I felt the last of his come empty into my satisfied insides. He was biting hard at my neck as my nails gripped tightly into his firm buttocks before I felt his tension relax from his perspiring body. Lying there so contented, I suddenly froze as I heard a key open the front door. Darren wasn't expected as I told him I was busy and to stay away however hearing him call up the stairs had me thinking what to do next. Being a friend of Dave's and knowing he was married would have put me in a complicated mess with my son. 

Quickly I put on a gown then slowly trying to compose myself went down the stairs to greet him. He had put the kettle on and without a care in the world asked me whether I wanted a cuppa. My hair was matted, I had beads of perspiration running down my forehead and worse still, I could feel Dave seeping from my body as breathlessly I asked him why he had come around. Looking at me strangely for the first time, his first words to me was to ask whether I had a man upstairs. A bad liar at the best of times I tried to tell him I had not and was relieved when knowing I was lying he put down the teacups and told me that he had better leave. A filthy look into my eyes as he passed by and a deliberate shout of goodbye as he slammed the door shut behind him.

I felt used and annoyed, this was my house and yet my son thought it bad that I should have my boyfriend around, even though he had no idea he was a friend of his. My libido was at an all-time low as I gingerly went up the stairs and glad in a way that Dave had quietly dressed and ready to go.

It took time to get over the embarrassing situation that I had put myself in, he had phoned me a few times and was more than willing to try it one more time. I wasn't though, however, one lunchtime when he did ring I suggested that we meet up at our hotel the way we used to. He didn't like the idea however was easily coaxed into agreeing to that. So, spending the afternoon preparing myself once more I had already phoned the hotel and ordered our room once more.

Luckily, I wasn't dressed up when I arrived early at the hotel, parking my car discreetly out of sight I timidly looked around before entering into the hotel foyer. The girl on the reception knew me well by now, Dave and I had used it on a number of occasions before. It used to be very secretive in the early days however talking to her now she at least let on that she understood my situation with him. As we were talking this time, however I was startled hearing the hotel revolving door click into action. It was my other son and his wife, they had seen me enter into the hotel and told me that their curiosity made them come and see what was up.

The expertise of the receptionist was quick in answering for me, telling them I was an old friend and that I was just passing by. I knew straightaway by their eyes that they believed her and relieved when they told me they were in town doing some shopping and wondered whether I would care to join them. I couldn't have said no knowing that shopping was my favourite pastime. Before I could say yes though, the receptionist butted in to tell them they were too late, as she had already arranged a date with me. Staying silent, she went on to explain that she was off duty in ten minutes and we were going to have a meal together. As she was speaking, I looked beyond them and could see Dave looking into the foyer very confused. He knew my eldest also and thinking something was wrong again quickly walked on by.

After a short conversation, my son and his wife bid me farewell telling me where they would be if I had time later. I hoped not, I thought to myself as alone once more I thanked the receptionist, took my key and went up to our room. It had been almost a month since I had seen him last; I wanted him so much and laid on the bed with a large bath towel around me waiting for his arrival. It didn't come, instead after an hour or more I heard my mobile bleep telling me I had a message. My son and daughter in law had seen him also and after talking together, he decided it was too risky to go back to the hotel.

I lay alone under the towel for hours, reliving my existence; I was single once more, my two sons had grown up and left me yet still they ruled me. I didn't answer Dave; if I had then it would have been a short goodbye message. It wasn't his fault really, just my complicated lifestyle.

Knowing he wasn't going to be the one for me, still happily married and never getting in touch I simply put that down to a nice experience, while it lasted. I was happy to hear from him though again, even though it had been a while. A short message again telling me he had to go to Spain on business and had a spare seat on the aeroplane. I replied to that, all be it a simple answer; yes!

Again, nothing else was said between us, he was a man of his word though and I got excited when plane tickets arrived on my doorstep via my postman one morning. A short sarcastic note followed the next day however about me travelling alone to the resort in case any of my sons happened to be at the airport at the departure time. As it so happened there was, as my son Darren drove me the short journey and hoped I would have a lovely time as he promised to be at the airport awaiting my arrival back here in two weeks time.

This was to be a first for me, I had travelled to Spain three or four times, each time however was with my growing sons. I remember looking back at the evenings when lovers walked down the promenade holding hands and cuddling up while I sat above them on my balcony babysitting my two boys.

Life was lovely then, men did not contribute in our lives as I gave them my full attention. Having them worn out and yawning at midnight I would happily sit out on the balcony completely in love with the world as I sipped on my warm glass or two of red Spanish wine.

This holiday was going to be so different though, I had only ever had Dave alone for a whole night once, which was in that hotel while his wife was in hospital overnight once. He had to leave in the morning and I had to make a feeble excuse that I will get up as I have all day to kill. Truth of the matter was I was so shattered that I felt paralysed to the bed for half the day. Fourteen days of that made the hairs on my neck stick up as I felt my insides tingle with anticipation.

I waited for his arrival, nothing then remembering I had turned my phone off I had one text massaged. 'Wife not well, unable to come.' I felt every bit of emotion drain out of my body at that time; there I was in the arrival part of the airport expecting two weeks of uncomplicated fun when those six little words shattered my nerves completely.

Going straight to the departure lounge I explained the situation to the person on the desk who told me the ticket I had wasn't negotiable and to leave now would mean I needed to buy a one-way ticket back to England. The money meant nothing and so paid for the return journey and having time for a coffee I sat alone awaiting the announcer to call my flight number. 

Already early evening it was going to be the early hours before I was to get home, then an announcement telling me the plane had been unexpectedly delayed made me start to feel suicidal. Almost in tears by now, I went up to the information desk to ask when the aeroplane was expected to be ready. I was left drained and speechless when told that there was a problem and that it could be hours before it was mended and ready for take off.

With no other aircraft taking off that night, I had taken enough for one day. Giving up, I went out to the taxi rank to ask whether anyone was available to drive me to my apartment. I sat alone in silence as the taxi driver loaded my cases into the car and I ignored his poor attempt to talk to me in his broken English. Realising I wasn't happy then he finally gave up trying to hold a conversation and I was more than happy when finally the taxi entered into a brightly lit street. It must have been the small village we were both supposed to be staying in; within a few seconds I could smell the sea and then the reflection of the moon beating down on the vast open peaceful looking ocean. 

Feeling bad now, as we pulled up to my block of apartments on the sandy promenade I realised my flat was on he second floor and speaking my first words to my driver asked him kindly whether he would mind helping me up with the cases. He gave me the silent treatment this time; although he huffed to himself, I gratefully held the door open for him as he followed me up the marble staircase. Thanking him then realised that I had no foreign money at all, a visa card waved in his face brought a strange expression from him, so all I had left was some English money. Giving him the choice then he closely inspected the notes before taking one of them, smiled at me and wished me a fond farewell.

The room was dark, lonely and strange, I really didn't want to be here but another few hours at the departure lounge would have had my frustrations getting me into trouble. It was hot, a sultry heat making perspiration run down my painful face. Sitting quietly on the bed, I could here the distant music from the clubs and bars below. Every now and again a loud shout or scream from some drunken holidaymaker would startle me as I sat alone and peaceful on my unmade bed.

A while had passed as I tried to shake the loneliness out of me, I was dirty, needed a bath, hungry, needed to eat, so I tried to come to terms with my apartment and make friends with it for at least one night. It didn't help me though, turning on the shower did nothing and the sticky door to my balcony had me almost in a panic as I tried hard to open it. Frustration got the better of me that night as I screamed and beat the glass door with my fists. 

I must have looked as neurotic as I felt as I looked out onto the balcony to see two concerned faces from the next apartment looking alarmingly at me from their balcony. Realising I was stuck in there I watched on as the man climbed over from his balcony to mine and tried to help me with the door. It wouldn't budge as the glass shook with the beating I was giving it. Waving his hands violently he jumped back over onto his side and with his wife trying to comfort me with her actions I noticed he had gone inside. Hopefully to get a hammer I thought, but no, he had come to my door and hearing him banging on it, I stopped my beating of the door and went to answer him. 

He was Swedish, couldn't speak a word of English, he was lovely though, wearing just a pair of shorts that revelled to me he had been having some intimate fun with his wife which I had no doubt interrupted. Without a word spoken, he fiddled with the key in the door and somehow had the patio door open for me. 'OK' was all he said as puzzled now I asked him what he had done? Showing me I realised the door was still locked while I tried my best to open it. He laughed, I did too and jumping back over to his side, I was waving my thanks to the both of them.

"You're English," I heard her say in a better accent than I could have said it myself. 

"Yes," I replied politely, while wishing them a pleasant evening and walking back into my room, not in any kind of mood for a conversation with them that evening. My shower still wouldn't work though so hearing them out on their balcony a little later I timidly asked her whether her husband could come and fix it for me. I knew I was intruding and really did feel bad, I needed a shower more than anything though, and didn't care that I was once again interrupting them. 

He came over and showed me how the shower worked; it was again my lack of knowledge and nothing else. Leaving me, he looked frustrated as once more I thanked him knowing at least that I was able to have a shower now. My nerves were shattered after the day I had experienced, I felt clean though as I lay on my bed and tried to read a book. It had been a compelling read once although with all the interruptions I knew it was now a book I will never be able to enjoy.

Still wet from my shower I was laying on a towel with my balcony door open, a cooling wind helping to relax my taut body. Although I could still hear those two laughing at each other, the coolness of the night at least made things more comfortable for me now. I could not help but notice the silence next-door, as I was able to relax more now. Thinking they had gone to bed I undone my bathrobe to stretch out on the large cool double bed. 

Within no time at all, I could faintly here a noise, startled I looked around the darkened room to see where it was coming from. Every few seconds now, this noise appeared and became increasingly louder. Realising it was the couple next door making love I immediately felt envious of them. A louder bang now made me jump up, as soon as I heard the telltale sighs though I imagined the bed moving across the floor as their excitement was obviously growing. 

Thoughts of my hotel and David came flooding back as my mind tried to imagine what she was going through next door. My headboard should be keeping them awake I thought to myself as their sighs and moans became increasingly louder now. The sound of blatant sex should excite me as I lay now open legged and clasping at my pubic region. Feeling so sorry for myself however, I was unable to raise a spark in my body and quickly feeling chilled now I wrapped the robe back around me.

Continued silence next door, my eyes were refusing to close this particular evening and so in darkness, I went out on the balcony to look at the wonderful sights of the moon hitting the sea and the distant glow of nightlife in the town close by. A light next door startled me momentarily as they had finished and also not wanting to sleep. Finishing wrapping a silk throw around her body, I could practically see the contented smile on her face. Unaware she had kept me awake she too looked out into the sea and in English told me how lovely the view was. Starting a much-needed conversation with her, she asked whether I would like a glass of wine. I did not know what the time was, my watch was in English time still and I hadn't a clue what it was here. I could not sleep and was glad of someone to talk to though, so gratefully accepted her offer.

Coming back out a minute or so later, she had two glasses and a full bottle of wine with her. Pouring me a glass, she introduced herself as Stephanie. Her husband of just thee days was Dan to me. Only arriving the day before she was curious straightaway as to why I was alone. Trying to tell her that my boyfriend's mother was taken ill on the day of our departure then I thought rather than waste the tickets I thought I'd come anyway and hopefully he could follow when his mother feels better.

Why I was lying to a complete strange was a mystery however I suppose it was the safest answer I could have told her. At around the same time I noticed her look into her room and moments later a very tired looking Dan came strolling out. As Steph started to explain my situation in Swedish to him, I could tell I was a third party, which he didn't really want around. He lovingly cuddled up to her and not showing the slightest bit of interest I realised it was time to leave them alone.

I tried hard to close my eyes; the pair of them didn't help, as their laughter was only inches from where I tried to rest my head. Although warm and the few glasses of wine had at least relaxed me, I felt bad as I got up and closed the patio doors on them. I did eventually get some much-needed sleep although I knew I was woken by the sound of their bed hitting my wall at least once more during the course of the night.

Having a bad day and a late night I was awoken early once more by the endless crash of their headboard hitting my wall it was early morning and I knew then that the day had started and my short sleep had finished. In a worse mood than when I went to bed I wearily staggered around the apartment to see whether there were facilities to make a hot cup of tea. All I could find was a kettle, so not having anything to make tea or coffee with it put my mood even lower. I was saved however, when I could hear Steph calling through the patio doors, opening them she had a large silver pot filled to the brim with piping hot coffee.
