 Megan awoke to a wonderful smell. She turned over in her bed to ask Danielle what the amazing aroma was, but Danielle wasn't there. Megan pulled the blanket off, slipped her black see-through nightgown back on, and walked out to the kitchen. Danielle was standing over the stove, flipping over a couple pieces of toast in a pan. Megan saw she was wearing her mint-green nightie and panties.

"Good morning, baby," Danielle smiled.

"Good morning," Megan said, opening the fridge. "Breakfast?"

"Yep," Danielle said. "French toast."

Megan pulled the pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice out of the fridge and grabbed two glasses. She poured the juice and handed a glass to Danielle. Danielle noticed the quizzical look on her lover's face.

"Yes, I can cook," Danielle said. "Being single kinda forces you to learn to do that. And since you made dinner, I wanted to return the favor."

"You did that last night," Megan smirked.

"Not what I meant," Danielle said, rolling her eyes. "But you're right, last night was amazing."

Danielle dished the French toast onto their plates. They again sat at the kitchen table. Megan cut into her breakfast and took a bit.

"This is amazing!" Megan said. 

"My grandmother's recipe," Danielle replied. "I'll be sure to tell her you like it."

The women laughed and continued their breakfast. Once they had finished, Megan took the plates and placed them in the dishwasher. She and Danielle walked over to the couch.

"Looks like a beautiful day," Danielle said. "We should go out and do something."

"We should," Megan said. "Let's shower and get dressed. Wanna join me in the shower?"

"Of course," Danielle smiled.

Megan pulled off her nightgown, then helped Danielle out of her nightie. She started the shower and stepped in; Danielle followed. Megan adjusted the shower head so the water fell on both of them. The hot water here seemed to last forever; it felt amazing as it ran down their naked bodies. Danielle wrapped her arms around Megan's neck and began to kiss her. Megan opened her mouth and immediately pressed her tongue against Danielle's. They stood there for several minutes, kissing passionately. They moaned into each other's mouths. Megan slide her hand between Danielle's thighs. Danielle gasped as she felt Megan begin to rub her pussy. She looked into Megan's eyes and nodded.

"Do it," she said softly.

Megan applied a little more pressure to her massage. Danielle moaned louder and closed her eyes. Megan moved her lips to Danielle's cheek, kissing it softly, gently. Danielle gasped harder. Megan whispered into her girlfriend's ear.

"Do you like that?"

"Very much," Danielle whispered back.

"Do you want me to make to cum?"

"Yes, please."

Megan moved her hand up a little, finding Danielle's clit. It was already throbbing with pleasure. Megan pressed her right thumb against it and moved it in a clockwise motion. 

"Fuck!" Danielle yelped.

Megan kept going; Danielle kept moaning. Megan moved her thumb faster and pressed ever harder. Danielle grabbed Megan's hand and looked right into her eyes.

"Just like that?" Megan asked.

"Yes," Danielle moaned. "Don't stop! Please make me cum!"

Megan now moved her hand as fast as she good. It was a bit of a workout, but hell, if this kind of workout made her stronger and made her lover orgasm, why not? Danielle began to shake and her head went back. Megan knew it would be any moment now.

"Fuck!" Danielle screamed as her pussy released.

Megan watched as Danielle squirted onto the shower floor. She leaned into Megan, and Megan held her tight. It took a full two minutes for Danielle to stop shaking. When she stopped she pulled back. She tried to put her hand between Megan's thighs. Danielle seemed stunned.

"Not right now, babe," she said. "I really wanna get outside. We'll have time before Matt gets home. Maybe we can get dirty in public."

Danielle smiled wickedly.

"I like it," she said.

They finished washing and exited the shower. They dried off, did their hair and makeup, and got dressed. Megan wore a pair of cute white khaki shorts and a purple tank top; Danielle had black denim shorts and a deep blue tank top. They slid their sandals on and headed out. 

"I thought we could walk around Alexandria today," Megan said. "If that's ok with you."

"I'd love to!" Danielle replied.

"I know it's only one stop, but let's take the Metro."

They walked to the Braddock Road Metro Station, scanned their Metro cards and rode the escalator to the platform. They didn't have to wait long. Soon the Yellow Line train pulled into the station. The doors opened, and Megan and Danielle entered the car. They stood in the middle, holding onto the leather handles dangling from the ceiling. The doors slid shut, and the train began to move. Twenty seconds later the train came to a stop at King Street Station. The women exited and headed down to street level.

"Such a gorgeous day!" Danielle said.

"Perfect day to spend time with my perfect girl," Megan said.

Danielle blushed bright red. Megan took Danielle's hand in hers as they walked south on Daingerfield Road until it intersection the main thoroughfare that was Duke Street. They turned east. Danielle loved the charming old colonial-era homes that lined the street. She had imagined herself living in one of these, although she couldn't imagine how much they cost. 

"I love these houses!" she told Megan.

"Right? They're so cute! Matt and I want one of these some day."

"Any idea how much they go for?" Danielle asked.

"No idea," Megan said.

They continued their walk, admiring the colonial architecture and the picturesque neighborhood. Before they knew it, it was lunch time. They saw a small sandwich shop and went in. Megan ordered for the both of them. Danielle paid for lunch, and they sat at a small table outside. 

"Matt comes home tonight," Danielle said. "You excited?"

"Very," Megan said. "This helps pass the time though and keep my mind off the fact he's gone. Thanks."

"It's not like it's a chore," Danielle laughed. "You know I absolutely love being with you. What time does his flight get in?"

"Ten. He's flying into Dulles."

"Want me to go with you to pick him up?" Danielle asked.

"Sure. Matt will be very happy to see us both there waiting for him."

"I'll drive home," Danielle said. "I have an idea."

She leaned over and whispered her plan into Megan's ear. Megan smiled. 

"Oh my gosh! Matt will love that!"

They finished lunch and continued walking. Before they knew it they were headed back to the station. They boarded the train and rode to the next stop. They walked back to the apartment and had dinner. Soon after it was time to leave. They got in Matt and Megan's vehicle, a blaze blue Kia Sorrento, and Megan drove to Dulles International Airport. 

They parked in the short-term parking and walked in. They looked at the board and saw Matt's flight had landed half an hour early. Soon they saw Matt walking down the concourse towards them, rolling his suitcase along behind him. He sped up when he saw them. Upon reaching them he grabbed Megan and pulled her to him and kissed her hard. 

"I missed you so much!" he said after their lips had parted.

"I missed you, too," Megan said, wrapping her arm around her husband.

"Hi, Danielle," Matt smiled.

He pulled Danielle in and held her for a long moment and kissed her forehead. He wanted to kiss Danielle on the lips, but even in the DC area, one man kissing two different women was still considered weird. Megan took Matt's suitcase, and they walked to the car.

"You must be tired," Megan said. "Here, we'll sit in the back and relax."

"Danielle is out chauffeur now?" Matt joked.

"Just for tonight," Megan said slyly. 

They paid the ten dollar parking fee, and Danielle began to drive back towards Alexandria. After they had gotten away from the airport a bit, Megan pulled her husband to her.

"I've missed your kissed," she whispered. "Kiss me. Let's make out."

Matt pressed his mouth to Megan's. She moaned softly as Matt kissed her. His lips caressed hers. Matt held Megan's head in his hand and kissed her harder. Megan moaned again as his kisses became more passionate. Danielle looked into her rear view mirror and smiled. Megan opened her mouth and felt her husband's tongue enter it. Their tongues met and locked together, flicking and swirling around each other. Danielle began to get turned on watching her lovers' open-mouthed kissing. Matt reached up and began to massage his wife's perky breasts; obviously he'd missed those, too. Normally Megan wouldn't let Matt get this frisky, but she had missed him, and it felt very good.

"Did you miss my hot, tight body?" Megan asked.

"Very much," Matt replied.

"What about Danielle?" Megan asked.

"Also very much."

"Good," Megan said.

Megan reached down and unzipped Matt's khaki pants. He was already hard from their make-out session. She reached into his boxers and pulled out his erect cock.

"Danielle, look what I found," Megan giggled.

"Oh, a nice hard cock," Danielle smiled. "Looks delicious."

Without another word, Megan moved her head down on her husband's manhood. She took him into her mouth. Matt moaned as he felt her warm wet mouth envelope him. Megan's head bobbed up and down as she sucked him slowly. Matt groaned and he sat back. 

"That's it, Matt. Just relax while your wife sucks your rock-hard cock," Danielle said. "Seeing that is getting my pussy so wet."

Matt imagined Danielle dripping with arousal. It turned him on even more. He moaned. Megan slid her mouth all the way down around her husband's hard shaft. She felt him pressing against the back of her throat, and she gagged a little. She heard Matt's groans of pleasure as she deepthroated him. 

"Fuck yeah, take it in your throat," Matt said.

Megan went down on him again, all the way. His cock hit the back of her throat; again she gagged slightly. Matt moaned loudly. Megan could feel him throbbing in her mouth. He was almost there. She slid her tongue around his head and shaft, licking up his precum. Matt's head went back.

"Save some of that for me," Danielle begged.

But Megan was not in the mood to share. She bobbed up and down faster on Matt. Matt grabbed her head and held it in place as he fucked her mouth. Megan gagged. She felt him pounding in her mouth. She knew he was about to explode. 

"Fuck! I'm cumming!" Matt moaned loudly.

Megan stayed down on him as his cock pulsed in her mouth. She felt him explode and felt his hot sticky load shooting into her throat. She swallowed as hard as she could, taking all of his cum. She kept her mouth on him until he began to go soft. Then she pulled off of him and put him away.

"You dirty little bitch!" Danielle said. "You were supposed to save some for me!"

"He's my husband. I didn't feel like sharing this time," Megan replied. "But I have a feeling by the time we get home, he'll be ready for round two."