 I thought I would share with you a fantasy I had for a number of years. First let me explain how it came about. When I first started going out with my wife Eve, if another guy got too close, I would punch him. We had been married for about two years when I shared my wife for the first time, but she refused to do it again. I had this fantasy for 35 years and although this fantasy never happened, I do now share my wife.

It was mid-summer, we had been back from our summer holiday a couple of weeks.

"Can we go to the beach tomorrow?" Eve asked.

"Yeah can do if you want."

"Well we don't have anything else planned, and I want to work on getting rid of my tan lines."

"Ok, well I have heard there is a small beach with sand dunes not far from the beach we usually go to, where you can do nude bathing."

"Yeah ok then let's go there."

"We will need to leave early to beat the traffic."

So nice and early the next morning we load the car and set off for the beach. I am wearing a pair of swim shorts, a t-shirt, and trainers. Eve is wearing a white bikini, her D cup tits look great. Over the bikini she has on a pair of snug fitting shorts, and a vest type t-shirt.

The drive to the beach should take two to two and a half hours, we are about half way when Eve says she needs the loo. "There was a board back there that says there is a lay-by coming up with toilets, we can pull in there."

We pulled into the lay-by, there were a few other cars there. I parked near the toilets, as soon as I had stopped Eve jumped out. I watched her sexy arse wiggle away from me as she walked, within a few seconds she was back in the car. "That was quick."

"The ladies are closed." 

"Oh ok, shall we try further down the road?"

"I can't wait that long, the gents are open though."

"You want to use the gents?"

"Well you could check in there to make sure no one is at the urinals, I could then run in and use a cubicle."

"It might work."

"I could then listen out for anyone else coming in before I come out again."

"Ok let's try."

We got out the car and walked to the toilet block, I looked into the gents. No one was at the urinals, there were three cubicles, but only the middle door was open. I explained this to Eve and in she went. I walked back to the car to wait.

After about five minutes a bloke walked out, I thought she would walk out just after him but no. I walked back to the toilets and looked in, the door to the cubicle on the left was now open. I was just about to ask Eve if she was ok, when I heard a moan. I quietly walked into the empty cubicle, there in the wall was a glory hole. I pushed the door partially closed and crouched down to have a look.

There before my eyes was my wife sucking a strangers cock through the glory hole in the opposite wall. My cock was instantly rock hard, I was thinking of putting my cock through, when I heard the guy say he was going to cum. I watched as my wife swallowed his cum. Not wanting to get caught watching I left the toilet.

As I walked out another guy walked in, I watched as he walked into the cubicle I had just exited. I walked out of the toilets and stood by the car, I expected Eve to either come out with the guy or follow him out. No sign of Eve as he walked out, got in his car and drove off. I sat in the car and waited, around five minutes later the guy that I had watched walk into the last cubicle came out. Eve followed about 30 seconds later, she rushed over and got into the car. "You took long enough," I told her.

"It's not my fault you blokes take so long in the toilet."

"What you have been sat there all this time waiting?"

"Yes, every time I thought I could get out, someone would either walk in or leave a cubicle."

I knew she was not being truthful, but she didn't know I knew. By my reckoning she had given three blokes blow jobs.

We continued our journey to the beach, the traffic was getting heavy. Including the half an hour Eve had spent entertaining complete strangers, the journey took us just over three hours. By the time we had found somewhere to park, unloaded the car and got to the dunes it was just after 10:30.

It was fairly busy, there were a number of wind jammers up. We found a spot that wasn't too close to other people, set our two wind jammers up in a U shape and laid the towels out.

"Are we going for a swim first?" I asked.

"Yeah I need to cool down a bit, I am all sweaty."

Eve took off her top and shorts, revealing a lovely camel toe. "What a lovely view," I told her.

She saw where I was looking, hooked her fingers into the leg holes of her bikini bottoms and pulled them out of her pussy..

"Don't understand why you did that, you will be naked in ten minutes anyway."

"Maybe, but that doesn't mean everyone on the beach gets to see my Pussy."

We went down and got in the sea, Eve hadn't gone all the way in. When she was about thigh deep, she duck herself into the water and stood up again.

I swam over to her, "You know you said you didn't want everyone seeing your pussy honey?" 

"Yeah, so?"

"Well at the moment everyone can see everything, your bikini is see thru when wet."

She looked down "Oh my god!" Was all she said as she ducked herself back under the water.

"Don't be silly, who are you hiding it all from? There is only around 40 people dotted around the whole place."

She looked around and realised that really no one was looking, she walked a bit further into the sea but kept her arms folded over her tits.

We didn't stay in the sea too long, as we walked back to the towels Eve had her hands in front of her pussy. I was laughing. "What are you laughing about?"

"You! Your walking with your hands there so no one can see your pussy, but in less than five minutes you will be naked."

We got back to the towels and lay down, I took my swim shorts off. I was just about to settle down when asked, "Can you lotion me please?"

"Sure honey."

I got the lotion from the bag and poured some ono her back, I untied the bikini top and slid it of her shoulders. She propped herself up and took it off, I went to work rubbing the lotion into her back. I moved to her legs, starting at her ankles and working my way up. I then undone the bows on each side of her bikini bottoms, I pulled it out from under her and put it with the bikini top. I poured some lotion over her arse cheeks, then came my favourite bit. I started massaging the lotion into her arse cheeks, running my fingers between them, teasing her arse with my finger. "You're meant to be putting lotion on me not fingering my arse."

"Ok but you know how much I love your sexy arse." I slid a finger a bit further down and felt her pussy. She was wet and horny, I slipped a finger into her pussy which made her moan.

"Will you please stop it, else you will have me moaning and people will hear."

"Ok." I stopped and lay beside her. She sat up and got the lotion, she then poured some over my back. She worked her way down my back, then up my legs. When she got to the top, she slid her hand between my legs and started playing with my balls. I lifted my hips so she could get my rock hard cock, she started stroking my cock. As soon as my breathing started getting heavy she stopped. She lay beside me. 

"That's no nice," I told her.

"You did it to me."

"You told me to stop, I didn't tell you to stop."

We lay there side by side in silence, enjoying the hot sun on our bodies. I must have fallen asleep because I was suddenly aware of voices behind me, I looked over my shoulder, to see two guys were now laying on towels behind us. They weren't right up close to us, but they weren't that far away either.

I got up and got a bottle of water from the cool box, I then sat on one of our chairs. I looked down at Eve, who hadn't stirred. No wonder they had dropped their towels where they were, Eve had obviously also fallen asleep, as her legs had relaxed they had parted. These guys had a clear view of her pussy.

I tapped he foot with mine, "Do you want a drink of water honey?" I asked her.

"Yes please," she replied as she sat up.

"I think you might need to turn over, your back is getting red."

"Is it bad?"

"Not really, I am going for a swim, coming?"

"No not in a see-thru bikini. Can you put some lotion on my back please?"

"As soon as I get back from having a dip, I am sweating."

I put my swim shorts on and headed for the sea. I dived straight in, the cool water felt great against my hot and sweaty body. After I had been in a couple of minutes, I looked back up the beach. The two guys that had set up behind us, were now standing by our wind jammer chatting to Eve. I carried on swimming a bit longer, but always keeping an eye on the two guys. I watched as they both disappeared from view behind our wind jammer, I decided I had best go and see she is alright.

As I arrived, Eve was laying on her front one guy either side of her. One was pouring lotion on her back. "Couldn't wait for me then?" I said to her.

"These two kind gentlemen offered." She said without looking at me.

I retrieved my half empty bottle of water from the cool box and sat in a chair to watch two naked teenage guys rub sun lotion into my naked wife's body.

Watching them both work, it was clear this was something they did together often. They both started at her shoulder, and worked their way down her back. As one went down her back, the other went up. Working in unison making sure not to miss her sides, but always stopping just above her arse.

The lotion was then poured onto each arse cheek. Each started at her hips and worked their way in, again each getting close to her arse and pussy but not touching it. Finally it happened they took it in turns to run their fingers between her arse cheeks, each taking a second or two to rub her arse. Eve was starting to enjoy the attention, I could see every time a finger played with her arse her hips moved.

They moved down her legs, they started below the knee rubbing lotion into her calves. Both of them bent the leg up, applying lotion to her shins too but in doing so Eve's legs parted a bit more. Then it was time for her thighs, each thigh had lotion poured onto it. The guys started slow, rubbing lotion into her outer thigh and backs. Each running his hands up to the bottom of Eve's arse cheeks, they poured some lotion into their hands. They started on her inner thighs, again in unison, as one moved up her thigh from the knee, the other was moving down. Each time they got to the top of her thighs, they would slide a finger along her pussy. Eve was getting really turned on, she had parted her legs a bit more and was now moving her hips against their fingers.

"Would you like us to lotion your front now?" The one on the right asked.

Eve didn't say a word or look at me, she just rolled over. Her nipples were rock hard and standing proud, the guy on the right winked to his mate. It was like I wasn't really there, they both had rock hard cocks.

The one on the right picked up the lotion and stared pouring it between her tits, he gradually moved down her body to her belly button. They started by her waist rubbing the lotion in, working down to just above her pussy. Eve was anticipating one of them touching her pussy, every time one got near her hips would raise. They started working their way up, they went around her tits. Spreading the lotion between her tits, up to her shoulders, then down her arms. Finally working their way back to her tits, they took one each. They started massaging each tit first, then moved to the nipple. Eve let out a loud moan as soon as they each squeezed a nipple, they continued to pinch, pull, and massage her nipples. By now Eve was breathing very heavily. The one on the right moved down to her legs, he poured some lotion on her thighs. He knelt between her legs and started rubbing the lotion into both thighs at once, the other one was still playing with both her tits. The one between her legs was now massaging her pussy with both hands every time they reached the top of her thighs, the one massaging her tits then took Eve's hand and placed it on his swollen cock. She opened her eyes and looked at him, she smiled and started stroking it. He moved up her body a bit more, she tilted her head towards him and took his cock into her mouth. The other guy, seeing this guided his swollen cock into her pussy. Eve had an orgasm almost immediately, crying out in ecstasy. He was ruthless and started pounding her pussy hard and fast, while the other one was fucking her mouth. It didn't take long for Eve to have a second fierce orgasm, making her cry out again. The one in her mouth suddenly pulled his cock out, he sprayed his cum all over her tits. His mate was still fucking her pussy, sounding more and more like a steam engine hissing away. As Eve had her third orgasm, he cried out "Oh fuck." Pulled his cock out and covered Eve's torso with cum.

They both looked down at Eve laying there covered in their cum. "Fuck lady you are so hot, that was fucking great." They both said together.

"No thank you boys, I really enjoyed it," She told them.

As they got up to leave, one looked at me. "Sir, you have one hot sexy wife there thank you."

Eve didn't say a word, she got up and put her bikini on and walked down to the sea. I didn't go with her, I just stayed sat in my chair. I wondered if she would say anything when she came back. As she walked out of the sea, she made no attempt to cover herself as before. Anyone that wanted to look could, and would get an unobstructed view of her shaved pussy and lovely tits. When she got back, she removed her bikini and lay on her back. I laid next to her also on my back.

We had been laying there a while, I could hear some chatter going on so I got up to take a look. There were a number of people leaving, I checked the time it was 4pm. There was an older guy sitting on a towel, he saw me looking around. "A lot leave at this time to beat the traffic," He called out to me.

"Oh I see, I did wonder."

He got up picked up his towel and started walking towards me. "Not seen you here before, this your first time?"

"Yes it is."

He continued walking towards me. "The out of towners always leave early." He told me.

"We are out of towners, but we don't plan on leaving too early."

He walked over and saw Eve laying there on her back, legs slightly apart. "My, that is a lovely view."

Eve opened her eyes and looked up at him, "Good afternoon, thank you for the compliment," She said to him.

"My dear lady, it is a pleasure."

He stood there looking down at Eve, his cock was starting to grow, "May I join you?"

"If you want to." She replied.

He sat next to her crossed legged, making no attempt of hiding his hardening cock. They were making chit chat, normal questions, where you from? Where did you get your tan? And so on. Suddenly I heard him ask, "Will your husband get upset if I played with your tits?"

I didn't hear what she answered, but as I looked up he had a hand on each tit. He was massaging her nipples, she moved a hand to his cock.

"You have lovely tits and nipples," He told her.

"You have a lovely cock," She replied.

He slid a hand down her body, she parted her legs to give him access to her wet pussy. He slid his fingers along her slit, and started massaging her cilt. She was instantly moaning. Her hand now had a full grip of his cock and was stroking him faster and faster. 

"Do you want to suck me, or shall I fuck you?" He asked.

"Why don't you lay on your back and let me fuck you." She told him.

Clearly not one to argue, he lay on his back. Eve straddled him, lowering herself onto his hard cock.

"Oh fuck that feels good." He told her.

"MMM that it does." she replied with a moan.

She started sliding up and down his cock, he brought his hands up and cupped her bouncing tits. Eve was speeding up fucking him, moaning louder and louder as she did. He was pulling on her nipples, squeezing them between his thumb and finger. 

"Oh fuck," Eve cried out as her first orgasm hit.

"You have such a soft tight pussy, I don't think I will last long," He told her.

She continued to bounce up and down on his cock, continually moaning. He carried on playing with her tits, pulling her nipples, she bent forward so he could suck on them. That gave me a better view of his cock sliding in and out of her pussy.

As Eve's second orgasm was subsiding, he gripped her hips. "Oh fuck I'm going to cum." he cried out.

Eve ground her pussy on to his cock, taking it all the way into her pussy. His legs stiffened, I could see the base of his cock pulsating as he filled her with his cum.

She collapsed on top of him, his cock softening and slipping out of her. A trickle of cum leaked out of her pussy.

"Fuck I enjoyed that," She told him breathlessly.

"Yeah me too." He told her.

She rolled of him and lay on her back in the sun, her legs apart I could see cum leaking from her pussy.

The guy leant over and kissed her full on the mouth. "Thank you for that." He told her, he got up and left.

Again Eve didn't look at me, or say anything. I was wondering were all this sexuality had come from. She stood up and looked around, the beach was almost empty now. "I'm going for a swim," She declared and set of for the sea naked.

Although I was keeping an eye on her, because she isn't a good strong swimmer. It gave me time to reflect on the day's events. I have been wanting to share my wife for 35 years, although it was good to see that she was now willing, I didn't expect her to become a slut in one day. I was wondering if she might now come clean about this morning's events. My train of thought was disturbed by her returning from the sea, watching her tits sway in time with the rest of her sexy body was awesome.

When she got back, she dried herself with a towel.

"You ok?" She asked me.

"Shouldn't I be?" I replied.

"You seem a little distant and quiet."

"Why do think that might be?"

"Don't know. What time are we heading home?"

I checked the time, "Its half five now, so whenever you want."

"Yeah let's go now." 

She put on her vest t-shirt and shorts, but left her bikini off. We packed our stuff away and walked back to the car.

"Is there a reason you have left your tits out?" asked her.

"They are not out, anyway I thought you liked my tits."

"I do like them, but they are a distraction while I am driving."

We set off from the beach, traffic was heavy but moving. We had been going for just over the hour when Eve pipes up. "Can we stop for a toilet break please?"

"The ladies are closed at the one coming up, shall we go onto the next?"

"No it's ok I will use the gents again, I wouldn't have thought there will be many guys around now"

I almost asked if she hadn't had enough cock today, but held my tongue. We pulled into the layby, there were three cars there. I parked close to the toilets again, we got out the car and walked to the toilets. I looked inside no one was at the urinals, two of the 3 cubicles were empty. I told Eve and watched as she went in, I followed her as she headed for the middle cubicle. Obviously not had enough cock yet. Then I heard a guy's voice say, "Oh you made it, I was beginning to wonder."

After a few seconds, the same voice then said, "Shall I come in there with you?"

I then heard Eve. "If you want to."

I watched from the shadow of the door as the end cubicle door opened, the last guy she gave a blow job to this morning walked out of the cubicle. Eve unlocked her door and let him in, they locked the door again.

I went to the car, as I got to the car I noticed a guy entering the toilets. I got my phone and selfie stick, I headed back to the toilets. I noticed that there was only one door open now, I entered and looked through the glory hole. Eve was naked, she was being fucked by the guy I had seen and was sucking the second one through the other glory hole. I set my phone onto video and put it onto the selfie stick, I slid it silently over the top of the wall. I took my hard cock out and put through the glory hole, then I heard a voice say. "Hurry up with that one, you have another to do look."
