 Summer had come to an end in Washington, DC. The leaves were beginning to change colors, and the air was cooler and more crisp. It was a welcome respite from the oppressive humidity that had hung over the area for most of August. School had started, which meant the tourists had gone. But for Matt, Megan, and Danielle, it was still business as usual. The only thing changing for them was their apparel. The morning chill brought with it the necessity for warmer clothes. Gone were the days of short skirts and tank tops; now came the pants, long-sleeves, and sweaters.

On this particular day, the air was a cool 68 degrees, and there was a very slight breeze rustling the trees. Matt had arrived at work. After hanging his coat on the coat rack in his office, he opened his work laptop and checked his email. There was an email from his wife. UNICEF was going to be holding a fundraiser on the second weekend in October. The fundraiser was to combat human trafficking - a very worthy cause. Matt read on. It was going to be a black tie event, and there were going to be hors d'oeuvres and an open bar. 

"I'll need a tux," Matt said to himself.

Matt replied to his wife's email that they would be going and asked if she wanted to invite Danielle. Within minutes he received a reply that Megan had RSVP-ed for the two of them, and Danielle had found a date. Megan had also requested they all sit together. Matt smiled and went about his work.

A few blocks away, Megan and Danielle were exiting the Farragut North Metro Station. They had both taken a personal day just to hang out and chill. The past couple weeks had been stressful, and they needed a break. But today they were on a specific mission: to find dresses for the fundraiser. It had been awhile since either of them had been to something this formal, and they both realized they hadn't a thing to wear. Fortunately, Danielle knew of a dress shop that had exactly what they needed. The dress shop was at the corner of Connecticut Avenue and L Street. Both women had made sure their credit cards had a low balance; they knew this would be an expensive trip. 

"Hey, before we go in," Danielle said. "There's a place a couple blocks from here I wanna show you."

Megan knew by Danielle's tone that she was up to something, but it was probably something fun. They walked side-by-side, hand-in-hand down L Street until they came to an older looking office building that had been turned into some stores. Megan was led to some stairs headed down. When they reached the bottom, a door said "Must Be 18 or Older to Enter." Megan looked at Danielle with a raised eyebrow. Danielle pushed the door open to reveal a sex shop. The walls were lined with all manner of sex toys, lingerie, outfits, lubes, and videos.

"Shit," was all Megan could manage.

"Anything in particular I can help you ladies find?" a pretty girl called out to them.

Megan and Danielle thought she was hot. She stood about 5'10", slightly chubby, short pink hair, perky breasts, and a bubble butt. She was wearing a tight see-through t-shirt and leggings. Megan wanted to take her right then and there.

"We're just looking," Megan said, blushing slightly.

"Well, if you need anything, let me know. My name's Katia."

Megan and Danielle both noticed she put a lot of emphasis on the word "anything." They continued looking around at all the different toys and even some porn. They finally came to the dildos. Megan's eye was immediately drawn to a thick light blue dildo. She pulled it off the hook.

"Eight inches is a good size, right?" Megan asked.

"I'd certainly think so," Danielle replied. "I think we should get a harness, though, too."

"I don't think we need to. This is one of those new strapless ones. You slide it up inside you, and that holds it in place," Megan said. "Supposed to be more realistic."

"I like it," Danielle smiled. 

They looked around some more. After spending about twenty minutes browsing they headed to the register. Danielle paid for the toy - she insisted - and they headed back upstairs. Danielle put the toy in her tote so as not to advertise where she'd just shopped. 

"I can't wait to try it," Danielle said.

"Me either," Megan said.

They walked back down L Street toward the dress shop.

"So tell me about your date to the fundraiser," Megan said. "Guy or girl?"

"It's a guy," Danielle laughed. "His name's Jason. He just started in our department; transferred from London. Kinda quiet but always dresses nice. About your height, brown hair."

"Him?" Megan said. "He's very handsome. Did you ask him, or did he ask you?"

"I asked him. He's so shy," Danielle said, almost sympathetically. "I just asked him one day during my lunch break. I told him we'd be going with you and Matt, and he said he can arrange for a limo to take us!"

"That's amazing!" Megan nearly shrieked. "I can't wait!"

They arrived at the dress shop and entered. A middle-aged, well-dressed gentlemen greeted them warmly.

"May I assist you?" he asked with a smile.

"Yes, thank you," Megan said. "We are going to be attending the UNICEF fundraiser in October. It's black tie, and we need something to wear."

"Perfect, the attendant said. "This way."

He showed them all manner of dresses, from elegant and conservative, to short and sexy. After over an hour, Megan and Danielle finally had found their dresses. Megan had chosen a floor-length Carolina blue gown with long lace sleeves. It was high collared, but was sheer below mid-thigh. Danielle had chosen an emerald green gown that had a plunging back and straps that crisscrossed her upper back. 

"It matches your gorgeous eyes," Megan said, caressing Danielle's cheek. "You're going to look amazing. I almost wish I could be your date."

"Me, too," Danielle said. "But then who would Matt go with?"

They laughed and headed up front to pay. After making their big purchases, the attendant placed their dresses into garment bags and handed them to the ladies.

"If you need alterations or anything, please bring them back, and we will take care of you," he said.

As they exited the store, Danielle looked at Megan.

"We probably shouldn't buy lunch," she said. "Three hundred eighty dollars for a dress?"

"Mine was three sixty-five!" Megan said. "The things we do to look good. Let's take the train home. We have sandwiches and stuff there."

"Why don't you come to my place?" Danielle said. "I have stuff for lunch, and I'd like you to see where I live."

"I'd love to!" Megan smiled.

They walked back to the metro station and boarded the Red Line Train heading north towards Shady Grove. They had a few stops before exiting at Van Ness - UDC. Danielle lived right across the street, literally. They crossed the street and took the elevator to the fourth floor. Danielle unlocked the door. She had a cute one-bedroom apartment, and had decorated with some lovely plants, pictures of her family, and cute furniture. It was maybe half the size of her place, but Megan loved it.

"It's so cute!" Megan said. "I love the plants!"

"Thanks!" Danielle said. "It's nowhere near as big as your and Matt's place."

"Oh, it's perfect," Megan said. "I might have to convince Matt to move up here. Now come here."

She pulled Danielle tightly to her and kissed her hard on the mouth. Danielle reached her arms around her girlfriend and held her close. Their lips and tongues played along each other. The women moaned sensually. Danielle pulled her head away.

"What's wrong?" Megan asked.

"Nothing," Danielle smiled. "I just wanted to say that I love you very much."

"And I love you, too, Danielle. I always will. Wanna try out the new toy?"

"I have another idea for that. Matt will like it, too."

Danielle told Megan her idea.

"Holy shit, Matt will LOVE that!" Megan said. "Come to our place for dinner. Then we'll give Matt our big surprise."

Later that evening...

The three had finished dinner. Megan had decided to order Chinese takeout, and she and Danielle had purchased some wine at the liquor store near Danielle's apartment. Danielle helped clear dishes, and the three went to sit on the couch, taking their wine glasses with them. 

"How was your shopping trip ladies?" Matt asked.

"It was...interesting," Danielle smiled.

She and Megan giggled. Obviously Matt had no clue what was so funny. 

"Long story," Megan said. "But we'd like to show you one thing we got."

"Sounds good," Matt said.

"Before we can," Danielle said. "We need to move to the bedroom."

"I like this already," Matt smirked.

"You have no idea what you're in for," Danielle said slyly.

They entered the bedroom. Megan and Danielle crawled seductively onto the bed. 

"Lay down," Megan said, patting the bed. "And get comfy."

Matt did as his wife suggested. He took his shirt and pants off and lay down between the women. Megan and Danielle began to massage his palms. They got up on their knees and moved Matt's hands to their supple breasts.

"You like?" Megan asked.

"Mmm," Matt moaned. "Very much."

"Then you'll really enjoy what we have for you tonight," Danielle said, nodding to Megan.

Without warning, the women grabbed Matt's hands and pulled them back to the bedposts. Matt struggled but to no avail. The women had hidden restraints - courtesy of Danielle - in their pants pockets. The women were fast and efficient; soon Matt's wrists were bound to the bedposts.

"What the hell?" Matt said.

"Just fucking chill," Megan said. "You'll enjoy this, I promise. We have to change. We'll be back in a minute."

The women left the room. Matt heard the second bedroom's door close. He had visions of them staying in there all night, leaving him tied up and helpless. If they even did that...Soon he heard the bedroom door open and heard soft footsteps. When the women entered the room, Matt's jaw nearly dropped.

"You like?" Danielle asked.

Both she and Megan were dressed as schoolgirls. They were each wearing white button-up blouses, through which Matt could see their unfettered breasts. They also were both wearing pleated plaid skirts; Megan's was blue, Danielle's red. They wore white knee-high stockings, each with a colored bow matching their skirt. Megan had her hair in a ponytail; Danielle had braided pigtails.

"We're ready to show you our extra credit project, professor," Danielle said in a seductive voice.

"Why the restraints, ladies?" Matt asked.

"Because," Megan said. "No touching yourself or cumming until we're ready for you to cum."

"Then by all means, ladies, what did you do for your assignment?"

Megan pulled Danielle to her. Both of them looked at Matt, his cock already erect. They giggled, and Megan gently slid her tongue along Danielle's soft red lips. Danielle turned to face Megan and looked longingly into her brown eyes. She opened her mouth to receive Megan's probing tongue. Megan wrapped her arms around Danielle, and their mouths pressed together. Matt groaned slightly as he watched the two schoolgirls make out, locked in an open-mouthed kiss. 

"Very good," Matt said. 

Megan reached down and began to unbutton Danielle's top. She moved her lips to Danielle's neck, gently kissing in a new spot as each button came undone. Danielle gasped a little louder with each button that popped through it's hole. Soon her shirt was open, her lovely perky breasts exposed. Megan slid the shirt off and tossed it onto the bed. Then Danielle went to work on Megan's blouse. She slowly undid each button, sucking harder on Megan's tongue with each button she undid. Soon Megan was moaning into Danielle's mouth. Her shirt soon joined Danielle's on the bed. 

"How are we doing, professor?" Danielle asked shyly.

"Up to a B plus," Matt replied.

"I guess we should show him we really want that A," Megan said. She pulled Danielle's red plaid skirt up to reveal red silk panties. She reached behind Danielle and playfully smacked her ass. Danielle giggled. Megan slid Danielle's panties off. She tossed them at Matt; they landed right around his raging boner.

"Bullseye!" Danielle laughed.

There was a growing wet spot on Matt's boxers. Clearly the show was having the desired effect. Danielle hiked Megan's blue plaid skirt up, revealing blue lacy panties. Matt noticed a bulge in them but said nothing. He had an idea of what it might be. 

"Bend over the bed, facing Matt," Megan commanded.

Danielle did so. Matt saw her sparkling eyes looking up at him. Megan slid her panties off and tossed them aside. She turned around. A blue dildo was protruding from between her legs, but there was no harness.

"It's a strapless dildo," Megan said, noticing the puzzled look on Matt's face. 

"And she's going to fuck me with it," Danielle moaned.

"It this what you bought today?" Matt asked.

"It is," Megan smirked. "Ready to take my cock, Danielle?"

"Always, baby," Danielle gasped. "Watch my girlfriend fuck me, professor."

Megan positioned herself behind Danielle. She grabbed a bottle of lube from her dresser and applied a liberal amount to her dildo. She began to slide it against Danielle's swollen lips. Danielle gasped.

"Fuck, professor, she's teasing my schoolgirl pussy."

"You naughty girls," Matt moaned.

Megan slid the strapon into Danielle. Danielle moaned loudly as Megan entered her tight pussy. 

"Shit!" she exclaimed.

"Yeah, take my cock, Danielle," Megan gasped. 

Megan fucked Danielle nice and slow, finding her rhythm and allowing Danielle to get used to the feel of their new toy. Danielle moaned as Megan slid deeper. Megan could feel the toy hitting her own G-spot. She gasped and began to speed up a little. Danielle's moans grew louder.

"Fuck me, Megan!" she said. "Fuck me with that hard cock!"

"Yeah, you like that, Danielle?" Megan asked.

"Ohhh yes," Danielle moaned loudly.

Megan grabbed Danielle's pigtails and pulled back. Danielle's head went back. She looked into Matt's eyes as Megan continued fucking her hard. Megan began to fuck Danielle as fast as she could. Danielle's eyes rolled back.

"Oh yeah, Danielle. Take it!"

"Fuck me harder, Megan!" Danielle yelled. "Fuck my schoolgirl pussy!"

"Yeah, earn that A!" Matt groaned.

"You better not fucking cum yet," Megan moaned. "Not til we both orgasm."

Danielle bounced back on Megan's cock. Megan loved how it felt. Her toy was now hitting her G-spot hard and fast. Megan could feel herself building. Megan went as deep as she could into Danielle. 

"Oh fuck!" Danielle screamed. 

"You like it deep?" Matt asked.

Danielle looked into his eyes.

"Yes, professor," she moaned loudly. "Harder Megan. I can take it."

Megan pulled Danielle's hair back harder. She fucked Danielle with everything she had. Megan could see Matt's boxers were soaked in precum.

"Close?" she asked him.

"Very," Matt replied.

"Good, us too!" Megan gasped. "Fuck, Danielle! Cum all over my cock!"

"Yes!" Danielle screamed. "Fuck me hard!"

Danielle couldn't take it anymore. 

"I'm cumming!" she screamed.

Megan pulled out, and Danielle's juices gushed all over the bedroom floor and onto Megan's skirt. Megan lost it. She pulled her dildo out and opened her legs. She quivered as she squirted all over the floor. See both women cum pushed Matt over the edge. Danielle watched as his cock began to spasm in his pants. Soon thick hot sperm was soaking through Matt's boxers. Danielle moved to him and took him in her mouth through the boxers. His warm seed sliding down on her tongue. She sucked him until his cock began to go limp. She swallowed his load, loving the taste of him. The three lay there, exhausted.

"I, I never knew using a cock took so much work," Megan gasped. "I have a much greater appreciation for what men do now."

"Did we earn our A, teacher?" Danielle asked.

"You earned an A for the whole year with that project," Matt said. "Now, can you please untie me?"