 Olga's parent owned a café–bar in a small North German town, during the early fifties. A large military camp occupied the land across the road from them and they had made a decent living out of the troops being stationed there.

The camp itself was the HQ for a group of military regiments made up of a mix of regular soldiers and a number of National Servicemen from all walks of life who were completing their compulsory two year conscription before returning to jobs or apprenticeships they had left, or to further education in the colleges and universities.

The headquarters employed a sizeable detachment of army clerical staff who administered the five regiments, a small group of drivers and dispatch riders and representatives of the various trades, and these soldiers were all housed in modern blocks and divided into their various units. A guard room blocked the entrance to the camp and the guards were a mixture of regular soldiers and much younger conscripts who were there to make up numbers.

Olga's parents encouraged the soldiers to patronise their inn when they were off duty and Olga had always been encouraged to dress as provocatively as she dare to make the inn a popular venue and compete with the attractions of the nearby town, but they kept a strict guard on her private movements for they knew she would be in great demand by the visitors from across the road.

Olga was about twenty five years of age and, unknown to her parents, was sexually experienced with both the young men of her own locality as well as with some of the soldiers. She'd had a couple of soldier lovers who had stayed with her until their time in Germany was up, and they'd returned home and were gone from her life but, being the resilient girl she was, she had soon taken up with other young men, for she had a strong desire for sex and couldn't go many days without it. 

The fact was that there were infinitely more sex starved and virile young males within a few yards of her home than she could ever hope to find in the nearby town, and she also realised that they could provide not only strong, fit and lustful bodies, but other goodies that a defeated population rarely saw in the nineteen fifties; cigarettes, chocolate, coffee, clothes and some other foodstuffs and luxuries and, though she didn't consider herself a prostitute, she often made it very plain that the pathway to the heaven between her legs could be explored if there was some gift of these highly desirable commodities and so far, very few people knew of these 'private' arrangements.

Disaster struck when it became common knowledge that the camp was to close down very shortly and all the soldiers moved back to England. Her parents were devastated by the news and Olga, whose activities were not only a secret from others of her age group as well as her family, realised that her life would change and that she would have little chance of finding a good German boy to be her friend or even marry her.

Matters came to a head one night when her mother came to Olga's bedroom one late evening while Olga was engaged in a favourite occupation of hers. Some while back she had realised that her bedroom was above the men's toilets and she had drilled a hole in her floor which gave her an excellent view of the urinal area and, as she often helped clean the toilets, she had brushed away all evidence of her secretly drilled spy hole and made a small plug, painted in the same colour as the toilet ceiling, which could be silently removed to allow her a perfect view of the activities below. 

With such a vantage point she had been able to size up the café's customers and decide who was worth making sexual advances towards and who sported the sort of equipment most likely to satisfy her over heated sexual yearnings.

Her mother actually caught her in the act, as she lay on the floor, her chest supported by a large cushion and her eye glued to the scene below. She was, in fact, naked and had her hand beneath her and was moving it rapidly in the groove of her vagina and almost at the point of climax.

As it turned out she couldn't have stopped her self stimulation had she wanted to, for she had been watching a tall, blonde haired Scotsman, who had the most enormous weapon which he had pulled and fondled while taking a leak and, had become so active as he shook away the excess drops, that it had become half erect, and the thought of such a beauty between her thighs had caused her to overheat and seek immediate relief.

There was such a row as a result of her Mother's discovery that her father beat her quite severely with the result that Olga felt she had nothing more to lose and became determined to take as much pleasure as she could while the soldiers were still around.

After her duties she took to creeping from her home and hanging around the camp at night, watching the soldiers return from their nights out in the town, until she eventually saw the Scotsman she'd been drooling over from the peep hole in her bedroom. 

She approached him, pretending to be asking about another soldier and knew, even before he told her so, that he'd returned home to England.

She feigned disappointment and Alex Mcleash, the Scot, asked her why she wanted to see him and she told him that he'd promised her some cigarettes and coffee which she needed to pay a debt.

He immediately told her to stop crying and not to worry and that he'd get her what she wanted and a little time later had re-emerged from the camp and handed them to her.

"Oh, thank you. You're so good. Where do you want to do it to me?"

"What?" asked Alex.

"The other soldier made me have sex with him, and then he would give me the goods."

"Oh, I see," said Alex, thinking what a lucky sod his erstwhile colleague had been to find such a beauty. 

He looked at her in the light from the camp and saw that she had a lovely face, with sexy and full lips and he noticed that her heavy coat was open so that he was able to observed her swell of her breasts beneath her dress and saw that she had long legs. Her hair was fair and long and, despite that fact that she was a little on the plump side, she was altogether a desirable woman and such a beauty for a young man so far away from home.

"Do you want me?" she asked.

"No... I... yes, I do. You're very beautiful. What's your name?"

"Olga," she said softly, "and what shall I call you?"

"Alex, I'm from Scotland."

"Where do you want me, Alex?" she asked as innocently as she could.

"I don't know. You can't come into the camp. Where did your other friend take you?"

"Through the fence at the back. There's a small opening in the wire and we used to go to boiler room near the mess hall."

"Show me," said Alex, thinking all his Christmas presents had come early.

Later they were together in a small dark boiler room, warmed by the huge stove which fed the heating and cooking systems of the large kitchen, and were busy kissing with some passion against a long, pine table which was used by the boiler men taking a break and a surface to calculate fuel and heating graphs.

She took off her heavy coat and, when Alex saw her rounded body in the light from a nearly full moon that shone through the small window, he breathed a heavy sigh and pulled her to him. They kissed for some time and then Olga warned him that they couldn't stay long as she had to get back to help at the café-bar.

He pulled away and watched as she reached beneath her dress to pull off her briefs and then unbuttoned the neck of her dress until it was loosened all the way down to her waist. He saw her breasts in the yellow light and how her dark nipples were erect and almost edible. He too removed his jacket, loosened his trousers and then, as he touched her breasts for the first time, he felt her soft and very warm hand at the opening of his trousers, making him gasp as she took hold of his penis and freed it from the confines of his underpants.

She moaned as it grew in her hand and, when he lifted his lips from her breast she hitched herself up onto the table, hauled up her dress and spread her legs wide so that he could see the gash of her sex.

She whispered for him to come to her and he moved between her legs excited beyond measure at the way she guided his penis to her own pink opening and worked it up and down her fevered groove, Then, holding her breath, and remembering the length and girth of it, she wondered whether she could cope with such a huge thing.

Alex was careful, for past experience told him that he could hurt someone if he didn't take care and, as the swollen head of his penis entered her wet cunney, he eased himself into her gently and, in a series of deliberate insertions, he was soon fully lodged and waiting for Olga to adjust to the length and thickness of it before she signalled words of encouragement.

Olga was in heaven, for the depth of the penis was exhilarating and she knew that her orgasms to come would be quite memorable. She urged him on with little cries of delight so that, before long, Alex was able to throw all caution to the wind and was soon thrusting away like a man on a desperate mission.

He felt her orgasm at least twice, but kept up his steady pumping until he knew he was on the verge of completion. His great penis began to swell and his thrusts became ragged and so out of sync' that he forgot about everything but the need to ejaculate. He heard Olga cry out in passion, but there was nothing he could do to change his thrusting and he suddenly ejaculated his semen in heavy loads and his spurting thrusts went on and on and on. 

Olga moaned at the sheer depth of his weapon and the power of his ejaculation and simply held on as best she could and, as her own orgasm broke, for now they were locked in a time and a passion that shut off all sense of reality.

Later he fell away from her as sanity broke through and watched as she too relaxed and, when she held out her arms to him, they hugged, like winners at the end of a fantastic race.

The door to the boiler room suddenly shot open and in the doorway stood two soldiers; Sergeant Mick Bolton and Gunner Frank Barnes.

"Well, well, Private Mcleash! And who is that with you? Ah! The charming Fraulein Olga. Up to your old games again, are you? Wasn't the warning we gave you last time you were in here, clear enough?"

"I reckon she'll go to prison for this one, Sarge'," said Frank.

"Please, Mick. Let me go. I won't come again, I promise!"

"That's what you said to Captain Binnes, when you were up in front of him a couple of months back. He told you that you'd be reported to the German Civil Authorities if you were caught here again."

Alex fastened his flies and put on his jacket. He turned to leave, but the sergeant held his arm.

"No you don't, Private. This is a military matter and you have some explaining to do."

"Look, Serge', I've done nothing wrong. Just having a bit of fun in the boiler room, so what's your problem?"

"The problem, Private, is what she's carrying in that bag of hers. Army issue fags, coffee, chocolate. She's not got those from the local shop. They're Army issue, and you know it!"

Alex said nothing, knowing he'd been caught red handed.

"Well?" Sergeant Bolton asked.

"What can I do to make it right, Serge'?"

"If you can keep your mouth shut, get lost and forget you were ever here or that you even know Olga, I'll see you're not involved. But, one word out of you and you'll be on a charge and off to Colchester Prison and your feet won't touch! Do I make myself clear, Private?"

"As day, Serge," said Alex and, with a guilty glance at Olga standing miserably by the table, he turned to go. "What if she's asked who brought her in here, or gave her the contraband?" 

"You'll just have to hope that we can persuade her to keep quite, won't you?"

He suddenly understood, and looked at her again, and felt an enormous sense of sympathy for her, knowing just what a price she might be asked to pay for their silence and, at the same time, feeling something of a coward. But, powerless to change the course of events, he left, closing the door behind him and walked back to his barrack room in the deep darkness. He suddenly felt the first drops of rain and, as the downpour increased, he hurried for the warmth of his own bed.

Back in the small boiler room, Gunner Frank Barnes was busy pinning a heavy grey blanket over the small window and once it was in place he blinked as a match was struck and two candles suddenly blossomed into light. He looked over at Olga who stood trembling against the table.

"Can I go now?" she asked. "I won't say a word and I promise I won't come into the camp again."

Sgt. Mick Bolton grinned at her and suddenly grasped her right breast,

"Not yet. There's a little matter of what it's worth to me and Frank here if we were to let you go. Nothing's for nothing in this world, Olga, as you well know. You gave yourself to Alex for some cigarettes and coffee and chocolate so, what are you going to do for me and Frank for letting you go free? Why should we take the risk of not reporting you to the authorities? We'd be in serious trouble if we let you go, wouldn't we?"

"What do you want?" she asked, suddenly afraid, and knowing quite well what they wanted from her, for it was what they all wanted, and she resigned herself to the inevitable and hoped they wouldn't hurt her or keep her too long.

She looked at their faces and saw no lack of resolve, so she moved forward and pulled Sgt. Bolton towards her and kissed him, pressing her body into his and moaning to encourage his response.

"Will this help for you to let me go and keep quiet?" she asked.

"You'll need to see to both of us," he said.

"Of course. I understand that."

" Okay Frank?" asked Mick.

"Sure," he replied licking his lips.

"But you promise I can go and no more will be said if I let you both have sex with me?"

"You've got a deal, Fraulein."

She unfastened the remaining buttons of her dress and, as she hadn't had time to put her briefs back on, she stood before them, in the flickering candle light, completely naked. 

Mick and Frank stared at her lovely form. Her breasts were large, firm and high and their nipples jutted like small nuts from their deeply coloured aureole, for the air still had a chill to it.

Sgt. Mick, a short, but well made and physically strong man, pulled her to him and kissed her hard and, as his hand moved over her breasts and squeezed the ample fruit, he thrust his hips at her.

"Right, Frank," he said, "Sergeants before Gunners. I'll take first shot while you watch for any signs of us being disturbed, then I'll be look out for you. Agreed?"

"Sure enough, but leave some for me, remember she's already taken that Alex bloke up her, and I don't fancy a soaking rag doll when it comes to my turn!" 

He turned and lifted one corner of the blanket covering the window and peered outside into the driving rain.

"Nobody's going to come near here now, it's belting it down outside."

"Well turn away and keep your eyes peeled, I don't want you watching us, it'll put me off my stroke!" he said with a grin.

Sgt. Mick then pushed Olga to her knees and she hurriedly unfastened the buttons of his trousers. When he'd stepped out of them she pulled down his underpants and, as his weapon sprang free, she looked at it with admiration for, though it was not too long, it was very thick in circumference and she knew she would enjoy such a penis inside her.

She grasped it and began to fondle it, sliding her tongue over the deeply reddened head and nibbled at the underside of the shaft with relish. Mick enjoyed the sensation she was creating and the feel of her hands and tongue, but he suddenly pushed her head away, not wanting to waste the fruits of his climax on the floor of the room and, taking a handful of her hair, he made her stand.

She moved back, sashaying her hips as he watched and then she sat over the edge of the table and parted her thighs. He moved in on her and stood between her legs and used his finger to delve between her pussy lips and then pushed it inside her, feeling the remains of Alex's semen and hearing her moan in passion at the sensation.

"Don't keep me waiting Sergeant! Olga is ready for you."

He pushed her back so that she lay across the width of the table and, without further preliminaries, pushed his cock inside and, with a series thrusts, he was all the way in. She cried out softly as he filled her love channel and, when he began to jerk himself backwards and forwards, she took up his rhythm and began to squeeze her vaginal muscles as he moved deeper and quicker.

He kept breaking off, delaying the urge to let go and fill her, for he wanted the sensation to last but, all too soon his brow was furrowed and his breathing came in short gasps, and the effort to gain control became more and more difficult.

He leaned forward and suckled on one of her nipples causing Olga to stop her own play acting and actually enjoy the sensation of being serviced by such a fit and well equipped stranger, for now it was no longer a trade, a payment for her earlier indiscretions, she was enjoying the situation and wanted him to use her as he wished.

He suddenly moaned as if in a cry of surrender and warned her that he was on the very edge and she too was there and squeezed her thighs moaning,

"Please, Mick! Let it go! I want it all in me. Now!!" 

"Oh, my God!" he cried. "Do it!!" and he felt his semen burst out as he ejaculated inside her in short, pulsating bursts and, when he was done, he felt her internal muscles contract in a series of rapid squeezes, drawing everything from within him. 

Later, when they were both still, she felt his penis gradually soften and, as he pulled away from her, it plopped out wetly.

Olga sat up and used her briefs and a rag from beside the boiler to mop up the excess of semen which was threatening to run down her thighs and she took a deep breath, glad of the respite and forgetting for the moment that she still had another soldier to satisfy. 

When she looked towards the window she saw him gazing at her with raw excitement and, with his huge hand, he was squeezing and fondling the obvious bulge in his trousers.

Sergeant Mick pushed his shirt down and pulled on his trousers, fussing with the belt and the creases with the instinctive action of any professional, military man. He looked at Olga and smiled for he had enjoyed the encounter and the feeling of power he'd had over her, for at home his wife was something of a shrew and he always needed to tread very carefully, both in and out of bed, for he knew the cruel sharpness of her tongue at any sign of weakness.

"Must be off, Frank. She's all yours now. The wife will give me hell if I'm much later. Don't worry, no one will come here and it's still raining, so you'll be okay."

"Thanks for nothing, Sergeant," said Gunner Barnes. "You're okay Jack, I suppose?"

"No, not at all. You have yourself a good time. What's the matter with you? She's naked and willing and yours till you've had your fill so enjoy it Gunner. There's plenty who'd change places with you right now!"

Olga listening to the exchange worried about their deal and broke in,

"What about me? Can I go home now? You will keep your promise won't you?"

"If you do your best to please young Frank here, you can go home, the way you came in mind, but if you're caught you're on your own and we'll finger you and Private Mcleash, and you'll go to prison, I promise you that." 

He turned and nodded to his partner.

"Get in there Frank. Enjoy yourself. Make her earn her freedom. You can't lose, boy!"

He turned, and opened the door a crack and the noise of the heavy rain filled the boiler room and the candles flickered and nearly gutted. Then he was gone and the door closed behind him and the two were left alone.
