 This is the 5th installment of the story of how Connor became roommates with 7 college sluts. This chapter could stand alone but serves to set the scene and explain some of the interaction between the girls. Hope you enjoy.

XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxX

Sarah and Nina were sitting on the couch, enjoying their sunday morning. The sun shined in the windows of their suite common room, which was not typical for a Ballywood University winter morning. The room was calm compared to the chaos that was their fuckfest that took place in the same room the night before. 

A knock came at the aluminum door to their suite. The girls quickly looked at each other in excitement. They had been waiting all morning for Nina's long term fuck buddy, Pete to come by for a round of fun with the girls. Both girls were incredibly horny after their shower together where they got themselves warmed up a bit. Nina had clued Pete in that he was going to be helping her with a friend but he did not know exactly what he was getting into. 

Nina got up off the couch to answer the door. The short, tan, black haired, italian woman had a way of looking sexy even in her casual lounge wear. Her black hair was up in a messy bun, she wore a sweatshirt dress that was slightly baggy yet could not hide her curves, and long knit socks that came up to her mid thigh. Her comfy dress was even more sexual due to being so short that if she bent over, she gave a clear view of her pussy from behind. 

Nina adjusted her dress, and opened the door.

"Oh well helllooooo Petey!"

"What's up lil' Neens?" Pete greeted as he gave Nina a kiss on the forehead.

"Not much dude. Just catching up on some Grey's Anatomy and having a lazy Sunday morning! Have you ever met my roommate Sarah?" 

Sarah was minorly confused at how casual and friendly the two were but she did not let it show. She stood up to to shake Pete's hand and introduce herself. 

"Hi, I'm Sarah! I have heard plenty about you from Nina and Brianna." Sarah introduced herself with a big smile and a cute but flirty tone.

Pete looked Sarah up and down with no shame in his blatant blue eyed stare. She too was in her lounging clothes but these were much less modest than Nina's. Her auburn hair too was up, but in a well groomed pony tail loosely pulled back. Sarah wore a thin, tight fitting, pink cropped camisole with with no padding causing the nipples of her small tits to be easily seen. Her cropped shirt revealed her toned stomach and sparkly belly ring. Her lower stomach was further revealed by her rolled down grey sofi shorts and pulled up to give her a bit of cameltoe. 

Pete disregarded her outstretched hand and gave her a hug rather than a handshake as he said hello. Pete was not very tall standing at about 5'9", but he had built shoulders and absolutely no body fat. You could feel his skill as a wrestler in his hug as he had pulled Sarah in tight. One of the reasons Pete made for such a good lover was his wrestling skills that made him a bit rough and very well in control. 

"I hope they didn't talk too much shit about me." Pete said with a bit of a smirk.

"Well Brianna said you chokehold like a girl but that was about it" Sarah poked at him.

"Bri is a bit feisty now isn't she." Pete joked as the three laughed a bit together.

"Have you eaten yet? I was going to make a few pancakes for breakfast!" Nina said happily.

"I could definitely go for some pancakes. I need to fill up the tank!" 

"Ok we will get started big guy." Nina said as she motioned for Sarah to come to the kitchen with her. 

The two girls whipped up some breakfast as they chatted and let Sarah and Pete get more comfortable together. They clicked very easily and did not take more than 15 minutes to start getting a bit handsy with each other. 

"Do you think I should flip it yet?" Sarah asked.

"Can't you can't figure out when to flip a pancake?" Nina teased as she cleaned out the mixing bowl. 

"Ugh shut up! Pete! Come here and look at this. Maybe you can ACTUALLY give me some help." Sarah said while giving a side glare to Nina. 

"Alright let's see if the master chef can help you out." Pete said with bravado.

"Master microwaver at best!" Nina chirped.

"Sarah apparently appreciates my skills. I'll just deal with her then." Pete said as he approached Sarah from behind and slid his hands around her bare belly from the sides to the front. 

"I think they look perfect! Give them a good flip." Pete said into Sarah's ear. While she continued her cooking, Pete used his right hand to rub her lower belly and work up to play with her belly ring between his index finger and thumb. His left hand delayed at her side and then worked down lower on her belly to her exposed upper pussy. Her shorts were rolled well below her hip bones only an inch or two above her pussy. His fingers worked into the waistband and worked down to her pussy lips. 

"This is going to be so tasty. I can't wait to eat." Pete said out loud but clearly directed at Sarah. Sarah said nothing but grinder her hips up and down on Pete's crotch, feeling a rising hardon underneath. 

"I guess you really like pancakes." Sarah said back to him with a slight moan. 

"I just like to eat." Pete said back right in her ear followed by beginning to suck on the side over her neck like a vampire. 

Nina turned around to be caught off guard! "Woah! You too are getting started earlier than I expected. But I love it. Now stop cooking and take this to the common room. I'll finish the pancakes."

Without any further ado, Sarah dropped the spatula and Pete swept her off her feet to head to the sofa. Within seconds, she had ripped Pete's shirt off. He pounced on top of Sarah and roamed seemingly every inch of her barely covered body with his strong hands. Sarah ran her hands over his prickly blonde buzz cut as he shifted down from her kiss to taste the rest of her. His lips easily found her erect nipple through her shirt. he didn't even bother to take it off to begin sucking. The camisole was so thin that it did not impede her pleasure, but took the edge off, creating a bit of a tease. 

Sarah's nipples ware rather sensitive and drove her wild. Playing with her nipples had a strong tendency to make her extremely wet. The feeling of her wet top on her sensitive skin was warm and moist even as Pete changed to her left nipple. The sensations were causing a more exciting reaction in her pussy where her wetness was becoming evident though a darkened spot on her grey sofi shorts. Sarah began to let out light moans to convey her pleasure as Pete continued to suckle. He was clearly in no rush to move away, and she was definitely not complaining. 

Pete eased off of her nipples and repositioned himself so that his cock was directed at her wet cunt. He looked down to see the outline of her pussy lips much more clearly now that her soaked shorts had ridden further up her slit. Pete's cock was also beginning to make an appearance through his soft Nike dri-fit shorts. He lowered himself and placed one of his meaty hands around her throat before leaning in to let their lips meet again. 

Pete increased his grip lightly to test the waters and see how Sarah would react to some light choking. Part of what both Nina and Brianna enjoyed about Pete was his skillfully rough sex. He had a way of being so forceful yet so gentle. 

The choking began to get Sarah even more excited, causing her to dry hump her pussy against Pete's hardening cock as they continued their kiss. The two of them were lost in the moment and clearly unaware of the world around as they let out unbridaled grunts and moans, indicative of their level of pleasure. Sarah's abdominal muscles rhythmically contracted and relaxed as she bucked under Pete's powerful hold. 

Pete removed his hand from Sarah's throat and reached down to her shorts. He ran his fingers along the wet fabric that covered her dripping pussy. His deep kiss kept her moans at a semi private level as he started to vigorously rub her fat pussy over he clit. Pete knew he would not let her come close to an orgasm yet so he repeatedly changed his pace. Never keeping his pressure for too long as to let her get a build up. 

Pete took his hand away for a second to let Sarah calm down a bit after a quick and forceful rub. She began to pant like a little puppy dog and tried to grab at his overly muscular arm to let him know she wanted more. Pete did not release his grip from her ass while she bitched, but he did return his mouth to her nipple allowing her to moan louder. 

After each nipple was given ample attention, Pete slid his body down the couch carefully licking the trail from the middle of Sarah's cleavage, down her shirt, to her soft abdomen. His index fingers caught the inside of her waistband, pulling her shorts down to reveal her ripe, hairless pussy. He got a whiff of her sweet musk further enticing him. As her shorts reached her ankles, he kissed the inside of her thighs down to her feet where he stopped to suck her toes for a short second. 

Pete used both hands to grab her ankles and spread her legs wide, slightly opening her labia, now blatantly shining with her fluids. Pete dove in face first, taking a big open tongue lick from her puckered asshole, up through her pussy folds and past her clit. He continued all the way up to where he had started between her breasts. He returned to kissing her reach around and started to remove her camisole, to render her fully naked. 

When their kiss parted to remove the top, Pete quickly moved back down to her waiting pussy and headed right to sucking her clit. Sarah let out her loudest moan yet as she arched her back to its max. 

"Fuck that feels so good, don't stop sucking like that, you're going to make me cum. Fuck! This feels crazy!" Sarah gasped as she was clearly lost in her sensations. 

Pete continued until he could feel Sarah's muscles indicate the coming orgasm, when he pulled away and started kissing her inner thighs. 

"Oh my god! I'm right there, please, go back, please, fuck, go back, ugh fuck!" Sarah panted in the absence of his stimulation. Pete waited a few more seconds to ensure that she came down a bit before getting her more riled up. She gently gyrated her hips almost as to try and find something though grind on. 

Pete restarted slowly by licking her pussy lips as more of a tease. After a few gentle strokes, he returned to sucking on her rock hard clit with his tongue flicking the head behind his lips. It took no time for Sarah to to be fully writhing again and close to orgasm when Pete pulled away. 

"You dick!" Sarah said panting, "What is this bullshit?" Her hand quickly dove down to her pussy to finish the job. She started to violently rub her clit side to side when Pete intervened again, grabbing her hand. In one swift motion he rolled under her and had put her in some form of a full Nelson. 

"Hey! HEY!! What the fuck are you doing? I want to cum? Jeeezzzzzzzzzzzz! Let me go you prick!" Sarah yelled as she tried to wiggle out of his strong hold. 

Like the villain in a cheesy movie, Nina walked in the room with huge smirk on her faces. She stopped in front of the couch and stood with arms crossed and weight on one leg to sassily push her hip out. 

"Ready for training?" Nina said in a tone to match her smirk.

"Fuuuccckkkk Ninaaaa I just want to play with himmmmmmm"

"You'll have plenty of time to play once we start to get you broken in"

"Fuckkkkk just let me cummmm then you can mess with my ass all you want."

"Nope! That's not how this works. Good work Petey! Keep her still."

Pete had also locked up Sarah's legs using his own, keeping them spread wide apart. Her wet pussy on full display to Nina, who had her eyes set on the beautiful target. Nina lowered her head to Sarah's pussy and wasted no time with directing her attention to Sarah's clit. Sarah tensed and squirmed against Pete's hold as the sensations racked her body. Once again, Nina stopped her pleasuring just short of letting Sarah cum. 

Sarah was between panting and moaning, clearly in an uncomfortable state of arousal. Nina repeated her licking one more time just for good measure. She had Sarah right where she wanted her.

Upon edging her once again, Nina began to circle the beautiful rim of Sarah's asshole, taking turns to dip her fingers in her wet pussy to spread the lubrication throughout the area. She spat a few times at Sarah's asshole and finally took the plunge.

"ah, aH, AH, AHH AHHHHHHHH fuck, GAHHH FUCCCKKKKKK" Sarah progressively squealed as Nina sunk 2 of her small fingers into Sarah's tight asshole. Sarah's body spasms tested Pete's grip as she uncontrollably convulsed. Her orgasm had not quite unleashed but the new sensation of fingers in her ass was bringing on some sort of new reaction. 

Nina began to work her fingers in and out of the tight hole. She sported a cocky grin as Sarah continued to moan and squirm in pleasure. She curled her fingers up toward Sarah's g-spot causing a louder scream. 

Nina suddenly stopped and hopped up to run toward her bed room. She ran in quickly, ignoring Brianna's ongoing fuckest that was typical of a weekend day. Well, it wasn't out of the ordinary for it to be anytime, but back to business. Nina opened her Rubbermaid organizer under her bed that housed her sex supplies including, but not limited to: lube, dildos, strapons, clit suckers, handcuffs, and a few other surprises. She grabbed the lube as well as her smallest vibrating dildo and ran back to the main room.

Sarah was still restrained by Pete and was wiggling her hips as this was the only body part not constrained by Pete's hold. Nina kneeled down, squirted a dollop of lube on her fingers and replaced them into Sarah's asshole, making sure to get every nook and cranny well lubricated. Nina kept her fingers moving in Sarah's ass while she returned to giving her clit a few licks and suckles, stopping just before Sarah got too riled up. 

Nina removed herself and grabbed the 4" pink dildo, fumbling a bit while trying to turn on the vibrator due to the lube all over her hand. The dildo was the perfect precursor to Pete. Pete was built perfectly to break a girl into anal. His cock was a hair under 6 inches and maybe a bit thicker than a normal 6 inch cock, but not out of proportion. Nina was typically a bit of a size queen, but Pete had her number. Between his ability to dominate her physically and his god like stamina, Pete had become one of Nina's favorite fuck buddies. 

Nina set the slippery dildo to the high vibration setting and placed the tip at Sarah's well lubed asshole. Sarah's breathing and moaning picked up a bit just from the contact. Nina then pushed the dildo in causing a loud gasp and a visible contraction of Sarah's pelvic floor and thighs. Sarah went quiet for a quick second and abruptly her pelvis began to make small convulsions in conjunctions with her legs shaking. Nina new what was coming.

Nina put her hand at the end of the dildo knowing that the impending orgasm would try and force the vibrator out. Before Sarah's orgasm could kick into full gear, Nina returned her lips to sucking Sarah's clit taking her right over the edge. 

The scream was loud and almost worrisome. Nina did not back off and neither did Sarah's orgasm. For the next minute Sarah screamed, bucked, convulsed, and spammed in absolute pleasure, unlike any pleasure she had experienced before. 

Brianna appeared out of her room in the full nude, "Are you.." she paused as she was now able to see the entirety of the situation. She had been in this same position only 4 months earlier, only the second week of school. "Ah, I see." She said slightly disheartened. After Nina had introduced her to Pete, Brianna spent almost an entire week fucking Pete any chance that she got, and had developed a bit of a crush. Pete clearly had no interest, and it hurt her to know that she had no chance of being in a relationship with him. She had been his good little slut and gave him everything she could sexually, including a day of fucking him and his roommate upon his request. He still showed no interest aside from the casual hook up. It all worked out when she met her now boyfriend only a few weeks later, but what could have been still bothered her. 

As Brianna headed back to her room, Sarah's orgasm had slowed. Nina stopped her onslaught and Pete released his hold. Sarah moaned, "fuck (breath) fuck (breath) fuck (breath)" as she continued to breath hard to recover. 

As she gained her whits, she sat up and ran her hands through her hair in a state of being overwhelmed. She paused for a second and looked up at Nina with an aggressively aroused look, then pounced forward on her. Sarah pinned Nina to the ground and began to kiss her violently, tasting her cum that coated Nina's face. 

Sarah was on all fours with her asshole pointed up in the air, pink sparkly vibrator still in place. Pete figured this was a good time to get undressed and try to join in on the action. Sarah moved her hips as her abs contracted rhythmically. She was clearly squeezing the vibrator with her asshole as the vibrations continued her pleasure. 

Pete got on his knees behind Sarah. The girls seemed to not even notice he was there at the moment as he positioned himself behind Sarah. He grabbed the end of the vibrator and pulled to remove it from Sarah's ass. There was a minor resistance as her muscles gripped the dildo, and then it came free, to reveal a slightly gaped asshole. He tossed the dildo aside and gripped both of her meaty ass cheeks. 

Pete's cock needed no preparation, standing at full attention and pointed at her asshole while he massaged her cheeks. His cock was incredibly veiny, as was the rest of his ripped body when he cut weight and water to make his weight class in wrestling. There was not a hair to be found from is balls up to his chest, further accentuating the deep muscle cuts of his lower abdomen creating a V pointing to his cock. 

He grabbed the sides of Sarah's hips and closed the gap between them. Grabbing the base of his cock, Pete nudged her asshole with the tip and pushed to take Sarah's anal virginity. 

Sarah arched her back and neck to break her kiss. 

"Ohhhh Pete, oh its... its.. its... fuuuucckkk" Sarah couldn't even get all of her words out as Pete gently eased in and out of her ass, being careful to only start with the first half of his cock. Nina was smiling up at Sarah though Sarah was lost in a world of pleasure and new sensation with her eyes closed. Nina was proud that she had prepped her asshole well enough that the initial penetration was not painful for her. Facilitating such deviant sexual behavior turned her on so much. She knew today was not about her, and that her needs would be on hold until later. 

Pete continued to ease in and out of her asshole, going slightly deeper with each stroke, until his balls touched her pussy lips. When his cock hit its deepest point, Sarah's face lit up and she gave a cute, aroused giggle. The new sensations were wonderful for her and her face showed it. A new anal slut was born. 

Sarah returned to kissing Nina as Pete shifted from letting Sarah adjust, to fucking her with the intent of pleasuring. He was a natural with excellent control of his hips, not only pumping in and out, but grinding in circles and manipulating her insides from multiple angles. Pete did not increase his pace from an intimate grinding of his cock into her asshole, causing Sarah's pleasure to build slowly, not giving in to either of their desires to rush to a finish. She ground her hips back into his thrusts as her pleasure built and built, kissing Nina more passionately to match. Her body started to twitch with pleasure, as her first anal orgasm from fucking began. A sensation in her belly, deeper than she had ever felt, caused her to squeeze Pete's cock repeatedly. She moaned into Nina's kiss in a pattern consistent with her spasms. 
