 This job keeps you coming to this stinking airport. But at least you know I have a room waiting for us.

Tonight you're in the bar drinking your g&t's. You're in a suit as usual, but your blouse is straining against your tits. You've worn the cutout bra this trip. It wasn't a problem today, because you kept your jacket closed, and buttoned. No one ever knows you didn't have any underwear on. Nor did they know you were wearing a garter belt and not panty hose. Fools!

I see you in the bar. But tonight I'm in a naughty mood. I'm with a colleague of mine. We go way back. There's always that bond between the "good ole boys". I come over to you.

We're going to have fun tonight. So play along, I say. You're on your second drink, so your horny as hell. Go for it, you answer.

I go and talk to my friend and ask if he'd like to have a turn with you. He gets one of those shit-eating grins on his face. He starts to head over. "Not so fast" I say. That will be $20 just to see if she "feels" right to you. I pocket the $20.

He walks over. Your leaning against the wall with one foot up on the bar stool. He moves in front of you, blocking you from the rest of the room. Then he slips a finger up under your skirt and into your pussy. Then two. Now he wants his moneys worth and goes for three. You start to rub against his hand.

I come over and tell him he's used up his $20. We head up to the room. In the room, I tell him it's another $100. He quickly forks it over. You put on music and Slowly undress for him, still having not said a word. You move to undress him.

From my chair I watch you slowly you unbutton his shirt, running your tongue over his nipples, you drop to your knees in front of him and undo his belt. Unzipping his pants you pull them down. He's not wearing underwear and you can see you've already had an effect on him. You take his member into your hands, and then you cup his balls as you glide your mouth slowly down his shaft. He slowly starts to pump your mouth; you grab his asscheeks and drive him deep into your mouth. 

Knowing that he's going to want a wet cunt to stick his dick into, I lay on the floor, between your knees; you lower your pussy to my face. Your hips begin rocking in rhythm with my friend's pumping of your mouth. My tongue is licking between the folds of your pussy, up to the clit then back to your hole. Looking up I see my friends dick go deep into your mouth, your tongue darts out to lick his balls. You are total wet, moisture dripping out of your cunt. He is done with your mouth for now, he wants your pussy.

I slide out from underneath you, he spins you around. Grabbing his cock he slides it into your cunt in one slow motion, your pussy contracts gripping his cock like a hand in a glove. He begins his slow pumping of your pussy, long deep strokes which bring moisture to your lips. He says he wants to see you suck cock, so I remove my clothes, kneeling before you I put my dick into your mouth. You run your tongue over the shaft, taking it in all the way. I grab your head and start to pump your mouth, we are pumping in at the same time, and you are being sandwiched by to cocks driving into you at the same time. I pull my cock out of your mouth and slide underneath you. I see his cock pumping your cunt. You put my cock back into your mouth, taking it all in. I put my tongue on your clit, his cock just inches from my tongue. You can't handle it and start convulsing with pleasure. Your throbbing pussy starts to make his dick quake, he pulls out and shoots a load all over your back, seeing this is to much for me and I shoot my load deep into your mouth.

I pull my cock from your mouth; cum runs down your cheek, my friend wants more for his $100. I spin around and put my cock into your cunt. I grab your ass and spread your cheeks, offering him your asshole. He puts the head of his dick up to your hole and begins to insert it. You scream a little from pleasure a little from pain, but he's not stopping, slowly he inserts his cock all the way in. I can feel it from inside your cunt. You ask him to stop but he offers me another fifty, so I tell him to go for it. Your pussy juices are flowing out of your cunt, you put your mouth on mine, the taste of my cum still inside, and shove your tongue deep into my mouth. 

The two cocks filling your hole, driving you wild. Your fingernails dig into my back; you don't know if its pleasure or pain but you like it. He says he's about to cum. he pulls out, keeping me inside you, you get on your knees; he grabs your head and rams his cock into your mouth. Pumping your mouth his dick explodes inside your mouth, he keeps pumping cum oozes around his dick and runs down your chin.

Watching this I begin to get extremely turn on to where I can no longer hold it and I exploded into your cunt. Pussy juice and cum mixture run down your thigh's. I pull out; you lay on the floor covered with cum and pussy juice. My friend gets dressed and hands me another $50. "Thanks" he says, "she was great, hope she's available next time I'm in town." He leaves, still laying on the floor, I come over to you, reaching down I rub my hand over your still wet pussy, grabbing a handful of juice I bring my fingers to your mouth, you suck the juice from each one. Then I put my cock on your lips and tell you if you want the $150, you'll have to make me cum again...