 And so it continued for the next twenty years; Richard and I had such fun times together! We were constantly surprising each other with creative avenues toward pleasure. So many of our sexual encounters would make for very erotic reading (wouldn't you just love to hear the details,) but then this book would be thousands of pages long...HaHa! That incident with Megan and Tim was as close as we ever had gotten to group sex, but that is not to say that we didn't do some very erotic things. On the contrary, what would you call it if one time we had sex in the fitting room at J.C. Penney's? And what else would you think if I told you that we let the woman in the next changing room over listen and watch? I just love that story; perhaps I'll tell it sometime! 

But then there was the day that we videotaped ourselves. That in itself is not particularly different; a lot of couples do that. Two things were terrifically different and exciting: the first one was on this video we tried anal for the first time (which started our fucking off in a whole new direction entirely;) and the second was that Richard took the video to work and lent it to someone to watch...Oh, My GOD! He adamantly refused to tell me to whom he lent it, only saying that I would find out "when the time is right!" Well, it turned out to be six months later.

It was one of those nights when I was so very horny, and don't anyone laugh! I was so aroused it was off my usual scale. Richard had called to say he would be his Wednesday night late, so this gave me time to make a great dinner and set up some atmosphere. I took a bath and put on some tight jeans and one of his favorite t-shirts which featured a plunging neckline. Candles were lit on the table, and there was a Sinatra CD playing for him in the background (even though I hate Frank Sinatra.)

When he walked in the door, I held him close and kissed him softly but insistently. He knew me so well. "Wow, Babe, you're in one of those moods, huh?"

"You fuckin' know it, Dickie," I giggled. Do you want dinner first or me first...because you're gonna get both!"

He laughed, "I think I want to eat first." Then he winked, "Dinner, I mean!" 

"Ha! Well, I'm dessert!" and I led him over to the table.

I had taken the time to make his favorite spinach Stracciatella soup, lasagna, and garlic bread. After all, I wanted him fed, rested, and in a good mood for the sex I craved. All day long I dreamt about riding him reverse cowgirl so there would be a good angle for me to play with my clit. Richard would reach around from behind and slap the sides of my boobs just enough to make them bounce together. He so knew where to touch me now, and he was a master at recognizing the signs of when I was about to cum. Depending on the position we were in, he would either grab my nipples roughly or suck them hard. When I came...it was so good that I would scream! The cowgirl position was also one of the those that would make me cum multiple times.

All of this was swimming around in my head while I watched him finish his food. I didn't really want to eat...yet! So just to keep us "on course," I said to him, "So...Dickie, you didn't by any chance have any fantasies today; did you?"

"Funny you should mention that, Sweetheart, because I actually did have something amazing happen to me at lunch."

I smiled at him thinking this might be good! But my coy return was, "Amazing how? Amazing, 'Oh my God in Heaven amazing?' Or amazing, 'Wow, that was a surprise amazing'?"

Richard's grin got bigger, "I think it was more 'rip your panties off' amazing!"

My hand flew to my mouth and covered it; this was going to be one of those "something different" moments that I described at the beginning of this chapter. "Okay," I said as my eyes narrowed at him, "you have my attention!"

"God, I love it when you look at me like that...anyway, going out on the road for one week a month I've gotten to know some of the area supervisors pretty well. About eight months ago I was having lunch with the guy up in Gainesville. His name is Jack Ripley."

"Sounds too much like 'Jack the Ripley-er'," I interrupted with a giggle.

"Now that's funny," he said with a smirk, "seems to me Jack said he's only been the butt of that joke about a million times!" THEN...Richard laughed, "I said it to him myself once!" He got a slap on the arm!

"So what happened with Mr. Jack, Honey?" 

"We got to talking and he kind of 'unloaded' on me."

"Why would he unload on you?"

"Well, after working with him for the last year, we've gotten to know each other pretty good. I kinda took him under my wing because six months before that he lost his wife to cancer. He's sixty years old; his kids are grown, and I wanted to keep him on track until he retired cuz he's a good guy and it wouldn't do for a distraction like that to disrupt a smooth retirement."

"You're such a sweetie, Babe! But what does all this have to do with 'rip my panties off amazing' sex?"

"I'm getting to that. We were talking about the adjustment of having been married for thirty-six years and now being single. Jack admitted that one of the biggest adjustments was that he and his wife fucked a lot, and now for the last eighteen months or so...Pffft...nada... zip!...nothing!"

"Wow!" I said out loud. "Not even masturbation?"

"Not hardly, I guess. I carefully hinted at that by saying 'no sex of ANY kind'? And he said he couldn't remember the last time he had an orgasm!"

"Ohh Goddd," I said whisper soft, "I can't even imagine that!"

"Me neither." Richard was smiling, almost chuckling.

"What are you laughing at, silly...this is sad!"

"Yes, it is...but it's going to get so good in a second!"

I was a bit confused when I said, "How?" 

"Honey, who do you think I gave the videotape to? Can you guess?"

"OH MY GODDD!" I yelled at him, "You did WHAT? Why did you do that?" That asshole was so laughing at me! He was almost falling off his chair laughing. "What is your problem?" I was pretty angry now, mostly because he was laughing and I couldn't see the joke.

When Richard finally regained a little composure, he said, "Renny, why do you think I gave it to him? Think carefully...why?"

"To masturbate to, of course...why else?"

"No way, Babe, porn can do that...think again!" 

The big Dick was grinning at me; what was he thinking? I sat there and pondered. Hmm...wife died, kids grown, amazing rip-my-panties sex, the asshole is laughing hysterically, ummm...and then a thought occurred to me, "You want me to have sex with him and break him in again?" 

"That's close; but no. Think again!" Richard tilted his head in a very provocative manner; his eyebrows cocked and his eyes were wide open!

"Oh, MY GODDDDDD! A threesome?"

"Bingo! Give the little lady first prize!"

"Ohh Babbyyy!" I was surprised, but not shocked. Logically, this was just like Richard; he always came up with something, but this was twenty years in the making. I couldn't help but shiver as an erotic chill coursed through my body. "So really...you gave him the tape to check us out?"

"Yep, I already checked HIM out...and I'm certain you'll like him. He wanted to check YOU out!"

"Yes, but you could have just invited him to dinner and he could do the checking."

Richard put on his "face-of-wisdom," "I know I could have...but actually I wanted him to get his hormones cranking a bit before meeting you!"

I giggled at that idea, "Hon, if he hasn't had an orgasm for over a year, maybe all his organs have shut down!"

Dickie barked with laughter, "Babe, he's a guy; he ain't dead; he was talking about his sex life with me so he's still interested. Don't worry...I gave him the video six months ago so he's ready!"

"He's ready? What does that mean?"

Richard took me and held me in his arms; kissing the top of my head he whispered, "I invited him over for the weekend!"

I went weak in the knees!

Needless to say, we had some great sex that evening. I got my reverse cowgirl and came three times! But when we turned it over into a doggie ass-fuck, I had this incredible visual of an unfamiliar cock fucking my mouth while Dick's dick was working deep in my ass! Fuckkkk!! That orgasm was the best one of the night! 

The next morning, as Richard was going out the door, he handed me a photo. "That's Jack; he looks pretty good there, right?"

Oh Yes, he certainly did! Considering this was only an upper body picture, Jack Ripley was every bit the hunk that Richard was; salt and pepper hair, brown eyes, playful smile. "Whose body is better; yours or his?" I teased.

"You really want me to answer that, you little cock-hound?" I licked my lips and Richard smirked, "Bet you can't wait to find out!"

"I'm more interested in something else."

"And what is that?"

"Are you completely prepared to watch another man fuck me?" I shivered as I said the words, and Dick saw it.

"Oh yeahhh, Babyyy!" he slurred, "I'm gonna love watching you take his dick!" This time a violent tremor raked my nerves; and Richard said, "Get ready, my Love, there's going to be a whole different level of fun this weekend!" 

"Honey? What should I wear for the evening?"

Richard broke up laughing and left.

The next two days were kind of a blur. Jack was going to show up for dinner and when I woke up that morning, it was clear to me that my nerves were not in any condition to cook, even after I'd spent two hours at the store planning the menu. So I placed a quick call to my catering friend Marilyn and was relieved to hear that she was available that night. I didn't have the nerve to tell her why I needed her; just that it was a "sorta" emergency. She had Cornish game hens and field greens and rice and pumpernickel bread with spinach dip. The way I was feeling, I wasn't going to be able to eat anyway!

I spent two hours at the gym to burn off the nervous energy and called Richard three times to see if everything was working on schedule. He just laughed at me some more, "You ARE going to have fun, right Renna? You aren't going to die from the stress, are you? If you do die, make sure you die from pleasure near the end of the night!" If he'd have been there, I would have smacked him! (Did you notice we smack each other a lot? Ha!)

When Richard emerged from his bathroom just before 5:30, I was like, "What are you doing? We have company coming over!" He was wearing shorts and a nice polo shirt. He looked good, for a golfer! I had on dress slacks and a bit of a sheer silk blouse with an open neck that had plenty to say about what I was thinking! 

Dickie whistled when he saw me, and then said, "Go change!"

"What? YOU change; I like how I look!"

"So do I, my cock is hardening right now, you mynx! But Jack is really very low key; we don't want him thinking that this is only about sex, do we?"

I looked askance at him, "Haven't we talked this out enough? Is there something more I need to know?"

"Wow, Babe, you do understand that Jack is still my employee! This has to be handled correctly; I still have to work with the man. Let's just be friendly, okay?"

I went into the room and changed into one of my prettier t-shirts and some matching shorts. So much of what we did was strictly about having fun, it was different to hear Richard mix the business angle into this scenario. I was almost debating within myself whether or not we should even do this, and the front doorbell rang. 

Richard was opening the door when I got there. Putting on my best smile I stepped around him to meet Jack and my whole body froze! The picture that I had seen didn't come close to capturing the depth in those brown eyes. They were full of life and passion and his smile was so sexy to go along with it. In one hand was a bouquet mix of white carnations, red roses, and baby's breath; and in the other hand was a bottle of champagne. "Hello, Renna," he said. 

I giggled, his voice sounded a lot like Chevy Chase's...I figured I better not say that, "Hi Jack! It's nice to meet you!"

"Nice to meet you too! I've heard a lot about you for the last few months."

"Well, I heard a lot about you since Wednesday!" We all laughed.

"C'mon in, Jack...we're all pretty hungry," Richard offered; "how 'bout you?"

"Oh, I'm working up an appetite!" He winked...and we all laughed some more!

"Wow..." I thought to myself, "Jack seems to be prepared to have fun," so I leaned over and whispered to Richard, "So much for 'business,' he seems ready!" And I giggled right into his ear.

"Okay, okay..." Jack said, "what's the big secret here?"

"Nothing," Dick chortled, "Renny's pretty damn hungry too!" That earned him a smack on the arm!

The next two hours went by smoothly; in fact, our conversation enhanced the mood. We did talk at first about Jack's wife Judy; he just spoke of her in glowing terms, and then told us a few stories about her that made me wish I had known her. When we popped the champagne and got even more relaxed, the conversation opened up some more.

"Richard says that Judy really enjoyed sex with you, Jack! Is that right?" Dickie reached for my knee and squeezed it. "Hey, what the shit?" I yelped. "I'm not supposed to mention that?"

Jack was grinning at how uncomfortable Richard looked right then, "What's the matter with you, Boss? The talk has to be about sex at some point, right?"

"We need a little tact," Richard replied, "your love-life with Judy is private."

"Well, hell!" Jack guffawed, "I wouldn't be here tonight if I was gonna be 'tactful'!"

I held up my hand to high-five Jack and he obliged, "Good for you, Jack, maybe we should just get rid of ol' fuddy-duddy here!" 

"Hey!" Richard replied in mock shock, "this whole thing was MY idea!"

"Then don't spoil it!" We high-fived again because our two voices said the same words in unison.

When a little more composure was gained, I looked at Jack softly, "You loved Judy, huh?" 

"Oh yeah, she was the best, and she was damn good in bed too!"

"She was? What did she do best?"

"Woww...uhhh...let's see..." I could see that Jack was enjoying this line of questioning now, probably because he had some great memories. "I think the best thing was her enthusiasm; she was the energizer 'fuck-like-a-bunny toy'!"

"Shit!" Richard offered, "She and Renny could have compared notes then!" 

I'm not sure if Jack blushed, but I sure did! "Oh?" he said turning to me with a sly smile, "you like it when Richard puts his foot on the gas pedal, huh, little cutie?" I was blushing two shades redder! "Look, at her, Rich; she knows what she likes! I bet she likes a real good warm-up to the main event; is that true?"

Richard looked at me, his only answer was to slide further over on the sofa and drape an arm around me; he leaned closer and started nuzzling my neck and nibbling on my ear lobes. I scooted up under his arm and turned toward Jack so he could see everything that turned me on. Dick's left hand was on my lap but as the nibbles heated me up a bit, he slowly reached for my right boob. I had chill bumps everywhere and I felt my nipples extremely hard inside the cups of my bra. That rascal knew me so well; his fingers closed on the nipple and he worked it right through the material pulling the first moan of the night from low in my throat!

I heard Jack softly say, "Oh fuck, yeah...she likes that alright!"

"I like it all," I managed to whisper hoarsely, "you guys can do whatever you want...just do it to me, I want what you want!" 

It was right then that Richard lifted my shirt. Even though Jack had watched a video of us, when my husband lifted the bra and let my tits fall out from under it with a plop, I heard Jack gasp, "Holy fuck! Look at how beautiful they are...Damnnn!"  

Richard was kissing me fiercely now; I was having trouble drawing a breath. His tongue was battling with mine for possession. I held out a hand toward Jack and he took it. Pulling him toward me, he sat down on the other side and (still kissing Richard) I placed his hand onto my left boob. He was tentative with it for a moment, but then started cupping and kneading the tit-flesh; I was moaning for real now. 

Jack was watching Richard twisting and tugging the other fat nipple. I should say he was staring and I heard him whisper hotly, "Oh my fucking Goddd..." Then, he lowered his head then and wrapped his lips around the other nipple, sucking it firmly deeper and deeper into his mouth. Fuckkk...did that feel good! Pretty soon his mouth was full of breast and his tongue was absolutely lashing my teat unmercifully.

I stopped kissing Dick and looked at Jack, "Damn, you sweet tit-sucker!" He had me gasping! "Look at this man, Dickie! I think he's starving!" Richard was chuckling at what he knew I loved, but then he took my other tit in both hands and started sucking on that nipple as greedily as Jack. A sexual electricity unlike anything I ever experienced before began arcing from nipple to nipple and then flashed explosively into the center of my pussy! "OHHH, FUCCKKKK!" I tried to keep it a little quiet as it hit me, but it was no use! They had me half-screaming and half-yelling which only spurred them on to sucking my tits even harder!

Jack's hand slid down my tummy and covered my crotch outside the shorts. His fingers clutched at my pussy lips which wrenched another "Oh Fuckk, Jack!" out of me.

Richard looked up from my breast and said, "Take it from me, Jack; she's ready...wanna make my sexy, little bitch have a warm-up cum? Go ahead...kiss her and finger her; I'll keep working on her tits!"

"Oh, my God," said Jack; he was really breathing heavily as he slipped his hand inside my waistband and pushed his fingers toward my pussy slit. I was beside myself with the heat of it all and my ass was squirming, trying to push my wet cunt onto his fingers. Jack would have none of that. I could tell he wanted to take his time with this.

"Oh Yesss..." I whimpered as his finger found my clit. "Finger my pussy, you sexy fuck...Ohhh Goddddd!!" Jack straightened up somewhat and he kissed me for the first time. His lips were perfect and after five seconds, it was easily apparent that he was a better kisser than Richard. I was too turned on though to think much about that, shoving my tongue in his mouth, Jack sucked on it expertly...he was going to drive me insane, I just knew it! Richard kept sucking on one nipple and rolling the other between his thumb and forefinger. Jack's middle finger began circling my hard little nub and in no time at all I felt the orgasm building up in my legs. "Fuucckkk!" I moaned into his mouth, "I'm...I...I'mm gonna cummm!" What a warm-up! The orgasm detonated inside me and when it did I grabbed at Jack's hand and tried to stuff it into my wet, fuck tunnel. 

Jack was smiling, "Wow, Rich...you told me she was a bitch-in-heat; Damn! You were right!"

"Man, you heard her, we can do whatever we want! I'm just gonna enjoy letting you get back into things with Renny...I'll get my fun, don't worry." 

My breathing was returning toward a semblance of normal when I said, "Mmm...that was a good start, but now I want something else."

"What's that?" asked Richard.

"Stand up, Jack." He got to his feet, and I started unbuckling his belt. "When was the last time you had your cock sucked?" I felt a tremor ripple through his body when I said that; when I pulled down his pants and boxers, his six inches swung into view. "Oh, Goddd..." I cooed, "So beautiful! Watch this Dickie!" And I lovingly wrapped a hand around it and stroked it up and down lightly several times, then slipped the cut head into my warm mouth. His dick was already pulsing as if he was going to shoot quickly, so I slowed down even more and flicked the tip of my tongue over the head repeatedly. 

"Oh, my God; Oh, My Godd; OH, MY GODD!" Jack spat the words out through gritted teeth, and I could feel his orgasm right on the edge. His cock wasn't as long as Dick's, but it was just the right amount of thickness for both oral and fucking.
