 Goddd! And then for six months it was all about kissing, sucking, and cumming! It surprised me, no really...I swear! I had no idea my body was so sexually responsive. I think the thing that shocked me the most was my fat nipples; I was so into Richard and so into him touching and sucking them! We would kiss for hours, and in the middle of that he'd get my shirt and bra off and start playing with my tits...and then he'd start flicking and rolling and pinching my teats. When he had me squirming and crying out and gasping, then he'd wrap his lips around one and lash it unmercifully with his tongue! Honestly, at that point, all he had to do was stroke my slit and clit just a teensy, tiny bit and I'd explode! 

Oh my goodness, I wanted him to fuck me so badly! I was still a bit scared, mostly because I knew that once we started that, there would be no stopping us...and I was right! Six months after that first party, I let him fuck me on a blanket behind some bushes on my Aunt Margaret's farm. If you think those oral orgasms were explosive, (and they were!) the first time he slid his huge dick into me, I saw stars! There was some pain for about a minute, but I was so wet with desire that he opened my pussy up perfectly and then the pain turned to an excruciatingly intense pleasure, so intense he had me screaming from it!

Then he fucked me every day! Oh Shit...was it ever fun! I loved him for taking care of my needs and keeping me safe from pregnancy...he treated me like his queen and I was so horny for him all the time! We got married when I graduated high school, right when I turned eighteen. I didn't want to get pregnant until I reached twenty, so we put me on the pill the day after graduation; and then the sex really took off! 

I let him do whatever he wanted because I loved whatever he wanted! Sometimes we would drive down I-95 an hour and a half to this sex shop in Coral Gables and buy select videos to train ourselves in the ways of pleasure and he would suck me and lick me and fuck me until my body couldn't take it anymore! Yet after a good night's sleep, I'd wake up and my pussy would be whispering "more dick, please" and we'd find a way and a place to go at it again that day! 

Richard had started at U.P.S. as a junior in high school; and when he turned twenty-one, he was driving for them. He never had a problem with ambition, and it showed because fifteen years later he was assistant area supervisor and twenty years later he was regional supervisor with a six figure salary. I worked a job at a local ambulance-chasing law firm and we never lacked for money. Our favorite thing to do was take off for a weekend of beaches, swimming/snorkeling, and sex. Isn't hotel sex just the best? 

Finally, when I was twenty-four years old, we seriously talked about children and decided against it. Simply put, Richard gave us two options: one - have at least two kids (which would certainly stifle our sexual lifestyle somewhat;) or two - stay free of that responsibility and let ourselves go in a hedonistic sort of way. We gave ourselves six months to think it over, and after much discussion, we decided to have my tubes tied and free our minds from the idea of children. Six months after that, an incident occurred which convinced us we had made the right decision.

On that particular evening we were out having dinner with two of our friends from high school. You met Megan Burkett and Tim Macdonald in chapter one. They had gotten married right after graduation as well, and inside of six years they had three kids who were now five, three, and one. There we were in The Cheesecake Factory on Las Olas Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale enjoying cocktails, some wonderful steaks, chocolate turtle pecan cheesecake, and washing that all down with what was turning out to be a very erotic conversation.

It began innocently enough: small talk about kids, business, the highlights of our week. But then somehow the conversation turned to reminiscing about those awesome make-out parties we attended in high school. Richard had the balls to say right to Megan, "Megs, you were the reason Renny and I screwed up the courage to go!"

"I was?" Megan responded with a mischievous smile.

"Yeah, well, you and Tim that is. Really, he started it, after that it was more your fault!"

Megan giggled, "How is that? What happened?"

Richard looked at Tim and laughed, "Remember that day in gym class when you and me were sitting at our lockers and you were bragging on how gorgeous your 'bitch' was?"

"Oh my God!" Megan spat, launching a face at her husband and slapping him on the forearm...but she was smiling!

"Heyyy!" Tim yelped in a controlled sort of way, "You know, Honey, 'bitches' shouldn't be hitting their 'masters'!" That got him another slap on the shoulder and we all howled with laughter!

I really wanted to know, so I said to my hubs, "What did this 'master' say to you about Megan, you trouble-maker!"

"Me a trouble-maker?" Richard stared Megan down for several seconds and then leaned toward us to whisper loudly, "He said she was the 'hottest piece of ass' in the whole school!" Megan blushed a bright shade of crimson and buried her face in her hands groaning. "And I have to say, Megs, after seeing you at those parties? Wow...I would have to say that your asshole master was close to right! Hell, when we were watching you two? Oh my Goddd...I was close to shooting my load all over Renn here just looking at you guys!"

Now it was my turn to blush; I remembered watching them vividly. Megan was still gorgeous with her chestnut hair and green/gray eyes. Her ass was to die for and she had a smattering of freckles just like me which extended down toward the top of her B-cup boobs, Mmm! That added a cute element to her beautiful, shimmering sexuality. And Oh, my God; she was so in love with sucking Tim's rod! I could still visualize her perfect ass wiggling at us as her head bobbed up and down on his cock! The memory was so real to me that as I played it in my mind, a huge surge of sexual adrenaline rushed into my center; I felt the familiar gush of wetness flood my panties. I even moaned a little right there at the table. Richard had to know what was happening because I grabbed his knee under the table and my ass squirmed against his thigh.

Yes, he knew! He looked at me hard and said, "It was so hot watching them, wasn't it, Renny?" I could only close my eyes and nod!

Then Tim said something I wasn't expecting, "Ya know, Rich, I was bragging on Megan to you at the time, but the fact is when you stripped Renna's shirt and bra off that first time...and I saw her boobs? Wowww, man! I had to admit those were the most fuckin' beautiful tits I had ever seen! Did you see them that time, Megs?"

Megan's face was still very red, but she managed to say, "Oh God, yes, hun...I saw these two going at each other too! It was a whole new experience looking at Renn's boobs in that way. For sure a whole lot different than in changing rooms and locker rooms."

"I don't think I'll ever forget the first time I touched your breasts, Renny," said Richard. He winked at Megan and Tim and surreptitiously slid a hand over my left boob. I thinked I jumped about a foot off the bench! Megan and Tim were falling down laughing at my shocked expression.

It was my turn to slap an asshole! "Hey, we're in public, you Dick!" We all laughed even harder at my choice of names to call him at particular moment.

"That rec room was 'in public,' too, wasn't it?" said Richard in mock pain. "You sure didn't seem to mind then!" 

"But these people are trying to eat here; most of them don't want to see that!"

Richard cast a sneaky glance at Megan, "What about you guys, Megan? You want to see me do it again?" 

Megan was grinning, but she gave a resounding "NO!"

That's when Tim said, "I do! But not here..."

All three of our heads snapped around in Tim's direction. "What?" said Richard, "what do you mean?"

"I just mean that Megan and I have a pretty nice rec room ourselves; the kids are at Grandma's. Why don't you two come over for a nightcap?"

The full implication of his invitation was not lost on any of us! We just sat there looking at each other for at least two minutes. Finally, Richard spoke, "Okay, but let's be honest and up front here. Why beat around the bush? What exactly are we going to do?"

I was literally shaking with how horny I was, yet I really didn't know what I wanted; for as sexual as we were, Richard and I had not done anything like this since those high school days. It seemed so long ago now. I looked at Megan; she seemed to be feeling the same as me. I could swear I saw her body shivering with desire, her eyes fluttering under the same hormonal assault. When Megan looked at Tim, I was sure of it; she was simply going to follow his lead. 

Richard turned to me, his eyes spoke loud and clear, "Do you want to?" I just nodded quickly before anyone could change their mind; and Richard spoke right up, "Okay, good, that settles it; the 'boss' says yes!" That got him another slap!

I was walking out the door next to Megan when she whispered to me, "Oh, my God, what are we doing?"

We both giggled when I replied, "I don't know about you, but Richard's going to fuck me so good...and you're gonna get to watch if you want!"

"I didn't think married couples ought to do things like high school anymore!"

"Who said?" I smiled. "And anyway, Megs, if something happens you don't like, just say so. Everyone will understand."

I think Richard broke about four or five rules of the road on the way to the Macdonald's house, but I didn't mind because my body was on fire! I could hardly breathe and in the fantasy I was having right then, Richard had my clothes off before we got out of the car! 

"You okay, Renna?" We were stopped at the last redlight before getting there and his question broke the reverie. 

"Oh, shit, Babe!" I was gasping, "I don't know what you men got us into, but I think I'm going to like it!" 

Richard chuckled, "I thought you would!" Then he slid his hand inside the neckline of my dress and his fingers found their way into the cup of my bra. The nipple was straining against the material and he rubbed the hardened teat erotically. Oh, my fucking God, did I ever moan! I reached for the bulge in his pants and moaned again. He was so filthy hard already, and when I squeezed his dick through his trousers, he groaned deeply himself and shot me a look. Mmm...yesss! His eyes were glazed over and and I could feel his cock pulsating with the arousal.

When we parked in their driveway, he pulled me over to him closely and gave me a searingly hot kiss! I felt my pussy gush again, and I thrust my tongue deep into his mouth so he could suck on it just the way I like! 

We could have fucked right there in the car except the door flew open and Tim said rather loudly, "HEY! Don't start without us, you two! C'mon into the house."

So we headed inside to the rec room and Tim stepped behind the bar, ostensibly to make us some drinks. "Can I get you guys something?" he asked sounding a bit nervous. 

I decided to act on my feelings; there was no point wasting any more time or acting coy, so I turned to Richard and said, "Yes, I need some dick, Dick!" Everyone laughed, but I didn't! Dropping to my knees at Richard's feet, I undid his belt and zipper and drew his slacks and boxers down to the floor. His erection had subsided somewhat from what it was in the car, but when I lifted his penis in my hand and started licking his balls, his cock got fully hard again in a swift ten seconds! 

Richard's head was wobbling and he groaned, "Holy FUCK!"

I glanced over at Megan to see if she was getting a good look at this beautiful dick but I didn't have to; because it was then I heard her gasping, "Oh, my God; Ohhh...my GODDD!" 

Just to tease them, I slowly and deliberately licked a hard, long tongue all the way up the underside of his shaft and I felt Richard's whole body shudder and jerk! "Holyyy Shittt!!" Tim cried. I had one hand on Richard's right ass-cheek and I felt his butt clench fiercely when I sucked his hard-on into my mouth! I bobbed my head on him a few times and when I pulled his cock out, my lips popped around it.

"God, you taste good, Honey!" I hissed. I looked at Megan again, "Dick's dick is delicious, Megs!"

She was laughing at my devilish grin, "It sure does look tasty, Renn!" 

This is when it happened. I shot Richard a quick look as I said to Megan, "Maybe...maybe you want to taste it?" I'm not sure why I did that, but I did. Reflecting on that whole evening thirty years later, I realize that I had a mindset that was pretty close to "nymphomaniac!" Yet so many of my choices then seemed to keep it in check until much later.

Megan gasped again! "Uhh...well...Hmmm!" I definitely caught her by surprise, and she stepped over to Tim and took him by the hand. "Timmy?" she asked almost shyly!

"Mine first!" he offered. We all laughed as she reached for his pants and helped him strip off his clothes. Tim's hard-on sprang free and Megan immediately began jacking his five and a half inches. "Damnn! Oh Babyyy...that's a good start!" The words were gurgling in his throat because Megan was pumping him so erotically. Mmmm...she was good at hand-jobs, that was for sure!

I went back to sucking my sweetie's dick until I had him stammering and moaning and begging me not to stop! But of course, at that point, I did stop! When I did, I noticed Megan was deep-throating Tim's cock to a steady stream of his encouragement, "Fuuckk...oh yesss...FUCKKKK!"

"Megan?" I interrupted. When she stopped I said, "Trade?'

That hot, little bitch scooted right over and happily slurped my Dick's big schlong deep into her mouth. Dick's eyes got big when it appeared she'd be able to take him all the way down. I was shocked at her ability; the most I was ever able to handle was three-quarters! Tim and I watched her for a minute, and then I said to him, "Get ready, Timmy...my fucking tongue wants to taste your cum!"

When I said that, I heard Megan groan around Richard's cock, and when I wrapped my lips around Tim's shaft, I felt her eyes on me. We worked each other's man over for the next two or three minutes, and just as I started to feel Tim's balls boiling, ready to cum, I stopped abruptly. "Mmm, you taste so good, Tim...but you're going to have to wait; we get ours first, right Megs?"

Apparently she heard me because she had stopped too, and Dick was cursing, "Damn...oh fuckin' dammit!" (Later, he told me that in five more seconds he would have exploded!) Megan was still playing with his big balls, but she was looking at me for what to do next!

Then, a very different thought hit me again! "Okay, guys, this fucking-little-whore Megan needs some attention; get her up on the bar and give it to her!" Dick looked at me in shock; I knew he was wondering what had gotten into me. But he winked, then grinned and he and Tim scooped Megan up and sat her on the bar. "Good, boys! Now strip her naked, let's see if she's still the hottest piece of ass around!"

They sure didn't need any urging. Dick was on one side of the countertop pulling off her shirt, and Tim was on the other side peeling off her pants; while they were doing that, I leaned over to Megan and whispered in her ear, "Get ready, Baby Girl, you're going to enjoy this!" Megan's eyes fluttered at my words and her breathing was noticeably shallower. I laid my hand on her tummy and she was definitely quivering from the erotic anticipation of the moment. "Kiss her, Dick! I wanna see you kiss this fucking, little bitch!" 

Megan was unable to contain herself and she reached up and grabbed Richard by the back of his head with both hands and pulled his lips to hers. Right from the start the kiss was torrid; their tongues tangled and Tim and I heard them moaning loudly into each other's mouths. Dick's hands began at her throat and quickly slid down to cup her left tit and thumb her nipple! Mmm...I knew those hands well and when he started squeezing her tits and working that female flesh between his fingers, Megan's ass lifted off the bar a bit she was so turned on!

"C'mon, Tim," I said. "you need to get started on her legs and pussy!" Tim was so busy watching his wife with another man that he had forgotten he was allowed to play too! "Have you ever sucked her toes, Timmy?" He looked at me weirdly, so I repeated it, "Have you?"

"No...come on; are you serious?"

"Of course! The question is, will you do what I want?" I giggled at Tim's perplexed stare; so I said, "Here, tell you what; I'll suck her toes and you kiss up her legs to her pussy, okay?" Tim was going to get a lesson here!

Megan was virtually squealing now because Richard was sucking on her tits, I heard her, "Oh, myy Goddd...babyy, yessss...Mmm...suck my tittie Baby, yesss...just like that! Do you suck Renn's nipples like this? Mmm...FUCK! Oh Godd!!" I picked up her right foot and started nibbling at her toes a little while my fingertips were caressing the ankle. Megan's leg jerked back a bit telling me she was somewhat ticklish. But then I slurped all five toes into my mouth and began tonguing them while I massaged her arch with my thumbs. I had to stop and laugh; Tim's mouth was agape with surprise; his eyes were wide as saucers! Dick was now lapping at the creases between Megan's breasts and her rib cage, pinch-pulling her teats away from her body, and shaking the boobs erotically. My tongue was snaking between Megan's toes and she was going crazy!

When I shifted to her left foot, I said, "Okay Tim she's ready, kiss her thighs and pussy!" I pushed her legs up and pulled one to the side so her sex was splayed open for us. Richard was still playing with her tits, but he was also watching...I giggled at my little voyeur man with the screaming hard dick!

Tim was ready too; he got between her open legs and started sucking up her thighs to the spot where her pussy met them. His mouth closed on her whole snatch and from the way she cried out, "OH, MYY GODDD!!" I would say his tongue had invaded her slit and touched a sensitive area! Mmmm! My tongue was swirling around the toes on her right foot, but I was focused on keeping her legs spread for Tim's pussy assault. He had opened her pussy lips with his fingers and his tongue was now flicking her clit at hummingbird speed! After a short 30 seconds of that she started wailing, "Oh Shit! Oh my Fuckkkkk! Mmm...yess...Oh YESSS! Godd...I'm gonna cum...Oh Goddd...I'm gonna cummm!" 

That beautiful slut's ass lifted again as Tim's mouth stayed with her. He sucked the clit hard and Megan exploded with a huge, guttural groan! "Ohhh...Fuuucckkkkkk!" I absolutely loved her dirty talk! 

I leaned down to her ear again. "How was that, Megs? Feel good?"

"Uhh-huhhh," she was practically cooing!

Richard caught my eye. It was clear to me that he wanted a taste, but he didn't know how to ask. "I think she needs another orgasm, guys; Tim, come kiss her and, Dick, it's your turn to taste that sexy, little whore's cunt!"

Megan didn't protest at all when they switched positions. Tim covered her mouth and sucked in her tongue; his hands cupped her tits hard and Richard didn't hesitate, that asshole! He buried his tongue deep in her pussy and started reaming it. Mmm...I knew THAT feeling! Watching them lit me completely on fire and I tore off my clothes, dropped to the floor, and sucked Richard's dick between my lips. I could hear Megan above me as a second cum rippled through her...and Richard never let up; he sucked her off to a third then a fourth in quick succession. 

I was sucking and licking his balls carefully because I sure didn't want him to cum too soon. It was fun seeing where this was going. It was when he stood up and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand that I realized Megan had been begging him to stop; her pussy needed a rest! 
