 You will remember that at their last meeting Jean and Ewan had been visited by their friends Ann and Bob, and that Ewan had got together with Ann but Bob drank too much and just went to bed and slept, therefore missing out on the encounter with Jean.

When next they visited Bob made sure that he did not drink too much as he had all intentions of getting some pussy from Jean. He had been very upset with himself for getting drunk the last time they had visited.

After dinner, we were all sitting around in the lounge room. Jean finally got up and walked out leaving the three of us just sitting around chatting. 

Ann looked at Bob and said, "The room that you are looking for is down the hall to the right."

With that, Bob stood up and made his way down the hallway and entered the main bedroom. We heard the door close and at that moment, I realized that something was going to happen that had never happened in out five years of marriage. My wife was going to get fucked by my best friend and I was going to screw his wife, again.

I looked over at Ann and leaned forward and kissed her hungrily on the lips. We started to remove each other's clothing, and things were just flying across the floor, spit was being exchanged and lips were being kissed, tongues were entwined and breathing was becoming heavier and louder with each kiss. 

The two of us were suddenly lying on the floor in front of the sofa. We were rolling around and I was feasting on the nipples of Ann's bounteous breasts. 

I whispered in her ear at one point, "Do you want to go somewhere else."

Ann replied, "Give it to me, now."

I rolled her over on her back and quickly inserted my erect cock into her wet pussy. I immediately began to fuck her hard. I was a bit apprehensive that our spouses would finish and walk in on us, and wasn't sure how it would work out at that stage. As I kept up the pace, I felt Ann becoming aroused and moaning with a deep throated growl.

Just as quickly, she moved and rolled me over saying that she wanted to ride me. As she slip up and down on my cock, I reached up and began to suck and squeeze her tits. 

She began to beg out loud, "Pinch my nipples, baby, hard..." 

Not wanting to disappoint her, I complied with her wishes, but much harder that I would ever pinch Jean's nipples. I guessed she liked it as she moaned loudly again and again. She kept riding me and eventually reached down and fingered her clit that bought on another orgasm. She cried out in pure pleasure.

As her second orgasm subsided she asked, "How do you want to cum?"

As she was still riding me, I told her I would love to fuck her doggie-style. With that she dismounted and was on her hands and knees in one quick movement. Her beautiful ass pointing in my direction. I got behind her and immediately guided my swollen prick at the entrance of her wet, hot pussy. This was my favorite position as well, and Jean loves it too. Ann took over from there and leant back and impaled her cunt on my stiff pole.

"My God, that feels so good."

"It feels pretty good to me too," she replied.

Ann had lowered her head to the carpet and was at an angle where it was a great way of fucking her. She could use her cunt muscles to squeeze my prick and that felt so fucking good. I reached under her breasts and pinched her nipples knowing how much she like that and the results were positive. She fucked me back. Our bodies were slamming together. My balls were banging against her ass and her thighs. She was moaning and I was breathing heavily with each thrust. Then I took a chance and slapped her ass cheeks with a soft slap.

"C'mon.... do that harder." 

So I continued to slap her. In the meantime, I had been listening for some sounds coming from the other bedroom down the hall. All seemed to be very silent, but I just thought that I had missed hearing Jean when she came, or they were being very quiet. My attention was drawn back to the moment as Ann had been squeezing my cock with her cunt muscles and I started to feel my cum about to erupt. I vaguely heard my wife's moan as she came, and that did it for me. I unloaded a stream of hot white cum deep within Ann's cunt as she clenched her pussy to make it tighter still.

I rolled over onto my back and continued breathing heavily. Ann had a sexy smile on her face as she looked at me.

"Thanks for that, I really needed it."

I got up and got a hot washer and towel and the both of us were dressed and sitting quietly on the sofa when our spouses came from their sex romp. Not too much was said and very soon after the two of them left.

Jean and I showered and went to bed and took time out to exchange our thoughts on what had transpired.

Let's hope we find out what went on with Jean and Bob soon eh?