 This is another story of Ewan and Jean – in their swinging days.

As told in a previous story of this couple, (The Department Store) they had been married for over 40years and had experienced quite a lot of fun times in that time. Swinging being one of their favorite adventures. Here we continue with some more of those events which happened in the early years of their marriage.

Two of their close friends were Bob and Ann, who lived in the next suburb. They quite often came over for dinner and to play cards.

Ann was a tall blonde with very large breasts and long shapely legs. In contrast Jean had short dark hair and also with a pair of very shapely legs and a luscious set of boobs that were a good mouthful.

After we had been playing cards this night for a few hours, it was decided that it had become boring, so we folded up the card table and put it back in the closet. When we got back to the lounge room, Bob and Ann were sitting on the love-seat passionately kissing. Generally these two were not people who flaunted their passions in public so it came as quite a surprise.

I sat down in one of the armchairs and when Jean came into the room, she sat on my lap and kissed me. I returned the kiss and noticed that a couple of her buttons were undone on her blouse and proceeded to unbutton the remaining ones. Jean didn't stop me so I continued to expose her breasts to the room.

We glanced over at our friends and noticed they were going in the same direction. Ann's blouse was open and one of her massive breasts was about to pop out of her bra cup. I had always wanted to get a glimpse of those suckers, and I didn't have to wait long. Bob pulled the breast out and began to suck the nipple and gently nibble it.

One thing led to another and within a few minutes, we were all naked.

Jean sat astride my lap with her boobs teasing my lips and she was also wriggling around on my hard cock, trying to slide it into her cunt. She would slide up and down and try to get the tip of my rod inside her, and all the while I would just keep sucking and nibbling her boobs and nipples, which were such a sensitive part of my darling.

I glanced over Jean's shoulder to see Ann on her back on the sofa, with Bob already deep inside her. She had wrapped her long legs around his waist as he worked his prick in and out of that wet pleasure palace. Ann was moaning loudly and Bob's balls were slapping against her ass, while he pounded into her.

Although Jean couldn't see what was happening she could hear the moans and groans coming from behind her. She stretched her arms my neck and slid her pussy right onto my prick. I could feel her pussy muscles contracting around my cock and she was squeezing her cunt muscles each time I thrust in and out. She began to breathe heavily and her moaning was getting louder. It was becoming more difficult for me to hold back, but I felt that was going to be impossible, this time at least. Jean squealed in ecstasy and I blew my load at the same time as she released her cum. I shot a large load deep inside her and then lay back as we relaxed in each others arms.

I looked over Jeans shoulder again and Bob was just releasing his load into Ann's cunt. Ann's heavy breathing became soft moans as she also came. Her thighs were quivering and her legs were in motion as the sensation of her clit being teased was too much.

All too soon it was over. Jean quickly disconnected from me and went to the bathroom to clean up and I was left with a limp dick that was dripping with our combined cum. Bob also got up and went to the other bathroom and left Ann lying exposed to my eager eyes. She lay there with her breast lying on top of her chest and her legs spread and her pussy with the cum slowly running down between her ass crack.

She looked at me at the same time as I was watching her and we smiled at each other. We both knew that one day very soon that I would be sucking and licking on those bounteous breasts and that wonderful pussy. 

CHAPTER 2

On our next evening together, it was decided that Ann and Bob would spend the night so that we could all fully relax and not have to worry about drinking and driving.

After dinner and some drinks, we set out to enjoy the evening fully. Because the air-conditioning wasn't working to its full extend, it was decided that we would just strip down to our undies. We started to discuss our different fantasies and what we would love to do if we ever got into a group situation. Jean started off by telling the others that I had the fantasy of being with another woman and when pressed for names, she looked at Ann. Ann just smiled, thinking back to our previous encounter. Ann then confessed that Bob also fantasized about another woman, and looked at Jean. I looked both at Jean and Bob and saw the eagerness in both their faces. 

Bob got up and disappeared down to the bathroom. Joan looked at me and with a nod of agreement, followed him down the hall. I sat there sipping on my Whisky and ginger ale, and looking at Ann. I so wanted to mix it up with that voluptuous lady. I sat there for a few minutes and watched Ann. She stood up and wriggled her finger at me and directed me down the hall to the guest bedroom. She closed the door and turned to me. 

"Jean said you wanted to see me," she said.

"Well, yes, I was feeling so lonely sitting there just looking at you and thinking of what we had been talking about......... ." I answered hesitatingly.

"Well, Bob went to the bathroom and I think Jean followed him to see if there was anything she could do for him??? So I guess they found something to do."

I reached out and took her face into my hands and gently kissed her fully on the lips. She was the first woman I had kissed like that since I got married. It felt so good and it lasted quite a while. Our tongues met and danced around each other and we explored all the cavities of each other's mouth. While this was happening, we disrobed each other and sat on the side of the bed.

I had my hands on those full, lush breasts of hers that I had craved for so long. Ann had her hand on my cock and it was standing tall. I was a very happy man as I was to get the first fuck outside my marriage and with the woman I had lusted for, for many months.

As I suckled her breasts and gently nibbled her large nipples, our breathing became heavier and deeper. I lowered myself to the floor between her legs and spread her thighs. I then took the opportunity to put my face between her lovely legs and began to lave and kiss her inner thighs, working my way up to her golden haired mound and pussy. I finally reached the promised land and covered her cunt with my mouth. My fingers found their way to her pleasure hole and while I licked and sucked her pussy and clit, I worked my fingers into her hot, wet cunt.

"Don't stop....don't ever stop.... Keep doing what you're doing.... My God! This is soooo good.... so good.....soooo good." Her legs then clamped around my head while I continued to violate her cunt with my fingers and with my lips locked around her clit as I sucked it harder and harder. She then reached down and pulled me up to meet her mouth and we kissed, sharing her cunt juice.

"Please fuck me..... now," she whispered.

I moved my body round until my cock was lined up with the entrance to her cunt and slid it inside that hot tunnel of love. It felt so good that I had to pause so that I wouldn't cum straight away. I tried to pace myself and we fucked slowly at first. I tried to make my cock make contact with her G-spot and also continued to rub her clit with my thumb, as I moved in and out.

"Oh shit....here it cums again, she hissed. Goddddam, that feels good.:

Her head was turning from side to side in passion as I fucked her harder. She then lifted her legs and again wrapped them around my hips. I knew that it would not be too long now before we both shot our loads. She straightened her legs and gave one almighty shout and proceeded to cum, and cum.

I had felt some air movement but didn't think of it again. Ann said, "I wonder what Jean is doing now."

I replied, "I don't know what she is doing and just hope it is as good as what we are doing."

"Well, for you information, she is sitting there right beside us, watching us fuck."

I looked around and sure enough, there was Jean, sitting in the rocking chair in a pretty negligee, watching us, and finger fucking herself at the same time. 

Ann whispered in my ear, "What does Jean want and what is she doing."

She is sitting watching us and playing with herself."

At that moment we were too far gone to stop our own fucking. It was a little uncomfortable to know that my wife had sat there watching and masturbate while her best friend and her husband had fucked themselves silly. Jean then got up and started rubbing my back while I was immersed in Ann's cunt. Then it happened. I felt myself tighten and my balls felt like they were ready to explode. Just like that, I unloaded a stream of hot, milky white cum inside Ann's pussy, she took it and gave me a gentle squeeze with those cuntal muscles.

We got partially dressed and sat outside and had a coffee. Jean then proceeded to tell us what had happened to Bob and herself. Apparently when she had joined Bob in the bedroom, he declared that he'd had too much to drink and was not capable of doing anything that night. He then fell asleep. Jean tried to suck him into action but despite her efforts he remained soft. That was when she decided that she would come and see what Ann and I were up to and found us very happily fucking our brains out.

The next morning, Bob realized what he had missed out on and that will be the next story.