 My wife and I went to a large Department store to look for a bed and mattress combo. We wandered around for a while and then as I looked up, I was met with a massive set of breasts, almost in front of my face. Wow! What a set.

These belonged to the Department store employee whose name was Karen. She asked if she could help us with our search and we then proceeded to look at a variety of sets. (of beds, not boobs)

Let me tell you a little about myself and my wife, Jean. My name is Ewan and we are both in our 60s. We have had a very satisfying sex life since we married over 40 years ago and a very diversified one as well. 

My wife was a virgin when we married, but I'd had a couple of sexual encounters in college. After we had been married a few years, for some unknown reason, we began to fantasize in our sexual meetings.

Eventually, we indulged in a swapping session with friends which continued for 4 years. Then I wanted to see Jean with another woman and also have a 3 way session. This did eventuate and Jean came together with about 3 other ladies over the years.

This is just a lead up and explanation of how this newest experience came about.

Back to Karen in the Department store. Karen was a lady of about 45yrs, divorced with 2 grown sons and she lives alone. She is about 5'8" and has the nicest set of tits that you could ever suck. They are large, approx. 38DD and very firm, with just a little sagging. Her nipples are hard and very sensitive. Her pussy is covered with just a small strip of hair above the mound and light blonde in color. She has long legs and very sexy hips. She has a wonderful smile that would make any man or woman melt.

When we started to discuss the bed set that we wanted, Karen was very obliging and did everything to enable us to obtain just what we needed. She had showed us various sets and commented on a couple, saying that they came in soft, medium or hard. Both Jean and I immediately replied that we liked it hard. Karen also said she liked it hard too. This set off a lot of laughter between us and also set the mood. I knew then that I could talk this lovely lady in joining Jean and myself at home, maybe to christen the new bed?? She was definitely interested.

She bent over the desk to fill in the paperwork and gave us both a good look at those wondrous breasts. Jean was gazing at them longingly. I knew that I had to arrange something and fast. Seeing that all the paperwork was finished, I asked Karen if she would like to have dinner with us, as a thank you for everything she had done. I suggested a restaurant, just to be on the safe side. Karen was a little reluctant at first but eventually agreed and said she would call later that day to arrange the meeting. She hugged both of us before we left the store, and the feeling of those beautiful breast against my chest just turned me on so much. I rushed Jean home and straight into our bedroom so that I could get rid of the boner I had.

Karen called later in the week to let us know when the bed was arriving and to make a date for our dinner. It just so happened that both things happened on the same day. So, if we did get Karen home with us, she could help us with initiation of the bed.

On the evening of our date, we all met at the restaurant we had agreed on. We had a lovely meal and drinks. Jean then suggested that we adjourn to our house for coffee. Karen was quite agreeable with this and I knew then that this was the night!!!!

Once we got home, we all relaxed and the conversation eventually turned to sex. Joan excused herself to go to the bathroom and I carried on speaking to Karen. I came right out and asked her is she had ever had a 3 sum. She replied shyly, that she had only ever had one experience and that was with her roommate in college, with the roommates boyfriend, and that they had also dabbled in bi-sexual experimentation a couple of times.

When Jean came back, I excused myself. I took myself off to the bathroom, not only to pee but to take one of my little 'blue helpers'. I knew that I was going to need it tonight.

As I left the bathroom, I met Karen in the hallway. 

When I got back to Jean, she suggested I meet Karen when she came out of the bathroom and take her to see the new bed set that had arrived that day. When I heard the bathroom door open, I hurried to meet her and took her to the master bedroom to see the new bed.

As she walked in the door of the room she began to chuckle. I wondered what that was all about. She turned to me and smiled. I moved towards her and took her in my arms and met her lips with mine. Our tongues began a passionate dance and I guided her towards the center of the room, beside the bed. I turned her slightly and sat her on the side of the bed. 

Immediately, Karen said that it was a NO-NO. 

"What do you mean," I asked her.

Karen replied, "Well it isn't good for a mattress to sit on the side like this."

"What is the alternative then," I enquired.

Karen then suggested we move to the middle of the bed.

We continued to kiss and my cock was starting to thump alongside my leg. I worked on the fastenings of her dress and quickly had her stripped down to just her panties and stockings. She then attacked my clothing and threw it to the floor as she also stripped me down to my briefs.

Karen then asked if Jean was going to join them. I told her that "Yes" she was going to come in, but that she also liked to watch. Hesitantly, Karen said that she was not really comfortable being watched, but she would go along with it, and if she didn't feel comfortable she would let me know. That was OK by me, and we proceed to make love.

Of course, the first place that I headed for was that beautiful breast. I tried to fit the whole breast in my mouth but they were too big for that, so I just had to keep licking and sucking the very erect nipples. This seemed to turn Karen on so much. My hand then found its way down to her pussy and I stroked it and patted the mound. Karen must have loved this as she opened her legs up so that I could have more access to her. She again asked where Jean was and when she would be joining us. Jean was actually in the room by then, Karen hadn't seen her come in and sit by the bed watching us. Karen asked if Jean would join us on the bed, and I replied that I am sure she would. 

"You just have to ask her, she is sitting right beside you."

"Wow, this should be interesting, replied Karen. So, Jean, are you going to join us on the bed?"

Jean immediately came across to the bed and climbed on it with us. We shifted our bodies to allow room for Jean and I kept sucking her nipples and rubbing her clit and pussy. Jean immediately moved her mouth to Karen's other tit causing her to moan loudly. Jean's fingers joined mine in Karen's cunt and with both of us sucking her nipples and finger fucking her, Karen had the best of both worlds. She had a mighty orgasm and came all over my hand. I licked it off and it was so tasty.

Jean then went down and put her lips onto Karen's clit and pussy. She swirled her tongue all around her pussy and licked and laved that clit until it was standing up like a soldier. It made a target for a tongue and was getting hit for a bulls-eye each time. I wanted to do the same thing but I let Jean have first dibs on this lovely lady. My turn would come. 

During all of this, Karen had her hand wrapped round my hard cock and was slowly rubbing it up and down, up and down, sliding the covering over the head each time and then pulling it back again. 

"Fuck me, fuck me now, murmured Karen. I need to be fucked so bad."

At that, I knelt between her outstretched legs and Jean took hold of my cock and guided it into that woman hole that I had been waiting to get into, for so long. Jean continued to lick and suck her nipples, going from one to the other and keeping Karen at a high peak of sensuality. I pushed my engorged rod into that tight pussy hole until I was completely inside her. Jean then began to massage my balls while I was right up Karen. The fucking had begun. Karen wrapped her long legs around my hips and we fucked like animals. My cock was totally immersed in that wondrous piece of womanhood, and Jean now had her hand and was working on Karen's clit, rubbing it and keeping her on a high. Karen had another orgasm and I felt her cum cover my prick and run onto my balls. 

Jean looked up and said in a sexy voice, "keep fucking her sweetie," so I did. I was trying so hard to contain my own orgasm, and also thinking of the 3 of us, and then I came. Did I cum?? I shot such a wad of cum into that wet, hot cunt, I thought I would collapse. 

I screamed, "Ohhh, I'm cumming, cumming. This is soooo good. Take it all."

It was just as well I had my little blue pills, I was really going to need them this night.

I looked down at Karen and saw that she had a big smile on her face. I think that she was enjoying our night.

After about 15 minutes, all the while Jean was suckling on Karen's tits. Karen asked me if we could change positions. I asked her what she wanted and she told me to lie on my back, and she proceeded to straddle my thighs.

"I want to ride your cock."

She worked her body down and then took my semi-hard cock into her mouth, and licked it like a Popsicle, running her tongue up and down the shaft and teasing the head and slipping her tongue into the pee-hole occasionally. She continued to do this until I was very hard once again, and she then knelt up and lowered her cunt down over my cock. Her hand reached down and guided me right to the center of play-land. She then began a slow, steady movement of her hips as she rode me, up and down, up and down, giving a little wriggle every now and then, and then she would make a backward and forward movement, this way her clit was rubbing on my pubic area, and keeping her hyped up as well.

While this was going on, Jean wasn't going to be left out and she moved up beside me and French kissed me. As she lay alongside of me, Karen took the opportunity to insert her index finger into Jean's pussy and her thumb on her clit, rubbing those sensitive places and bringing my darling Jean to such a climax. Karen kept it up and inserted more fingers into Jean's cunt, working it for all it was worth. I loved the idea of all of us enjoying this at the same time. Jean then started to suck my nipples and playing with them, I knew I was going to cum again. I reached up and played with Karen's tits, those beautiful massive boobs that first caught my eye. 

Karen fell forward suddenly, and gasped, "I can't take it anymore. My cunt is aching and is so sore."

"I think you need to give a bit of this to Jean, to make sure that we can do this again later," I whispered.

So I then took my darling wife and enjoyed a wonderful orgasm with her, as I always do.

Karen stayed that night and we made sure that she was never in need again, We are still seeing her and all of our needs are filled. I do know that Jean and Karen often get together whenever possible and enjoy some one-on-one FF sex. This all makes it so much more interesting for me too, as Jean tells me about it when we are alone, and other times I get to watch them.