 I sat on the edge of the bed for a moment. I felt this strange feeling in my stomach something that only could have happened after such an orgasm: guilt. I looked at the two beautiful women in front of me. Laura's back was to me and Jen leaned against the wall, on the floor smoking a cigarette. I became suddenly aware that I was naked and I knew I needed to get out of there. Without a word I put on my clothes and made my way for the door.

"Where are you going School Teacher?"

"Heidi?"

"I...I need to go...to the bathroom..." 

I stumbled out of the room and almost ran into another topless woman. I felt my cheeks grow red so I turned around and marched down the hall opposite the way I had come in. What was I doing? I mean this is why I came here right? I thought of my home, my job...my little dog sleeping on the edge of our bed. I didn't know why I came. 

I looked up the dim hall and continued on. There were doors on either side and some had windows. I glanced to my left and saw a man's chest in the room. I turned quickly away when I realized he was looking at me. I quickened my pace, came to the end of the hall and turned left. There were more doors on either side and a large door at the end. I was taking deep breaths and feeling like I was going to panic.

I went as fast as I could—almost running. I pushed through the door and found myself in another bar. Probably on the opposite side of the building. It was dimly lit, with several booths full of groups of people and a bar to my left. A bar tender was making a drink for a man slumped at the bar stool. I noticed the bar tender glance up at me and smile. He was younger than me, handsome and he nodded as I met his look. I looked down and went for the door. It was time to go back to my life.

I touched the handle then stopped to look back. The man at the bar looked up at me and the bar tender was gone somewhere. The man's eyes struck me...he looked just like I felt. I turned away from him. What am I doing? I couldn't walk out the door. I was not the same person that walked in. I mean I had spent countless hours staring at Laura and wondering what it would be like to be with a woman. Now not ten minutes ago I was licking her from behind. I thought of her body and her ass stuck out in front of me and my stomach turned again. I couldn't leave. There was no going back. Not to who I was. I turned around and looked back at the man at the bar.

He was a little older than me—maybe thirty with a firm chin; a nice smile and a kind of sad look in his eyes. I wasn't finished here. It was time to take the next step and to see where it led me. It was time to leave the person I was pretending to be behind and to just let go. I was ready to see who I was and where that would take me.

I glanced down at my slightly wrinkled blouse and skirt. I fiddled with the top button then pulled it open a bit. Why not? I took a deep breath to settle my nerves and walked toward the man at the bar. He watched me approach but I couldn't tell if he was happy to see me come over or not.

"Hi there," I said in almost a whisper. Maybe I wanted my voice to be different?

"Hello," He said in a nice voice. His eyes were green and I liked him.

"So I was about to leave...and then I saw you just sitting here alone."

"I see," he replied. "My name is..."

"I don't want to know," I cut in.

He nodded, "Um...ok. What do you want to know?"

I leaned toward him and whispered in his ear. "I was wondering if I could suck you cock?"

He shifted in his seat and grunted. "I...um...well..."

"I know why you're here," I whispered. "I am here for the same reason. Why don't we go down the hall and see where it leads us?" I looked into his eyes, my face two inches from his, "Green Eyes...my name is School Teacher."

He swallowed hard then nodded. "Ok...let's go."

I took him by the hand and went back toward the hallway.

"Wait," came a voice from behind us.

I turned nervously around. The cute bartender walked up to us. "I need to give you a room." He slid a key into my free hand. "162." He said with a wink. 

I thanked him and we made our way to the room. My heart was thumping in my chest and I felt butterflies in my stomach. My hands were cold with excitement or nerves or both...I couldn't tell which.

We opened the door and stepped in nervously. No time for doubts. I closed the door behind him then stood for a moment and took a deep breath. 

"Um...I want to tell you something," Green Eyes said.

"Are you sure?" I asked worried that he would tell me something he may regret.

"Yeah," He was blushing. "I might...you know...have one...too fast. I just..."

"Shhh..." I put my finger to his lips. I slid my hands down his chest then over his crotch. "Let's just see what happens ok?"

He nodded compliantly. I got down on my knees and fumbled with his pants. I slid them down and smiled to see the tip of his penis slipping out the front of his boxers. He was already getting very excited. I tugged at his boxers and slid them down with his pants down to his ankles. I looked at his cock and almost laughed out loud. It was perfect. Straight and thick, shaved nicely with a perfect set dangling beneath. I grabbed it with one hand and jerked it a couple times. It grew firm at my touch and I heard him take a breath. I opened my mouth and just touched the end with my tongue. 

It twitched at my touched and I felt longing growing in me. My husband never let me finish when I started on him. Of course he loved receiving the attention...but he always stopped me too soon. He never considered that I may like to do it...in fact that I might love to do it. Now here I was with this amazing cock in front of me. I was ready to offer what I could to it. I need to. 

I took it in my mouth as far as I could and wrapped my lips and tongue around it. My body tingled as I tasted it in my mouth. I felt myself starting to let go. I sucked it slowly, only holding it still with my hand so I could take it in and out easily. I took it out of my mouth and licked it on each side. It was damp with my spit and I grew more turned on. I took the tip in my mouth and sucked firmly for a few moments then took it all the way in. I felt Green Eyes' hands on my head as I worked it in my mouth. I quickened my pace and felt his hands grip my hair. I didn't want it to end yet. I slid it out of my mouth and licked it again. 

I pushed it up against his tummy. It was swollen and red from all my attention. His balls hung there in front of me and I began to lick them. With each lick I felt more and more of a craving. I wanted more. I opened my mouth and sucked his left ball and then his right. I licked over his balls again and again, remembering to keep a hand slowly moving up and down his rigid and swollen shaft. I licked and sucked his balls greedily then pushed his shaft back down to my lips. 

I heard him mutter to me as I sucked and it drove me wild. I worked it in my mouth and rubbed it with my tongue. I felt like I wanted to devour it. I opened as wide as I could and took it in as far as I could. I wanted the whole thing and I sucked it as it slid out and pushed it as far as it could go. I almost gagged on it and pushed it back. I never did that before and I took his cock out and stared at it. It was rigid, pulsating and swollen. I grunted hungrily and licked it and began to suck his balls again.

"Oh my..." Green Eyes murmured. He grabbed at my hair and slid his hands down the back of my neck. "Please...don't stop..." he groaned.

I pushed his shaft up and opened my mouth for his balls. I sucked each one then tried to get both and he groaned loudly as I sucked. I felt them shift and I tugged at them with my lips. I licked up to the tip of his dick and started sucking again. I wanted it...I slid my hand over his balls and held them. I knew it was churning in there...I needed it.

He put both hands on the sides of my face and pumped my face against him. I sucked and sucked keeping one hand on his balls and the other I gripped his ass. 

"Uh..." he groaned as he thrust his hips. "I am gonna..."

He pulled my mouth back off his cock and I almost bit at it. I wanted it so bad. I looked up at him in pure lust. "I want to your cum...please...give it to me."

He took a breath and nodded then pressed his cock in my mouth. I sucked it eagerly. I massaged his balls and swallowed with my throat as it hit the back of my mouth. I drooled and watered...my legs were damp from my excitement and I drove my mouth harder each time over his dick. He groaned and bucked his hips.

Then I felt another hand running over my back. Fingers sliding under my collar. I sucked the cock harder and just enjoyed the extra touches. I gripped his ass with both hands and he called out.

"Ahh!" he yelled and I felt his body jerk. His hips bucked wildly and in a sudden rush my mouth was filled with warmth. I grunted and swallowed it as it came dumping out. I sucked growing crazy as I swallowed. I grabbed his cock and pumped it more, wanting every drop. I felt it oozing down my cheek and I sucked more. I didn't want to lose any. 

Then he was still. His dick jerked a few more times and he held my head firmly in both hands. I opened my mouth and licked it. Not a drop was there...I rubbed it off my chin with my thumb and licked it. Warm, salty and wonderful. I looked up at him breathless and wild. I was so wet I couldn't stand it. I had never wanted anything more...ever. I almost grunted with frustration when I saw in his face he was done. Damn men.

Then I felt a push against my cheek. I turned to see another cock jabbing at me. I looked up and saw the bartender looking down at me. His pants were down and he was looking at me intensely. He opened his mouth to speak.

"Shut up," I said as I grabbed his dick. I sucked it vigorously. I let it drop from my mouth and I sucked the side and licked his balls. I wanted more...I couldn't suck it hard enough. He groaned and grunted. I stopped and looked up at him with my hand on his dick. "I want you to fuck me." I said it in a voice I had never heard. I looked up at Green Eyes. "You too when you are ready."

I stood up and Bartender helped me out of my clothes. I was out of my bra and panties faster than I could ever remember doing before. I turned and saw the untouched bed and walked over to it. I leaned over then stopped. "How do you want me?" I asked looking back at Bartender trying to flip my hair unsuccessfully. 

"Just like that," he said. He was holding his cock with one hand and I took a longing breath. 

I wanted to be filled. I could still taste the cum on my lips and I was ready for more. I almost cried out when I felt Bartender's dick pressed against me from behind. He gripped my hips and pushed it in firmly. I slowly took it and breathed out at the same time. He pushed into me—farther and farther until I felt his body against my ass. I groaned as he pulled back then pushed again. I gripped his cock as best as I could and I was amazed at how easily I took him. I had never been this wet before. 

He pumped me slowly...careful to pull back until the tip of his cock was almost out then plunging in again. I pressed my hands against the bed and leaned on all fours. With each pull back I would lean forward and then press against him as he pushed into me. We fell into a rhythm like this: meeting our pushes on his cock...each time pausing at the end at the feeling of his full length inside me. With each deep thrust I wanted more; I wanted it deeper. I let my face lean on the bed and I lay my hands above me, so I could stick my ass in the air for him. I spread my legs as best as I could. With every move I felt his dick moving in me and as I lay forward I groaned as I felt it go deeper.

He maneuvered my hips and ass with his hands and managed to find a better angle and he thrust into me further. So slow and deliberate. I met each thrust with a push back as best as I could I gripped at the bed spread and took breaths in rhythm. He began to quicken his pace. I felt his thumbs spreading my ass so he could go deeper and deeper. I tried to straighten my legs so I could thrust against him.

"Harder...oh..." My body trembled as thrust me hard and I heard our bodies slap together. My orgasm shook me and I called out, "Fuck! Ah, ah...ah..." Each thrust felt deeper and harder. I gripped his cock as best as I could, but my pussy was soaking. Wetness ran down my thighs and slopped on the bed as he fucked me. Faster and faster until he was groaning from the effort. I wondered when he would cum. I begged him to cum for me. To fill me up. 

"No," He said loudly to my surprise.

He yanked his cock from my throbbing pussy. I grunted and looked back at him. He slapped my ass firmly with his hand. "This ass...I was staring at it the whole time you were walking by." He said staring at it. 

"You tease..." I said as I wiggled it. "You want it...here it is." I realized I was sweating and so was he.

Green Eyes' cock was jutting up straight. He stood beside the bed rubbing his beautiful dick and looking at me. "I...I always wanted to fuck a school teacher." He said trembling.

I felt Bartender start to lick me from behind. I closed my eyes in pleasure and moaned. I opened and looked at Green Eyes. I reached for his cock and grabbed it, pulling him onto the bed. "I could suck this cock forever..." I said more to his dick than to him and started sucking it. He rubbed my hair and back as I sucked. 

Bartender was fingering me from behind and thumbing at my clit. I felt another rush over my body and I moaned, letting Green Eyes' cock fall from my mouth. I licked it and sucked it more, then worked on his balls. I knew he loved it. So I sucked his balls with more force and they both went into my wide mouth. Bartender ran his fingers over my asshole. I had never done anal before. The closest I ever had was Laura and Jen's tongue in there. I sucked the balls more and jerked his cock.

Bartender started licking my asshole. He gripped my ass cheeks so tightly and pulled them apart so his tongue would run all up and down my ass. My body tingled and my boobs were swollen. Green Eyes grabbed my nipples and turned them. The pain surprised me and excited me. I stared at his beautiful cock. If I was going to take it in the asshole, it would need to be by this cock.

I looked up at him. "Green Eyes," I said.

He looked down at me with desire. "What is it?"

"Would you put your cock in my ass?" I looked at him, swallowing with each deep lick from Bartender.

He didn't say anything at first. Then he grabbed his own dick and walked behind me. I wiggled so Bartender would move. He moved away so Green Eyes could get in position. I reached back and tugged at Bartender until he crawled next to me. I grabbed his hand as he slid in front of me and touched my chin with his dick. I looked up at him. 

Green Eyes rubbed his hands all over my pussy then rubbed my wet asshole. He licked at my ass then rubbed it more. Gently he rubbed his finger over it and started to push it in. I resisted him out of instinct. Bartender's cock pressed against my lips, then my cheek. The feeling of its heat distracted me and Green Eye's pushed his finger in. I gasped at the discomfort,

"You have never done this before have you?" Bartender asked as he looked over me toward my ass.

I looked up at him with a little fear. "No."

He smiled at me. "School Teacher, your ass was not just built to be looked at. It was made to fuck."

He said it so gently I was amazed at how it sounded. My ass was made to fuck?

I wiggled again as I felt Green Eyes push another finger in. It went from slightly uncomfortable to a little pain. I shook my head, Bartender's cock slapping at me as I did. What was I doing? Was I ready for this? I looked at Bartender and then at his cock so close to my face. I was having sex with two men. Sluts had sex with two men. Is that what I was? I thought of stopping and then Green Eyes pushed the tip of his dick into my ass.

"Ahh!" I cried out. He stopped quickly and I gripped the tip of his enormous cock with my ass. 

Bartender grabbed both my hands and gripped them tightly. Green Eyes rubbed around my burning ass and then pushed again. I felt an aching sensation and stretching. It came in waves as he pushed in slowly. His dick seemed huge as he pushed. I wanted to yell, to tell him to stop, to swear at him and this bartender for...I don't know what. Then I realized my pussy was dripping. My heart was racing. With each painful push I clenched Bartender's hands tighter and waited expectantly for more. I felt full. 

He pushed further and then I felt his body against my ass. "School Teacher, you have my entire cock in your ass." He said breathlessly. 

Pleasure and pain mixed together. I knew I what I wanted so the phrase just slipped out of my mouth. "Fuck me." My mind started racing. My body twitching. I felt like I was on the brink...this was my threshold. I was ready. I opened my mouth and took in the cock waiting for my attention. My ass was burning, but my body was crying out. My mind let go and I felt like I was falling...descending. 

"This is so...tight," Green Eyes said as he pulled back, almost out then pushing in again. I sucked Bartender's cock ravenously. This is what I wanted. I tugged at his cock and balls with my lips and my tongue. Green Eye's pushed in deep and slow. Over and over again until my ass was numb. The pain was still there, but something overtook me by surprise: an orgasm. I screamed against the dick in my mouth.

Then he started to fuck my ass. After a long succession of slow pumps he now was fucking it hard and fast. I closed my eyes and sucked. The empty/ full of the dick in my ass and the sensation drove me crazy. I sucked Bartender's cock and started to jerk it with my hands. He bucked against my mouth as I took his cock. He grabbed my hair and started fucking my mouth groaning with each thrust. My ass gripped Green Eye's cock as tightly as it could and I did my best to breath while the dick knocked against my throat.

Our bodies were slapping and then Green Eyes gripped my ass tightly and yelled. "Oh..." His body shook and he pulsated. He grabbed my hips and yanked me up so the cock was out of my mouth. I was up then back, sitting with his perfect cock in my ass. I squeezed my cheeks against it and felt his balls firmly planted there. He grabbed my boobs from behind and thrusted up a few times. As I slid up and down on his cock I felt the warm cum slipping out. He kissed my neck and nibbled my ear. I took a deep breath then looked at Bartender. He stared at me holding his dick in his hand.

I pushed off of Green Eye's lap then felt the tug of his dickhead against my asshole. My ass cheeks were slimy with his cum. He lifted me off finally and I felt emptiness in my ass. I knew what Bartender wanted and I was ready to give it. Or rather to take it. I turned around in front of him and looked at Green Eye's tired face and cum covered limping dick. I didn't have time to get on my knees as I was pushed down in a sitting position on Bartender's dick.

I felt myself cry out and my eyes watered. The difference in the two cocks was amazing. My body adjusted and gripped his dick. The moving muscles sent chills through my body and when he lifted me and dropped me on his cock for the first time I cried out as an orgasm shook me. I put a hand down over my clit and started rubbing it as he lifted me and dropped me again and again. He grabbed my hair with one hand and did his best to lift me to fuck me. He couldn't manage so I fell forward with my mouth ready to take in Green Eye's damp cock one last time. 

I gripped the cock with my ass so it wouldn't come out. Bartender got over me, grabbed my hips and plunged into me from above and behind. I licked the cum and juice off of Green Eye's cock. It was growing soft and I knew he didn't have any left for me. I let it go and looked up at him as Bartender fucked me. I stared at him and thought of Laura and Jen: their perfect bodies in front of me. I wanted to eat their asses, to suck their boobs...to watch a cock go in their asses and to suck it. 
