 We planned this meeting for months. Krista was coming in from Florida after a convention in Las Vegas. Just a little background on how this was all set up. I met Melissa online and we spoke for months. Melissa was a 19 year old virgin when we met and had always desired to be with a woman. She is a college student at a nearby college, it was close to summer and she would be returning back to Florida. Melissa and Krista met online through a mutual friend. Unfortunately, they were not able to meet up while Melissa was in Florida for the summer. 

I continued to talk with Melissa over her summer break. We spoke about meeting up and letting me go down on her as her first. Then Melissa told me about Krista and that she was coming to see her in Texas. She asked if I wanted to meet with them when Krista comes to town. What guy can say no to an offer of being with two women at once? She gave me Krista's information and how to contact her so we could start getting to know each other. We hit it off immediately. Ok this is too much detail crap we all don't care about so let's get to the good stuff. Shall we? 

Krista's plane got in about 6:30 on Sunday evening and she called to tell me she made it ok. That evening she was to make sure she got plenty of rest after her long convention and the big deal ahead of her on Monday. I spoke to her online until around 10 pm to verify her hotel location and all the fun details. I made sure that she didn't need me to bring anything other that what we already talked about which consisted of toys and lube. 

"Damn it is early!" I said to my self as I climbed out of bed at 5:30 am on Monday. I prepared for the big day. I took my shower and trimmed up all the goodies nice and neatly. I grabbed a few things like my computer, webcam, some sex toys, and the lube. Oh yes, I said webcam! I hit the road and drove the hour to Krista's hotel. I called her to tell her I was close, to give her enough time to wake up and brush her teeth like she asked. 

I knock on her hotel room door. After a minute or so, a barely dressed woman answers the door and lets me in. All she is wearing is a black bra and g-string. I walk into the pitch black room and set my bag down at the foot of the bed. We talked for a minute about little things like how she slept and my drive. It was just a lot of nervous chatter honestly. 

Finally I just leaned in to kiss her. Our lips met and hers felt so soft and warm. It was not long before our soft kisses turned into more passionate and deep kisses. My hands searched her body exploring the new treasure before me. I had her bra off before she laid down on the bed. Her hard nipples were waiting for my mouth and tongue and I did not want them to have to wait long. I kissed down her neck to her C cup breasts. My tongue teased her long thin nipples. Her hand caressed my head as she pulled gently on my hair. 

It was not long before I kissed my way further down her body. I placed small soft kisses down her stomach as I moved closer and closer to her bikini line. Then I hook my fingers around the thin material and pull it down over her knees and off her legs. Her breaths got deeper as I got closer to her. I could feel her heart beating harder and harder. I teased her a little more by running my tongue up and down her smooth legs. She jumped slightly when my warm breath hit the bare skin of her freshly shaven mound. I settled in between her legs as I continued to tease her by lightly touching her pussy with my tongue. With each touch an "Ohhhh...ooooo" escaped her lips. 

I know she really wanted it. I know she was growing impatient with my teasing but it is so much fun to torture before satisfying! I gave in to her. I suddenly thrust my tongue deep into her pussy. Her body almost jumped out of the bed. I wrapped my arms around her legs as I licked and sucked on her engorged clit. Krista's moans got louder and louder. She was grinding her hips into my face as her juices flooded my face. "Oh shit Matt! Oh shit! Eat my pussy just like that baby!" Krista moaned. I flicked her clit harder with each word that came out of her mouth. My tongue circled her clit pressing hard against her mound. Moaning louder as the greatest words a man could hear in this situation were uttered from her mouth "I am cuuuuuuummmmmmmiiinnnnnggggg!" I continued what I was doing since it seemed to be working. I wanted to taste her. I wanted to feel her juices on my tongue. Her legs clinched against my head as I pressed my mouth firmly against her swollen pussy. I tasted her sweet cum finally as she released it into my mouth. Her body twitched and jumped. 

I let her relax a minute before I started licking again. This time I inserted my finger into her pussy as well. I didn't want her to come down too much from her orgasm so I immediately went back to the sucking and licking of her clit while I fingered her wet hole. Then I put a second one in and moved them in and out with the rhythm to match my licking. Then I took my middle finger out of her pussy and slid it into her ass. It slid in easily with her juices. I moved my fingers in and out of her pussy and ass together and then alternating one and the other. She didn't know what to expect. I fingered her hard and fast and then slow and easy. Her body was in shock of all the sensations. I could feel her pussy beginning to tighten as her moans became heavier and heavier. I knew she was getting close to cumming again and I wanted her to cum harder than the last time. I picked up the pace and fingered her pussy harder and harder and I sucked her hard clit into my mouth and suck nursing on it with small quick suckles. Her legs began to twitch with my suckling and she moaned loudly one last time as her body contracted all at once. 

When her body finally relaxed she pulled me up to her mouth and pushed her tongue into my mouth. Our passionate kiss seemed to last forever. Then Krista rolled me over onto my back and she straddled my chest. Her hands worked their way under my shirt and caressed my chest. Then she returned the punishment by teasing me as she kissed her way down my body. Biting and sucking on my skin as she worked slowly on down. She unbuckled my jeans and slid them off. She watched me as her tongue playfully licked the head of my hard cock that was now in her hands. Then she swallowed my hard dick in one swift motion. Her hands toyed with my balls as her head bobbed up and down. Her other hand held tightly onto the shaft of my cock at the base and she worked it up and down in unison with her mouth. Her warm soft mouth felt so fucking good around my hardness. 

I felt her tongue flicking across my swollen mushroom shaped head each time her lips reached the top of my shaft. Up and down her head bobbed quick and then slow, quick and then slow, quick then slow. It was driving me nuts! I wanted to cum so badly but I also wanted to save it for her. Her hand gently massaged my balls and played with the area between my balls and ass. Her fingernails lightly scrape across the area and sent tingles up my spine. That was it. I couldn't take it any longer. I had to have her. I had to feel what it was like buried deep inside her. I pulled her up to me and kissed her lips and pushed my tongue into her warm mouth. 

She pulled away and quietly said "Fuck me Matt. I want you to fuck me baby." I got up and moved between her legs. I caressed her legs as I lined myself up with her waiting wet hole. I moved in closer and I watched carefully as inch by inch my hard cock disappeared inside her. Krista moaned as I filled her. I took a minute to enjoy her warm tight pussy. Then I slowly moved in and out of her. Damn she felt so fucking good! She felt better than I could have imagined. Her pussy was nice and tight since it had been months since she had sex last. Krista was begging for more. She was begging to have me ram her with my hard cock. I didn't need anymore persuasion. I grabbed her knees and started pounding her pussy deep and hard. My balls were slapping against her ass. We could hear them slapping with each thrust. I fucked her hard and then I would slow down and keep a nice even rhythm. Then I would pound her hard again. 

As good as it felt, I knew she would feel even better if I fucked her from behind. I scooted to the edge of the bed and pulled her to me. I slapped her ass and asked her if she was ready. "Mmmmmm....baby! Feed it too me! Oh yes baby that feels so fucking good!" Krista gently moaned. She grabbed the sheets in her hands and clinched them as I started fucking her hard from behind. Her hips were in my hands and I used them to pull her to me as I felt myself so deep inside her. She buried her head in the pillows as I unleashed an animal within I never knew I had. I was fucking harder than ever. I kept saying things like "You like that hard cock? Huh baby, you want me to fuck you hard don't you? You feel so fucking good!" All she could mutter was "Yeah baby! Fuck me just like that!" I felt her already tight pussy squeeze my cock even harder as her body contracted and erupted into a huge orgasm. I kept pounding as her orgasm seemed like it was never going to end. The contractions were too much. "I wanna cum in your mouth." I said as I pulled out of her. She turned around and just as she opened her mouth I filled it with my hot cum. I watched as 4 huge loads filled her mouth. Some of it spilled over and slowly ran down her chin. It didn't get very far before her finger caught it and scooped it back into her mouth. She looked up at me as she swallowed every drop in her mouth. 

I was exhausted. I wiped off the beads of sweat on my forehead and collapsed onto the bed. She laid down beside me and we kissed for a few minutes. It was nearly 9:30 am now and we were both tired. So we just laid there and talked for a little bit. Then we broke out our laptops as we laid there and she went through her music collection and I checked my email and other things. Some time had passed and she started showing me her porn collection on her computer. Her videos ranged from lesbian porn to double penetrations to interracial. I could feel my dick starting to swell slowly. I started to rub her tits as we laid there watching the porn on her computer. 

She knew I was getting hard again and wanted more action. She closed her laptop and moved it out of the way. I watched as her naughty smile made its way down to my now super hard cock. Her lips parted and gently slid around the swollen head in front of her. He mouth was so warm and gentle. Soon her head was bobbing up and down milking my dick of every drop of its juices. Her hand caressed my firm sack as her finger nails lightly scrapped against my tight skin. I didn't think my balls could tighten up any more and I knew I was going to explode again. 

I pulled her up off me and rolled her over onto her back. I slapped my hard cock against her throbbing pussy before slamming it into her. She grabbed her tits and squeezed her nipples as I began to fuck her soaking wet pussy. I used long hard strokes on her. I would pull it almost all the way out and slam it all back in. "Damn it looks so fucking good sliding in and out of you baby!" I pointed out to her. I just kept enjoying each stroke as I built her orgasm up once more. Soon she was grabbing her knees and begging me to make her cum again. In and out I moved as hard as I could. Her moans filled the room as her body started shaking again. 

I got my webcam and told her the rest was going to be on video. "Fuck my ass baby!" she begged. So I got the lube and made sure she was well lubed up. Her hole was so tight when I slowly slid it in. She gasped slightly as I worked it in. "Are you doing ok?" I asked just to make sure she was still ok. "MMHMMMM...just be easy at first." She replied. So I did I got it all in and let her relax and get adjusted to the size. I held the cam pointed at her tight little ass and how it tightly held me inside her. I just kept it focused on her ass as I began to slowly move in and out of her. Each stroke got a little longer. Damn she felt so fucking good gripping my cock. 

I put more lube on just to make sure she is not in any pain. Her moans let me know she was starting to enjoy it. I knew it was my hint to go faster. I slapped her ass and began to fuck her a little harder. She slid her hand down to her clit and massaged her clit as I picked up my pace a little more. "Oh God yes! Fuck my ass Matt! Pound it harder baby!" She screamed. I reached up and grabbed her long blonde hair and used it to pull her to me and meet my every thrust. It was hard to keep the cam steady with all of the motion. Krista's fingers quickly rubbed her pussy as I pounded her ass. I felt that tension building in my balls once again. "I am gonna cum soon baby!" I pumped her as hard as I could. Just before I came I pulled out and made sure the camera was focused on my cock as I erupted and shot several hot loads onto her asshole. As soon as she felt the cum hitting her ass, she had her final orgasm as her legs clinched together, holding her hand there waiting for her body to relax enough to let go of her hand. We both just collapsed onto the bed trying to catch out breath. We agreed it was time to get some lunch before Melissa showed up. 

To be continued...