 This is a story of sex-positive, bisexual male and female eighteen year olds set in the early 90's. So if male on male scenes and girls licking hairy pussies aren't your thing, you might want to bow out now. As always, I appreciate and look forward to your comments.

Chapter 2

Patricia sat on the stairs leading up to Elliot's parent's Kentucky Lake vacation house smoking a cigarette and watching her newish boyfriend, Mitch, unpacking the Ford Bronco they'd come down from St. Louis in. She wore an oversized white Nirvana t-shirt, cut off to expose her bellybutton with wide collar hanging off a shoulder. She pushed her long blonde bangs out of the way of her mouth for another drag, draping it over an ear with six small rings. Her hair was shaved in the back, her jeans ripped and frayed down to the black Doc Martins covering her tiny feet. Petite at just 5'2" and 105 pounds, she was a cute little pixie who looked like she could bite your head off.

Exhaling a plume of smoke past bright pink lips with a tiny ring piercing the top left, her cool blue eyes looked up at Travis, owner of said Ford Bronco, as he approached her with two big sacks of groceries.

"Anyone ever tell you, you have the cutest little nipples," Travis asked with a smile as he passed her and walked into the house.

Patricia looked down at her shirt, wet with sweat and clinging to her pert B cup breasts, and saw the outline and color of her tiny pink nipples clearly visible as she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Yeah, your mom," she called back over her shoulder.

"You wish!" Travis called back.

Patricia thought about that as she took another drag. Travis' mom, from India, was actually pretty hot for a near 50 year old woman. His dad, a white Londoner, had met her on a business trip 25 years ago and produced Travis some 6 years later shortly after moving to the States.

Now her boyfriend, Mitch, walked up to Patricia and stopped in front of her to talk, "Hey you wanna think about putting on a bra or something? You can see right through that shirt."

"Like I give a fuck," Patricia replied.

"Yeah well maybe I do," Mitch shot back.

"Well then maybe you should be dating some nice girl and not getting your dick sucked every night."

Mitch stood there dumbfounded for a second, then shook his head and went inside. Patricia smiled after he'd passed her. It was cute how easy boys were to manipulate. But fuck if short guys didn't always have a complex on stuff and want to prove how tough they were. At 5'5", Derrick was just taller than Patricia but looked up to most guys his age, and had overcompensated by working out obsessively to get the broad body of a running back. He had been third string on the high school team this last year, and even scored a few touchdowns, albeit in meaningless games. Pure Italian, his grandparents had come over from Sicily and settled on The Hill, opening a restaurant there that had some of the best toasted ravioli and veal parmigiana in the STL. And that was saying something.

For all his shortcomings in attitude, though, Patricia thought, what he was able to do to her with that big fat cock of his had her hooked for over three months. Three whole MONTHS! A goddamn record for her. Still, if what she'd heard about Elliot were true, she might have to trade up. She'd thought Elliot was gay gay, but apparently he'd been fucking Lana for quite some time now.

Patricia had had a crush on Elliot since elementary school, and she was going to be damned if she didn't fuck him before the summer was over. And think of the Devil, she mused as she stamped out her cig on the step, there those three fucktwads were.

Patricia watched as Luke, Lana and Elliot pulled into the small boat slip, waving to her. She flicked them off in response just as Travis was bounding down the stairs past her and waving back to them.

"Hey guys," he shouted, "you get started without us? Uncool!"

Patricia rolled her blue eyes as hard as she could and stood up to go inside and get a drink. As she did she turned around and planted her face right into Heather's perfect C cup tits, suspended in a flowery push up swimsuit top.

"Oh, yikes, sorry!" Heather exclaimed and stepped back. Heather was almost a foot taller than Patricia, with long, wavy red hair, a freckled complexion, green eyes and a rock hard body. Heather was a state champion pole vaulter two years running and Patricia's best friend since 6th grade. The two couldn't have been more opposite, and yet they were nearly inseparable.

While Patricia was slowly introducing Heather to the concept of fun, Heather kept Patricia from running away to become a two bit prostitute on the streets of New York City. Well, kept her from running away there with the 22 year old lead singer of the band Patricia had played keyboard for last fall, who almost certainly would have dumped her, leaving her broke and then having to turn tricks to survive. Or something.

"No worries, Longs, my fault, you all done in the room?"

"Yep all yours!" Turning her attention to the dock down the hill she waved, "Hey guys!" Then started to run down to them, her ass swaying in tight short jeanshorts, her tits bouncing merrily along.

Patricia couldn't understand how a girl that hot could still be a virgin. But whatever, she had work to do. Patricia went inside and found Mitch, who was putting away groceries.

"Sorry 'bout the shirt. But I've known these guys forever, we've all seen each other's bits at some point or another, and I hate wearing underwear."

"It's cool," Mitch replied, not looking her way.

"Wanna go up for a quick fuck?"

Mitch smiled, girls were so easy to manipulate. He returned his expression to neutral before turning around to look at her. Why were all the smoking hot girls who loved sex, crazy, he wondered even as he walked over to lift her up. She wrapped her legs around him and gave him a kiss as he walked them upstairs to their room.

The house sported only two bedrooms, a master with a king bed, and a large guest with two queens. Mitch, Travis, Heather and Patricia had all been assigned the guest beds. Luke, Lana and Elliot, well fuck, Patricia wondered as Mitch lay her down on one of the queens and began to pull down her jeans, revealing her completely shaved pussy, were all three of them sharing the master?

But Mitch was fumbling with her shoes now, tied up in double nots, and Patricia was impatient. "Forget the shoes. Just turn me over and fuck me quick."

Mitch flipped her over and Patricia raised her tiny ass in the air as he pulled down his jeans, revealing his already stiff long and thick member. He smacked her ass with a good crack. Patricia responded to the spank with a moan as her pussy quickly went from moist to soaking wet.

Grabbing her hips, Mitch thrust into her, reveling in the feel of her tight pussy clamping around his shaft. Patricia thrust back into him with every stroke, biting her pink lip and using one hand to balance while the other went back to her clit to rub. She felt her orgasm coming on not a minute later. Mitch could really work her cunt like none of the eight guys she'd previously been with, even the 22 year old, Jason. Even Jason and his well hung friend.

She was well into her orgasm, but holding back the scream she wanted to release. She had some decorum, and didn't want to announce to the five others what she was doing, but then heard Mitch start to grunt while still thrusting into her.

"Fuck, Mitch, not in my pussy," she said, pulling away from him and twisting around to take him in her mouth. She was a beat too late though, and instead of in her mouth the first two large squirts of cum hit her in the face and hair before she managed to get his meaty shaft in her mouth to take the remainder. She swallowed the end of his orgasm and then pulled back.

"Oh my god that's so hot," Mitch said of her cum splashed face, it dripping down her chin. She gave him a smack on his cock.

"Yeah well do you know how hard it is to get semen out of hair? Dude, keep it under control next time," she said while getting up and walking to the small guest bath in the room. She was on the pill, of course. Had been since she turned 18 early last summer, but preferred guys to cum in her mouth to her cunt, and so had kept up a fiction with Mitch that she was allergic to both the pill and to latex.

Fuck what a mess, she thought, looking at her hair in the mirror and turned on the shower.

Outside, Luke, Lana and Elliot had made their way up from the dock and were exchanging hugs with Heather and Travis.

"You guys ready for this? It's gonna be epic," Luke said.

"Damn right it's gonna be epic," Travis replied, "Did your sister come through?"

"She did. 6 bottles of purple passion, 2 fifths of tequila, 1 of Jack and a big 36 case of Bud Ice."

"Well what the fuck are we waiting for, let's get started!" Travis said enthusiastically.

Lana chimed in, "It's barely 1pm."

"Yeah, that's why they call it day drinking."

"Where's Pats?" Elliot asked as they began heading inside.

"She went up to change," Heather replied.

"And Mitch?"

"Right here fuckers," Mitch replied as he came down the stairs. "Thanks for the invite, Elliot, this place is fucking rad."

"Glad you like it, Mitch," Elliot replied coolly. Elliot didn't really care for Mitch, and thought the feeling was mutual, but inviting Patricia meant inviting him.

"What's everyone drinking," Luke asked as he opened the fridge.

Fifteen minutes later, Luke was pouring everyone another round of Purple Passion, which, for those who don't know, is basically grape koolaide mixed with everclear. It was cheap, tasted bad, and a single bottle could get five or six teens a nice buzz. Patricia bounded down from upstairs, now in shorts and a black NIN t-shirt and asked for a shot and a drink, officially breaking open the Jack.

By three pm, everyone save Elliot had a pretty good buzz going. Elliot had slowed down so he could drive the boat, and when he suggested it, they all made their way down to the dock and piled in to go for a ride on the lake.

As the boat pulled out, Patricia, who'd taken up residence in the front with Lana, took off her shirt, revealing her braless and bare little titties.

"There she goes," Elliot laughed.

Mitch didn't look amused, but Luke, sitting in the back with him, leaned over and told him, "You know you're dating someone who's practically a nudist, right? Girl has been getting naked in front of us forever. Hers were the first live tits I ever saw."

"Yeah well she's dating me so she shouldn't be showing them to everyone whether you've seen them before or not."

"Chill dude, you may be fucking her but Pats is gonna do what Pats is gonna do. If you can't handle that you probably shouldn't be with her."

Mitch seemed to consider that, and besides was watching the front as Lana was taking off her swimsuit top, revealing her large dark breasts and nipples for everyone to see. Mitch didn't usually go for thicker girls, but Lana he thought had just the right amount of curve to her. Not what you'd call chunky, but certainly not petite like Patricia or athletic like Heather. And that exotic mix of Creole straight from Baton Rouge and Italian from St. Louis? Mitch wouldn't have any issue dipping into that.

"You see! It feels great doesn't it?" Patricia screamed at Lana over the growing noise of the boat getting up to speed.

As Patricia had taken off her top, she'd asked Lana to join her, and to Patricia's surprise, she'd decided to. And, Lana thought, it did feel great. Of course she'd already been naked on the boat when she fucked Luke a few hours ago, but Patricia didn't know that. And it was different getting naked in front of her other friends, and especially Mitch, whom she barely knew.

"It feels awesome!"

"Longs, you gonna join us?" asked Patricia.

Heather, behind the windshield next to Elliot in the Captains seat shook her head disapprovingly. Travis, sitting behind her and eyes bugging out at seeing Lana's dark brown large breasts and wide nipples for the first time, said "Yeah Heather, you should get up there with those two. What are you waiting for?"

"Don't push it, Travis," Elliot said from the captain's chair. Somehow his thick brown hair was perfect even in the 25 mile and hour wind of the moving ski boat. "Everyone gets to make up their own mind about what they will and won't do when you're on my boat."

"Hmmm, you're right!" Travis replied. He stood up, dropped his shorts and strode confidently up to the front of the boat, his brown skin, pudgy body and thick pubic hair revealed to the world. His penis was barely visible through the mess of hair.

Lana and Patricia broke out in laughter as Travis made his way to the bow, sitting on it to put his small flaccid cock and balls directly into the line site of the entire boat. They couldn't look forward without seeing him, and he smiled broadly, "You see what you made me do, Heather? This is all on you!"

Elliot gave a hard tug on the steering wheel, causing Travis to have to grab onto the railing to keep from falling over the side of the boat. "Oh, you can't handle seeing my manhood? How about this?" And he turned around, put both hands on the railing and pushed his ass in the air for all to see. Lana sat up and gave it a hard slap, then Patricia did the same. They went back and forth for a while, really smacking hard. Finally Travis stood up and put his hands up, "Okay, okay, damn that hurt. I'll get the shorts back on."

Elliot dropped the boat into neutral and said, "Who's up to ski?"

Two hours later, with their buzzes having worn off and everyone having had their fill of waterskiing for the day, they returned to the lakehouse talking about what to grill.

***

A couple hours past sunset on that first night, the seven friends sat on the back porch in a puddle of laughter. Two bottles of Purple Passion lay empty on their sides among the pile of plates and leftover burgers along with a dozen crushed cans of beer. Travis took a swig from the half empty bottle of Tequila and passed it to Heather on his left, who shook her head.

"I'm fine, I've had four drinks and my head is already swimming."

Patricia grabbed it from Travis' hand and took a swig herself. "That's cause you haven't built up a tolerance yet," Patricia told her friend.

"Why would I want to do that?" Heather asked honestly.

That sent the group into another round of out of control laughter. When it finally died down a few minutes later, Luke and Elliot, who had been sitting close all night and whispering to each other, stood up.

"I think we're going to make it an early night," Luke said.

"What?!" Travis exclaimed, "It's barely 11pm!"

"Yeah well we were up early and besides, want to save some of the alcohol for tomorrow," Elliot replied.

"Get off it," Patricia said, the slightest slur in her voice, "You guys are going up to bone."

Luke felt a moment of panic wash over him. They'd never told their friends about any of what had gone on. No else even knew for sure that Luke was bi. Luke's gaze caught Lana's. She had a wry little smile on her face that seemed to say it was up to him, but she was fine if he let out the secret.

Fuck it, Luke thought, then said, "We sure are. Lana, you want to join us?"

"I'll be up in a little while, I might want to go for a swim first," Lana replied, "Just don't wear yourselves out before I get up there."

"No promises," Elliot replied, amazed at how good it felt to have the weight of their secret lifted.

Elliot and Luke then went into the house, leaving the other five sitting in stunned silence under the moonlit sky.

"Wait a second," Patricia said, her gaze locked on Lana, "All THREE of you are fucking? Together?"

Lana nodded, "Yep."

"Whoaaaaa," Travis said in a low voice, a puzzled look on his face.

Heather grabbed the bottle of Tequila off the patio and took a swig. "So Luke and Elliot are having sex, and you are having sex with Luke?"

"And Elliot," Lana replied, taking the bottle from Heather and taking her own swig.

"Like an actual threesome? Holy fuck!" Travis exclaimed.

Mitch hadn't said a word, had remained still, but Patricia now looked at him and saw his jaw muscles working tightly. Patricia knew that his temper was rising, and rising quickly.

"Hey, let's go for a walk," Patricia said to him, standing and offering her hand.

Mitch didn't say a word, just continued to stare straight ahead. Lana was just starting to get worried when Patricia continued.

"Come on, I've always wanted to suck your cock under the stars."

That finally broke through to Mitch, and he stood up and was led off into the woods behind the house.

"Well, just us now. So you know I'd totally be okay with a threesome with you two," Travis quipped, raising his eyebrows suggestively.

"How about a swim in the lake instead, it's beautiful out," Lana replied.

"Naked?" he asked hopefully, not thinking it was actually a possibility.

"Yes, naked. I want to skinny-dip under the stars. As long as I can trust you not to try anything stupid like grabbing my pussy and then trying to claim it was just 'cause you were drunk."

"Hands to myself, promise," Travis replied quickly as he stood.

Lana stood with him, then turned to Heather, who had a furrowed brow. Lana asked gently, "Heather, you're welcome to join us. If you want."

Heather had been ready to go inside, get under the covers and rub herself to orgasm, something she'd only started doing just three months ago. She'd caught Patricia doing it during a sleepover, and had been mesmerized by the look on Patricia's face and the pleasure it seemed to give her.

She'd known about masturbation, of course, but didn't think it was something girls actually did. And she'd known the tingle that the pole she used to vault with sometimes gave her, but she'd never tried until after seeing Pats that night. Since then she couldn't get enough of it, sometimes even getting a bathroom pass at school to go and rub one out.

It was something about the way Lana had asked. She wasn't trying to entice Heather into it, was just sincerely asking her to be a part of it if she wanted to. She was being included. And besides, she wanted to ask about a thousand questions about Luke, Lana and Elliot, and thought it might be her only chance.

"No touching yourself either," Heather replied while looking at Travis and then stood as well. "Promise that and I'll join too."

"No touching myself or others, copy! Let's do this!"

The three made their way down to the dock. Travis' grin lit the way in the darkness.

***

Patricia and Mitch had wound their way through the trees a hundred or so yards into the woods hugging the lake until Patricia found a suitable spot and stopped Mitch next to a large oak. Neither the cabin nor the lake were visible. Neither had said a word as they made their way.

She spoke as she knelt down in front of him and began to unzip his jeans. "I didn't know that Luke and Elliot were fucking. But I told you Elliot was gay and you said you were fine with that."

She now worked his jeans down to his ankles, then reached up a hand and grabbed his large soft cock through his boxers. Mitch still didn't say a word.

"These are my best friends in the world. They may be a bit crazy. A bit deviant. But so am I."

She felt his cock begin to stiffen and put her mouth on it over the boxer shorts, breathing hot, moist air onto it and bringing it fully to life.

"If you are thinking about going, that's fine. I'm staying though."

Now she pulled his boxers down and took hold of his long thick dick again, her small fingers barely able to encircle it. She took two long strokes and then licked the dribble of pre-cum that formed there.

"Mmmm. And I promise if you stay, we are going to have a great time. I saw the way you looked at Lana. Could you imagine fucking me while I lick her breasts..." she said, sticking out her tongue to touch it to her own rock hard nipple. "...or her pussy?"
