 This is a story of sex-positive, bisexual male and female eighteen year olds set in the early 90's. So if male on male scenes (though none in this chapter) and girls licking hairy pussies (lots and lots of that in this chapter) aren't your thing, you might want to bow out now. As always, I appreciate and look forward to your comments.

Chapter 3

Travis woke up early the morning following the skinny dip still not quite believing what had happened the night before. In fact, he had barely slept at all as his mind continued to replay the events over and over again.

He was laying on top of the covers in long pajamas, Heather asleep under the same covers next to him in the queen bed, a layer of pillows between them. Patricia and Mitch had wanted to sleep in the same bed, and this was the compromise Heather had made with him so that he wouldn't have to sleep on the couch.

"But if you tell anyone we slept together," she told him last night, "I swear I'll kill you. I'll fucking kill you, Travis."

Travis had swore up and down and even included the "No touching myself or others," joke from the lake. Heather had actually laughed at that and they'd gotten into the bed.

His eyes now drifted in the early morning light over to the other queen in the room and was greeted to the sight of Patricia's tiny little naked ass pointed in his direction. Her arm lay draped over her boyfriend Mitch. She was perhaps half his size, maybe smaller, not athletic like Heather or curvy like Lana, just a tiny little cute pixie. Travis felt his cock begin to stir at the sight of her, and figured he better get downstairs and start cooking breakfast before he broke the rules and started touching himself.

Travis got out of bed and took one last look at Heather's cute freckled face and red hair. He'd had a crush on her forever, and even kissed her once during a game of spin the bottle, but had never had the courage to ask her out. Travis was pudgy, nerdy, and while he could always make the group laugh with his wit, he secretly worried that they were laughing at him, not with him.

But the moment he'd shared with Heather in the lake, them both masturbating themselves as they watched Patricia eat Lana's pussy on the side of the dock even while Mitch was fucking Patricia from behind, had built his confidence. Her letting him sleep in her bed built it even more. Still, he thought, better to play it cool. Last night was probably an anomaly.

Travis was okay being the goofball butt of the jokes with his friends. In the end he knew they accepted and liked his antics. He could always be himself around them and tell them anything. Which was why it was so hard keeping the secret he had since last Christmas break.

His friends all thought Travis was still a virgin. He wasn't, but then again, if you couldn't tell anyone, did it really happen? As he filled the coffee carafe to start a brew, Travis started daydreaming about that experience from seven months ago.

***

It was the Friday after Christmas and before New Year's, and it seemed all Travis' friends were either working or out on a date, leaving him alone for the evening. His parents were having friends over, and when he saw the hot tub go on after dinner, he knew they would be partying late.

He also guessed that meant they would have replenished their stash. Sure enough, he found the quarter bag of weed in his dad's sock drawer (right next to his stack of Penthouse) and pinched enough to roll a joint for himself.

HBO was having a Reel Sex marathon that night, and Travis planned on smoking a joint, watching the show in his bedroom, jacking off two or three times and falling to sleep. So when the Smiths and the Pedersons got over around 8 that night, Travis was already in the basement with a plate of cookies, a glass of milk and ready to enjoy himself. He lit some incense, then his joint, and blew smoke rings while watching a segment about a nudist resort in Jamaica.

Three hours and two orgasms later, the cookies and milk were gone and the munchies had fully set in. The current segment wasn't really interesting, so Travis decided to head upstairs for another snack. Plate and cup in hand, Travis turned the corner into the kitchen and was greeted by the sight of a woman's bare ass at his refrigerator.

The plate and cup clattered to the ground, and miraculously didn't break, announcing Travis in the room. The woman, Travis now realized, was a completely naked Mrs. Pederson. Luke's mom. She had been bent over looking for something in the bottom of the fridge, and now began to stand and turn towards Travis due to the noise.

"Ben, do you know where..." she started as she turned around to face Travis, the sentence cutting off as she realized who it was who was now in the room with her.

Travis stood there dumbfounded, unable to speak or move. Here was Luke's mom, all 5 foot 10 of her, standing naked in his parent's kitchen. Her blonde permed hair fell down over her shoulders, her heavy breasts and wide nipples swayed a bit from the leftover momentum of her having turned around. A thick bushy triangle of still wet hair was at the nexus of her legs. Her waist and hips were thick, but not fat, the body of a mother. Travis then noticed that she was dripping water onto the linoleum floor of the kitchen. Had she been in the hot tub like that, Travis wondered as his brain began working again.

"Oh, um, oh my god, sorry Mrs. Pederson," Travis stammered as he looked down to the floor. "I didn't mean to..."

"I'm the one walking around your house naked, it's my fault, Travis, nothing to be sorry for," she said.

Travis couldn't help himself, and looked back up at the stunning woman in her mid 40s. She was not attempting to cover herself in any way.

"Um, Mrs. Pederson?"

"Yes, Travis."

"Um, why are you naked in my house?"

"I came inside to get some strawberries for the hot tub. Everyone's got the munchies."

Travis' head nearly exploded then as he realized the full implication of what Mrs. Pederson was saying combined with the fact that she was now walking towards Travis. He'd seen a segment not an hour before about swingers. Were his parent's...

"I didn't know you were here. I thought you'd be out with Luke."

"No mam," Travis stammered. "He's out on a date tonight."

"Right, with that cute little cheerleader?"

"Yes, mam."

"Don't call me, mam."

"Um, okay, Mrs. Pederson."

She was now just a few feet away. Travis could see the lips of her pussy through her hair now as he kept his head down.

"Or, Mrs. Pederson."

"Okay."

"Call me Gwen."

"Okay, Mrs. Ped... Gwen."

"Better," she said as she reached out her hand to touch Travis' cheek. "Well, can I trust you won't tell Luke about what you saw here tonight?"

"Um, no ma... of course not Gwen."

Gwen spent some time eyeing Travis then, and seemed to be making her mind up about something. Finally, she asked, "Have you ever been this close to a naked woman before, Travis?"

"What?"

"No, you defiantly haven't," she mused. "And I bet you've never had your cock sucked by a woman either?"

"Um, what..." Travis stammered as Gwen began to drop to her knees in front of him. Travis pinched himself quickly to make sure he wasn't dreaming.

"You're not dreaming," Gwen said as she pulled down his shorts, revealing an already erect seven inch long, thin, dark penis. "Well look at you."

"Um, Mrs.... Gwen, um what about Mr. Pederson?" Travis said with real worry in his voice.

"Oh I'm sure he's fine. When I left him he was fucking your mom in the tub," she replied and then took Travis into her mouth and down her throat.

If Travis hadn't already jacked off twice that night, he was sure he would have cum right then. His hands went into Gwen's hair and he sighed deeply. It was everything he'd ever dreamed it would be.

When Gwen stopped less than a minute later, Travis was disappointed but happy. He would be able to masturbate about this for months. She pulled his shorts back up as she stood up and gave him a kiss on the forehead.

"Would you like to fuck me, Travis?" she asked as she looked at him straight in the eyes.

Travis didn't say anything, completely stunned by the question.

"Just promise me Luke won't find out. That means not telling ANY of your friends."

Travis nodded.

"I need to hear you promise."

"I promise," he said through a squeaky voice.

Gwen laughed then, a giggle at first that turned into a full powered laugh, "Oh my god this is like something out of Penthouse Letters. Where's your room?"

Travis pointed to the basement door.

"Let's go stud, I want some of that 18 year old cock in me right now."

Travis' heart felt like it was going to beat out of his chest. He tried to calm himself down, but it was impossible. He was about to lose his virginity. With the hot mom of one of his best friends.

As they got to his bedroom door, Mrs. Pederson stopped for a second. "You're okay with this, right Travis? Losing your virginity to an old woman like me."

"You're beautiful, Mrs. Pederson. Not old," he replied sincerely.

"God that's a good answer," she replied and kissed him. They closed the door behind them and fell onto Travis' bed. She pulled his shorts off him once again and straddled him, her hot pussy lips spread over his shaft. She began moving her hips back and forth, slicking his dick with her juices. Travis lay there perfectly still, afraid to touch her or move in any way.

"Oh my god, you're so nervous. It's really cute, but I really probably shouldn't be doing this. Should we be doing this, Travis?"

"Um, yes, Gwen. Please don't stop now. I want to. I just don't know what to do"

She smiled at him. "Well, I guess if we are going to do this, it should at least be educational for you."

She turned around on top of him and moved back towards his face.

"A lot of men just want to jump right into the fucking. But if you want to keep a woman, you need to be able to pleasure her. For most women, that will depend on how well you can use your tongue and fingers."

Mitch watched in awe as Mrs. Pederson's pussy hovered just inches above his face. A powerful, beautiful smell filled his nose. She reached under herself and spread her pussy lips apart, revealing the hole and a small little bump just above it through her wet hair.

"That little bump just above the entrance to my cunt," she said, laying a long fingernail on it, "is my clit. That's the way to a woman's soul, Travis. You learn to play that little bundle of nerves properly, and a woman will do anything for you."

She started rubbing it now, letting out little coos as she did.

"Why don't you try putting your tongue on it."

Travis did as he was told, sticking out his tongue and savoring the new taste, all thoughts of food forgotten.

"That's it. Yes that's it, you're a natural. You can make little swirling motions, or flick it, or write the alphabet on it," she continued. "But the important thing to remember is to listen to how the woman responds. Really listen. Every woman is different and the way her voice and body respond will guide you. Some like it hard, some soft, some fast some... ahhghhhh!"

Travis had taken her clit between his lips and pulled back on it slightly, causing Mrs. Pederson to moan in pleasure. He released her, licked her again and then took her between her lips again, once again getting the moan. With that he began to feel juices running down his face. Mrs. Pederson grabbed his cock and began to stroke it as he worked her. He continued to work her clit with his tongue, fiercely concentrating on every little sound and motion of her body. He quickly realized what was making her moan the loudest, and kept doing that.

"Okay, okay. Now once she begins to respond, you can try sliding a finger into her."

Once again, Travis did as he was told. Mrs. Pederson responded with a shudder and a moan.

"Oh my fucking god, Travis. Oh my fucking god, yes!" She said and took him into her mouth once more. Once more Travis could feel it go down her throat. He moaned into her pussy, and the vibration sent her over the edge, her hips bucking on top of his face. He slipped a second finger into her and could now feel the muscles there contracting around his digits.

To Travis, Mrs. Pederson's orgasm seemed like it lasted forever, though it wasn't more than thirty or forty seconds. When she finally stopped shaking, she lay on top of him for just a moment, then got up and turned back around.

"You keep eating pussy like that, Travis, and you won't have any problem."

Once again he felt her steaming hot cunt on his dick, this time she grabbed it and slid it into her.

Travis was sure he was in heaven. Every nerve in his body delivered nothing but pleasure to his brain. Mrs. Pederson sat up, her breasts rising and falling as she ground her pussy into him. The walls of her cunt massaged his cock inside her. He grabbed her wide hips as she moved on top of him and started to feel his orgasm building. He didn't want this to stop though, and tried to slow down.

Mrs. Pederson wasn't having any of that.

"Cum for me Travis. Cum inside my pussy!" she cried out as she clamped down on his cock with her cunt and lifted nearly all the way off him, then came back down.

Travis did as he was told. He began to buck into her from underneath, matching his movement to hers and feeling his balls tighten and then finally release. He struggled with all his might not to scream out, and just when he thought he couldn't bear it any longer, Gwen fell back on top of him and kissed him deeply, stealing the breath from him.

They continued to kiss like that for a long few minutes as he lay inside her, his dick softening but beginning to twitch again when she finally rolled off him.

"I haven't been fucked like that since high school. Thank you, Travis. I better get back before they send a search party."

She stood up and looked back at Travis, "Some young lady is going to be very lucky to find you."

With that, Mrs. Pederson walked out of the room and back upstairs. Travis jacked off three more times that night thinking about it.

***

And now, bacon cooking in the frying pan, his dick hard again from the memory, Travis had to fight off the urge once more. Part of him still wondering if he had dreamed the whole thing.

Thankfully, the smell of bacon had brought Luke and Elliot down from upstairs. Twenty minutes later, everyone save Patricia had made it down and was eating the French toast, bacon and eggs sitting on the large kitchen table.

Thirty minutes into breakfast, no one had said a word about last night. Luke had thought a lot over the last day about what Lana had told him on the boat. And what she had done after Luke and Elliot had gone upstairs. He'd decided not only was he fine with it, but he wondered how much further it could go with the seven of them. Patricia and Mitch were certainly into exploring, but he wasn't sure about Heather and Travis.

"So what's on the agenda for today?"

"I was thinking about the quarry," Lana replied.

There was general consensus that rock diving at the quarry sounded like a great way to get the day started. Breakfast continued with talking and laughter, but discussion about last night's activities never came up.

It was just after 10am when the seven piled back into the ski boat for the thirty minute ride to the quarry. Once again, Lana and Patricia removed their tops as soon as the boat had taken off. This time, without prompting, Heather joined them. She stayed as low as possible, laying down on the front bench of the boat, her hard, freckled breasts, perfect C cups, exposed in the light of day.

Across from her, Lana and Patricia sat next to each other upright. Lana proudly displaying her large dark breasts next to Patricia's small pale white ones. The girls were talking, though not loud enough for Heather to be able to hear over the rush of wind. Heather's pussy tingled and ached. Just being topless was nearly as arousing to her as rubbing her own clit.

Luke, Elliot and Mitch had all hooted and hollered when she removed her top. It was good nature cheer, she thought. Travis had remained silent though, and she noticed that while he was looking at her as she removed her top, he was looking her in the eye. It seemed he was taking the no ogling rule to heart. Good for him.

As they approached the quarry, Elliot saw there were already quite a few boats in the little protected bay. He suggested the girls all put their tops back on less they were capsized by all the college age frat boys swarming the boat. Reluctantly, they all did.

Patricia and Travis offered to stay on the boat as the others went up for a dive. Travis because he wasn't athletic, was tired, and wanted to smoke the joint he'd brought with him. Patricia because she figured Travis had brought weed and wanted to get some.

They watched as the other five began their ascent of the thirty foot cliff, graffiti painted on the side and a few other people already near the top.

"You look exhausted," Patricia said as she took the lit joint from Travis.

"Yeah, didn't get much sleep last night," he replied, exhaling a big plume of smoke.

"You know, you were pretty cool last night. And Longs taking off her top this morning wouldn't have happened if she didn't feel comfortable about it."

Travis gave Patricia a skeptical look.

"Since when are you so nice?"

"Since I figured out that I might finally be able to get Longs laid! What could be more perfect than two virgins discovering the joys of sex on a..."

Patricia paused as she considered the look on Travis face.

"Oh fuck, bullshit. When? Who?"

Travis looked like a kid who'd just had is hand caught in the cookie jar. "I can't... It's no one from school. I promised I wouldn't tell."

Patricia considered him a long minute. "You know you're a really nice guy, Travis. It's too bad I like assholes."

She pointed up to the top of the cliff, where Luke, in all his lacrosse jock blonde hair hard body gorgeousness was holding Lana's hand, her other hand holding Elliot's tall, dark swimmer body. Lana turned to kiss Elliot, then Luke, and then the three of them jumped off and into the water together, making a huge splash as they did.

That left Heather and Patricia's boyfriend, Mitch at the top. She towered over him at her six feet to his not even five and a half. Her red hair blazed in the morning sun, her long pale, freckled perfect body next to his thick and muscled Italian bruiser frame.

"I don't think I can do it!" she yelled from the top.

Mitch put a hand on the small of her back. Jesus, Patricia thought, he moves fast. She should never had suggested the possibility of the three of them fucking. He was going to be obsessed with it now and Patricia thought it very unlikely that Longs would decide to lose her virginity to a guy like him. But there he was, being sweet to her, whispering in her ear. Patricia saw her nod something, she grabbed his hand, and the both ran off the edge, jumping out and plummeting down into the water.

"You really not going up, Travis?" Patricia asked as Luke, Lana and Elliot made their way over to the boat.

"Look at me, come on," Travis replied.

"Half way up," Heather asked.

But Travis shook his head, "Go up with Elliot and Luke."

"Yeah, I could go for another," Luke replied, coming up the ladder.

"And I could go for some of that pot," Lana added.

So Travis shared the rest of his joint with Lana as Patricia, Luke and Elliot made their way back to the cliff. Heather and Mitch had gone right back to jump again, and so were ahead of them.

Elliot and Luke helped Patricia scramble up the cliffs. She was so short that she had some difficulty in a couple of sections. God, she thought, Lana was a lucky girl to be fucking both of these guys. She caught a glimpse of Elliot's cock through the bottom of his swim trunks at one point of the climb and felt her pussy get moist. If there was ever going to be a right time for her to have her childhood crush, this weekend might just be it.
