 Seven young friends spend a weekend together in the summer of '92.

This is a story of sex-positive, bisexual male and female eighteen year olds set in the early 90's. So if male on male scenes and girls licking hairy pussies aren't your thing, you might want to bow out now. As always, I appreciate and look forward to your comments.

Chapter 1

There may be no better time and place in the world to be than July on Kentucky Lake. Days just warm enough that you move a little slower and can enjoy the lake, but not so hot as to make you wish for air conditioning. Nights where you can sit out till the early morning hours in nothing but a pair of boxers and not feel a chill. Clouds dot the sky, but if it rains, it's never for long.

It was one of those perfect days in late July 1992 and still before noon when three friends... Three ex-lovers... pulled into the long driveway leading to a lakefront cabin. They'd come first to get the house ready for the other four who would be joining them that night for a long weekend of boating and drinking and bullshitting before Luke became the first of their group to head out to college.

Luke was driving his red Camero, Elliot next to him and Lana crammed in the tiny back seat. The trip down from St. Louis had been a quiet one.

"So you wanna fuck before we unpack?" Luke asked with a grin as he set the parking break.

Elliot shook his bushy head of dark, perfectly arranged hair, and met Luke's cool blue eyes with his own brown ones while Lana punched Luke on the shoulder from the back seat.

"Come on, you're both thinking about it. The others won't be here for another 6 or 7 hours. This could be our only chance. One last fling. What do you say?"

"I say let me get out of this tiny back seat before I lose it," Lana replied non committaly.

"So that's not a no?"

"Oh for the love of god," Elliot replied and opened his door, flicking the lever on the seat as he got up to roll it forward and let Lana out. He held out a hand to her as he did.

Luke then got out and popped the trunk. Inside were two shopping bags full of two liters of purple passion, 2 bottles of tequila and 1 bottle of jack. A case of beer. Each of their bags. The other group was bringing the food. Luke had called in a huge favor with his older sister to get the alcohol. She'd owed him for the time with the guy in the room.

Everyone grabbed something from the trunk and they headed up to the front door of the cabin. It was the first time they had been to Elliot's parent's vacation home since spring break, when they had consummated the relationship between the three of them and then spent the week exploring all of the ways two young men and one young woman could pleasure each other.

And then they got back home, and Luke had gotten his lacrosse scholarship to Hopkins, and the passion and exuberance of that week had been forgotten as everyone realized what that meant. They'd stayed friends of course. They'd been friends since grade school, after all, but the spark had been doused by the reality that it couldn't last.

Luke nearly didn't take the scholarship, but when he suggested he was having second thoughts to his father, it was made crystal clear that not accepting would mean paying his own way for a local school, including rent to his parents. He didn't think he had a choice.

Just three months past 18, Luke felt like it was an impossible and unfair choice to have to make. How could he give up two people he cared so deeply about? Who'd discovered together the surprising and amazing way in which they all complimented each other. Who were so fucking good looking!

Lana was a 5'8" Italian and Creole mixed race beauty. Skin the color of coffee with just a splash of milk in it, with luxurious dark and curly hair that reached past her shoulders. Her eighteen year old, large, firm breasts filled out a sweater with ease and drew stares when she was in a bathing suit. But those eyes, green with tiny flecks of gold, could stare right into your soul and steal your breath, Luke thought.

Never one for sports, Lana didn't have an athletic body like Luke's first girlfriend. Lana had a curve to her belly and a gorgeous round ass. She was also the smartest person Luke knew and a complete computer geek. She always wore her big red glasses when she was programing, and Luke thought she was even hotter when she had them on. Lana hated the cheap things she'd had since freshman year. She was going to community college in the fall to study programing for two years before hopefully transferring to one of the UM schools.

Elliot, meanwhile, was a 6'2" swimmer and drama nerd, with the body and impeccable sense of style to match. German with a Mexican grandmother who gave him his darker complexion and dreamy brown eyes. Elliot had come out of the closet as a junior and never looked back. He was the first in their school to do it, and the trouble he found by doing so was mitigated by the support of his friends.

Luke especially as he had his own secret that until senior year he hadn't told anyone. Luke had believed for quite a while that he was bisexual, but Lana and Elliot would be the first he told. And Elliot's beautiful (there really was no other word for it) seven inch cock had been the first Luke ever had in his mouth. What an amazing 18th birthday surprise that had been.

***

The three of them had ended up in Lana's parent's basement after celebrating Luke's birthday with other friends. Luke had told them just a week before that he thought he might be bi.

"I'll keep a lookout," Lana had said when they were on the couch. "You boys have fun."

Lana had kept a lookout, but as Elliot moved his hands down to unzip Luke's jeans and pull his cock out, her eyes darted back to watch them as well. And as Elliot moved his head down to first kiss and lick, then eventually begin to suck Luke's thick, six inch dick, Lana's own hand moved under her jeans and began to rub her clit through the thick and kinky hair around her pussy.

She'd been attracted to Luke's blond haired blue eyed all American jock look for as long as she could remember. Was even more attracted to his heart. She'd never make the mistake of calling Luke a sensitive guy, but he lived with a confidence and passion for life, and a smile for others, and a way of looking at a person without judging them that most other people tried to fake but that felt real with Luke. Being around him was always both incredibly intense and completely relaxed. And now here she was getting herself off while watching him get blown by her best friend. God it was hot, she thought.

Luke watched Lana in shock. Not only had she helped set this whole thing up, she was obviously enjoying it. What if the three of them...

But before he could get any further with that fantasy, the reality of having his dick sucked by another man caught up with him, and Luke began to shoot his cum into Elliot's mouth. Most of it dribbled out around his cock and down to his balls. The orgasm had been incredibly strong and it had taken everything for Luke not to cry out with it.

Once recovered, Luke then went to return the favor, taking out Elliot's stiff member, and like had just been done to him, started by kissing and licking around the head while he stroked it. His eyes darted up to Lana for a moment, and saw her eyes closed and lips parted, her hand working furiously under her jeans. She began to orgasm just as Luke took Elliot into his mouth, tasting the salty pre-cum that had built up there."

"You're a natural, Luke, god that feels good," Elliot cooed as Luke worked him.

It didn't take long for Elliot to begin his orgasm, filling Luke's mouth with thick ropes of cum. Luke didn't dislike it. He felt powerful from being able to do this to Elliot. And he knew for sure now. He liked both men and women.

***

The house was stifling hot, and the three of them set down the groceries in the kitchen and went to start opening windows everywhere. That helped, but by the time the three of them had gotten back to the kitchen, they'd all removed their shirts.

Luke looked at Lana hungrily as she came into the kitchen, but before he could say a word she replied, "No, this doesn't mean we are going to bone. Keep looking at me like that though and I'll just have to suffer through the heat with my shirt on."

The bra she wore was thin and showed off her erect nipples. Luke had felt his cock stir the moment he saw her, but now played it cool, "Wasn't going to say a word."

"Let's get the fridge stocked and hit the lake. Wanna check out the boat anyhow," Elliot said.

Someone else trying to play it cool, Luke thought. He'd seen the way Elliot looked at him when he came in the room just a moment before. They could play it cool if they wanted, Luke mused, but there was no way this didn't end with the three of them getting sweaty together in the big master bed.

***

The basement make out sessions between Luke and Elliot had continued once or twice a week after the first night. Lana continued to watch and continued to pleasure herself while the boys sucked each other off. If her parents weren't home, she'd sometimes take off her top and jeans when she did. The first time she had, Luke watched her intently as Elliot worked his stiff penis.

"You coming to join us?"

"You wish."

"Yes, I do." He'd replied back while looking her right in the eye. The comment had earned a bit of teeth from Elliot and a playful slap on Luke's muscled abs.

"What would your boyfriend say?"

Luke hadn't really ever thought of Elliot as his boyfriend. Just a friend who was sucking his dick. And whose dick he was sucking. But not a boyfriend.

"I don't know," Luke replied. "Elliot, what would you say to Lana joining us over here?"

Elliot came up from Luke's cock, "I'd say to keep that cootch over on the other side of the room where it's safe."

Elliot went back to Luke's cock, and Luke's eyes went back to Lana as she continued to masturbate.

***

As Elliot pulled the cover off the 18 foot skiboat, Lana and Luke jumped into the lake. Lana went in her jean shorts and bra, Luke in his boxers. The water felt exquisite, cooling them off and finally settling down Luke's raging hard on.

"God the water is amazing," Lana said after coming back up from her dive and seeing Luke just a few feet away.

"Not like April, that's for sure."

"No, not like April."

***

Paranoia about being caught by her parents had kept Luke and Elliot from attempting to go all the way in Lana's basement. Elliot had finally had the brilliant idea to ask his parents about using the lake house for spring break, and to everyone's surprise they'd agreed.

On their second afternoon, the sun had been unseasonably hot, and near sunset the guys got the brilliant idea to throw Lana into the lake, sick of hearing her complain about how sweaty she was. They'd jumped in after her, not really understanding just how cold it would be.

The frigid water hit them like diving into a pool of knives. It was all they could do to get back out of the water and up to the house, shivering uncontrollably. They'd stripped out of their wet clothes and huddled together with a blanket by the fireplace, where Elliot quickly threw on an oil drenched starter log and four big pieces of wood. The three of them sat in a row watching the fire begin, Lana one side of Elliot, Luke on the other.

"You guys are such idiots," Lana said through chattering teeth as the fire began to really catch.

Elliot pulled her close, feeling her naked breast press against his side, and gave her a peck on the cheek. Luke almost said something silly, then bit his tongue.

The three of them had been growing closer and closer, even as Luke and Elliot had continued their exploration. The secret they held bonded them in a way that was splitting them off from their friends. They laughed at their own private jokes together, found ways to excuse themselves from their other friends to spend time by themselves, talked for hours about their hopes and dreams and fears.

But Lana always kept physically separate from them. Until that moment, naked and shivering under the blanket, she put an arm around Elliot and kissed him on the lips. Their mouths stayed closed for a long few seconds, but then Elliot's lips parted and Luke watched his tongue slide out to be matched by Lana's.

The kiss continued on, small "umms" and "ohhs" escaping from their embrace. Finally Luke slid a hand onto Elliot's thigh and up to his already stiff cock, and found Lana's hand had beat him there. Lana released her grip on Elliot's shaft, squeezed Luke's hand, then broke her kiss with Elliot and just looked into his eyes for a moment.

"I love you Elliot," she said at last.

"I love you, Lana," he replied.

Then Elliot turned to Luke, "I love you, Luke."

"I love you, Elliot," Luke replied and then kissed him deeply. As he did, Lana's hand pulled Luke's over to her bare pussy. It was wet and hot, and she pressed Luke's fingers firmly into its folds. Luke took the hint and began to rub, finding her stiff little clit after just a moment, causing her to let out a long, soft moan. Her hand then went back to Elliot to stroke him, even as Elliot's hand found Luke's member and began to stroke.

Lana then added her lips to the kiss between the boys, their three tongues all touching and sliding across each other. It probably looked ridiculous, but for the three of them, it felt perfect. Eventually, Elliot pulled back from the two and allowed Lana and Luke to kiss by themselves. Already, Lana's breath had begun to quicken from Luke's fingers. As she felt her orgasm start to rise, she broke the kiss and said, "I love you Luke."

"I love you, Lana," Luke replied, and she began to cum in earnest. With no parents to worry about (or neighbors for that matter) Lana let out her climax in a primal scream.

When it was over, she simply said, "You guys did bring condoms, right?"

"In my bag in the room."

"Let's go."

***

"If we hadn't all been under that blanket together, do you think what happened would have happened?" Luke asked while treading water, a few feet away from both Lana and the dock.

"If you'd asked me before that trip, I would have said no way in hell, but I would have been lying. It may have taken another day or two to work up the courage to start something, but I knew the minute we decided to come down here what I wanted," Lana said as she drifted closer and closer to Luke.

"And what do you want from this trip?" Luke replied, his heart starting to flutter as Lana approached him. She responded by launching a wave of water in his face with her hand, then swam away laughing towards the ladder at the end of the dock.

As she pulled her gorgeous young body out of the lake, she said, "I want to take a ride on the boat. Is it ready Elliot?"

"Yeah she's looking good. I'm up to take her around the bay. You want to ski or just ride?"

"Just ride today, maybe I'll try tomorrow," Lana replied.

"Hey, throw me the skis, I'll tag along behind!" Luke sad from the water.

Five minutes later, Luke was skipping along the top of the water, cutting back and forth across the wake.

In the boat, Lana watched from the back seat while Elliot drove.

"So you still haven't told him, have you," Elliot yelled over the roar of the engine and the wind. Lana looked over her shoulder at him and shook her head.

Elliot and Lana had not ended things when they broke it off with Luke.

"But only because I may have thought of a solution."

"Oh yeah, what's that?" Elliot asked back.

"It's the answer to a problem."

Elliot looked at her with a 'come on' smirk.

"If you have a variable you can't solve for, you account for it and find a work around."

"Is this one of those one plus infinity things?"

Lana laughed. Her and Luke's argument about infinite data sets, which Elliot tried but could never quite follow, were one of their biggest inside jokes."

"I'll tell him after we all bang this afternoon."

"Am I going to like it?"

Lana just smiled.

***

"What if I don't like it and go... limp?"

"It's fine, you're fine, Elliot. And if you don't want to..."

"No, I do."

They had taken their make out session from the fire up to the big master bed. They'd been pleasuring each other with their lips and tongues, save for Elliot not going down on Lana, though he did kiss her breasts. Having two men lick and suck at her sensitive nipples was an incredibly intense sensation for Lana, and the moment during that when Luke slipped a finger into her wet hole, she came hard.

Between the two men, she turned on her side and began to kiss Elliot while she reached behind her to stroke Luke. And then she slid his dick past her ass and to the entrance of her pussy. She hadn't been a virgin for a while, but Luke would only be her second, and she quivered in anticipation.

"Are you sure," Luke asked her with such sincerity that Lana did ponder the question truthfully for several seconds before breaking her kiss with Elliot.

"Yes, Luke, I want to feel you inside me."

Lana heard the sound of a condom wrapper being opened and went back to kissing Elliot. A moment later she felt the tip of Luke's latex covered dick press against her, but at the wrong hole. She grabbed his dick with her hand, moved her hips to place him at the entrance to her pussy, and said, "There."

Luke pushed his hips forward and felt the incredible pleasure of Lana's pussy as it enveloped him. It was hot and very moist. Luke reached around to rub her clit even as he began to thrust in and out of her. The result was near immediate, Lana's moans growing through the kiss she was sharing with Elliot and her pussy beginning to contract around Luke. That brought Luke to and over the edge, and he began to shoot his seed into the condom, coming to a rest as their orgasms subsided.

And then Lana had asked Elliot if she could make love to him as well. Even though Elliot was worried, Luke didn't think it was going to be much of a problem. Lana crawled on top of Elliot, while Luke opened another condom and began to roll it on Elliot's cock. It struck him how strange it was how everyone seemed to just know what to do, how to move from one moment to the next and stay connected.

"I love you both," Luke said as he guided Elliot's long, stiff cock into Lana's waiting hole.

***

As Luke pulled himself out of the water onto the boat, the first thing he noticed was that Lana was no longer wearing her bra. Elliot was also naked, and Luke saw that he had shaved his balls clean of hair and trimmed the rest, leaving just a small tuft above his beautiful shaft.

Luke looked around and realized they were the only boat in the little bay he'd been skiing in. Without a word, Luke removed his boxers, walked over to Lana, and kissed her deeply. A moment later, Elliot was behind him, his cock resting comfortably in the crack of his ass.

"Did you two plan this all along?" Luke asked.

Elliot replied in his ear, "Nope, this is all her idea. Trying to make it easier to tell you that we've still been fucking these last four months."

Luke's cock sprang to attention then, and Lana sat down in the captain's chair to get to the right height to begin sucking it.

"I know," Luke replied. "And I know why you felt like you had to keep it a secret, but I'm glad you told me. And I'm happy for you both."

"And also, that Elliot is heading to Hollywood in August instead of going to school."

"Really, you decided to do it?"

"Yeah, you know I'm not the college type. If I don't do it now, I never will."

"You're going to own that city."

Luke reached a hand back to Elliot's cock, sliding it through his ass cheeks and to the small pink hole there.

"Are you sure?"

***

"Yes, Elliot, yes, I want you inside me. We've waited too long," Luke said. It was the night after their first. They'd spent the day in town at a local arcade and then a late lunch at a pizza joint, but all any of the three of them could think about was getting back to this bed.
