 This is my first attempt at an erotic story, so feedback is welcomed.

Contains: MFM, MM, MF, bondage, femdom, humiliation

*****

When Alex called me out the blue and asked to meet me I didn't really know what to expect. It had been at least a year since we had broken up and in all that time we had never so much as said hello to each other. It's not that we had left on any particularly bad terms, it's just that we ran in different social circles. Come to think of it that might have been part of why we weren't together any more.

I had agreed to meet her at the cafe across from the college campus at the time, but now that i was here waiting for her I was beginning to have second thoughts. The only reason I could think of that she would want to see me again was to get back together, and I wasn't sure if I wanted that. I mean, of course I was still attracted to her and it's not like I had had any girlfriends since her, but we had broken up for a reason.

Multiple reasons actually, though I found that difficult to remember in the next moment as the chair across the table from me was pulled out and I looked up to see my former lover. Alex was still just a sexy as when I had last seen her. full figured would best describe her, even with all the exercise she did she always kept just a little fat in all the right places. Her firm heart shaped ass filled up the chair as she sat down and her plump hand-filling breasts jiggled slightly with the motion. It was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra under her pink tank top, an old habit she apparently still kept up. My eyes followed the line of her cleavage up her smooth pale chest lightly dusted with freckles, past the plump flower petals of her lips and locked onto her deep hazel-green eyes. She had cut her firery red hair and now wore it in a pixie cut rather than in shoulder length curls like she used to.

"Hey john," she smiled at me. "long time no see huh?"

It took me a second to recover my wits and put my eyes back into my head. The flowery smell of her drifted over to me on the breeze, I never did figure out if the intoxicating effects of that smell came from her or her perfume. I suddenly became very aware of the amount of time I had gone without having sex.

"Um, uh yeah it has, you're looking really good though. I like your new hair"

"Oh yeah! you wouldn't have seen me like this before would you?" she said as raked her cleanly manicured hands through her short hair. "I've actually been wearing it like this for a while, but thanks."

I took a quick moment to remind myself why we had broken up. She wore a sweet smile now but she could quickly turn into a real bitch if you got on her bad side. We probably spent more of our time together arguing than anything else. All I had to do to temper my arousal was remember the time she had smashed one of the window on my car just because I had forgotten some anniversary of ours or something, it might have actually been her birthday or whatever but she had still acted crazy. I must've been crazy back then too because even after that i didn't break up with her. Nope, the straw that finally broke my back was named Gregory.

Greg was the dude she was fucking behind my back, for I don't even know how long. Even when I found out about him I didn't immediately tell her to fuck off, I gave her an ultimatum. I said I would forgive her if she broke it off with him and never saw him again, that she had to chose between us. What a fucking idiot I can be. I guess I don't need to tell you who she chose, the hurt from that day certainly helped me from falling for her nice girl act.

"So, how's Greg?" I said to her with a tinge of ice to my voice. I wanted her to know that I hadn't forgotten what she did. I also figured that if she wanted me back then Greg must be out of the picture, but if she was still with him then she must want something else, not that I could guess what that would be.

"Oh Greg?" She chirped, seemingly unfazed by my bringing up the reason for our break up. "Greg's doing fine. Great even, the football team has a chance to go to the state championship this year he's been telling me. And his coach says that's where all the scouts for the NFL will be watching!" She had a certain excitement in her as she continued to talk about Greg, about what great shape he was in and how well his classes were going. It was obvious that she was still very into her new boyfriend, especially with the way her stiff nipples began poking out from her shirt as she was describing his physique to me.

I sat in mild bewilderment as she talked, wondering if she only called me here to brag how great her relationship was. She clearly didn't want to get back together as I had thought, and even though I had been ready to rebuke her I felt somewhat disappointed. It was almost as if she had chosen him over me all over again.

"But that brings me to why I called you..." she suddenly said and looked at me expectantly.

I could only reply with a confused look and a weak "What?". I realized I had stopped listening to her when she started bragging about Greg. "What about Greg did you say?"

"Weren't you paying attention," she said with a bit of her bitchiness coming out. "I was talking about our sex life."

Their sex life? Apparently she did just bring me here to rub her new relationship in my face. Suddenly my infatuations with her was replaced with anger. I would have gotten up and left then and there if she hadn't said what she did next.

"We want a threesome."

Despite myself I felt my pants become tighter. It had been a long time since my johnson had gotten out to play and he certainly seemed excited at the prospect. I however remained unconvinced, which she must have seen as she continued in greater detail.

"Well specifically I want a threesome, I had to convince him to do it. But it's not like it was very hard, he pretty much can't say no to me when it comes so sex. And what guy doesn't want a threesome right? I know they usually think of them with two girls, and I've certainly thought of that, but first I really want to get double penetrated."

She was certainly speaking candidly about the subject for being in such a public place, she had never been a bashful one. I might have blushed if all the blood in my body wasn't currently causing my dick to strain against my jeans.

"For a long time now I've just wanted to know what it feels like to have a cock in both my ass and my pussy, I don't know I've almost been obsessing over it. I'd be the first one of my friends to do it, except of course Brandy says shes done it but I don't believe her, so this way I'll be able to see how it really feels and compare that to what she says it feels like. She keeps saying it's not that great, but I'm like, how can in not be?"

I thought about it for a moment. It made sense to me that it was Alex's idea, as from what I remember of Gregory he seemed like quite an alpha personality and not at all like the type to share his girl with someone. Alex however seemed to be open to almost anything sexually. When I'd met her she was pretty vanilla but I had introduced her to all sorts of new fetishes and she had taken to pretty much all of them. The big one of mine had been BDSM, both giving and receiving.

I still remember the first time I tied her up. I had stripped her completely naked on my bed and bound her legs together with thick leather belts at the knees and ankles. Her arms were similarly tied behind her at the elbows and wrists. She trembled from nerves as I gazed at her soft white skin contrasting brilliantly with the dark fragrant leather. She had been blindfolded and gagged and her drool slowly fell down her chin and onto her tits making them slick and shiny. Only a small triangle of wiry red pubic hair peeked out from between her legs, her beautiful cunt being hidden by her closed legs. 

She startled when I suddenly pushed her off her knees and onto her side. I could see her breathing quicken as she lightly thrashed against her bonds. Grabbing her shoulder I delivered a quick slap to her shapely ass causing her to go still and groan into her ball gag. I gently rubbed the red hand print I'd left on her and continued to freely explore her body. I kissed and nibbled on every freckle she had, from one set of cheeks to the other. Eventually she began to shudder at every touch and sweat dripped from her form, flavoring her body with a hint of saltiness. 

I felt her tense up and moan each time my hand got near her crotch so I decided to give her what she wanted. I thrust my fingers into her soaking wet bush and wriggled inside her. She bucked at the sudden penetration and let loose a muffled wail. The sound of her screaming got me harder than diamonds and I began to unconsciously rub my engorged dick against her soft hip. I decided I wanted her to make more noise so I roughly grabbed at her slippery tit, kneading it and rolling her pebble sized nipple between my fingers. I got my wish as she let out a new series of shouts and moans, I didn't care if anyone heard us I just loved to hear her beautiful voice in such ecstasy. I brought my mouth to her other breast and sucked up as much flesh as I could and bit hard. This made her whine loudly and clamp her pussy around my middle and index fingers which had been dutifully exploring the roof of her vagina in search of her pleasure button. To help in their search I brought my thumb down hard onto her erect clit effectively sandwiching it between my fingers. That put her over the edge and she began violently thrashing and trying to roll away. I held her firm as her cum erupted all over my hand and the leather creaked in protest of her spasms. It was probably the most powerful orgasm I've ever given her and definitely one of the ones I'm sure she couldn't have faked.

Yet as erotic as that memory was, what really got me going was thinking of the times when she topped me. Almost every time I had jerked off since our breakup I had been remembering being tied spread eagle with each limb connected to a bedpost and seeing her standing above me completely nude. A tight rubber cock ring separated my balls and dick from the rest of my body, trapping all my blood into my purple throbbing phallus. She would couch down just above my groin so her hot snatch would drip onto my cock and our pre would mix together in a pool beneath my balls. I remembered the feeling of straining fruitlessly against the restraints, my hips trying to thrust up into her, my entire body being fueled by a red hot desperate need to fuck.

When she finally dropped down onto me and my rock hard steel beam of a penis pushed into her, it only further stoked the heat burning in my chest. We would really start fucking then, with her slamming her hips down with the brutal force of gravity and me wildly bucking into her. She leaned forward and placed one hand on my chest to steady herself, with the other one she grabbed my neck and gently squeezed to assert her dominance. She wanted to make it clear that it was her fucking me and not the other way around. Her pussy lips wrapped around me tightly as they slipped up and down my shaft. She would take me all the way down to the base of my pelvis and then lift herself up till only the head was left inside and then slam herself down again. Thundering wet clapping sounds echoed throughout the room as our pelvises collided violently over and over again sending precum and lube splashing all over us. Bright electric sparks shot down the length of my dick and up my spine all the way to my nipples.

We could only keep going at this pace for a short amount of time, which was just as well as any longer and we were likely to bruise ourselves. Somehow she always knew the perfect time to drop down and start rocking her hips to coax out my orgasm. She tightens her grip on my neck to choke my loud groan as I fire my seed into her. Seeing her atop of me slick with sweat dripping from her heaving breasts and her hair matted to her shoulders always inspired my biggest loads, often letting out so much cum that my urethra had to stretch to accommodate it all. She would never stop there though, she always kept riding my sensitive cock as the pleasure escalated into delicious pain. Her wild shaking hips made my dick feel like it was spitting out fire and my gut tightened up like I had just been sucker punched. She loved to do that to me, never stopping until I breathlessly begged her for mercy.

I had defiantly left her a lot more kinky that when we met, though we had never done anything that involved other people. It was a line I wasn't sure I was ready to cross. However the large stain of pre in the front of my pants seemed to be making the decision for me. Determined not to let my dick have complete control of my life just yet I decided I needed to ask at least one question before making up my mind.

"So ... why me exactly?"

Alex looked at me as though the answer were obvious before saying "Well, I think we fucked pretty well together, we had a good rhythm don't you think? I mean you where the one who really got me excited about sex and got me to try new things." 

She said the last part as though this whole situation was somehow my fault.

"Besides... I don't have a lot of anal experience and Greg is too big to fit, but your dick is just the right size to be comfortable."

That took the wind out of my sails a bit. I knew that i wasn't very big, maybe a little below average and that had always bothered me some.

"And what..." I continued, brushing aside my insecurities. "What exactly would be on the ... itinerary. If I were to agree?"

"You'd get my ass and Greg would get my pussy, and the two of you would fuck my brains out." She said as though it were the simplest most obvious thing in the world. "then afterwords maybe we could fool around a bit, I don't know play it by ear..." She pause and gave me a sly grin "hey, maybe Greg would let you blow him."

She was defiantly trying to push my buttons now. Once I had brought up the idea of pegging and ever since she has been teasing me about secretly being gay. I had never had any sexual contact with another man, though there was a part of me that wasn't totally opposed to the idea. If anything I might be bisexual but I was nowhere near ready to admit that.

While my throbbing dick had made its vote perfectly clear I myself still wasn't sure. I tried to will as much of my remaining blood into my brain to think as clearly about this as I could. My ex had called me after we hadn't seen each other for a year, insulted my dick size, called me gay, and then expected me to be in a threesome so she could brag about it to her friends. Obviously I said yes.

She grin smugly at my answer with a look as if to say that she knew that I would agree all along. It reminded me somewhat of how she looked when she was riding me, it was a look of domination.

We decided on a time and a date and just like that, I was scheduled for a two man threesome in less than a week. The next couple of days seem to fly by so fast that I can't be sure they happened at all. I didn't pay any attention to my classes, and I think I might have even missed a test or two. All my time seemed to be devoted to thinking of the debauchery that awaited me. 

I wondered how okay with this Greg really was. I had never really talked to him much seeing as he was plowing my girlfriend and all, so I didn't know how well we would get on. Hopefully he wasn't the jealous type I thought. Then i chuckled at the irony of him getting jealous of a guy for fucking the girl that he had stolen from him in the first place.

In almost no time it seemed, the day had arrived. I drove over to the place we where supposed to meet, a large frat house owned by a fraternity that Greg belonged to. Alex said he had his own bedroom where we would have total privacy. It was only a second after I had knocked that the front door flew open and Alex stood before me still wearing pajamas at 5 pm. She smiled wide when she saw me and ushered me in.

She seemed to float through the air as she lead me through the house, bouncing on the balls of her feet like an excited child. She pulled me through a living room where four or five other guys were sitting around drinking, apparently total privacy didn't mean we had the house to ourselves. She just giggled as she saw me glance at them quizzically and continued to pull me towards the stairs. They guys appeared to know what I was there for judging from their snickers as we passed. I think one guy even gave me a thumbs up.

Once upstairs we stopped in front of what I assumed was the door to Gregs room. Alex turned to me and flashed me a smile that belonged in a museum. For the first time since our break up she seemed genuinely happy to be around me.

"Thanks so much for doing this." She said to me as she took my hand. I stared into her eyes for moment, they seemed clear and vibrant in a way I had never seen before. I was about to reply until she suddenly flung open the door and run inside, pulling me along with her.

Gregs room was a lot warmer than the rest of the house and the soft smell of lilacs permeated through out it. The lights were off and the room was only illuminated by the flickering of pink scented candles positioned on nearly every surface. In the darkest corner of the room was a large plush bed and sitting on the edge, fully nude, was Greg.

Greg was definitely a football player, that much was sure. He had massive wide shoulders and was packed with muscles all over. His chest and abs seemed almost carved out of flawless marble and his jaw was chiseled perfection. With every motion he made you could see an intricate ballet of muscles flexing just beneath his skin. His tall legs were spread wide open as if to flaunt the cock between them.

I immediately understood what Alex had meant when she said he was too big for her ass. He was only half hard and already his uncut cock dwarfed my own. It hung out at an angle from his pelvis, slowly rising and falling with his breathing. Even from the other side of the room I could see it pulse gently and every once in a while it would twitch and his foreskin would peel back slightly, threatening to unleash his massive bulb.

I was intimidated by him but at the same time I began to feel a tingling in my stomach. He was making me feel so small and weak just by being in the same room as me, I began to feel the same rush that I used to feel with Alex on top of me, the feeling of being owned and controlled. I felt dominated just from him looking at me. We both knew that he was way stronger than me and could force me to do anything he wanted.

"Hey Greg..." I finally managed to say after clearing my throat.

He gave me a tiny nod in reply. "Sup."

Alex strode past me and over to Greg and I saw that she was also totally naked now. She must have taken off her clothes while I was looking at Gregs cock... er, I mean looking at Greg. She sat on one of Gregs knees and planted a quick yet passionate kiss on his lips, then they both looked up at me expectantly.

Taking the hint, I began to disrobe. As I fumbled with the buttons of my shirt I realized that I was a lot more nervous than I thought I would be. I had always been fairly confident in my abilities in the bedroom even with the lackluster size of my penis, but for some reason I was suddenly feeling very inadequate. I silently hoped I wouldn't have any performance issues.

I tossed my shit on the floor next to Alex's discarded clothing and pulled down my pants. I'm pretty sure I saw Greg visibly relax once he saw the size of my member, as if it confirmed to him that I was no threat to his masculinity. It's not like I'm microscopic, I have at least 5 inches but Greg seemed to have more than twice my length and more girth. Despite me being completely outclassed I started to get hard.
