 Lords Harry and Brian, relaxing with a post-dinner port. As far as Harry was concerned, a very successful dinner. Now he and Brian could relax, having the rest of the evening to themselves.

The interruption when it came was not appreciated.

"Come in," growled Harry. 

Mrs. Swinton, the Housekeeper, came in, almost grovelling at having to interrupt Harry's port.

"Frightfully sorry, sir," she gasped, "but we've got a discipline problem with a couple of the maids. I wasn't sure how to handle it and I referred it to Maxon, but he said he wouldn't touch it, not on his life he wouldn't and that I'd have to speak to you and you'd sort it out."

"I have to sort out a discipline problem with a couple of the maids?" asked Harry, incredulous. "I've never known a problem with the maids that you haven't sorted out tout de suite."

"Well we haven't had a problem like this before, now have we sir?" protested the housekeeper.

"Well I wouldn't know. I don't know what the problem is yet," grumbled Harry, his temper not improved by hearing Brian sniggering off to the side.

"Well, it's Ellen and Chloe, sir, and I don't know how to handle it. If you could handle it yourself or tell me what to do?" There was pleading in Mrs. Swinton's voice now.

"Ellen and Chloe?" mused Harry. "Who the hell are Ellen and Chloe?" he asked.

"They're the two new maids, sir. They came on recommendation from the Bishop, sir. They've been helping with the young ones at the orphanage up until now, but at eighteen the Bishop said that they're far too old to stay at the orphanage even if they do help with the young ones and he insisted that they be given jobs and you said you'd take them because he's your uncle."

"Oh, yes." Harry remembered his uncle prosing on about good works and a chance to help those less fortunate and to shut him up he'd told Mrs. Swinton to take on two of the girls. Now his good deed was coming back to bite him.

"Things are slowly becoming clearer, but only slower. We've now identified who the culprits are but not what they did."

"Oh, they were watching, sir," said Mrs. Swinton, redfaced.

"Watching?" asked Harry, flinging a goaded look at Brian and deciding an early death for laughing idiots was much to be desired.

"Yes, sir. I came across them looking through a knot hole in the floor."

"I see. And if it's not too much trouble, perhaps you could tell me what they were watching?"

"The men, sir. When they went to the jakes. The girls were trying to look at them."

"I see. And did they tell you why they were doing this?"

"They said they wanted to see the difference, sir," explained the housekeeper, her face now a deep red. "There was only girls at the orphanage and they wanted to know why men are different. Maxon said it's my fault and that I should explain it to them and that I won't do. I said he was senior and he should do it. That's when he said not on his life and I should pass it on to you as you're the Master."

"So let me see if I've got this straight. You want me to chastise the maids for trying to peep at the men in the jakes, and then to explain to them the difference between men and women." 

"Yes, sir," said the housekeeper with a smile. "Shall I send them in now?"

Harry looked helplessly at Brian. 

"How drunk are you?" Brian asked him.

"I'm not," sighed Harry. "This is really happening."

"I know it is. I'm not drunk either. I stayed sober to keep you company through that damned dinner and intended to get drunk now that it's over. Not to be, it seems. You can't put it off or it will haunt you all night long. Be brave. I'll keep you company."

Harry sighed. "Give me five minutes and then send them in, Mrs. Swinton. You needn't stay," he added, to her immense relief.

"Now what do I do with them, damnit?" he asked Brian.

Brian considered. "What does Mrs. Swinton normally do to punish her staff?"

Harry considered. "She yells at them, docks their pay sometimes, gives them dirty jobs and occasionally hits them with the soup ladle."

"So which of those can you do where these maids are concerned?"

"They don't earn enough to be worth docking their pay, and they probably already get all the dirty jobs. That leaves yelling and hitting them with the soup ladle," Harry grumbled.

"You're the Master. You don't yell. You speak to them quietly but firmly. It'll scare them more. And you don't hit them with a soup ladle. You'd be better off having them bend over the desk and giving them a firm spanking."

"Hell. The telling off I can do, they already know they screwed up. It's just a case of reminding them of that fact and warning them of future consequences. Spanking? Fair's fair. I'll spank one while you spank the other. Just don't overdo it. Bright red bottoms, not bruised and blistered."

Brian laughed. "I think I can spank a maid for you. After all, what are friends for? I'm interested in how you're going to explain the difference."

Harry sighed, and then yelled enter as the door was rapped. The door opened and the two nervous maids were ushered into the room. Mrs. Swinton then closed the door and hurried off, washing her hands from the whole affair.

Harry sat back and looked at the two young women standing before him. For a minute he just sat, saying nothing, staring coldly at them while their nerves punished them.

"Do you know how often I have to speak to maids about their behaviour?" he finally asked them.

On receiving a shake of the head, he continued.

"I don't," he said. "My staff are supposed to know that they shouldn't do things that will get me involved. You are members of my staff, are you not?"

When the girls nodded, apparently not having voices, Harry promptly spoke.

"Then why are you here in front of me? I am very disappointed. The Bishop assured me of your sterling character. What am I supposed to tell him if I have to turn you out for misbehaviour. He'll be shocked at your behaviour. What did you think you were doing?

When neither girl seemed able to speak, Harry pointed at one.

"You, you're Ellen, I believe," he said feeling relieved that he'd got it right, when the girl nodded. "Would you care to explain?"

"We're sorry ,sir," she mumbled. "We didn't mean any harm. We just wanted to see for ourselves."

"So Mrs. Swinton told me. Did it occur to you to ask Mrs. Swinton or Maxon about the subject?"

Ellen blushed. "We didn't know how to ask her, sir. We were too embarrassed."

"I see. So this is a better solution than a little embarrassment? Did it occur to you how embarrassed I'd feel if my guests had discovered your little pastime?

You do realise, don't you, that if it hadn't been for the Bishop's personal guarantee about your characters, Mrs. Swinton or Maxon would probably have discharged you on the spot. As it is they've left the decision to me. Would I be right in saying that this was just a momentary aberration?"

At the girls' blank looks he rephrased it. 

"That means you're sorry and it won't happen again."

Both girls nodded. 

"I very much doubt that Mrs. Swinton or Maxon will give you a second chance, so I suggest that you be very careful in future. Now the matter of punishment. If you'd made such a mistake at the orphanage, what would have happened?"

"The mistress would have strapped us," Ellen mumbled.

"Well, I don't have a strap, but I can't help but think it a good idea. The pair of you will bend over either end of the desk, facing each other. You will also lift your dresses exposing your bottoms. Lord Brian and I will then proceed to spank the pair of you."

Pointing to Ellen, Harry indicated one side of the desk and then nodded to Chloe to move to the other end.

Reluctantly the two girls moved into position, leaning over the desk and lifting their dresses to the waist, revealing snow white bottoms and long and shapely legs.

"Not expecting to have to punish anyone," said Harry, "I don't have a strap or a paddle in the office. If you wish I can send for one, otherwise you'll have to feel my bare hand. Which would you prefer?"

The girls looked at each other and gulped. Then Chloe mumbled "Hand, thank you, sir."

Harry looked at Brian. "They're eighteen, so I think eighteen should do."

Brian nodded solemnly, while Harry could see him practically shaking with laughter.

Passing Harry, Brian murmured quietly. "Would you look at those bottoms and legs? They give new meaning to the term nubile."

"Oh, by the way, girls, if you feel like screaming, don't. I don't want to hear it," Harry told the nervously waiting girls.

Nodding to Brian, Harry then swept his hand down and around, terminating on Ellen's bottom. A matching spanking sound came from Chloe's bottom, with both girls giving a little squeak.

Slowly counting off the strokes, Brian and Harry spanked the two girls. Harry was pleased to see that his assessment was accurate. The two bottoms were getting a nice red glow, and would be uncomfortable for a while, but nothing that the girls couldn't handle. There would be no unwanted bruising.

Finishing the spanking Harry and Brian stepped back.

"Don't move, thank you," said Brian, as the girls started to stand.

Turning to Harry, he explained. 

"They want to know the difference between men and women, remember. You're going to have to explain to them. It occurs to me that with the girls bent over like this, we're off to an excellent start to not only tell them but to demonstrate how things fit together. 

As you can see," he added, gently reaching out and gently poking Chloe's pussy, "they're exposed and that will make things easier all around."

Harry glanced at the girls, about to refuse, only to be startled by the hopeful looks on their faces. They didn't know what they didn't know, but they definitely wanted to learn. He reached down and gently rubbed Ellen's pussy, feeling her edge it towards his touch. 

He sighed, knowing that having men spank their bare bottoms had roused the girls and that he was going to take advantage of that fact. "Ah, well," he thought. "They have to learn sometime."

Making one last attempt at being a gentleman, Harry told the girls that if they preferred, he could insist that Mrs. Swinton explain the subject to them. She may not want to, but would if so directed.

"It would probably be better for us if you did, sir," said Chloe. "Mrs. Swinton doesn't want to and if you make her she'll take it out on us. We're already looking at doing the worst chores for the next month, and we don't want it made even worse."

Harry yielded gracefully. With those pert little bottoms uplifted, the red glow on them looking like a blush, and those lips peeking out from between smooth white thighs, it just seemed too much trouble to try to fight temptation. 

Stepping up behind Ellen, Harry reached around and started undoing the buttons on the front of her dress. Brian promptly matched the move, helpfully opening Chloe's dress. It didn't take long before both girls had their breasts exposed, delighting the men's eyes.

Cupping Ellen's breasts, Harry explained.

"One difference between us is these delightful breasts you have. You'll find men like playing with them, the way I'm doing now. This is one of things that you shouldn't let a man do unless you're married. You see how they swell slightly when I do this, and how the nipples stand out? That is their way of telling you they want to be touched some more."

Both girls were blushing slightly and breathing harder, looking at their own breasts and then glancing across at their friend's, comparing how they were each reacting.

Harry and Brian continued playing with girls breasts for a while, and then Harry continued his lecture.

"Once you let a man play with your breasts like this, he is going to also reach down and play with your bottom and pussy."

Suiting actions to words, Harry dropped his hand to Ellen's bottom and started stroking downward, sliding his hand down around the natural curve until he was cupping Ellen's mound. Squeezing it, he continued.

"It is not considered proper for you to let a man stroke you this way. You may find you like it, but I assure you it is not the right thing to do unless you're married. Very soon we'll show you some other activities that you should only practice during marriage. I hope you'll take careful note of them."

All the time he was talking, Harry was stroking and squeezing, slowly building up heat within Ellen. From the gasps he could hear coming from Chloe, it seemed Brian was taking full advantage of the situation as well.

Fingers dipping between lips, touching where they should not, Harry and Brian caressed the two maids, stoking their internal fires while at the same time causing an internal flood of juices that seemed to burn the girls.

Feeling the time was right, Harry took a step back from Ellen and started undoing his trousers. Ellen turned to look at him, breathing deeply and squirming restlessly. He had stopped touching and she wanted it to continue. Then she saw him undoing his trousers and her eyes fastened on his crotch, wondering what was there.

Harry released his erection, hearing a gasp from both girls, and smiled as he saw they were both looking at him in fascination. Brian gave him a wry grin, and drew Chloe's attention to his own erection.

"Now, girls, this is the main difference between us," Harry told them. "Where you have pleasant places that a man wants to explore, there comes a time when he needs to go deep inside them. We'll show you how to let this happen so that when you marry you'll know what your husband expects. As this will be the first time for you, you may find it hurts a bit as it goes in. Just try to ignore that initial hurt and let yourself relax around us."

Harry eased Ellen's lips apart and slid his cock between them. Advancing slowly, he was soon brushing against her hymen, which held firm against his pressure for a moment before breaking, causing Ellen to squeak at the sudden pang of pain. He heard a gasp of satisfaction from Chloe and threw a look at Brian who was grinning smugly, having penetrated her painlessly it seemed.

With her hymen out of the way, Harry slid smoothly into Ellen, bringing little squeaks from her as he slowly stretched her to accommodate him.

With Ellen fully nailed at last, Harry paused and thought about continuing his lecture but quickly saw that the pair of girls were too busy concentrating on new feelings to listen to him. He shrugged and started moving.

The girls might have been virgins but they were quick learners, seeming to feed off each other's excitement. Very shortly two little bottoms, still with their red glow, were bobbing eagerly up and down, enjoying these new sensations.

Harry and Brian were quite experienced at this game. When you were a lord, it was surprising how much opportunity came your way. Enjoying both the experience of educating virgins and the excitement of the now ex-virgins, they took their time, letting the girls excitement build.

Soon it was obvious that both girls were reaching for a climax as, for that matter, were the two young Lords. Taking a deep breath, Harry spoke to Brian.

"Ten pounds say I can delay mine until after yours," he snapped.

"Done," said Brian, promptly slowing his stroke, and then swearing as it seemed the sudden change of pace was all it took to make Chloe explode under him.

Watching the disgruntled Brian now driving hard into Chloe to release his own climax, Harry laughed, and was also disconcerted as that caused both Ellen and himself to climax.

Harry stood there afterwards, still embedded in Ellen, his arms around her holding her breasts.

"Now girls, you know the basic differences between us," he told them. "I want to stress that this sort of activity should be kept until you are married. Understand?"

"Yes, sir," gasped Chloe. "Thank you very much, sir."

"Excuse me, sir," said Ellen, still gasping herself, "Is it the same way with every man or do different men feel different?"

Brian intervened at that stage.

"I can't really say, Ellen," he said smoothly. "The only way for you to know would be to try with a different man, but as Lord Harry said, you should keep this sort of activity until you are married. However, if you ask Lord Harry he might be agreeable to letting you come back here tomorrow evening, and I'll show you what I'm like and Chloe can experience Lord Harry. Then you can decide for yourself if we're the same." 

Looking at two pair of entreating eyes, Harry cursed Brian for a lecherous satyr. But he knew that the next evening he would be teaching the delectable Chloe her next lesson in men.