 There were four couples and two extra single women and one extra man. The host and hostess were Allen Turza and his love wife and much younger second wife Nancy. Allen was in his sixties and Nancy was forty eight at the time of them hosting this wonderful party. 

All at the party were prominent citizens of the lazy southern city of Albany Georgia. Our hosts lived on the grounds of the country club and their home was large, expensive and secluded behind stone walls and a tall iron gate. 

I drove my Jaguar and Karen rode with me. Bruce the only singe male followed us through the gates and up the long drive. Bruce was a special guest of our hosts and he worked for Allen. It was understood that he had also been an invited guest of Allen and Nancy many times before. Bruce was a tall black slender man who was only in his thirties and very handsome and I might say here and now he was also very well hung.

Karen and I walked to the front door with Bruce between us and us hanging on his well muscled arms. The door opened before we got to it. We were the last of the guest to arrive. The invention said this was going to be a swimming party to start at seven o'clock and dinner would be served at nine. Even though it did not say so in so many words we all knew that all would be naked for the swim and also naked for the dinner. This was all set up by our hosts ahead of time. 

Karen and I either knew of or had been with each of the other couples but neither of us had ever been special guest of our hosts. I was looking forward to getting to know then each in a personal way as I had heard good things about both.

Why we took the time to dress up I really don't know but we had. Karen was wearing a below the knee cocktail dress. It was a dark tan with a lighter trim and a loose scarf belt of soft tan leather. Karen is five ten, dark hair a wide beautiful mouth and long shapely legs that lead to a solid firm round ass. Needless to say Karen had the most beautiful ass of any women I have ever seen. 

I was some what subdued with a thin cotton white dress open neck to show off my forty double D's. My waist is small and this accents my broader hips. But I am not fat just soft and round. Men don't seen to mind my figure as they examine it from top to bottom and inch by inch.

I was fifty nine and Karen was sixty one. As were most of the guests we were all in our fifties or sixties with the exception of Bruce and Nancy our hostess. 

A couple I had been with twice were Mandy and Tom Fortam. Mandy is a big girl, a very pretty girl with big tits and a whooper of an ass but she is so delightful few men object to her size. Besides she loves to suck cock and the few times I have watched her she is very good at it. 

I had also been to another party where Judy and Carl Brainerd were guest. I like them both and were happy to see they were invited to this most unusual affair. Judy is short, cute with great tits thanks to a boob job some years before. She had short red hair and loved most any thing any one want to do to her or have her do. I had visited a nudist camp once while they were there and I got to know them well. Carl was a stout man with a flat belly and a very healthy cock. Not a long as some I have enjoyed but thick as they come and he can stay hard longer than any one I had met. 

Ester and Frank Gates I knew of though Karen as she had been with then once or twice. She said they were very easy going and not at all pushy. However Ester enjoyed watching al most as much as she enjoyed a man between her legs. Frank was an older guy maybe near seventy but Karen said he could get it up and once it was up he could give as well as any man in the group. Ester was a willing eater of pussy as well as a stiff dick. So there we were all sipping drinks when our hostess open the doors to the pool area and said for every one to get naked and enjoy there heated pool before dinner. 

The ladies were shown to a changing room at the side of the pool. There we were all given big soft fluffy white terry cloth robes. The men were shown to the room next door and were given matching robes except their robes had black sleeves. 

Once changed Karen and I walked around to the open bar that was set up out on the patio. I held my screwdriver and watched the parade of handsome men walking around selecting to just talk or go in the heated pool. I for one did not want to go in the water as I had just had my hair done earlier that day. 

I saw Bruce go stand by our hostess say a few words and then kiss her on the neck. They laughed as Bruce carefully removed his robe. Nancy stood back and watched the unveiling. Bruce laid his robe over the back of a lounge chair and then walk slowly around to the steps that go down into the pool. 

I long with Nancy and Karen stood watching his long cock swing from side to side as he moved gracefully showing off for the ladies that cared to watch. Karen said "I know what I want for Christmas." We laughed and downed our drinks.

Allen our host came by and introduced his self and told us that his friends suggested that Karen and I be invited as some one said we could spice up the dinner. Allen was looking at my chest all the while he spoke. 

Karen asked if Bruce was as good as he looked. Allen said she would have to ask his wife. I think Karen had a fixation on this handsome black man or maybe it was just that he was the youngest member or our group. Karen moved off to see what trouble she could get into. Allen came so close his slowly stiffening cock touched my leg. He made some silly toast to women with large tits. He pressed me to the bar and we kissed. He was a good kisser and this cock rubbing my leg set the mood for the rest of the night. I felt a slow warming start down between my legs and rise to my stiff nipples. Nancy came up and said she had to talk to Allen so I gave him up after a quick introduction to Nancy. 

Again alone I watched only one lady go in the water. Judy with her short red hair seemed to be born to the water. She swam to where Bruce was hanging his arms over the edge of the pool. Karen just happen to be there with her legs spread and dangling in the water. Bruce was looking up into Karen's eyes. I could not see for sure but I thought maybe he might have a finger or two tickling her sweet lips. Bruce turned as Judy came up behind him. Again I was not sure but I think Judy may have reached around him to play with his cock. No one of couple did more than touch and kiss during the time around the pool. I think it was understood that there would be plenty of time later for the heavier play.

Frank the only man I had not met before came up to introduce himself he was escorted by Mandy. Even naked Mandy was an awesome looking girl. Her size was not a draw back to her beauty. Mandy was sexy, beautiful and she oozed that special something at attract men. I had heard that some women give off a smell that can stimulate a man from great distances. I think Mandy was one of these women. Frank was not fully hard but his manhood was not pointing straight down either. We shook hands and he guided my hand to his cock. I shook it as well. Mandy said jokingly "That is enough for now. We will see you later Wilda. Mandy kissed me passionately and the tow of them walked off. 

While I was distracted Bruce and Judy had changed places Judy was now facing the spread pussy and I think Bruce may have been fingering them both. 

The milling around continued for a while longer and then we were asked to gather at the dining room. We each went in side and how or who started it but before we sat down we all hung our robes on the back of our respective chairs. 

Our hostess sat at the end of the table nearest me while Allen sat at the other end. The table had been set by unknown and unseen persons. 

Allen stood lifted his glass and gave a toast to each of us girls for beauty, figures and being down right sexy. Nancy stood and welcome each of the men and toasted them for there handsomeness, and willingness to friends and neighbors. I noticed she looked at Bruce when she made a side ways comment about handsome men she may have bee talking about there dicks as well as there faces. I concurred to every thing and sipped my drink.

I thought we would start to eat but no Frank stood and wanted to make a toast. So while we all faced him and his very prominent election Frank toasted "Wilda's beautiful tits." I think I may have blushed but I surely don't know why many men have given my breasts attention. Frank sat down and Bruce got up. 

Bruce toasted his beautiful hostess for a lovely table. He toasted each and every one of the beautiful and very sexy ladies that were here. Again we all sipped our drinks.

I can hold my liquor with the best of them but I had had a few and since I had not eaten yet I was getting a bit of a buzz on. After this we finely started to eat. Tom was on one side of me and his hand found my thigh and was rubbing it slowly. His hand slowly moved higher and higher up my thigh while I tried to eat. I was thinking how soft his fingers were when I gobbled down a piece of meat. I asked "Tom; how can you eat and caress my leg that the same time?" 

"Practice my dear lady, practice." He mused as he finely reached home. MY sexual stimulation had been building over the course of more than an hour. So when Tom pressed his finger tip to my clitoris I almost exploded. The thrill, the sensation set my heart to beating and I shook so bad I had to put my spoon down. I let out a little moan and everyone looked at me. I tried to smile but all I could do was close my eyes and send river of fluid to run down between my legs. Frank was sitting across from me. He jumped up and came around the table. Frank pulled back my chair with me in it. I knew what he wanted so I spread my legs as Frank dropped to his knees and placed his long hot tongue into my cunt. Licking and lapping the juices from me only caused me to get more excited. 

I let out a cry of pure joy and climaxed for the second time even while I was still pouring out juice from the first.

I opened my eyes long enough to look around. I thought I was the center of attention and I was but not for long. Across from me Karen was turned toward Bruce who was not standing. His thick black cock was fully extended; it was over a foot long, cured up so it pointed back at his flat muscular belly. In that second as I watched Karen reached up pulled his cock down taking over half of it into her mouth. Thing went all crazy after that. Karen was sucking half of Bruce's cock and jerking on the other half. 

Allen came around to stand next to me. I looked up at his throbbing erection. Allen said "Wilda; I wanted to kiss you the first time I looked at your mouth. The first time I kissed you I wanted to see your mouth around me cock. I knew any women that can kiss like you do has to be an expert cock sucker. So suck my cock." 

I opened my mouth and Allen jammed his cock in. I was going to speak but what the hell sucking a cock while getting my pussy licked was alright too. 

Many was down on all fours and Carl was behind her spreading her ass cheeks and aims his cock at her anus. I knew both of them were going to have a great time. 

Judy was standing but bent over the back of her chair, Tom was fucking her doggie and from what I could see she was in heaven. Tom was banging away as fast as he could. I could not see much from where I was but I could see Nancy wait one leg up on the table and Ester must have been down there licking pussy much the way Frank was going to me.

I screamed a climax for Frank to lick up all over again. Allen shook my head when he got off. His sperm was very strong and salty. I was sure he was a smoker. I did not like it and let most of it dribble out of my mouth. Hell it was his carpet anyway. 

Carl was standing over Mandy watching the last of his sperm drip on her broad ass. Carl asked Nancy where the bathroom was so he could go clean up. 

Nancy and Ester finished and stood drinking wine and kissing. Allen said He likes to see his wife kiss other women. Allen walked off with the idea of getting of his wife's pussy while it was still wet from Ester's licking 

Karen had two thirds of Bruce's cock down her throat and he was twisting and trashing in some weird dance as he go his rocks off. 

Ten minutes later the group was once more standing with drinks and moving to toward each chosen goal. 

My pussy was still quivering from Franks licking and I felt like I needed a stiff dick very soon. I was looking at Bruce but he had eyes for Nancy. 

Allen was doing a crazy little belly rub with fat Mandy. 

Frank was whispering in Ester's ear. I was sure it was about licking her as he had done me. Frank was a pussy eater extraordinaire. 

This let Tom for me and from what I had seen I was going to be happy to get some of what Tom had to offer a poor horny girl. 

I caught Karen's eye and she came over to say she loved sucking off Bruce. She seemed to be the odd one out this time but all of a sudden she said she might see if she could play with Allen and Mandy. Karen said she thought that if Allen fucked dear Mandy in the ass like Carl had that would leave Mandy's mouth free. Karen smiled and walked away. 

Carl and Judy were hard at it in the corner Judy had one leg up around Carl's waist and he had his cock planted deep as they toasted one another spilling their drinks as Carl got rambunctious. 

I have seem many a girl get fucked and it is not particularly exciting unless I am getting something done to me at the same time or if it a threesome and I am in some way involved. However as I watched Judy respond to Carl I felt my pussy tighten and get very wet all of a sudden. I know that Carl had washed his cock off after fucking dear fat Mandy in the ass but something was sending hot flashes through my brain. 

Tom had fixed his self a new drink and was eyeing me and stretching his cock as he slithered my way. I wanted to get fucked but I wanted to take it easy and do it right. I wanted to lay down spread my legs and feel a good stiff dick plow me a new one, long, hard and deep. So I headed off Tom and let him follow me into the den and to the long soft sofa. 

I was not disappointed and Tom did me right. I exploded and gave him two climaxes before he dumped a hot load in my throbbing cunt. 

We returned to see most of the other milling around with the exception of my dear friend Karen. 

Karen was getting a sandwich job from Frank and Allen. Karen was sitting on Frank with his cock fitted well up into her juicy cunt while Allen was behind her with his rather handsome dick rammed into her ass up to the hilt. Karen was screaming fro joy and welcoming both cocks to cum for her. 

It was just after midnight when I dropped off Karen and watched her waddle up the walk to her front door. She had taken a hard deep ass fucking. Of course she had loved it them but now was feeling the effects. 

I drove home and slept well. That was one dinner I would remember for a long time.