 Entry Three

Dear Diary,

Tonight was sooooooo much fun. Melissa, Ally and myself all went to the movies, then to the local burger joint. This has become the hang out spot for all the teenagers. The cops never say anything because they figure if we're all there, we're not out drinking or selling drugs. Anyway, the guy that I've the BIGGEST crush on was there. His name is David and he's on his way up the corporate ladder. He works for his father's law firm and he's an absolute dream boat. I've had a crush on this guy for practically my whole high school career and now that we're both 19 and school is history, I'm thinking I should make my move. So, I walked up to him and introduced myself, just in case he had been living under a rock and did not know who I was.

He turns around and his eyes speak volumes!!! They are so dark, they're practically black, which only makes his thick, black hair that much hotter. Anyway, he recognizes me and we strike up a conversation. He tells me about working for his father and how much of a drag it is but the money's awesome, so he toughs it out. 

CHA - CHING ........ good money, huh? Well, you have my attention!

As the night wears on, he eventually asks me if I want to take a ride in his new mustang, one of the perks for working for Daddy. I accept and bid my sisters a good night, and I'm off. They eventually ended up in another club, but that didn't matter to me, I was finally going to be alone with David. As we pulled out of the parking lot, he honked at his friends and we drove off into the chilly night. 

I watched the lights from town disappear and soon there was nothing around but the dark shadows of the tall trees that lined the highway. The headlights from the car lit up the never ending string of road reflectors and the stereo was on low as David and I chatted more. We were getting further and further away from places and things that I recognized, but I wasn't worried. I had been dreaming of this chance for the past four years. 

Finally, we turned down a long, winding dark road, lit only by one street light that was flickering and struggling to hold on. The clock on the radio read 12:44 A.M. as David pulled into a driveway and turned off the engine. 

He got out and walked around to open my door. He took my hand and helped me out of the car and we walked, arm in arm, up to the front door of a small cottage house. Once inside, I looked around and noticed it was actually quite fancy for a house out in the woods. There were marble floors and leather couches, two fireplaces and each room seemed bigger then the last. 

After he took me on the tour, David offered me a drink. I settled on a shot of Jack Daniels and made myself comfortable on one of the many large, leather couches. He made himself a scotch and sat down next to me. 

"So, who owns this?" I asked, trying not to sound like white trash.

"My father, but he hasn't been up here in years, so I use it when I need to get away," answered David, placing his glass on the coffee table. 

"What is it you need to get away from?" I asked.

"Life, my job, sometimes my friends, whatever the reason, this place works," he answered, giving me a sly smile. 

I felt a warm chill sizzle through my body when he smiled at me and instantly my nipples became rock hard. 

I guess my bra and shirt didn't do a good job of masking this because David's eyes soon found their way down to my tits. 

This should have made me a little uncomfortable, but it didn't. I leaned forward and placed my glass beside David's, on the coffee table, and sat back, easing into the couch. 

"I'm surprised you thought I didn't know you," he said, brushing my cheek with his large hand, "You're the kind of girl everyone knows in school."

"Well, believe it or not, there are a few people that don't know me," I said, giggling like a stupid school girl.

"I noticed you almost from day one. That beautiful blonde hair and striking figure are hard to ignore," he whispered, playing with my hair. 

I began to blush and wiggle around some on the couch. At this point, I was beginning to feel very foolish, and my ass was still sore from Jake's attack on me in my bedroom. 

"Am I making you uncomfortable?" he asked.

"No, not at all," I said, "I'm just glad you remembered me."

Then, without another word, David leans over and kisses me. His lips are amazing! I think they're the softest lips I've ever felt on a guy, even Garrett's weren't this soft. 

As David kissed me, I leaned further back against the couch, almost melting right into the leather. My nipples were getting even more hard and my pussy was already beginning to throb. I reached over and slid my hand between David's thighs, gently squeezing and teasing him as our tongues wrestled. He groaned into my mouth and slowly unzipped his jeans, his silent invitation. 

Now, as you know, I'm no stranger to a man's body or the pleasure it can give me, so when I heard his zipper go down, it didn't take long for my hand to dip inside his pants and become acquainted with his delicious dick. It was so warm and thick, I couldn't even wrap my fingers around it. 

He responded by pulling my shirt up a bit and sliding his hand underneath, quickly cupping my tit and rubbing it hard. And since I have such sensitive nipples, it doesn't take long for someone to rub my tits and get me as wet as the Atlantic Ocean. 

I rubbed his cock a little while longer until I got it so hard it could have cracked concrete. Finally, David couldn't take it any longer and he pulled me over on top of him, making me straddle his lap. I kept thinking what a great idea it was for me to pick the mini skirt tonight instead of the jeans I had laid out on my bed. 

As I wiggled down into place, David reached up and slid my shirt off, licking his lips at the sight of my sheer black bra and busty cleavage. 

"God, you look hot," he whispered, sliding his hands up my hips and dragging my skirt up with him. 

I smiled and pushed down some, teasing his cock with the hot spot my pussy had become. He must have felt the heat because he moaned and whispered for me to take off my bra. With another smile, this one a bit wicked, I reached behind my back and released the clasps that held my bra together. As my tits fell forward, bouncing just a bit, David slowly lifted his hips, pulling his dick out and pushing it against my wet panties. I flung the bra to the floor and leaned forward, giving him another kiss as he reached under me and slid my panties to the side. 

"I need to fuck you," he whispered, and I gave no objections, of course.

I slid a bit to the left and helped him guide his dick into me. It was heaven!!! His cock was so warm and felt so fucking good buried inside my sloppy wet pussy. He sunk in, balls deep, immediately. He placed his hands on my hips and gently worked my body up and down as he leaned forward and kissed my tits, licking and flicking my sexy tan nipples. 

I cupped his head and looked down, watching his mouth suckle my nipples like a hungry baby. I brought my feet up and pushed them into the couch, using them for leverage to bounce up and down on his thick, throbbing shaft. I couldn't believe the guy I had lusted after for so long actually had his dick buried in me in his own house. I had dreamed of this moment for so long. Many nights I finger fucked myself with this exact fantasy running through my mind, and now it was a reality. 

I brought David's face up and kissed him again as I rode him, grinding my cunt and wrapping my collapsed pussy walls around his raging hard on. He wanted me to bounce hard, not only to feed his aching cock but to watch my sexy heavy tits bounce like corks in water. This only made me hotter, I had always loved showing men my tits. 

"God, your pussy's hot, Roxy," he groaned, staring right up into my eyes. 

"I could be your slut on the side, David," I groaned, feeling his cock burrowing deeper with every thrust, "I'll do anything you want."

"You'd have to be my secret slut, Roxy, you're not good enough to be my girlfriend, only my piece of ass when I need it," he hissed, curling his top lip.

Now, to most girls, this would have been an insult, but not to me. If all I could be was David's slut, that was fine with me. It was better to be his slut then just a girl he knew in school. Besides, I wasn't looking for anything steady anyway, not even from him. I'm 19 years old, I just wanna have sex and party. So, if slut status is what I had reached, then party on!

Just then, the front door flung open and there stood David's dad, Bill. 

"Dad!!! What the fuck are you doing here?" asked David, almost pushing me off his lap. 

"I came up here to work on a settlement for the Larson case, I didn't expect anyone to be up here," said Bill, shutting the door and throwing his coat and briefcase into a corner chair. 

David frantically shoved his stiff cock back into his jeans and zipped them up, tossing me my shirt to cover up with.

"Who's your friend?" asked Bill, looking at me with a puzzled stare.

"This is Roxy, Roxy, this is my father, Bill," said David, completely embarrassed.

"Nice to meet you, Roxy," he said, extending his hand.

"Nice to meet you too, Bill," I said, almost in a whisper.

"Well, looks like I walked in on a party," said Bill, taking a seat on the other couch and loosening up his tie.

"Dad, could you leave us alone, please?" asked David.

"This is my house, David, and there are other rooms. Besides, how was I supposed to know you'd be here? Last thing you told me was that you were going to the movies with your friends," he said, tossing his tie over on top of his coat and briefcase. 

"Yeah, well, change of plans," said David, throwing his head back and looking up at the ceiling. 

Hard as I tried, I couldn't keep from making eye contact with Bill. With all the confusion, I had not even bothered to sit like a lady, and Bill noticed. There I was, shirt over my bare tits and my legs open just enough that you could easily see my panties. I glanced down, for just a second and noticed a bulge forming inside Bill's pants. And, of course, me being me, I did what all "sluts" do, I dropped my shirt and gave Bill a perfect view of my tits. 

"You have a beautiful body, Roxy," he said, then looking over at David, "You're a lucky boy."

"Roxy, what the hell are you doing?" said David, very upset at this point. 

"Well, David, I see no reason to be shy now. Your dad knows what we were doing," I answered. 

"It's not hard to figure out what you two were doing," said Bill, "And there's no reason to stop on my account."

At first, the room went silent and David's head shot up in surprise.

"Are you kidding?!?!" asked David, totally shocked. 

"No, I'm not kidding, son, go ahead, finish what you started," said Bill, sitting back in the chair and getting more comfortable.

I liked how Bill's mind worked. I didn't see any reason to stop, I mean it's not like Bill's never seen a naked woman before and besides, my pussy was aching to cum. So, I made the next move. I stood up and finished taking off my clothes until I was completely naked. I finally convinced David to unzip his pants again and pull his still rock hard cock out. Behind me, I could hear Bill's zipper being let down as David stood up and got behind me. 

"Have you licked her pussy yet, son?" Bill asked, reaching inside his pants and pulling out his cock, too.

"We didn't quite get that far, Dad," answered David, pressing his dick against my naked ass. 

I looked over at Bill and asked him if he'd like to have the first taste. He looked at me for a moment and stood up, walking over to David and I. 

I took a few steps forward and laid down on the cold coffee table, placing my feet on the corners and spreading my legs as wide as they'd go, just as I had done for Garrett that night in the backroom of the club. 

"Mmmm, sexy sweet pink pussy," growled Bill, as he slowly dropped to his knees. 

"Suck my clit," I whispered, cupping my heavy tits and massaging them. 

Now the fact that Bill was a happily married man didn't bother me in the least. I saw his shiney gold wedding band as soon as he sat down, but his little wifey was nowhere to be found, therefore her husband was my pussy licker for the night. 

David watched and stroked his dick while his father shoved his tongue inside my pussy. I could hear David urging his father on, telling him to tongue fuck me like the slut I was. 

Bill's tongue was warm and soft as it lapped up my clit, gently nibbling it and sucking on my smooth pussy lips. I arched my back and pushed my sloppy wet cunt to his mouth, moving my hips side to side to ride his face. He reached up and grabbed my inner thighs, pushing my legs open further. He was like a starving dog getting his first meal. Finally, he stayed on my clit, biting and sucking it, moving his mouth side to side. This was driving me crazy with lust!!! I looked up at David and his cock was so hard the head was turning every shade of purple known to man. His cock tip glistened with pre cum and he was bucking his hips, humping the air, completely enjoying the show that his father and I were putting on. 

Suddenly, my stomach tightened and my eyes went blurry. I reached down and grabbed Bill's head, almost shoving his entire face inside my cunt. I bucked my hips and moaned, feeling my orgasm coming on like a hurricane. 

"Oh, fuuuuuuuck, Bill!!!! Oh, God, I'm fucking cumming!!!!!" I screamed, holding his head and mouth on top of my clit as I fed him pools of my creamy sweet cum. 

He lapped up every drop and acted as if he would love more. Suddenly, David pushed his father out of the way and pulled me up to my feet. The room was still spinning so my legs felt like jello, struggling to hold myself up. He pushed me over the arm of the couch and slammed his dick inside my sensitive, still tingling pussy. No words were said, just hardcore slamming banging fucking. 

Bill stepped back and watched his son fuck me as he stroked his cock hard. He moaned, telling David to slam me like I was a paid hooker. He urged his son to fuck the shit out of me, almost raping me. I screamed as the arm of the couch dug into my hips. My tits were pressed to the material and were becoming sweaty. David had his hand on the back of my head, holding it down so I couldn't move. 

"Why don't you put your dick in her mouth, Dad?" he moaned, pumping the shit out of my pussy.

"Hell no, I'm holding out for that asshole," whispered Bill, waiting patiently for his turn.

Just then, David ripped his cock from my cunt and pulled me up to my feet again. 

"Get on the couch," he said, on all four's.

I knew what they wanted to do so I was more then willing to obey David's demand. I got on all four's and watched the two men take their places, Bill behind me, and David in front of me.

I hungrily took David's cock into my mouth, sucking and slurping on the veins that throbbed from his shaft. As for Bill, I obliged him as well, I stuck out my ass and pushed against him as he shoved his rod up my asshole. Even though I was still raw from Jake fucking my asshole, I was also incredibly hot and didn't care at this point. 

David grabbed my long hair and used it to piston my mouth up and down, making my lips, tongue and tonsils rape his cock. Bill grabbed my hips and finally shoved all nine inches of his rod into my raw, gaping asshole. They both began pumping my holes, same rhythm, same motions. I remember thinking to myself how much more slutty could I be? I didn't care, I just wanted to get fucked. 

I reached behind David and slid a finger inside his ass, which he seemed to really love. The only time my mouth left his cock was to lick and suck his balls, which he also seemed to really love. 

I could feel my asshole opening further and that familiar burning sensation had returned, but I never complained. I had never seen a man Bill's age have such a big dick and it felt so fucking good inside my asshole. He slapped my ass, just as Jake had done, sending the same shock waves through my ravaged body. I hummed around David's cock because the burn of Bill's slaps felt so good. That mixture of tingling and burning is a feeling you can't put into words, just that it feels amazing!!!

I slid a second finger into David's asshole and plunged them in and out, knuckle deep then wiggled them around inside him. I thought to myself how good the inside of an asshole feels, no wonder men love putting their dicks into them!

Just then, David began fucking my mouth harder and deeper, gagging me with every forceful thrust. His grip on my hair became tighter and his thrusts became faster. It was all I could do to keep from throwing up because his cock tip kept pushing my tonsils back. Then one final thrust ...

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!!!!" he screamed, ramming my throat as if it were my pussy. Shot after launching shot, David's warm, thick, gooey cum slid down my throat, coating every inch of my mouth.

I guess this excited Bill because he wasn't far off. He began pumping his dick hard and deep, grinding his dick into me and punching my womb with his cock head. His hips moved side to side, making his dick dig into me, and like clockwork, both Bill and I erupted at the same time. 

Gobs of gooey warm cum flooded into my asshole like a raging river as I licked David's cock clean. My own orgasm popped up and soon Bill and I both were screaming and trembling.

"Mmmmmmmm, fucking take that, Roxyyyyyyyyyy!!!!" screamed Bill, shoving his cock, balls deep into my asshole and unloading his seed.

I screamed and hummed around David's cock as I came, then yanked my fingers from his ass and rubbed his juices on his naked nipples, making them hard and sticky. 

Then, there was silence. Bill slowly slid his cock from my asshole and David pulled his cock from my mouth and I just laid there for a moment, letting the rest of my orgasm flow. 

"You were right, son, she IS a slut," said Bill, pulling his pants back up.

"She always has been, even in school everyone knew what she was," laughed David, zipping his jeans and throwing my clothes onto my naked back.

"Give her a minute to recuperate then take her home," said Bill, "And I don't wanna see her in my house ever again."

David agreed and gave me a few minutes to get dressed and catch my breath. We never spoke on the ride home and he didn't even drop me off at my house. He didn't wanna be seen in my neighborhood. 

So, now I'm home again, fresh from the shower. As I write this, I have resigned myself to the fact that all fantasy does not match reality. That was the case with David. For four years I lusted after him, but after having his dick inside me, I honestly don't see what the big deal really was. But, all the same, I did get to experience it and now I have another juicy story for my diary. Life is good.

Love, Roxy