 As a young man of eighteen, I always imagined that the first truly momentous event in my life would be my thirtieth birthday; you know, the day that you realise that your youth is over, that middle age beckons and that it is time to grow up? Of course, now that I have not only reached but passed that particular milestone I realise that there have been a number of significant moments in the intervening period -- gaining my degree, starting my first job, meeting Sarah, the woman that would later become my wife, moving into our first home, committing to our first mortgage, and so on. And now, here I was, Steve Cousins, standing on the threshold of yet another major landmark, becoming a partner in the small consultancy practice that I have been working for this past five years. Had I but known it then, I was actually standing on the threshold of two life-changing events, but more of that later.

My degree is in Construction Technology and Economics, so that once an architect has unleashed his creative flights of fancy, I work with the engineers to ensure that the vision is turned into reality using the most cost-effective materials, techniques and logistics. Having helped to bring in a number of prestigious projects on time and under budget I have earned something of a reputation in the industry and that, no doubt, has contributed to the co-founder of Banks Albright, Mark Albright, offering me the partnership.

And that is why Sarah and I were invited over to Mark's house to meet his wife and have dinner by way of 'sealing the deal' as it were.

Sarah is my idea of the ideal woman; she is smart, intelligent, a bit of a risk-taker (which I am certainly not) and very cute. We met at university where she was studying law, and she is now a successful solicitor in a large firm in the city. She has straight, blonde hair which reaches down below her shoulders, perky, 34B breasts (my favourite size) and a gorgeous, tight little bottom. Her legs are comparatively long for her 5' 5" height. We are both 33 years old and have been happily married for six years. Tonight she looked particularly attractive in her little black dress, black stockings and heels.

I had not previously met Mark's wife, Mandy. Being something of an enthusiast of old, particularly quirky, television comedy shows, my first thought at realising that this couple is Mark and Mandy was of Mork and Mindy, and as I shook her hand and kissed her cheek in greeting I had to suppress a giggle that threatened to embarrass me. Mark is 42, an ambitious, dynamic, driven individual who has been largely responsible for the success of the Banks Albright partnership and has made a fortune along the way. He is not, to my eyes, particularly handsome, but his charisma and powerful character are undoubtedly attractive to women, if the responses of the girls in the office whenever he steps into the room are anything to go by. Mandy is, perhaps, 37 or 38 and very attractive. She is somewhat taller and bigger framed than Sarah, maybe 5' 8", with bigger breasts (36C by my estimate) and wider hips, which make her bum bigger than Sarah's, but overall she is perfectly proportioned and her body is in great shape. She has almost jet black hair, a little shorter than Sarah's, dark brown, seductive eyes and a winning smile. Tonight she was wearing white trousers that showed off her bottom to great effect and a floaty white blouse that was as loose as her trousers were tight, but which defined the shape of her shoulders and, most effectively, the swell and extent of her breasts. She looked awesome.

It took a little while to break the ice, especially between the women, but after a few drinks we all began to loosen up and the conversation became easier. When we sat down for dinner, with Sarah sitting opposite Mark and me sitting across from Mandy, it became apparent that Mark had cooked the meal; the food was delicious, yet another proficiency to add to Mark's long list of accomplishments. By the time we had eaten dessert and consumed three bottles of red wine, we were talking comfortably with one another about a range of topics, each being careful, as this was primarily a social occasion, to avoid the topic of work, the practice and my impending partnership. The wine and good company were beginning to take effect and I felt very relaxed indeed, even when Sarah and Mark began flirting outrageously with one another. I'm not sure that Mandy was too happy about this, as she suddenly excused herself and said that she was going to prepare some coffee. As she walked away from the table I couldn't help but stare at her bottom as it swayed with each step. When she returned a few minutes later the conversation continued in more sober vein until, that is, Sarah asked what, on the face of it, was a very innocent question.

'So,' she enquired, shifting her gaze from Mark to Mandy and back again, 'what do you two do for fun, to wind down from the stresses of life?'

Mark looked quickly at Mandy and an impish grin crossed his lips.

'We're swingers,' Mark answered without further hesitation.

I imagined a loud, dull thudding noise, which would have been the sound of my jaw hitting the table. Sarah, however, takes revelations like this much more in her stride.

'Oh my God,' she exclaimed, 'That's fantastic, I'd love to try that.' I looked at her aghast; was she deliberately trying to mock my boss and his wife? Or was she genuine? The glint in her eyes and smile on her lips told me that she might actually be telling the truth, although it was something that we had never ever discussed between us. 

'Really?' Mark asked, looking at Sarah with undisguised lust. I began to feel uncomfortable. 

'I think it would be such a blast,' Sarah responded, 'With the right people of course,' she added, moderating her enthusiasm, but giving Mark a meaningful smile. 

I looked at my wife as if I was seeing her for the first time, and certainly in a new light. I didn't know where this was leading but, thankfully, I knew I could trust Mark to be sensible.

'Well,' he said, looking into Sarah's eyes. I gazed across at Mandy, trying to gauge her reaction to the latest developments; she was leaning slightly forward in her seat, her chin resting on her clasped hands, looking relaxed and demure, with her eyes focused on Sarah. I thought I detected a twinkle in them. 'I take it, especially from Steve's reaction here, that this is something that you not only haven't tried but that you have not discussed. Would I be right?' Sarah nodded silently, as if she had been chastised. 'Then that is what I would advise,' Mark continued, 'before taking anything further. It's a big step and you both have to be entirely comfortable.' Mark looked at me and I nodded sheepishly, relieved that he had apparently defused the situation although my stomach somersaulted again as he turned to his wife and added 'But if you decide it's what you want, Mandy and I would be glad to introduce you to the lifestyle, wouldn't we?' 

Mandy looked at Sarah and then at me, 'Oh yes,' she replied, a low, honey-richness to her voice, a sensuous, encouraging smile on her lips. 'But for now perhaps we should take our coffees over to the sofas where we can be more comfortable?' she suggested, and I thought I detected a certain ambiguity in the way she spoke. 

We took our coffees over to the lounge area where three white leather sofas were arranged in a horseshoe pattern around a smoked glass coffee table, the open side facing a white marble fireplace within which a log fire burned brightly.

By coincidence (or design?) Mark and Sarah ended up sitting next to one another on the sofa directly facing the fireplace and Mandy and I took our seats on the sofa to their right. 

I thought that the natural break in our conversation occasioned by our relocation to the lounge area would mean that the most recent topic would finally be set aside, although I have to confess that sensing the proximity of Mandy's body as we sat side by side on the sofa, the prospect of seeing her naked and the possibility of actually getting to make love to her did pass through my mind and I could feel my body react.

Any attempt to set aside such lascivious thoughts was, however, thwarted by Sarah, whose curiosity was clearly piqued and she was eager to know more. She began to quiz our hosts about their swinging lifestyle. 

Mark explained that he and Mandy were part of a group of around a dozen couples who hosted parties at one another's houses every few weeks at which swinging was a regular feature, although sometimes the participants remained in their respective couples and had sex in the same room. He said that because everyone knew each other it was a very safe and relaxed environment but occasionally in order to freshen things up they liked to introduce new couples to the group or they would attend exclusive parties where they could mingle with strangers. 

I have to admit that Mark's narrative was intriguing and I was beginning to feel aroused. I imagined that Sarah was too; she was asking more intimate questions and sliding closer to Mark on the sofa as he spoke. Mark talked of their experiences for quite a while, as the three of us listened and drank more wine. 

'It all sounds really exciting,' Sarah said in a low, husky voice full of emotion and sexiness. 

Sarah suddenly stood up, smoothing down her short black dress by running her hands over her hips. She looked at me, a soft, sultry look, before bending at the waist, reaching for and squeezing my hand and leaning in to kiss me softly on the lips. Standing again, she reached behind her neck with her right hand, scooped her blonde hair together and drew it over her right shoulder. She tilted her head to the right side, exposing her soft, creamy neck and, perhaps more importantly for her, the zip at the top of her dress.

Mark took this as his invitation. He stood up and moved behind my wife, placing his hands lightly on her hips. I watched, both fascinated and appalled, as he bent forward and kissed her exposed neck. Sarah sighed in response and rolled her hips seductively under his hands. I was paralysed; I had no idea how to respond. Sarah was clearly dictating the action, so I had no reason to be angry with our hosts for taking advantage of my, slightly drunk, wife. And yet I could not draw my eyes away from the scene that was playing out in front of me, fearful yet anxious to know what would happen next. I did not notice Mandy leaning closer against me, her weight leaning against my right arm as we sat on the sofa. No doubt she too was watching events as they unfolded before us.

After a few moments of Mark kissing and nibbling Sarah's neck, I noticed his hands leave her swaying hips and disappear behind her. My heart beat faster and the blood pounded in my ears as I realised that his hands had found their way to the nape of her neck, to the little black tag of the zipper. Involuntarily, I held my breath, but above the noisy throb of my pulse as it beat a quickening rhythm in my head I heard the unmistakable whirr of the zipper of my wife's dress as my boss Mark drew it slowly down. 

She still faced me, her eyes unfocused, dreamy, her dress gradually becoming less form-hugging as the zipper descended. I knew Mark was getting his first glimpse of Sarah's smooth, pale back, the thin black straps of her bra, the hollow of her waist, before the gentle swell of her rump began. Mark seemed to pause, admiring his handy work, admiring the first, tantalising views of my wife's body as he unwrapped it. With the zipper fully open, he could no doubt see the thin waistband of her thong.

Mark was kissing her neck again, his hands sliding to her shoulders, inside her dress. Moving his hands slowly over her skin, to the top of her arms and then down, he slipped the dress gradually from her upper body, exposing her breasts in their lacy black bra as Mandy and I looked on.

'Mmmm', Mandy cooed as she placed her hand on my leg, just above my knee and squeezed. 'She's gorgeous, isn't she?' I only managed a nod in return as my wife's dress bunched at her waist, prevented from falling further by the tightness of her hips. Mark was kissing Sarah's shoulder blades now, long and lovingly as his hands once more went to her hips, this time taking hold of my wife's dress and tugging it over the constraint of her hips and letting it slide down her long legs to puddle at her feet. My eyes darted to the small triangle of material that covered her sex, utterly enthralled. At my side, Mandy gasped audibly as my wife's thong and sheer black hold-ups with the sexy, lacy tops were exposed to our admiring view, sliding her hand further up my leg.

Sarah stepped daintily out of her dress and kicked it under the coffee table, as if acknowledging that she would not need it again for a while. With one final glance towards me, she spun on her three-inch heels and wrapped her arms around Mark's neck, pressing her lips to his and her delicious breasts into his chest. In response his hands slipped around her slim waist. Still in a state of shock I watched, transfixed, as my boss's hands began to stroke my wife's firm round bottom, virtually naked in her tiny thong panties. I loved my wife's bum and here she was letting another man fondle it. Despite my astonishment and jealousy I felt my cock stiffen in my trousers, encouraged no doubt by Mandy's slender fingers that were now exploring my blossoming bulge.

I tore my eyes away from my wife's bum, where Mark's hands were getting bolder, squeezing and caressing her soft round cheeks, to give Mandy a somewhat quizzical look. She really was quite attractive. Her brown eyes were soft and warm and large, quite sensual, and they would have drawn me in even if she didn't have her hand on my lap, teasing my erection through my pants. Her mouth was small and delicate, her lips full, soft and moist. I felt a sudden tingling rush in my groin as her fingers played me and I drowned in her eyes. I leaned in and kissed her. Her mouth immediately opened and my tongue found hers. Her mouth seemed really small inside and my first thought was to wonder how it would feel to have my hard cock in here instead of my tongue. I was soon to find out.

As we kissed deeply and Mandy sighed as my tongue invaded her mouth, she deftly unzipped me and slid her hand into my trousers, quickly finding the way into my boxers and wrapping her fingers around my erection. A moment of sudden panic assailed me as I thought I might ejaculate on the spot as this gorgeous woman whom I had only met for the first time this evening drew my rigid manhood out into the open and slowly pumped it. I fought for control as she broke off our kiss, dipped her head into my lap and planted a soft wet kiss on the head of my cock. My head rolled back against the sofa, my eyes closed, as Mandy slowly kissed and licked my shaft, then slowly slid my cock between her lips. What I had imagined a few moments before was confirmed; her hot little mouth was so tight around my hard cock, even though I am only an average guy of about six inches or so (though with tonight's excitement I felt bigger) and my cock filled her. She held firmly to the base of my shaft as her head bobbed steadily in my lap, her tongue teasing me as her mouth slid up and down on my engorged member. She established a steady, incredible rhythm and I managed to suppress the urgent desire to come there and then. My hand rested on her head, enjoying the feel of her thick, silky hair in my fingers, so much different to Sarah's fine, flowing locks. Sarah! In the excitement I had almost forgotten about her. I lifted my head from the back of the sofa, opened my eyes and looked over at my wife.

She was still standing, facing Mark and wrapped in his arms. His hands were scooting up and down her back, from her shoulders to her firm round buttocks and they were still kissing deeply. I was just in time to see his wandering hands rest on the strap of my wife's bra and deftly flick the clasp. His hands moved to her shoulders and drew the straps of her bra down over her arms. Their tight embrace relaxed just long enough for the bra to be extricated from the narrow space between them and tossed onto the floor. I groaned, partly because of the delightfully tight blow job I was receiving from Mark's wife and partly because I imagined my wife's pert little breasts, with their suckable hard little nipples, digging into Mark's chest.

Mandy shifted slightly in her seat, probably so that she could watch what her husband was doing to my wife as she sucked me, then increased the speed and intensity of her movements on my cock. I groaned in ecstasy once more and, despite still being in total shock at the situation that had arisen so unexpectedly, I couldn't help but imagine what it might be like, if Mandy's sweet mouth was this tight and this good, to sink my hard cock into her pussy. 

A soft, sensual moan brought me out of my reverie, a moan that I knew was my wife. I looked across towards her. Mark's firm arms were wrapped around her waist and she was leaning back, arching herself in a supple sinuous curve as Mark sucked on her left nipple. The sight made my cock twitch and swell in Mandy's mouth and she moaned in pleasurable response. Fighting once more for control over the delicious rush that threatened to spill at any moment, I reached beneath Mandy as she lay across me and cupped her breast through her blouse. It felt much bigger than Sarah's, though probably no more than the C cup that I had estimated earlier and I squeezed it, luxuriating in the different feel of a new woman's breast. Mandy moaned in pleasure again and pumped harder on my cock.

Sarah's right nipple was now deep in Mark's mouth as her moans became louder and more continuous. Mandy began to complement her as I rubbed her nipple through her blouse and bra. She must have sensed that I was closer than ever to coming, as she relaxed her grip on my cock and slid me gently out of her mouth. Her head came up level with my own and she smiled, a sexy delicious smile, her lips wet with saliva and my precum. She leaned in and kissed the tip of my nose coquettishly, then pulled her blouse out of the waistband of her trousers before unbuttoning it and removing it, casting it onto the floor. I stared, like a teenager, at her firm, round breasts held in place by a fairly insubstantial white bra. Smiling at me, she reached behind her back and unclasped the bra, drawing it from her shoulders, exposing those wonderful breasts to my gaze, The nipples, already partially erect, jumped to attention in the cooler air of the room. I leaned in and kissed Mandy's throat as my hand found and fondled her breast. She pressed herself into me and I felt the hard pebble of her nipple in my palm. I reached for it and tweaked it between my finger and thumb, gently at first and then a little more roughly noting the effect that it seemed to have on her. 'Oh yes' she moaned as I tweaked and pulled, 'yes Steve, that's it -- that gets me so wet.' 

I couldn't believe my ears, Sarah would never say anything like that and it made my cock twitch and ache even more. Mandy reached for me and began gently stroking my hardness once more, keeping me on the brink.

Sarah would never say anything like that. Oh, wouldn't she? At that moment my wife moaned louder than previously and shouted out 'Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!' I looked across anxiously, although the cry was clearly one of pleasure rather than alarm. Mark was still suckling deeply on my wife's breasts, rapidly alternating from one hard, aching nipple to the other. But he took the outburst as a signal to ease up; he released her tit from his mouth and pulled her up into a more comfortable standing position, cradling her in his arms and kissing her deeply. 

Strangely, I was beginning to relax, in one sense anyway, knowing that my wife was in good hands and clearly enjoying herself. I was too, with Mandy's tits in my hands, fondling and caressing, making her moan and, apparently, wet. I was getting very turned on, even more so, to my surprise, when I watched, as if from outer space, as Mark hooked his fingers into the waistband of my wife's thong and slowly peeled it down over her round bum cheeks and then down her thighs. I watched, mesmerised, viewing from an entirely new angle as my gorgeous wife's thong caught between her cheeks and thighs and reluctantly came down. Mark sank to his knees as he pulled the flimsy garment down Sarah's legs, over her calves, and I knew that his face must be close to her mound, where he would get his first sight of the delicate dark blonde hairs that formed a little landing strip above her slit, the rest waxed and smooth. As I fondled Mandy's glorious breasts I envied Mark his current view of my wife's sex., particularly when she lifted one leg, then the other to allow him to remove the thong completely. Still kneeling, Mark ran his hands up her legs, his fingers running up the backs of her thighs, until he was cupping her bum cheeks. I watched the delicate flesh of Sarah's bottom dimple as his fingers pressed into her, drawing her towards him until, oh my good God, his face must be pressed against my wife's mound, his tongue no doubt tasting her for the first time. 
