 Maxine stepped into the new black tube dress she'd bought and pulled it up over her body. It clung to every curve and she immediately regretted buying it. Her usual style was simple and classic, cut to her knee with a sensible neckline. The saleswoman told her that she wasn't to wear a bra or panties, as it would ruin the 'line'. At the time Maxine had dismissed her advice but now, looking in the mirror, she could understand. Maxine could clearly see her nipples, the soft curve of her breasts, her flat belly as it hollowed into her belly button and the sharp angle of her hips. Turning away to look at her behind she could see the swell of her bottom, the fabric clinging so tightly that it cut in underneath her round cheeks. 

The colour was a far cry from her usual neutral-toned clothes and it made her look dangerous and sexy. It wasn't familiar and she felt a twinge of fear as she realised she didn't recognise herself. She ran her fingers through her hair. This too was new. A pixie-cut, that she had to admit, suited her well. She was nervous about revealing this sudden transformation to their friends Barb and Tony who were joining them for dinner tonight. For years they'd gently teased her about her "soccer Mum" look. The urge to change herself came over her today and she'd impulsively took the plunge. 

She was still frowning at her reflection when her husband John stepped in behind her, his hands snaking their way around her belly pulling her against his hard firm body. 

"God Maxine you look hot!" 

She grinned, secretly pleased that he was interested.

"Are you sure? It's so revealing! I feel...naked...I'm not sure it's me." 

"You look gorgeous. Don't change a thing. Let's call Barb and Tony and cancel? I wanna fuck you. I wanna lift up your dress and slip my cock into your pussy. Whaddya say baby? Come on, bend over in front of the mirror so you can see me fuck you baby. Let me get this dress up a bit." 

His hands slipped down her thighs grabbing the hem of her dress, tugging it up over her bottom to her waist, his fingers sliding up and down her bare legs and arse. 

John groaned, "Oh my God...No panties! Oh yeah I like it." 

Maxine grinned wildly and reached back, holding John's head to hers, keeping his mouth close to her neck. Goosebumps ran across her body as he lightly kissed and licked her neck and shoulder.

"Come on honey, lean over for me, let me see your hot ass," he murmured in her ear. 

Her nipples were peaking so hard they ached. His fingers were burrowing through her thatch of trimmed pubic hair, the tip of his finger brushing across the sensitive hood of her clit making her pussy twitch and moisten with the promise of how he could make her come. 

She instinctively pressed her tight round bottom against his hardening cock, parting her legs just a little. 

"Mm John, yeah that feels so good. But it's too late to cancel now. It's been ages since we all caught up with each other. We also haven't heard about their trip to Italy yet." 

She twisted in his arms pressing her body against his as he leaned her against the sharp edge of the bureau. She could feel the heat of his body and he groaned, placing a long deep kiss on her mouth. 

"Promise me as soon as they leave I can fuck you hard and fast, cos it's gonna be all I can do not to explode in my pants looking at you." 

Maxine kissed John back softly slipping her tongue into his mouth exploring him, tasting him. He moaned, grinding himself against her belly. 

"Oh God woman stop it before I lose my mind!" 

Maxine chuckled and pushed him away. 

"They'll be here soon, how 'bout you get some drinks ready?" 

She turned toward the mirror again, pulling her dress down over her thighs. Her pussy tingling and aching for what was to come later. She put on the 4-inch black heels she had bought months ago and never felt brave enough to wear. Years spent wearing flat 'Mummy' shoes had made her forget how great her ankles and calves looked in heels. At 5'4" she always felt like everyone else towered above her. Even her teenage kids were taller than her now, so it felt wonderful to be finally wearing shoes that showed off her legs. 

The doorbell rang and Maxine rushed to welcome her friends. John was right behind her.

"Those heels are so sexy," he whispered in her ear, "Keep them on when we're fucking tonight ok?" 

Maxine shivered with delight at this renewed interest John had in her. They'd always had a good sex life, sometimes it was a little predictable but for the most part they'd always found the time and the energy to enjoy it. He hadn't pursued her like this since they were first married. If all it took to keep her husband's interest, at a time when other men strayed, was a new hairstyle and outfit she would do it more often. She turned to him kissing him affectionately.

"Sure thing." 

"Hi there you two!" 

Barb was standing on the doorstep looking as gorgeous as ever. Maxine swallowed her envy as she smiled at her friend. Barb was very sure of her sexuality and she lived and breathed it effortlessly. Tonight her thick dark hair was pulled into a loose chignon with sexy tendrils about her face and neck. Her dress was dark red, the colour accentuating the fairness of her flawless skin. It clung to her large firm breasts plunging so low that her black lace bra, which struggled to contain her plump mounds, could be seen. The dress fell seductively about her round hips swishing lazily against her long shapely legs. 

"Barb you're looking as gorgeous as ever!" exclaimed John reaching out to kiss Barb on the cheek, pulling her into his arms, his hands roaming freely over the silky dress. 

"John, you devil, good to see you," she laughed good-naturedly. 

She turned to greet Maxine.

"Max! My God, your hair, that dress, fuck you're wearing heels!"

Barb was aghast, her mouth open. Maxine blushed.

"Barb, it's good to see you too. You like it?" 

Barb hugged her, pressing her full ripe body against Maxine's small frame engulfing her in a sea of flesh and heady perfume.

"Max you look amazing. You look so sexy." 

Tony ran up the steps to join them.

"Hi guys. How're you?" 

He shook John's hand and turned to Maxine his eyes widening as he caught sight of her.

"Max! Wow, look at you!" 

Maxine blushed red hot and stepped forward into his arms kissing him on the cheek as he held her in a tight embrace. Tony's hands drifted down her back, following the natural sway of her bottom. He was stroking her arse and Maxine could feel his cock quivering against her belly. Tony could obviously feel that she wasn't wearing any panties and Maxine was secretly delighted that he knew. 

Barb startled them both.

"Put the poor girl down Tony!" 

He pushed her from him and held her at arms length, his gaze roaming over her body as Maxine felt herself being undressed by her dear friend. The thought that he was admiring her brought a new hot sensation to her belly and she felt her limbs melt under his scrutiny. 

"Oh God Max, it's just such a change. And a good one! John you lucky bastard...you've got a new wife!" 

John was grinning from ear to ear.

"Don't I know it!" he exclaimed. 

The next couple of hours were spent catching up and looking over the holiday snaps from Barb and Tony's recent holiday. John opened the fourth bottle of wine of the night and refilled Maxine's glass brushing his fingers over the back of her neck as he passed by, sending a wave of tingling down through her body. Oh they were going to have fun tonight. 

"My God, Tony you didn't sort through the photos did you?" exclaimed Barb shrilly. 

Maxine looked over at the photo on the table and gasped. The picture was of Barb completely naked sitting astride a dark skinned man. Her breasts were thrust forward, her belly pulled in tight, her back arched and her thighs squeezing hard against the side of the man she was fucking. Her eyes were closed, her head was thrown back, her mouth open in ecstasy. Her fingers were tangled in her long hair which fell about her. The man, whoever he was, had his hands on her breasts, his fingers digging deeply into the soft flesh of her tits and pinching her nipples, the dark skin a contrast to her own fair complexion. 

"Good grief Barb. Who the fuck is that?" 

John was looking over her shoulder. Barb turned the photo over and left it on the table. 

"God how embarrassing!" She exclaimed. 

Maxine reached out and touched her friend on the shoulder. Barb turned to her, her face reddened in a hot blush. 

"Barb? Maxine asked. 

"For fucks sake Tony, help me out here?" Barb pleaded.

Tony was rocking back in his chair, clearly amused. 

"I didn't forget to sort the photos babe, I thought it was time we came clean!" 

Barb's mouth fell open.

"You did? Where's the photo of you eating the pussy of that Italian girl we met? Huh?" 

Tony roared as John as Maxine just sat there gaping at the spectacle before them. 

"It's there in the pile. Keep looking for it John, it's definitely there." 

John quickly grabbed the pile of photos from the table and flicked through them. 

"Whoa!" he whistled softly as his eyes widened at what he was looking at. Maxine was confused. What was happening? 

"What's going on?" 

"Honey, Tony and I have been experimenting a bit ... with ... well ... ah... swinging. You know having sex with other people? Our trip to Italy was planned with the intention of hooking up with some people we met on line." 

Barb sounded embarrassed. Maxine looked at her friend with new eyes, it's as if she didn't really know her at all. 

"Really? How long have you...um...been a swinger...been swinging? Dammit what am I supposed to say?" 

Barb and Tony both chuckled at her confusion and John kept flicking through the photos, his mouth open and his eyes glazed. 

"Um, honey you don't have to say anything. Tony obviously thought now would be a good time to let you both know. Our trip was intended to really throw ourselves in the deep end without meeting people we might know. It's given us more confidence and we've decided we both really like it. The people we met were wonderful and the experiences we had really opened our eyes to how much more fun we could be having. I just wish he'd told me he was outing us first." 

She threw a glare towards her husband.

John looked up from the pile of photos he was holding and Maxine knew exactly what he was thinking. She'd seen that look before -- he was horny. Seeing photos of their friends having sex with strangers had made him horny. She gulped and her felt her heart beating hard and fast in her chest. She felt a little dizzy and grabbed at her glass, taking a huge gulp of wine, it did nothing to help. 

"Guys this is amazing!" he uttered. "Tony that girl you're with, what was it like being with her?" 

Maxine exhaled loudly, not realising she had been holding her breath. All three turned to look at her. 

"John? Really! Don't you think it's kinda private?" 

John looked confused.

"Why? They're showing us the photos Max. There's a photo here of Tony with his face between the legs of a very hot sexy girl. In this one Barb's on her knees sucking a massive cock and ...is that a dildo? It's in her pussy! I don't think privacy is an issue here!"

Maxine blushed and realised that as he was talking her own pussy was getting wet and her breathing was shallow. 

"Mate it's so good, I'm telling ya!" exclaimed Tony. 

Barb smiled at him and reached across the table for him. They held hands.

"Seeing Barb with those guys it really opened my eyes to how fucking gorgeous she is and what a great lover she is. Sharing her like that has made me love her all over again." 

John shook his head in disbelief, "Tony that's a big decision. I'm not sure I'd want Max to fuck another guy while I watched." 

He glanced over at Maxine with lust and confusion. 

"John it's not like that. I don't doubt Barb's love for me. And she'll not leave me for one of them cos she doesn't want to be with them, do you babe?" 

Barb was nodding in agreement.

"John...Maxine... it's amazing. All the fun of fucking and being with other like minded people. It's thrilling. Different cocks and pussy's, different experiences all with the approval of your lover frees you to be a better lover yourself. And John? Tony loved being with those other women. Seeing him enjoying himself, fucking, fingering, licking...Mm it makes me horny just thinking about it."

Maxine was reeling from this unexpected revelation. She felt raw, exposed and unsettled. And if she was going to be honest, she felt really turned on. A thought occurred to her, did John ever want to have sex with other women? He was a human being after all and he'd openly admired beautiful women in the past, was it something he would want to do?

"Wow Barb. That's amazing!" replied John, his face a picture of lust as Barb talked of Tony's adventures. 

As if she could read her mind Barb asked gently, "Have you guys ever thought about it?"

John and Maxine both looked at each other.

"Uh...no...we've never discussed it before. It's just not something we ever thought of I guess," said John. 

"Max? Have you? Ever thought about it that it is?" asked Tony. 

Maxine looked at him. Tony was extremely handsome, he had thick wavy soft brown hair, he was well built and kept himself in shape at the gym. His arms were muscled and hard, his hands large with long thick fingers. His dark brown eyes were warm and questioning.

"Ah, once I thought about the kids swim instructor. He was very young and good-looking and the kids were little. I felt a little lost I suppose.It was just fantasising and I never ever did anything about it." 

John was looking at her quizzically. 

"You never said!" he exclaimed. 

He sounded hurt and at once Maxine regretted saying anything at all.

"Hey buddy, chill out!" said Tony calmly. "Max is being honest. Tell me you haven't seen a gorgeous woman and wondered what'd be like to fuck her, just once." 

John looked outraged then suddenly abashed, "God you're right. Yeah I've thought about it. I've never acted on it though." 

Maxine smiled at him, the relief in the air was palpable.

Barb said, "Whew! Crisis averted. So back to the beginning...how do the two of you feel about it? Swinging that is." 

Both John and Maxine stirred uncomfortably in their chairs. Maxine was very confused by her own feelings. She wasn't sure that haven't sex with a stranger was anything she wanted to try. She was too invested in the emotional side of lovemaking for her to think of it. 

"I get the feeling that you're not interested?" she asked. 

"Mm it's not that," said Maxine. "It's the thought of being with someone I don't know or even love. I don't think that part of it is thrilling for me. John? What about you?"

John was thoughtful, "I'm not sure either. A quick fuck with someone I don't know sounds hot but I reckon the reality of it would be too confronting. I've never really been a one-night stand man. And I just can't see myself being ok watching another guy eating out my wife, or fucking her! How would you feel watching me fucking another woman and enjoying it?" he asked. 

Maxine shook her head, "I don't know, I really don't. It never occurred to me that we would ever be talking like this."

Tony reached for the bottle of wine on the table, "What about if you two were with people you loved and they loved you?" 

He refilled everyone's glass, emptying yet another bottle. No wonder this all seems so surreal, thought Maxine I've got to be drunk. 

"Yeah right! Who'd ya have in mind mate? You and Barb?" scoffed John, chuckling as he looked around the table at everyone else. 

"Why not?" suggested Tony, "You know us and we know you. Neither of us wants to break up anyone's marriage. We just want to...enhance it...try something new." 

Barb reached out for John's hand, her thumb brushing the back of it tracing the veins and knuckles seductively. 

"John, I've seen you looking at me like you want to eat me, it's ok! I know you love Max. I also know Tony has a real desire for her. I don't mind but would you?" 

John sat there transfixed by her words and her touch. 

Maxine swallowed hard and watched as John processed the words she was saying. It was true what she said. More than once John had held Barb too long, touched her repeatedly during a conversation and talked about her incessantly after parties or get togethers. Maxine didn't mind because she trusted both her husband and her friend. This was different cos he would get the opportunity to taste her, be inside her, experience her in a way that he wouldn't have dreamed possible. Maxine felt a little afraid and then all at once she was aware that her belly was tightening and she realised that, in truth, she wanted to see Barb under her husband, she wanted to see his hard cock in her full mouth, she wanted to see them pleasuring each other. 

Maxine shivered when Tony reached for her and she licked her lips. 

"Max? What about you? Do you think you would like to watch Barb and John together?" 

Maxine blushed, "Ah I don't know. I hadn't thought about it before. I...I...I mean I know he's probably thought about it. I'm not worried about him wanting her instead of me. There's a part of me that would love to see them together." 

Tony smiled reassuringly, "I will admit I've imagined you naked on top of me, your sweet little breasts in my mouth, my cock in your tight pussy." 

Maxine licked her lips again, caught in his gaze, mesmerised by his words. 

"Tony... really?" muttered John. 

Barb squeezed his hand reassuringly and reached out with her free hand, rubbing the back of Maxine's neck, her fingers lightly stroking her shoulders. She leaned in and kissed Maxine on the cheek, her breath warm.

"Max? I'd love to kiss you. On the lips." 

Maxine faced Barb the two of them were just a couple of inches apart. Barb closed the gap slowly and Maxine felt like she was going to faint, her vision blurred and she could feel the blood rushing through her body. Closing her eyes, Barb's lips touched Maxine's softly, so softly that Maxine wasn't even sure that they'd connected. Then she felt her tongue sweep across her bottom lip. Instinctively she opened her mouth and Barb pressed her full soft lips onto hers, her tongue darting into her mouth, exploring and tasting her. Maxine's whole body was in raptures at the new sensation, her nipples were screaming out for attention and her pussy was moist and throbbing.

When Maxine thought she could stand it no more Barb pulled away from her. Dazed Maxine licked her lips and looked at John. His mouth was agape.

"Max?" 

Maxine smiled at him, "Wow!" 

Tony walked around the table and stood behind both women. He leaned down and kissed Barb on the mouth his tongue slipping between her lips. Pulling away he smiled at John and then leaned in toward Maxine.

"Max? Can I kiss you?" he whispered. Maxine nodded her head slowly her lips parted. Tony slid a hand around the back of her neck cradling her head. He leaned in closer then turned to look at John.

"John? Do I have your permission to kiss your wife?" 

John silently nodded. 

"Thanks mate." 

Tony pressed his mouth onto Maxine's, thrusting his tongue into her, forcing her to taste him, taking her. Gasping they pulled apart. John was standing, still holding Barb's hand, watching as Tony helped Maxine to her feet. 

"John? Can we go to the bedroom?" asked Barb. 

"Of course," said John. "So we're really gonna do this? Max?" 

Maxine looked over at her husband of 19 years. She smiled and walked to him on unsteady legs. She reached up and ran her fingers through his hair, pressing her horny body against his like she had just a few short hours before. 
