 Thanks again to my pal Gary for helping me out with the editing. He comes up with some great suggestions and hasn't been wrong yet! Thanks so much. I appreciate all the time you put in. You're very kind.

Chapter 4 takes up directly from Chapter 3 so please read this if you want to know the background to these couples and their story. 

______________________________

Maxine beamed. 'Help me Tony?" He leapt to his feet and pulled her up, holding her against him as she swayed on unsteady feet. 

"Where's Barb?" she asked. 

Tony shook his head. "Not sure. She went into the bedroom. I'll go find her."

Tony left her standing in the lounge room above a collapsed and exhausted John. Maxine, naked but for her stockings and heels, cum from both men trickling down her thighs, wetting her stockings, hadn't felt so good for years. 

"Hey guys come in here." Called Tony. 

John groaned and opened his eyes ravenously looking at Maxine as she towered over him. He licked his lips as he saw the copious amount of combined cum on her leg.

"Max babe? You ok?" 

Maxine grinned down at him. "I feel fantastic. You?"

John rolled onto his side and grabbed her ankle as he kissed up the inside of her calf until he got the back of her knees. He licked the silk of her stocking, his hot tongue leaving a trail of dampness. Maxine was squirming as he lapped at her, making his way to her pussy. He knelt in front of her, his hands clasped onto her ass cheeks, pressing her closer to his mouth. He nuzzled the trimmed hair on her mons, his tongue dipping into her cleft probing for her clit. 

"Come on you two!" Barb tugged Maxine away from John, leading her to the bedroom.

John scrambled to his feet. Barb had stripped off the red lace dress, her luscious curves and soft round form stirring John's semi-rigid cock to full attention again. He followed closely behind the two women. Tony was sitting on a chair just off to the side of the bed. Barb pointed to the empty chair next to Tony.

"John, sit there. Maxine asked me to do something for her today and we want you to watch."

John sat down as Maxine kicked off her heels and peeled off her stockings. She climbed to the middle of the bed, bent her knees and spread her legs wide showing herself to the two men. Tony and John leaned forward, their re-invigorated cocks laying between their legs.

Barb lay beside Maxine and stroked her fingers up and down Max's body, kissing her. A long deep sensual kiss, that was soft and gentle, both women sighing and stroking each other. Pulling away Barb looked over at John and Tony.

"We want you to watch and only join in when we ask you."

John looked disappointed but Tony sat back spread his legs and held his cock in his hand, stroking it from base to tip. He'd obviously seen something like this before. 

"You both look so beautiful." Said Tony huskily.

"I love watching you play with your cock babe." Said Barb softly. 

John immediately started to stroke his own dick and Maxine smiled at him. Barb turned her attention back to Maxine and pushed her onto her back.

"Lay back baby and enjoy." She said.

Barb cupped Max's breast in her hand and suckled on her nipple until it hardened in her mouth. Maxine was weaving her fingers in and out of Barb's luxurious dark hair, pressing her face into her breast. 

"Mmm. Yeah Barb, oh yes."

"You look wet Barb. I can see your sweet juice on your pussy lips." Said Tony quietly.

Barb looked over her shoulder at her husband. "When I'm finished with Max I want you to fuck me."

Tony grunted and stroked himself a little faster. Barb slowly kissed her way down Maxine's body, stroking and teasing her as she moved between her legs. Now both men could see Barb's soaked pussy. Barb kissed and licked Maxine's thighs.

"Mmm, I can taste cum on your thighs Maxi. It's so good." She looked over her shoulder and winked at the men.

Maxine was pulling on her nipples. She was crushing her breasts together, flicking the tips of her nipples, pinching them until she could feel the sharp pain that she'd come to love. Barb spread Max's outer lips and slipped her tongue into Max's pussy, lapping and flicking at her sloppy cum filled entrance. Maxine cried out and arched her back, desperately mauling her tits in excitement. 

"Oh Barb, yes, fuck yes, oh yes!"

She was widening her legs, clenching her ass cheeks and flexing her hips. Barb buried her face into Maxine's core, lapping and flicking her tongue over Maxine's tender pussy. Maxine rolled her head from side to side, she could feel the start of her orgasm coming from the depths of her belly and the soles of her feet. She felt like she was floating towards the beginning of her climax when she felt something hard pushing against her pussy. She looked down and saw Barb holding the dildo. She immediately protested.

"Oh Barb no! It's too big!"

Barb put the dildo down and scrambled to her knees. She stroked her hands reassuringly up over Maxine's belly and down again around her hips and thighs. 

"Shh, Maxi. It's ok. Just relax. Let me fill you baby. It'll be so good. If you hate it, we can stop but let's try."

Maxine wasn't sure. She'd loved to see the huge rubber cock in Barb but was sure it was too big for her. She bit her lip, frowning over at John. 

"John?" She asked hesitantly.

John just nodded his head. "Go on baby. It could be amazing."

"Barb won't hurt you Maxi you know that." Said Tony.

Maxine still wasn't sure. Barb called the men over.

"John? Tony? Come up here and play with her? Help relax her. I want her hot and wet, ready to cum just like before."

John and Tony didn't need to be asked twice. They climbed on the bed and lay on either side of Maxine. Max felt both their erections bumping up against her hips. She reached for them and held the velvety rods, one in each hand. She gently stroked up and down, rubbing her thumbs over the sensitive soft heads, prising the warm liquid from their holes, eliciting groans from both horny men. John turned her face to his and kissed her, seductively and slowly, his tongue sliding around in her mouth, teasing her gently. Maxine could already feel her anxiety slipping away. Then Tony cupped her breast, licked all around her nipple before pulling it into his mouth, sucking and nipping on the hard bud.

Maxine fell straight back into bliss, her orgasm now climbing again. She felt Barb's hand on her thighs softly spreading them open and felt again the hard rubbery head of the dildo. She instinctively tensed up and Barb stroked her again, this time covering her clit with her mouth. Maxine flexed her pussy up to meet Barb's mouth and that's when Barb twisted the monster head into Max's cunt. Maxine cried out at the intrusion. John looked down at Barb in alarm. 

"It's ok John, look." John leaned down to see the dildo in his wife. 

Maxine was panting. It didn't hurt. The initial fear she had that it would hurt was gone. It was stretching her. Really stretching her. Barb licked around the shaft and her entrance and twisted it again, pushing it in a little further. Maxine couldn't help but cry out again. 

"Does it hurt baby?" Asked John, concern on his face. His cock though was telling another story. It was throbbing in Maxine's hand.

Maxine shook her head. "No. It's just...ah...um...I feel so full. I'm not sure that any more will fit in though." 

"It looks so amazing Max. Your pussy is so stretched baby. It looks hot." Said John, his voice hushed.

Maxine couldn't get her breath. Tony hadn't let up on her tits and Barb was now sucking on her clit again. That's when Maxine felt the first wave of her orgasm. 

"Oh shit, oh fuck Barb, fuck oh God, I'm cumming!"

Maxine pressed her head back into the mattress, her breasts thrust in the air and Barb pushed the dildo all the way into Maxine's tight wet snatch. Maxine screamed, the feeling of being so full was overwhelming and she was crying out over and over. Barb handed John the vibrator and Maxine almost cried out with excitement at seeing the buzzing toy.

"John, take this. Use it on Maxi's clit. Make sure it's nice and wet." Barb demanded.

John pressed the vibrator onto her nub and rolled the rubber cock tip around and around her clit. Maxine was on fire. Her whole body felt like it was going to explode. She bucked her hips and Barb pulled the dildo out a little then thrust it back into her. Maxine's gushing juices were being pushed out of her and she felt Barb's tongue lapping at the sweet releases. John was doing a great job with the vibrator, not just paying attention her clit but stroking it around her over stretched pussy lips, down to her ass crack.

"Oh god I'm cumming again...oh fuck no...I'm cumming...oh!"

Maxine was shaking with the intensity of her climax and Barb was struggling to keep the dildo inside her tight hole. She sat up on her knees and held onto Maxine's hip as she thrust the dildo in and out of Maxine's sweet pussy, fucking her with it as Maxine came and then unbelievably came again. 

"No more, please no more." Maxine begged.

John turned off the vibrator and Barb slowly pulled the dildo out of her now gaping thrashed cunt. Tony wrapped Maxine into his arms, holding her as she shook and trembled. John and Barb lay together, stroking Maxine's back and ass. 

"Baby are you ok? Did we go too far?" Barb asked softly.

Maxine rolled away from Tony and faced her best friend. "It was the most amazing orgasm I've ever had. I want to do it again."

The End