 "Do you have a pack of cards?" asked Roger. Moments later the game began.

---------

Before dealing the cards Roger asked if we were happy playing around the low coffee table or whether we wished to move to the table in the dining room. We all agreed to stay where we were.

He then went on to explain that the game would continue until everyone was naked and that the last person left with any clothes on would allow him or herself to be undressed by his or her non partner. He also defined that shoes, socks and stockings count as one item of clothing and that watches and items of jewellery did not count at all. Then he dealt the first game, which Martin immediately lost and proceeded to remove his shoes.

During the course of the next few rounds Angela lost her shoes, as did Rosemary. Roger lost his shoes and socks and Martin lost his socks and shirt.

Martin looked across at his wife – he really could not believe that it was her enthusiasm, which had brought them all into this room that night. She had in all the years they had been married never ever shown any interest whatsoever in playing games at parties and yet here she was preparing to lose all her clothes before strangers and then perform a sex act in front of her husband with another man! This was quite amazing. If she went through with it and they were then invited to the party at the weekend, what would she be prepared to do then?

It was not Martin's night – he lost the next round and proceeded to remove his trousers leaving him in just his boxers and the fact that he was beginning to get excited was seen in the tented effect at the front of his boxers! Was that also a small damp patch appearing – oh dear, a distinct lack of control!

Angela lost the next round and she removed her blouse revealing a black bra which contained two very nice firm mounds – Martin's penis became even harder as he saw the whiteness at the top of Angela's breasts and the cleavage which separated what he hoped he was going to be holding and sucking in the not too distant future! .....and the damp patch got damper!!

Rosemary lost the next round. Since she was sitting on the sofa, she found it easier to get up and undo the buttons down the front of her dress – all the way down from top to bottom so that she could sexually push the dress from her shoulders and let it pool in a soft pile at her feet. The feeling of freedom this gave her was quite remarkable. The air circulating around her body, whilst knowing that two pairs of male eyes (and a pair of female eyes!) were gazing at her petite body covered only by her silky bra and panties – filled her with total lust? Would she go down on Roger or would she spread her legs for him to penetrate her very core where only Martin had been for so many years? She could feel something that she had not experienced for many a long month – she was damp between the legs and getting damper with each passing moment!

Rosemary sat back down on the sofa close to Angela and waited for the next set of cards to be dealt. As she sat there, she gained the distinct impression that Angela was casting lustful eyes over her body. This was something completely new to Rosemary – being eyed up by another female, but she had to admit that she did not object to it. What would it feel like to have her breasts caressed by a woman's hands, what would it be like to have her pussy kissed and sucked by a woman's lips and mouth. Oh my God – if she was not careful she would be making the sofa wet with her juices! What had got into her – at the moment nothing – in the near future hopefully Roger's cock and most definitely Martin's cock when they were in bed tonight!! Maybe even Angela's fingers if she played her cards right – yes, definitely if she played her cards right!!

Another hand of cards – another loser. This time Angela, who proceeded to take off her trousers by standing up, unzipping them on the side and pushing them down over her luscious hips revealing a black thong and a very tiny thong at that – just enough to cover her pussy mound and not enough to do more than sink into the cleft between her firm buttocks. Martin almost came in his boxers – he did in fact make his boxers damper than he should have done to keep this side of propriety!!

Angela slipped the trousers over her feet, let them drop by the side of the sofa and sat down again. As she sat down, she appeared to stumble slightly and fell sideways onto Rosemary, her hand pushing in between Rosemary's legs just at the juncture with her body, thus letting her hand feel Rosemary's cunt through the silkiness of her panties. Angela slowly pulled her hand out from between Rosemary's legs allowing her wrist and hand to slowly move over Rosemary's moist crotch. Whilst Angela apologised profusely, Rosemary felt like saying to her ' Shut up and do it again!' but she didn't – rather she said that no damage had been done and let's get on with the game.

Another hand was dealt and this time Roger came off worst. He proceeded to take off his shirt revealing a firm tanned chest covered in a medium growth of hair. Rosemary rumbled in her throat as she saw his upper body come into view. 'God', she thought, 'this is really getting better all the time. I am so stoked up, I am going to explode with pure unadulterated lust if I am not careful.'

Martin meanwhile was pondering his luck and wondering when it was going to give out. Not that it worried him losing his boxers – providing he was naked before Rosemary it meant he could bury his mouth and lips in Angela's cunt; by the look of it under that thong he was almost sure that is was as smooth as a baby's bottom and also very wet with flowing juices as well.

Angela lost the next hand. Turning her back to Rosemary she asked Rosemary to loosen her bra clips. Rosemary was taken completely by surprise but gathered herself sufficiently to reach across and unclip Angela's bra. 

It was a strapless bra with the result that as soon as it was loosened the cups fell forward off Angela's breasts and came to rest in her lap. Angela was facing Martin and he saw with wonder Angela's 'd' cup breasts come into view, firm and brown with sharp nipples protruding from the tips – nipples for the sucking and breasts for the licking! It was just too much – Martin's penis poked its tip through the gap in his boxers and Angela (and everyone else of course) could see what lay in wait behind the tartan material.

Rosemary lost the next hand and she took her bra off, very matter of factly as if she did it in front of strangers every day of the week. She dropped her bra on the sofa by her side, leant back and proceeded to caress her breasts for all to see. You could see that Angela was having a real job stopping herself from leaning across and taking Rosemary' s pert little joys in her mouth. 

With the exception of Roger all the players were now wearing just their pants – Roger also still had his trousers on. The next hand saw the first person naked. Rosemary lost!

To be continued...