 It had all started innocently enough. We had just finished the gig when Bill came up and offered to buy us both a drink. To be honest I couldn't remember his name at first, but Julie my partner and vocalist, whispered it into my ear as Bill went to the bar. Julie's much better than me at remembering names, and has often got me out of embarrassing moments. 

I'd noticed that Bill had been turning up at our gigs for the last month, and usually left just before we stopped playing. He always gave us a cheery wave as he went, and we always reciprocated. We had chatted briefly with him during our breaks before, but really didn't know him that well. Bill came to our table with a pint of Stella for me, and a white wine spritzer for Julie. He went back to the bar and returned with a pint of bitter for himself.

"I think you two are really brilliant, best duo around." Said Bill.

We thanked him for the drinks and the compliments, it's always great when someone's bothered to make an effort at the end of the night. Julie asked him if he was going to turn up for tomorrow's afternoon gig in a pub.

"I always carry this in my pocket so I know where you are, and yes count me in, I will be there." Said Bill as he fished out of his pocket a copy of the local gig guide.

I noticed that some of the listings had been highlighted, and those were all our gigs. I also noticed that Bill had positioned himself so he was directly in front of Julie, and his eyes kept shifting from her legs to her breasts, and back again.

Julie and I had been together for a couple of years and she was beautiful to look at. Five foot six, sparkling blue eyes and long blonde hair, perfect legs and small but firm breasts. Julie had a fun extrovert personality. She always wore sexy stage wear, and that night she was dressed in a blue satin top that exposed most of her breasts, and a figure hugging short black skirt and real stockings held up by suspenders. 

Most men at gigs stared at her all night, and she was quite used to it. But I could tell she was feeling uneasy under Bill's constant stare. The landlord was signalling from the bar for us to sign for our wages, and I suggested to Julie she should collect the money. She jumped at the chance and left the table to sort out the cash.

"I assume you two are a couple?" Asked Bill as he turned towards me.

"Yep we are, been together for a while now." I replied. 

Julie returned with the money and Bill set his gaze upon her again.

"I think I'm going to get out of these clothes and into something more comfortable, and then we should pack the gear down." Said Julie as she picked up her bag that contained her jeans and T-shirt.

"Do you need a hand with changing?" Asked Bill, not realising how many times she had heard that line before.

Julie gave Bill a little smile and told him she was OK, she could cope thanks, and off she went to get changed. I started packing down the gear, and Bill rushed about loading the heavy bits of equipment into the car. Julia returned clothes changed and with her hair tied up. She set about putting all the leads away. With Bill's help we were ready to leave in no time at all. Julie was chatting to the Landlord arranging another gig, and Bill sat at a table, lit a cigarette, and kept his eyes on her.

"Do you two fancy coming back to mine for a drink?" Said Bill.

I thanked him for the offer, but said we were too tired tonight, and suggested we might another time. Bill said OK, and he would see us tomorrow, then he rushed out of the pub, somehow keeping his eyes on Julie all the time.

We said good night to everyone and got in the car and started driving home.

"He was a bit intense and over the top." Said Julie.

"Yeah I know, he couldn't keep his eyes off you all night. It was like I wasn't there." I replied

"How old do you think he is?" She asked.

"Oh I don't know, around mid forties?" I suggested.

"Yeah, I thought that. He's quite good looking though." She said.

I was shocked by that last statement. I thought he looked a little like a football thug. He was medium build with a shaved head, and he had very dark eyes. Not that good looking, but then I never find men good looking I suppose. I left her comment floating in the air. 

We arrived home, and went to bed with a bottle of port. The room was cold so Julie switched on the fan heater to warm it up. It was a tradition for us both, that after getting home from a gig, we would both strip naked, lie on the bed and talk through the gig whilst sipping port. 

As we talked, we touched and stroked each other, slowly getting each other aroused. Julie moved her mouth to my cock and started to lick it. I brush my fingers over her shaved pussy and find her clit hard and ready. I pinch and pull it, as she takes my hard cock into her mouth. I move my position so my tongue is at her pussy lips. I gently lick her clit which she adores. It always produces a soft moan from her. I insert my tongue between her pussy lips and push it in as far as I can. She parts her legs to allow me better access as I continue to lick, poke and suck her lips. Juices begin to flow from her cunt, and my hair and face are soaked. Julie speeds up her mouth action on my cock and uses her hand to stroke up my shaft, and down to my balls.

We disengage from the oral sex, and sit up facing each other. She picks up her glass of port and dribbles some of it over her breasts, then lies back with her head on the pillows. I take a moment to look at her gorgeous inviting body.

"Take me hard and fast tonight Tim." She requests.

I move over her body to lick the port from her breasts, and linger around her nipples which tauten as I suckle on them. She grabs for my hard cock to direct it into her, but I pull away and tease her for a few seconds, she grabs again, and this time I let her guide my cock in. As always it slides in smoothly through her lubricating juices.

"Hard and fast." Says Julie again.

I pull the spare pillow over and place it under her ass to raise her hips slightly. I withdraw, the tip of my cock resting on her cunt lips.

"Are you ready?" I whisper to her.

"Yes now." she whispers back.

And I plunge hard into her. Julie gasps, then grabs my hips with both her hands, and moves me back and forth, in and out of her, at a very fast pace. I don't last long when we make love like this, just a minute or so if I'm lucky. But she always comes quickly in that position. I can feel the pressure building up in my balls as she bucks herself up in the air for deeper penetration, I can feel her cunt grip around my cock. She loses the rhythm which is a sure sign she's coming. And with a final thrust I feel my cock spurting deep inside her. She moves her hands to grip my shoulders to hold me in place as she arches her back upwards, and lets out a yell.

I lower her down to the bed, and roll to the right, but still inside her. Julie shudders as I hold her close. With in a few minutes, her breathing has slowed, and she's fallen asleep. I cuddle her, and soon after I'm asleep too.

We awoke early the next morning, Julie had already got the Sunday papers from downstairs and was sitting up in bed reading them. We liked to spend the whole of Sunday in bed, chatting about the articles, and playing with each other and lazily making love. But we couldn't today as we had to be at the pub by midday to perform. Usually about 11am I would cook a fry up for of both us and we'd have that in bed too. But neither of us liked eating before a gig, so we just had coffee. We got up, got dressed and loaded the car by 11.30, and set off for the gig.

On the way Julie complained of not feeling to well. She thought she was coming down with something so she had taken a couple of pain killers to get her through the gig.

When we arrived Bill was waiting outside for us, and kindly helped us unload the equipment from the car into the pub. We set up quickly and sat down for quick cigarette. Bill sat down and gestured to a woman standing at the bar to come and join us.

"This is my wife Rose, and this is Tim and his partner Julie." Said Bill as he introduced us all. 

We both stood up and said hello, and being English waited for Rose to sit down before we did. She was a very pretty woman. Big blue eyes with cascading flame red hair. She was not slim, but not too fat either, just right proportions. She had an over exposed cleavage, which looked quite pleasant to me. She also had a strong Southern Irish accent, that lilting singy type voice which is so attractive. She had the kind of smile which would light up any room that she walked in to. Rose was wearing a short black dress, which was very tight, so tight in fact I was sure she wasn't wearing anything underneath it. Her long tanned legs which seemed to go for ever were stunning. On her feet were strappy black stilettos.

Suddenly Julie jabbed me in the ribs.

"I think we should start playing, don't you?" She whispered in my ear, her voice dripping with just a touch of vitriol.

We started the gig but I was finding it very hard to concentrate. Bill was constantly rubbing his hand on Rose's legs, and at one point put his hand right up under her dress. She giggled and looked straight at me when he put his fingers to his lips and licked them.

At the end of the first set we joined them again. I was sitting next to Rose who shuffled closer to me so our thighs were touching. Every time she talked to me she placed a hand rather too high up on my leg. I soon had an erection and was aware of the bulge in the front of my trousers, so pulled the chair closer to the table, hoping no one would notice. Julie had gone to the ladies to change for the second set, thank God!

"Bill and I was just saying, why don't you two come over to ours for dinner tonight?" Said Rose. Her hand went straight to my bulge and squeezed my cock playfully.

I spluttered a reply, accepting the invitation.

"We are meeting someone soon, so can't stay for the second set. Here's our address, and we look forward to seeing you both about 7.30 ish OK with you?" Said Rose as she handed me a slip of paper with the address on it. 

"Yeah that will be fine, see you then." I said.

Her hand gave my cock another quick squeeze, and with that they both stood up and said goodbye and left.

Julie returned a few minutes later, by which time my erection had receded.

"Have they gone?" Asked Julie.

"Yep, they said they were meeting someone." I replied, wondering how I was going to tell her about the dinner invitation, and how would she feel about it.

"Well that Rose looks like a right tart." Said Julie. "And aren't you supposed to be getting changed for the next set?"

"Yeah OK, I won't be a minute." I said, and went and got changed.

We performed the second set, and then packed away and were home by 4pm. I was feeling horny as hell and suggested we go to bed for a couple of hours. I was trying to visualise Rose naked, and what it would be like to have sex with her, but of course I couldn't tell Julie that.

Julie declined my offer. She said that she was really tired, and still didn't feel all that well. Julie said she was going to lie down for a while and hopefully would feel better after some rest. When she had gone to bed, I made a coffee, lit a cigarette, and sat in the front room on the sofa, surfing through the TV channels.

It was a warm day, so I removed my trousers and shirt. My thoughts kept drifting back to Rose and I started rubbing my cock through my pants. I pulled my cock out of my pants and slowly pulled my foreskin up and then fully back. I was hard and a drop of precum glistened on the tip. 

Sod it, I thought. I went up to bed to see if Julie was awake, and hopefully feeling better, and perhaps even up for sex. But she was asleep, slightly snoring. She had thrown the cover off, and was lying on her side. I got on the bed and spooned up beside her, my stiff cock probing the small of her back. Julie mumbled something about not feeling well, and I pulled away from her and laid on my back, and looked at my cock pointing into the air fruitlessly.

I started stroking my cock and balls and realised I was going to bring myself off whilst Julie slept beside me. I didn't want her to wake up and catch me at it. It would take some explaining, and I don't think she would be happy to know what had got me so sexually aroused.

It was more difficult than I thought to wank myself off with hardly any movement. So I lay back and bought the vision of Rose into my head, and imagined her naked. With very slow movements I stroked my cock up and down. It was sexually stimulating to do this as Julie slept unawares beside me. I suppose it was the thought of getting caught which made me even more horny. Within a few minutes I could feel myself coming. I would usually speed up at this point, but I kept up the same slow rhythm. Suddenly I came, and the cum hit me in the face and mouth. I licked my lips to taste myself. I lay there for a while holding my cock as cum still leaked out.

I carefully got off the bed, and still holding my softening cock in my hand to avoid spilling cum on the carpet, I went to the bathroom to clean up. I wrapped a robe around myself and headed down stairs.

Julie came down a little later looking pale, and coughing.

"I really feel like shit, my nose is blocked, my head is thumping and I've got a sore throat." Said Julie.

I sat her down at the table, and made her a hot Lemsip. I thought that now would be a good time to tell her about the invitation from Bill and Rose, but decided not to mention it was a dinner date.

"Oh God! I'm not going anywhere feeling like this. I'm just going to curl up in front of the TV and feel sorry for myself. You go for a drink with them if you want Tim, I'm just not up to it." Said Julie.

"OK, if you are sure you will be all right. I'll go up stairs for a shower and get changed." I replied.

"Yeah, no problems." Said Julie as she went into the lounge to watch TV.

In the shower I shaved my pubic area as I always do. There was a few days growth to get rid off. I always find doing this very sensual and immediately get an erection. I would normally bring my self off in the shower, but this time I resisted the temptation. I dried myself and got changed into jeans and a T shirt.

Julie was asleep on the sofa, I decided not to wake her up and left quietly so as not to disturb her.

I drove to the address Rose had given me. I nearly missed the turning as it was a private road, but eventually found the house. It was a nice old detached farm house surrounded by fields. There was a welcoming light shining from the porch. I parked the car, and went to the front door and rang the bell.

Bill opened the door and I felt incredibly under dressed. He was wearing a dark suit, a white shirt and a red tie.

"Hi....Oh.... sorry, perhaps I..... I didn't realise I had to dress up." I stuttered.

"Hey don't worry about it." Said Bill. " We always dress up in the evening when we are entertaining."

"Go through to the lounge, Rose will fix you a drink. Er, no Julie?" Asked Bill.

"No, I'm sorry, she sends her apologies, but she's not feeling very well." I replied.

"Oh, that's OK, I hope she's better soon. I'm sure we can keep ourselves entertained." Said Bill with a chuckle as he closed the door, and then followed me into the lounge. 

The lounge was lit by large candles, the sort you would normally expect to see in a church. The furniture was mostly bold and antique. A massive black leather sofa was the only nod towards modernity. Bill gestured towards it.

"Sit yourself down. What would you like to drink?" Asked Bill.

"I'm quite fond of red wine if you have some please." I replied.

"I'll get Rose to bring you some. I won't be a minute." Said Bill as he left the room. With the sounds and smells wafting through the door, I assumed it was the kitchen.

I got up to look around a bit. I opened an antique cupboard to reveal a television. Behind another door was a stereo system. In the middle of the room was a large and very old oak table, beautifully laid out for a dinner for four. 

I felt a little guilty about turning up with out Julie. Perhaps I should have 'phoned and put it off for another night when she was feeling better. But the urge to see and be with Rose again was overwhelming. And I knew it would be difficult with Julie around, because I would get in trouble as I would constantly be staring at Rose. 

I didn't really know what to expect from tonight. I just wanted to be near this sensual and sexy woman. I sat back down again as the door leading to the kitchen opened.

"Hi Tim, glad you could make it. Sorry to hear that Julie is unwell." Said Rose.

And there she was, this vision of sensuality, this sex Goddess, walking towards me with a bottle of red wine in one hand, and a glass in the other. She was wearing a dark blue mini skirt, and a diaphanous top which even in the dim light was obviously see through. Rose was not wearing a bra, and I could clearly see her breasts and nipples. Her red hair flashed in the candlelight, and her smile was so inviting, I wanted to jump up and kiss her there and then. My cock twitched in my pants as she leaned towards me offering the wine glass, and the bottle.

The bottle was already uncorked, and as I took the glass and wine, I couldn't suppress a slight trembling of my hand.

Rose laughed. "Let me pour it for you, otherwise I think you'd possibly spill it." 

She took the bottle to the table and filled the glass to the top. 

"Bill does all the cooking, he's so very good at it. He says dinner will be ready in about thirty minutes, so he has asked me to keep you entertained until it's ready." She said as she passed me the glass.

"Thank you." I replied.

Rose went to a drinks cabinet and poured herself a vodka and tonic.

"It's a bit cold in here tonight, don't you think?" Asked Rose.

"I'm OK." I said, thinking it really was quite warm.

"I'll light the fire anyway. I think it always gives a lovely atmosphere." Said Rose.

She went over to the fire place and opened a wooden box besides the grate and placed some kindling and rolled up newspapers in the hearth. She then lit the paper in a couple of places and put some larger pieces of wood on top. As she was bending over to tend the fire I was rewarded with a superb view of her legs and ass. I couldn't quite tell if she was wearing any knickers or not. If she was they were hardly worth wearing.

The fire began to crackle and she came and sat beside me on the sofa. Rose placed her hand on my knee and using her fingers in an imitation of a spider moved towards my stiffening cock. 

"You OK?" She asked.

I just nodded, not daring to speak, I was fairly certain anything I tried to say would just come out as an unintelligible squeak.

With a deft movement she unzipped my flies, and pulled my pants aside to release my hard cock.

"God! I'm going to enjoy having fun with that tonight." She said as she started moving her hand up and down my shaft.

I sat there paralysed. I could hear Bill in the kitchen banging around with pots and pans and whistling tunelessly as he prepared the dinner, meanwhile his beautiful wife was tossing me off in his lounge.

Rose stood up, her hand never leaving my cock, and bent over to lick the precum that had already been forced out. Her mouth opened and she swallowed much more of my cock than I thought was possible. After a few moments of this she abruptly stood up, turned her back to me, pushed my legs together and sat directly on my lap and guided my engorged dick straight into her already wet cunt.

At that moment the kitchen door opened and Bill came into the room.

"Dinner will be ready in five minutes." He said.

"OK darling, it smells lovely." Replied Rose.

"Ah....I can see you are keeping our guest entertained. Won't be long now." Said Bill as he returned to the kitchen.
