 With the exception of Roger all the players were now wearing just their pants – Roger also still had his trousers on. The next hand saw the first person naked. Rosemary lost!

..........

The room went silent knowing that one of them at last was going to bare all. Martin wanted to see whether his up-to-now withdrawing wife would go through with this new persona. Angela wanted to see what Rosemary's pussy looked like – was it cool and lickable? Roger just wanted to see Rosemary naked and pictured her kneeling between his legs, because that is where she was going to be very soon.

As for Rosemary – she realised that she was now at her personal crossroads. It was she who had brought Martin and herself into this situation. Did she really want to go ahead and strip off completely, knowing that when they were all naked she would be sucking Roger's cock? She had not even seen it yet and because Roger had not as yet lost his trousers, she had no idea how big it was. Did he expect her to swallow his cum – oh my God, she only did that to Martin when she was really drunk and that was not very often! Roger had asked earlier on whether she had considered what she was getting into and she had said 'Yes' – she was not so sure now. 

All these thoughts passed through her mind as she started to put her thumbs inside the waistband of her panties. She had a split second to make up her mind – to pull her panties down or to admit that she could not go through with it.

Roger became harder as he saw Rosemary start to push her panties down. Just as they reached that line above the place where her bush should be, she stopped and looked at Angela; Angela smiled, nodded her head and blew Rosemary an air-kiss. Martin breathed a sigh of relief as his wife pushed her panties to the carpet and stepped out of them. She stood bold and upright with her hands at her sides and let everyone have a clear view of her naked body.

Those beautiful firm breasts with pointy nipples; that lovely pussy with just a hint of pubic bush trimmed so perfectly as to make it look secretive but inviting – a body screaming out for pleasuring by man and woman alike – Angela was pleased to see! The atmosphere in the room was now electric – or should one say 'sexectric'!

She was naked. Rosemary had stepped over the line and never again would she worry about removing all her clothes in public. Her next barrier to overcome was going down on Roger – could she do that – she thought she could but only time would tell.

The cards were dealt yet again, but not this time to Rosemary. Roger lost and removed his trousers revealing a very large and firm tent pole inside his boxers. One thing Rosemary immediately noticed, other than the height of the tent pole, was that there was no damp spot on the material at the end. This could only mean, as far as she was concerned, that he controlled himself exceptionally well. Just the sight of his boxers was enough to make her surreptitiously drop her hands into her lap and there let a couple of her fingers stroke her clit which was already hard and pushing its way out of its hood.

Roger then lost the next hand and, standing, he pulled his boxers down and revealed a cock, which took Rosemary's breath away and made her glad Roger was not fucking her that night. It was all of 8 inches long and was thick, thick, thick! She was going to have to prepare herself for that before the party – if they got invited. 

This just left Angela and Martin both wearing their pants. Angela looked at Martin and said, " Shall we remove each other's at the same time?" to which Martin nodded in agreement. They moved together facing each other and, taking the tops of each other's pants proceeded to pull them down.

Martin's cock, now exceptionally hard, shot out of the confines of his boxers and welcomed Angela with a quick bump on the chin.

Angela revealed a pussy, which was smooth and damp, waiting for Martin to kiss it with his cock.

"The time has come," said Roger, "for us all to move to the second part of the game, as agreed earlier in the evening. Initially Rosemary has to go down on me and then Martin has to fuck Angela. Rosemary and I will go first whilst you two watch us play. Where do you want me, Rosemary? Sitting in the middle of the sofa with my legs wide apart or lying flat on the floor with you kneeling between my legs. Either way, Angela and Martin will have a clear view of you taking my cock in your mouth and masturbating me until I cum. And so you know, I want you to swallow all my semen except for the last drop, which you will retain in your mouth and you will kiss first Angela and then deep kiss Martin with your tongue. Before we start I suggest that you let me have a towel to sit on so my juices do not stain your sofa or your carpet."

Martin disappeared and soon returned with a soft towel, which he gave to Roger.

Rosemary blanched as she heard Roger's instructions. She looked without smiling at Martin and saw him nod his head and in his eyes she saw the deepest feeling of love that she had ever seen there. She knew that he wanted her to do it because she in her heart wanted to do it. The feeling of 'I cannot do this' lifted from her like a rising cloud and she smiled at Roger.

"Sit on the sofa and open your legs wide," she said to him. 

Roger got up, placed the towel in the middle of the sofa and then sat down again. He opened his legs wide and his cock stood firm and proud awaiting Rosemary's ministrations. Standing in front of him she started to massage her breasts whilst looking deep into his eyes. She took her nipples between her fingers and pulled and tweaked them to make them as hard as she possibly could. She moved between his legs and said to Roger, "Finger fuck me!"

Roger leant forward and started to move his fingers up and down her slit, making it wetter than it was. He pushed a finger into her cunt and felt it glide in like a piston into its well-oiled casing. He pushed in and out as Rosemary closed her eyes and felt him finger fucking her. She dropped her hands to her sides and as she began to kneel, she let her hands rest on Roger's legs to take her weight. It was the first time she had touched him and she felt a moment of sexual energy pass through her body. Her knees touched down onto the carpet and there in front of her was this magnificent eight-inch rod, which she was about to engulf in her mouth. Resting below it was the sac containing his balls from which would come the juices shooting into her mouth – she just prayed that her mouth could contain all that delightful liquid refreshment; she must not waste an iota – she was determined that, with the exception of a mouthful to be passed on to Angela and Martin, the rest was going to travel home inside her that night!

Rosemary gradually lowered her mouth and lips towards that massive helmet, which glistened in the room's light – glistened naturally and not as yet from any pre cum. Opening her mouth, she let her tongue lick the top of his cock. She licked from top to bottom and from bottom to top - licking, licking, and licking yet again. She had occasionally done this to Martin, but this was somehow different. For a start it was another man, the cock was larger and tasted differently and she was feeling hornier than she had ever felt in her life before. She was ready. 

be continued...