 We were all sitting around the dinner table at a very good friend of ours, when the conversation took a very unexpected turn. My wife liz and myself (Vere) had been married for the past eleven years and we have always had a great relationship with each other. We have always enjoyed a healthily sexual relationship which has calmed down over the years. I would have loved to make love to Liz more often but with two kids and the rigors of life, sex just seemed to slip onto the back seat. Liz always had a very flat chest with a 34AA, She was always self conscious of the way she looked in a sexy outfit, to the extent that she wore fake silicon implants in her bra's. This was great for every day to day outings but when we went to the beach, she would always hide herself from view. The rest of Liz's body is stunning, she has long well defined legs that go up to a lovely pear shaped bottom. Girls half her age wish they had bodies half as good as hers. When people find out she is 37 and has two kids they do not believe her, that's how good she looks.

Over the years I had been trying to convince her to have a boob job and she always said no. That all ended one day about a year and a half ago when she decided out of the blue that she wanted to go ahead with the operation. We went to our GP and he recommended us to one of the top plastic surgeons in our area. The plastic surgeon recommended to us that she should go up from a 34AA to a 34C cup, any bigger and the new tits would look fake. His whole premise was that if she took off her top on the beach and sun bathed topless, her tits would look natural. 

Two months after the operation, when all the bruising and swelling had gone down, Liz now had two of the most stunning tits I had ever seen, her vital stats were now an impressive 34C 30 34 and she looked like one of the lingerie models that you see on Fashion TV. Her whole attitude seemed to change with her tits, she started wearing sexy tops and more revealing outfits. I was in hormone heaven. Our sex life started getting better and more frequent and she now started taking over as the instigator of our sexual games. And this is where our story carries on:

We were all sitting down to supper at one of our good friends house. There were three couples there and we had all known each other for a number of years. The two other girls there were Tania and Nicky. Tania was a tall brunette with a very thin body, she did not have much in the Tit department but what she had was always used to great effect and visual pleasure. Otherwise her body was that of a high jumper, athletic and trim. Nicky was quite different to Liz and Tania, she carried an extra few kilo's and had a nice pair of 36D's. She was shorter than the other girls but always dressed to kill. The cloths that she wore, left nothing to the imagination. She made you know that she was a sexual monster. Us chaps were all average good looking boys and got on famously with one another.

We were sitting down at the supper table with everyone evenly spaced between boy and girl around the table. We had finished supper and were sitting back relaxing our selves and enjoying the company and the wine. Our conversation covered the usual topics from sport to work and everything in between. At this point Sean at the end of the table asked about Liz's Tit job. Liz had dressed in a strappy evening dress that was quite low cut, showing off a fair amount of cleavage. The straps came so low down that her Tit was bulging out of the sides of her dress and the top of the straps just covered the nipple. With that comment the whole table went quite in order to hear the answer that was given and also the chance to openly stare at Liz's cleavage with out been out of hand.

I answered Sean's question by giving him a full explanation of what Liz had done. I took my finger and traced the curve of Liz's tit and explained what happened where. At this point Liz's nipples were starting to get aroused and started poking through the material of her dress. Tania saw this immediately and brought it to everyone's attention that her nipples were starting to show. I took my finger and traced around her nipple and then pinched it through the dress. Liz, immediately let out a whoosh of air from her mouth. I said to everyone that as you can see Liz has full feeling and her nipples are very sensitive and react to the smallest touch. Sean asked again, as he was on to a good thing, what would be the possibility of him seeing Liz's nipples and her tits. I looked at Liz and she simply smiled at me and nodded. And to everybody surprise she allowed me to take the moment further. I traced my finger up the side of her dress, up the straps and hocked my finger through the strap. I slowly pulled the strap away from her Tit and lowered the dress down. The silence at the table could be cut with a knife, everybody was sitting forward to get a good look at Liz's Tits.

I slowly pulled the material down exposing the top of her pink nipple. I stopped and looked around the table at four other pairs of eyes that were all soaking in this wonderful sight. Sean yelled at me to stop teasing them all and carry on with her exposure. I pulled further and her whole pink nipple came into view. I pulled the dress right down to her waist and left her right Tit totally exposed to everyone around the table. The cool air soon puckered her nipple up and it grew to it's full extended aroused state. Sean was the first one to comment when he said "WOW", and her Tit was one of the best Tits that he had ever seen. I lent forward and blew cool air from my mouth directly onto her nipple and then carried down and took the nipple in my mouth and sucked it for a few seconds. Everybody around the table shouted for joy and clapped Liz's brave stance. I sat back and watched everybody take in the fantastic sight of Liz's tit fully exposed at the dinner table.

Tania, then asked if Liz's tits were the same size, I simply answered by leaning forward again and took the other strap and lowered it down off Liz's other Tit. Liz was now sitting totally topless at the dinner table, because I had pulled the dress right down to her waist.

Tania leaned forward to compare the two tits and then quite unexpectedly took both of them into her hands. She lifted and felt the weight of the Tits and then started flicking the nipples on both Tits. Tania was still flicking Liz's nipples when she turned to Sean and told him to come over and have a feel as well. Sean looked at me and I just smiled. With that he stood up and came around the table to knee in front of Liz's exposed chest. Tania removed her hands and took hold of Sean's hands and moved them up to Liz's Tits. Sean's hands now covered Liz's Tits completely. He rubbed them and pushed and squeezed them. He took her nipple between his two fingers and rolled the nipple. Liz was making little purring sounds all the time and we all could see that she was loving all the attention that she was getting. Sean lent forward and took one of her nipples in his mouth and kissed them, then he drew them fully into his mouth and sucked hard on them. Well at this point I had a massive hard on and the other boys were also in the same position as me. Sean moved from one nipple to the other, sucking and kissing them, Tania turned around to Sean and asked what it was like to suck a girl's nipple; he simply lent back and told her to try. Tania grabbed Liz's tits again and sucked them straight into her mouth. She sucked the one nipple and squeezed the other. She also moved from one nipple to the other, giving both nipples even attention. Nicky and John were not to be left out, they also came around the table and started feeling and playing with Liz's tits. I sat back and watched four other people fondling my wife's tits, Wow, what a sight! Nicky felt and sucked her tits as well, John was sucking one nipple while Nicky sucked the other. 

We all returned to our seats and took in the situation that had just happened to us. Liz was still sitting at the table with both of her Tits exposed. She let out a soft whistle and said that that was one of the hottest moments of her life and she was so wet she might slip off the seat. We all laughed at this comment, and that is when Liz turned to Nicky and told her that she always believed that Nicky had the best tits she had ever seen and as she had allowed everyone to see, feel and suck her tits she expected the same from the other two girls. The boys went mad, we cheered and urged the other two on to take up the challenge. Tania wipped her top off followed shortly thereafter by Nicky. Tania was not wearing a Bra and her small 34A's were exposed right away. Nicky had on a black half cup bra, that left the nipples exposed but supported the weight of her tits. She asked me to undo the clasp of her bra and take it off her. 

I went around the table and found out that the clasp was in the front and I would have my hands centimetres from her tits. I knelt down in front of her and ran my hands down her shoulders over her exposed nipples to the clasp. While holding the two sides of the bra I leaned forward and kissed her nipples. They grew to about twice there original size. The bra came off while I was still sucking Nicky's nipples to the roar of the rest of the table. I sat back and turned to Liz and said that seeing that this was her request to see and feel Nicky's tits she better come around and for fill her request. Liz stood up leaving her dress still bunched around her waist and came around the table to Nicky. Nicky stood and allowed Liz full access to her tits, Liz lifted her hands up and slowly cupped Nicky's tits, feeling their weight and fullness. She gently rolled Nicky's nipples between her fingers then bent down and took them into her mouth. She kissed them slowly, running her tongue around the nipple and then sucking them into her mouth for a harder suck.

Liz lifted her head and mouth away from Nicky's nipples and stood up facing Nicky directly. She slid her hand around the back of Nicky head and pulled Nicky's mouth to hers. Liz did not kiss her, she almost swallowed her. We could see the two girl's tongues attacking one another as they kissed.

Two topless girls kissing each other is a sight that will be edged in my memory for the rest of my life. 

Liz sat back down and took a large sip of her wine. Here we were all sitting back in our correct seats and all the girls were topless. There was tits and nipples wherever you looked. What a sight. Tania turned to me and said that as all the girls were topless it was only correct if the boys showed the girls their cocks. With out waiting for an answer, Tania came around the table and stood in front of me and told me to stand. I stood and put my hands on my head, giving her full access to whatever she wanted to do. She pulled my shirt over my head and then got down on her knees and undid my belt. Tania could feel my hard cock through my pants and she put her mouth over the outline of my cock through my pants. She undid my pants and pulled them down leaving me in my boxers, She grabbed my cock and wanked it up and down a few times through my boxers. She then slowly pulled the shorts off me exposing my seven inches of smooth shaven cock and balls to everyone. Tania was quite supprised that I had shaved my cock and balls, and I told her that I like the look of a smooth cock and it also heightens the sensations when I wank or fuck. She opened her mouth and placed a gentle kiss on the head of my cock, then running her tongue around my shaft she leaned back and asked Liz if she could suck my cock. Liz just laughed as that was what she was already doing. Liz said "Go for it". Tania opened her mouth and encircled my cock head totally with her mouth, she slowly bobbed her head up and down working more and more of my cock into her mouth. She had placed her other hand under my cock and around my balls. Liz asked how much cock she could swallow with out gagging, Tania said she would show us. 

With that she sucked down hard on my cock and went down about two thirds of the way down my cock. Everyone cheered her and her effort. With that Liz sprang up and knelt also in front of me, she told Tania that it was her turn to show how much cock she could swallow. Liz took my cock out of Tania's hands and blew some warm air onto the cock head, my cock twitched and everyone laughed. Liz then placed her lips over my cock and in slow movements worked her way up and down my cock. She managed to swallow more than Tania and got about 80% down the shaft. Liz lifted her head and raised her hands in triumph, we all clapped her achievement in beating Tania effort. Before the noise died down, Nicky was kneeling in front of me. Everyone kept quite and watched her as she took my cock into her mouth. She went down and down with out stopping. She swallowed my whole cock right down to the base. With her mouth pressed against my tummy she started a slow rocking motion with her head and I could feel my cock halfway down her throat. What a feeling, it felt as if I was inside her cunt, hot wet and tight. Nicky released the downward pressure on my cock and slid her mouth off my cock. Everyone roared with approval. 

Nicky said that she had loved the new sensation of sucking a fully shaved cock and she now new what I had meant. I told her that it goes both ways and that Liz also shaves her cunt and when we fuck the sensations are unbelievable. 

Nicky said that she wanted to see Liz's naked cunt next to my naked cock. 

I turned to Liz and asked her to stand up. She still had her evening dress around her waist. I moved my hands to her waist and gently gripped both sided of the dress. I lowered the black evening dress over her stunning pear shaped ass and down her legs to the floor. There liz stood in a black satin g-string and nothing else. The black g-string was very high cut, making a deep V between her legs. I ran my hand over the satin of her panties and cupped her cunt through her g-string. She was so wet that I turned around and told everyone that her cunt was sopping wet, Tania shouted back saying hers was too.

I gently pulled the g-string down, over her hips and to the floor. Her smooth bald cunt was now exposed to everyone at the table. Sean lent forward and had a good close look at her shaved cunt, I turned around and saw that everyone was doing the same. I traced my finger over the outer lips of her labia and got very wet fingers, I applied more pressure to her cunt and parted her lips. Her clit was now visible and we could all see how turned on she was. Her clit was standing erect almost half a centimetre proud of her cunt lips. I slid my fingers back and pushed two fingers deep into her cunt. Liz started rocking back and forward on my fingers.

There I was with two fingers buried deep in my wife's cunt, her tits bouncing back and fourth with her rocking motion and me with a massive hard on and a pair of shoes. What a moment to cherish for the rest of my life.

It got even better, Nicky said that she wanted to see me fucking her, she wanted to see my naked cock slide in and out of Liz naked cunt. With out even thinking or removing my fingers from Liz's cunt, I scooped her up and told the rest of the people to clear the table. This was done in a few seconds and then I laid her down on her back on the table with her legs spread wide. Everybody was now standing around the table looking down at Liz spread out totally naked except for a pair of shoes and thigh high stockings.

I moved between her legs and knelt down to her cunt. I brought my mouth directly onto her shaved cunt and sucked in her aroused aroma. My tongue snaked our and licked up and down her cunt before burring itself deep inside her cunt. I worked her clit back and forth until she screamed with delight and demanded that I stop fucking around with my tongue and to sick my hard cock deep into her cunt. What an offer. I stood up and rubbed my cock head up and down between her lips. Then taking a slightly different angle slipped my rock hard cock deep into her cunt. Once I was fully inside her I stopped all movement and looked around me, The rest of the boys and girls has removed what was left of there clothing and they all stood around us totally naked. 

Nicky moved behind me and ran her hands around my waist to my cock and onto Liz naked cunt. Putting her finger directly onto Liz's clit she started rocking my body back and forth starting the fucking motion again. Nicky's other hand massaged my balls while I fucked Liz and Nicky played with Liz clit.

Sean shouted out that he wanted to fuck Liz right now and asked if he could take over my place. All I did was slide my cock out of Liz's sopping cunt and take a step to the side. In a flash Sean was between Liz's legs with his cock in his hand. He guided his cock to the entrance of Liz's cunt and pushed right in. He fucked her in short quick strokes. Liz was moaning and rocking her head from side to side when John walked up next to her head and put his cock in her face. Liz's eyes popped open and she saw John's cock just next to her head. She grabbed John's cock and pulled him over to her waiting mouth. Liz started sucking John's cock as Sean was fucking her cunt. Tania had now bent over Liz's tits, and was sucking one and holding the other.

I was standing back watching this whole orgy grow with Nicky still standing behind me with her hands gently wanking my cock from behind. I could feel Nicky's tits pressed firmly into my back and they felt fantastic. I slid my hands back and grabbed her ass. I squeezed and rubbed that ass all the time while Nicky was wanking my cock.

I turned to Nicky and said that I now wanted to fuck her and join the orgy on the dinning room table. I took Nicky and lifted her up onto the table. I laid her out on her back and pushed her up so that her head was now under Tania's open legs. Nicky immediately got the idea and lifted her head up to Tania's cunt. Tania was busy sucking Liz's tits when all of a sudden someone was sucking and licking her cunt. She looked back and saw Nicky with her tongue buried deep within her cunt. Tania lowered her body some more so that Nicky could get deeper into her cunt. 

I stood back and marvelled at the masterpiece that I had created, but I did not wait long as Nicky moved her head off Tania's cunt and told me to put my cock deep into her cunt and to fuck her hard and fast. I took my cock and rubbed it up and down Nicky's cunt, making my shaft very wet. I then thrust deep into Nicky's cunt in one thrust. Nicky screamed with pleasure! I grabbed Nicky's legs giving myself a good anchor and drove my cock in and out of her cunt like it was the last one left on earth.

Everyone was moaning and screaming and the sounds of our orgy must have lifted the roof off the room. I looked down at Nicky's cunt and saw for the first time that she had also shaved her cunt lips but had left a neatly trimmed landing path above her cunt lips. Her cunt gripped me in a death like vice as I fucked her, she was using her cunt mussels to milk my cock as I was fucking her. What a feeling.    

Sean was reaching his climax and shouted to Liz that he wanted to come inside her, she clenched her legs around his back and told him to come deep inside her, She wanted to feel him spurting his seed deep inside her. John also announced that he was about to come as well, Liz sucked his cock harder and bobbed her head back and forth faster up and down his cock. Sean yelled as he started to come, his whole body went stiff and he shot his come inside Liz. At the same moment John started coming and shot a huge wad of cum deep into Liz's mouth, She tried to swallow it all but some dribbled out the side of her mouth, John's second cum shot hit her squarely between the eyes. Tania had now lifted her head from Liz's nipples and was watching John shoot his load into Liz's mouth, the cum that had dripped from Liz's mouth and John's second cum shot was now falling near Tania, Tania stuck out her tongue and started licking John's left over cum.
