 Martin pulled out of her and immediately his mouth sunk to her pussy. He had never done this before – he was sucking her pussy, he was cleaning her pussy, he was lapping pussy's cream!

Rosemary and Martin sat in their favourite armchairs in the lounge. Both of them, to put it mildly, were knackered. It was many a long day since they had shagged each other to the extent they had fucked that afternoon. After Martin had finished sucking his own cum from Rosemary's pussy, they had both gone to the shower and there had washed each other down and then dried each other. Both were so exhausted that they had not even attempted to rouse each other again.

They had donned their bathrobes and now sat resting in the lounge. Martin looked across at his wife.

"Have you thought through the possible feelings you may have if we become involved in swinging?" he asked. "What will your thoughts be the first time you see me screwing another woman, or sucking her pussy or being sucked off by a young girl?"

" I have thought about this and I am convinced that our love is sufficiently strong not to let such activities get in the way of our marriage. We have not gone astray up till now and I honestly do not foresee either of us getting dragged into a relationship, which will affect our future lives. I want to see that brilliant cock of yours plunge deep into another pussy. I want to feel another cock other than yours releasing hot creamy cum into my very being. I want to be fucked by more than one man. I want to undress and fuck a woman!"

Martin looked at his wife and saw a new woman, one who really did wish to test the extremes of their sexuality and he was pleased.

"How do we start down this new road?" he asked.

"I have no idea," said Rosemary, "but I am convinced that you will find the path which we should take and once having found it, then I will be following very closely in your footsteps."

"Well, I will make a few discreet enquiries and let you know how I get on."

-------

The next time Martin was at the gym, he invited Roger for a drink after their work out.

" I have a question for you," he said to Roger.

"Go ahead and ask."

"Do you know of any places in the locality where they have swingers' parties?" asked Martin.

The look on Roger's face had to be seen to be believed. In fact he almost spilt the beer he had just that moment picked up.

" Did I hear you correctly – you want to know where there are swingers' parties? You are having me on aren't you! What the hell would Rosemary say if she knew that you were asking such questions?"

" It's Rosemary who wants to know and who has asked me to find out."

This time the beer did go everywhere!!! 

"What in the name of all that is holy has turned that sweet retiring angel into a possible sex vamp?" asked Roger.

" I am really not quite sure but she was reading the paper on Sunday, she suddenly started to talk about swinging and before I knew it I was being raped! It was absolutely bloody marvellous – I have not cum as strong or as long as that for a long time," replied Martin.

"Well I am pleased to say that you have picked on the right person to ask. You see both Andrea and I are swingers and have been for several years now and if you have no compunctions about friends showing you the ropes, we would be pleased to lead you both along the shining road."

Now it was Martin's turn to almost spill his beer.

" I certainly have no worries," said Martin, "but I think I had better sound Rosemary out before making any firm commitments. How long have you both been on the scene and to what extent do you get involved?"

"Rather than telling just you, and you passing it second hand to Rosemary, why don't both Angela and I come round to your house later this evening and talk to you both about what you would be getting into."

" I cannot see any reason why you shouldn't," said Martin. " If when I get home Rosemary raises any objection I will give you a bell. Is that OK?"

"Perfectly," said Roger. "I look forward to seeing you both later."

...........................

"Have you found any information?"

Not, have you had a good day? Have you had a promotion? Are you tired from a long day's work? No! Have you found any information? Martin's wife apparently was really keen to get started with this swinging lark and that came first to her!

"Yes, my Dear, and you are going to be gobsmacked when I tell you where I got the information – in fact I have my doubts as to whether you will believe me?" Martin said.

"Try me!"

" You know Roger and Angela?"

" Yeeeesss?"

"They will be knocking on our front door at about 9 o'clock to tell us all about the swingers' life!"

"You are kidding me – aren't you?"

" I told you that you would not believe me. Come on – we have not got long and I am hungry. Let's have dinner and then get ready to receive our guests."

........................

At precisely 9.00pm the doorbell rang and Martin opened the door to greet Angela and Roger.

Angela is charming. She is about 5 and a half foot tall, with dark shoulder length hair, green eyes, a well maintained figure and the look of someone who could easily shag you witless. Her husband, Roger, is just a few inches taller, also dark haired with a few grey flecks, a very small paunch which he controlled by going to the gym and also very charming. He presented Martin with two bottles of wine – one red and one white – and declared that they were to be drunk before the end of the evening – if necessary he would get a taxi to take Angela and himself home.

Roger introduced Angela to Rosemary and Martin – neither of them had met her before. Martin's immediate reaction was to picture her naked in bed with him – if this was an example of the women who participated then he wanted in! He looked across at Rosemary and noted that she was eyeing Roger from top to bottom with a particular interest on the juncture of his legs with his body.

Martin invited their visitors to sit down and whilst Rosemary started a conversation with Roger and Angela, he went into the kitchen to open the wine and pour it into glasses.

When he got back to the lounge the conversation was in full flow with both the ladies sitting side by side on the sofa and Roger in one of the easy chairs

" I understand," said Roger, looking at Rosemary, " that you are interested in participating in the swinging scene. Knowing how long you two have been married, I assume that you have discussed the ramifications of this fully and that you both are so committed to each other, that the thought and fact of fucking other people has no disturbing features as far as you both are concerned. Have you really given it the thought to know that when Martin's cock is buried deep in some woman's cunt or mouth, you are not going to have a fit of the vapours and run screaming from the room! Or you, Martin – when you see a man sucking Rosemary's clit or giving her one doggy style, you are not going to lay one on him and create a state of war!"

Roger sat silently for a moment looking at Rosemary and Martin.

" Have you ever played strip poker with a group of friends?" Roger asked.

Martin nodded and said, " It was many years ago, when I was only 17. I finished up in just my boxers and it was the first time I saw a naked girl, but I have not played since then."

What about you, Rosemary?" asked Roger.

" The first time was when I was 16 and was at a teens party. I was down to my bra and panties when one of the other girls chickened out and refused to remove her bra, so the game finished.

The second time we played Spin the Bottle; there were only four of us and I finished up wearing just my pants. One of the lads lost everything.

The third time was when I was 18. There were 8 of us and I was one of two girls who ended up naked; I then had to let one of the young men suck my nipples whilst the other girl had to give her boyfriend a hand job for a couple of minutes. That was a real cool evening," said Rosemary.

"Well," said Roger " I want you both to show me that you really are committed to the thought of swinging, and if I see that you are, then you will be invited to your first swinging party on Saturday night, if you are free and if you want to come. If you do come, there will five couples in total at our house, a variety of ages from mid twenties to mid fifties, and, with the exception of yourselves, all experienced in swinging. What do you say?"

Martin looked across at Rosemary and saw her smile. He looked at Roger and said, " What do you want us to do?"

" We will play strip poker until we are all naked. Then the first one of you to become naked will go down on either Angela or myself as is relevant, and the second one naked will have sex with one or the other of us. Do you agree to the rules?" asked Roger.

A look of excitement appeared in Rosemary's eyes and she nodded her head excitedly.

"I agree," Martin said

"Do you have a pack of cards?" asked Roger. Moments later the game began.

To be continued...