 Rosemary and Martin lived in a secluded part of town. They had worked hard over the years to be able to afford a house such as they currently had and now in their mid forties they both were able to relax a little and enjoy life as it came.

Martin was 5ft 8inches in height and managed to control a gradually expanding waistline by going to the gym several times a week. He was an IT Manager for a local production company and aimed to get home on time most nights of the week.

Rosemary, at 5ft 6inches, had a slim body with neatly formed, firm breasts and a very pleasant disposition. She worked in an accounts department at a local Supermarket and managed to get home about an hour before her husband each day, in order to cook his meal and generally make the house tidy.

They had been married some twenty years and life had settled into somewhat of a routine, especially in the bedroom where excitement had been replaced by contented boredom. That is until just recently when, one Sunday afternoon, Rosemary had rather surprisingly expressed to her husband that she thought the time had come for them to expose themselves to some form of sexual excitement. They were sitting in the lounge at the time and Martin's expression was one to be seen – sheer unadulterated amazement!

"Excuse me!" he said, "Did I really just hear what you said?"

Rosemary looked out from behind her copy of the "Mail on Sunday", nodded her head and then disappeared back behind her paper again.

The normal Sunday afternoon post – luncheon silence sank on them both.

Five minutes later Martin got up from his chair, walked across to Rosemary, gently removed the newspaper from her hands, walked back to his armchair and sat down.

"Shall we talk? he said. "Did I hear you correctly just now when you said that we should expose ourselves, as you so quaintly put it, to some form of sexual excitement?"

Rosemary coloured up. 

"Well I have just been reading in the paper about the increasing number of couples who are getting involved in swinging and wife swapping, and it suddenly struck me that life is passing by rather rapidly and I just wondered what your reaction would be if I blurted that out!"

"Are you telling me, my darling wife, that you would be prepared to let a strange man undress you in front of others, lay you on the floor here in our lounge and fuck you?"

"Put that way, the answer is 'yes'," Rosemary said.

Martin could hardly believe what he was hearing. He had often fantasised about such things but had never in his wildest imagination ever thought that his dear wife would succumb to such thoughts. Still waters definitely do run deep these days!

"If I were to go along with the idea of us 'swinging', how would we go about getting started?" Martin asked.

"I have absolutely no idea," his beautiful wife replied, " but I will tell you this, just talking about it has made me feel more horny for you than I have felt for a long, long time. In fact, if you were to come over here, take me by the hand and lead me to the bedroom, you could spend the next hour shagging me absolutely silly!"

Martin needed no second bidding – walking across to his wife, he took her by the hand and led her up the stairs to their bedroom. It was a long time since they had made love during the day and in daylight.

The bedroom had a feminine touch to it but Martin did not worry about that. After all it was where he slept and (very occasionally these days!) shagged, so what it looked like did not matter to him. The bed was king size allowing plenty of room for sexual gymnastics when required but in the main allowing plenty of room to get a good night's sleep.

Martin took Rosemary in his arms and kissed her – it was funny how their lips touched briefly, fell apart, came together again and stayed together more firmly the second time as if Superglue were starting to bond.

His hands wandered up and down the soft material at the back of her dress. He could feel her bra straps through the material and his cock re-acted accordingly. He knew what he wanted – he wanted her naked on the bed, her legs spread wide, her cunt juicy and slippery and his growing cock pushing deeper and deeper into her body. How long was it since he had felt like this – and all because she had asked him a question.

Rosemary stepped back from him. Her arms crossed her body as her dress rose above her head and puddled on the floor. He watched with lascivious eyes as she pulled her bra straps from her shoulder and pushed her bra over her luscious breasts, allowing it to come to rest around her waist.

Kneeling, she reached out and undid his trousers, watched then drop to the carpet and then pushed his boxers to the floor.

His cock was rock hard. She had not seen it so close for many a month now. Almost touching her lips. Her tongue reached out and kissed the tip from which a little pre-cum seeped. She tasted it. She wanted more.

She reached out and took it in her hand and began to rub it so that the foreskin covered and uncovered the mauve looking helmet. Slowly at first but gradually gathering speed, feeling the girth of the cock slowly grow in her hand; squeezing her husband's balls gently with her other hand, feeling the skin tighten over the bollocks, knowing from experience that he was manufacturing warm slippery juices inside that sac. She wanted to feel those juices hit her face and breasts – she did not have long to wait. His pee hole opened and out shot the warm gluey milky mixture she so loved – it hit her square on the centre of her face and went on hitting the same place time and time again. The thick liquid rolled down her face, over her lips and chin, down her throat and onto her breasts reaching her nipples and dropping off each tip into her waiting hands. When they had stopped dripping, she raised the palms of her hands to her mouth and sucked each palm clean.

Martin watched the whole procedure with lustful eyes – it was a long time since they had been through this procedure! My God it was so sexy – no not sexy, sexual! So sexual that his cock had not even grown soft having disposed of all that seed! He was ready to go again. Kneeling down, he pushed his wife back onto the carpet and moved between her widely spread legs where her cunt was spread open for his entrance - a cunt, which was wet, juicy and gaping ready for his rampant cock.

Rosemary looked into her husband's eyes, and then let her gaze sink to where his solid cock was hovering over her quivering, juicy pussy. She saw the helmet touch her outer lips and she pushed her love canal onto it. She saw it disappear inside her accepting body. She felt it begin to fill her cunt – she closed her eyes in ecstasy – this is what she had wanted for so many weeks. Martin began to set up a rhythm with his cock sinking ever deeper into her juicy cunt. Rosemary could feel her orgasm start to build – it was so many weeks now since she had screamed with pleasure. She raised her legs and locked them scissor fashion around Martin's waist to ensure that he did not attempt to withdraw when he came. She wanted every last hot creamy ounce of cum in her womb.

She was filled with his meat, into the very depths of her being. She was being screwed like she had not been screwed for many a long month. She missed being screwed. 

Her orgasm was building like a forest fire – burning inside her love canal, spreading to all parts of her body. She wanted her husband's cum inside her. She forced his cock deep inside her with each push of his body. She was full. She came. Her screams resounded throughout the house – in every corner, in every room – she made it known that she had cum. As she came so Martin's balls erupted and she felt his hot creamy cum drown her womb, filling every corner of her love canal, coating her inner self with his love juices.

My God, if just the mention of swinging was doing this for both of them, then she wanted to be involved. She wanted to swing high.

Martin pulled out of her and immediately his mouth sunk to her pussy. He had never done this before – he was sucking her pussy, he was cleaning her pussy, he was lapping pussy's cream!

To be continued.