 This story continues directly from Ch 02 so if you're reading this and feel like it's missing a back story...you're right! 

My thanks to Gary for editing this for me. Again his suggestions and direction have been of great benefit to the story.

*****

Barb took Maxine's hand and the two women walked through to the adjoining lounge room. Maxine felt wonderful, her body still buzzing from the extraordinary climax Barb had given her with the vibrator. She could feel her swollen pussy lips rubbing on the tops of her thighs as she swayed her hips seductively in the heels Barb had loaned her. 

Tony and John were seated on the sofa drinking whiskey, both looking horny and anxious. John leapt to his feet as the two women appeared from the master suite. 

"Max! Fuck you look amazing." He uttered.

Maxine went to him and she folded into his arms. John kissed her neck, inhaling her aroma.

"You smell of pussy baby. Mmm, so good." 

John ground his hips against Maxine's, his hands tracing the slim lines of her back before grabbing her tight ass. He lifted her, spreading her thighs and she clung to him, her legs around his waist as they kissed. John's tongue thrust into her mouth tasting her. He growled.

"Fuck! Max...you taste like pussy! Max? Did you...?"

Max smiled broadly at John's disbelief and nodded. 

Maxine gazed at her husband with half closed eyes. "It was so beautiful."

John buried his face under her chin kissing and licking her neck and chest, grinding her pussy onto his waist. Maxine was giggling and holding him tight. She looked over at Barb straddling Tony on the couch; her legs spread as he fingered her pussy. 

"Tell me Barb. Did you and Maxi fool around baby? Hmmm? Did Maxi lick your pussy...Barb? Your clit is so big, did she suck on your big clit Barb!" Tony growled. 

Tony was swirling his fingers inside Barb, her hands were behind her on his knees flexing her hips forward to push his finger deeper inside her. Barb groaned, her lacy dress was bunched at her waist exposing her beautiful ass.

"Oh yeah Tony, come on baby, harder baby. Yes, yes...ahh...ahhhoh God."

Barb flung herself forward and clung to Tony's neck smothering him in her fleshy tits, humping his fingers up and down.

"Oh Tony it was good. Maxi fucked me with my...dildo. She was so good. I...came...so...ah...hard!"

Maxine felt John stiffen as Barb confessed their lovemaking session. She looked down at him, terrified for a moment that he'd be jealous, that he'd think she had betrayed their marriage. One look at his dark passion filled eyes changed her mind.

"Oh God Max." John groaned. "You fucked Barb? Did you? God I would've loved to have seen that baby." 

John lowered Max to her feet and led her to the sofa. He gently pushed her to her knees, her naked ass in the air. Maxine gazed at Barb and Tony and they smiled lovingly at her. She leaned over and kissed Barb, their tongues flicking over each other. She then kissed Tony slowly and passionately, enjoying the sweet whiskey taste of his mouth. He was soft and tender, his tongue tasting Barb's pussy on her lips. 

John stroked her back and ass cheeks, running his hands down her thighs to her stockings. 

"Baby, spread yourself for me." He demanded softly. 

Maxine did as she was told. John knelt behind her and slid his tongue between her swollen thick wet lips, sliding his tongue up and down her slit, to her asshole like Tony had done weeks before. Maxine closed her eyes and whimpered as he lubricated her entire sex. 

John's hands were gripping her ass cheeks, spreading Max's soft globes, plunging his tongue in and out of her. She heard him swear under his breath and felt him stand. She looked over her shoulder and watched as he shucked off his clothes. 

"Fuck Max you look so good." He groaned.

He stroked her cunt lips apart with his cock head and Max rocked her hips back onto him. Without any tenderness he thrust his rigid length into her dripping cavern. Maxine grunted at the unexpected force from her usually loving and gentle husband. She could feel her outer lips spreading around the tight hot girth of him, his length stretching her tight pussy walls. 

"Max...you're...so wet." John murmured huskily.

He gripped her ass cheeks, spreading them again, his thumbs pressing on both sides of her sensitive puckered hole, not entering her, just rimming her gently as he thrust into her, long and slow.

"You like this baby? Don't you? Me playing with your ass?"

"Yes John, I love it. I love it honey." She said breathlessly.

Tony manoeuvred Barb onto her knees too and both men were fucking their wives slowly, side by side. Barb held Maxine's hand in her own as their husbands filled them with their swollen dicks. Maxine's breasts were swinging under her and she longed to have them pulled and pinched. She wished she had the vibrator so she could press it onto her aching clit.

"Tony, swap?" Asked John hoarsely. 

Maxine was surprised. 

Barb grinned. "Ooh yeah John. You want to put your hot cock in my pussy don't you? Maxi fucked me good and hard with my dildo baby, are you gonna make me cum too?" She taunted.

John groaned and pulled his wet dick from Maxine and she watched as Tony slipped from Barb. The men swapped places and Maxine felt her pussy twitch and clench in anticipation. John slid his cock into Barb and massaged her fleshy ass cheeks, grinding himself into her dripping snatch, thrusting and grinding as Barb encouraged him.

Tony lay over Maxine's back, his dick wet with Barb's creamy pussy juices, brushing up against her frustrated clit. Tony reached for her soft nipples, rubbing them back and forth, kneading her dangling tits. Maxine growled as he found the nubs with his finger and thumb, squeezing her tender buds, pulling them out and twisting them. 

"Oh Maxi baby, you look so hot. I love you in stockings." Tony was whispering in Maxine's ear. His warm breath sending tingles down her neck to her firm tits. Tony pinched the ends of both nipples gasping with her, enjoying her ecstasy too, his cock springing up to bounce off her hairy mons. 

"The photos you sent got me so hard Max. I wanted to slide my cock into you as soon as I got here. Waiting has been agony." 

Maxine clasped Barb's hand tighter and arched her back as the pain in her nipples shot through her belly to the depths of her pussy. She was breathless, panting as her pussy oozed warm juice over her fleshy labia, dribbling over her clit. 

John groaned is agreement. "It was...so fucking...hot...I wanted to fuck you...both. Ah God Barb, that's it, yeah baby!" John's cock battered Barb's juicy sloppy pussy as pushed back onto him. 

"Come on John, fuck my pussy baby. Fill me with your creamy cum. Fuck me, that's it. Ooh yeah. John? Stick your finger in my ass baby."

Maxine watched as John wet his finger and slid it between Barb's fabulously soft ass cheeks. Barb closed her eyes as he pushed his index finger deep inside her, her mouth opening in a sigh of pleasure.

"Oh fuck John, yes! That's it ooh yeah...yeah...can you feel your cock inside me baby? Hmmm, I can feel your big cock baby. You're so hard." Barb was fucking John with as much force as he was fucking her. She was rolling her ass in circles as John's finger probed her deeply. 

John was beyond hearing her, he was focussed on plunging his dick into her and twisting his finger in her ass, his eyes glazed. Maxine, panting as Tony crushed her nipples, could see he was going to cum and wished he'd cum in her first. 

Tony kissed Max's back and let her nipples go, her breasts dropping to hang under her. Gone was the man who gently took her a few weeks ago, conscious of her insecurities and naiveté. He held his engorged cock, rubbed it briefly up and down her slit, spreading her wetness over them both and then thrust deep, his groin pressed up against her splayed pussy lips. The hair on his thighs brushing against her, the head of his cock pressing against the top of her tight cavern. He pulled back, grunting, "yeah fucking hot" as her wetness drenched them both and slid back into her.

Maxine grunted as his length filled her completely. He grabbed her hip with one hand, his fingers digging into the soft flesh and grabbed her neck with his other hand pulling her back and forth onto his rigid tool. She was trapped as he thrust into her, over and over. Tony was unrelenting in his assault on her pussy. Maxine was overwhelmed and she moaned as Tony took her. As she felt her climax build Maxine, longed for her vibrator on her clit. Why hadn't she thought to bring it out with her? 

Maxine cried out as her belly clenched and her thighs trembled. She felt her ass tighten and the walls of her pussy heated and gushed, grasped at Tony's cock and then seemingly exploded. Wetness erupted from her and she panted deeply, moaning and calling out Tony's name as she came. 

"Tony, Tony, ah God Tony...fuck I'm cumming...oh god...oh god!"

Tony didn't slow or wait for her to finish climaxing, he just kept pounding her, her pussy giving little resistance to his raging dick. Maxine heard John cry out and glanced over at her husband. Barb had turned around to face him. 

"Cum on me John!" She cried excitedly, her eyes closed, her mouth open.

John was panting as he furiously jerked off into her face. His knees were buckling as he spurted onto her cheek, chin and finally her tongue. Barb leaned in and took his still firm dripping cock into her hot mouth and sucked him as he ground himself into her beautiful face. 

Maxine felt her pussy quivering with another climax. She'd not felt so good. 

"Oh God, Tony...I'm cumming...ah...I'm cumming again." She cried out, pressing her ass back against his hips.

Barb reached out and took Maxine's nipple and rolled it around in her fingers, tugging and twisting it. 

"Oooh Maxi baby, your titties look so good. Mm." Barb murmured.

Maxine was sobbing now. "Oh Barb, yes, yes, oooh yes, harder Barb please, harder!"

Tony cried out. "Oh fuck yes!" His hips pressed up against Maxine's lovely round ass, his cock splashing cum deep inside her. 

He squeezed the back of her neck, pulling her head so her back arched, her tits pushed into Barb's busy hands. Tony shuddered and groaned as his cock continued to fill Maxine's deep canal. Some was leaking out of her and she could feel it, warm and wet, oozing onto her outer lips.

He slid his softened cock from her silky pussy helping her to turn around as she collapsed next to Barb on the couch her ass hanging over the edge.

"Baby are you ok? You look shattered!" Barb was caressing her arms and breasts, softly brushing her fingertips over Maxine's nipples. 

Max smiled up at her darling friend. "I'm blissfully, thoroughly fucked darling."

Barb laughed and pinched Max's nipple playfully. Tony was on the other side of Maxine, stroking her silk stockings, slipping his fingers under the tight lace tops that held them up. Maxine started to kick off Barb's heels.

"No, no, keep them on!" John called out. "I love them. They look so hot."

Maxine shrugged. Barb leaned over and whispered in her ear. "Baby do you want me to lick Tony's cum out of you or wait until John cums in you as well?"

Maxine shivered at the thought of Barb's long sweet tongue sliding around her pussy, licking her clean. She turned to her friend and kissed her long and deep. She felt Tony's fingers on her nipples, gently rubbing them. She moaned quietly into Barb's mouth, both her friends, whom she loved, loved her back. 

She broke off her kiss as she felt someone push her knees apart. It was John he was looking hungrily at her messy pussy. 

"Max I want to cum in you baby. I want to fuck your pussy while it's filled with Tony's cum."

Maxine blushed. It felt like he'd read her mind. He lifted her knees and pushed them back so her ass and pussy were now open and exposed. Tony took one knee and Barb the other, spreading her wide.

"Oh fuck Max. Your pussy looks so good!" John groaned. 

Max was surprised to see his cock hard again so soon. He knelt down before her and swirled his finger in her entrance. She sighed as he rimmed her pussy hole. He scooped up some of the combined juices and spread it on her ass hole. Maxine felt heat surge around her body. 

"That feels so good John. I love it." Maxine panted.

"Mm, John, lick her hole. Lick her ass. Lick up Tony's cum, go on." Urged Barb.

John was flushed with excitement or nervousness, Maxine couldn't tell but he only hesitated a second before tonguing her asshole. And he did a fantastic job. He flattened his tongue and licked her from back to front and then back again, swirling the tip of his tongue around her ridged pleasure point. Maxine flexed her hips to meet his clever mouth, sighing and encouraging him, "yes John, god yes, that's it...oh it's so good."

Barb stroked the Maxine's thighs and ass. "John, put your cock in Maxi. Fuck her baby."

John groaned and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand, looking up at Maxine through her splayed legs. 

"You taste so good."

She smiled at him. "Fuck me."

He took his erect cock and pressed the head into Maxine's succulent pussy. They both grunted as he slid into her warm depths. 

"Oh yes John, yes, you feel so fucking big. Oh God." Cried Maxine.

Barb was playing with Maxine's breast, smoothing her fingers around and around the full soft orb, plucking at her sensitive nipple. 

Maxine could feel John's throbbing dick in her sodden pussy; her mind dazed from so much pleasure. She felt Barb move away, her leg unsupported until John leaned down on the back of her thigh, holding it in place. Tony took up her nipple and continued to stroke and brush over it.

Barb was behind John stroking her fingers up and down his chest and belly. 

"Mmm John? I'm gonna play with you while you fuck Maxi."

John just grunted, his eyes not leaving Maxine's pussy. Tony's cum mixed with the creamy mixture of her own was now on her labia, mons and running down her ass crack. Tony saw it too.

"John, look that looks amazing." Tony whispered.

John closed his eyes, groaning. Maxine thought he'd cum soon. 

Tony put his fingers onto Maxine's clit and rubbed the spunk mixture into her hard nub. It was the first time since they'd started fucking that her clit had been touched and with John's cock bottoming out into her saturated cunt, Maxine came within moments. 

"Aw fuck, yes, yes, oh Tony, don't stop!" Maxine cried.

John opened his eyes in time to see Maxine cum, her face a vision of agony and ecstasy, her nipples hard, her pussy clamping around his dick. He felt Barb's slick finger stroking his crack, pausing at his asshole. He gasped as he felt her push the tip of it into him. 

"Fuck Barb! What are you doing? Jesus?"

Tony looked up. "Is she fingering your ass mate?" He asked.

John nodded, shuddering as she pressed in a little further, up to the first knuckle, her fingertip bending as she rimmed him from the inside. 

"It's good mate. Just relax and let her in." Tony murmured reassuringly.

John looked unsure but continued to thrust in and out of Maxine. His orgasm taking longer since he'd cum inside Barb. Maxine lay there exhausted.

Barb had pressed her soft lace covered body up against John's back. She was kissing him on the neck, softly nipping his shoulders, her free hand stroking his belly up and down. 

"It's ok John, it'll feel good. See, here, I'll just go in a little further...ahh...relax John...yes!" Barb whispered in his ear.

John groaned as she plunged her finger in his ass. The effect was too much and John came, crying out in disbelief, his cum filling Maxine's gaping pussy.

Maxine cried out with him. Barb pulled her finger out of his ass and kissed him on the cheek as she got up and left the room. John just continued to shudder and quake inside her.

"Oh Max." He exclaimed.

He pulled his limp cock from Max's pussy, some of their combined ooze spilling out of her to the carpet and he collapsed lying on the ground at Maxine's feet.

Tony kissed Max on the mouth, gently at first then more insistently. She sighed as she let her legs go, the muscles relaxing, the blood rushing back to her extremities. Surprisingly she could feel her pussy twitch as Tony probed her with his tongue.

"You're so gorgeous Max."

** Chapter 4 is coming...