 Only then did he start to push his fingers into her body, find her clit and begin to finger fuck her like she had never been finger fucked before. His fingers deep inside her vagina felt those places, which moved her to the heights of ecstasy – her whole body shook with passion and then with one enormous scream of passion Mai Li came!

///////////////////

The guests returned to the dining room; Mai Li and Martin remained naked. With Mai Li seated next to him, Martin could not but keep glancing at her naked form, and with Angela on his other side wearing an almost see through blouse, the man had no trouble in achieving an early erection. His erection became even harder when Michelle started serving the main course, because she had removed her bra and as she leant over the side of Martin to place his plate on the table, so her large but very firm breast brushed against his naked shoulder. It was like an electric current passing through his body. As he jumped, Mail Li put her hand on his naked leg and asked him if he was OK? He had great difficulty in just uttering a simple ' Yes, thank you'.

Michelle and Maurice (who had removed his shirt) served the main course of roast beef to all at the table. Large tureens of vegetables were placed on the table and also gravy boats with steaming gravy appeared. Everyone tucked in and soon little conversation was heard as everyone ate the food and fully appreciated the quality, which had been served up. 

Rosemary took the opportunity in the silence to assess how she felt about her husband finger fucking Mai Li and came to the conclusion that she was quite happy with what she had seen. Her only wish was that her tingling pussy could be satisfied sooner rather than later.

The conversation started to build as people gradually cleared their plates – everyone appeared very satisfied with the repast and comments came from every side of the table to centre on Angela and the excellent work she had done. She did not forget to thank the great support given by Michelle and Maurice.

Roger once again tapped his glass to bring silence to the room.

"I will now choose the second couple," he said.

His hand hovered a moment over the pink bowl before dipping in and selecting a slip of paper. One could hear a pin drop as he unfolded it, looked at it and then looked out at his guests.

"The second lady will be Rosemary," he said.

Rosemary almost stopped breathing for a second. She quite literally panicked but then looked at her naked husband and realised that this was what she wanted. But who was going to be her partner and what would they have to do? Roger then selected a slip from the blue bowl. Rosemary held her breath as Roger unfolded the slip. 

" Rosemary's partner will be Malcolm!"

Rosemary could not believe her luck. All she prayed for now was that Malcolm was going to have to fuck her – please God let it be!

" This couple will perform as follows," announced Roger. "Rosemary will kneel before her naked partner and will suck his cock but she must ensure he does not come. When I give the command she will lie back on the mattress, spread her legs and bend her knees allowing Malcolm to go down on her. Malcolm will eat her out until I tell him to stop, at which point he will enter Rosemary with that gorgeous cock of his and he will fuck her until he cums. Rosemary may decide whether she wants Malcolm to ride her bareback or with a condom. She must choose now."

"Bareback," said Rosemary with no hesitation.

Malcolm took Rosemary by the hand and led her into the dining room where they stood facing each other under the lights. The remaining members of the party followed and found seats around the mattresses. Martin took Mail Li by the hand and persuaded her to sit on his naked lap, which she did. He could feel his hardened cock settle into the crack in her arse as he folded his arms around her naked body and let his right hand cup her breast and his thumb found her nipple. They kissed gently as they waited for the performance to unfold.

Rosemary suddenly felt fingers at her back and heard the zip of her dress being undone. Her dress dropped to the ground and she was standing naked under the lights.

"Step out of your dress, please, Madam" said Maurice. Rosemary did as asked and Maurice picked up her dress and disappeared.

Meanwhile, opposite her Michelle had undone Malcolm's trousers and let them drop to the carpet. She had removed his shirt and was in the process of kneeling before him and pulling his boxers down. His black solid cock was released and sprung to attention. Michelle collected all his clothes and left him standing there – his black body shining in the lights, his cock waiting attention and his balls hanging below his body – Rosemary stood and stared at what was going to be hers. 

"Proceed," said Roger.

Rosemary came out of her reverie, moved across in front of Malcolm and knelt before him. Reverentially she lifted her right hand and took his massive cock between her fingers and circled the shaft. It was cut and therefore there was no foreskin to play with. It was at least 10 inches long and very, very thick and it was hard, so hard. In about 10 to 15 minutes this magnificent rod was going to be moving deep within her body, giving her pleasure she had never known before and filling her with his hot, white, creamy baby making spunk. She was so glad the experience was going to be bareback – it would be such a waste to have that cock covered in latex and his seed contained rather than slopping around her womb.

Her lips approached his naked cock – his pee hole stared at her – oh that he would ejaculate now and shoot his spunk all over her face – what an experience to feel it hit her in the face, in the eyes, on the lips, in the mouth – perhaps another time! For now she opened her mouth and proceeded to take that beautiful rod inside, closing her lips around it and sucking it, drawing more and more inside until it hit the back of her mouth. She had taken Martin in her mouth several times but she had never had anything this large in her mouth before. She felt herself beginning to gag but she persevered. She knew she would not be able to take all ten inches down her throat – not on this first occasion – but she would take as much as she could and then perhaps at a later date she would take more.

She continued to suck and lick this big black lollipop, attempting to introduce more and more into her mouth but the moment came when she had to stop. That was when she concentrated on sucking him; at the same time her left hand came up and gently took his balls in her hand and began to squeeze them and feel them – they were big and they were full of cum! This was her idea of heaven!

"Rosemary, lie on your back please, open your legs and let Malcolm go down on you," said Roger from the shadows.

Rosemary reluctantly released Malcolm's cock and lay flat on her back, spread her legs wide and raised her knees to allow maximum access to her cunt. 

"Raise your head," she heard Michelle say, and a cushion was placed under her head in order that she could see down her body to where Malcolm was kneeling now between her legs and lowering his head to her smooth white pussy. She saw his tongue shoot out and lick her glistening pussy lips, lick her slit from top to bottom and back again, suck her outer lips and hold them in his mouth. Martin had never done this before – the feeling was unimaginable. Tremors shot from her pussy to every part of her body and she pushed her cunt firmly into Malcolm's mouth in order to make the tremors even harder. As she did so, Malcolm sucked her lips even harder and pressed his tongue more firmly into her vagina. She knew, just knew that her juices were gushing out of her body and that even Malcolm was having difficulty in keeping up with the flow.

Meanwhile in the armchairs around the stage the people were squirming with lust. The men had their zippers down and their cocks out in their hands. The women had their hands up their skirts and were finger fucking themselves.

All that is except for Martin and Mai Li! Martin felt very wet in his lap from the juices, which Mai Li was producing from sitting in his lap with his cock firmly wedged in her anal crack. Every time she moved her arse, she could feel his cock get even harder and a short time ago she had managed to wriggle into such a position that Martin's cock slid smoothly into her vagina and he started very slowly and smoothly to fuck her. Neither of them really noticed what was going on out there under the lights – their eyes were closed and they had given themselves over to the feeling inside Mai Li's body. Martin felt that he could go on for a long time without cumming and Mai Li hoped that he would last at least until Rosemary was well and truly shagged by Malcolm – perhaps all four could cum together – that would be an event!

" Malcolm – fuck her!" said Roger. 

At this command Malcolm knelt up so that his cock, now rock hard and rampant, was inches away from Rosemary's sweet cunt entrance. With one hand he opened up her vagina and with the other hand he placed his cock at her love hole entrance – and then he pushed and Rosemary saw this massive black rod disappear completely into her body – no half way house but all the way in – all ten inches of it. She felt it slide into her willing body, she pushed her happy cunt onto this massive cock and she knew that shortly she was going to be fucked beyond her wildest dreams. 

Martin watched as this big black cock took his dear wife. He began to pump his own cock into Mai Li at the same speed as Malcolm took Rosemary. He could hear Mai Li's sighs as she felt Martin's cock push ever deeper into her. The fact that she was also riding bareback had no worry to her – she was on the pill and therefore the more semen inside her, the happier she would be. She liked the feel of semen dripping from her cunt and perhaps she would be able to persuade Martin to put his head between her legs when he had finished and lick and suck her clean and dry – that would be worth at least another two orgasms!

Malcolm started to move his penis in and out of Rosemary's cunt building up speed all the time. She felt her love hole being filled and emptied and she loved it. She had never felt so full in her life. With each inward movement of his big black cock she pushed forward to meet it, she put her hand down to where his cock was entering her body and found her clit. She touched her hardened clit and stroked it making her orgasm build out of all proportion. Every time he went fully in she closed her eyes and praised God that she was not one of those women who thought their vagina was not built for massive tools – she knew that the bigger the better was her motto. 

As she achieved her orgasms – and there were many – she either bit into Malcolm's shoulder or simply screamed with passion. Then at the height of her best orgasm yet Malcolm came. She felt his hot cum roar into her womb and fill that space full with his baby making material – millions of his seeds rushed up his cock and deposited themselves in her body, coating her vagina and her womb with that warm, creamy, sticky material. Above her Malcolm continued to push his penis in and out of her body forcing every last drop of cum out of his balls. His grunts of pleasure were ear shattering. He was determined to make sure she had all of his life giving force inside her.

Eventually his movements became slower and Rosemary could feel his cock becoming softer until eventually she felt it pull out of her body.

" Suck me clean," she whispered to Malcolm, "and then I will do the same to you!" 

Malcolm needed no second offer. Pushing himself backwards the length of Rosemary's body, he soon found her glistening cunt under his hungry mouth. Dipping towards her slit, he licked and sucked the cum which was oozing from her love canal. He lapped it up as it appeared and Rosemary started to cum again as she felt his lustful tongue at her sperm filled hole. Malcolm went on licking until her hole was empty and her pussy was dry.

"Get up," Rosemary said to Malcolm, "I want to clean your cock."

Malcolm stood up. His cock, which moments before had been soft and floppy was now coming back to life again. Rosemary opened her lips and proceeded to take that big, beautiful black cock in her mouth yet again – she began to suck it and lick it until she had removed all the combined juices and it had only her saliva on it. 

Meanwhile, as Malcolm had cum in Rosemary, at the same time Martin had ejaculated into Mai Li. She knew she was going to receive his cum – she could feel his cock beginning to spurt. She pushed down with all her might in order that Martin's cock should reach the very depths of her vagina and so that his cream could get into the very depths of her being. It came in long spurts into her vagina – long ropes of cum, filling her, satisfying her but at the same time making her want more and more of Martin's cock. She leant back and whispered," Come onto the mattress and lick my cunt – clean me and taste our juices."

So saying she got up and walked onto the mattress, into the light, with cum flowing from her vagina and lay down on the mattress, opened her legs, bent them at the knees and held her hands out to Martin, who rapidly went down on his knees between her legs and started to suck at her cunt. Everyone left in the armchairs were doing their best to hold back and not cum them selves – another couple would shortly be in the limelight and they did not wish to show the inability to cum themselves or not satisfy their partner whoever that might be.

Both Martin and Malcolm were lying on their backs, both spent, and waited for everyone to go back to the dining room.

To be continued...