 The was no need for introductions, everyone knew each other. The ladies seated themselves in the drawing room whilst the men stood around chatting as if they had nor seen each other for weeks. Josiah's Butler was serving the pre-dinner drinks and Eleanor, with her practised eye was surveying her guests but in a manner not too obvious.

She noted that both Anthea and Moira had been exposed to some sort of sexual activity not too many hours before. Eleanor having some years previously been a partner in a consultancy specialising in sexual psychiatry recognised the facial signs. She glanced at Beryl and recognised in her a woman who hadn't, as she put it in her mind, 'Been fucked in weeks and was dying for it'.

Making an excuse she quickly left the room and entered the dining room. Having been pretty certain of the sexual proclivities of Moira and Anthea she had placed them one each side of her husband knowing full well that he would attempt to feel them up and believing they wouldn't mind. On impulse she placed Beryl next to her husband and Moira between Henry and Peter. Smiling to herself she believed that her husband would find a willing recipient of thigh stroking and more in Mrs Beryl Squires.

After a second round of drinks Simms announced that dinner was served. Eleanor went up to her husband and whispered that she had changed the seating but to trust her. He winked knowing full well the deviousness of his wife in matters sexual.

Pt 2 DINNER 

Soon they were seated at the round dining room table. On Josiah's right was Beryl, then Henry, followed by Moira, Peter, Eleanor, 'Sandy' last of all Anthea who was on Josiahs left.

As the courses were served so was wine to compliment each dish. The chat became a little louder but still within the conventions. Eleanor decided to liven it up a little when after the dessert and cheese had been served...

"I hear that a new store has been proposed for the shopping centre" she said. "Its called Anne Summers, I believe they specialise in lingerie."

Surprisingly Beryl spoke up." Oh yes, I was in the hairdressers and heard of this Anne Summers. Apparently one can have home parties very similar to the Tupperware parties that used to be given. All kinds of lingerie of a particular naughty variety as well as other naughty items are sold."

A voice broke through the chuckles and lewd comments." Beryl" accused Peter in a very loud voice, "as usual you are out of your depth and have no idea what you are talking about. Goodness me what silly ideas you have. I suggest you have had enough to drink."

He turned to Eleanor, a silence had fallen at the table. "Eleanor, you must excuse my wife, she half hears something and goes off into somekind of dreamland."

Eleanor answered Peter in a voice of honey that he should have recognised as a reprimand, but he didn't.

"Oh Peter, I think there must be some truth what Beryl says, I too have heard that it is a lingerie outlet."

Peter, not to be outdone told her that of course it probably was a very nice lingerie shop but naturally being in the shopping centre would not have dubious items for sale.. Before Eleanor could speak however, Beryl exclaimed loudly.

"Peter Squires, I haven't had too much to drink. You have no idea what you are talking about. Anne Summers sell panties with no crotch, bra's with holes for the nipples, basques rubber items dildoes and vibrators so there. Not that you would be interested you sexless old sod."

Peter very red in the face got up from the table where everyone was sitting in absolute silence. "Beryl, you have ruined this evening and possibly any chance of promotion I may or may not have had. We are going home."

Beryl got to her feet, her face ashen. " I apologise Sir Josiah and Eleanor, I am mortified, I should never had said what I did I hope you will forgive me" and without waiting for her husband, swept from the room.

Eleanor hurried after her, ignoring completely Peter Squires apologies.

"Beryl, if it is any consolation, I know you are right, I am sorry I brought up the subject, it was meant for a laugh. please forgive me."

Beryl smiled a wan smile. "There is nothing to forgive, I am so embarrassed."

Eleanor squeezed her arm and seeing Peter approaching whispered in her ear. "I think I will have one of those parties here, can I count on your support? Ring me as soon as you can, we'll meet soon."

Beryl squeezed her arm back "Anything for a bit of fun" she said.

With a curt "Goodnight" Peter took his wife's arm roughly in his and without a further word rushed her to the car.

By the time Eleanor returned to the dining room she found it in uproar.

Anthea was hear to be saying that she had heard of the Anne Summers parties and knew Beryl to be right in what she said and brought more lewd comments when she actually suggested that she hoped they were opening such a shop.

"Why?" asked Josiah, " Your old man cant get it up anymore and you need a toy one?"

"Oh no, he gets it up alright but he has to come to work for you so I need something for the afternoons." That riposte brought howls of laughter and Eleanor suggested that they all go into the lounge which was much more comfortable than the drawing room or the dining room for more drinks and chat.

Everyone wanted a trip to the ladies room or the cloakroom depending on whether they be female or male, but on entering the lounge the guests saw that the room had an intimacy that invoked a very sexually stimulating atmosphere, there was a seductive ambience about the room.

Pt 3 THE SEDUCTION 

but of whom?

Soft music was playing, deep couches were placed around the room, large cushions had been placed in corners and the lighting was subdued giving a pink glow which heightened the feeling of intimacy.

Josiah and Eleanor were waiting for their guests. As Anthea entered the room Josiah asked her to dance and with scarcely a pause she moved into his arms. Eleanor saw her husband wink over Antheas shoulder and Eleanor noticed that their bodies were pressed close together. Coincidentally Moira returned at the same moment as Henry. Eleanor indicated the drinks table. "The staff have left, please help yourself to drinks or take to the floor as you wish." she said.

At the same moment Sandy entered the room and Eleanor was gratified that married couples had been split without their being a need to make the suggestion. Linking her arm in his she moved over to the drinks table. "Perhaps you be so kind as to pour me a cognac" she said. After he had poured out two Remy Martin she led him to one of the couches at the side of the room. Seating herself she glanced at her husband who still held Anthea in his arms, they were still moving to the music but oit was more of a movement of two bodies in very intimate contact. Anthea had both arms around Josiah's neck and he had both hands cupping her buttocks. As Eleanor watched she could see that he was massaging the womans bottom. Josiah was obviously setting the tone of the proceedings and Eleanor hoped that no one would object.

Glancing towards Henry and Sandy's wife Moira he noticed that they were apparently showing little interest in the proceedings as they were in a clinch and she could see Henry's hand was on Moira's thigh underneath the skirt of her dress.Putting down her balloon of brandy Eleanor turned towards Sandy. No words were spoken but they each moved forwards there lips touched and Eleanor experienced the practised tongue of Sandy enter her mouth. Running her hand up his thigh she quickly found a source indicative of Sandy's demeanour. Her hand encountered a very large bulge. With practised fingers she unzipped him and freed his straining cock.

She quickly glanced across to see if Moira would have taken umbrage but she need not have worried. She already had Henry's cock in her mouth and was obviously enjoying every inch of it. 

Glancing at her husband she saw that the randy old goat was even more advanced. His hands had unzipped Antheas gown and as they moved the dress was allowed to fall in a heap at Antheas feet. All Anthea wore was a pair of self supporting stockings. Under the dress she had been naked and even in the subdues lighting Eleanor could see that her mound was devoid of all hair.

Getting to her feet Eleanor loosened her own gown allowing it to fall at her feet and presenting her unclothed body to Sandy. Leaning forward he held her hips firmly and kissed her mound. Opening her legs wide and bending her knees Eleanor presented him with her full lipped quim which he avidly started to tongue.

Eleanor sighed, she knew that the evening was becoming what she had envisaged. She also knew that after Sandy she was going to fuck Henry; the entertainment was just beginning...