 Both bodies came to a rest side by side on the bed, the sheets wet from their juices and totally tangled from their cavortings. 

Rosemary and Martin were on their way to Swingland!

It was the following morning. Rosemary sat in her car outside Angela's house. She was shaking from top to bottom. She could not believe that after last night she could be so nervous. Why in the name of all that was holy did she ask for Angela's phone number last night and why did she phone up only an hour ago and ask if she could come around to see her! And then accept when Angela had said yes!

She was wearing just a dress with buttons from top to bottom. She could feel the air circulating around every part of her body, which was naked under the dress. She looked down to see the silky material fall over her breasts, with her pointy nipples showing through, and then on down to where it rested on and between her legs showing quite clearly where her cunt was.

Inside the house Angela had heard the car pull up in the driveway, the scrunching on the gravel giving it away. She stood just inside the main doorway where she could see the CCTV camera screen and waited for Rosemary to get out of the car and ring the bell. When the phone had rung earlier and she had answered to hear Rosemary's voice, she had almost had an orgasm on the spot. She was still recovering from the previous night's fucking with Martin but nothing would prevent her from offering her body up to the ministrations of his delightful wife. When Rosemary had asked if she could come round to see Angela, Angela had said 'yes' immediately.... And here she was now in just a diaphanous nightgown awaiting the woman whom she prayed would be her new lover.

The bell rang; Angela allowed a few seconds before opening the door. 

"Come in my darling," said Angela, " I have been waiting for you."

Rosemary looked at the vision before her – Angela dressed in a pink diaphanous gown through which could be seen her breasts and nipples and other parts of the body where the gown rested against or was drawn against the skin. It was cinched at the waist by a belt. She stepped inside the house. Once inside Angela held out her arms and embraced Rosemary closely to her. Their lips met in a passionate kiss with tongues fighting to gain entry to each other's mouth. Rosemary had hoped for but had not expected such a welcome. She could feel Angela's hands on her back, pulling her closer whilst running her hands over the silky material of her dress.

"Come with me, my Darling," Angela said to Rosemary, and taking her by the hand led her up the stairs to the same bedroom where the night before Roger had fucked Rosemary and Rosemary's husband, Martin, had fucked Angela. The bed was still unmade and the whole room still reeked of sex but neither of the women seemed to notice – they only had eyes for each other.

Angela turned to Rosemary and stretched out her hands towards Rosemary's dress and began to slowly undo the buttons on her dress, starting at the top and working down. As Rosemary's pert breasts came into view so Angela stopped undoing the buttons and instead let her hands reach for and cup the flesh of Angela's mounds, pressing and squeezing each globe in turn, letting her thumbs flick the nipples which crowned each breast until they became as hard as bullets. Rosemary closed her eyes in untold ecstasy – this was the first time another woman had touched her in such a way and it was divine. She could let Angela go on doing this for a long time. Moments later she felt her dress being unbuttoned downwards and opening her eyes she saw that Angela was now kneeling in front of her and that her dress had swung wide open revealing her full naked body. Her breathing had accelerated by now and increased even more when she realised that Angela's hands were reaching for her.

"Take off your dress, my Darling," Angela commanded.

Rosemary had only to shrug her shoulders and the silky material fell from her shoulders and pooled on the carpet leaving her now totally naked.

Rosemary felt Angela's breath against her pudenda, she felt her tongue flick the white skin, she felt hands running up and down her legs – how long would her legs hold her upright? How old was she, how many years of such delightful play had she missed, how was she going to make up for lost time? All these questions flashed through her mind as she felt Angela begin to lick her pussy harder, as she felt her tongue strive harder for entry into her vagina, as she produced copious amounts of love juice.

She wanted to be fucked by a woman. She wanted to feel a woman's hands on her breasts, she wanted to feel a woman's hands spreading her legs apart, she wanted Angela to use a strap on! My God – where did that thought come from? Never in her life had she ever had such a thought before. She was turning into a slut! What was happening? She had never used that word in the whole of her life let alone used it in her thoughts. Angela's tongue was inside her – she was feeling an orgasm build – an orgasm to exceed all orgasms she had ever had. It came; it roared through her body, it made every nerve rock and roll! Angela was on her feet and reaching out to catch Rosemary as she collapsed like a rag doll. She collected her in her arms and lay her gently on the bed.

Rosemary's eyes opened and for a moment she had to think where she was. Then she saw Angela standing at the side of the bed and undoing the belt, which held her robe together. She pulled her robe apart and let it fall to the floor. Rosemary stared at the naked form standing in front of her. The body was so desirable – a smooth flowing form from shoulder to hips and beyond, breasts so firm and white, nipples hard and suckable, pussy smooth and lickable – and there waiting for her, just for her, love lips glistening with a woman's juice, Angela's love juice!

Angela lay on the bed beside her and began to kiss her – first her mouth, letting her tongue invade the privacy of Rosemary's mouth and tracing her lips, licking her lips. Then moving her lips down over her chin, down her trembling throat until they came to the upper reaches of Rosemary's breasts; continuing the journey down to her nipples where they stopped and started to lick those buds and suck them until the exquisite pain of desire was almost too much to bear.

Meanwhile Angela's hands were smoothing their way up and down the sides of Rosemary's body, like butterfly wings on a warm summer afternoon. Touching her, feeling her, caressing her. The whole of Rosemary's body was becoming like a volcano about to erupt – but she had to contain it because the pleasure (unknown like this to her ever before) was only just beginning.

Angela's lips moved down Rosemary's body streaming even onwards towards the cave of all delights, partially hidden in the valley of joy. Over the smooth plain, kissing and licking, licking and kissing! Angela's fine hair added to that feeling of butterfly wings on Rosemary's skin and by this time her whole body had become a coiled spring, minor orgasms pulsing through her body, desire never known before exuding from every pore.

Angela's lips reached the plateau, which led down to the cave of delights from which flowed a fine stream of aromatic juice. Her tongue flicked the cunt and Rosemary almost shot off the bed – she had become so finely tuned to this pleasure. Early this morning after Martin had left for work, she had shaved her pussy totally removing all residue of pubic hair and she was silky smooth. Her clit had burst forth like the bud on a flower and Angela took advantage to draw this little erection into her mouth and thereby increase Rosemary's newfound pleasure. With Angela pleasuring Rosemary's cunt, Rosemary began to play with her own breasts, cupping them and squeezing them, tweaking the nipples and imaging for some moments what nipple clamps must feel like – she would persuade Martin to buy her some for her birthday and allow him to affix them and then lead her around the house whilst she wore them! She might even get her labia pierced sometime! She shot skyward again as Angela sucked her labia and blew into her lips. My God, what a feeling!

Angela pulled her lips away and Rosemary attempted to grab her hair and hold her in place. But too late! Rosemary got up and walked to the side of the bedroom, to a low chest of drawers and proceeded to open the bottom drawer. From her position lying on the bed with her head slightly raised on a pillow, Rosemary could see Angela's arse cheeks, firm and round, with the slit between the two pulled apart by her bending position. She wondered what it would be like to watch Martin stick his cock in her arse and fuck her anally. Her hand went to her pussy and she started to masturbate.

Angela got up and turned around. She held a vibrator in her hand – a vibrator with a long shaft and a large head – it was deeply veined and it was black! She sat on the bed by the side of Rosemary and began to slide the head of the vibrator up and down Rosemary's slit until the head glistened with Rosemary's juices. Then she pushed the head against the outer lips and watched it slide easily inside Rosemary's cunt. Rosemary emitted a cry of joy as she felt this shaft probe her vagina and move further into her body. Angela switched it on and immediately Rosemary felt the intense pleasure from the thrumming sensation, which increased as Angela increased the pace of the vibrations. Rosemary's whole body started to re-act to the motion of the vibrator and once again she could feel the orgasm building in her body until she reached the nadir of feeling and she screamed her pleasure through the house.

When she eventually came around, she found Angela lying naked beside her, her fingers running softly across her body, her lips touching her skin and leaving soft feelings of delight in all her most erotic areas. She was temporarily sated!

To be continued