 Chapter 10 - The Wedding And Beyond. 

October 15th - Tacoma, Wa.

I wake up at 7:30am. Vanessa isn't in the bed but a note is. "John, I hope you don't mind that I'm not giving you your morning blowjob this morning. I've just got so much to do to get ready. I know you'll understand. I'll make it up to you on the plane. How would you like a mile high blowjob? I love you, John. V"

I'm fine with not getting the blowjob this morning. I know she's really stressed out by the wedding and and reception. I jump up and go to the bathroom. I shave, brush my teeth and take a quick shower. After I dry myself, I walk into the kitchen naked. Vanessa is eating and says "Oh, dessert for breakfast."

I laugh and give her a kiss. As I do she grabs my cock and squeezes it. "How is my stud of a husband to be this morning?"

"He's just fine but wishes we were already on the plane."

She laughs. "Don't worry, honey, the wedding at the Justice Of The Peace will take no time. Then we'll spent some time with my kids and a few friends. Too bad your kids couldn't be here. I really want to meet them. Then we'll be off by ourselves on our honeymoon. I'm still worried that we can't afford to go to Hawaii."

"Vanessa, don't worry about that. We'll sit down when we get back from Hawaii and I'll bring you up to date on our finances. We've also got quite a few other things to do when we get back...notifying Social Security, moving my bank accounts out here, changing names on my pensions, that sort of thing. I've paid into both my pensions so my spouse at my death will continue to receive a reduced pension. Have to get you signed up for that. I'm wondering what our Social Security check will be after we are married. I guess we'll find out in about two weeks."

"Okay, honey. I won't worry about it. I'll trust you that we can afford Hawaii. And please stop talking about death."

"Okay, don't worry. It's no problem. What have you been doing since you got up?"

"Making some food for the reception. I'm finished now. John, I hope you're okay with no wakeup blowjob today."

"I'm fine with it, babe. Don't worry about it. We'll have plenty of sex on our honeymoon."

Vanessa smiles and says "I can't wait. How about mile high orgasm?"

"We'll see, babe. We'll see what happens. It might be hard to do since it's a daytime flight."

We finish eating and Vanessa takes over the bathroom. I go and dress then sit on the couch watching TV. She's finished at 8:30am and we leave for city hall. 

We're married at Tacoma city hall with her two kids, a granddaughter, Joan and Maria in attendance. The ladies all kiss me. Joan, Maria and Vanessa's daughter Julie kissed me on the lips. The daughter kissing me on the lips was a surprise. By 9:15am we're finished with the ceremony and we all head for the apartment. We spend nearly two hours with everyone at the apartment. Fifteen minutes after we get back to the apartment, Julie pulls me aside and says "John, I just want to thank you. Mom is happier than I've ever seen her. And I can see why. You're pretty good looking. Hah!"

I blush and say "Thanks Julie. Now you've got me nervous." She laughs.

"Would you mind if I called you Dad or Daddy, John?"

"Let's make it 'Dad'. We're both a little old for Daddy." Julie laughs. She waves her daughter over and says "Julissa, say hi to your new grandpa." Julissa says "Mommmm." Julie pokes her. Julissa says "Hi, grandpa." I say "Hi, Julissa. You're a very beautiful young lady." She smiles and says "Thanks, a....grandpa."

Julie says "This man is making your grandma very happy and I'm so glad they are married." I give her a kiss on the cheek.

Later, Maria pulls me aside and says "Any more like you at home, John?"

"No, Maria, I have a sister but no brothers."

"Pity," Maria says. She whispers in my ear "Still John, I'm so glad Vanessa doesn't mind sharing you and I can't wait until Halloween. It's going to be so much fun." She blushes. "John, I can wait to use your tongue again. God, I can't believe I just said that."

I laugh at her and say "You know when we were discussing the party with Joan, I mentioned that I was willing to bet you'd be the first on my face at the party. Joan agreed with me. But I don't think Vanessa was too happy with my comment."

"Oh, really? I hope she's not mad at me."

"No, I think she still hasn't quite adjusted to the idea of a open marriage. She'll be okay. I'm sure she will adjust, and soon." I bend over and whisper in her ear, "You just be first in line for my face on Halloween. I like that pussy of yours."

"Vanessa is one lucky woman." Vanessa walks over and says "So what are you two discussing."

Maria says "I was just telling John that you are one lucky woman."

Vanessa smiles, looks at me and says "Yes, I am. God, I can't believe I'm finally married. I love you, John." She leans over and we French kiss for a while. Julie comes up behind us and says "Okay, you two, get a hotel room." We all laugh.

At 11:15am, we take off for the airport. Julie is going to take care of the cat. At 1pm we are taxiing to the runway and on our way. We have a great honeymoon. No sex on the plane though. A stewardess was always near the toilet most of the time. We spent a lot of time on Waikiki beach and in the bed giving each other pleasure. I brought the Cialis so I have a erection for most of the ten days in Hawaii and Vanessa was not shy about using it. We even took a flight to Kauai and a helicopter to one of the isolated beaches that you are allowed to go nude on since there's nobody there anyway. That was great fun and pretty romantic. Vanessa loved it. We actually fucked on that beach and it reminded me of the beach scene in that old movie "From Here To Eternity" but without clothes. We enjoyed the three days we spent on Maui and the two on the Big Island. Seeing the volcano was awesome. It was our first erupting volcano. We both loved it.

On October 23rd, I suggest we try Tantric sex. She's heard of it but doesn't really know what it entails. On a previous shopping trip, I bought some edible Pina Colada massage oil. We take a nice long bath together. Of course, we end up touching each other a lot. I explain to her that from what I have read, Tantric is a method to get a full body orgasm and it is said that an altered state of consciousness can sometimes be attained. And the objective is stimulate each other all over and to delay the orgasm as much as possible. It supposedly give a powerful orgasm which is sometime encompasses the entire body. I tell her I don't know that much about it but I have read a lot about it and I did try it with Sue.

We start by giving each other long massages. I start with her massage and when she finishes with me, I've got a hard-on so we go right into the sex. She sits in my lap and inserts my cock into her vagina. We keep the movement to a minimum and caress each other from head to foot. We stop twice to let her back off from her orgasm. Finally after over an hour of touching and being together physically, she tells me she really needs to cum. I tell her to speed up our movement. Minutes later she begins her orgasm which lasts for over a minute and I can feel her literally shaking all over. I cover her mouth with mine to minimize the noise from her scream. 

After she is done cumming, she leans up against me exhausted. After a while, she moves off of me and begins to suck me off. I lay down and she slips a finger into my ass and starts to massage my prostate. When I reach orgasm, it's a very hard cum and by the time I've finished, cum is leaking out of her mouth. She swallows it and then pushes the part that leaked out back into her mouth. When she's done, she says "Wow, that was a lot of cum, honey." 

I say "That's mainly because of the prostate massage, I think. Although being hard, inside you, and not cumming for over an hour also probably helped with my orgasm. Thanks for that, honey. That was a wild orgasm." 

She says "I love that." 

I say "Me too."

On October 25nd, we are on a plane coming home. It's a red eye special so the plane is dark after the stewardesses give out beverages. We have blankets over us and after everyone calms down, Vanessa ducks under my blanket, takes out my cock and starts to suck it. She's stroking me too so it doesn't take very long until I'm giving her a late night snack. She swallows it and then cleans my cock. She then is back in her seat before any of the crew see her. She leans over and says "Yum!"

I whisper in her ear "Can I do you too?" 

She whispers "I don't think I can undress for that, John. How are you going to get too it?"

"How about I just finger-fuck you to get you off?"

"I don't know, John."

"Darling, I want to get you off. I want you to have a mile high orgasm too."

"Okay, sweetheart." She unbuttons her pants and unzips. This allows me enough room to slip my hand down her stomach and slip two fingers into her. She's wet. I work on her and get her to cum fairly fast. It only takes a little over 5 minutes. I pull my hand out of her pants and Vanessa smiles at me. I slip my fingers into my mouth and suck her juices off. I lick my lips and smile at her. She smiles back, leans over and French kisses me. She then puts herself back together.

We manage to sleep a little bit and the plane lands very early in the morning at SEATAC airport. We finally get our baggage, jump in the car and get to the diner close to home just after they open for breakfast. We eat quickly, head home and jump into bed.

At 12:35pm, I wake up to Vanessa sucking my cock again. She gets her snack and French kisses me. I taste my cum in her mouth. We lay in bed cuddling and kissing for nearly 30 minutes. "Are you hungry, John?"

"Yeah, I am, sweetheart. Let's get up and fix ourselves something." We both walk into the kitchen. Vanessa puts a housecoat on but I'm nude. We look at the selection and realize we're going to have to go grocery shopping soon. We fix lunch and eat together. The doorbell rings and Vanessa goes to answer it. 

Next thing I know, Joan walks into the kitchen. "Well, well, well, look at you. Don't you look yummy."

Vanessa walks in behind her and I look at her with a questioning look. She says "John, don't worry about it, it's not like she hasn't seen you without clothes many times." 

Joan says "Yeah, don't sweat it stud, I won't rape you." She laughs and we all laugh with her. 

I say "I'm not so sure, Joan."

Vanessa says "You're safe with me here, John."

"Well, I'm not worried about it, for sure. Just as long as my wife is happy with my behavior."

Vanessa smiles and says "I'm very happy so far, husband."

Joan says "You have nothing to worry about. I wouldn't touch you without my best friend's permission. I'm just kidding you."

"I know, Joan. I wouldn't let you touch me without my wife's permission."

"I just wanted to find out if the Halloween party was still a go with you guys." I look at Vanessa and she answers for both of us. "Still a go, Joan, and we're both looking forward to it."

"Okay then. You're going to love Carl and Joe, Vanessa. They know you and can't wait to get in your pants." She smiles at Vanessa and so do I.

Vanessa blushes. 

"Doesn't she look hot when she blushes like that?" I say. 

Joan laughs and says "Yeah, she does look hot."

Vanessa says "Coffee, Joan?"

Joan smiles and says "Sure, honey."

We sit and chat for a while, the girls clothed and me naked. All of a sudden, Vanessa's daughter Julie walks into the apartment. She says "Whoops. Sorry. I forgot today was the day you got back." I jump up and retreat to the bedroom to dress. I can hear Julie chuckling as I leave the kitchen. After a couple of coffees, Joan stands up and says "Well, I've got to go and let everyone know the Halloween party is on." Joan leaves.

I walk out dressed and Julie says "Mom, you've got one hell of a good looking man there. Even I wouldn't mind getting with him even with the age difference. Nice ass."

Vanessa says "Hey, that's my husband and your father-in-law you're talking about. You're not allowed to talk that way. At least not in his presence."

Julie smiles and says "You are one lucky woman, Mom." 

Vanessa says "Don't you think I know. I've hit the husband lottery." She smiles at me.

Julie gets up and says she's leaving. She stops and says "So what's this about a Halloween party then?" 

Vanessa says "It's a party for the old folks. No younguns invited." Vanessa and I both thank her for taking care of the cat and give her a kiss. She smiles at me as she leaves the apartment.

We sit back down and drink another coffee. 

"I'm going to take a shower, honey, want to join me?" I say.

"Sure, husband. Damn, I love saying that!"

We shower about 30 minutes playing with each other and washing. After we dry off we head for the bedroom. Vanessa stops next to the bed and kneels in front of me. She grabs my already hard cock and stuffs it in her mouth. She sucks it a couple of minutes. And she grabs the bottle of lube and then crawls up on the bed on her hands and knees. "Husband, I want a triple penetration. You've had one hole now, you have two other holes to fuck."

Instead of giving her my cock in her pussy, I slip under her and begin to eat her pussy. She's getting at least one orgasm first. I lick and suck her for well over five minutes. With two fingers in her, I start to suck and nibble at her clit. She almost immediately starts to cum. It's not a heavy orgasm but she's squeezing the hell out of my fingers and humping my face. She orgasms for nearly a minute and I then withdraw, immediately get up and slip my cock into her vagina. 

It slips in easily because she so wet. I begin to fuck her hard. I grab the lube and lube her ass as I fuck her pussy. I fuck her for several minutes and she's cumming the entire time peaking from one orgasm to another. I pull out and put my cock at her anal entrance. She pushes back on it and it's buried nearly all the way in. She begins to fuck her own ass by pushing into me. She's working hard, I'm not even moving.

She's groaning deep in her throat as she's shoving my cock in and out of her ass. She seems to be enjoying it but I can tell she's starting to getting tired. So I start to fuck her. I'm also rubbing her clit. I grab her hip with my hand that's not engaged and really start to pump into her. She yells "God, yes, fuck my ass baby, fuck it hard." I can feel my orgasm coming. 

I lean over and say "I'm going to cum honey, cum with me." As I start to ejaculate into her ass, she screams as she orgasms. She's pounding the pillow with her fists. Her ass muscles are squeezing the hell out of my cock, trying to pushing the blood out of it. She collapses and I collapsed on top of her. Eventually, I pulled out and rolled off and lie next to her.

She came really hard. After several minutes, she opens her eyes and looks at me. She smiles and says "Wow, thanks honey. That was a wonderful orgasm. I'm totally amazed at my orgasms when you are using my ass. I love my husband."

I kiss her hard and tell her, "I love you, Mrs. Andrews." She has a huge smile on her face. I jump up and go to wash my cock. Then I rejoin her in bed. We cuddle for a while, kissing and touching each other.

"I just love when you triple penetrate me. It wears me out but I love it. And I love the feeling when you cum in my ass."

I give her a long French kiss. "So what do we do today?" I say.

"Let's just stay right here. I just want to hold you all day."

We spend the next few of hours in bed cuddling, kissing and touching like a typical newlywed couple. Then we watch the bedroom TV. The phone rings and Vanessa answers it. She says "Hello."

"Well, he got caught there at the breakfast bar and didn't want to run naked to the bedroom." I don't hear what's being said on the other end but I know if must be Julie. 

"Well, when you walked in he says he felt overwhelmed and had to get out of the kitchen."

"Oh, will you stop. It won't happen again. It wasn't that big a deal and I'm sure you didn't mind seeing him naked, did you?"

I hear laughing on the other end of the line. "Okay, so just stop worrying about it, will you? It's no big deal."

"Okay, bye."

"That was our daughter who was concerned that you were in the kitchen naked with Joan there."

"Oh, well, I'd guess I'd better watch that in the future, huh?"

"Yeah, you'd better."

"Well, she will not normally just walk into the apartment like she did today. She was obviously here to take care of Fluffy."

Vanessa says "True."

About 6pm I'm getting hungry and tell Vanessa. We get up, shower and dress for supper. After we get back from eating, I ask Vanessa to sit with me at the kitchen table. I run her through my finances, what I'm getting each month, from what sources and how much I have in my savings account. I'm not rich but I'm not poor either. I'm strongly in the middle-class or rather we're strongly in the middle-class. Vanessa smiles and relaxes. "I guess we could afford that trip to Hawaii." 

She shows me her finances. Basically, she's living off of a fairly low Social Security check and food stamps. I tell her "Well, we can stop the food stamps now. We need to go to the Social Security office with our marriage license Monday and let them know we're now legal. I still wonder if we are going to be getting more than I'm already getting or not. If not, that would have been a reason to just live together."

"Well, too late now. You are my husband!"

I laugh. "You're right, honey, too late now. I need to contact the DOD retirement and the federal retirement to get you put on my pensions as my new spouse and change the direct deposit information." 

She French kisses me deeply. "Thanks, John. I feel so much safer now financially. Before, as you know, I wasn't even making it from check to check. If it wasn't for the food bank, the last week in the month I wouldn't eat."

We move to the couch to watch TV. By 8:30pm, we are both yawning and laughing about it.

We finally give up and go to bed at 9pm. We're both trying to get our bodies back to Pacific time. 

October 26th 

I'm dreaming of getting a blowjob. It's very enjoyable. I start to wake up and Vanessa has me in her mouth. She says "Good morning, my husband." 

I say "Good morning, my wife." She continues to suck me. She not using her hands today except to tickle my balls. She's taking it very slowly today. In about 10 minutes, I start to cum. She sucks down every drop and then licks my cock clean. She then French kisses me and I get a taste of my cum. 

Vanessa lays on top of me. I hold her tight. "Would you like an orgasm this morning, Mrs Andrews?"

"Why, thank you, Mr Andrews, but I think I'll wait til later. You know I'm not a big fan of morning sex, or afternoon for that matter."

After some making out, we get up and hit the shower. Just to tease her, I start to lick her after I'm done washing her. She says "John, stop please. I said later. Please."

We eat breakfast and get dressed. Vanessa wants to go out today. It's Sunday so there should be plenty to do. We visit several spots including the Seattle zoo and aquarium. We have lunch out and get back to the apartment around 2:30pm. We are both tired so we go take a nap.

Two and a half hours later, I wake up. Vanessa is still sleeping. I get up to get a drink and take a pee. When I get back into the bedroom, Vanessa is awake and has her hands outstretched. I move to her and we start making out again. Just a couple of horny teenagers trapped in seniors' bodies. I tell her that and she laughs. "That's us," she says.

We just lie there for awhile in each others arms. Eventually, we get up and get ready for supper. After supper we talk for a while and when the conversation slows, I get up and walk out onto the balcony. I'm standing on the balcony looking at the moon setting over the lake. It's beautiful and it's not too cold out yet. Vanessa joins me in about 15 minutes and we stand there and enjoy the view. Soon I slip my arm around her and grab her butt cheek. We start to make out again. Eventually, I've got a hard-on. So I decide it's time to be a little daring. I look around and can't see anyone else on their balconies. I move behind Vanessa, reach up under her skirt and pull her panties down. She yelps and then puts her hand over her mouth. I say "Shhhhhhh!"
