 Ch. 4 - Back To Tacoma.  

John:

It's August 3rd and I'm on a plane to Tacoma and I'm sitting here with a hard-on. It's going to be a long flight. Yesterday's Skype session was awesome. She's really into anal sex now. She's not even using the butt plugs now. She's fucking her ass with the dildo now and pretty roughly. I keep thinking about her fucking herself in the ass hard with that dildo. Wow! I hope I can keep up with her now. I may have created a monster.

Tacoma, Wa - August 3rd.

Vanessa's diary: "Dear diary, August 3rd. John is in the air right now on the way here. I've become an anal slut. I love it. The only thing I don't like is the plugs and dildo are cold when they go in. I can't wait for that hard, throbbing, hot cock to be in there. Too many hours to go but I'm wet already just thinking about him. He told me last night that he's staying for two weeks this time and with me, not a hotel! I had a very interesting talk with Joan two days ago. I'm going to introduce John to her and see what he says. I'm thinking a threesome with Joan. Then we'll see how I'm feeling about an open marriage afterward. I think I'll be okay with it. Joan is bisexual and has promised to break me in to lesbian sex. She says she's looking forward to it. Holy shit, I'm excited....and a little nervous."

***************************

John:

Well, I'm finally here at SEATAC. I get my bags and rent a car. Then I'm off to Vanessa's place. It takes a while to get there with traffic but I eventually pull up about 5pm Pacific time. It's been a long day already. The two hour layover in Denver didn't help. I get out of the car and there's Vanessa on her balcony, waving frantically. I wave back and throw her a kiss, grab my bags and walk to the entrance and buzz her. She immediately let's me in and I'm in the elevator, moving on up. 

As the elevator door opens on the fifth floor, she is standing right there. She has a bathrobe on. I step out of the elevator and she jumps on me. She's all over me kissing and grabbing me. We both are groping each other and French kissing. "I'm so glad you're back," she says in my ear. 

"Me too," I say into her ear and stick my tongue in her ear. She coos at me. 

I grab my bags and she walks me to her door. Her neighbor opens her door and smiles at us. Vanessa says "John Andrews, this is my very good friend Joan Bellamy. Joan, this is John." 

Joan says "Hi, John. Nice to officially meet you. I heard a lot about you both from Vanessa and through the walls. I hope we can be very good friends too." Joan licks her lips enticingly. Vanessa leads me away. 

I say "See you later, Joan."

When she closes the door, I drop the bags again and she's in my arms immediately. "I warned my neighbors all ready," she says with a grin. I laughed. She says "I hope we don't bother Joan too much. I really think she wants to join us. She's divorced and doesn't get out too often. She got really excited when we talked about the last visit and about our plan for an open marriage. I think she really wants to share you."

I look at her kind of surprised. I say "You're kidding, right? Are you ready to share me?"

Vanessa says "I think we should invite her to join us," she says. I look at her surprised and smile. 

"Really, are you serious," I say. 

"I'm nervous about it," she says, "but it might be fun for both of us. Joan is bisexual. We talked about you and I for a long time. I know she wants to join us. I'm sure she wants to get with me. I also think she's a little jealous of all the orgasms I've been getting. But I want you all to myself as much as possible the next two weeks. She told me the last time you were here, she masturbated every time she could hear us. I don't know how I'll feel though with you two together and me watching." She blushed. "Would you like her to join us sometime in the next two weeks?"

"Honey, I'm happy with you but it's your decision, okay?"

She says "Well, maybe we can set something up before you head back to Illinois."

I kiss her deeply, playing tongue tag. "Did you cook supper? Something smells great."

"Yes, I made supper. I didn't want to go out of the apartment tonight. I want us to eat, take a shower together and then get that cock hard and into my ass as soon as possible," she says.

"I'm kind of worried. Did I create a monster here? Am I going to be able to keep up with you."

"Well, you've always got your tongue and fingers," she says with a big laugh.

We kiss deeply again and when we break it off she says "Supper will be ready in less than 10 minutes. Have some Asti." 

She sits on my lap and we drink the Asti and toast each other and "Us". We talk and kill two glasses of Asti then we hear the timer on the stove go off. Supper is spaghetti with meatballs and it's really good.

"So a hot, horny woman that can cook, too, huh? I haven't tasted anything you made that wasn't very good."

She smiles and says "Yeah, you are blessed, sir." 

I laugh and raise my glass to her again. "You are wonderful, Vanessa."

"Thanks, John, you're pretty wonderful too. And you make me wet."

I help her clean the table and she says "Let's leave the dishes for tomorrow morning. I want to get you naked." She throws her bathrobe off and she's naked. I start to disrobe too.

In minutes, we are in the shower washing each other and I feel like I'm home. She washes my genitals and then takes my cock in her mouth, twirling her tongue around the head and lightly scratching my balls. She's got me moaning already. The cock is hard and I pull her up and begin washing her vulva and anus. She says "John, you don't have to spend too much time on the asshole. I gave myself an enema this afternoon so I should be pretty clean there."

I begin licking that sweet pussy and soon she's moaning also. She pulls me up and turns the shower off. We dry each other off and walk hand in hand to the bed. "Get on the bed on your back, lover," I say. 

"Yes, sir," she says with a big grin on her face. She gets on the bed and spreads her legs. She is shaved clean and that vulva looks great. 

"Wow, so beautiful," I say, "Dessert is served".

I crawl between her legs and up her body to give her a long, passionate French kiss. I then kiss her right ear and work my way down to her neck. I linger at her neck, kissing and licking her there. I move over and work my way over to her left ear. I then begin working my way down her body. Her nipples are hard and long already. I kiss, suck and nibble at both those beautiful nipples. She's moaning now and holding my head with her hands. After several minutes, I begin working my way down her abdomen because I can't wait to get at that pussy. 

As I reach her vulva, I lick her outer labia up and down a couple of times and then lick up her inner thighs. I then spread her outer pussy lips and begin licking those in lovely inner lips. I pull on both her inner labia with my lips and suck on them. She's moaning loudly now. I start to tongue-fucking her vagina and she can't stay still. She's moaning loudly and her ass is wiggling back and forth. As I slip a finger into her asshole, she starts to cum. She grabs the pillow and screams into it. After a minute or so she begins to calm down and I remove my finger from her ass. I jump up and go to wash my hands. I come back and lay down with her and start caressing her. She smiles at me and says "I missed that, thank you lover."

She reaches down and grabs my cock and starts to play with it. "You want to stick that in my ass?"

"Eventually," I said. I then start to play with her pussy again and she starts to squirm again.

"You know I like to give you lots of orgasms," I say with a smile.

She starts to groan. "I missed the multiple orgasms when you were gone. I had some good single orgasms though with the anal plugs. Masturbation orgasms never seem to be as deep and hard though anymore without something in my ass."

I begin to finger-fuck her with one then two fingers. I make a meal of her nipples, licking and sucking and nibbling at them both. She's moaning. "Oh, God, John. I love it, I love you. I'm going to cum again, darling, oh, oh, ah aaaaaaaah, oh shitttttttttt!!!"

I drop down and begin licking her pussy lips and fucking her pussy with my tongue. Her orgasm peaks again and she's now screaming into a pillow again. Eventually, she pushes me away from her pussy. "God, please, John, I'm so sensitive now is almost hurts." She grabs my cock and starts sucking it. When it's hard and throbbing, she jumps up and gets on all fours. "The lube is on the bedside table, now get over here and stick that lovely cock in this ass."

I smile at her and grab the lube. I lube my middle finger and rub it on her anus, then begin to slip it in. She not hard to penetrate. I put another glob of lube on her anus and begin pushing it in. I put some more on my middle and ring fingers and push them in and out. She moaning again and pushing her ass back at me. "Please, John. Please. Please."

"Please what my dear?" I say teasing her.

"Please fuck my ass, lover."

I put on a condom, lube it and move behind her. She's already pushing back into me. I swat her on her ass and say "Wait a second."

I move the head of my penis to her asshole. She groans. I begin pushing into her. The head slips in fairly easily. I begin pushing the rest into her. She emitting a constant groan now from deep in her throat. I go very slowly so as not to hurt her and to let her get use to the size. Finally, my cock is in her all the way. I look down and smile. What a sight!

I whisper in her ear "I want to stay here forever. I don't even want to move, I want to just enjoy this feeling."

She moans "Oh, John, it feels so good...your penis feels so warm."

After a minute, she begins the movement. "Fuck me now, honey!"

We begin moving together. We're both moaning and groaning now. It's really fantastic. I start to rub her clit.

After several minutes, I'm feeling like I'm not going to last much longer. That old feeling of tightness in my balls is starting. That anal cavity is trained but still very tight. Vanessa is groaning and breathing very heavily now too. I know she's close. I reach up and pinch both her nipples, she squeals and then I reach under her with my right hand and start rubbing her clit hard. With the action on her clit and left nipple, her orgasm starts. She starts to scream into the pillow again and her ass muscles start to squeeze the hell out of my cock. I'm gone. I start to cum and we're both in ecstasy. My orgasm lasts 15 seconds but she continues to orgasm. Her orgasm must have lasted for nearly 2 minutes as I continue to move in and out of her. 

Finally, she collapses on the bed and I collapse on top of her trying my best to keep my weight off of her. We're both breathing like we just ran a marathon. After a minute or so, I pull out, although I don't really want to. I just can't hold myself off of her any longer. She sighs as I pull out, not wanting that empty feeling.

I jump up and go to the bathroom to get rid of the condom and wash. I bring a warm, wet washcloth back to the bed. She's still on her stomach with legs spread. I begin wiping her pussy and then her anus. She's kind of cooing now. "Oooooo, John, that feels great too. Thank you."

"No, lover, thank you. 70 and that's my first anal sex. I love you."

"Well, I'm almost a year older and that's my first completed anal sex. And it was awesome. And the orgasms tonight were so damn good. I almost lost consciousness several times. I thought I was going to blow a fuse on that last one though. Wow!"

I lay down next to her and pull her over onto me. I kiss her deeply. I love French kissing her. Her mouth tastes so good; there's a bit of the flavor of the Asti and a little bit of the garlic from the spaghetti sauce. We lay there a while just touching each other. Her skin feels like satin. Not bad for a mature woman. Finally, she says "Want to finish the Asti?"

"Sure," I say.

It's not real late. The news is on and we watch that hand in hand and finishing the second bottle of Asti.

Still naked on the couch, she begins to play with my cock again. I look over at her and say "You still horny, honey?"

She says "No, not really, can't I just play with my favorite toy if I want. I love the silky feeling of the skin on your shaft." 

I laugh and say "Sure, enjoy yourself." 

She says "It's really hard to keep my hands off of it."

After the late show, she pulls me up and says "I want to write something in my diary really quick and then it's time for sleep." I go to the bathroom while she writes in her diary and wash my cock again (thinking about maybe getting a morning BJ again). I come back to bed and crawl in next to her. She asleep already. Worn out from orgasming, I guess. I kiss her cheek, pull the sheet up and snuggle in for the night.

**********************************************

Vanessa's diary: "Dear diary, August 3rd. I'm so damn in love. And anal sex with John is the ultimate. It's almost like a religious experience for me. I'm so happy. That hole is his and his alone when we start to swing. No other man will get the privilege of using that hole."

**********************************************

Tacoma, Wa - August 4th

I wake about 7:45am. Vanessa's still asleep. I've got to pee badly - must be the Asti. After I return from the bathroom and snuggle back in bed with her, she turns over and smiles at me. "Sleep okay?"

"Actually, not too badly. I'm a little cramped up is all."

"I have to go to the bathroom. Just lay there and don't do anything else. There's something I want to do." I smile at her. She scurries off with that beautiful ass wiggling. Yum!

She comes back from the bathroom, pulls the covers down and grabs my cock which is half hard because I've been thinking about what she's about to do. She begins licking the head and I groan. She licks up and down the shaft. She runs her tongue over my scrotum, then back up the shaft and takes nearly the whole shaft into her mouth. She starts fucking her own mouth with my cock. God, it feels good! She's an expert at this.

After a few minutes, she starts sucking the head, using her hand on the shaft and lightly scratching my balls with the other hand. I last less than a minute like that and cum in her mouth. She swallows it and then smiles at me. I pull her up to me and give her a big kiss, sticking my tongue in her mouth. After the kiss, she looks at me. "I'm still surprised you want to kiss me with the flavor of your cum in my mouth."

"I don't care, I just love to kiss you," I say. She smiles. 

"I've got some ideas on what to do today. Let's get a shower and eat some breakfast."

I say "I'm going to do some exercises first. Got to keep fit for you. I'm going to have to join a gym when I move out here permanently."

"Okay, honey. I'll get the coffee started while you exercise."

I do 100 abdominal crunches, 20 push ups, and some glute exercises. I walk into the kitchen, I smile and say "Let's jump in the shower." And give her a horny leer and lick my lips.

"Noooo, just a shower, nothing else, okay?"

"Awwww, okay."

We shower and wash each other, dress and finally get some cereal, toast, orange juice and coffee for breakfast.

The juice hits the spot.

After breakfast, she says "Let's go to downtown Seattle. There are some sites I want to show you." 

We spend the day out and about visiting an aquarium, several museums and a sculpture park. We lunch at a cafe' downtown. We're so cute holding hands and kissing each other like a couple of teen lovers. 

About 5:30pm, we're back to her apartment. It was an enjoyable day just being together but we're both a little hot and sweaty. We strip and jump into the shower again and enjoy washing each other down. Our hands roam over each other. That was very enjoyable too. We dry each other and kiss and fondle each other. "That's enough," she says, "let's get dressed."

We get dressed for supper and head out to a restaurant about 6:20pm. Supper is great, very good food and super conversation, and we head back to her place about 7:45pm. We stop at a shop to pick up some marijuana. I give her the money and she runs in and buys it. Back at her apartment, we sit on the couch. She turns on the TV to watch a program she likes. 

We start smoking the pot and watching TV. Half way through the episode, she is paying more attention to me than the program. She's running her left hand up and down my leg. 

Soon we're both pretty high. She's starting to remove her clothes. I look at her and follow her actions. Before long, we're both naked and the episode is almost over. She's stroking her 'favorite toy' now and licking her lips. Her 'favorite toy' is getting stiff.

Then she bends over and licks the head. She licks up and down the shaft and then takes it into her mouth. Not to be outdone, I lean down, stick my head between her legs and begin to lick that pussy. That gets a moan from her. We both straighten out and now she's on top of me and we're in my favorite position...the '69'. 

I'm giving her a good licking and she's sucking my cock good. Within minutes she's moaning around my cock and she's starting to hump my face. I'm pretty good at ignoring a blowjob (if I want to) so I'm just continuing to eat her pussy. I have to have something to do though like licking those labia or what she's doing to me will start to affect me. It's hard to ignore it though, her pheromones are strong and have got me very horny. 

I eventually start to flick my tongue over her clit and every time I do she goes "Ooooo!" I stick my thumb into her vagina and slip a finger into her asshole up to the second knuckle. As soon as the finger goes into that ass, she loses it and is screaming with her mouth full of cock. She's really putting out the pussy juice now and I'm sucking it up as fast as I can. I slip a second finger into her ass and that sends her to a higher peak. She not sucking me any longer but screaming into my crotch. 

Finally, she starts to come down and I remove my fingers from her holes although I continue to lap up the pussy juice. She didn't really squirt but she was putting out a lot of juice.

She's calming down now but hasn't moved. I stop licking and sucking her. I smack her lightly on each ass cheek and ask "Vanessa, are you still with me?"

She's still breathing heavily and after a few minutes she starts to move. She climbs off of me, her hand still around my cock. She pulls my legs off of the couch and kneels between them. She starts stroking my cock and lightly scratching my ball sack. That gets me moaning. She starts to flick her tongue around the head of my cock. With the stroking, the tongue flicking and the scrotum play, I can feel the orgasm growing. Suddenly, I grunt loudly and she immediately takes my cock most of the way into her mouth. I then shoot four streams of cum into her mouth. She's holding it in her mouth. When I'm done, she looks up at me and opens her mouth to show me the cum. She then swallows it and smiles at me, showing me again that the cum is gone. She then licks my cock and strokes me again to finish the cleaning. I jump up and go wash my hands.

I sit down next to her. She then crawls up on my lap and kisses me. I open my mouth and she sticks her tongue in. We play tongue tag for a little bit and then she puts her head on my shoulder and I hold

her tight. "I love you, Vanessa." 

She smiles at me and says "Love you too, John. I'm very happy."

I lay down and pull her on top of me and we hold each other tight. I guess we both nodded off for a little while because I wake with a cramp and have to wake her up. After the cramp passes, she turns the TV off and we crawl into bed with me spooning her. We are asleep in no time.

Tacoma, Wa - August 5th.
