 When she eventually came around, she found Angela lying naked beside her, her fingers running softly across her body, her lips touching her skin and leaving soft feelings of delight in all her most erotic areas. She was temporarily sated!

....................

Rosemary and Martin were getting ready to go to Angela and Roger's dinner party. For the last few days both of them had been on edge wondering what was in store for them and whether the outcome would be as sexciting as they anticipated. Last night in bed had proved the most sexually rewarding that they could ever remember and they now both wondered whether a "swinging" dinner party could in any way improve on it – until they remembered what it had been like before they had decided to go down this road.

Angela had reminded Rosemary that for the dinner party she should not wear too many clothes – in fact a dress, which was easy to remove and nothing underneath would be perfect! Rosemary had taken this advice in mind when preparing and accordingly had chosen a neat black strapless dress which had a semi-flared skirt to it and a zip up the back – that would not give any trouble in removing or being removed quickly! As for underneath – well, she was naked and enjoying the feeling of bare skin on her dress material. She would just have to take care that if she got too sexed up before the main event she did not have love juices flowing down her inner thighs!

Martin, meanwhile, had decided to wear a button up white shirt with short sleeves, a mean pair of trousers and underneath a pair of boxers, all of which could be removed in seconds.

They were ready – so out to the car!

........................

On the way to Roger's house, Martin managed to let his left hand find its way from the gear stick onto Rosemary's leg several times and she let him slide his hand up and down her inner thigh, every so often touching and feeling the lips of her smooth, naked pussy. She sat back in the seat, opened her legs wider and just let the heat of the moment move her fantasy to the evening ahead – she hoped that by the time they drove home she would have been fucked several times and that a mixture of semen would be oozing from her love canal – she reminded herself that she would need to put a small towel on the seat before she got in; she had purposely left one in the glove compartment just for that purpose. She was also looking forward to having another love session with Angela before the night was out. Her fantasy took her back a few days when Angela and her vibrator had used her – my God that had been good, heavenly in fact! She could still feel Angela's lips and fingers on and inside her body, she could still feel her body reacting to the touch and she remembered THAT orgasm – never before had her body re-acted that way!

Rosemary suddenly remembered where she was and for a moment panicked in case her juices were flowing and making a stain on her dress – but she was lucky. Martin's fingers were inside her cunt and stopping the juices from flowing out. Moments later they pulled up outside their hosts' house and using a Kleenex from her handbag, she was able to dry herself before exiting the car.

......................

Roger opened the door and gave both Rosemary and Martin a beaming smile of welcome. He shook Martin's hand firmly and gave Rosemary a resounding kiss on the lips. Behind him stood Angela in a white see through blouse, clearly showing her tanned breasts and her dark well-pointed nipples. She also wore a flared skirt, which fell away nicely from her hips. She took Martin in her arms and pressed him to her, giving him a kiss with an open mouth and exciting tongue, which caused him to loose immediate control and show her by the strength of his erection just how interested he was in seeing her again.

Rosemary did not notice the excitement, which Martin showed, but rather let her gaze unswervingly rest on her new lover whom she was determined that she was going to make love to again before the evening was out. The two women embraced each other and kissed deeply taking no notice of the looks lavished on them by their respective husbands.

Roger sought to break them up by suggesting they move into the lounge and have some drinks and meet the other two couples who had already arrived.

The lounge was reasonably large and lit by candles in candelabra placed strategically around the room. A bar stood at one end behind which was a young girl in a white blouse with a deep cleavage showing the rise of her large breasts to perfection; she also wore a short black skirt, which must have reached just an inch below her pussy and no more. There was a wide selection of wines, spirits and liqueurs and Richard indicated that beer was also available if requested. Having ensured that the new arrivals were served with the drinks of their choice, Richard then proceeded to introduce them to the other guests whilst Angela disappeared into the kitchen to supervise the preparation of the meal. 

Sitting to one side of the bar with candlelight highlighting her flowing dark hair and dark skin was Mai Li, a Chinese beauty dressed in a silk tight fitting dress with a slit which went right up to the top of her thigh and revealed a slim shapely leg, which Richard noted with great expectation. Standing by her chair was a 30 something white man, Edward by name, in fitted slacks and a black shirt. They looked a very sophisticated couple.

On the other side of the bar sat a woman in a white dress; her blonde hair fell to her shoulders and she gave the air of one who knew exactly what she wanted. Roger introduced her to Martin and Rosemary as being Veronica, an old friend of Angela's. 

Suddenly from the side of the room, carrying a whisky tumbler half filled, appeared a black gentleman of medium build and handsome visage. Rosemary saw him and her heart jumped – she was going to have a real live black cock inside her tonight, of that she was certain. Not for her any longer the black vibrator offered by Angela but a live vibrating tool inside her love canal and filling her with hot, white, creamy cum. She could already feel her juices running down the inside of her thighs! Her breathing went into overdrive as she whispered to Roger, "What is our friend's name, Roger – he of the black cock."

"That is Malcolm," replied Roger, " and I understand that whilst he may not be very tall, his cock is about 10 inches long and thick with it. If you are in a position tonight to see it, I suggest you also get in a position to experience it inside you!"

Angela returned to the lounge to talk with the guests and it gave Martin an opportunity to see her breasts through the sheer material of her blouse. His cock was doing somersaults as he fantasised about sucking them and rubbing his cock over them. He was getting so hot.

Roger then tapped his glass to obtain everyone's attention.

" As you are aware we have new members with us tonight and for their benefit I would like to take you through the procedure for the rest of the evening. Dinner will shortly be served in the dining room. After everyone has finished their hors-d'oeuvre, I will select a woman and a man in the usual way to perform the first sex act of the evening in the limelight back in this room. Prior to performing they will of course be undressed by Michelle and Maurice, our waitress and waiter for the evening and having completed the act they will remain naked for the rest of the evening. We will then return to the dining room for the main course at the end of which another couple will perform and so on until all guests have performed. After the final performance, as is now common procedure, Michelle and Maurice will be invited to join our party and we will mix with each other until such time as everyone goes home. At no time will partners perform together. Are there any questions?"

Martin and Rosemary stood there hardly daring to believe what they had just heard. This was really going to be an evening beyond their wildest imaginings.

Roger then led everyone into the dining room. It was almost as large as the lounge, lit again by candles with a large round table set in the middle of the room. It was laid with fine silver and the best wineglasses that money could buy. At each place was a small card indicating who should sit there. Martin found himself sitting between Mai Li and Angela – he could not have wished for better.

Rosemary meanwhile was seated between Malcolm and Edward. Malcolm was a gentleman, pulling her seat back and then pushing it forward again as she sat down. She was not used to this old time civility. Michelle and Maurice served the hors-d'oeuvres and Rosemary noticed that Maurice had removed his jacket and Michelle had removed her blouse revealing a black bra holding in a pair of firm DD breasts!

The hors-d'oeuvres – thinly sliced melon with Parma ham and a raspberry sauce – were delicious and the plates were soon empty. Rosemary noticed that Roger glanced around the room and then called for silence by tapping his wineglass. It was only then that Rosemary saw the two small bowls sitting on the table in front of him – one coloured blue and the other pink.

Roger reached into the pink bowl and withdrew a folded slip of paper; he opened it, looked at it and then announced, " The first lady to perform is Mai Li." He then reached into the blue bowl, read the slip of paper and announced," Her partner will be Martin."

Martin looked to his right where Mai Li was sitting and smiled at her; she returned the smile. Rosemary, meantime, became silent and wondered how she was going to re-act to her husband performing a sex act with this beautiful Chinese woman. She would just have to wait and see.

" Mai Li and Martin – you will go to the dining room and there you will be disrobed by Michelle and Maurice. Initially you will masturbate yourselves for a full five minutes. On the command you will then masturbate each other for a full five minutes but neither of you must cum. Finally Mai Li will masturbate Martin until he cums over her breasts and he will then rub his cum into her breasts as if it were a precious cream. When every last drop has gone, he will then finger fuck Mai Li until she cums. Is that understood?"

Both Mai Li and Martin nodded their heads. Mai Li took Martin by the hand and led him into the dining room where the centre of the room had been set out with a soft base of matresses on the floor in a circular shape and lights were shining on the area. Armchairs had been set in a circle around the circular area and were placed so that no one could see the persons sitting in them (or what they were doing!). The remaining guests followed them into the dining room and sat down in silence.

Mai Li and Martin stood facing each other. Michelle stood in front of Martin and began to undress him. First she undid his belt and unzipped his trousers. She let them fall to the ground. She then undid the buttons on his shirt and helped him to take it off. Finally she knelt down and removed his boxers revealing his hard cock with a small amount of pre-cum at the tip. She collected his clothes and left him standing naked under the lights.

Meanwhile opposite him Maurice stood behind Mai Li, unzipped her dress and allowed it to pool on the carpet. There was an in drawing of breath from the men (and several of the women!) when the beauty of her naked totally smooth body was revealed. Martin had considerable trouble controlling his desire to cum everywhere!

"For the next five minutes you will both masturbate yourselves, starting NOW." That was Roger's voice from the shadows. Mai Li's fingers fell to her pussy and she began to finger fuck herself, her long thin digits running up and down her slit, every so often raising a finger to her lips and tasting the residue which had formed there from her rubbings. Martin meanwhile had taken his cock in hand and was rubbing the foreskin backwards and forwards over the increasingly red helmet. The small amount of pre-cum had increased and was being spread over the head of the penis with each movement of his hand.

Two of Mai Li's fingertips disappeared inside her love canal and one could sense the orgasm building inside her, whilst Martin closed his eyes and did his best to control himself.

"Now start to masturbate each other," commanded Roger. 

The two figures lay down on the soft mattress side by side and began to masturbate each other – Martin's fingers were finger fucking the smooth white cunt of Mai Li, occasionally letting his finger tips disappear inside her vagina, whilst Mai Li gripped the now ramrod stiff cock poking out from Martin's pubic hairs. She moved her hand from bottom to top and vice versa, making sure that she did not excite him so much that he came.

Meanwhile in the circle of chairs Rosemary realised that watching her husband play with the body of a beautiful woman did not make her jealous, but rather made her even hornier and she found herself fingering her own sweet pussy and feeling the juices flowing from her cave. She could not wait for her turn to take the limelight and perform for all and sundry.

"Martin, you will now let Mai Li masturbate you until you cum over her breasts," said Roger, whereupon Martin pushed himself up into a kneeling position over Mai Li's body with his cock positioned above her firm pointy breasts and Mai Li started to masturbate Martin harder than she had done before. Whilst one hand rubbed his cock, the other hand cupped his balls and started to squeeze them firmly. Martin could feel the volcano starting to erupt and suddenly he could hold it back no longer – rope after rope of thick hot creamy cum shot out of his penis and spread itself over Mai Li's beautifully firm breasts. His ejaculation seemed to the audience to go on forever but finally the last few drops fell from the end of his cock. Martin then proceeded to run his hands over those beautiful full globes and continued to rub her body until her skin had absorbed every last drop.

Then he moved off her body and lay again by her side and his fingers immediately began to run up and down her slit, moving like butterfly wings until he felt her start to lift her body to reach his finger tips. Only then did he start to push hi s fingers into her body, find her clit and begin to finger fuck her like she had never been finger fucked before. His fingers deep inside her vagina felt those places, which moved her to the heights of ecstasy – her whole body shook with passion and then with one enormous scream of passion Mai Li came!

To be continued