 "Get ready, I'm bringing you a surprise."

The last words my boyfriend said to me run through my mind as I get ready for his arrival. It's Tuesday, and we generally do our best to meet during the afternoons for dirty fun, but he doesn't usually bring a surprise with him.

My mind wanders over the possibilities as I get into the shower. Maybe it's a toy, I think to myself as I spread bubbles across my tits and pussy. The idea of a new toy to play with makes my pussy tighten up with anticipation and my nipples harden into peaks.

I gently rub my clit making my breath shake while I picture him standing behind me in my living room- me bent over the arm of the couch moaning into a pillow while he fills my pussy up again and again. I open my eyes to shower walls and smile when I rub my fingers together, feeling my slipperiness on them.

After my shower I put on my favourite new panties, jean shorts and a tank top. My ass looks great in the shorts and my more than generous tits are spilling out of my shirt. My eyes keep checking the clock as i leave out toys on the dressers. There isn't anything the toys can do that my boyfriend can't, but they're fun. We especially like the black dildo that I bought for myself (the biggest one on the shelf) and my pussy gets wetter remembering how last time he used it on me I squirted all over his face and chest.

Finally he gets here; I can see his truck through my front window. My boyfriend Frank looks extremely fuckable as he climbs out of the truck. I'm more than surprised to notice a second person climbing out of Franks truck.

I can hardly believe my boyfriend would bring me someone new to play with! The person climbing out of Franks truck is taller than me by a lot of inches, and his skin is a dark chocolate brown. I can feel my heart beat in my ears and pussy as I watch him walk towards the house.

They both walk up the walk and in the door. I'm unaccountably shy in front of this stranger I've been given. Furtively I look at him, assessing him without being obvious. I notice quickly he has large hands and feet, my clit tingles as I wondered what else might be large on him. My eyes met my boyfriends and I could see how horny he was, and that he was enjoying my reaction.

We smile at each other, feeling the familiar pull we have for each other. He grins impishly at me and reaches out and grasps my tit in his hand rubbing my nipple through my shirt and bra with his thumb. Already more horny than shy, it doesn't take much more than that before my clothes started to hit the floor and theirs as well.

Frank steps closer to me and kisses my mouth firmly but quickly. His mouth trails down my neck and gently bites. I gasp and feel more wetness between my legs. His hand gently grasps my chin and he turns my head to the side so I am looking at my surprise. 

"Meet Paul." His voice is rough in my ear. He's excited too.

I smile at Paul, knowing he can easily tell I'm turned on just by the look on my face. I only smile invitingly, still unable to find my voice through shyness. My hands were eager to get on them though, and it wasn't long before I had them both in my grasp. I felt them go from semi hard to rock hard in seconds. Two soft groans followed me as I let my hands rub and gently tickle the heads of their cocks, and shivered with excitement feeling four hands fondling my body. Both men tease my nipples and clit, squeeze my ass and generally wind me up to a fever pitch. It would take a freight train to stop me from getting my mouth on their cocks.

Frank and Paul are both standing in front of me now and I happily drop to my knees in front of them, anticipating sucking their cocks and winding them up. Giving blowjobs is a skill I've mastered and i want to make sure both get the full experience.

I start first with Frank, still feeling a little shy about Paul. His cock is smooth and white with a perfectly shaped head and a gentle upwards curve that I know only too well how it rubs a G-spot. I get wetter by the moment as I take the head of his cock in my mouth and create powerful suction, rolling my tongue around and around. He groans as I give his cock such good attention and expels a huge breath as I take him deeper and deeper until the head of his cock is just touching the back of my throat. As I pull back I can see Pauls dark long and thick cock just waiting for the same.

I turn slightly to him, not wanting to obscure the view I know Fred wants. I wrap my hand around Pauls cock and stroke it gently, excited by the size. At least 8 inches long and thick from head to base, it was pretty exciting.

I slowly licked the shaft of his cock from base to head, and then around quickly before taking as much of him in as I could. The fact that he was far too large to take him all in, and far too thick to push it had me very aware of the pulsing heat and wetness in my pussy. As I expertly manipulated Pauls very large cock, he quickly started moaning. 

I switched back and forth between men several times, enjoying it when I made them breathe quickly, tremble and clench. The power it gave me made me hornier than anything else. I'm almost ready to cum myself when I feel Frank jerk suddenly and back off and I can taste precum in my mouth. 

At this point both men are squeezing my tits and gently pinching my nipples. Franks hand is in my hair urging me back. While I'm nearly devouring his perfect cock I feel Pauls hand travel down my stomach until his finger tips find the top of my clit. I start moaning softly while he rubs my clit making my already wet pussy even wetter. 

The boys get me to sit on the couch. Paul is standing to the right of me rubbing his big chocolate cock, his eyes lit with the urge to bend me over the arm and fuck the hell out of me. Frank kneels in front of me and I nearly jump right out of my skin as the tip of his tongue teases my very sensitive clit. 

Sucking one cock makes me excited, sucking two makes me wet as waterweed. Frank groans softly when his fingers discover the mess I've made of myself. His fingers slide inside my pussy as Pauls cock slides between my lips. Frank rubs my G-Spot firmly at the same speed that Paul fucks my face, and Frank dips his head again to taste my pussy juice. He laps my little clit, making me squirm like a madwoman wanting more.

I can hear Paul groaning over my own noises, and I can feel his hands trembling in my hair. I back off a little when I feel my own release building, finding it too hard to concentrate. I'm moaning and groaning, my hips bucking and my pussy just begging to be fucked. I hear nothing but blood pounding in my ears and I'm not aware of any noises I might be making. 

"Lean back" says Frank with a smile. He loves to make me cum and he's very very good at it. Paul sucks and bites my nipples, sometimes softly, sometimes harder. Frank bends my knees up and braces my legs on his shoulders. Before I'm ready for it, Franks mouth is attached to my pussy, two fingers are rubbing my G-Spot for everything its worth, and one hand holding me down. I know I'm losing control quickly, that cumming hard and long is inevitable. When I feel Frank slip his finger up my tight ass I know everything is lost. The force of my orgasm leaves me out of breath and seeing stars. I smile looking at both Frank and Paul, Pauls cock rock hard and jutting out proudly wanting to be inside me, and Frank, wet faced and slightly out of breath.

"You worked hard" I say to Frank "you should rest". I direct him to the couch and I smile at Paul and crook my finger at him. "Want me to suck your dick before you fuck me?" I ask flirtatiously "Sit on the back of the couch". Obviously he wasn't going to say no.

The cock I always crave the most is most certainly Franks. He can do things to my pussy like no one else can. Especially with encouragement, and watching me suck a big black cock like I'm trying to get a golf ball through a garden hose is excellent encouragement. Especially if it's right in front of his face. 

I straddle Frank and rub his hard cock on my clit a few times. I've always loved the feeling of a hot hard cock grinding against me wanting in. As Frank pulled me against him I was easily able to start satisfying some of Pauls needs. Frank watched me smile as I deliberately ran my tongue from Pauls balls to the head of his cock. As I took the head of Pauls cock slowly in my mouth, I also let Fred slip his cock into my juicy pussy. As Paul held my head while he plunged in and out of my mouth, I rode Frank the same way. Frank began to fuck me harder and harder. My tits were bouncing in his face and I was finding it difficult to get fucked that well and suck cock at the same time. 

"She's gonna cum soon!" Frank sounds smug as he can feel my pussy shudder with every impact. Paul grabs the back of my head and pushes his cock as far back in my throat as he can and Fred grinds against my clit and well fucked pussy, and it clamps down on his cock hard enough to tear it off. Pussy juice coats his balls and cock in a flood, and both men look like they're barely not cumming themselves. 

I half climb half fall off Frank, my muscles feel like jello and I don't think I can possibly cum again. "Let's go in a bedroom". Paul sounds eager and looks it while he strokes his monster. 

Upstairs, Frank stretches out on the bed and smiles "I wanna taste that cum again, and I think you left a mess behind" he says glancing at his still wet, still very erect cock. 

I can never turn down a 69, even when my clit feels three times its size from overuse. I bend my head to my task and feel Frank gently licking and sucking my clit while I slowly clean my cum off him like it's ice-cream. 

"Does your cum taste good?" Pauls voice comes from directly behind me and my pussy tightens up a bit when his hands descend on my hips. The twitching Franks cock is doing in my mouth is enough to tell me that an up close and personal view of my pussy getting stretched and hammered was not at all unpleasant. The shocks of heat running through my body was enough to tell me that I wanted it badly too.

"Uhh," I groaned "Fuck me!" Looking back over my shoulder I was rewarded with twin groans from both men.

I felt the head of his cock between my pussy lips and gasped as he entered me slowly. He played nasty little games, giving me just the tip and making me beg. Frank rubbed my clit as Paul ventured deeper and deeper inside my pussy with every stroke. I've already reached the point where I keep forgetting about the cock in front of me but Frank didn't seem to mind at all.

Finally Paul got balls deep and held me tight to him as he ground against me. Waves of pleasure crashed over me as he began to thrust against me. I began to feel myself nearer and nearer the peak, but having more control I was able to ride the waves.  

When I could handle the sensations no longer I moved off both men and directed Paul into laying back. As I straddled my second man that day I felt excited by the prospect.

Pauls cock slipped in my wet pussy easily and his hands clamped down on my tits. He caught my neck and pulled me down on top of him as he bit and nibbled. I shuddered again when I felt Frank behind me.

Pinned between two men...I could hardly believe how excited I was, how my body responded. I wanted them both to fuck me, as hard as they could, at the same time. From the way I rubbed against them both, they both got the hint. I could feel Pauls cock twitching inside me, making me twitch while he tried to be still. Until I felt the head of Franks cock pressed against my tight asshole, I thought I couldn't get any more excited. I groaned as he fucked my ass super slowly, giving me time to adjust. Time to want more.

I squirmed as he entered deeper, and again when Paul began to move as well. Having both my ass and pussy filled up was quickly going to send me over the edge. Without me even intending to I was backing up against both of them, urging them to give me everything they had. We started moving faster and faster, the room was filled with the sound of groaning and flesh slapping flesh. 

I felt Paul cum first, deep inside me, arching his back and filling me as deeply as I'd ever been filled. That was all it took for me to cum loud and hard, arching my own back and inviting Frank to follow suit. His orgasm was long and felt fabulous deep in my ass.

It was a good day for the dirty housewife.