 Gloria was flying. She had the radio up and was singing and dancing through her house as she did her chores. 

She wondered if she was physically glowing, she was in such a good mood. Yesterday alone, she had had more sex than she had had in the year since her divorce. When she promised her 18-year-old lovers that she would be their sex slave as long as they first went down on each other, she had expected to get laid a fair amount. It had gone way beyond that.

Yesterday, acting as Brian's slutty maid while his parents were out of town, she had given him two blowjobs, a handjob, and a titjob. She had also been fucked in the pussy three times (once by Danny, tag-teaming with one of Brian's blowjobs) and once in the ass. She had slept with a big dildo between her legs, licked cum off of a dining room table, gotten herself off with a feather duster, and let a pizza delivery guy get her close to naked and feel her up. She had done a striptease on video and had posed for tons of naughty photos.

This morning, she and Brian had showered together before she left his house, and she had given him a long blowjob.

She was having orgasms beyond what she had ever had before, despite a long, active sex life. She had never had more than one guy at a time before two and a half weeks ago, and now she couldn't think of a better form of sex. She had all but begged Brian to arrange a gangbang for her. If two guys at once was so amazing, she couldn't wait to try a roomful.

Her cell phone rang. It was Danny.

"Hello, lover," she practically growled into the phone.

"You're in a good mood, Gloria."

"Oh, I am. I got fucked from here to next Tuesday yesterday."

"I was glad to help out," he said.

"Oh, but Danny, something's wrong."

"What's that?" Bless his heart; he sounded concerned.

"I got so used to being extra slutty and heavily fucked that I'm feeling lonely today." She simpered a bit. "Can you come out and play with me?"

"Oh, I can, and I will. And I have a surprise for you."

"Ooh, Danny," she continued in little-girl tone. "I love surprises. Do you want me to dress up for you? Maybe in something a little trashy, a little slutty?"

"Actually, I was thinking that we should do a repeat of Tuesday."

"You want to fuck Brian in front of me again?" She practically bounced up and down.

"Uh, no. I was thinking of the part before that. Where you were sunbathing in the backyard?"

She let out a sigh. Watching them fuck again would have been a dream come true, but she didn't have any bargaining chip now.

"You want to watch me sunbathe in the nude?"

"Yeah. Except we're going to do it a bit differently today." Ha. No doubt. She had lain out in the sun and oiled herself to entice the boys with the prize they'd have if they did her little show. And now the prize was theirs.

"I'll come by in a couple of hours," he said. "Be dressed in that bikini you were wearing and your little silk robe."

* * *

The doorbell rang and Gloria practically skipped to it. She opened it to see Danny standing in a black T-shirt and jeans.

"Well, look at you," he said. She had her silk robe wrapped around herself, but that robe came just below her crotch. It was pulled tight over her 36C breasts.

"Let's see," he said. She smiled and untied the robe. She let it fall open. 

He came forward to stroke her breasts. They were covered, if you could call it that, by the small triangles of her bikini top. Her bikini bottom was equally revealing, and she had done the side ties in big loopy bows. A tug on a string, and the knot would come undone.

He put his hands on her hips and kissed her hard. She could tell his cock was already hard, and she pushed herself against it. Really, it had been a whole six hours or so since she had last had sex. She was ready.

Danny pulled away and said, "Let's go outside." She smiled, turned, and led the way, rolling her hips as much as she could.

Outside, by the lawn chair she had sunned herself on, he grabbed her hand and pulled her around. He pulled her in close and kissed her again. As she sank into his embrace, he reached his hands up to the shoulders of her robe, slid his hands under the thin fabric, and then pulled back and down to drop her robe on the ground.

He kept kissing her and rubbing his hands along her back. As his fingers slid over the knot in her bikini top, he snagged one of the ties and began to slowly pull it. She could hear the fabric sliding against itself, and she felt the sudden change in tension as the knot came undone.

Danny kissed her and caressed her back some more, running his fingers up and down her spine. She moaned into his mouth.

Then he slid his hands up under her soft black curls and found the knot at the base of her neck. Another pull and her top came undone. It was still pressed between them, so he slid his hand down her arm and over her breast until he grabbed one of the triangles. He pulled back a little and tugged the top to the side. He tossed it way.

"Turn around, Gloria," he said in a husky voice. She did as he said and he reached his hands around to knead her bare breasts. She sighed and leaned back into him, lifting her arms up and back to rest her hands on the nape of his neck. She felt him stroke her puffy nipples until they were stiff.

"Why don't you put some suntan lotion on, Gloria?" She sighed as his hands slid down her stomach. She stepped over to the bottle near the chair and bent over from the waist, making sure that he had a good view of her barely covered pussy and ass.

"You want me to get all oily for you, Danny?" He nodded, and she sat down on the lounge chair and squirted some lotion on her hand.

"Why don't you lay back on the chair, Gloria?" She pivoted, placed her feet on the chair, and leaned back. She began rubbing the white lotion all up and down her body. She worked slowly, coating her arms and legs. She grabbed a bit more lotion and began stroking her stomach. She looked at Danny as she moved her hands in circles along her torso, moving them up a bit more and a bit more until they were on her breasts.

She began to knead her tits together. She put another dollop of lotion on her hands and then worked it into her breasts until they were slipping around each other and sliding out of her grasp. Then she finished with her neck and face.

"I'm all slick, Danny," she said. His cock formed a hard line along his jeans.

"Sit up, unbutton my jeans, and suck my dick," he said.

She sprang upright and slid his jeans and underwear down a bit so that she could get to the raging hard-on he was sporting. She dove down onto his cock, enjoying the feel of its length sliding past her lips. She pulled back and slid her tongue around the head.

"Oh, that feels so good, Gloria," said Danny as he began to thrust back and forth slowly. "You just keep that dick in your mouth, and let me push it in as deep as I can."

She sighed in contentment and wrapped her hands around his firm ass. She grabbed his cheeks and then used the leverage to pull his cock even deeper into her mouth. He let out a little moan.

Before long, his thrusts began to speed up and drive deeper. Each thrust got her lips farther down his hard shaft until her lips were pressing against his stomach.

"Do you like this, Gloria?" Danny grunted as he pushed back and forth. "Do you like how my dick feels down your mouth? Yeah? You like the taste, you slut?" She moaned as he got into it. He was fucking her face outright now.

She felt the inevitable tensing and pulled back a little so his head was just past her lips. She stroked his member with her hand and felt the warm liquid shoot into her mouth. She kept working his dick until he was dry, careful not to swallow. She pulled her head back, opened her mouth, and showed him the cum pooled in it. She even gave it a little gargle. Then she clothed her mouth and swallowed loudly.

She lay back on her chair with a sigh. She wondered when Danny would be hard enough again to fuck her pussy.

"Do you worry about people watching you out here, Gloria?"

She opened her eyes against the sun.

"Not really," she said. "I picked this spot with that in mind." She waved her hand to the fence five feet away. "I'm close enough to the Wilsons' fence that someone couldn't see over it unless they were standing right there." She waved to the other side of the house. "The Petersens over there are at the wrong angle to see anything." She pointed to the large red house behind hers and to the left. "The tree there is too dense to make out much on this side."

"What about that one?" asked Danny, pointing to the brown house behind her and to the right.

"The Goldbergs? Maybe from that one window you could see something," she said. "But I've never seen the blinds open on it. Besides, it's pretty high up. You'd have to be eight feet tall or something to look out it."

"Or standing on a chair," he said.

"I suppose. But you know, Danny, it's my yard, and I'll do what I want in it. Besides, I'm not ashamed of my body. If someone wants to get off staring at me, it's no skin off my nose. In fact, it's kind of a hot thought. But don't worry; no one's seeing you fuck me here, if that's what you're worried about."

"Oh, I'm not," he said. "In fact, quite the opposite."

She looked at him quizzically.

"I know Stan Goldberg. He plays -- well, played, I guess, since he graduated with me -- football for my high school."

"Yeah, and when I saw him yesterday, he gave me all kinds of shit because he saw us last week when you were teasing me and Brian. He was putting a light in that room's fixture for his mom, and could just see through the blinds. He was calling me a pussy because I was doing yardwork while you lay there naked."

"But he got a good show anyway. So I told him that things had changed, and that I could fuck you whenever I wanted."

"Now, I don't want you to look up there yet, but I told him to watch today at this time to see that I was being straight with him."

It was all Gloria could do to not turn her head to the right and look up at the window Danny mentioned. She felt her skin flush as she thought of some young man standing up there watching as Danny fucked her. She replayed the last half-hour in her head. Danny's turning her so he could cup her breasts from behind would have given that window a full frontal view. Her seductive lotion application, too, would have been fully visible. Her bobbing head would have been very obvious.

She felt her pussy clench. She loved the thought that someone was getting himself off while watching her act like a total slut. He'd remember that sight for months, she thought. She felt a sudden urge to work on her tan a whole lot more from now on.

"Ready for your surprise, Gloria?" She perked up. Was he going to say what she thought he was going to say? Oh, god, she was ready. She nodded.

"I'm going to wave him and Greg down here in a moment," said Danny with a grin. 

Wait? Two guys had been watching? And she was about to have all three down here with her, wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini bottom? Her pussy started gushing.

"Oh, I didn't mention Greg?" said Danny. "Well, I was with both of them yesterday, so it seemed rude to invite one and not the other."

"Now," said Danny, "I know you'll do whatever I tell you, but I have a little game in mind. I want you to act shy with each command I give you. I want a nice show for my friends, so a little bit of reluctance will work well. I want you to push back a bit with the commands I give you, unless I say 'C'mon, Gloria, you know you want it.' Got it?"

She nodded.

"Good. Now, I want you to act shocked, turn and look at the window, and put your robe back on."

She sat up straight and put one hand over her mouth and the other arm around her tits. She turned her torso to look straight at the window, where the blinds were up now and had two faces at it. Two chairs, she guessed.

She scooted off the chair and over to her robe. She bent over -- giving a nice view of her ass to the voyeurs -- and scooped up her robe. She put it on, pretending to be shaking and embarrassed. Shaking was actually pretty easy as she anticipated the fun she'd soon be having.

Danny pulled up his pants, smiled at her, and then looked at his friends. He beckoned them with a wave and she pretended not to notice.

"Hoo hoo, Gloria, I don't think I've ever seen them move so quickly," said Danny.

"Why don't you kiss me until they get here?" he said. She wrapped her arms around his neck and slid her tongue between his lips, lifting up on her toes as she did. Stan and Greg would get a nice peek at her as they came into the backyard, because her lifted arms had pulled up her robe quite a bit.

About five minutes later, she heard the latch on the gate and waited until it started to open before dropping her kiss with Danny and turning, looking flustered, as the new boys came in. She tugged the hem of her robe down a bit in a vain attempt to look more modest. Of course, the tightened fabric simply showed off her tits more.

"Gloria, meet Stan and Greg. Stan and Greg, meet Gloria."

She looked them over. Stan was tall with a head of tight brown curls. He was handsome, and his football playing showed in his muscular legs. She wondered if he could piston into her harder than Danny and Brian.

Greg was more of an average guy. Thin and bookish, he was clearly not an athlete like his friends. He had brown hair, too, but it was cut short. He wasn't unattractive, she thought.

"Shit," said Stan to Danny. "You were not fucking kidding about her. Man, that whole freak show you all just did? Fucking A, man."

Greg nodded vigorously. "Yeah, Danny. That was pretty amazing."

"See, Gloria," said Danny. "I told you you didn't have to be embarrassed. These guys were clearly impressed."

"What did you think of her body, eh?" said Danny to his friends. "Pretty awesome, yeah?"

"Aw, man," said Stan. "Those fucking tits are like melons. Man, watching her put that lotion all over them? I thought I was going to fucking pass out."

"See, Gloria? They've already seen your tits, so you don't need to wear the robe."

She pulled the top a little closer, which of course lifted the hem a bit. "I- I- don't know, Danny," she said with a fake tremor. "Knowing they were watching us is embarrassing enough, but to have them right here as I'm topless? I don't know."

"It's like Danny said," said Greg. "We've already seen them. We just want to see if they're as amazing close up as they are from far away." Flattery will get you everywhere, she thought.

"I just don't know," she said. "One topless girl with three clothed guys? It'd feel too slutty."

"Don't worry, honey," said Danny. "We won't think less of you for it. What if Stan and Greg and I took our shirts off? Then we'd be even."

She pretended to think for a moment and then nodded without speaking. She hoped the downturned eyes looked sufficiently timid. She could not wait to have these guys naked around her.

"What do you think, guys? Seem fair?" Stan and Greg nodded, and the three boys took off their shirts, exposing naked chests and stomachs all around. Stan was ripped, she thought. Even more than her water polo-playing lovers. Greg was mostly just thin but not scrawny.

"See?" said Danny. "Now we're all even. So why don't you join us? C'mon, Gloria, you know you want it."

She put her hands down to the loose knot of the sash around her robe and pretended to fumble with it. She drew the knot out slowly, looking at Stan and Greg in turn. Their eyes were locked on her chest. She took a deep breath, pretending to be nervous, and then pulled open her robe and shrugged it off of her shoulders, letting it pool on the ground.

She stood, wearing nothing but a skimpy bikini bottom, in front of the three young men. Stan and Greg had their mouths open in awe. 

"Turn around, Gloria," said Danny. "Let them see the whole package." He nodded at her subtly, and she did as he asked.

Stan let out a low whistle. "Holy fucking shit, Gloria. You are smoking hot. Those tits are incredible."

"And you should feel them," said Danny. "How about it, Gloria? Why don't you let Stan feel how incredible your tits are."

She shook her head and covered her breasts with her arms. "I think that's going too far. Looking is one thing, but touching? I don't think I want to do that. This feels a little slutty already."

"Aw, please, Gloria?" said Stan with a plaintive note. "I'll be real gentle, I promise. I've just never seen tits that amazing. I want to know what they feel like."

"I don't know, Stan. You running your hands over me? I mean, I'm practically naked. I don't want things to go too far." She hoped that sounded sincere. She didn't want them to hear the false note in her voice. This wasn't a bad porno.

"C'mon, Gloria," said Danny. "You know you want it."

She let out a heavy sigh. "Okay, one little feel for each of you. But nothing more than that!"

Stan stepped over to her and began feeling her tits. He cupped each one in his hands and stroked her nipples with his thumbs. God, she wanted him on top of her. She wanted to feel his dick deep in her pussy. When was Danny going to let her loose?

"Fucking A, Danny," he said as he continued to knead her breasts. "Fucking A. These are amazing."

"Hey, let me feel them, too," said Greg. "She said we'd all get a turn."

Stan stepped away grudgingly and Greg stepped up. He put his long-fingered hands on her breasts and began squeezing. Her nipples poked out between his fingers. She closed her eyes as he worked her over until she felt him shift a moment.

She opened her eyes just as his tongue slid on to her nipple.

"Okay, okay," she said. "I only promised a feel. No sucking, please."

Greg pulled back a bit. 

"Yeah, guys," said Danny, "do what she says. Take it easy on her. If we go too fast, we'll never get her where we want her." Oh, god, she thought. When? When would she get there?

"Well, if we can only look," said Stan. "Can't we see the whole thing?" He was looking at her with hunger in his eyes. 

"Gloria?" asked Danny. "How about it? Stan and I have already seen you naked."

"No, I think that's too far," she said. She covered her breasts again.

"Okay, Gloria," he said. "Guys, you heard what the lady said. Let's just take things nice and slow, and maybe she'll feel less nervous. Can they feel you up some more?" He nodded again, subtly.

"Okay," she relented. "But hands have to stay above the bikini."

"Aw, man," said Stan. "I'm going to get fucking blue balls if I can't get more than that. Can't we at least suck those big titties?"

"Gloria? That seems fair, doesn't it? They can kiss you, right? And a kiss on the breast is mostly the same as a kiss on the lips, right? C'mon Gloria, you know you want it."

"Okay, guys," she said. "Mouths and hands are okay, but everything stays above my clothes."

She dropped her arms, and Stan and Greg moved forward as one. Greg had his mouth on her left tit in moments, and Stan kneaded her right tit as he made out with her.

The two mouths and four hands working her over were making her head spin. She stole a glance at Danny and saw him smiling as his friends rubbed her up and down and sucked on her tits. She smiled back at him.

"Do you like this, Gloria?" asked Stan. "Feels nice, doesn't it? Just think how nice it would feel if you were naked." He was a bit clumsy with the seduction, but he was probably hard as hell. And he was only 18.

"Actually, Stan," she said, "your guys' jeans rubbing against me is a bit distracting. Buttons, zippers, rough fabric. Maybe you should just take them off."

Stan and Greg both pulled back a bit. "You sure?" asked Greg.

"Yeah, it'll be fine. Just keep your underwear on." For the moment, anyway, she thought.
