 The day that my divorce became final, I decided to celebrate the best way I knew how. I went out drinking with some old friends that my ex had driven away, to the old neighborhood that she had moved us out of.

We started out by going to dinner, at a restaurant/bar that was now owned by another old friend of ours, and then we headed out to hit the bars. Fortunately, there were still a couple of bars that catered to the not-so-young crowd, as we are all in our mid 40's. 

As the night progressed, one by one, my friends started dropping off, until there was only two of us left, myself and my old drinking buddy, Gary. At that point, we decided to hit one more place, a place that was a true drinkers bar, not a meet market, or a dance club. As soon as we walked in, I recognized the bartender, an old childhood buddy. As we were catching up, and I told him why we were out celebrating, he laughed, and said that maybe it was my lucky day. He said that in the back bar, there was a group of women, who were celebrating another divorce, and the divorcee was hot. 

Well, I didn't need any more encouragement, and headed off to the back room with my one remaining friend in tow. When we walked in the back room, I quickly noticed that the only people back there was a group of four women, and I recognized two of them. One was an old girlfriend, Dee, and the other was her best friend, Cindy. The first thing that I did was walk up to the back bar and order a round for the women, and for Gary and myself.

With a tray full of drinks, we walked up to the women, and introduced ourselves. Dee looked like she was going to freak out when she saw me, and even Cindy looked happy. Dee jumped up out of her seat and gave me a hug that damn near forced all of the air out of my lungs. The whole reason that Dee and I stopped dating was our age difference, and her parents objection because of it. At that time , I was 21, and she was 16, so I guess that I could see their point. I had always gotten the impression back then that Cindy liked me, too, because of the way that she used to look at me, and giggle.

While Dee was hugging me, I immediately had flashbacks to when we were dating, and especially when we were alone. I remembered that Dee had not only a large pair of tits, but for their size (easily a C or D cup), they were extremely firm! The first time that I got her naked, she wasn't even wearing a bra, and there was no sag at all! I started wondering how they had held up over the years. The best news was that Dee was the new divorcee!

After the first drink, one of the women announced that she was going home, so that just left Dee, Cindy, their other friend Kat, and Gary and myself. Gary and Kat were hitting it off rather nicely, and I was enjoying the attention of both Dee and Cindy. I could tell that the women had been there for a while, as all three were starting to slur their words a little, and they were all laughing a little too much at our bad jokes. Dee and I were catching up, with Cindy joining in, when a slow song came up on the juke box.

Dee immediately jumped up and said " I love this song. Dance with me!" and pulled me up. As we hit the dance floor, I saw that Gary and Kat were also dancing, leaving Cindy alone at the table.

While we were dancing, Dee pulled herself tight to my body, and I could feel her big tits pressed up against my chest. She laid her head on my shoulder, and we danced a while. Then she straightened up, and she looked me in the eye and said "You do know that you were my first, don  t you?" 

"Of course I remember that." I told her. "I would also like to be your next." With that she gave me a big smile, and pulled back in tight. I knew that she had to feel my hardening cock against her belly, but she didn't seem to mind.

"As long as that dick of yours is as big as I remember. My ex was tiny, especially compared to you, and he could never last more than five minutes." 

After the song was over, another slow song came on, and Dee pulled away and told me that I should dance with Cindy. I asked if that was really a good idea, considering my condition, and she just smiled and said "That's WHY I think it would be a good idea. You know that she always had the hots for you." 

Well, what was I supposed to do? I walked up to Cindy, too her hand and said "C' mon. Let's dance." When we got onto the dance floor, Cindy looked at me and said "You really don't have to dance with me, you know." 

"I know" I replied. "I WANT to dance with you. So hold on, and let's dance." 

As I pulled her in tight, she was rubbing up against my re-hardening cock, and she sighed as she moved around until she found a spot where my cock was hitting the right spot on her body. I have to admit that Cindy was quite a different feel in my arms than Dee was. Dee has a more round, voluptuous, full body, where Cindy is short and petite, with small breasts. Dee was much more outgoing, where Cindy was the quiet, mousy type. While we were dancing, my hand was rubbing her back, and I could feel, and hear, her sigh and pull in even closer. What I couldn't feel was a bra strap. 

While we were dancing, we started talking a little, and I knew she was drunk when she admitted to me that she was jealous of Dee because I took Dee's virginity. She told me that her first time was too short, and that she had never had an orgasm with a man. It took me a second to realize what she had just said, so I looked at her and asked what she meant by never having one with a MAN. She blushed, looked over my shoulder at Dee, and smiled.

AT that point, my cock got even harder that it already was, and Cindy just purred as it was pushing against the mound just above her crotch. I let my hand slide down to just above her ass, and pulled her in even closer, and she almost started humping against me on the dance floor. 

At about that time, the slow songs ended, and Gary (I had forgotten has was there!) came up to me and told me that I was on my own for the night, that he and Kat were leaving together. I told him that I didn't think that would be a problem, and he laughed.

When I got back to the table, Dee and Cindy were talking, and Cindy looked like she was blushing. "Cindy told me that she REALLY enjoyed dancing with you!" Dee said. 

"I think we both enjoyed that" I replied., and Cindy blushed even more. 

"She also told me something very interesting" I told Dee.

Cindy gasped out loud, and Dee chuckled. "Yeah, she can be a little chatterbox when she drinks" she said. 

As I was offering to buy another round, Dee said "Why don't we go to our place and have another drink, instead."

"Our place?" I asked. 

"Yes, after I became separated, I moved in with Cindy. We're roomies." Dee told me. Now my imagination was starting to go wild, and I said "Well, why don't we." , and we left.

Fortunately, their apartment was only around the corner from the bar, but I enjoyed every step of the walk. I had my arm around both women, and my hands were squeezing both asses while we walked. Quite a contrast. Dee's ass isn't fat by any means, but it is quite meaty. Cindy's on the other hand, is small and tight. I also realized that Cindy either wasn't wearing any panties, or she was wearing a thong, because I couldn't feel anything but her skirt. Dee was wearing a heavier pair of pants, so I really couldn't tell what she might have on.

When we finally got to the apartment, Cindy went to the bathroom, and Dee and I went into the kitchen to make a couple of drinks. "You're the old bartender, earn your keep" Dee teased, as she led me back there. 

As I was pouring, Dee came up behind me and started rubbing her hands on my chest from behind me, while pushing those big tits against my back. "Oooh, I see somebody still works out" , she said. When I was done pouring, I turned, still in her arms, and started kissing her. That was a hot, wet, intense kiss! 

When we heard the bathroom door open, I tried to pull away, but Dee was having none of that. "Trust me, Cindy isn't going to mind" she said, and pulled my lips back to hers. 

I heard Cindy walk in, chuckle, and ask Dee "You just couldn't wait, could you?" 

"Nope" Dee replied..

"Well, ladies, if you'll excuse me , now I need to use the bathroom." I told them. 

Dee said that she would grab our drinks, and that when I was done, I should meet them in the front room.

When I was done, I splashed some cold water on my face, and looked at myself in the mirror. "What in the hell did you get yourself into?" I asked my reflection. I dried off, and went into the front room, where I saw Dee and Cindy locked in an embrace, tongue wrestling. 

"You just couldn't wait, could you?" I joked. 

Both women looked at me and replied, at the same time "Nope." That made all three of us laugh.

"You're welcome to join us, if you'd like" Dee said. "Better yet, why don't you take my place for right now, while I go to the bathroom." 

I sat down next to Cindy and said "You don't have to do this, you know." 

"I know that." She answered. "I WANT to." 

With that, I gently pulled her in and started kissing her. We started getting hotter with our kisses, and my hands were sliding all over her body outside of her dress. She started moaning, and I realized that Dee had been gone for a while, when I heard her say "When she's been drinking, her nipples get real sensitive.", and Cindy moaned even louder.

I looked at the doorway where Dee was standing, and I saw her in a baby-doll negligee, in a green color that really set off her eyes. She also had one hand inside of it, stroking her pussy.

"You're welcome to join us, you know" I said, and she echoed my earlier reply. 

"I know. I just want to watch you two right now." 

Cindy and I started kissing again, and she was getting even hotter that before. I could tell that she was looking at Dee every once and a while, and that seemed to get her even hotter.

I started to rub her nipples through her dress, and she just melted into my arms. I slowly started to un-do the zipper on the back of her little dress, and slowly removed the dress from her shoulders, kissing her newly bared flesh as I went.

When I got to her nipples, I gave the first one a kiss, and she gasped so loud that I knew Dee heard it. While I was kissing and licking her hard nipples, I marveled at how physically different from Dee she was. Her tits were small, B cups at best, but her nipples stuck out almost a full inch. I kept sucking and licking on them while my hand went down to her leg, and started stroking her thigh. I slid my hand up under her skirt, and reached her pussy.

She was dripping wet, and hairless! I made my finger stroke her wetness, and gently tease her opening. "She really likes her nipples nibbled on while you play with her pussy." Dee told me, and I looked over at her. She was sitting on the love seat, playing with her own tits (They STILL had very little sag to them!), and fingering her pussy.

I slid just the tip of my finger into Cindy's wet pussy, and I started gently nibbling and chewing on her hard nipples. This really set her off, and she stiffened, and started to shake a little, holding my head in tight to one nipple, and with the other hand, forced my finger deeper in to her pussy. 

When she stopped, I told her to stand up, so I could remove her dress completely. She stood, and the dress just slid down over her hips, and pooled around her feet. She looked like a hot little teen-ager, especially with her bald pussy, even though she was in her late 30's.

"I don't think it's fair, or polite that he still has his clothes on." Dee said. 

Cindy knelt down and started to remove my pants. When I started to unbutton my shirt, Dee came over, slapped my hand, and said that was her job. So, I just sat back and let the ladies do what ever they felt needed doing!

Cindy pulled down my pants, and pulled them over my feet, the whole time staring at the bulge in my shorts. "Nice!" she whispered, as she stroked my cock through my underwear. 

"Well, are you going to take those off of him?" Dee asked, and Cindy grabbed the waistband, and pulled them down and off.

Cindy gasped, again, and said "Oh, wow!"

Dee stopped nibbling on my nipples and said, "Yep. Just the way I remember it. Thick and juicy!" 

Then Dee got up and pushed Cindy's head toward my cock, and finished removing my shirt. "Cindy is great with a clit. Let's see how she is with a cock" Dee whispered in my ear. All I could think was that if Cindy was anywhere near as good with a clit as she was with my cock, Dee must be VERY happy!. 

After watching Cindy bob up and down on my cock for a couple of minutes, Dee got up and walked behind Cindy, knelt down, and started playing with Cindy's nipples. Feeling her moan with my cock in her mouth was an incredible feeling, almost enough to make me cum.

While she was squeezing Cindy's tits, Dee leaned over and whispered something into her ear. Cindy started to take me as deep as she could, and Dee started playing with Cindy's pussy, which made he go even deeper. I could feel Cindy squirm as Dee was fingering her pussy, and Cindy did what no one ever had before. She managed to take me all the way into her throat!

"Oh my God, is that HOT!" Dee said softly, then she quit fingering Cindy"s pussy, lay on her back on the floor, and I saw Cindy move her hips up as Dee slid underneath her, pulling Cindy's pussy down to her face. 

Dee must have been doing a hell of a job, because Cindy started shaking again after just a minute or so, and I could tell she was cumming again. She took my cock all the way down her throat as she exploded all over Dee's face, and then just pulled back, panting like she'd just run a marathon.

"OK, if you're done with this, it's my turn", Dee said as she moved Cindy out of the way and started sucking and licking my cock. 

Eventually, Cindy recovered and got behind Dee and started playing with her big tits. Dee has some of the biggest aureola I have ever had the pleasure to meet, and I remembered how sensitive they were as Cindy started working on them. 

Dee was trying to match what Cindy had done to my cock, but she knew that she wouldn't be able to deep throat me, so she kept sucking, and bobbing on it. 

Cindy then paid Dee back by sliding underneath her, and licking on her clit while Dee sucked me off. It didn't take Dee long to get off, and I knew that it was time for me to fuck someone.

"I need to bury this deep inside something hot and wet." I said, as I held my hard, stiff cock in my hand. 

Dee was just recovering from her orgasm, and told Cindy to take me into the bedroom, and that she'd be there when she had the energy. Cindy just smiled and said "OK!" as she stood up, grabbed a hold of my cock, and led me toward one of the bedroom.

She led me to the bed, pushed me down onto it, and said "I've wanted to feel this inside me ever since the first time I saw it ...20 years ago." 

"Huh? 20 years ago?" I asked her.

"Yeah, I was hiding in Dee's closet one time when you were fucking her." she told me. 

"Now lay down. I'm going to fuck you, but I want to ease this monster into me." 

"Well, OK" I joked. I laid down, and Cindy straddled me, took my cock in her hand, and started to lower her pussy onto it. 

"Holy shit" I said, as I felt her tight little pussy slide down on my cock. 

"Yeah, I've never had one this big before. Even Dee's dildo doesn't fill me like this!" Cindy said, as she started to ride on my cock. After a couple of minutes rubbing her clit on me, she started to shake, and said "I can't do this anymore. I want you on top." She got off, and lay down with her legs spread wide.

Before I could climb on, though, Dee jumped in and started licking Cindy's pussy. Well, with Dee's ass sticking out like that, I got behind her, held on to her hips, and still slick with Cindy's juices, slid my cock into her pussy from behind.

"Hey, I wasn't done with that!" Cindy said.

"Don't worry, you can have him back in a second, I just wanted a quick taste first" Dee told her. 

After Dee was done licking Cindy's bald, wet pussy, she sat back, grabbed my cock and aimed it at Cindy's pussy. Then she got behind me, put her hands on my ass, and pushed me in to Cindy. From this position, Cindy was even tighter than she was when she was on top of me.

While I was fucking Cindy like this, Dee started playing with Cindy's pert little tits, and squeezing her nipples.

Eventually, Dee climbed on top of Cindy, in a 69, and started licking Cindy's clit while I fucked Cindy, and Cindy was licking Dee's pussy.

I knew that I had to fuck Dee soon, before I came, so I pulled out of Cindy, climbed behind Dee, and slid my cock into her wet hole. While I was fucking Dee, she kept licking Cindy, and Cindy alternated between licking and sucking on Dee's clit, and licking my balls and the underside of my cock as I was sliding on the out stroke.

Then, Dee surprised the hell out of me. She pulled her face out of Cindy's crotch, turned her head, and told me "Put it in my ass! I want you to fuck me in the ass! NOW!" So I pulled my cock all the way out of her hot, wet pussy, and placed the head of my cock at her asshole.

I pushed my dick into her ass, still covered with her juices, and it slid in easier than I thought it would. Obviously, she had done this before. "Oh, yes! I feel so full!" Dee cried out.

"Fuck my ass! Fuck me!" As I was sliding my cock into her tight asshole, I felt Cindy slide a finger into Dee's pussy, and she kept licking and sucking on Dee's clit.

"Oh shit!Oh, fuck! Yess! Yess!!!" Dee kept yelling .At this point, I knew that I wasn't going to last too much longer, and I told Dee that I was going to cum soon. "Oh yeah! Fuck my ass!Cum in my ass!!" she told me.

I grabbed Dee's hips and slammed my dick all the way into her ass as I felt myself start to cum, which triggered Dee's loudest orgasm, which set of Cindy's orgasm.

When I was done cumming, I pulled out and collapsed on the bed. Dee fell forward and rolled off of Cindy. We all lay there panting, trying to catch out breath.

The next morning, as I was starting to wake up, I felt the bed moving, and heard a moan. As I was eventually able to open my eyes, I saw Cindy with her ass up in the air, and her face in between Dee's legs. Unfortunately, my cock felt too raw at that point, so I went into the bathroom, washed my cock off, and went back into the bedroom just in time to see Dee get off from Cindy's tongue work.