 Continues from Chapter one - The discipline of Art. 

******

Ellie was desperate to be home, and walking quickly she was pleased as the house came into view. She had barely survived the day. The day had been filled with lectures, and for some reason every teacher wanted a word with her afterwards, or she bumped into some one who hadn't seen her in ages and just wanted to have a quick word. The feeling of not wearing any panties and the prospect of Mondays 'tutorial' with the professor had only kept her wet throughout the day. She was desperate to be alone in her room so that she could finally find some relief herself. And home was finally in sight and she was hoping that she could shut herself in her room, and ignore everyone. She rushed into the house, and she stood in the living room for a moment, letting the silence of the house wash over her and she breathed a sigh of relief. She hurried up the stairs towards her room and immediately her relief was cut short.

'There you, I wanted to say goodbye before I left, are you okay you seemed in a funny mood earlier?'

Ellie bit back a moan of frustration as Amy stood before her on the upstairs landing.

'Fine, just preoccupied with studying and stuff.' Ellie looked at Amy, making sure that her roommate could find further reason to question her on her day, when she spotted a bag in her hand. 'You going to the gym?'

'With the workouts Rob gives me! No, I'm going home for the weekend, my Dad's birthday. Rob's going to stay here in my room whilst I'm away for the weekend though.'

'Oh.' Ellie looked towards Rob, who had just that moment appeared in the doorway of Amy's room.

'Yeh,' Rob replied, 'My roommates girlfriend is coming for the weekend, and you know what its like, two people desperate for sex, in all rooms of the house, they hardly need me there acting like a spare wheel.'

Ellie blushed at his slightly flirtatious tone, and hadn't missed his raised eyebrow at the mention of desperate sex.

'Stop it Rob, you're embarrassing Ellie.' Amy laughed and then grabbed him, kissed him hard, before patting him on the arse. 'Right I best be off, see you on Monday.'

'Have a great time, darling.' Rob said, in tones that Ellie still thought were mocking her, she pressed closer to the landing wall to let Amy and Rob pass, muttering well wishes to Amy.

Ellie hadn't missed the hand that brushed against her, cupping her bottom briefly as Rob passed following Amy downstairs. She hurried into her bedroom, cursing the lack of lock on her bedroom door, hoping that Amy and Rob would take a few minutes saying goodbye, she opened the door and was about to enter the bathroom, the only room that locked, when the footsteps on the stairs halted her.

'Amy told me I better take care of you this weekend, do you think I should. 'Rob walked towards her, the hungry gaze of a predator upon her, she didn't respond.

'She also told me that Prof Grayson held you back - I do hope you haven't been a bad girl!'He may have been laughing, but Ellie blushed furiously the mere mention of the Prof made her remember just how good his telling off had been.

Ellie was only aware that Rob had walked her backwards into the bathroom when she backed into the vanity sink unit. Rob was still staring intently at her, making her nipples peak and flushing her skin.

'Have you enjoyed the day then...do you need me to finally finish you off...' Rob kissed her hard as he started pulling up her skirt his long fingers running over her thighs.

As he continued his run upwards Ellie suddenly remembered that the Professor still had her underwear and the balls! What the hell was she going to say to Rob? She tried to push him away before he found the truth.

'No, no, no Ellie, I can tell you need this as much as I want this.'

'I don't Rob...' Ellie tried to sound pleading but it was hard when her breathing was already quite laboured from Robs wandering hands. He only arched an eyebrow at her, clearly disbelieving her statement as well.

He was quickly back pressing against her, kissing her furiously pushing his tongue in and out of her mouth in clear imitation of what he was hoping to do to her later, and Ellie was distracted enough that when she fell his fingers and mouth still she realised that one hand was running over her pussy - without any barriers.

'Where the hell is your underwear and the ben-wai balls Ellie!'

Ellie could hardly tell the truth so she started lying furiously in the hope that Rob would believe her. 'I had to take the balls out Rob, they were drying me crazy and I needed to wrap them in something so I used my underwear.' That had sounded alright to her, but Rob marched out of the bathroom, into her bedroom and then out again.

'Where is your bag?'

''My bag?'

'Well if you took them out, surely you put them into your bag?'

Damm, she had left her satchel downstairs as she came in and Rob must have also spotted it as he quickly ran downstairs and started going through her things.

'Ellie, they aren't here.'

'Rob! What does it matter?'

'It matters because I told you to not take them out and yet you did' He roared the last part of the sentence at her and Ellie was shocked by how angry he was - and at how she was slightly turned on by his outburst.

'Have you fucked someone else Ellie? Is that why they aren't here? Couldn't you even wait till this afternoon?'

Ellie felt her face flame as Rob had only guessed too clearly what she had been up to.

'That does it... Bend over the sofa arm right now Ellie.'

'What don't be daft Rob!' Ellie still couldn't believe how angry Rob was at her.

Rob grabbed her elbow and pulled her towards the leather sofa and forced her to bend over the arm of the sofa.

'God damm it Ellie, how could you fuck someone else when I thought I had made it clear that you were meant to be taken care of by me!'

Ellie was still trying to work out how much the situation had changed and what she could say to make Rob calm down when he felt her skirt being raised once more, and that a fierce sharp sting as Rob slapped her hard on her ass.

'Rob! What are you doing?'

'Trying to show you some well needed discipline.' and he continued slapping her, counting out aloud the strokes he was metering out.

By stroke 7 Ellie's ass was looking quite red, and Rob knew he had found an ideal candidate when her shrieks of annoyance and pain, started to turn to ones of pleasure instead. He slipped his hand between her legs and wasn't disappointed to find Ellie was wet.

'You really are a little slut aren't you, here I am trying to teach you some basic discipline and you're getting turned on by it!'

Before Ellie could even think of a reply to Rob, he resumed slapping her ass, counting out loud the last three strokes.

By now her ass was stinging like hell, but she couldn't deny that Rob had made her so wet, she was so incredibly turned on by his punishment of her. She started to lift herself off from the sofa arm but quickly felt Rob's hand between her shoulder blades pushing her back onto the sofa again.

'Ellie, you really don't want to try my patience, you stay there until I tell you otherwise.' With that he slapped her hard on the ass again.

'Ouch Rob! You can't just order me around like this, I have work to do...'

'You're such a liar Ellie; I can tell you like me ordering you around, a lot!' He added with a harsh laugh. 'You can stay like that until I am ready to teach you some more - unless you want to be spanked by something harder than just my hand...' Rob fingered the heavy leather belt he wore around his waist, letting his meaning be understood by Ellie, and her wide-eyed expression told him, she had fully understood his threat.

*******

Ellie didn't know how long she had been resting over the sofa arm, but Rob was simply going about as if she wasn't even there. She had heard him opened the fridge and get a beer out, and now he was just watching football on the television. She didn't know whether to be more annoyed with Rob that he had left her here or that he had hit upon a point she hadn't really realised until then. She couldn't deny that he had been so right when he was telling her what do - she had loved it, but she also was still so turned on, the day had been so weird but she was desperate for Rob to finally fuck her like she wanted. Just the thought of Rob finally fucking her was making her wet and with her skin exposed she could feel the wetness from her pussy. She started moving slowing against the sofa; there was a seam of material that could just rub her clit if she moved forward slightly. God! That was working, she moved forward and backwards some more, but she had forgotten the noise that leather made as you shifted until the material let out a sound and at once Rob was aware of what she most have been doing.

'Ellie, you really have reached new heights fucking the sofa arm!'

She could feel her cheeks blush immediately as he looked at her with such a grin. 'Rob, please let me move.'

'Why? Is there something you want to do instead?' Rob simply moved his own hand over the ever increasing tent in his jeans.

'Yes...' Ellie couldn't believe the pleading whimper in her voice as she remembered just how large Rob was.

Rob started walking towards Ellie still rubbing the front of his own jeans, whilst she could only watch his actions, hoping that she would finally to be able to get a hold of Rob herself. As he stood next to Ellie she raised her own hand up, propping herself up from the sofa seat slightly and reached out towards Robs covered erection, she was only able to touch him a few times before the doorbell rang.

Rob moved away from her, and Ellie stood up quickly - wincing as her skirt brushed over her slightly sore skin and made to go into the kitchen.

'Where do you think you are going Ellie? You stay there until I say so.'

'But there is someone at the door!' Ellie couldn't believe Rob was arguing with her, the front door opened straight into the living room, and she was quite sure that whoever was at the door wasn't going to miss her if she was still living over the sofa arm!

'Don't argue Ellie, you should have behaved yourself properly earlier - now do as I say.' The door bell rang once again and Ellie continued to move towards the kitchen, not willing to exhibit herself to just anyone.

She felt herself grabbed from behind though and carried back towards the sofa, Rob firmly re-arranging her back where she had been, and she continued to try and struggle but gave up in shock when Rob shouted out 'Come in - door's open'

It certainly was a lovely surprising walking in and finding Rob pinning Ellie over the sofa arm. He took in the struggle that must have been occurring whilst he was waiting on the doorstep, and he laughed aloud as he saw that Ellie had clearly been spanked as well. She definitely needed more tutoring!

'Rob I see you were correct in telling me she needed some discipline'

Ellie froze as she recognised the visitors' voice so clearly. My god it was her art Professor - what the hell was he doing here?

'Sam, sorry I was trying to discipline her, but as you can she, she definitely needs more training.'

It took Ellie a moment to realise that Rob knew Prof. Grayson, clearly well enough to know his first name, and wondered what the hell was going on. Rob had stopped pressing her over the sofa, but she daren't move just yet, unsure at what exactly was going on.

'I am quite sure Miss Brown needs more training, but she does seem to have a fondness for exposing her pretty ass to all! Don't worry Rob; I've already had to discipline Ellie once myself today already and I'm sure you could do with a hand tonight.'

'Stand up Miss Brown'

Ellie stood cautiously still not quite believing that both Rob and Sam must be in this little game together.

'Look at me Miss Brown'

She looked up to find both Sam and Rob looking back at her with slightly excited smiles on their faces.

'Oh Rob, I believe I have some things of yours...' With that Sam held out both Ellie's underwear and the Ben-wai balls from earlier.

'So that's were they went! I didn't think you were going to sample her already?' Rob didn't sound annoyed at this, more amused which caused Ellie some confusion as she continued to look to both of them to try and work out just what was happening.

'I didn't plan on it, but it was certainly a nice surprise with the ben-wai balls. She was as horny as a bitch in heat when I took her in my classroom.' Both men laughed aloud at Sam's statement.

Ellie blushed to her herself being described this way, but she couldn't stop the feeling of horniness that was still present.

'What do you say then Miss Brown, do you still need discipline, I know your grades would certainly benefit from a more firm hold on your learning, and I'm sure with Rob being a teachers aid he can assist me in training you up.'

'What do you mean?' Ellie wasn't at all clear at just who was in charge here and what they were clearly offering.

'My, my, you do need to listen more carefully Miss Brown - it is all quite simple: Not only do you have a need to improve your grades, but you certainly didn't seem adverse to both myself and Rob's mastering of you. Therefore we can offer an exchange, you agree to abide by your new master's rules and keep everyone happy and your grades will improve accordingly.'

'Is it going to be just you or Rob as well?' Ellie couldn't believe she was actually asking further questions of them both, but the prospect didn't fill her with horror it only sounded more exciting the more Sam had described it.

'Oh Rob, is going to assist as well, how can a teacher's aid hope to learn everything without a bit of practical experience.'

Ellie needed a moment to think about things, she wanted to do well in class, and she couldn't deny that she had enjoyed this morning with both Rob and Sam, but she hadn't considered that she would ever face herself in this situation before - it was actually quite exciting ... 'okay...yes.' There she had done it, it may have been uttered quietly but she was sure that both men had heard correctly as they both grinned at her with a sense of triumphant.

*******

'Well then, Miss Brown there are only two rules for you to remember. One, you have to call me Sir, Rob has not yet earned that title yet, but maybe he can learn that status on you...' Both men smiled at each other, and Ellie shivered slightly as their clear delight in have a practical teaching tool in herself. 'Second rule, you obey what we ask you to do, completely otherwise you will be disciplined accordingly. And I could see from your red ass that Rob has already had case to teach you some discipline already! Do you understand these rules?'

'Yes, Sir.'

'Good, good.' Sam walked over to her and kissed her forcibly and deeply, Ellie moaned into his mouth as he slipped his hand under her skirt and inserted his finger into her pussy.

'We certainly have an eager one here Rob! Now since I've already had a sample of Ellie's delights today I think it's only fair that Rob gets a chance as well, don't you think.'

Ellie daren't look at Rob, she so wanted him to fuck her, but she had no idea what Sam had planned. Was he expecting her to perform in front of him!?'

'An answer is expected Ellie.' Sam held her chin upwards so she couldn't escape his scrutiny. 'Do you want Rob to fuck you?' He said the words quietly, but there was no disguising the underlying erotic tone.

Ellie nodded her head, and Sam raised his eyebrow expecting more so she quickly answered 'Yes...Sir.'

'Good, good, you are beginning to learn your place.'

Sam wandered over to the sofa and sat down, in eager anticipation of watching both Rob and Ellie.

'Now Rob I think you've earned a rest as well, come and join me on the sofa - once you're disrobed naturally.'

Rob quickly stripped in front of Ellie, and she quickly looked down at him, and nearly moaned as his erection was just as large as she had remembered from this morning.

'He is a nice specimen isn't he?' Sam laughed as he had noticed Ellie looking at Rob. As Rob sat next to Sam, Sam reached over and stroked Rob's erection slowly eliciting a harsh moan from Rob. 'Nice and thick as well.'

Ellie was surprised by both Sam's and Rob's intimacy she hadn't expected Rob to be interested in any male attention, but he was clearly used to Sam's company and she wondered how many times they had 'played' together, as Rob also reached over to Sam's crotch, unzipped his trousers and was stroking Sam's cock.

Ellie was transfixed by watching both men, rubbing each other and wasn't surprised when Rob leaned over and kissed Sam deeply almost re-affirming the intimacy that Ellie had by now guessed.

'Rob, Rob, slow down, you're forgetting our new project after all, we wouldn't want her to feel left out.' Sam laughed, and withdrew his hand from Rob's cock, but didn't comment on the fact that Rob was still rubbing his own erection.

'Now Ellie, come and kneel in front of Rob.'

Rob spread his legs a bit wider so she could kneel directly between his legs. 'Sit up a little straighter otherwise you wouldn't be able to taste what Rob has to offer you.'

Ellie could hardly look at the two men, she was both embarrassed and aroused by this turn of events. She had never dreamed that she would be able to suck a man's cock whilst another looked one and was giving instructions, but she groaned in relief and licked her lips when Sam ordered her 'Now, you may begin Ellie.'

She leaned forward over the edge of the sofa until her lips where moments away from touching Rob's large erection. She couldn't help but lightly lick his tip as a drop of precum escaped. Once she had licked him, and Rob moaned in response, she eagerly took the rest of him in her mouth, enjoy his thick and pulsing cock, she hadn't been told to, but she couldn't help but reach up and stroke Rob's balls at the same time, rolling them in her palm whilst moving up and downwards on Rob's cock. She was enjoying herself, and it was clear that Rob was too, and he had stopped rubbing Sam whilst he concentrated on moving his own hips in rhythm with Ellie's licks.

Sam stood up from the sofa, and quickly shed his clothing, knowing that things would be moving on to the next level all too soon. Though the sight of his eager student between Rob's legs was quite a sight, she was taking him so hungrily that he was afraid that Rob wouldn't be able to hold on much longer.

'Ellie, you can stop now. Ellie! Stop, you don't want Rob wearing himself out, just yet do you?'

Ellie stopped in reluctant and knelt backwards until her ass was resting on her feet. She looked up and was amused to see Rob, panting quite rapidly in front of her, as Sam had clearly stopped him just before he was about to cum.

'Stand up for a moment again, Ellie, whilst Rob can take a moment to relax on the sofa.'

Rob was for once grateful for the interruption, he didn't want to cum too quickly without having a chance to fuck Ellie's pussy first. He lay down length wards on the sofa, and noticed Sam's quick smile as Rob was laid flat out along the sofa, resting like a roman emperor waiting to be serviced - and he certainly would be soon.

'Now since, both me and Rob are naked, I would definitely recommend you were also.' Sam never gave Ellie a chance to respond before he quickly lifted her top off and roughly over her head. 'Miss Brown, what a lovely chest you have, you certainly shouldn't be keeping your breasts hidden away like this.' Sam reached around and flicked the bra strap together in a well practised move that released the bra closure and he knocked Ellie's hands away as she instinctively went to cover herself.

'No, no Ellie, no time for modesty here.' Sam leaned over and joined his mouth to his hands which were eagerly touching and holding the weight of her size 34D breasts. He pulled the tip of one of her breasts between his teeth and was rewarded by a hitch in Ellie's breath. He continued his careful nibbling on the other breast, taking a moment to enjoy his feast of firm breasts in front of him. With reluctance he remembered that they would have plenty of time to play later, but first poor Rob needed servicing! He stopped his administrations to Ellie's breast and instead pushed her skirt down. He took a moment to enjoy the sight of Ellie's flushed curvaceous skin before he gave his next orders to her. 'Ellie I want you to straddle Rob on the sofa, but you are not allowed to place his cock in you just yet.'
