 The Divorcee's Club #1: Belinda's Place

Amelia stepped off the bus into the cool winter evening. She made her way to the local community centre. Amelia, a 34 year old mum of two was petite with slender figure, her silky brown hair swirling around her shoulders. Her firm buttocks swaying in her figure hugging jeans.

She walked up the stairs of the community centre to her Saturday night Group Separation Counciling session. Her divorce councillor suggested it to her as a way to get through the separation process. Reaching the room only 3 of the attendees were standing outside. They just arrived to be told the session leader couldn't make it and she had no replacement. They were the few not contacted by phone. With that Belinda, the most senior of the meetings, suggested they go to a nearby bar. After all, it was Saturday night!

After rounds of martinis and shots they started to open up.

"My ex is the CEO of a technology company. I discovered he was sleeping with his 27 year old secretary" declared Belinda, 42 years of age, raising and pouring downing her shot.

Belinda was a firey red head with an hourglass figure. Her full breasts accentuated by the plunging neck line of her little black dress.

"These were a birthday gift from my husband" she said as she put her hands either side of her breasts and running them down past her slim waist line to her hips.

Mike was one of the few guys at Separation Councilling. He was 35 years old, thick black hair with silver flecks and sun tanned complexion. His well toned body he developed through his short lived sports career. He was eye candy for the women who attended the sessions. Mikes story was similar to Belinda's. He followed his wife's high powered climb up the corporate ladder until she no longer had time for him.

Rochelle was a 26 year old personal assistant, blonde hair and fake tan. Her toned slender body an achievement of her regular gym workouts with yoga and pilates. Rochelle married her college sweetheart but divorced 6 months ago with no children. Rochelle, the youngest of the group, said her husband stopped having sex with her 18 months before the separation. "He would say he just didn't feel like it, roll his back to me and fall asleep!"

As the night continued more drinks were had and stories shared of life before, during and after marriage. They shared with each other their most risqué sex moments. For Amelia it was on a jet ski in a secluded island bay on her honeymoon. Mike, it was a hotel room balcony in Tuscany in the dark hours of morning. Rochelle it was sex in a night club toilet. But Belinda was the winner. Belinda had sex on the deck of a yacht in daylight while sailing down the French Riviera.

It was now 1am in the morning and Belinda suggested they go back to her place. She lived only a few blocks away. The night air and walk to her apartment had a sobering effect on them. Her home was a two level apartment with views of the city across to the river and parkway. Her part of the divorce settlement.

 1.1 Mike Goes Onto The Balcony

Mike went out onto the balcony. "You have a hot tub" he exclaimed. Hearing this Amelia and Rochelle went out to the balcony to see a hot tub set back behind slated bifolds, giving views of the city but privacy to users.

Belinda walked out with champagne for everyone. "Let's get in for a dip!" Belinda said with excitement as she unzipped her dress.

Rochelle started taking off her top and leggings, both now stripped to their underwear. Amelia, typically the responsible mother, feeling care free like her early twenties started to take off her jeans and sweater top. As each undressed, they gazed at each other's bodies and underwear, making compliments to each other on their bra and panties.

Mike stood there invisible to the ladies as they undressed and climbed into the hot tub. Once in they realised Mike was still fully dressed. 

Rochelle finally noticed him and asked "Are you getting in or not?" she said with a cheeky smile. Rochelle was not shy with her body and was one of the many girls who admired Mike's good looks and physique.

Mike, still in awe of this scene stood like a dear in headlights, until coming to grasp with the reality. He unbuttoning his shirt and undoing his belt and jeans he stripped to his boxer trunks. The contour of his swelling member filling the front of them as he climbed in with them.

They continued sipping their drinks and telling past stories of their relationships and dates, their turn ons and turn offs. Each movement by one meant brushing against another. Each making glances at each other, admiring their body's as they laughed and drank champagne.

Belinda unsnapped her bra revealing her busty breasts to everyone, flinging away her bra in the process.

"That's better" she said leaning back sipping from her champagne flute, her fake breasts semi exposed, the water lapping at her nipples.

Amelia, completely liberated of inhibitions followed, unsnapping her bra casting it away. Belinda and Mike both took the time to admire them. But Amelia continued on, raising her legs to remove her panties and throwing them in the same direction. Amelia leaned back into the hot tub, champagne in hand feeling relaxed and care free. Rochelle and Belinda looked at each other with champagne grins.

Now Rochelle stood up in the middle of the group with a girlish smile. Looking over Mike to the city, she took off her bra slowly till holding it in her hand. She looked at those around her and with all eyes on her flung it over the side with her arm extended as though performing in a burlesque show. Bringing her hands back down to her waist, she slowly her hands down her sides. Continuing down she slipped her fingers under her panties, sliding them slowly down to her knees. Bent over, her breasts were within inches of Mikes head. The water dripping off her nipples onto his face. Rochelle exposed her firm arse and volva to Belinda and Amelia who admired her toned body from behind. She lingers in the pose for a second, smiling, until releasing her panties to float around her knees. Slowly standing up her spray tan line around her smoothly waxed labia was clear. Sitting back down, she raised her knees in front, extending her legs out. Her black lace g-string at her ankle she rested one foot on Mike's shoulder.

"Could you throw these out of the tub for me?" asked Rochelle, seduction in her voice. 

Rochelle was enjoying the attention of her audience. She was performing for them as she did for her ex in college with a private strip tease. She had a great body and enjoyed being watched. She had a great body and it was wasted on her ex for the last 18 months of her marriage. She was a young woman with sexual needs and desires.

Mike reached up to her foot and obediently took the panties.

Lowering her foot into the hot tub between his thighs, her toes beushing on his crotch. She glanced down at her toes with a smile then back up to him.

"Now it's your turn!" said Belinda, playing her role in this game of seduction.

Again, like a deer in headlights, Mike came too, "No, I don't think I should" he said shaking his head.

Belinda slid over beside him.

"Then don't think" she whispered, her breasts pushed against him and her hand rubbing his inner thigh. Mike turned to her. She nodded her head towards Amelia.

Mike's cock swelled as he looked at Amelia. Mike looked into Amelia's face to make eye contact. They smiled at each other as he then looked over her body. Amelia became more relaxed and felt incredibly sexy as his gaze caressed her shoulders, arms and breasts. Amelia leaned in and kissed him softly on the lips. With no resistance, she kissed him again with open mouth.

Amelia could feel a soft hand stroking her breasts. In her liberated state Amelia opened her eyes to see Belinda's hand fondling her. This was the first time Amelia had felt the soft touch of a woman's hand on her breasts. Belinda cupped them and gave a gentle squeeze as Amelia looked at her with an accepting smile. Belinda smiled back, looking over Amelia's body with appreciation. Belinda leaned in kissing her. Amelia reciprocated with Mike and Rochelle looking on.

"Don't forget me!" Rochelle exclaimed feeling left out.

Amelia and Belinda separated from their kiss and smiled at Rochelle. Rochelle leaned forward and kneeled in front of Mike, placing one hand on his leg she leaned, Mike separating his legs to accommodate her. Her nipples brushed against his chest as she passionately kissed him, as Amelia and Belinda watched on.

Feeling Mike's intensity, Rochelle moved her hand from his thigh to his groin, rubbing his now swollen cock beneath his boxer trunks. Rochelle stopped kissing Mike to look at the pleasure on his face as she rubbed him. Putting her hand behind his head she pulled his head closer, his face rubbing between her tits.

While this happened, Belinda took Amelia's hand and led her out of the hot tub and inside.

1.2.1Stay with Mike and Rochelle in the Hot Tub

1.2.2Follow Belinda and Amelia

1.2.1 Mike and Rochelle in the Hot Tub 

Empowered by her striptease and watching Belinda and Amelia seduce Mike, Rochelle commanded him "Suck and bite my tits".

Rochelle wanted Mike to want her, but she enjoyed the pleasure of being in control. Mike complied with her command, sucking and gently biting the left breast and nipple, then moving to the right one. Alternatively sucking, biting and fondling each breast and nipple with his mouth and hand. Rochelle was turned on by his soft lips kissing then gently biting on her nipples, his hands squeezing her breasts.

Rochelle pulled Mike's hair at the back of his head.

"Stand up" she instructed.

Obediently Mike stood up, his cock now pushing out from his boxer trunks in front of her like a tent pole. Pulling them down, she tugs his cock several times. Her hand firmly holding his shaft, she proceeded to lick from his scrotum to the tip, now dripping with pre-cum. Swirling her tongue around the rim of the head, Mike watched smiling. The sensation of Rochelle's tongue made his cock pulse.

Seeing the pleasure on Mikes face Rochelle put her tongue on the tip of his cock and slowly proceeded to kiss the tip gently. She continued kissing, each kiss taking just a bit more of him into her mouth. Her kissing progressed to sucking, her tongue circling the head of his cock as she does so. Mike closed his eyes as Rochelle intensified her mouth grip, her tongue passing over the tip of his manhood. Her hand now slid down his shaft to the base, as she took him deeper into her mouth.

Mike groaned with satisfaction. It was some time since Mike had been given a blowjob. He had forgotten what the feel of a woman's mouth was like around his cock. Rochelle could feel him swelling with each stroke. His sticky pre-cum dribbled onto her tongue as she sucked him deeper. Rochelle loved giving blowjobs. The feel and taste of a cock in her mouth made her wet with self gratification of just how good she was. She controlled what level of pleasure he received. She was in control.

"I think I am going to cum" moaned Mike.

With that Rochelle stopped. 

"Why did you stop?" asked Mike.

Rochelle became wetter knowing he was enjoying her. 

"I'm not ready for you to cum yet. I have sucked your cock, now it's your turn."

Rochelle sat on the edge of the sauna and leaned back, her legs spread to make it clear. 

Mike smiles and replies, "You're about to find out how good I am."

Leaning in between her legs he starts to gently kiss around her pubic hair line. He sees and smells her pussy blooming in front of him. He reaches up squeezing and fondling her breasts and nipples, running his hands over her wet body. Mike moves back and starts kissing from inside her left knee. He slowly kisses down the inside of her thigh. Rochelle can feel herself becoming anxious for him to reach her clit. As Mike nears it he deliberately touches and kisses all around it. Everything but her pussy.

With his nose on her pubic line, he runs his mouth across her pussy lips, his tongue slightly protruding to just ever so slightly touch her left labia, then clit, then right labia with his own lips and tongue. Rochelle slowly breathes out as he does, inhaling as he again moves back and starts to kiss from the inside of her right knee and slowly kiss down the inside of her thigh.

Her moans continue. She can feel herself building up sexual tension and frustration as he now teases her. She grips the hot tub edge and puts her hand against the wall behind her. She wants him to lick her but surrenders to his game of foreplay.

Mike starts kissing her inner right thigh as he again approaches her pussy lips. Once again he brushes his lips and tongue over her right pussy lip, her clit, then her other lip. Rochelle moans. She wants him to plunge his tongue into her, but she allows him to tease her.

Mike runs his mouth gently back over her clit, her moans giving to her desire. He moves to the base of her pussy and gently licks up the fold of one lip. Wet with desire he can taste her. Reaching her clit, he goes down to lick up the other fold. Going back down, using the soft pallet on the tip of his tongue he gently licks ever so gently without penetrating to her clit. Rochelle feels his tongue and holds her breath. He goes back down and licks her again, but with more pressure, lightly penetrating her. She now feels the width of his tongue glide between and over her clit. He laps at her pussy like a puppy at a bowl of milk. She moans and breaths deeply the more he does. He slips his tongue deep inside.

She has never had this done to her before. She feels his tongue sliding in her. Then withdrawing it he slides it over her clit.

He massages her clit with his tongue, running it over in swirls and strokes. Her clit now swollen and erect. Mike inserts his finger, gently massaging Rochelles g-spot. The dual pleasure of his tongue and finger on her pleasure points driving her to climax.

Mike then starts to gently suck on Rochelles swollen erect clit like it were a nipple. Ever so gently he sucks her clit into his mouth with short pulsing suction. Rochelle reacts to the sensation that now fills her whole body. She loses her breath as Mike sucks on her clit. It is so pleasurable it is almost painful for her. Her stomach muscles contract and ripple from the immense pleasurable feeling it gives her.

"I want you inside me" Rochelle commands.

Mike leans back as Rochelle pushes him back into his seat in the hot tub. Mounting him Rochelle eases down on the tip of his erect cock to slip inside her. She breathes deeply as she slides onto him as his thick shaft fills her. It has been too long since she has felt a cock inside her. She starts to ride him as he lay back in the hot tub, his hands on her hips to steady her. He sucks her tits as she slides forward. His cock so hard, she leans back to let his thick cock penetrate deeper rubbing her spot.

"I can't believe how good you feel inside me" she moans, her hair falling around her face. "Your cock feels so good."

Rochelle feels Mike's hands running up and down her side and hips, occasionally reaching around to grab her ass. Mike swells inside her with her bouncing on him and her tits brushing in his face. It drives him to become harder.

With his swelling cock filling her and pressing against her inside, she feels herself rise to orgasm. She grinds harder to increase the intensity. She maintains the tempo and leans forward against him as her body begins to climax. Mike senses her body starting to reach orgasm. Her body peaking, her breasts brush against his facial stubble, the water splashing between their bodies. Rochelles tits bouncing in his face, he can feel himself starting to swell inside her. He knows he is about to cum but he holds off. Short of breath, Rochelles whole body fills with inhalation. Hearing this, Mike feels her pussy pulsing. He groans lunging into her so his cock erupts deep inside.

Bodies filled with sweet unrest, Rochelle sits seated in Mikes lap. His still erect member housed inside her, pulsing. Both satisfied, they separate and take a white robe each as they leave the hot tub.