 Gloria checked herself in the mirror. Her makeup was on -- the dark red lipstick looked sultry -- and her hair was radiant: She had had her thick, black curls cut and styled for the occasion. In the living room down the hall from her bedroom, she heard her four male lovers chatting with each other. Brian and Danny had arrived about half an hour ago. Stan and Greg had just shown up.

"Okay, guys," said Danny down the hall in a nice, loud voice, "sit down and I'll go over the plan for today." Brian and Danny had arranged a day to give her her first real gangbang. They could have just told her to lay on the bed and take what came -- since they had sucked each other in front of her, she had given them herself as a sex slave for the rest of the summer -- but they had come up with a more interesting idea. Her pussy tingled as she thought about it. She was going to get seriously and profoundly fucked today.

"As you know," he continued, "we've decided to share Gloria with you for the afternoon and into the evening. We're going to fuck her hard today." Stan, Greg, and Brian let out a cheer. 

"About fucking time," said Stan.

"But we decided to make it a game," Danny said. She leaned against the door, listening to the whole thing.

"Yeah, I know a game, too," said Stan. "It's called Fuck the Cunt. Bring on the party girl, and I'll show you all how to play." She rolled her eyes. Stan had a coarse, belligerent streak, but Danny and Brian had promised to keep him in check.

"Yeah, yeah, Stan," said Brian. "You'll get your chance."

"Here's the deal," said Danny, "Gloria likes to collect lingerie and sexy costumes. Last night, Brian and I picked out a bunch for her to model for all of us." Another cheer from the rest.

"The trick will be getting them off of her," said Danny. There was a short pause. 

"See this die? We're going to take turns rolling it. If you roll a five or a six, Gloria has to take off the piece of clothing you want. Then you get to have her do anything you want for three minutes. Except that all the rest of her clothing has to stay where it is."

"Fuck that," she heard Stan say. "Three minutes? I fuck for much longer than that." Gloria had gotten a sense of his stamina last week when he titfucked her. She imagined he could go on for quite some time.

"Will you listen, douchebag?" said Brian. "That's just the start."

"Right," said Danny. "If you are lucky enough to be rolling the die when she takes off her last piece of clothing, you get to have sex with her however you want until you cum. In the mouth, between her legs, in her ass. On the floor, on her bed, on the table. Whatever." More cheers. Gloria felt her knees get shaky as she realized there was no going back now. This was going to happen.

"But this is a gangbang," said Danny. "So once you've decided how you're going to have sex with her, Gloria gets to decide how the other guys in the room will be doing her in that round. Maybe she just wants the one guy. Maybe she wants to pull a train with someone else. Maybe she wants to stuff her holes all at once." Danny was doing well, she thought. She had given him a lot of the porn vocabulary he needed.

"Fuck yeah!" That was Greg this time.

"Once everyone who's fucking her has cum, she's going to go back to her room, clean up, and come out in the next outfit. Then the game starts again."

"What if we roll one through four?" asked Greg.

"That's the next piece," said Danny. "If you roll a one, I get to tell her to do anything I want for three minutes, but as is. No clothing moves. If you roll a two, Brian gets to take charge for three minutes. Three goes to Stan, four to Greg."

"Wait," said Stan. "I might roll the die and she does something for one of you? That's fucking bullshit."

"Well, the same is true for everyone, Stan," said Danny.

"Dude," said Greg. "Didn't you pay attention in math class? Half the time on your turn, you get her for three minutes. And two-thirds of those times, she has to take off another piece of clothing."

"Right," said Danny. "We want everyone to get a fair chance."

"I don't know," said Stan. "This seems like a fucking lame game."

"You don't have to play it, Stan," said Brian. "You can just sit on the couch and watch."

"Yeah, fuck that," said Stan. "I'll play along; don't worry. But I better get lots of time in that fucking slut today."

"Don't worry, man, you will," said Danny. "Besides, once we're done with all the outfits, we're going to slip in some gangbang porn, come up with some ideas from it, and then make Gloria play along." More cheers.

Wait, what? She hadn't heard that part of the plan. 

Danny raised his voice and called out, "Okay, Gloria, we're ready for you."

She took a deep breath, opened her door, and walked down the hall. As she came into the living room, the four young men turned to look at her. Catcalls and whistles greeted her. She knew she looked good: She was wearing a very short denim miniskirt and a cowl-necked white sweater that hugged her 36C breasts. At least that's what was visible. She was barefoot.

She stood in the middle of the living room. Danny and Brian were sitting in a couch to her left; Stan and Greg sat on the couch in front of her.

"Do you like it?" she said to them. More catcalls and shouts erupted from the four young men.

"Very nice, Gloria," said Danny. "Why don't you do a little twirl for us." She turned slowly, letting the four admire her round, bubbly ass and her long, smooth legs.

"I just want to add some things to what Danny said earlier," she said. "When you fuck my ass, you need to lube up." The boys cheered at the thought. She walked over to the mantle and picked up a bottle. "Here's the lube."

Then she bent over, causing her miniskirt to lift tantalizingly, which got more catcalls from the couches. She opened a cabinet in the built-ins, and pulled out a few items.

"If you're feeling tired," she said, "this is a dildo. You can tell me to fuck myself with it." She held up the other item. "This is a vibrator. You can tell me to use that as well. Other than that, we're good to go."

"Wait," said Stan. "I thought you said she'd be dressed like a slut."

"Gloria," said Danny, "why don't you tell us about this first outfit."

"Don't worry, Stan," she said, "under the sweater and skirt, I'm wearing a pink lace bra and thong that I think everyone will like."

"Fuck, yeah," said Stan. "I can't wait to see that naked pussy around my cock."

She took a deep breath again.

"Ready, Gloria?" asked Danny. She stood in the middle of four young men and nodded. She was consigning her fate to the roll of a die.

"We're going me, Brian, Stan, and Greg for turn order," said Danny. He took the die and rolled it on the floor.

A three came up.

"Damn," said Danny. "Okay, Stan, she's yours for three minutes."

"Fuck yeah," said Stan. He beckoned her over. "Okay, slut, get down on your knees between my legs, and suck my cock."

She stepped over to him as he spread his legs, and she knelt between them as she started fumbling with his zipper.

"You remember what you said last week," she said. "How you didn't want to hear any 'No, I don't want to' today?" He nodded as she fished his soft dick from his pants.

"Well, you're not going to. When the die comes up for you, it'll just be 'Yes, yes, yes.'" He moaned as she finished and slid her moist mouth over his dick. He began to harden as she sucked and licked his member, and she dove onto the shaft with vigor.

"Fuck yeah," said Stan as she slid his dick back and forth between her lips.

Danny called time, and Gloria slid her lips off of Stan's dick.

"Aw, fuck," he said. But he didn't say anything more as Gloria stood back up and Brian rolled the die.

Another three.

"Yes!" cried Stan. "Get back down here, slut, and get back to work." She kneeled down again.

"Actually, wait," he said. He stood up and faced her, his hard cock still poking out of his zipper. "Suck it like this."

She scooted forward and continued her blow job. He was fully erect now, and his six-inch dick pushed all the way into her mouth. He put his hands on her head and started pulling her down as he pushed forward, face fucking her with all the force his footballer's legs could muster. She swirled her tongue around the thick rod as it thrust. Her pussy was already wet, and she hadn't even gotten through the first two rolls. She wondered if she'd just end up blacking out today.

Danny called time, and she moaned around Stan's dick in frustration.

Stan grabbed the die and rolled it in his hands. "C'mon three," he said as he held the die up, "Daddy needs a wet mouth." 

He rolled a one. "Fuck!" he cried out.

Danny stood up. "I like Stan's idea, Gloria. But I want you to crawl here on your hands and knees and then lick my balls for three minutes."

She did as he said, and Stan and Greg whistled as her pose lifted her short skirt. She wiggled her butt at them. Four young men, filled with lust, ready to fuck her all day long. This was going to be fun.

She unbuttoned and pulled down Danny's pants, and then tugged his boxer briefs down. She lifted his cock, gave it a little kiss, and then bobbed her head down to start licking his scrotum.

"Holy fucking shit," said Stan. "This is going to be awesome."

She licked and sucked Danny's balls for three minutes as he moaned out loud. Brian called time, and Danny and Gloria both gave a sigh.

Greg rolled a four, his own number.

He rubbed his hands together and told Gloria to come over. "I want you to make out with me and give me a lapdance," he said, patting his thighs.

She walked over and climbed up onto the couch, straddling him. When she lowered herself, however, she realized her skirt was too tight. She lifted the hem a bit, and the rest of the room went crazy.

"Look at that little pink thong," said Brian. "I can't wait to see it all." She turned to him and winked.

"Get those fives and sixes going, boys," she said.

She lowered herself onto Greg's lap and pressed her breasts against him. She leaned down and spoke into his ear.

"You know what I'm most looking forward to today, Greg? I'm most looking forward to feeling that big monster of a cock of yours between my legs. How far up my pussy do you think you can push it?" Greg blushed and swallowed.

She leaned down, opened her lips a little, and pressed them against his mouth. She slid her tongue in and, at the same time, began grinding herself onto his hard dick. First she moved in little circles, but she gradually worked her way up to large, obvious motions. She could feel his dick getting harder by the second. He had his hands around her ass as the two pushed against each other. 

She was panting when Danny called time. 

Danny rolled a two.

"Finally," said Brian. "Come over here, Gloria, and give me a handjob while you're kissing me."

She stood next to him and began to fish his dick out of his pants. "Am I being a good slut, Brian? Are you going to fill me up today?" He nodded, and she leaned in to kiss him.

The two of them stood by his chair making out as she caressed his dick with long strokes. The rest of the room watched raptly. She figured they were plotting their next requests.

Brian rolled a five.

"Finally!" cried Stan. "I was wondering if we were ever going to get this bitch naked." Seriously, she thought.

Brian looked her up and down. "The skirt," he said.

She unbuttoned the top snap and then undid the zipper. She turned away from him and began to tug the skirt down. First on the left side, then on the right. As her pink lace thong came into view, the boys cheered again.

She slid the skirt down to her feet, bending at the waist to give Brian a nice look, and stepped out of it. She picked it up, twirled it on her finger, and tossed it to the side. Catcalls erupted.

"And what are we going to do for three minutes, Brian?"

"I think you're going to keep on doing what you were doing," he said.

She began to kiss him again and reached her hand down to his dick. She stood there, in a sweater and panties, running her hands along his shaft, wondering how much sex she was going to get today. The lack of fives and sixes so far had been disappointing.

Danny called time. Stan rolled a one. "Shit! Again?!"

"Stand up against me, Gloria, and masturbate for the room while I stroke that ass of yours. You do have a nice ass, you know," she smiled at him as she remembered their first affair, when she had seduced him by making him feel her ass.

The other three boys were watching intently as she faced them. She felt Danny's cock pressed into her ass, and his hands began fondling the two cheeks.

She slid her hand down over the lace strip covering her pussy and began to stroke herself. She slid her hand up and down, closing her eyes to enjoy the feeling a bit more deeply. She heard the other boys murmur softly to each other as she began to moan.

Then Danny's hands left her ass and moved up to her chest. He ran his hands over the sweater, cupping and squeezing her breasts. She moaned again.

Brian called time. She was beginning to hate this game.

Greg rolled a six, and there was another whoop. He didn't hesitate. "The sweater," he said.

She crossed her arms, and began to pull up the hem. "So, Greg," she said, "are you ready to see my tits?" He nodded. "Then tell me," she said.

"Show me your tits," he said. She smiled and lifted the sweater all the way off. More hoots erupted as she exposed the pink lace bra that matched the thong.

"And let's continue the lapdance," he said. She grinned and climbed back onto him. His hands went straight to her breasts, and she ground against him. My god, she thought, his cock feels huge.

Danny called time. She looked around. By now, everyone except Greg had his dick out. Brian and Stan were giving theirs little strokes.

Danny rolled a four, and Greg had her continue the makeout session. She could feel the slickness of her by-now gushing pussy, and Greg's mammoth dick was sliding against her clit. She felt her body quiver, and Danny called time.

Brian rolled a five. This was the pace she wanted. "Let's see those big tits," he said. She reached behind her back and undid the bra. The boys cheered again as she exposed her large breasts, twirled the bra, and threw it away. She was down to just her panties.

"Lay down on the floor, Gloria," said Brian. She did, and he straddled her. "Get those tits together. I'm going to fuck them. And you're going to suck my dick when the tip gets through them." She pushed her breasts together, and Brian slid his long cock between them. As the tip of his cock emerged, she pulled it past her lips. He thrust back and forth between her breasts.

Suddenly he began to tense. "Open your mouth, Gloria," he grunted. She did and he pushed the tip of his cock in. He began to cum in her mouth, groaning as he did. She swallowed quickly.

"Now lick me clean," he said. She coursed her tongue around his dick, and Danny called time.

"Shit," said Stan. "You barely lasted at all. I'll show you how it's done."

He rolled a six, and the other boys let out a cheer. He just smiled at her.

"And now for the main event," he said. "Let me see the prize, slut."

She hooked her thumbs into her thong's waistband and began to tug it down. Within seconds, they were at her feet, and her shaved pussy was exposed. She picked them up, gave them a spin, and tossed them at Stan.

"Now the question is," said Stan, "how am I going to fuck you?"

He thought for a beat. "Can't ignore the fucking classics," he said. "Lie down on the floor and spread your legs like the slut you are." She lay down, legs spread.

"Do you want anyone else?" asked Danny. 

She nodded. "I want to suck your dick as Stan pounds me."

"Anything else?" he asked.

"Not yet. I want to start slow."

Stan took off his clothes and kneeled down between her legs, his average-sized dick positioned right at the opening of her pussy. She was so ready for a good fucking. She wondered how long he'd last.

He pushed into her, and she moaned.

"Yeah," Stan yelled. "That's what I'm fucking talking about. That pussy is fine." He began to thrust slowly as he moved his hands up to her breasts.

In a moment, Danny knelt down by her face, and she opened her mouth. He slid his cock into it, and she moaned. She had had sex with two guys at once a few times now, but she still loved the push-me-pull-you sensations, the feel of being filled up, and the thrill of obvious sluttiness. She swirled her tongue around his head and let him slide his shaft back and forth as Stan fucked her.

How long could Stan last? A lot longer than Danny. In about five minutes, he had shot a load of sticky cum into her mouth. Stan had kept going. She was moaning as he thrust hard, pulled back, thrust again, pulled back, and kept going. She was moaning as he nailed her. No arguing with the classics, indeed. She felt his hands under her legs, and he lifted them to lay them on his shoulders as he kept going, driving down deeper. A quiver in her belly was the only warning she got as a quiet orgasm hit her body. 

She had wondered how those football legs would do in bed, and she wasn't disappointed. His cock wasn't huge, but he could thrust it with the best of them.

It must have been fifteen minutes when he began to tense. Suddenly, she felt his warm semen shoot into her. Last weekend, he had squirted five shots onto her face. Today, it felt like he had just opened a valve. His cum filled her up and, even before he pulled out, began seeping from her pussy.

He pulled out and rolled to his side. The two were panting from the sex.

After a moment, Danny said, "okay, Gloria, let's see what you're wearing next."

* * *

Fifteen minutes later, she walked into the living room to see the four guys naked on her couches. They were joking with each other until she walked in. They all turned and looked at her, and Stan let out a low whistle.

She was wearing her slutty schoolgirl outfit: A button-down white top -- largely unbuttoned -- tied off in a big knot at the bottom, a short, flouncy red skirt, and white, thigh-high, lace-topped stockings. Under her skirt, she had on white panties decorated with little pink hearts and edged with ruffled lace. The skirt didn't even come down all the way to her crotch, so any of the men sitting in her living room could see the underwear, too. In her hair, she had two little ribbons. She had also taken the opportunity to freshen up from the first round, so she had re-applied her makeup and washed up a bit.

"Oh, teacher," she said as she stepped into the middle of her living room, "I'd do anything to get a passing grade." As she said "anything," she put her hands on her knees and stuck her ass out.

"God, you look hot, Gloria," said Brian.

"For this round," said Danny, "we're going to change things up a bit." She raised her eyebrows and looked at him. This was news to her.

"First of all," he continued, "her stockings aren't going to count as clothes. You can have her take them off if you want, but if a piece of clothing comes off and leaves just the stockings, you get fuck rights."

He reached into a bag behind his chair. "I'm also going to offer this," he said. He pulled out a long, plastic ruler. "I think we can all agree that Gloria's been a bad, bad student," he said, "and she might need to be spanked."

"Oh, yeah," said Stan. He rubbed his hands together, bit his lower lip, and looked straight at her.

"Okay," said Greg, "let's get started. It's my turn to roll." She looked over at him and tingled at the site of his long, already hard dick.

Greg picked up the die and rolled it. A four came up. "Yes!" he shouted.

He stood up and walked over to her, his long cock jutting in front of him like a javelin.
