 In my job as a taxi driver I meet some interesting people. On a recent job I met three of the most interesting people I've ever met.

I'd been booked one Friday evening to collect three passengers from a bar in London's west end and take them home out in east London. I fought my way through London's traffic, arrived right on time outside the bar, and just as I pulled up in my big silver Mercedes the bar door opened and out they staggered.

They were three very pretty women looking early thirties, a little younger than me. There was a blonde with her tousled hair down round her shoulders, a pony-tailed blonde, and a neat hair styled brunette who was the prettiest and sexiest of the three. They were in the kind of clothes I'd often seen around London's clubs: string-strapped dresses with hems so high up their bare thighs the slightest movement threatened to show their knickers, and so low cut their boobs looked about to bounce out with every step. Tousled blonde's dress was black with thin shoulder straps showing equally thin bra straps. Pony tail's dress was bright pink, the brunette's was deep red and they were both very obviously bra-less. Their dresses clung closely to their figures outlining three sets of tasty curves. They looked as if they had been out for a wild night, perhaps a hen party and it was obvious they'd all been drinking.

They supported each other as they tottered giggling to my car on incredibly high heels and climbed into the back, the brunette in the middle with a blonde either side. Every taxi driver knows that the time he holds the car door open for a woman is the best opportunity for seeing what's on display up her skirt. I've seen a good many naked cunts that way in my time! Most women know how to swing their legs demurely into a car without showing anything interesting, but these three certainly didn't disappoint me! Three pairs of bare legs swung wide as they climbed in, treating me to a full frontal display of tousled haired blonde's black panties, pony tail's white thong, and the brunette's white lace panties so sheer I could see her neat dark bush through them.

"OK girls?" I said looking over my shoulder to check they'd fastened their seat belts, as they looked likely to forget. I also had another upskirt peep at the brunette's see-through panties.

"Ready to ride" said one "And I know what I'd like to ride!"

There was a chorus of giggles from the back seat.

"Is that his cock sticking up?" said another "It looks so big and stiff!"

"That's his gear lever, silly. I bet his cock's even bigger and stiffer!"

More giggles.

"He's been looking up our skirts trying to see our knickers!"

"Shall I take my knickers off so he can have a better look at them?"

"Oooohh! Don't be such a naughty girl!"

Moments later the pony tailed blonde's white thong landed in my lap and the three of them collapsed with laughter on the back seat.

As we crawled through the congested London streets I heard a lively discussion from the back seat about the size of my penis, whether I masturbated, which sex position they'd like me in, and lots more along the same lines. I'm used to it and didn't take any notice. Apart from which I was preoccupied thinking about the things I'd like to do in bed with the brunette after I'd relieved her of her dress and her see through knickers. I picked up that the tousled blonde was Suzanne, pony tail was Tracey, the brunette's name was Jade and that they belonged to some kind of divorcees' club.

Eventually we reached our destination, Suzanne's house. The booking was to drop Tracey and Suzanne there and for me to take Jade home. But the plan got changed. I got out, opened the rear door for my passengers to treat me to another wide legged upskirt display of panties and a grinning Tracey holding her hand over her thong-less pussy. I gave Tracey her thong back. They stood together outside the house giggling as if deciding which of them was going to speak. Then Suzanne spoke.

"Would you like to come in for some fun?"

"Oooooh do say yes!" said Tracey, stepping her high heeled foot up onto the low brick wall along the front of the house and pulling what little there was of her dress even higher up her bare thigh to make clear what kind of fun they had in mind, if I had any doubts. Minutes later we were in Suzanne's big lounge, the three girls had glasses of Prosecco in their hands and I had an orange juice. Alcohol is banned whilst on duty in my job, but more than that I didn't want anything to dampen my performance if what looked like it would happen did!

As I stood there the three girls circled me, running their hands over my chest through my shirt, and fondling my backside and the bulging ridge of my erection through my trousers, while my hand fondled female breasts and bottoms through thin dresses and bare thighs below as they brushed against me. The girls purred appreciatively and made comments like

"Mmmmm! He's got my knickers wet already! ... I'd like him on top of me giving it to me hard and fast! ... Feel how his cock's bulging! ... Ooooooh! He's up so stiff!"

Blonde Suzanne gave me a mischievous grin as if an idea had come into her pretty head.

"Do you remember that male stripper? Do you think he'd strut his stuff for us if we ask him nicely?"

The idea caught on with Jade and Tracey immediately and I got a chorus of

"Oooooh! ... go on! ... Show us what you've got! ... Ooooh 

The next day was a Saturday, this was my last job of the day, and since my partner had walked out all I had to go home to was a lonely bed. I keep myself fit in the gym, my sex kit is nothing to be ashamed of and after weeks of solitary masturbation I sensed pussy would soon be on offer. It was a no-brainer! 

"OK girls" I replied "but I warn you. I want audience participation!"

"I'm ready to participate!" laughed Tracey, and she stepped right in front of me so close her boobs under her tight pink dress brushed my shirt. 

She spread her legs as wide as her tight pink dress would allow and rocked smoothly on her bright red high heels. 

I started by fondling her breasts through the thin material of her pink dress. Her nipples were already peaking with arousal and she gasped with pleasure as I ran my fingers over the peaks of her nipples. I moved behind her and lifted the back of her dress above her white thong and slid my fingers slowly down the thin strip of satin nestling in her bum crack and right under her to finger her sex mound from behind. She squealed with excitement. I moved to her front, ran my hands up her bare arms, smoothly pulled the thin shoulder straps off her shoulders and slipped her dress down her body. Her breasts bounced out, and I kept pulling until her dress was down stretched around her spread thighs just below her tiny white thong. With a fingertip I gently stroked the dimpled outline of her vagina through the thin cloth, then slipped my hand down inside her thong and cupped my palm over her smooth shaven mound.

"Ohh! That's so nice! Naughty boy!" She laughed, and an instant later with a wiggle of her hips she'd slipped her pink dress off, leaving her just in her tiny white thong.

I stripped slowly for them, trying to make it raunchy, and for each garment I took off I, took a garment off one of the women. They loved it! Needless to say as I stripped them I ran my hands over their breasts, bottoms and cunts through their panties then nude. They were wearing very little to start with, and I was naked with my erection sticking out stiffly by the time I stepped in front of Jade so close to her my big soft knob prodded her between her see through panties and her belly button. 

"Want you!" she whispered excitedly and gave me a little kiss. I felt my erection strain a couple of notches harder.

I played with Jade's breasts, then kissed her down her front starting with her breasts, and tickling her belly button with my tongue, till I was squatting in front of her with her panties at eye level. Then I pulled them down her slightly spread thighs to just below her cunt. I gave her a long kiss right on her love lips and ruffled her neat little 'landing strip' of pubic hair above her slit with my tongue before she let her panties fall, leaving all three girls nude except for their high heels. 

More Prosecco bottles emptied while they got me to do raunchy nude poses for their phone cameras. I stood spread legged leaning back against the table showing them how far forward I could shove my hard up cock. Tracey knelt on the low coffee table for them to snap me tickling her taut aroused nipples with the big soft head of my penis, and Suzanne bent over for shots of me prodding her bum crack with my the tip of my penis. I ran their panties between my legs and over my sex kit, and they got me to put Jade's panties on and pose with my erection pushing them out like a tent pole and showing every detail of my sex kit through the lace, then slowly peel them off. They each snapped me with their panties hanging on my hard up erection. They got me to wrap my hand round my shaft and give it a couple of strokes as if I was masturbating. By the time I was doing that for them my cock was so tight it felt like it was about to snap and my helmet was glistening with pre cum. I felt that if I didn't get some pussy soon I was going to carry on tugging and stroking my dick and wank my load off over whatever female flesh was to hand, be it Tracey's boobs or Suzanne's bum. 

"He looks ready to pop!" Laughed Jade.

"Ooooohhh! ... I want to do something really randy with that big stiff cock!" said Tracey, grinning.

Tracey pushed me back toward the sofa and sat me down on it. Suzanne joined me on the sofa, kneeling wide legged next me with her big soft breasts against me. My erect shaft was sticking straight up vertically. Tracey began to ease my knees apart so in response I spread my legs wide and she knelt between my spread legs, leaning close so the taut nipples of her swinging breasts brushed the head of my penis. At the same time she lightly fingered my balls and the inside tops of my thighs, and ran her fingers through my bush. She leaned in even closer to kiss and lick my lust-swollen penis head till I was frantic and groaning with the exquisite sex pleasure. As she played with my sex kit she "talked dirty" in a voice that had become husky with excitement saying things like:

"Is that good? ... Mmmmm, love your cock! ... So big and stiff! ... so hairy! ... Have many girls sucked your cock? ... Such big full balls!"

Tracey kissed me slowly down my front from my chest, sliding her breasts either side of my shaft till her head was down between my spread legs. Her tight wet lips slid over the sensitive head of my penis, lingered for a moment while her tongue caressed my knob, slid tightly down my shaft till her lips touched my pubic hair, then began deliciously stroking my shaft and knob up and down full length, sucking on the up stroke. As Tracey sucked my cock off I ran my hands over her bare shoulders and through her hair. 

Suzanne had positioned herself just right for me to play with her breasts, fondle her smooth warm thighs, reach round behind her to fondle her bottom and tickle her up and down bum crack, and to run my hands between her legs to finger her pussy and ruffle her cunt hair while her fingers roamed lightly over my chest, the insides of my thighs and my balls. Jade stood watching, smiling mischievously, with her hand between her spread legs fingering her pussy, gently masturbating.

Tracey knew how to make a guy wait. She treated me to delicious bursts of her lips stroking my shaft, pausing in between bursts for Suzanne to reach down, wrap her fist loosely round my shaft and hand job my penis rhythmically and smoothly. Her hand rode right up over my knob and caught the base ridge of my penis head and that sensitive spot underneath just the way I like.

After long sweet minutes of Tracey's lips and Suzanne's fingers giving my penis exquisite sex pleasure while I played with their naked bodies and watched Jade pleasure herself, Suzanne's hand stroking and tugging my shaft sent my semen spurting. She knew just how to stroke my straining tight shaft across the base of my knob as so my orgasm came slowly. When I came I involuntarily thrust my sex kit up and forward. Tracey's boobs were swinging just above my nozzle and my spurting fountain of semen splashed over her breasts and into her cleavage. As I jerked my load I gripped Suzanne's bum cheeks to pull her against me. Finally Tracey and Suzanne disentangled themselves from me, the three of them emptied another bottle of Prosecco and I allowed myself a cold beer. 

It was getting late, and after the girls had put on what little there was of their clothes I set off with Jade. She joined me in the front of my car. 

"Are you going back to your wife after you've dropped me off?" Jade asked as we drove. 

I told her my partner had walked out a few weeks ago. 

"So did mine" she replied, and she pulled the hem of her dress high up her bare thighs to show her white lace panties. Nothing more needed to be said.

Up in Jade's bedroom we didn't bother with preliminaries. After I relieved her of her dress and her see through knickers she simply lay on her back with her heavy breasts flopped sideways, spread and folded up her legs so wide her knees were near her shoulders, and reached her arms up toward me. It had been a long time for her too and I made sure I gave her something she'd remember. Though I was frantic for a woman I patiently took my time. I kissed and licked her pussy to a climax, then gave her another one with long deep penis thrusts into her warm wet tightness. She clawed my back and her heels pounded my bum in the juddering, grunting, leg kicking, breast bouncing climax my shaft took her to before my thrusting hips pushed her up the bed as I filled her. She was well worth the wait!

It was late next morning when I left Jade, both of us well satisfied, with her number in my phone, her lace panties in my pocket, and her next ride with me already booked!