 Gloria turned the hot water on in her shower. Her black curls were matted and her face and breasts were sticky from the fountains of cum that had washed over her that night. Her sore pussy was still leaking cum down her leg. The cum in her ass was still pooled in her. It would probably trickle out over the rest of the night. She was exhausted from the fucking she had gotten all night long and the orgasms she had had along the way. The shower would feel great.

So that's what a real, honest-to-god gangbang felt like, she thought. She might be exhausted, but if Brian wanted her to do another one tonight, she'd jump at the chance. Her gut instinct had been right: Two guys at once had been life-changing, and the four guys she had fucked in turn last Sunday had been a revelation. Eight guys going to town on her? Suddenly two-on-one seemed like child's play.

The Friday night had started quietly. Neither Brian nor Danny had said he might come over, so she was catching up on back issues of The New Yorker with a glass of wine. It had been a long day at work, so she was looking forward to some down time. Still, she was feeling a little lonely. Her lovers had visited her throughout the week, giving her great sex from at least one of them each night.

Suddenly, she heard her cell phone buzz with an incoming message. She got up and walked over to the dining room where it sat.

"Feeling like a striptease tonight," it said. It was from Brian. She smiled. So much for down time and loneliness.

"What should I wear?" she texted back.

There was a pause. "Pajamas from Tuesday night. Something sexy underneath." He had come over Tuesday night to find her in pink silk pajamas with a button-down top and skimpy shorts. After he had had her take off the shorts, he had made her slowly unbutton the top while he took photos with his phone. Then he had made her ride his dick as he snapped more photos.

"When are you coming?" she wrote.

"Probably be there in 1/2 hour," he wrote back.

She practically skipped to her bedroom to look through her extensive lingerie collection. She held various bra and panty sets up to herself in the mirror, deciding which she liked best. Finally, she spotted a small white bustier. Perfect, she thought. She found a skimpy pair of white panties, and was good to go. She put on the pajamas over the underwear and applied slutty red lipstick, blush, and mascara. Yes, she thought, she looked pretty damn hot.

Forty minutes after Brian's last text, her phone buzzed again. "Running late," it said, "are you ready for me?"

"You bet, stud," she wrote.

Five minutes later, another buzz. "Here but I just had a great idea."

She waited. "Turn on all the lights in dining room, kitchen, hallway next to dining room." She thought it was an odd request, but she went ahead and did it.

Her house was ablaze with the light. She should really get dimmers for these fixtures, she thought.

"Lift blinds in dining room." She went and stood by the window and lifted the blinds. She peered out, but she couldn't see anyone.

"Go stand back by living room. Tell me when you're there."

She stepped back. She was trying to figure out his game. "Here," she texted.

A couple minutes passed. "I'm standing on walkway. Can you see me?" She looked out the window. All she could see was her own reflection and the brightly lit room behind her. Outside was too dark.

"It's too dark," she wrote.

"Good."

"Start stripping." He was going to watch her strip from the street. She tingled at the thought of some of her neighbors passing by and getting an eyeful.

She put the phone down and began swaying. The phone buzzed again.

"Put phone by your pussy. Ignore phone calls, not texts." She let out a little moan. She had used her cell phone as a vibrator before -- really, who hadn't -- but it had been a while.

She picked up the phone and started swaying again. She ran her hands down her body, holding on to the phone as she did. She slid them past her silk pajama shorts and then back up, over her breasts. She turned her head and pressed her lips against the phone while looking at the window. Her hips continued to gyrate slowly.

With her right hand, she pulled out the waistband of her shorts and panties. She moved the phone down again with her left hand and dropped it under her clothes where it settled against the front of her crotch. It made for a tight fit in the skimpy panties. 

She let the waistbands close with a light snap and began swaying again. She started rubbing herself up and down, kneading her breasts.

She was expecting it, of course, but she still let out a little yelp as her phone rang. She made an O with her mouth at the window for Brian's sake, and rubbed her crotch, pressing the phone against her. The buzzing was right against her clit, and she let out a moan.

After four buzzes, the phone stopped. But after a moment, it started up again. She stuck her ass out to the side and arched her back up, running her hands over her 36C breasts.

She began to ease her shorts down as the phone kept buzzing. She looked seductively at the window and teased the right side down. Then the left. She slid her shorts down just enough show off the white panties, and then she pulled them back and kept dancing and rubbing herself.

Brian was hitting redial as her phone went to voicemail. The buzzing was making her warm and wet.

She began to slide her shorts down again. A little bit further than the last time, and then she pulled them back up. She danced some more and then tugged them down again. But this time, she let them fall down her legs. 

As they did, she began to turn so that her back was to the window. She bent over and shook her ass at Brian, and then kept rotating it slowly.

She turned back as she danced. Her shirt ran to just above her crotch, though the last part didn't have any buttons. She opened it up so that Brian would get a good look at her panties, and then she let it fall shut again.

The phone continued to buzz. She could feel the vibrations further and further around it as her skin became more sensitive and as she approached an orgasm.

She kept swaying and bending, making sure to turn so that Brian would get a good look at her ass. She turned back to him and slid her hands up and down her torso, kneading her breasts.

Then she slid her hands down the front of her shirt. She unbuttoned the bottom button and opened up her shirt before letting it fall closed again. She slid her hands up to her breasts again and made a little O of pleasure with her mouth at the window.

She reached down and undid another button, again pulling her shirt apart from the bottom. The bottom of her bustier was probably just visible.

She didn't bother with the wait before the next button. Definitely her bustier was visible now. She only had two buttons to go before the whole top was undone.

She slid her hands up and undid another button. Only one was left. She began swaying harder, dancing as if she was in a club, so that her shirt would fan open with each sideways swing of her hips. 

She reached her hand down down down to her panties, where the buzzing cell phone made a rectangle against her pussy. She slid her hand over the phone and pressed it in again. She let out a little moan. The buzzing was getting to her, as was this striptease out where anyone could see her.

She turned so she was facing to the right and slid her hands over her round ass. She stroked it, up and down. She gave it a little spank. And then another one. Brian would have tons of ideas when he came in, she thought.

Still turned to the side, she reached up and undid the last button on her top. She stood up with her back to the window and began to tease the shirt off of her shoulders, exposing the thin white straps helping hold her bustier up and then the back of it. She turned to look at the window and let the silk shirt slide down her arms, leaving her in just her underwear.

She turned back to the window and started dancing again. But the buzzing phone and the sensuality of her act had finally taken their toll. One more buzz, and she came. She bent over a little bit and let out an "Oh, oh, oh," so that even through the window, Brian would see her mouth and know what was going on.

She stood up straight again as the orgasm finished, and started dancing more quickly again. She turned her back to the window again, looked at it over her shoulder, and shook her ass. She turned back to the front and put her hands behind her head, lifting up her soft black curls as she pouted a bit and danced some more.

The phone buzzed again, but just once. A text message. She slid her hand down the front of her body and reached into her panties. She pulled out the phone -- the back of it was wet -- and looked at it.

"Guy walking dog across the street totally checking you out." She almost came again at the thought. Was it a neighbor? Someone she could seduce later? Or share a knowing look with at a block party? She thought of some anonymous guy going home and masturbating later to the thought of the pretty woman dancing in the window and then confronting her weeks later with what he had seen. Guess she'd better give him some more fodder.

She smiled a big grin at the window and slid the phone back into her panties. She continued dancing as she reached her hands up to the straps at her shoulders. She pulled one down and slid her arm out of it. Then she did the same to her other strap.

She reached down to the bottom edge of her bustier, which ended about four inches above the waistband of her panties. She unhooked the bottom hook and then slid her hands up to the top edge. She undid the top hook. Her phone began buzzing again as Brian called her.

She continued to undo the hooks from the bottom and then the top as she danced and swayed. Just two hooks in the middle were holding it shut. The top had opened up so that her cleavage was on fine display, particularly with her breasts squished together from the top. Her bottom half hadn't opened as much, but you could still see her bare stomach all the way up to her ribs.

She bent forward and made a kissing face at the window. She undid the last two hooks, and then slid her hands up to her tits, squeezing them forward. As she stood up, she held the bustier in place.

She mouthed to the window, "Do you want to see? Oh, yeah, let me show you. Oh, yeah!" And on the last, she flung open her hands and dropped the bustier to join the silk pajamas.

Now she was dancing in just her panties. Her breasts were jiggling as she swayed and bounced in front of her window for Brian and the guy across the street.

The phone kept buzzing. That, plus the thrill of what she was doing, sent her to another orgasm, and she made an even bigger show of it to make sure that the guy across the street would see.

She slid her hand down to the vibrating phone next to her pussy. She pressed it against herself, enjoying the last buzz. She reached her hand in to her panties, licked her lips in a big way toward the window, and pulled the phone out. 

She turned so she was in profile, brought up to her face, and licked the back of it, which was damp with her sweat and pussy juices. Then she slid her hands back down the front of her panties and slid them down a bit. The phone stopped buzzing.

She pressed the phone back against her pussy, over the panties this time, and turned so her ass was back to the window. She slid her free hand into her panties again and pushed them down a little further, so that her ass was hanging out of them. Still no buzz.

Back around she danced, and soon she was pushing the front of her panties down. Her bare pussy was visible now, and she pressed the phone back against it.

With her free hand, she brought her fingers up to her ear in the classic "Call me" pose. She swayed in front of the window, her panties slid down to her crotch, for a moment until the phone started buzzing again. She let out a moan.

She hooked her fingers in the side of her panties and tugged them down a bit. She slid her fingers across the front of her pussy, stopping to reach a finger into herself and take it out to stick it in her mouth. She slid it in and out. She slid her hand down to the other side of the panties and tugged that side down as well. That freed them enough, and they slid to the floor.

She was totally naked now, dancing for Brian and the guy across the street. Who knew who else had seen her? The thought of it made her pussy clench. She kept dancing, letting her breasts sway back and forth as the phone kept buzzing.

She turned again, putting her back to the window. She bent over, swinging her hips. She spread her legs so Brian would be able to see her shaved pussy beckoning him. 

A moment later, she heard a knocking at her door. She smiled. The guy across the street was going to get a nice show as she opened the door to welcome her lover.

She set the phone on the table and walked over to the front door. She flung the door open and said, "Get in here and fuck me!"

And then she let out a shriek. Instinctively, she covered her breasts with one arm and her pussy with another as she jumped behind the door.

Brian was there alright. Along with seven twentysomething guys. The smell of beer washed over her. Holy shit.

"Gloria," said Brian motioning to a handsome man to his right. He was slurring a bit. "This is my brother Steven. He's back from college. He and some of his friends were giving me shit and saying I hadn't had enough sex for college yet. So I started telling them about how you had agreed to be my sex slave for the summer, but then I realized I should just show them."

He smiled. "And then I realized you could show them for me."

His brother smiled the same smile. It had a predatory quality to it. Nature or nurture? she wondered. "That was smoking hot. I've never seen anything like that." The others nodded and leered. She smiled back, weakly. She stood naked a few feet from eight buzzed guys who had varying levels of hard-on visible through their jeans. She was pretty sure she was in for a crazy night, and she was suddenly unsure how she felt about it.

"You're being a bad host," said Brian. She looked at him timidly. It didn't stop him. "Why don't you invite us in for the rest of the show?"

He was right. She had agreed to be his sex slave after he and her yard boy Danny had had sex in front of her. She had even practically begged him for a gangbang. She swallowed and boldly stepped out from behind the door. She had wanted this. She was going to get it. No sense doing anything except enjoying it.

"Come on in, guys," she said shakily.

"Gloria," scolded Brian, "use your arms." She still had one draped over her breasts and another tucked between her legs. 

She dropped them and swept them inward. "Come on in, guys." she said again.

The group started to move forward, but Brian put out his hands to stop them. "I liked your first invitation better, Gloria. The one you used when you opened the door."

Oh, god. She had thought it was just Brian on the other side of the door. Maybe the guy across the street. She swallowed again.

"Get in here and fuck me," she said again.

"Louder," said Brian.

She raised her voice. "Get in here and fuck me," she said again.

"Louder!" said Brian.

She shouted. "Get in here and fuck me!" The throng of guys on her doorstep cheered and pushed in. They brushed past her, hooting and hollering.

As she turned to shut the door, Brian said, "Step out and wave to the guy across the street. I think he's feeling left out. No need to invite him this time, though." This time! She almost waved him over as well. Eight guys were about to fuck her. Would she even notice another one?

But she decided to follow Brian's lead. She stepped onto her doorstep, naked as she could be, and gave him a big wave. It was dark, but she saw his pale hand lift up and wave back.

Then, feeling the excitement of what was about to happen overwhelm her, she blew him a big kiss. He blew a kiss back. She smiled, turned, wiggled her ass at him, and then tucked into the door, closing and locking it behind her.

The eight guys stood in her hallway, staring at her.

"How about you show us the way to the bedroom?" said Brian. She did her best to not let her knees shake and started walking past everyone. But Brian grabbed her and pulled her to him. He turned her to face the others, and reached his hands up to cup her breasts from behind. Her nipples were rock hard, and she swallowed again as he kneaded them.

"You know what she likes, guys?" said Brian. "I mean, other than cock?"The other seven guys were shifting on their feet, antsy to use her. One had already unbuttoned his jeans, letting them hang open.

She could smell the beer coming off of Brian. She then noticed that two of the guys were holding six-packs of bottles. The party had come to her in spades.

"And I mean," Brian slurred behind her, "she really likes cock. Like really really." A couple of the guys fist-bumped each other. They were all staring at her and murmuring. The open lust on their faces and Brian's kneading were making her warm and wet again.

"She likes it when you fondle her and kiss her," he finally said, reaching his head down to kiss the naked nape of her neck. She shivered. "So, Gloria, while you're leading us to your bedroom so we can do what you asked us to do, maybe we should all give you a little feel as you walk by."

"Yeah," he said. "Let's let each of these guys get a feel of those nice tits of yours."

She nodded and took two steps across her hallway until she was right up against another guy. Aside from Steven and Brian, she didn't know any of their names. She wasn't sure if that made it better or worse.

Her first stranger reached up his hands and fondled her breasts. He reached one hand down and squeezed her ass. "Oh, yeah," he said to her and the group, "these tits are fine."

He let her go, and she stepped to the next guy down the row. He kissed her and slid a hand down to her pussy. "She's soaking wet," he announced. "I'm going to have fun fucking that," he said.

She proceeded down the hallway, letting each guy grope her as they wished. By the end, she was quivering from the attention. Brian was right: She liked having lots of guys run their hands over her.

She had also gotten a good idea of what was going to happen to her tonight. Two guys had said they couldn't wait to fuck her pussy. Two said they wanted to feel her mouth on their cocks. And two had said, "Can't wait to fuck that ass." And she imagined everyone would go at least twice. 

She began to lead them down the hallway.

"Look at that ass," she heard Steven say. "Man, that is tight. I'm going to fuck that so hard she'll be blue in the face."

"Nah," she heard another one say, "she'll be blue in the face because she'll have my dick down her throat." The guys all laughed. She blushed, surprising herself at her reaction to being discussed like a piece of meat. But the anxiety she had felt when she had seen them all had dissipated as the eight guys stroked her and kissed her and felt her up. By now, she was super horny. And she had an army of men waiting to take care of that.

As she walked into her bedroom, she turned and put her hands behind her back. 

"Get in here and fuck me," she said to them again, smiling largely this time.

The guy who had already unbuttoned his pants -- he had a killer whale tattoo on his arm, she noticed -- pulled them down and whipped out his cock. He was ready. "Come over here and suck on this, pretty little thing," he said. She got down on her knees and walked on them over to his dick.

As soon as she slid it in her mouth, the room erupted. It was as if they had all been waiting to see if it was really happening. She looked around from her cocksucking to see the seven other guys taking off their clothes. In just a moment, hard cocks in all shapes and sizes were jutting out in front of the guys. 
