 The Doctor (Giving More Then Medicine)

I've been a doctor for many years and I just recently got a job working at a clinic in a small town. I enjoyed my work but I had almost nothing to do everyday because not many seemed to be sick all that often. I had two very sexy nurses working with me, and I even had the pleasure of watching them change every now and then through a peep hole I made that leads directly to my office. I mean a guy has to do something to keep busy right? Both nurses had amazing breasts and looks like you wouldn't believe. Their uniforms seemed to have trouble fitting over their busts and so when the office was empty they usually unbuttoned their tops a little to make room which only pushed their breasts upwards showing me quite a bit. Sometimes I wonder if they knew how much they teased me and the way they look at me sometimes makes me wonder if they wanted me as much as I did them.

Today was a day like any other, I arrived early and watched my nurses dress through my peep hole and began some paper work. Then she walked in. If you ever even drove through this town you would notice her and probably get an immediate hard-on. Her name was Chantelle and she always walked the streets of our city wearing clothes that didn't exactly fit but made her look very appealing to any other person who passed her by. She was an 18 year old dream with long black hair and breasts that could give someone a heart attack. Today she was wearing a red dress, low cut at both ends. She was showing off all her curves and they were in all the right places. 

Just watching her made me want to go out there and fuck her right there but I had to gather myself together because in a few minutes I'd have to examine her and find out what's wrong (I was more then excited to get that started). As a doctor I had never had sex with any of my patients and so I knew I had to keep it that way so I couldn't try anything with her.

The nurse escorted her into the examining room and shortly after I entered. The nurse turned to leave but before she could Chantelle kissed her softly and said thank you. I found that all a little strange and as my nurse passed her I swear I saw Chantelle give her ass a little squeeze (but I was also distracted by the cleavage which was being shown by her movements).

I asked her what was wrong and she told me that she was hurting all over. I asked her what her symptoms were and she said I should take a look at everything. I started with her heart and as I checked it I noticed her breathing increased and she started moaning slightly as I grazed her breast. Next were the ears which were fine and finally her throat. I told her to open her mouth and say ahh, which she did in a slutty voice as she moved her tongue around in her mouth and pulled my finger in with it! I watched her suck my finger and move her tongue around the tip of it, my cock getting harder by the second. I knew then that we were going to have sex but I decided to have a little fun before.

I moved down to her legs and started moving her skirt up pretending to check for any rashes. She laid down on the table taken over with desire and passion. I made it to her pussy which was covered by only a skimpy black thong which I removed slowly with my teeth. I continued my journey upwards to those magnificent orbs of flesh. I pulled the straps of her dress down and was happy to see that she didn't like wearing a bra. I put my hand on her right breasts rubbing and squeezing it gently, moving my thumb over her nipple and watching as it came alive under my touch. Then I moved to her left breast repeating the motion and ending with sucking on her excited nipple. She must have enjoyed this because she took her dress all the way off and began rubbing her pussy. I told her to not worry about doing that, and I moved my hand to her pussy and put my finger inside feeling how wet and hot she was down there. She reached down with her hand and began stroking my cock through my pants, making me very hard and horny. I began sucking and licking her breasts all over rubbing the nipples hard and making her yell out in pleasure. 

My nurse must also have heard this because seconds later she entered the room and looked at us with a big smile on her face. She told me to keep going and that she wouldn't ever tell anyone as long as she got to do a little something to me. I could only nod my head as she walked over to me taking off her shirt and letting her boobs bounce out in front of me. She then moved downwards and started taking my pants off and before long my rock hard cock was in her mouth. I looked over at Chantelle and she seemed perfectly happy to watch so I looked back down at this hot nurse starting to give me a great blow job.

She started slowly, moving her tongue around the tip of my cock and then down my shaft and up again. She stopped once to lick and suck on my balls before running her tongue back up the length of me and inserting the head into her mouth. She applied a little sucking motion and I could feel her tongue still working me from inside her mouth. Inch by inch she moved it in deeper, sucking harder as she went. In only a few minutes the entire length of my cock was inside her mouth and felt her throat muscles start to squeeze me hard. It was the best deep throating I'd ever received!! I felt a tingle coming from my balls and I knew I wouldn't last very much longer. When I told her I was cuming she didn't move at all and so I exploded, filling her throat with my cum. She shallowed as much as she could (which was almost all of it) as cum started slipping out of her mouth and down her chin. She licked my dick clean and kept sucking until I had gone limp in her mouth.

"Now go play with your little friend doctor I'll just take a seat"

I didn't know if I could get the energy to do what I was told and Chantelle saw this. She simply told me to get on top of her and when I was she moved my limp cock to her mouth and began sucking it, putting it all in her mouth and looking up at me with the most slutty eyes I'd ever seen. I was surprised at how fast my hard-on came back and when I was half way there she took my cock out of her mouth and placed it between her breasts. I grabbed on to her boobs and started rubbing them over my cock. They were so big I was afraid I might lose my dick between them! She put her hands on my ass and started moving me in a humping motion, letting me slide in and out of her cleavage. 

It was then I heard a sucking noise coming from behind me and I saw Chantelle's face become full of pleasure and ecstasy. I looked back to see my nurse licking and sucking at her pussy, pushing her tongue in and out making Chantelle ride her face. My nurse had a very long tongue (as I had just found out a few minutes earlier) and it was excellent for tongue fucking it seems. All I could do was keep riding her chest, watching as Chantelle cried out for more. Then she screamed out and grabbed on the me hard as she came and filled my nurse's mouth with her sweet juices. I got off her boobs and moved down toward her pussy inserting my cock at the opening and then pushing myself all the way inside. She moaned with pleasure and climaxed a second time right then!


"Oh doctor, fuck me hard baby, fuck me..."

She didn't have time to say anything else as my nurse climbed on top of her face for a little pussy licking of her own. Chantelle seemed very happy to provide it and my nurse started pushing her pussy in her face as she bounced up and down. I fucked her hard and fast as I moved my dick in and out of her dripping wet lips. My nurse looked at me and soon filled my mouth with her tongue as I started rubbing her breasts and playing with her perky nipples. I could taste Chantelle's juices which were still left in her mouth and I noticed how sweet they were. I moved my hands down to my nurse's ass feeling her up and helping her to fuck Chantelle's face. 

I looked straight into her eyes and knew that she would be the first to cum. I watched as she threw her head back and let all her juices flow out and on to Chantelle's beautiful face. Then she simply fell off to the floor completely exhausted. Chantelle came only seconds later and surrounded my cock with her wetness. Then I finally blew my load for the second time and shot my seed deep inside her making her cum again and scream out in pleasure. I pulled out when my dick went limp and started licking her body from pussy up moving over her heaving chest slowing until I reached her messy face where I licked all of my nurses juices off her face enjoying the taste and the smell of her sex.

We all needed to be cleaned up so we headed to the nurse's changing room where to my surprise I found my other nurse! But that's a whole different story for another time. 

To Be Continued...