 CHAPTER 6 - The Season of Sharing

********
RIA
********

Shane and Tracy moaned though the paper-thin walls of the cabin, their urgent thrusts building to a fever pitch in the other room:

"I'm so close!" Tracy wailed.

"Me too!" my husband roared.

"Sheesh, listen to those two go at it!" Connor laughed. I reached down and grasped the iron bar of his cock, grinning inwardly at our reversal of fortune since last night, when Shane had been the one in my bed, and Connor with Tracy. Cooing happily, I wrapped my legs around his waist and pushed the tip of his penis back inside my body where it belonged.

"Jesus, you're tight..." Connor whispered.

"Jesus, you're big," I replied.

We tried to keep our own thrusting as quiet as possible, to better hear the other couple. We heard every moan, every kiss, every desperate gasp of breath, and then—

Then we heard them say, "I love you."

Connor and I both froze, paralyzed by the power of that word as if it had just tumbled from the mouth of Lord Voldemort himself. 

The funny thing is, it wasn't even the first time I'd heard Tracy and my husband say it to each other. After three years of close friendship, I'd heard those two say they "loved" each other on countless occasions. As friends. Like brother and sister. 

But NOT when they were in bed together. Shane wasn't supposed to say that word when—oh god—not when he was inside of her!

The way Connor was inside of me.

The day I married Shane, it had felt like a huge, uncertain piece of my future had finally clicked into place. For better or for worse, I thought my love life had been figured out: I would grow old with my husband, and that would be that. No more one night stands, no more boyfriends, no more surprises.

But now? I felt untethered. My love life had just cut away the mooring ropes, and set sail without a map.

I looked down at Connor's handsome face and saw the confusion his eyes, as well. Did I love Connor? Could I allow myself to love Connor? With the final barriers of physical intimacy now broken down between us, a flood of emotion poured out of me.

I started crying. Can you believe it? I started crying, right there in Connor's arms. With his penis still filling my body.

"Ria—" he whispered with concern. I shut him up with a long, slow kiss.

"Make love to me, Connor."

Without another word, he did. Tasting and touching, eons of eye-contact. Our first round of sex that night had been about the needs of our bodies. But round two was about something else entirely. It was about us: our shared adventures over the years, our unbreakable friendship, and all the feelings we'd never spoken out loud.

"Love."

Technically, it's just a word—but it's "just a word" in the same sense that the Sistine Chapel is just a room, the Mona Lisa just a painting, David just a statue. 

Connor's powerful muscles flexed as his body thrust up into mine. He rolled us both over, spreading my limbs out in all directions as he ground his pelvis against my clit. Waves of pleasure overwhelmed my senses once again, and high-pitched screams of ecstasy erupted from my lips:

"Aah! Aahhhh! Yes!!"

In that moment, I felt bliss; perfect, orgasmic euphoria, pinned beneath the body of a man I loved.

Then a pine tree fell through the bedroom wall.

********

SHANE

********

Tracy had just squeezed her enormous tits around my cock when we both heard what sounded like an explosion coming from the other room. 

Tracy and I both reflexively leapt to our feet and ran to help. We flung open the door to the other bedroom—

And found Connor and Ria lying on the floor together, each of them frozen in shock—his erection still halfway inside of her. Less than a foot away from them, a massive fallen pine tree had smashed through the wall and crushed the bed to splinters.

"Holy shit..." Connor blinked in surprise. 

"Are either of you hurt?" Tracy shouted.

"We're okay," Ria answered, her voice distant. "Connor rolled us both out of the way just in time."

It was surreal. None of us could decide whether to gawk at each other's naked bodies, or at the huge piece of nature that had interrupted our special night.

"Thank god you guys are alright," I sighed. "That noise scared the shit out of me."

Ria hugged Connor close, then climbed off of him and ran across the room to embrace me. She was shaking like a leaf, and her nude skin was coated with pine needles.

"That was like the scariest thing that's ever happened!" she sobbed. "I could see it starting to fall towards us, through the window—and I was screaming—but Connor was on top and I couldn't move!"

"I thought she was screaming, like, sex screams," Connor blushed. "I realized at the last possible second."

I shook my head in disbelief. "It's a miracle you two weren't crushed."

Tracy ran over and gave her boyfriend a naked, full-body embrace, as well. "Miracle is right! By all rights it should have been me in that bed tonight. If we hadn't all swapped partners—I mean, if Ria hadn't been here to see this thing falling..."

She didn't have to finish her sentence. A shiver went down my spine, and not just because snow had started blowing inside through the devastated wall. Ria and Connor had narrowly avoided death by evergreen. 

"I'll never look at Christmas trees the same way again," Connor muttered.

One by one, we all started laughing. Crazed, exhausted, merry laughter. Tears in our eyes. The four of us, naked in that snowy ruin of a bedroom.

Soon as we'd had a second to catch our breath, we quickly dressed and did our best to cope with the situation. The women called the local sheriff's office, who just advised us to seal off the room as best we could and wait until morning.

Connor and I headed outside with flashlights to check on the damage, which was luckily not as bad as I'd been expecting. The tree trunk had broken on impact, leaving just the very top inside the bedroom, the rest lying harmlessly on the ground. Just to be safe, we did a quick check of the other trees surrounding the property, but none of them looked even remotely threatening.

"Short of a random falling asteroid, the cabin should be pretty safe," I said.

As we headed back inside, Connor awkwardly mumbled, "So, Shane, are we both cool with what happened? I mean—uh—obviously you and Ria kind of planned it out, but..."

I sighed, remembering the look in Tracy's eyes when she'd confessed that she loved me earlier that night. Ria and I had planned on fucking them, but we hadn't planned everything.

"Actually, the four of us should probably have a talk."

Connor frowned. "Yeah. A talk."

...

When we got back inside, we found Ria stretched out on the couch in front of the downstairs fireplace—wearing my sweatpants and Connor's flannel shirt (an oddly appropriate combination, under the circumstances). She was oddly quiet.

"I'll get a fire up and running," Connor offered, sensing the awkwardness in the room.

Tracy emerged from the kitchen a moment later, carrying a bottle of dessert wine and four glasses. "Am I the only one here in desperate need of some alcohol?" she laughed. 

My heart beat a little bit faster when I saw her. She looked adorable, dressed in button-up pink fleece pajamas. I couldn't help but picture an obscenely big-breasted teddy bear.

With the fire going and the wine flowing, everyone cozied up together on the sofa. Ria was back on my lap, and Tracy was back on Connor's. Same as it ever was. If one of our other friends from back home had wandered inside and seen us all there, they'd never have suspected that anything was amiss.

But the tremendous weight of all that had happened still hung precariously in the space above our heads. When our wine glasses were finally empty, my wife looked up at me and whispered, "We heard you two. And I don't just mean the sex. We heard afterwards, when you said that you loved each other."

"Oh, honey..." I hugged Ria, but she seemed to have difficulty accepting the embrace.

"It's okay, really. I was mad for a second, but then—" her gaze drifted to Connor. "Then I looked into Connor's eyes and realized that I felt exactly the same way about him."

Connor looked down at the floor and swallowed hard. "Me too," he said quietly. 

It felt like the bottom had dropped out of my stomach. I closed my eyes, reminding myself to keep breathing while my insides tossed around like a lifeboat in a storm.

Tracy poured us all more wine. "Wish this stuff was a little stronger," she sighed.

Ria wiped fresh tears from her eyes. "It's my fault. I was the one who pushed for us all to have sex. I was the one who crossed the line. And now that we've all actually gone and done it, I don't know what happens next." 

She looked up at me, anxiously biting her lip. So beautiful. I somehow found my voice and answered, "Listen, what happened tonight wasn't any one person's fault. We're all guilty, right?"

The others nodded.

I continued, "We're all guilty, because we all wanted it to happen. No, scratch that—we all NEEDED it to happen. And that need has always been there, below the surface, every time the four of us have been together. We've spent three years clinging to a lie, because it's been the safest path."

The log in the fireplace cracked and spat out a swirl of sparks. Ria fidgeted uncomfortably. "What do you mean, a lie?" she asked.

I kissed her on the forehead. "Sweetie, the truth is, we aren't 'the double date that didn't end.' We never were. We aren't two couples who do everything together."

"What are you talking about?" Connor asked.

I looked over at him and Tracy, sitting beside us on the sofa. "Guys, would you mind scooting a little bit closer?"

They did.

I kissed my wife on the mouth. "Do you love me?" I asked.

She nodded. "Always."

"Now kiss Connor," I said.

Connor threw me a confused look, but I gestured that it was okay. Tentatively, Ria leaned away from me and locked lips with the other man. I took a deep breath, willing away the knot in my stomach. 

"Do you also love Connor?" I asked.

Ria nodded again, tearing up.

"Now kiss Tracy."

With much less reluctance, Ria took her best friend's head in her hands and planted a sweet, lingering smooch on the girl's lips.

"And do you love her, too?" I asked.

"Yes, of course."

"THAT's who we are, honey. We aren't two separate couples, we're Shane, Ria, Connor, and Tracy. Four people who love each other. Period. And that love means a different thing for each of us. You love Connor? That's okay, because I love Connor, too. I just don't want to have sex with him."

"Same to you, dude," Connor grinned. Everyone laughed. 

I continued, "I know it's not normal or average or who knows what. Maybe it's not what we all planned on when we were teenagers listening to love songs on the radio. But it's us."

"But what does that mean?" Connor asked. "Are we all really okay with swapping partners? Like, just whenever? It's not gonna make anyone jealous?"

I sighed, "I have no idea. Honestly, we probably will get jealous. I know I got jealous earlier tonight, watching you in that bathtub with Ria."

Connor turned red.

"BUT," I added, "not in the same way I'd be jealous if I ever saw Ria with some other guy. Not even close. And you know what? I was every bit as jealous last night, when I saw you fucking Tracy on the pool table. I think jealousy is just something we'll have to learn to live with, no matter what we decide to do."

Ria nodded, "Last year, a couple days before our wedding night, I told Shane that I would be 'okay' with it if he fooled around with Tracy. But ONLY with Tracy. No other woman. For some reason, it doesn't feel like cheating when it's with the two of you." 

"There you go, I guess that's a 'yes' to your question about swapping whenever we want," I said, looking at Connor.

"How about we don't call it 'swapping?'" Tracy interjected. "I don't like that word."

"Then what?" Ria asked. 

Tracy's eyes brightened. "Sharing," she suggested.

"Ooh, I like that!" Ria giggled. "We don't 'swap' and we don't 'swing.' We 'share' ourselves with each other! Really gets into the Christmas spirit, doesn't it?"

We all smiled at the thought. I hugged Ria again, and this time she hugged me back wholeheartedly.

"Sharing it is, then," I said. "As of tonight, we all share with each other."

"Merry Christmas, to us," Ria whispered, and kissed me on the lips.

Tracy got up to fetch some more booze, and as soon as she'd vacated Connor's lap, my wife scooted over to take her place.

"Merry Christmas, to me," she giggled again, and sensually kissed my buddy on the lips. 

Tracy returned a moment later with a bottle of honey bourbon, and smiled the sight of Ria and Connor making out. With Connor's lap now occupied, she headed for mine.

"So Ria..." Tracy teased, settling her soft buttocks down onto my lap. "Since we all agreed to share, you've gotta tell me: how was it, finally fucking my boyfriend?"

Ria blushed. "Amazing."

"Come on, give us details!" Tracy giggled.

Ria stroked a loving finger across Connor's chin, then quickly kissed him again. "At one point, Connor actually lifted me into the air and fucked me standing up. I've never done anything like that before, it was like something out of a porno movie!"

"Ooh sounds like fun," Tracy said.

"What about you, Trace?" Connor asked. "How was it being with Shane, after all these years of build-up?"

"Sooo good," she purred, wiggling her hips on my lap. "Shane tied me up, and blindfolded me, and teased me so bad I wanted to scream."

"I teased YOU?" I laughed. "What about that see-through nightie you wore to bed? You looked so sexy I couldn't even remember my own name."

"Aww, thanks." Tracy pressed her soft, pouty lips to mine. Instinctively, I cupped her breast in my hand and trailed kisses down her neck.

Tracy turned to Connor while I nibbled at her throat:

"How about you, stud? How was your first time with Ria?"

"Yeah, what was it like having sex with my wife?" I asked.

Connor turned red, refusing to look at me. "It was good," he mumbled. 

"Just 'good?' That's it?" I teased.

He laughed. "Okay, fine! It was awesome! Seriously, I don't even know where to start. Ria was on fire the whole time. First, she wrapped her wet panties around my cock, then she rode me cowgirl, then she crawled away from me and, like, waggled her insanely fine ass in the air until I fucked her from behind."

He emphasized his story by squeezing my wife's butt. 

Tracy gasped, "Did you fuck her in the ass?"

"Uh, no," Connor said, blushing again.

Ria quirked an eyebrow at him. "Did you want to?" she asked.

Tracy burst out laughing. "Are you kidding?! Anal sex is like one of Connor's all-time biggest 'Ria fantasies.'"

Connor gulped. "Well, yeah—I mean, if that's alright."

"I haven't had anal sex in years," Ria said. "It's not really Shane's thing, so we never do it."

Connor looked at me like I was crazy. 

"But," Ria whispered into Connor's ear, "Maybe that can be my Christmas present to you." 

I smiled at Tracy, "And what would you like for Christmas, little girl? Got any 'Shane fantasies?'"

"Ooh, I've got a bunch, but there is one in particular..."

"What is it?" I asked.

"You're such a talented painter, I've always dreamed about having you paint me. Naked."

"You mean like a nude portrait?"

"No, I mean, like—you know how they paint those bikini models in Sports Illustrated? The body paint? I think it would be so hot to take off all my clothes and have you do that."

I hugged her tightly. "Tracy, in real life that takes like ten hours and makes you smell like toxic waste."

"Oh," she deflated. "I guess it wouldn't be quite as sexy as I imagined, then." 

"Hey, don't worry. I'll figure something out. I think painting you would be just about the sexiest thing ever."

Ria looked over at me and called out, "Okay Shane, now it's your turn to tell us how much you enjoyed your night with Tracy. Was it everything you hoped for? Tell us the truth."

I shook my head, "I choose dare."

"You can't choose 'dare!'" Ria laughed. "We aren't playing Truth or Dare."

"Dare," I insisted.

She looked to Tracy and Connor for support, but they both just shrugged. 

"Fine!" she exclaimed. "In that case, I dare you to... pull down Tracy's pajamas and plant a big wet kiss right on her butt!"

Tracy squealed like a happy child as I hopped to my feet—bent her over the edge of the couch—and peeled her cozy pink pajama bottoms down to her knees. A festive red g-string stared back at me from between those smooth, sumptuous buttocks.

I attacked her ass with a thousand hungry kisses.

"Wow," Tracy laughed. "When you do a dare, you really do a dare!"

She bent to pull her pants back up, but Ria tsk-tsked:

"I never said anything about Tracy putting her pajamas back ON."

Tracy rolled her eyes, but didn't argue. She dropped her nearly naked ass back onto my lap.

I grinned at my wife, "Okay, Ria: truth or dare?"

"Dare."

I gestured down between Tracy's bare thighs, where my fingers were stroking in slow circles. "See what I'm doing to Tracy? I dare you to do this to her for a full sixty seconds—but with your tongue."

"Ooh, I like these dares!" Tracy grinned. 

Ria climbed off of Connor and knelt in front of us, gently spreading Tracy's legs apart. She licked her lips in anticipation...

"Awesome," Connor said.

Then my wife leaned in and licked the sensitive flesh of Tracy's inner thigh.

Tracy wiggled back and forth on my lap, her breath coming faster and faster as the minute ticked by. Her eyes scrunched shut, and she pouted with frustrated arousal.

"Ria, I'm getting so wet from you doing that," she whined.

Smiling, Ria circled her tongue directly across the darkening wet crotch of Tracy's red thong. The girl dug her nails into my thighs, now gasping for breath—

"Time's up!" Connor called out.

Tracy shot him an angry snarl.

"Hey, don't blame me, blame the clock on the wall!"

Beaming with naughty pride, Ria sat back down on Connor's lap. She looked over at the friend she'd just been licking.

"Okay, Tracy: truth or dare?"

"I'm gonna go crazy if I get another dare like that, so truth."

Ria tapped her chin, thinking. "Be honest: in all the years we've been friends, have you ever wanted to fool around with me, before the other night?"

"Maybe," Tracy grinned. 

"You can't say 'maybe!'" I said, giving the girl on my lap a playful spanking.

"Okay, fine! Yes! I just never—I don't know—never took those feelings seriously, I guess. Like, I'd see Ria in a really pretty dress or something, and then suddenly I'd be daydreaming about making out with her, and rolling around naked with her and—I don't know, it was always kind of confusing."

"Doesn't sound very confusing to me," Connor said. "Sounds like you've always had a pretty clear cut case of the hots for your best friend."

Tracy looked flustered. "Well, I don't see why that's so surprising to you. I seem to remember telling you a whole bunch of times how sexy it would be for us to have a threesome with Ria."

"Yeah, but I thought all that was just to turn me on in bed!" Connor laughed. 

"Well, maybe I liked those stories too, okay?"

He held up his hands defensively. "I'm not complaining, Trace."

She frowned at him. "Truth or dare, Connor."

"Dare," he said. 

"I dare you to strip buck naked, and then show Ria some of those crazy handstand push-ups you can do."

"No problem!" he shrugged, getting to his feet. 

My wife watched with rapt attention as he unbuttoned his shirt and unzipped his pants. Connor's thick, erect cock strained against the material of his boxers.

"Ria, would you do the honors?" he asked.

She reached out her slender fingers—shaking with a slight tremor of arousal—and stroked him. Then she grabbed the elastic of Connor's waistband and tugged it down the length of his legs, leaving his throbbing penis pointing right at her lips.
