 I'd been flirting with a guy that I had met for some time, trading raunchy texts back and forth. He would come up with all sorts of nasty things he wanted to do to me and I'd always respond that I would. He would get bolder and bolder but nothing ever scared me off. I thought he was hot and got a feeling that he was a confident guy but I wondered though if he was all talk and my fantasies would never come true.

One day he invited me to his house to watch the game with him and some of his friends. I said I would go but hoped that we'd be able to finally get to business after everyone was gone. I didn't want to show up looking like a slut even though we both knew that I was so I wore some shorts and a top that showed off my cleavage. I put my hair into a sexy low ponytail and made sure my lips were glossed. When I showed up at his house, he looked me over and smiled appreciatively.

"The guys have been here for a while already. We're drinking beer and waiting for the game. Grab a beer if you want and make yourself comfortable. I think you'll be surprised how much fun you're going to have." He winked and instantly I knew something was up.

We walked into the living room and the guys were all laughing and drinking. I realized that I was the only girl there. He interrupted everyone and said, "Hey everyone, this is Amanda. She's going to be our half-time entertainment."

I was shocked and I'm sure it showed on my face but the guys all started applauding and cat calling. I hadn't said no to anything he had proposed before so I sure as hell wasn't going to chicken out and leave. I've never been a tease and wouldn't have wanted anyone to think I was. I noticed in front of the couch was a low, padded bench with ties on each of the legs. I started thinking about all the things that they could do to me on there and my pussy started to get seriously wet. I did a quick mental count - nine guys. I can do this, I thought to myself.

He put his arm around me and said, "Now finish your beer then get undressed. We're going to help you get ready for halftime." He disappeared down the hall and the guys returned to their conversations but several kept eyeing me closely. I put my beer down and started to strip off my clothes. I was standing there completely naked and I could see most of the guys were already bulging in their pants. He came back to me and had some things in his hands - a ball gag, a butt plug, a bottle of lube and an inflatable dildo. My heart started to race and I couldn't tell if was anxiety or excitement. He put the ball in my mouth, making my mouth side wide open, and clasped it behind my head.

"Come over here and lay on your stomach on the bench." He walked me over and put me in position. Four of the guys got down and tied my arms and legs to the bench. "We're going to put this plug and dildo in you to give you a warm up. You're going to sit there through the first half until we are ready for you." I nodded that I understood and mentally prepared myself to be impaled.

Lube dripped over my ass and pussy and a couple of guys fondled me, pushing the lube into my ass. I couldn't help letting out a little moan. "Oh she's gonna be fun," one guy said. I felt the butt plug first. It wasn't too big, just right for a warm up of fun to come. I felt it stretching my asshole more and more until it was finally in and my hole snapped around it tight, keep it in. He inserted the dildo into me. It was short so the whole thing could fit inside me. Slowly he pumped it up just until he saw the butt plug may want to come out then he eased a little air out. He wanted to stretch me out and keep me stretched. The guys all fondled me, pinching my nipples and pushing on the dildos but then the game started.

I was there, butt ass naked, tied to a bench, a ball gag, butt plug and dildo in me but suddenly I'm a piece of furniture. He leaned back, put his feet up on my back and swigged his beer. My ass was throbbing, my mouth felt like I may not be able to close it again, my pussy felt beyond full and some guy put his plate of pizza on my ass. I felt humiliated like I have never felt before. The guys watched the game but occasionally, when they got up for beer or to take a piss, they would pinch my nipples, make sure the dildos were tight and told me that I was being a good girl.

At the end of the first quarter, one of the guys asked my friend if he thinks I could take a beer bottle up my ass. He said, "I hope so. Let's find out." He slowly pulled the butt plug out of my ass and dribbled some lube into the hole. The guy finished off his beer and put the wide end at my asshole. He pushed back and forth gently, hoping to ease it in. My ass opened just enough and he slid the bottle up to the neck but the inflatable dildo almost came out. The guys all cheered and some high fived each other.

"Hey let's put one in her cunt too," someone said. The dildo was pulled out and a beer bottle was inserted roughly. "Hey don't damage the doll, jackass," another guy said. All I could do was whimper softly. I couldn't move or say anything. The guy who put the beer bottle in my pussy held the one in my ass in place while he gently fucked me with the one in my pussy. "I'm sorry, doll," he said. Several of the guys took pictures on their phones of my double beer bottle achievement, getting close up shots.

The game started again and I was back to being furniture. I started to not mind it so much and I was thankful for the nicely padded bench making it easier to stay there but my holes were stretched and aching and I was on the verge of cumming. It was so frustrating that I kept praying for time to move faster. Toward the end of the second quarter, I could see the guys in front of me checking me out and getting hard as they anticipated half-time.

He leaned down to me and said, "Ok, you're on. I'm going to watch these guys fuck you. You and I will play later. I'm going to take the gag out but I want that mouth open the entire time waiting for the next one to fill it. After they are done with you, you will go shower and then lay in my bed. Understand?" I nodded my understanding and he took the gag out. It was only seconds and a rock hard cock was in my mouth. The bottles were taken out of my pussy and ass and another hard cock was plunged into my ass. Stilled tied to the bench, the two guys fucked my mouth and ass as if they were fucking my pussy. There was no romance or civility here, it was a pure use of my body. The cock in my mouth hit the back of my throat over and over at the same time the guy in my ass thrust into me. I thought they were going to make an accordion out of me and they obviously had done this before. The guy in my ass shot off a load buried in my ass up to his balls. A few seconds later, the guy in my mouth started to cum and tried to push it directly down my throat.

The next three guys untied me. One laid down and made me sit on his cock. He was big and I was grateful it wasn't in my ass. One got behind me and pushed into my asshole while the other slid his cock into my mouth. The guys pumped my pussy and ass good but the best was the guy who fucked my mouth. He was a good 9" long and wanted me to take it down my throat. What he did to me took my mind off the guys in my other holes as they pounded me hard. This guy lifted my head and angled it so my mouth and throat were pretty much a straight shot. He pushed slowly, a little further each time. I gagged and choked but I caught the eye of my friend and he motioned for me to open my mouth wide. I opened as wide as I could and the guy slid every inch into my mouth and down my throat. I suddenly knew what they meant by throat fuck. I had never had anything like that in and out of my throat but I couldn't even gag. The guy just grinded on my face, his fingers in my hair, holding my head so I couldn't move. The guy in my mouth was the first to cum but instead of cumming down my throat he came at the back of my mouth and told me not to swallow or close my mouth until the next cock came in. So there I was with my mouth open and cum in my mouth but no cock yet. The other two guys continued to fuck me.

The throat fucking guy said to my friend, "Man, you found a good girl. She listens and follows directions. She's a real pleaser. You think I can borrow her sometime?" He said, "She's not mine yet to say yes but I'll let you know."

The guy in my ass pulled out and came on my back. The guy in my pussy pulled out and shoved his cock into my ass, forcing me to sit on it. I wanted to scream but the cum in my mouth only gurgled. He gave me a few good pumps then came hard up my asshole. I really, really wanted to close my mouth and swallow the cum but I wanted to be the good obedient girl they said I was. It was so incredibly hard.

The next three guys commented on my performance and how impressed they were that I was taking it all. I stood up and they turned me the other direction. The guy on bottom slid his cock up my ass and started pumping me. A guy straddled me and slid his cock into my mouth just as I was about to close it out of desperation. I swallowed the cum as he went in and it sucked his cock deeper into my mouth. The last guy spread my legs so wide that I thought I was going to be wishboned and then I knew why. He was huge. His cock felt wide like the inflatable dildo and it was being pulled and pushed, in and out of me. The guy in my mouth finished quick and said, "Anyone want seconds real quick?" No one did so they let me finally close my mouth. I almost couldn't close it. My jaw ached like crazy but at the same time it felt so good to know I had done well.

The guys in my other holes pounded me like a ragdoll and for the first time I could really let go and scream in pleasure. Hearing me scream made them fuck me even harder and they came within a minute of each other. At the end, the guys all did cheers with their beer to me while I stood there naked and sweaty. The timing was pretty good. We didn't run too much over halftime as the guys really got down to business. Good thing it was being DVR'd just in case.

I knew what to do next but wasn't sure exactly what was coming. I walked down the hall to the master suite and got in the shower. I soaped from head to toe, rinsed my mouth and took the shower head down to douche in my pussy. I peeked out of the shower and didn't see him so I got out and toweled off. I pulled back my hair again and padded out to the bedroom. Still no sign of him so I got on the bed and waited. It must have been the end of the third quarter when he came in. I had almost fallen asleep after being put through such a hard fucking.

"It seems to me that you like to be submissive and you do it well," he said. I could only give a small nod and lowered my eyes. "I can help you with that. Today was a taste of what I can put together. Sorry I had to throw you into the deep end so quick. I knew that if you objected or got scared off that you wouldn't be the girl for me. It was a surprise and you didn't back down. You did a good job. How would you like to be my doll?"

"Your doll?" I said.

"Yep. Sexually, you would be mine. You belong to me. I will have you whenever I want you and however I want you. Your sole desire should be to please me in any way I want. You will listen and obey my rules. When you are good, I will reward you and treat you like a princess. If you make me unhappy, I will devise an appropriate punishment. Punishments won't harm you, only remind you of who is in charge."

I could feel my pussy getting wet again thinking about all of the things he may do that I had always wanted. I already got the gangbang. Maybe there would be more of that, I thought. What about the friend that wanted to "borrow" me? I could be a good doll.

"Yes," I said simply.

"Good. We'll go over the rest of the details later. For now, I want you to lay back on the bed."

He pulls something out from under the bed and I could hear him rummaging through things. He finally came out with a dildo and a butt plug. "These are what you will have inside you every night while you sleep. Both of your holes must be plugged all night. The only person who can put them in or remove them from you is me. You will be fucked every night at bed time in either hole. If I want to fuck your ass, I will pull out the plug, fuck you, cum in you and reinsert the plug. Got it? I'm going to put them in now and leave you to take a short nap."

I watched him lube them up and my pussy was wetter than it had ever been in my life. He had me turn over and lift my ass and inserted the plug. After the fucking I just had, it was sore but the plug wasn't too big so it was fine. He then turned me over and inserted the dildo. Without a word, he left the bedroom. I could hear some mumbled talk in the living room and what sounded like high-fiving again. He must have announced my agreement. I fell asleep and dreamed about the gangbang I just experienced. It was a light sleep and I could vaguely feel the dildo and plug inside me. They felt good in me and made me feel full making for a sweet sleep. I woke up when I heard the guys leaving and everyone saying goodbye. One guy said he'd be calling after I got my training complete to ask about borrowing me. It must have been the guy that asked about it earlier.

He came into the bedroom and smiled at me. "OK, now we'll see what else you can do," he said. The thought made my heart race again. I was excited and happy but a little nervous and scared too. He got undressed and I saw the most perfect cock I have ever seen. He was about 9 inches long and a very wide girth. Plenty to make me feel full, stretched and happy but not destroy me.

He came over to the edge of the bed and told me to come to edge on my back with my head hanging over. I came over and opened my mouth expectantly. He slid his cock into my mouth and gently fucked it like he was fucking a pussy and not my mouth. He tasted so good and I could feel the veins on my tongue. He turned me around and pulled the dildo out of my pussy. His fingers pulled my pussy lips wide and he slid his cock deep into me. I wasn't sure if I would be loose after the pounding I took and the dildos but he filled me and my swollen pussy was tight around him.

He reached down and held the plug in place while he fucked my pussy deep. I could feel him pressing into my cervix letting me know he was taking every bit of me as his. I wanted to feel his hot cum splashing deep inside me.

"I won't stop you from cumming now but that will be something we will work on. You'll learn to cum only when I tell you to cum. You want to cum now, don't you?"

I nodded feverishly and had a massive orgasm. He pushed all the way into me and pushed hard on the plug as I came.

"Good doll. Now it's time to stretch."

He pulled out of me and then dipped in two fingers. His fingers fucked me, sliding on my juices. He added a third, then a fourth. He was reaching into me as if he was looking for something he had lost. Then I felt his thumb and thought, oh crap he's going to fist me. We had talked about this and now he was seeing if I was able to live up to it. I had always wanted to be fisted but the reality of it scared me now.

"Shhh, it's ok. I'm going to go in slowly. Spread wide doll."

I spread my legs and the plug was about to come out when he pushed it in again. It would have been easier if he had taken it out but he wasn't about doing things easy. It was about pushing my limits. I took his hand almost to his wrist and had exploding orgasms, one after another. He pulled out his hand and reinserted my dildo. The dildo was a welcome relief. He turned me over and pulled the plug out finally.

"I want you leaned over the bed, legs together."

I did as I was told and felt his cock against my ass. He pushed into me all the way while keeping the dildo inside me. He fucked me slowly as he talked to me. "This part is important. I'll be training your ass to take a cock at any time. You will be sore tomorrow and probably for a few days but you'll get through it. You will give me any part of you whenever I want it without question. Understood?"

"Yes," I breathed as all nine inches slid in and out of me. He fucked my ass for what seemed like forever but was most likely a half hour. It got to the point that his cock up my ass felt like it had always been there. He started to move in and out of me more quickly and the dildo popped out of my pussy. He didn't move to put it back it in, just continued to hump my ass harder and harder. It was heaven and I couldn't wait for him to cum up my ass. He pulled me up by my hair then reached around to pinch my nipples while he pumped deep into my asshole. I came again and he pinched my nipples so hard I thought they would pop off. Finally, he came inside me. Jolts of cum thundered out of his cock deep into me. He kept me there, gripping my tits while his cock throbbed.

He leaned forward and whispered to me, "Hey doll, you're calling out sick from work tomorrow. I have an all day training planned that you're going to love." He pulled his cock out, reinserted the plug and dildo, then went to get a shower. I was left there feeling out of my body. I had just taken 9 guys over the course of 4 or 5 hours and agreed to be his doll. I wasn't sure what exactly I had gotten myself into but it felt like I had found the dominant man I had been wishing to find. I fell asleep and dreamed about the training I would have the next day.