 We arrived at the club early. We were both nervous, and I think wanted to get a few drinks in us and get the sexual energy rolling -- prime the pump, so to speak. My wife Anne and I had talked about something like this several times, gotten lap dances together, flirted with single women and even couples at clubs, but this was the first time a plan was actually in place.

"Get a drink?" I asked Anne after we had paid the cover and entered the main area of the club. [what the hell is it called??]

"Absolutely," she said with what sounded not like enthusiasm, but more like relief.

I ordered a rum and Coke for her, a beer for me and tequilla shots for us both. "Well, here's to...uh...adventure," I said as we lifted our shots. On the stage nearest us a brunette dancer with small, ripe tits danced to [SomeSong]. We had a seat at the stage and I brought out the ones that had been changed when we came in. She gave Anne plenty of attention as I stacked the bills in front of my wife.

Before the first song had even ended a man approached where we were seated. "Marcus and Anne?"

I stood. "Yes!" I wheeled around quickly to see the man I presumed to be Steve. His fit appearance belied his reported age of "mid-forties" and gave the appearance of someone about my own age of 33. I stood as he stuck out a hand attached to a muscular forearm, which was in turn attached to a muscular rest of a body. "I'm Jake," he said, pumping my arm. "Britt's on her... oh here she is."

The petite redhead in a tight red dress handed a beer off to her husband before embracing my wife and I in turn. "We're so glad to finally meet you!"

"Same here." My nervousness precluded me having the same enthusiasm Jake and Britt displayed. "We just... uh got here and were... uh taking in the surroundings," I gave a nervous smile.

"Well, here, here, sit back down." Jake took the seat at the stage next to me and Britt went around to sit on the other side of Anne. "Mmm, very nice," Jake said referring to the dancer who was crawling toward him on all fours. "So, Marcus, what is it you said you did."

"Uh... web design."

"Great! Yeah, always wanted to try my hand at that. Gotta learn how to work my Tivo first. Ha!"

He struck up a regular conversation, peeling off dollar bills and stacking them up on the stage without really paying attention to what was going on there. He and his wife made a living buying properties in the area, rehabbing and flipping them. "I'm no real handyman, myself. I just find the right people to come in and work their magic." We talked work and then the Broncos' current quarterback situation, and outside of the environment it was set in, the conversation was pretty much your standard get-to-know-ya chit-chat. Catching a few words passing between the women, I could tell that Britt had engaged Anne in a similar conversation.

Eventually a new song by the deejay sparked Britt to jump up from her chair. "Ooh, Anne, c'mon we've just got to dance to this!" and led Anne out onto a mostly deserted dance floor.

"There they go," laughed Jake. "So, Marcus, first time to this?"

This was clearly their M-O, separate us and talk individually to get us comfortable with everything. They'd done this once or twice before. "Yeah. And I really didn't know what to expect, so forgive me if..."

"No, no, no. No need to apologize. We're just here to get to know you. Here's how it goes: We only play with couples we like and who are comfortable with playing with us. So we get to know each other. At the end of the night, or next week or whenever, if we all agree to something, we explore that. If not...." He shrugged. "If we decide not to, at least we get to meet another cool couple, right?"

It was hard to argue with, but then used car salesmen can be hard to argue with too. "Uh, absolutely right. Looks like the girls are having fun."

"Oh, absolutely. This is a fun club. Great place to meet people."

I knew by "people" he met other swingers. The dance floor had started to attract a bit of a crowd, and it was difficult to tell who was really dancing with whom. Our wives had attracted a couple older men that they flirtingly danced with before Britt would pull Anne's attention back to her alone. I tried to act as nonchalant as Jake seemed to take it.

"What do you drink?" he asked me.

"Beer's fine."

"Something stronger," he seemed to insist.

"Ok... bourbon."

"See, I took you as a bourbon guy." He ordered us Maker's Mark on the rocks. "Here's to an exciting night," he offered when they came. On cue, our wives returned as we toasted what was to come.

"I see you boys have moved on to something stronger," Anne said. Britt had apparently brought her out of her shell. "Maybe I'll have an appletini."

We moved to a side table away from the stage in order to have a conversation amongst the four of us. Again, it was your normal get-to-know-ya stuff; what did we do for fun, what were our favorite restaurants in town, how long had we been married? Eventually Anne posed the question, "So do you two meet very many other couples."

"Meet them? Ha ha, sure!" Britt answered.

"Hey, Marcus. Care if I dance with Anne?"

"Um, no. By all means."

"So, we meet all sorts of couples, but we only play with a few we like. Jake probably mentioned that, right?"

"Right. So, what do you think about Anne?"

"Oh! She's a doll. Very sexy, Marcus. You're very lucky."

"Thanks." I grinned at her. I had a chance now to take in this sexy redhead with my eyes. The red dress was stretched over a petite frame and cut low to offer the eyes a taste of cleavage between a set of pert b-cups. "Well, I have to say that Jake is extremely lucky as well."

She laughed and put her hand to my shoulder. "Oh, you are just too sweet! What a great couple you two make. So what made you decide to try this?"

I stammered a second. From someone else this might have seemed like an accusation: "You two make a marvelous couple, why are you looking to fuck that up?" But Britt's eyes held no such accusation. She wanted to know, to have an honest answer. This was gut-check time I thought.

"To be honest, we've always liked exploring our sexuality. She has a fantasy to be with another woman. I've always felt it would be interesting to be watched by someone else, even watched by a group. Whatever we do, we want to do it together. I guess it took a while to work up the nerve, but here we are." I was blushing. more nervous now than ever.

Britt took both of my hands in hers. "Oh that's marvelous! A lot of the first-time couples have no idea what they are getting into. They haven't discussed it between themselves let alone are ready to discuss what they want with another couple. Be honest with us, but more than that, be honest with each other. And whatever we do, we're here for fun right?"

"Absolutely!"

"Then come dance with me!"

On the floor already, Jake and Anne were dancing casually, enjoying themselves but still at about a half-arm's length between them. Britt immediately established a new precedent in the relationship, pulling me into her and grinding her hips into me. Her nails raked my back. I looked to Anne as if to say, "Wow!" She threw her head back and laughed and pulled Jake to her. Britt turned and ground her ass into me, took my hands and ran them over her body, over her tits and back down to her hips. Halfway through the song, Jake interuppted and reclaimed his wife with a slap on my back.

As I moved back to Anne she slipped her hand down over my enormous erection. "Oh did you enjoy dancing with Britt?" I just laughed. "I LOVED dancing with her!" Anne exclaimed. "And I know for a fact that Jake enjoyed dancing with me," and she laughed. It was a relief. Anne was having fun. I had been so afraid that she was joining in on this escapade merely to placate me, though we had talked extensively about it. We could have left the club then, just the two of us, and I would have judged the night a success.

We danced a while longer, sometimes together, sometiems with Britt and Jake and sometimes with some random person in the melange of bodies on the dance floor. An older, yet handsome blonde woman surprised me with a kiss as we danced together. This just made Anne laugh harder than she had before. I spied her kissing Britt's neck as they danced together and grew even more excited. My new partner noticed my erection and began running her hand over my growing bulge. Anne gave me a wicked smile and then ran her hand up Britt's thighs under her dress.

With as much subtley as I could muster, I lost the handsome blonde in the crowd and then moved back over to dance behind Anne, my cock planted firmly at her ass as she fingered Britt. Jake had joined us and now we sandwiched the women. Over Anne's shoulder, Britt grabbed my head and pulled me forward to plant a passionate kiss on me while Jake sucked at her neck. My cock pressed hard against Anne's ass and she pushed back grinding into me.

As the song ended, Anne grabbed my hand and took me back to a table in the corner, "I need to have you now! Where can we go?"

"The bathroom?" I suggested.

"I don't know. Normally I would, of course! I'd just hate to get caught and thrown out of here after just meeting Jake and Britt."

"The car then?"

"Whose car?" asked Jake as he and Britt joined the table.

"Oh I," Anne hesitated a moment, "I just need to fuck my husband NOW!" We all laughed.

"Oh my god, I completely understand!" exclaimed the hot little redhead. "Jake, let's go back to our place. We have a room at the hotel across the street for just such an occasion. It isn't much, but there are two beds," she added slyly.