 This is part 4 of an on-going series. You can read it as a stand-alone story, but I do not recommend it. I had submitted this part over a week ago, but it was rejected. It was too hardcore for Literotica. I've made a huge overhaul of the story to meet the standards of the site, so here it is. 

Part 5 is coming soon, and it will be the conclusion of Emily's story. 

*****

Something in me changed after the encounter with the bag boy David. Something shifted, but I cannot put into words exactly what it was. Up was still up, and down was still down and yet...the way I viewed myself and the world around me had changed in some fundamental way. His words would not leave me. I ate with them, worked with them, slept with them and dreamed of them. Was I, as he had said, a monster?

I had long believed that everything that had happened to me in my life had been my own fault. I knew that. I took responsibility for all of it, and yet something, some tiny voice that had been hidden all these years was now trying to speak up. To refute my being a monster.

What if? What if all of it had not been my fault? What if some of it, just some mind you, was the fault of others? What would that even mean? Would that change anything? Would it change the way I looked at the world? Would it change the way I interacted with it? Would it change how I looked at myself?

I didn't know, but the one thing I did know was that the word monster haunted me. I could either lay claim to it and embrace it or I could stop, reevaluate my life and change things. 

But that thought stopped me cold. Wasn't that exactly what I had been doing when I moved to the Pacific Northwest? I had been trying to change my life, and yet no matter what I did, that did not seem possible. Bad choices and horrible events were still following me. I may have changed where I lived, but I hadn't changed me.

I went to work the next morning in a weird frame of mind. When Kyle came in my office to say good morning I was no longer as attracted to him as I had been the day before. Maybe, I thought, the best thing for me would be to swear off all men. The good as well as the bad. Maybe the best thing would be to spend some time alone and think. To stop having sex and stop looking at men altogether. 

With that in mind I was polite to him, but distant. He was cute and he was kind, but he was a man and I needed a break.

I kept my nose down and worked hard all day and when four o'clock rolled around I told everyone I had an appointment and left for the day. I didn't have to report to anyone, but I didn't want my co-workers to think I was already goofing off. 

Instead of going home I made the three hour drive to Seattle. I shopped for a couple of hours, buying non-perishable items in bulk, bought a yoga mat and some DVDs, visited a book store and had dinner. It was nice to be back in a big city, with the hustle and bustle. It took another three hours to get home, but the trip had been worth it. I felt better in mind and body. That was until I drove through town. 

I was about to turn onto my street when I saw a police cruiser at the light opposite me. My stomach knotted in tension as I sat through the red light. When it finally changed to green I turned slowly and looked back at the police cruiser. My worst fears came true. It was Officer Thompson and as I turned my head towards him our eyes met.

The short ride to my house was horrible. My hands and legs were shaking so badly that even just pressing the gas pedal seemed difficult. When I had finally managed to park in my drive-way, crooked, I had to sit for over ten minutes before I could find the strength to get out of my Jeep.

I walked around to the back of my Jeep and as I did I saw that the old bitch from across the street was out in her front yard with her dog on a leash. Before I could stop myself I walked over to her. Obviously she was afraid of me because when she saw me coming she quickly picked up her dog, one of those tiny, yappy things, and turned to go back in her house.

"Wait! Please!" I said and rushed towards her.

She hesitated and that was enough for me to catch up to her. She turned towards me wearily and I put my hands behind my back as I faced her.

"What do you want?" she asked in a nasty tone of voice.

I took a deep breath. "I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to get off on the wrong foot with you and I'm sorry we did."

She looked at me for a minute. She still looked weary, but less inclined to turn and make a break for it. I tried again. "I know I was nasty with you and I'm sorry for it. I hope you can accept my apology and we can start again."

"Why?" she asked, her mouth turned up like she was eating something sour.

I shrugged my shoulders. "Because I'm new here. I don't want to make an enemy of you. I don't want to make any enemies," I said and I heard the tears in my voice.

She lessened her grip on her dog and stared at me for a few seconds before saying, "I wasn't any better. I realized that later. I got nasty with you about the boxes."

I nodded, grateful that she was able to see that. "I'm sorry about the boxes. I really was going to take them away, I was just so overwhelmed with trying to get everything done."

It was her turn to nod. "I see that now. I'm sorry I wasn't more patient. I wasn't always this way, but a lot of renters have moved in and out lately and they never seem to care what their houses and yards look like."

I took another step towards her. "I'm an owner, not a renter and I'm not like that, I promise. I care about where I live."

She nodded again. "I see that now. I saw that you hired a lawn service and I saw someone out here the other day from a painting company."

I turned from her to look back at my house. "I hope it won't bother you," I said as I surveyed my house, which was currently pained a hideous shade of taupe, "But I hate that color. It reminds me of vomit."

She laughed, the first normal reaction I'd seen from her. "I agree and I'm glad you're going to paint it. What color were you thinking?"

I turned back to her. "I was thinking of a light yellow. Something cheerful even on a gray day."

"That would be lovely," she said and we chatted for a few more minutes as she recommended some plants and flowers for my yard that would stand up to the constant rain.

We parted on better terms and I went back to my house feeling a little better. It wasn't much, but it was a start, I thought.

*

The next morning at work I was exhausted. I had been up until past two putting away everything I bought and cleaning my house from top to bottom. As I was cleaning the hardwood floors in the living room I came across some dried blood from Officer Thompson just under the edge of the couch. I must have missed it the first time I had cleaned. The sight of it made my stomach lurch and I scrubbed harder, trying to erase even the memory from my mind.

*

For nine months I worked hard, put off Kyle's growing advances and went home to my solitary house. I kept busy though as I tried, one tiny step at a time, to change.

The house was painted in early March and Mrs. Henderson and I both agreed that it looked amazing. When I was home, and it wasn't raining, I worked on the yard. The people who had lived there before me had done nothing and it looked a mess. I bought new sod and installed it myself and bought lots and lots of plants and flowers that would be able to withstand the harsh Washington weather.

When the outside of the house was done, I started on the inside. The hardwood floors were re-done, by a company not me, and I painted each and every room myself. After taking a class at a home renovation store I re-did the tile in the bathroom and the backsplash in the kitchen. By the beginning of July I had an almost brand new house and I was proud of it because most of it I had done myself.

On a dry Sunday in July, I invited Mrs. Henderson over for a cook-out and we sat in my new backyard and talked, laughed and ate. She wasn't the horrible woman that she had come across and I was fighting not to be the monster that David had accused me of being.

Speaking of David...I had stopped going to the grocery store in town, instead driving over an hour to go to one in the next town and when I hadn't gone back in he had come looking for me. I admit that when I opened my front door and saw him my pussy twitched in anticipation, but I ignored that and told him to leave.

He did, but it wasn't easy. He looked at my house, it's pretty soft yellow shinning in the rare sunshine, and asked, "What are you trying to do, be domestic? Trying to push down who you really are?"

He laughed. A dark, mocking sound and the hair on the back of my neck stood up. He was gorgeous, sexy and young and too appealing for my safety, but somehow at his words my shaky resolve hardened and I got rid of him. But that wasn't the last time I saw him. He came around a few more times and by August his weekly visits to 'check' on me, seemed almost normal.

I would stand at the door, tell him to go away, and he would ask how my new life was going. He asked over and over again if I was having sex. Was I fucking someone or was I getting myself off? I never answered him, but more than once I was tempted by his blue eyes and the memory of his cock buried deep inside me.

Once, after he left, I went into my bedroom, pulled out my vibrator and masturbated to the memory of him fucking me. It was the first time in over five months that I had masturbated and although it felt good at the time, when it was over I cried and ran to take a shower to scrub my body.

'Not a monster, not a monster, not a monster,' was the constant refrain that went through my mind during those nine months. I did not, no matter what David said, no matter what Officer Thompson thought, no matter what my brain accused me of in the dark hours of the night, want to be a monster.

In late August David showed up again. It had been a horrible day at work. Kyle, who had grown more and more cold and nasty to me as the months went on, had told me in front of our whole team, that he was disappointed in me. He said I wasn't getting as much done as he had hoped. I knew his words stemmed from personal anger over my rejection of him and were misplaced, but no one else knew that. It made me look bad and that stressed me out. I had been working my ass off to do a good job and he knew that.

This time when I answered the door to David there was no hesitation in me. I was nasty with him for the first time and I saw his shocked reaction as he stepped back. His reply when it came was equally nasty, "You don't have to worry about me anymore. I just wanted to tell you that I leave in a week for Oregon. I'm going to college. I wanted to give you one last shot, one last chance for us to fuck."

I laughed at that and shook my head. "Not interested," I said.

With a nasty look on his face he started to turn, but instead he looked back at me. "You know you can't run from who you are right? You can try. You can push her down, you can pretend to the outside world, but you and I both know who you are. One day the real you will have to come out or you'll die."

I slammed the door in his face and sat down hard on the floor. Fear ran through me. Was he right? Had he been right all along? Was I just kidding myself that I could change?

I started to cry at that and a sudden thought came to me. I would rather die, rather take my own life, than be a monster.

*

In early September I was on my way to work when a police cruiser pulled up next to me at a light. I froze. My first reaction was to ignore it. To not look at it and just pretend I didn't see it, but the me that I was trying to be rejected that. 

Taking a deep breath I turned my head slowly and Sherriff Adams was looking back at me. Not sure what to expect I just stared at him and when the light turned green he smiled at me and waved before pulling away.

The breath that I had been holding escaped with a whoosh and I had to sit through another red light before I felt well enough to drive.

*

I had thought more than once since David of seeing a therapist, but I remembered my sessions as a kid and pushed the idea to the back of my mind. Instead I bought book after book on self-help from the internet, and tried to fix myself. 

By November, surprisingly, I felt better and when Kyle made another nasty comment about me in front of our co-workers I waited until he was alone in his office and confronted him. 

He looked up as I came in the room and a nasty look crossed his face. He was getting impossible to work with and it was past time to do something about it.

"Sorry Boss, I'm a little too busy to chit chat. Someone around here has to work."

I shook my head at that. "Stop saying that Kyle."

He looked at me and sat back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest. "What do you want Boss?"

He had started calling me Boss instead of Emily a few months before and it was said with scorn. I knew it, he knew it, and everyone else knew it as well. He was making me a laughing stock and I was sick of it. 

"First of all," I said. "I want you to stop calling me Boss. I hate it and I'm not even your boss, we work together."

"No, no, now Boss, remember when the muckety mucks came back in June. They were so impressed with you and what a good job you're doing. We should all take a leaf from your book they said."

I nodded my head and sat down in one of his visitor chairs. "I see, and you resent that. You resent me." I said.

He leaned forward and put his hands on his desk. "I resent that you came here and flirted with me. I resent that you fucking led me on and then dropped me when you no longer needed me."

I shook my head. "What are you talking about Kyle? I never dropped you because we were never dating."

"Oh please!" he said and sat back with a thump. "You fucking reeled me in and then dropped me when you got settled in. You used me to get the info on everyone and you and I both know it."

I shook my head again. "That's not true Kyle. I flirted back with you when you flirted with me, but it never went any further than that. "

"You shouldn't have flirted with me if you weren't interested," he said in anger and I nodded. "You're right. I'm sorry. That was wrong of me."

"You were just using me," he said again.

"No! No, I wasn't. I never used you. I liked you. A lot."

He looked at me in confusion. "Then what happened? Why did you say no when I asked you out?"

I looked away from him and out the window. I didn't want to tell him anymore than I needed to. Looking back at him I said, "I was seeing someone else and it ended badly. I needed to take some time away from men, away from dating." It wasn't exactly the truth and yet it wasn't exactly a lie either, I thought.

He frowned. "You were seeing someone after you moved here?"

I nodded. 

"Then why didn't you just tell me that? Why let me put myself out there over and over again and reject me so many times?

He looked hurt and I felt bad. "I'm sorry Kyle. I was trying to let you down easily."

He shook his head. "The easy thing would have been just to tell me."

We didn't end our conversation friends, but we were better when I left his office and over the next month things settled down. He apologized to me in front of our coworkers and as the days stretched towards the close of the year he became his old self. Friendly, warm and flirty. 

We had our Christmas party at a restaurant in Port Angeles and it was fun. We were ending the year on a high note and Kyle was more than a little drunk. When he walked me back to my car after dinner and went to kiss me, I let him. It was nice. He was nice, I thought, as he pulled me into his strong arms and pushed me up against my car. 

He was tall, not as tall as Officer Thompson, but he towered over me and I enjoyed being wrapped inside his warmth. The kiss went on for a while and when he finally pulled back I saw the desire in his eyes as he looked down at me. 

"Can I come back to your house with you?" he asked. 

I hesitated. Life was going so well, and we were friends again. I didn't want anything to jeopardize either one of those things, but I was so lonely. I was tired of being by myself, of the only hand that ever touched my body being my own, so I nodded at him and he grinned.

He followed me home and as I drove I thought about what was going to happen. If I really did want to turn over a new leaf, if I wanted to change my life, then wasn't it time for me to date a nice guy? So what if I was no longer as attracted to him as I had once been. That could change.

I was still unsure of what to do when we got to my house, but I was grateful that it was after Midnight. I didn't want Mrs. Henderson to see that I'd brought a man home. Her opinion of me now mattered. I would have to make sure he was gone by morning, I thought as I unlocked my front door. 

He came inside behind me and I offered him a drink. "I don't have any alcohol, but I have water and juice," I said as I unbuttoned my coat. 

"No I'm fine," he said as he came towards me.

When he kissed me I was relieved to have his mouth, any mouth, on mine. When he trailed his lips down my neck I pulled back. I took my coat off and turned to put it on the chair behind me. When I turned around he already had his shirt unbuttoned and was pulling it from the waistband of his pants. I frowned at that. I still wasn't one hundred percent certain that this was what I wanted, but he was already moving to the next stage.

I didn't say anything as he pulled me towards him and when he kissed me again I was glad that I had kept my mouth shut. It felt good to be in a man's arms again and I sank into him.

A few minutes later he pulled back to move his mouth down my neck and I was finally able to run my hands down his body. He had hair on his chest, between his nipples and running down to the waistband of his pants. Normally I wasn't a fan of hair on chests, but at that point I realized I was being ridiculous so I shrugged it off.

But after a few minutes more of him kissing my neck and squeezing my breasts, I realized how unexcited I was. While he was kissing me as if his life depended on it, I was critiquing him and finding fault. Obviously my attraction to him had completely died. That was a first for me. 

I was about to pull away and say something, to end the evening, when I realized something. Not only was I not turned on by his kisses, he didn't seem to be turned on either. There was a noticeable lack of bulge in his pants. 

I reached down to check and pressed my hand against the front of his pants. He was big, I could feel that, but he was definitely not hard. He pulled back and looked down at me, but before I could say anything he said, "I'm sorry Emily. I don't know what's wrong, I just don't feel like it anymore."

I nodded at him, perplexed, but not at all upset, as he made excuses and promises to try again soon. I didn't say anything as he gathered up his jacket and put it on. He may want to try again, but I didn't, and tonight I thought, was not the time to tell him.

As I closed the front door on him I wondered if I should be insulted. I wasn't, but only because I no longer wanted him, what was his excuse?

I took off my dress, put my pajamas on and threw my hair up in a bun before washing the make-up off my face and going to the kitchen to make myself a cup of hot cocoa. All I wanted to do was put this night behind me, curl up on the couch and watch Christmas movies.

The microwave had just beeped when there was a knock at the door. Thinking that it was Mrs. Henderson from across the street, she had probably seen my light on and wanted to see how my party had gone, I went to the door and opened it. 
