 Since our moonlight skinny dip turned into a full sex swap of our partners, my wife Heidi and I had become even more intimate with Juan and his wife, Donna. We were already good friends when we became a sex foursome on that moonlight cruise to the isolated yacht anchorage on the coral reef, but now we were friends with benefits. In addition to Juan and me being merchant mariner captains and living as neighbors in the Florida Keys, we had a lot more in common. Our wives had also become close friends and our sexual swapping was a friendly and fulfilling addition to our lives. Our shared sense of humor brought cheerful playtime to our sexual escapades and we had a lot of laughs during our capers together. We also moved in a common arena of responsibility to our families and work lives that made us careful with the planning of our adventures. To that end, we put as much time and preparation into the planning of our shared sex as we did into the actual execution of the plans.

The structure of our lives made the organization easier. Juan and Donna lived on a large waterfront lot with separate houses for them and Donna's parents, semi-retired real estate developers who got into the Florida Keys land rush early and made lucrative choices about when and where to buy property. Both of us couples had two young children, and Donna's parents were willing caretakers of their grandchildren and our two kids. They understood our marine work lives took us away for extended periods, and they provided consistency to our parenting, giving Juan, Donna, Heidi and me the guilt free opportunity for pleasure filled getaways. We could get away in luxury as well, since Juan and Donna often were in charge of large yachts that were idle between charters or use by their owners.

Our work schedules also played a role in our planning. As a captain of service vessels in the Gulf of Mexico operating tugs and supply boats to the offshore oil rigs, I worked 30 days on and 30 days off. My wife, Heidi, was mostly a stay at home Mom to our two kids, but put in a flexible schedule of property management for the real estate holdings of Donna's parents. Juan and Donna had set up a corporation for their yacht management operation and worked on call as their wealthy yacht owner clients required. So, we had busy times and open times when we could get away together for a sexual playtime without constraints or worries. Often we had an empty yacht as our playhouse.

Donna was Juan's First Mate in their work operating yachts for absentee owners, which were usually chartered out for corporate or other groups when the owners didn't use the vessel. She was a great planner, putting together itineraries for their cruises and making sure guests were well fed and accommodated. She applied that hospitality skill to setting up organized frameworks for our sex getaways, giving each of us in the foursome a turn to create a theme for our next "event." So far, my Danish immigrant wife, Heidi, had selected traditional foreign clothing for her "turn," which led to a hilarious mix of lederhosen, a burka, a Canadian Mountie uniform, and an actual New Guinea penis tube. All of the costumes came off, of course, in the intercourse of international sexual discovery. For her turn, Donna wrote a script for role playing with lots of room for adlibbing. The script was full of sexual tension, with several encounters between the females closing in on a lesbian sidetrack. We studied our scripts beforehand with excited expectation as to how this would actually play out as we adlibbed and expanded the roles we were handed. Acting it out was huge fun with all the actors naked and satiated at the climax. 

Perhaps because of the intense scenes of affectionate romance between the two wives during our scripted roles, which had Heidi and Donna gazing into each other's eyes and closing in on a passionate kiss and embrace, Donna came up with a new wrinkle for our next "event."

"We should try something new each time," she said. "Something we've always had a fantasy about but not really tried. We could break new ground to see if we like the landscape." The four of us looked at each other in our spent nakedness and agreed that this navigation into unexplored sexual territory sounded exciting. We agreed to try it.

I wondered a bit about Donna's suggestion. She had told us about her history with women, from her first truly interactive sex with her college roommate to the arousal she felt in the shower with other women. She had not really had a full sexual engagement with a man until she hooked up with Juan. Even then, the two of them had explored a bit with each of them getting it on with their own gender while they were a new couple, and occasionally since. I noticed the hot interaction between Heidi and Donna during our scripted play event with Donna staring longingly into the face of my wife as they drew together for a full passionate kiss. Heidi played the role with her usual enthusiasm, engaging in the tongue exchange as they pulled their bodies into each other. Donna ran her hand over Heidi's full breast in this "scene" and the ever cooperative Heidi did the same with Donna's petite breast. Juan and I looked on with rapt interest as we stroked our stiff dicks in the audience. A good play leaves the audience yearning for the next act, and that is what playwright Donna did. She pulled away from Heidi gently, running her hand over a boob as she stared into Heidi's eyes, which were wide with wonder and lusty excitement at this new experience. All of us wanted to see the next act in this play.

In the relaxed afterglow of our sexual workouts, Juan, Donna, Heidi and I would sit around naked and talk about sexual discovery in our youth. Often it came up how we were first introduced to sex and how we discovered the delights of different aspects of sexual pleasure. Heidi was born and raised in Denmark, where sex is accepted as a normal part of human life and experience. Nonetheless, we were surprised when she told us about getting instruction in her high school physical education class on how to masturbate. Heidi has a sister and a brother, and when she asked her brother how boys masturbated, he promptly showed his sisters. The girls were so impressed they joined in and had a mutual masturbation threesome.

Juan grew up with a brother and told us about his older bro showing him how to achieve maximum ejaculation. That set off a competitive challenge to see who could squirt the most and farthest. In their late teens they were still whipping out their dicks at times and "stroking for the maximum commotion." Juan also admitted he swapped his hand with his brother's at times so that they jerked each other off. It was even more commotion, Juan said.

Donna is an only child of religious parents. Sex was a taboo topic and their social interaction was limited to church functions and a circle of acquaintances from that rigid sphere. After graduating from high school at 18 and before leaving for college in another state, the pastor of her church asked her to come in for some "private special counseling on the temptation of the flesh." It turned out to be really special, as he jerked off to demonstrate the evil. Even more special for Donna was the lesbian experience with her college roommate, who introduced Donna to her clitoris as well as her own.

"We had a lot of fun together," said Donna. "I learned more from her than any of my professors, and it was certainly more pleasant. We played with ourselves and each other. It was fun exploration."

As we sat around naked in the stateroom of the yacht Juan and Donna were managing between charters, we talked about these sexual experiences as if it were a talk show. Anchored far offshore at an isolated moorage, we had just engaged in a wild foursome sex orgy and had returned to our marital partners in a blissfully satiated state. That was part of our agreement. As two young married couples with an appetite for sexual adventure, we had formed a compact to swap our partners and get as crazy as our desire would take us in that moment. However, we would return to our marital partners to sleep the night together after the cum flew. No sneaky slipaways or clandestine couplings to disrupt our marriages and family or professional life. It seemed to work well.

As we talked that night about our sexual experiences, our arousal became apparent. My thick dick stiffened as we talked and I noticed that Juan's slender member was rising for a second coming. My wife, Heidi, leaning against me on the lounge couch in the stateroom with my hand cupping one of her lovely large breasts, slid her hand to her hairy crotch and began rubbing her pussy. Donna sat across from us with Juan and zoomed in on Heidi's activity. Donna slid her own hand to her perfectly trimmed pubic hair delta and into the mahogany lips of her pussy. Her other hand climbed to her petite breast and twirled a nipple with her fingers. It was a second act for our foursome. We climaxed watching each other jerk and finger ourselves into hip thrusting squirts and thrusts. What a replay of our youth!

It was my "turn" to come up with a theme for our next sexual engagement. As I pondered options for our foursome sex, my mind wandered back to my own youth. I grew up in an industrial area outside Detroit, where the playground for me and my two sisters was the railroad staging yard where empty box cars were parked after being unloaded at the nearby factories. My two sisters had a life of their own and my young life was one of adventures with my two friends, Milos and Clifford. We were an independent threesome, mostly because we were incorrigible teenagers, and also because our parents had no idea of the discoveries we could find for ourselves as we roamed the industrial landscape. Empty boxcars were an especially fertile venue for adventure. We would seek out a secluded boxcar with an unlocked door where we could jerk off together. Three amigos discovering what their hands could make their dicks do! It was innocent discovery fun, and it sure felt good!

We three boys once convinced a high school girl to come with us for a "train ride." Inside the dimly lit boxcar with the door slightly open, I asked if she could show us her body. 

"Let's see yours then," she shot back, her hands on her hips, compliant but demanding. The three of us, all grown men at 18, were still mortified at such frank sex talk. I looked at my companions and back at our boxcar female. She stood in the shaft of light coming through the slightly open boxcar door, her profile of boobs and butt standing out against the dimness of the boxcar behind her.

"You first," I stammered.

She was a bit older than us boys and apparently more familiar with the world. Smirking as she scanned our stunned faces, she slowly and theatrically unbuttoned her blouse and opened it, revealing a pair of huge boobs in a white bra. She swept our faces again and reached behind her to uncouple her bra and drop it. Her breasts were full and firm-the most beautiful thing I had ever seen outside of the "dirty books" I worked so hard to procure. I looked over at my two companions who were frozen, staring at probably the first real tits they had ever seen.

"Your turn," said our boxcar girl. "Let's see what you got."

We three boys had never before been confronted with such an agreeable female. We were alone in an isolated location with a bare breasted woman telling us to show her our sex organs. I looked at my statuesque companions and moved my hand woodenly to my zipper. Opening my pants, I pulled down my underwear to reveal my fat dick, swollen and stiff. The thick member filled my hand as I began stroking it as naturally as I did while alone and gazing at the "dirty books."

"That's the spirit," our boxcar female said. "Let's see what the rest of you look like."

She focused her gaze on my two companions who finally reached for their own zippers. We three young males stood with erect penises stroking dicks stiff as flagpoles to the woman in front of us. She smiled broadly and dropped her pants to the floor, stepping out of her panties naked.

"Let's have a party in our pants," she said, "or out of our pants." She laughed at the spectacle of the three of us with erect dicks jacking off as we gazed at her plunging her finger into her bushy pussy. She pulsed in pleasure as we throbbed in ecstasy. She intensified her fingering as she looked at us and cried,

"Let's see it shoot boys!"

And shoot we did. I let mine fly first, a cannon shot that seemed to come out of a powder keg in my lower body, pumping ejaculations towards the woman with her hand buried in her pussy. I watched cum fly as did our boxcar woman, huge streams of sperm juice that flew to her feet in spurts. I couldn't stop stroking and I thrust my hips with three last cum shots, arching my jizz in her direction. She watched appreciatively, smiling at me as she dug her fingers into her bushy slit. My two companions were not far behind. They let fly with power squirts of cum, gasping in pleasure and pumping their hips in sexual exaltation. Our boxcar woman watched us finish and pleasured herself with one more orgasm, her head thrown back as she ran her free hand over her exposed tits, squirming her hips to the pleasure her finger gave her pussy below. 

Forever after, I have loved watching myself jerk off in the mirror and go wild when Heidi pleasures herself on camera for my relief at sea via Skype. She sends me videos of her masturbating with enthusiasm, running her hand over and into her hairy snatch while she fondles her boobs. On a tugboat hundreds of miles at sea for days on end, it was sweet relief to watch her finger her cunt while I stroked my dick empty. We used the latest technology and electronics to arouse our most primitive pleasures. I even enjoyed watching Juan shoot cum over my wife's boobs and belly during our "events." I guess you can say I get off on seeing others get off.

I was not alone in getting pleasure from viewing the activity of our companions as we engaged in swaps. Donna and I would be fully engaged with fucking at times, but we would get off even more by watching our marital partners, Juan and Heidi, fucking and sucking nearby. We talked about that too.

"I really get off on watching us get each other off," said Donna as we sat around naked in one of our post climax discussions. "It's an additional pleasure to view sex while I'm having sex."

"Me too," said Juan. "I come even more alive watching your fat dick get hard and disappear into my wife's mouth and pussy." Juan looked at me in an odd way as he slowly stroked his spent dick, bringing a small drop of cum to the tip as an afterthought. "You dick is very attractive, Peter."

"What about you Heidi," I asked my wife. She was leaning against me with her full breasts on display and her hands on my abdomen. 

"It's all exciting when we are doing our things together," she said sprightly. "I love watching whoever is doing something to me and I love watching everyone else doing things to each other. It makes me come so much!" She started moving her hands from my abdomen to my penis. "It's all part of the fun!"

So we all agreed that watching each other get off turned us on individually. It was now my turn to come up with a theme for our next sex foursome, and I chose "Circle Jerk." The perfect choice for the venue of our circle jerk would by the Maritime Trades Show in New Orleans. The four of us would all be there without kids and it was a stage set for a great "event." 

The Maritime Trades show is a huge event for those of us who make our living from marine operations. I had recently been promoted to lead captain of my employer's fleet. At company expense Heidi and I would travel to this show and reside in a first class hotel. Juan and Donna were anxious to introduce their new company to the yacht management industry. They reserved a room adjacent to ours. As our flight reached cruising altitude Heidi and I looked across the aisle at Juan and Donna.

"This is going to be great!" said Donna, beaming her green eyes and wide smile in our direction, obviously excited with anticipation at the multiple opportunities that awaited us. We were underway!

Donna was beautiful, as always, with her close cropped, dark red hair framing her slightly freckled, tanned face. She was slim and petite with a firm, tanned muscle tone from her physical work outdoors aboard boats. Her lithe body was like a ballet dancers and she moved about with the fluid movement of a one. At times her small frame and short hair gave her a boyish appearance. She turned slightly towards us in the opposite aisle seat, her breasts profiled by the backlight coming through the window behind her. One side of her blouse came open enough to provide a glimpse of the handful of tit inside.

My wife, Heidi, is a different beautiful. Blond and built on a sturdy frame, she is a Viking goddess from Denmark. I met her there while working the North Sea oil platforms as a mariner. When I first put eyes on Heidi she was helping out in her father's Copenhagen bakery shop, filling orders of rolls and pastries for shoppers. At that time my Danish language skills were about the level of my native English ability at age three. Young, bold and foolish, I was determined to show this gorgeous Danish maiden how smart I was by ordering in her native tongue. I rolled my mind through all the Danish language training I had received, the translation dictionaries I had studied, and my perusal of Danish newspapers. 

"Two tiger balls please!" I blurted out more loudly than I intended. I was clueless that I had just mispronounced the Danish word for rolls, which sounds like "bowls" for the Danish word for balls, which is the same as our English "balls." I had just ordered two tiger balls. The bakery, full of locals standing in line to purchase their daily fresh bread, burst into enormous laughter. The buxom Danish goddess behind the counter, wearing an apron that came to the top of her firm and full bosom, struggled to keep a straight face. She answered in perfect British English, staring straight at me.

"I'm sorry sir, but you'll have to go to the zoo for those. We sell baked goods here." 

The shop erupted into even more hilarity. The Danish shoppers behind me were doubled over. They all spoke English, as did everyone beyond the fourth grade in Denmark. So they perfectly understood my mispronounced order and the droll reply of the Viking goddess who sold bread, not tiger balls.

"I think you mean these," spoke the goddess as she reached into the display counter to pull out two rolls. She puckered her lips and pronounced with absurd intensity the Danish words for small rolls, "Bolls, not balls."

I nodded assent, too dumbfounded and humiliated to speak amidst the laughter of the shoppers. I had to face the goddess again at the register to pay for my rolls.

"I'm sorry they laughed at you the way they did," she said in perfect English as she took all the Danish money I held out, completely ignorant of its value. "I am to blame because I made fun of your words." 

She was truly sorry, and I felt it. I was truly sorry that she was truly sorry. I wanted to reach out and comfort her, but I also wanted to pull her into me, kiss her and run my hands inside her apron to caress her full boobs and ass. But a good natured mob behind us wished we would hurry up so they could buy their bread and go home.

"Please come back again," she pleaded with sincerity. "I think you are brave to at least try to speak our language when you know we all speak yours."

I gazed into her huge blue eyes as she handed me a wad of money as big as the one I handed her.

"You gave me way too much money. This is your change plus the excess."

She could have taken all my money, my watch and my passport - anything! I would have accepted ten cents change or none at all! I pocketed what she held out, took my rolls and walked with whatever dignity I could muster past the amused shoppers to the exit. Despite my humiliation, I was hooked on this bakery with the gorgeous goddess. Whenever my nautical work brought me to Copenhagen I visited that shop to talk with Heidi. Eventually, I married the woman who refused to sell me "tiger balls."
