 It was finally Monday morning. I was up so early, prowling the house, trying to read, balancing the checkbook, anything to take my mind off of my pending surprise. When my family left for the day, I showered. I hesitated a few moments and then decided. I lathered up my pretty curlies with vanilla soap and carefully shaved all the softness away. As I ran my hand over my mound, I felt only smooth skin and my sweet slit. 

After my shower, I dried myself carefully and sprayed on my vanilla scent. I carefully applied my makeup and brushed out my hair. I slowly dressed for the day. A new blue silk bra and panty set first. Sheer pantyhose and a lovely blue silk slip. I had selected a soft blue sundress and pretty sandals for this shopping trip. As I dressed, I thought of him, wondering what he had planned for me. Finally, it was time for his call. I sat in a chair and waited for the phone to ring. When it did, I was as jumpy as the first time. As soon as I heard his voice, I relaxed. 

He told me about his weekend...I told him about mine. Then he told me to get my purse and cell phone and go to the car. I followed his directions, never thinking about not obeying. In the car, my cell rang, and it was him, chatting as if this were a normal day. He told me to drive to the Mall. He continued talking to me as I drove across town. Finally, he said for me to drive to a large department store and park at the east entrance. I entered the store, still talking on my cell with him. 

He directed me to the men's cologne, telling me that he always wore Obsession for Men, and he would like me to spray some on my arms before I did anything else. From there, he directed me to the lady's fashions. I was told to select 4-5 things, pretty things, things I liked, and to take them to the dressing room. I took my selections to the dressing area and walked to the end room, as he had instructed me to do. The dressing room was very spacious. One entire wall was mirrored. The opposite wall had a padded bench, which was wide and soft. I hung my clothes on the provided hook. I sat on the bench and listened to his voice in my ear, feeling drugged with him. He was whispering to me, telling me to start removing my sundress.

So, I did. I disconnected the call, placed my cell on the padded seat and began. Slowly I unbuttoned and unzipped and removed all my clothing. I stood before the large mirror, completely naked. I could see my soft mound, all bare and pink. I stood there, wondering how this had happened, that Donna Reed was standing in a dressing room, naked and totally in the control of her lover.

The phone rang again. I reached for it as I watched myself in the mirror. Michael's voice was in my ear, in my head, in my heart. He wanted me to sit back on the bench and relax. He knew how nervous I was. His voice told me that he was there, beside me, behind me. He wanted me to open my legs, bring my feet up on the bench. I did that. I was mesmerized by the site of my bare pussy, the slit swollen open and the beautiful pink showing between the lips. Michael said he wanted to touch me, asked me to touch for him. 

My fingers slowly moved to the soft skin of my inner thighs. I told him everything I was doing, how my fingers were moving, caressing, touching. He said it was him touching me, and it was. I felt his fingers touching the naked skin of my little girl pussy, then moving inside of me to feel my womanly juices. His fingers found my clit and gently massaged it. I could feel his skilled fingers as they touched me exactly where I wanted to be touched. At first he moved slowly, hesitantly. But soon, his fingers gained speed and sureness. I could feel an orgasm starting in my legs, slowly causing the heat to spread right into my center. His fingers continued to move against my hard little clit as I cried out in excitement, feeling the pain in my throat as I emitted a growl of pleasure.

As I began to breathe normally again, I heard a knock on the door and a voice calling out to me. Then the door opened and a woman entered the room. She closed the door behind her and looked at me. I was still sitting back on the bench, my fingers deep inside me, my face flushed from coming. She noticed the cell phone in my hand and reached for it. She spoke softly into the phone and then waited. She smiled and said quietly, "I will take care of everything, Michael. Your Rachel is in good hands now."