 "This sucks...sucks...sucks...sucks!" Amy whined and pulled the dust mask off her face, leaving a distinct ring from the top of her nose, down around her cheeks and over the underside of her mouth as she plopped down on the ground.

She was just so damn cute when she pouted.

I pulled my own mask up over my forehead, grabbed a couple of cold beers from the nearby cooler and sat down next to her. We both took a deep drink before saying anything, just staring up at the boat sitting in a cradle on solid ground looming over us.

Amy and I were tasked with the grunt work of scraping the hull clean...peeling paint, stains and mold and god knows what else...one item on the "Stuff You Can Do Yourself" list Mel had. I was pretty sure he could hire someone else to do it but he insisted Jerry, and by extension, Amy, Trish and me, needed to take care of it.

"When...not if but when...something breaks a thousand miles from nowhere," Mel repeatedly said every time one of us complained about what he asked us to do, "each of you will need to know how to fix it or at least come up with a work around."

He preached that so often that Amy took to mouthing the words whenever he started.

"Well, at least we're outside," I muttered.

"Yeah, I suppose there is that," she murmured and leaned against me.

I put my arm around her shoulder and let my hand fall to brush across the erect point of her left nipple. She shivered slightly and pressed against me a little harder, her right hand falling on to my thigh just below my crotch. I suspect right then we were both thinking about what would be the best way to fuck when we got back to the apartment. I was always as partial as she was to doing her doggy style while she sucked Jerry's dick or licked Trish's cunt.

Just then there was an especially loud bang from inside the boat, followed by a rising cloud of dust pouring out of all the open hatches. A moment later, Trish and Jerry came out as well, literally covered from head to toe in grim and dirt.

Mel and Jerry decided it was easier to simply gut the boat down to the hull since they intended to replace everything from the rigging to the diesel engine to the cabinets anyway. The good news was we could redesign the interior of the boat the way we wanted it and would have the newest and latest equipment and gear. The bad news was this was the third weekend we were at it and it looked like we still had a long way to go.

Trish came over and sat down next to Amy while Jerry dug a couple of more beers from the cooler. The both drained half the can before saying a word.

"This just fucking sucks!" Trish exclaimed, finished the beer and reached for another.

"Our sentiments exactly," Amy responded, her fingertip now softly outlining the growing boner in my shorts.

"Keep your eyes on the prize," Jerry chimed in hungrily eyeing either Amy's finger or my dick or both, "when we get this thing done, we get to sail anywhere we want to go."

"I say we call it a fucking day," Trish announced and stood up still brushing dirt and dust from her shorts and tank top, "I don't want us all to be so beat again tonight that no one wants to fuck."

We all agreed with that, dumped the remaining ice out of the cooler and walked to the harbor master's shack. Mel came out and leaned against the corner of the building while we took turns rinsing the dirt and grim out of our hair and off our arms with a hose. While he spoke with Jerry, he kept his eyes locked on Amy and Trish.

Although they didn't exactly douse themselves completely with the hose, they did manage to splash enough of the cold water on their tops that their nipples stood proudly erect, clearly poking through the thin soaked fabric.

They giggled and walked past us, with Trish "accidentally" brushing one of her tits against Mel's arm. Being the exhibitionist they were, I suspected they would have gladly flashed him...or stripped naked for that matter...if he asked.

"He's kinda cute, don't you think?" Trish whispered in my ear as we walked to the parking lot, "Did you see the bump in his shorts when he saw our tits?"

"Geez, Trish, he's old enough to be your grandfather!" I answered.

"I sort of like older men...I like you, don't I?" she giggled and pressed her tit against my upper arm.

"How the hell is that the same?" I exclaimed, "I'm only eight or nine months older than you. Besides I'm not sure a guy his age can even get a hard on."

"Well I'm pretty sure I saw a bulge in his shorts and Amy did too. Maybe we'll have to give him a blow job sometime and find out for sure," she cooed and gave me a slap on the ass as she climbed into the jeep.

"That's really sick," I muttered but had to admit it was pretty damn hot how her shorts pulled up between her ass cheeks and into her pussy slit.

On the ride back to our apartment, Trish sat in the back of the jeep with me. She kept one hand on my crotch, squeezing my throbbing cock just often enough to keep me one or two strokes away from cumming in my shorts. All the while, she had her other hand buried in her own shorts, fingering herself to at least two orgasms during the relatively short trip.

I was so fucking horny by the time we got there, I rammed my dick into her cunt just inside the front door, even before taking a hit on the first joint of the night. I guess Amy and Jerry were as horny as well, practically knocking us over as Amy tore his shorts down around his knees and sucked his dick into her mouth.

And so it went for the next several months. By the end of the semester, we pretty much had everything ripped out of the boat, except for things like the engine that a real professional needed to do.

So naturally, that's when Mr. Murphy paid a visit and apparently had every intention of staying for the duration.

Mel had what seemed to me a pretty optimistic schedule to get the boat back in the water and running. We didn't even come close to his target date of the beginning of school in the fall.

Parts we needed didn't show up in the order we needed them, this guy couldn't do his job because that guy didn't show up and get the previous step finished on time, stuff didn't fit the way it was intended and so on and so forth. It was a good thing we had a supply of some very good weed to keep Jerry mostly mellow during that stretch...that and Trish and Amy's pussies and all of our mouths and asses which were always available to take the edge off.

When there was nothing we could do, or Mel needed to get us out from underfoot of those who did know what the hell they were doing, he gave us lessons on such things as navigation, the use of a sextant, how to tune in to long range weather reports and even first aid. Jerry and I seemed to take this a little more seriously than the girls. They seemed more intent on torturing Mel during these sessions, sitting with their legs spread wide and, since neither ever wore panties under their shorts, flashing their pussies at him now and again. I wondered how long it would take Trish to get the old man's cock in her mouth.

The answer turned out to be two weeks after we finally got the boat back in the water.

Jerry, Amy and I were unpacking some supplies and finding the proper places to store them late on a Saturday afternoon when Amy noticed Trish wasn't there with us.

"Probably went to take a piss," Jerry said and went back to work. Amy went looking for her and returned a few minutes later laughing her ass off.

"You gotta see this," she managed to spit out trying to catch her breath.

We followed her back to the harbor master's shack, going around to the side to look through a small window. Trish was sitting on a chair in front of Mel, her t-shirt and shorts laying on the floor next to her, bobbing her head up and down on his surprisingly long and hard dick. She squeezed his balls with one hand and fingered herself with the other while he pawed her tits.

Now Jerry and I didn't care if Trish, or Amy for that matter, sucked or fucked other guys. We watched them do it more times than we could remember. Somehow this was different and incredibly hot.

Amy pushed her taut ass back against my throbbing dick and pulled my hands up over her tits. Jerry moved close enough behind me that I could feel his dick harden against the crack in my ass while his hand pressed against Amy's pussy.

Even Amy realized we couldn't do much out there, not with boats all around and people constantly walking back and forth on the docks. She turned and grabbed my cock as she kissed me lightly.

"Let's go inside," she murmured into my mouth.

"What? We can't do that!" I protested even before I felt Jerry's hand slide over my dick.

"Sure we can," he said softly, "I'm pretty sure Mel won't mind, and Trish sure as hell won't. Gramps told me the two of them spent a lot of time on the boat...alone...a long way from anywhere...or anyone else."

Amy grinned up at me and Jerry's fingers tightened on my dick. It finally dawned on me I was the one out of the loop on this. Jerry had my fly pulled down even as we walked around the corner of the building and into the shack without knocking.

"What took you so long?" Mel asked with a glint in his eyes without taking his dick out of Trish's mouth.

"Dickhead here is pretty dense," Jerry grinned pulling on my cock, "we finally had to show him directly what we could do."

That's when I realized they all had been hinting around at this for a few weeks but I never caught on. I guess I was pretty dense although I had no idea why one of them just didn't come straight out and just say something to me.

The shack was really crowded, so much so there really wasn't any way we could do a lot more than grope each other while Trish sucked Mel's dick. That wasn't going to cut it as my cock was really throbbing and I suspected Jerry's was as well. A quick feel told me Amy's cunt was dripping.

"Let's go christen the cabin properly," Jerry suggested with a wicked grin and we all headed back to the boat as quickly as we could.

Since we had only one real bed on the boat, we made it as big as possible during the redesign. After all, we needed enough room for the four of us to sleep and fuck in comfort at the same time. There was still plenty of room when Mel climbed in with us.

It turned out he liked cocks as much as pussies. He happily sucked Jerry and then me while the girls took turns on his dick. For a really old guy in his sixties, he had amazing stamina, fucking both of the girls until they climaxed on his cock and remained hard.

Jerry saw the lustful gleam in Mel's eye when he pulled his dick out of Trish. He smiled wanly, fell on his back and spread his legs. Mel climbed up on him, pulled Jerry's legs up over his shoulders and slowly pushed his long dick deep into Jerry's ass. When his balls slapped against Jerry's ass, Mel looked back over his shoulder at me with the most devilish smile I ever saw.

"Don't just sit there," he commanded, "get over here and fuck me!"

His asshole was tighter than Amy's to start but with a couple of pushes from me, he loosened up and I slipped all the way inside him. After a moment, we matched each others thrusts while Jerry jerked himself off beneath Mel. My cum began shooting in Mel's ass just before, from over Mel's shoulder, I saw Jerry's sperm spurt up on to his own chest.

Mel cried out and thrust even harder into Jerry's ass, some of his cum leaking out even as he shot more deep in my friend's bowels. Next to us on either side, Amy and Trish madly rubbed their own cunts, cumming again and again until all of us collapsed in a sweaty heap.

"Now you know why I told you to put that foam mattress in the sealed plastic," Mel grinned as he sipped his beer in the main cabin. "It's even worse than Trish squirting if a wave washes over you and douses the cabin."

Trish giggled as she finished her own beer. We were sitting naked catching our breathes after what was really some amazingly good sex. I wondered how much Mel told Jerry about his trips with Jerry's grandfather, although I suspected jerking off was just one option for them.

"Next weekend, we'll take her out for a short shakedown cruise," Mel continued, "so there is one more thing we need to do before that...give her a name."

"I've given that some thought," Jerry said, "and went back to that song Gramps mentioned in his note. Let's call her "...The Downhill Run...".

Mel cocked an eyebrow at Jerry before a broad smile broke across his face. It didn't matter to me what we called the damn boat, I just wanted to try it out after all that fucking work.

A week later, I wasn't so sure at all about any of this. Jerry and Mel stood at the helm as we moved past the jetty protecting the harbor. The girls were in the bow, holding their shirts up to enjoy the feel of the wind blowing across their bare tits. I was hanging over the side hurling so hard I expected to see one of my toes shoot out of my mouth at any moment.

Eventually, I got over the sea sickness. Mel insisted on numerous day trips before finally relenting and allowing one that lasted overnight. Of course, he wasn't about to let us loose on our own right away. He went along, drilling us repeatedly on every aspect of sailing the damn boat, locating where we were using the electronics as well as a hand held sextant and navigating from one place to another. After the first time one of the rigging lines broke and the mainsail flopped around wildly, we all took his instructions and warnings a lot more seriously.

On these practice cruises, he also reveled in drilling each and every one of us as well. I was surprised to find out how much I like getting fucked in the ass and the feel and taste of warm creamy cum filling my mouth and throat. Amy and Trish really liked the idea of a third guy ready to fuck them at any time. Jerry was particularly partial to getting fucked while sucking a cock or licking a pussy.

Finally, about two weeks after the end of the semester, it was time for us to go. We spent the day before, loading up all the supplies we could manage to fit into every nook and cranny of the boat, including a substantial stash of the best weed we could find stored in some of those vacuum sealed plastic bags.

When we were done, we dragged Mel with us off to a nearby hotel suite we rented for the last night. Some of our fuck buddies from the university joined us for the best orgy any of us ever had, basically lasting all night long and into the morning. Fortunately for us, the tide didn't go out until mid afternoon, so we had enough time to sober up, have one more fuck with the folks not going with us and leave somewhat close to on schedule.

Not that we exactly had a schedule as such. The general idea was to spend the first few months working our way down the coast of Mexico and maybe Central America. Mel gave us the names of a few places, resorts and such, that would take us in for a few days if we needed to stop along the way. After the hurricane season passed in November, we would head toward Hawaii and after that, who knew.

We figured we would be gone at least a year...or maybe two...or maybe more....

....So here I sat at the helm, in the middle of the night, maybe twenty miles off shore. There really wasn't anything for me to do but keep watch so I just lay back, took another hit on the joint and looked at the stars, brighter and more numerous than I ever imagined.

The hatch to the cabin clicked open and Amy padded out, her tiny tits bouncing slightly with each step. She squatted down next to me with her knees spread wide. Even in the starlight I could make out the somewhat darker crease of her pussy slit in her thick cunt hair. I handed her the joint.

"I couldn't sleep," she murmured, handing it back and running a hand lightly over my chest and belly.

"I thought you would be totally worn out after all that noise I heard a little while ago," I grinned and twirled one of her small nipples between two fingers.

"That was Trish, as usual, making all the noise," she laughed, "I only had one orgasm...so far."

I pulled her close. I hadn't cum myself since an early afternoon blow job and was more than happy to fuck her again right then. I stood and pulled her up and leaned her over the railing, dropping to one knee to run my tongue through her sticky pussy slit and swirl it around her asshole. The familiar taste of Jerry's cum filled my mouth.

"Pussy or ass?" I asked rubbing the head of my dick around her throbbing clit and pussy hole.

Amy groaned and looked back over her shoulder, pinching a tit with one hand while she held on with the other.

"Whatever you want...better yet, fuck me in both...just take your time and fuck me in time with the rolling of the boat."

She was so tight, so wet, so warm, her pussy encasing my dick like a fine leather glove. My cock rocked in and out of her cunt until I was so very close. Then I pulled back, her low moan telling me she wanted...needed...more.

Hell...I needed more.

I started cumming as soon as my cock head breached the even tighter sphincter of her asshole, greasing my dick with my own sperm as I stretched and filled her bowels.

Damn fine way to start a long voyage as far as I was concerned.

**********