 Dream

My wife Susan and I hadn't had a vacation without the kids in too long, so although I have never been a fan of beach resorts when she suggested an adult's only beach resort for some time alone I was happy to oblige.

Little did I know that Adults only was the resort policy and not just descriptive of our intentions. For years I have been fantasizing openly with her about seeing and even sharing her with another man or couple. I have always had more vivid fantasies and they usually involved her with another partner and me with her and/or other partners. Unfortunately we have never done more than fantasize and dream. 

The trip down to the sunny places was uneventful and quick and the resort was beautiful with suites with big glass sliding doors that open right out to the beach and nice amenities elsewhere to be enjoyed. We discovered quickly that while I didn't like walking on the sand much the beaten path about 10 feet from the rooms was a nice place to walk together. 

It was on one of our first walks like this that I started to realize how adult only this resort was. As we neared a room with obviously open doors we heard the loud noises of a couple enjoying each other in the most sensual of ways. Intrigued we slowed our pace and looked into the room as we passed. An attractive couple was just finishing up as we noticed her untying him from the bed posts and kissing a touching playfully. It was about then we noticed we had stopped walking to openly gawk at this couple. As we turned to continue or walk we met eyes with the woman and embarrassed, quickly looked away. 

When we reached the end of the building many minutes later we saw the couple carrying their towels and beach accessories headed for some sun and surf apparently. Again we made eye contact with them and quickly looked away. During our walk my wife had teased me about how she would like to tie me up like that but we hadn't brought anything like that with us. We teased each other and kissed and held each other close as we turned to head back to our room back the way we came. 

When we reached the room of the couple we couldn't stop talking about I joked with my wife that if the doors were still open we could just go borrow their tie setup and return it later. I was at least half joking (I think) but when she grabbed my hand and pulled me to their door I didn't fight much even though I was totally surprised. 

The door slid open easily and she led me inside with a mischievous smile. We quickly looked around the room to find it was identical to ours with a king sized bed on the left wall as we stood at the glass doors leading to the beach path, a small closet next to the bed opposite the doors, bathroom just past the closet next to the other main entry door. It was your basic hotel room setup with a door to paradise where the windows usually are. There were a few differences between this room and ours. The first of course was the tie setup on the bed's head board, and the second was the video camera and tripod in the corner aimed at the bed. The tie setup was pretty basic nylon rope about one half inch thick but the knots used to tie them to the headboard were super tight and seemed impossible to untie. There was a stack of bed pillows in the middle of the bed as if to lift the tied person a few inches for better access. 

Realizing we couldn't untie the rope and could probably just buy some for ourselves in town we quickly decided not to take anything. Until my wife got out her cell phone camera and told me to go stand by the bed and hold up the ropes. "No-one will believe this." was her reason. But I could only hold up one rope and she couldn't get a good shot so she told me to act like I was tied up and she would take the picture that way. Laughing and a little embarrassed I climbed on the bed and posed for her. I could tell she was getting a little aroused with the whole thing and opened my big mouth to jokingly ask, 

"Should I strip down for you so you have a private picture for yourself?" 

"Good idea. But let me really tie you up too I want it to look real." 

This was not what I was expecting but before my mind caught up she had one arm tied and was quickly moving to the other side of the bed. "Maybe this isn't such a great idea" I started but was interrupted by her efforts to pull my swim trunks off leaving me totally naked, tied up to a stranger's bed. Admittedly I was very aroused but not showing it much yet due to my nervous condition. As she was about to take the picture the lock to the main door disengaged signaling the early return of the rooms rightful owners. In a panic my wife grabbed my clothes and jumped into the closet. 

I pulled against the ropes for a split second before the couple walked into fined me. In shock the woman laughed a little and asked the man "Is this surprise for me?" And before anyone could say anything including me she jumped on the bed and began rubbing my legs working towards my stiffening cock. Just as surprised as everyone else the man replied "I was going to ask you the same thing". Grinning he pulled off his swim trunks revealing a stiffening erection of his own. 

"I am so sorry and really embarrassed..." I started but the woman shushed me and removed her bikini quickly pushing her bikini bottoms into my mouth. To quickly describe the couple - the man (whose name was Allen) was about 5'8" or 5'9". He was a little taller than me but very lean and fit. His hair was once dark brown almost black but was now more salt than pepper. His cock which is now at full erection was probably about 8 inches long and average thickness if not a little thin. The woman (whose name we discovered was Jamie) was petite, about 5'4" with died highlighted mid-length blonde/reddish-brown hair. She had what were probably small B cup breasts with small erect nipples and completely shaved everywhere else. I should also note that Allen was shaved and trimmed similarly to my own grooming preferences. 

So with bikini bottoms shoved in my mouth and my wife hiding in the closet to watch I laid naked and tied up on this naked couples bed growing more and more aroused as Jamie continued to rub my legs getting closer and closer to my hardening cock. As Allen walks over to the camera I notice the sliding closet door is cracked open a little and wonder how well Susan can see and if she will stop things or let this couple have me. Honestly I am torn between wanting each option. 

"We've returned to our suite to discover an attractive man tied to our bed in much the same way my lovely wife had me tied up earlier." Allen is talking for the benefit of the camera now, "What to do with our surprise is the question. We could call security and the local police and have him arrested but honestly he doesn't look like a threat so I think we might try option 2, we will use this surprise for our own amusement for a while." Now addressing me- "we are going to take this make shift gag out and you are not to speak except to answer direct questions from my wife and I. You will do everything we command within reason or we will call the police and they are not easy on tourists. You can have a safety word to be used once and only once and only after an hour of our fun. It is now 4 o'clock until 5 you are ours, after 5 you can say 'Beam me up Scotty' and we will stop whatever we are doing, untie you and let you go with no further obligation. Nod if you understand and agree to those terms." Of course I nodded. 

The bikini bottoms were removed from my mouth and my first direct question followed shortly after "Jamie's pussy tastes good doesn't it?" Although I hadn't really paid attention while the bottoms were in my mouth I now got a bit of after taste and answered honestly "Yes, very good"

"You may call me Allen and this is my wife Jamie. What is your name first only please?"

"Gregg" I replied quietly.

"Well Gregg, it is nice to meet you. Now we can start the fun." 

At that Jamie reached out and squeezes my hardened cock just before leaning down to take it in her mouth. As I gasped out in surprise and pleasure Allen quickly stood directly in front of my and fed me his hardening cock. This was a first for me but not an unwelcome one. I have been curious for a long time so I did my best to suck him like I would like to be sucked. Apparently I was good or at least good enough as Allen was quickly as hard as possible and moaning his approval as I moaned my approval of Jamie's efforts around him. 

Jamie had me on the edge of cumming in a very short time but she knew it and quickly backed away to go down and lick my balls and lower even to my taint. As she licked and teased she began to rub my ass hole with a wet finger and I propped my leg up to give her better access. 

"Allen, he needs a little help could you reach back and hold his legs up dear?" I could see Jamie but was enjoying what I felt so when Allen reached back and grabbed both of my legs and pulled them up by his chest I didn't fight it. And then something I've always dreamed of, Jamie started licking around my asshole. It was incredible and I swear I almost came from it. 

Feeling this Jamie stopped for a second smacked Allen on his ass and said "He's game for all of our fun honey". Allen only laughed a little before feeding me his cock again. "Switch with me Allen, I want some love too" 

And they did. Jamie straddled my head rubbing her shaved pussy around my face before giving me access to her sweetness which I lapped up eagerly. Allen loosened the ropes somehow to allow me to slide down further on the bed. As I laid down more on my back I got better access to Jamie and the lack of attention allowed my own erection to recover. Allen then stood on the bed leaning against the headboard above me so Jamie could take over sucking his cock and when she ground on my face just right I could see this erotic sight from a unique angle and it was sexy to watch. 

In the closet Susan watched and listened to my enjoyable predicament unsure if she should show herself to either break it up or join in. Indecision kept her frozen in place but her arousal was undeniable and she gently rubbed her tits and pussy through her swimsuit without really realizing she was doing it. How far would she let this go she wondered? How far would it go if she never stopped it? Would Gregg stop this at 5 or let it keep going? She knew this was fulfilling many of Gregg's fantasies and as much as she wished she were more a part of it maybe she couldn't have done it if she wanted too. So many questions and doubts swirled in her mind but one thought kept popping up among the confusion - "This is the most turned on I've ever been". 

Finally Jamie declares her need to be fucked but unfortunately for me it's not my turn so I got the next best thing, another fantasy fulfilled although I always dreamed of it being my wife instead of someone else's wife, Jamie turns around into a 69 position and Allen moves to slide into her from behind as I lick at both of them. The close up view of their penetration is amazing and all in can think of is trying to lick each of them as he slides in and out of her. The Jamie begins sucking me again and playing with my balls and ass again. It's been long enough that I'm no longer as close to cumming but with the visual and physical sensations it won't take long so Jamie wisely only gives me short periods of alternating attentions. Meanwhile Allen has begun pounding her with more purpose and it's having affect on all of us. It's not long before she is moaning and repeating "oh yeah" over and over and Allen begins grunting louder and louder. 

Finally Jamie yells out louder than before "Oh Yes! I'm cumming! Oh Yes!" And her body begins to shake and the juices flow from her faster than I can't drink them up. With a few quick forceful pounds Allen has timed his orgasm perfectly and fills her soaking pussy with a generous load of his own which I also do my best to lap up as fast as I can with the excess dripping on my chin and neck. 

Seemingly spent the two roll off of me into a brief embrace before looking at the clock to see it is 5:30. They smile at me and then at each other and leave me tied up while they go shower off together. As soon as the bathroom door closes Susan jumps out of the closet with a towel she found inside it, throws it over me and quickly unties my arms. We dash out of the glass door towards the beach and down the path back to our own room. 

I am scared and nervous as we close the door and look at each other. I have no idea how she is reacting to what just happened until I try to ask "Are you alright?" Susan interrupts the question to kiss me voraciously pushing me back on our bed licking the cum from Allen and Jamie off of my chin and neck. Tearing the towel away from me she grabs my erection briefly before nearly tearing off her swim suit and mounting me in nearly all one motion. I don't think we get more than 5 or 6 hurried but forceful thrusts in before we are both cumming violently into each other. 

Nervous laughter follows and we fall asleep together for a short while before a knock at the door wakes us. Throwing the towel back around me I answer to find a hotel waiter with my swim trunks, a DVD, and a note. 

Thanking him I go back to the bed with Susan and read the note out loud:

Dear Gregg and Susan,

We found Gregg's trunks with your suite key near the closet where Susan was hiding. We were disappointed that you left but completely understand. The key gave us your Room number and Susan's name so we could deliver your copy of our video fun and this note to you. Please join us for dinner at 8 and we can discuss the video evidence of both of you in our room and the safe word Gregg has yet to use. We hope to come to a mutually pleasurable arrangement. 

Sincerely,

Allen and Jamie

My wife and I had a lot of talking to do. 

THE END