 I lay completely naked in Roberto's arms basking in the after glow, while he was still dressed in his shirt and socks.

"Do you mind if I...?" I trailed off, not waiting for an answer. 

I looked up at Roberto as I undid the buttons on his shirt, slowly revealing the dark covering of his chest hair. I bit my lip, but the small groan I was trying to hold back came out anyway. Roberto laughed but there was not a chance I was going to be discouraged. I got up on my knees and straddled his hips. Roberto's warm, large hands flexed across my back.

"I could get used to this you know." He smiled up at me, his hazel eyes sparkling.

I ran my fingertips up Roberto's body, starting at the thin dark trail that began at his pubic hair that gradually became a bush that ended below his collarbone. Gently, I scratched my nails along his chest and dipped my head down to smell him, dragging my nose across his skin. His musk was incredible and it worked its way through me, making me heady and pooling between my legs. 

With ease, Roberto wrapped his arms around my waist and rolled me onto my back and propped himself up on his elbows. I grew wetter with his hot weight looming above me and I squirmed beneath him. He kissed me once before he made his way down my body. His beard tickled my skin as he licked downwards and took my right nipple in his mouth. I threw my head back and arched my back, pushing my breast against his face and searching for pressure against my sex with his own.

Roberto didn't let up, taking my nipple between his teeth and grazing the puckered skin lightly. With his hand he pulled at my left nipple, hard enough to make me cry out but not enough for me to want him to stop. The heat between my legs was becoming almost unbearable and I reached my hands up to Roberto's shoulders and gently tried to guide him down my body.

"Eager, are we?" He repeated with a chuckle, his humid breath playing against my skin.

I lifted my hips in response, pressing my slick core against his abdomen. 

Roberto slid down my body and grabbed behind my knees, spreading my legs and placing my feet on his shoulders. He nudged at my clit with the tip of his nose and I knew right away that this would be like nothing else I had ever experienced. 

With out any further hesitation, Roberto took me in his mouth and sucked on my pussy, running his tongue firmly over my soft folds. I melted under his attentions, greedily lifting my hips. The smooth wetness of his mouth and the roughness of his beard played beautifully on my swollen lips and I couldn't help myself. I thrust my hands into his hair and fucked Roberto's mouth, grazing my clit against his teeth. Roberto moaned into me, sending tremors through my body. Everything. It was all too much, all too overwhelming. As all the muscles in my body started to tighten with my climax, Roberto became more ravenous, devouring me as if he couldn't get enough. 

I lay back on the bed, mouth dry, stillness washing over me with the occasional aftershock of my orgasm shuddering through me and Roberto's face still between my thighs, kissing my tender sex gently. The exhaustion from the day at work and the unexpected and intense romp with Roberto left my eyes heavy and I drifted off.

I woke with a sigh and my hand between my legs. I don't remember the dream but when I opened by eyes, it was pitch black in the room. Fuck. Could I be a worse host? I took my fill from Roberto and then fell asleep. That's why I was surprised when I rolled over and felt the warmth of his body beside me, sleeping peacefully. Heat flooded through me. He hadn't thought I was that terrible, he was still here. I felt giddy with happiness and I couldn't control myself. I lifted myself up and leaned over his body, finding his face and kissing his lips softly. With out pause, and to my amazement, Roberto wrapped his arms around me and rolled me onto my back, taking my mouth in his. 

"Were you actually asleep?" I asked looking up at him, searching to see his face in the darkness.

"I'm a light sleeper, not like you." Roberto laughed as he wiggled into me, his growing erection pressing against my opening.

"I'm sorry, you wore me out."

"Don't be sorry, but it's my turn now."

I didn't have a chance to adjust, or breathe, as Roberto penetrated me roughly. He drove his body hard into me, grunting with exertion. He grabbed my left knee, pulling it up to his shoulder to drive deeper into me. I swore, the incredible agony making my muscles tighten around Roberto's cock. Raw, animal passion rippled between us and I didn't even care if I came, I just loved the feeling of being taken, of being fucked.

Roberto lowered his body onto mine the closer he came to his release. He bit my neck and grunted as he pushed me down into the mattress as he came, his thrusts staying deep and tight.

Roberto drew ragged breaths, the soft air playing against the skin on my neck. With my leg still over his shoulder, I tapped Roberto with my heel for him to move and I felt empty when he withdrew. Empty, and needy as hell. As soon as Roberto had rolled off me, my hand went straight between my thighs. I was slick from Roberto's come and my own wetness and it would have been all too easy to slip my fingers inside, but I knew that wouldn't be enough. I rolled over to my bedside table to get my vibrator but Roberto's large hand grabbed my hip and pulled me back down onto the bed.

"You didn't think I would leave you hanging, did you?" Roberto said, his voice husky from exertion.

"I don-" I was cut off by one of his thick fingers pushing inside me with no resistance.

He drew his finger out and circled my clit.

"Do you like how your cunt feels when it's covered in my come?" He growled.

A lustful thrill shivered through me. I moaned in the affirmative and pressed against the pressure of his finger, desperate for release. He lifted his finger to my mouth and parted my lips, pushing his digit onto my tongue to be sucked.

I moaned again and nodded my approval.

With his finger still in my mouth, Roberto put his other hand between my legs and dipped two fingers inside me.

"Rub your clit for me." Roberto ordered and I complied willingly. I was completely under his command and I loved it.

I sucked hard at the finger in my mouth as my orgasm built inside me. I arched my back and bucked my hips, rubbing my over-stimulated and raw folds against the palm of Roberto's hand as he fucked me deep. The intoxication of my orgasms built up inside of me and was released, one after the other, and my muscles tightened around his fingers and he continued to thrust into me, drawing out my bliss.

I collapsed, lying into Roberto's side as he tenderly removed his hand and wrapped his arms around me. We were in a mess, the sheets were a mess, but we were far too tired to worry. We fell asleep until the morning sunshine woke us.

Roberto followed me into the shower, surprising me as he took me against the wall and ravished me so completely that I was left weak-kneed. He washed quickly and left me alone to look after myself. I tried not to think about how cold hearted it seemed as I washed and dried myself but all negative thoughts left me when I found Roberto in the kitchen with fresh coffee and bagels piled high with bacon and eggs from the cafe across from my house. He smiled warmly at me.

"Ah! So this is the reason for the fuck-and-run, huh?" I said as I walked into his arms.

"It would seem," Roberto mumbled into my damp hair "but don't pretend you don't love it when I'm rough with you."

I blushed deeply, pressing my face further into Roberto's chest. I did love it when I wasn't treated like some delicate and breakable flower, when my hair was pulled and pleasure was taken and given with just a slight edge of pain.

I took up my coffee and inhaled, drinking deeply from the cup. The caffeine was revitalizing.

"Hey, I was supposed to be getting you the coffee this morning!" I pouted up at Roberto.

"After your hospitality, and the fact that I didn't buy you dinner, I thought the least I could do was get you coffee and breakfast."

"Well thank you. It's very kind of you, not to mention very welcome." 

We devoured our breakfast in silence, the only sounds were sips of coffee and our stomachs rumbling appreciatively at the food.

We both finished getting ready and drove back to the exhibition centre in separate cars. Together, we walked into the hall and Roberto left me at my stall with a lingering, coffee flavoured kiss. I watched his back as he walked away from me, a definite spring to his step, I squealed quietly and hugged myself, tapping my feet in a little happy dance. I couldn't believe my night, my time with Roberto. And that happened to me. ME!

"That's a smile I don't get to see everyday. My poor luck!" Bryce's voice shocked me out of my reverie. He was walking over to my stall, smiling all too cheerily for a Sunday morning at work.

"Hey Bryce. How did you go yesterday?"

"Ok. I think you may have had a better day than me though." Bryce winked and jerked his head over to Roberto's stand.

I laughed nervously, completely at a loss of what to say. Bryce, however, wasn't.

"I should have guessed, after the way you two were chatting yesterday. Shame though, I was going to ask you out myself."

I was suddenly far too hot and I knew my face would be showing a bright flush.

"Oh." I dropped my gaze to the floor and smiled. I was overwhelmed with shyness. "I had no idea."

"You're far too modest for such a beautiful girl. Right, well that's enough flirting. I gotta get back to work. You yell if you need me."

Bryce kept smiling that same bright smile as he walked off and I stood alone with my now well-inflated ego.

The hours just dragged. It was a real slow news day. Coupled with flashbacks to the way I was so thoroughly fucked in the shower, it was incredibly difficult to focus on the very little enquiry I had. When I looked down at my phone, it was 11:30am and I was starving. I wandered over to Roberto.

"Busy?" I leaned over the desk flirtatiously.

"Hardly. Come with me, I want to show you something."

Roberto took my hand and we walked through a door behind his booth that read "Employees Only."

"Roberto! What are you doing?"

"I'll show you. Be cool." He turned and smoldered at me. That look shot right through me and I didn't care where we were going.

We must have walked down 200 metres worth of grey corridor before we took a right turn into a dead end.

"This is it?" I asked, confused.

With out answering, Roberto opened a grey door to his left, so well concealed that you wouldn't have noticed it if you weren't in the know. He led me into the room and shut the door behind me.

"Let me guess, you hate surprises?" Roberto turned to me.

I took in the room around me. It was windowless and the same grey as the corridor but with grey carpet, and bare except for 3 low chairs lined up against the far wall.

"You aren't wrong. So what's this?"

Roberto stalked towards me, encircling my waist in one arm when he reached me, and he pulled me in to a deep kiss. I hummed with contentment.

"I hope you've been thinking about me all day." Roberto stated matter-of-factly. 

I nodded up at him.

"Prove it then."

I took his free hand in one of mine and slid it under my skirt until his open palm was cupping my mound. My panties were almost uncomfortably damp.

"Fuck, you are so wet for me. I love it." Roberto growled thickly, grabbing at the waistband and pulling my panties down my thighs. "And there is no way you can keep wearing these today. Off." He ordered.

I wriggled out of my underwear and kicked them off my ankles.

"My turn to be bossy now." I grabbed one of the chairs and brought it back over to Roberto. "Sit."

To my utter delight, Roberto silently complied with a self-satisfied smirk. He knew what was coming and he sat with his legs spread wide enough that I could fit comfortably between them.

Kneeling between his thighs, I undid his trousers and brought them down to his knees, biting hard on my bottom lip as his thick hardness sprang free. I couldn't wait, couldn't hold back any longer. I took him fully in my mouth, groaning with pleasure when the crown hit the back of my throat. I caressed his shaft with my tongue, feeling the veins and the length of him and the vibrations of Roberto's satisfaction rippled through me when he took my head in his hands. Sucking deeply on his cock, nothing gave me more of a thrill than when Roberto gripped my hair and thrust deeply into my mouth. Which is why I was shocked, and hurt, when he pushed me off roughly, his palms pressed hard against my shoulder.

I looked up at him and I was about to ask him what the deal was, but Roberto wasn't looking at me. I followed his gaze and shifted to see what had caught his attention. It was Bryce, standing in the doorway, one hand stroking the very clear outline of his erection. My breath caught in my throat and I gripped Roberto's knee tightly. He took my hand in his and stood up, pulling me up with him.

"Hey man. We're just leaving. Sorry." Roberto stammered, unsuccessfully trying to do up his trousers with his free hand.

"What for? I was enjoying that." Bryce smiled, winking at me. 

I couldn't help myself. I felt hot inside at the thought of him watching me, watching us. My cheeks flushed. Roberto stared at me, his eyebrows knotted.

"You like that, huh?" Bryce stepped towards us, a perverted smirk plastered on his face.

It was comical how loudly I gulped.

Roberto squeezed my hand. "Really?"

I looked up at him and nodded slowly, cautiously. How was it possible to feel so ashamed and so turned on all at once? And then everything happened so suddenly. Roberto pulled me into his body and claimed my mouth in an overpowering kiss. Bryce's body sandwiched me between himself and Roberto, our combined heat making my skin prickle. There were hands all over me, taking my clothes off, fondling me, pushing my legs open, but my mouth never left Roberto's. I wanted everything that was happening to me, but his kiss felt safe and I felt if I broke it, I would have tried to put a pause on everything. As it was, I was being bulldozed into pleasure. 

Two warm hands cupped the heaving globes of my chest, pulling at my nipples firmly. Another hand was between my legs, spreading the lips of my sex to make a path for a thickness that was either fingers or something else. Being completely naked and pressed between two mostly clothed men had me feeling powerful, powerless, utterly submissive and completely turned on. My head was spinning, nothing made sense. 

"I interrupted you two before," Bryce whispered, "and I'm sure you'd be happy to get back to it. With a minor adjustment, of course." Bryce took my jaw in his hand as he spoke, breaking my kiss with Roberto and taking my mouth for his own when he finished speaking.

Hands on both shoulders guided (or did they push?) me to my knees. I looked up at the two men, both with heavy-lidded eyes, and full erections pressing against the confines of their trousers. I motioned with one hand for them to start undressing, feeling like a queen with her subjects. Once they were both standing naked in front of me, I took both of them in my hands, committing their silky skin to my memory. Bryce sighed as I let my hands roam over him, but it was Roberto's fiery glare that had me.

His cock sat heavily in my hand and seemed to surge as I moved closer in anticipation of what was coming. Roberto had waited for this long enough. I let the tip of my tongue lightly play over the velvety, engorged head of his dick. As his salty precum beaded, I looked into his eyes as I licked it and enjoyed it, swirling my tongue around the head before I took Roberto deep into my mouth.

Bryce groaned and thrust himself hard into my fist.

"Suck his dick." Bryce growled. "I want to see you gag."

I whimpered into Roberto as he grabbed my hair and pushed himself down my throat. Hot tears welled up in my eyes but I didn't want to stop. A third hand fisted in my hair and pulled me off Roberto, and Bryce guided my lips onto his waiting cock.

"Wait." Roberto commanded, manipulating our bodies into the position he wanted: him lying on the floor with me kneeling over his face.

Wickedness flashed in his eyes as he took a firm hold on my hips and pulled me down. With out hesitation, Roberto plunged his tongue into me, making me cry out, the vibrations of my pleasure moving through Bryce. I rolled my hips, grinding into Roberto while taking Bryce deeper into my mouth, not a difficult feat after the girth of Roberto. 

As Roberto's hot tongue pushed me onto the edge of coming, it was almost impossible for me to keep my attention on Bryce, but he was able to keep a hold on my focus with his hand on my head guiding me back. I opened my eyes and looked up at Bryce, silently pleading for release.

"Do you want to come?" He grunted down to me.

I tried to nod but Bryce's cock was so deep in my mouth that it was hardly any movement at all, and I was afraid he would miss it. Almost immediately though, Bryce released me, his dick sliding rubbing over my wet and reddened lips.

Roberto's hands gripped my ass tightly and kneaded my cheeks. I had been captured and it was near impossible for me to move. Roberto's mouth greedily enveloped my pussy, and he sucked hard while he probed me with his tongue. I couldn't hold on any longer. My entire body tightened, starting with my knees at Roberto's face and working up to my shoulders. I threw my head back, hungry for air as I quivered and released, my whole body thrown into orgasm. Roberto didn't stop devouring me. I opened my mouth to call his name, but before I could utter a sound, spurts of thick warm heat landed on my lips. Bryce was standing over me with his face twisted in raw bliss as he came on me.

The sounds that came from me were animal, unbridled. I lost my breath and my vision as my orgasm left my body and my strength evaporated, collapsing onto the floor. I vaguely understood that the men were moving around me, but I was too exhausted and used to open my eyes. The sound of their talking was audible but far away.

"I just want to taste her, and then you can do whatever you like." Bryce panted.

I shuddered violently as two fingers touched me, spreading the lips of my sex. Bryce licked me slowly, from my tightened and wet opening to my still-pulsing clit, stopping there to circle his tongue. He blew warm breath onto my exposed folds when he spoke.

"Your cunt is so sweet."

It was lecherous and vulgar but I couldn't help the wanting mewl that escaped me.

"Enough." Roberto's voice commanded from somewhere above me. But then he was on me, over me.

I opened my eyes to take in his face and Roberto's eyes burned into mine.

"Gently, ok?" I whispered to him.

When he didn't answer, I knew I was in trouble. With out pause, Roberto impaled me, driving his cock deep inside me with urgency. I struggled for breath as he ravished me, my swollen and aching pussy becoming wet with the rough friction. I trembled as an orgasm welled up from deep inside my body.

"Fuck yes." Roberto groaned, and he plunged deep into me as he released, bringing my own climax out of me.

Roberto dropped down beside me and I curled up into him, both of us still reeling from the intensity of release. I heard Roberto's voice rumble through his chest but I didn't catch his words.

"What?" I asked, tapping my fingers lightly on his chest.

"He's gone. Bryce is gone."

I breathed a heavy sigh of relief. I was satisfied, but I felt dirty, used and in need of some serious comfort.

"Hey," Roberto lifted my head to look down at me. "Are you ok?"

I nodded cautiously.

"Come on, let's go home."