 Please read the first part of this story to understand where it picks up. This is for the people nice enough to respond and ask for more. Sorry it took so long to post. I don't get as much time as I would like to enjoy the fantasy worlds I write about. 

*

My wife Susan and I looked at each other after reading the note from Allen and Jamie. We didn't really know what to say to each other. What had happened earlier that day was totally unexpected (to me at least) and totally hot. It was the sexiest experience of my life to say the least and although we are very open about such things I was a little nervous about my wife's reaction and true feelings about it all. 

"Should we watch the movie?" was the first thing either of us had said since getting back to our room a few hours ago. After an incredible intense fast fuck session we both fell asleep to be awakened by the knock at our door and delivery of the note and DVD. I could only shrug in response still too afraid to open my mouth and say something that might ruin my luck so far.

She grabbed our laptop (the only DVD player in our room) and slipped the disc in to play. Lying on the bed with the laptop between us the movie started up and we both silently watched the events of earlier that afternoon unfold from a totally different perspective for us both. At one point I think there was a glimpse of Susan in the closet and it looked like she was rubbing her tit and pussy but it was so quick I couldn't be sure. I looked at my wife as she stared at the screen and noticed she was again breathing a little shallow and licking her lips obviously getting turned on again. I thought to myself that I was safe now if she noticed my growing erection through the towel wrapped around my waste.

As the movie finished up showing us running out of the room we both looked at each other blushing knowingly and I reached over to kiss her lightly. I still wasn't willing to be the first to say something so I waited just holding her close after moving the laptop out of the way. Of course holding my beautiful naked wife and thinking back to the movie and the events I lived during the making of that movie had me pretty hard and I wasn't sure Susan would appreciate that so I was careful to keep from poking her too much as I held her.

Finally she broke the silence to say in a thankfully joking tone "I guess you've never had a better day have you?"

I could only laugh a little and blush again with a sheepish response of "No, I guess not. Wow.."

She smiled again and that really helped to put me at ease. She snuggled in closer and shifted around until my hard-on pressed up against her belly. "Incredible," was all she said to realizing I was still turned on. "you are still hard and ready for action. You must really be loving this."

"I'm not going to lie because you know it would be a lie, I'm just more worried about your reaction to all of this. I'm scared to death about what you might be thinking and truly feeling right now."

"Oh, I'm coming to terms with it." She rolled me over at this and pulled my towel away from me and began stroking my hard cock. My eyes rolled back and I let out a deep breath. "I think we should get cleaned up and get ready for dinner. We don't want to keep our blackmailers waiting."

With that she got up and went into the shower doing the come get me finger motion for me to follow her. I'm not fool so I quickly jumped up bobbing hard on and all and followed her into the bathroom.

Try as I did we didn't have shower sex no matter how badly we both wanted to. Susan reminded me I had better save my strength as this could be an interesting night. Reluctantly I had to agree and although we did play and tease quite a bit I was nearly aching to cum as I'm sure she was as well.

Finally dressed in simple casual clothes we were ready to head out. A million questions still whirled around in my head but I thought to myself that keeping silent had worked pretty well all day so I was going to let her and the couple we were meeting lead on. At the restaurant we saw Allen and Jamie sitting in a corner table a little secluded from most other tables which was nice but also made me strangely nervous at the same time. As we approached the table they both stood and came over to hug and kiss us both. It was strange for me to have Allen kiss me on the cheek as we exchanged a hug but again I was going with the flow. I wondered how Susan would react to their hugs as she hadn't been quite as intimate with them as I had (yet). Surprisingly she hugged them both much closer and longer than I expected and even kissed them both on the lips and maybe even parted her lips just slightly for Allen but I couldn't be sure as Jamie was giving me my greeting at the same time.

I had decided to go commando in anticipation of events to come but now almost regretted it as I felt my hard-on returning and imagined the whole place was noticing the tent in my loose pants. We thankfully sat down boy, girl, boy, girl around the table with Allen directly across from me, Susan to my right and Jamie to my left. The table cloths were long so when we scooted into the table we were covered almost from the top of our wastes down. I immediately felt Jamie's foot rubbing my left leg and I wondered if Allen and Susan might be touching beneath the table somehow as well. Soon I guessed they must be because Susan began rubbing my right leg with her foot and I assume it was in response to Allen's attention on her right leg. The under table footsies were silly really but it did send the clear message that dinner was just a formality and we were expected to continue with them afterwards.

With that understanding the dinner conversation was very civil and strangely non-sexual for the most part. Allen and Jamie were from the mid-west and had enjoyed 10 years of open marriage. After they discovered that purely by coincidence neither of them could produce children they decided to explore the joys life and sex had to offer when it had no pregnancy risks. I thought briefly of our own children back home wondering what they would think of dear old mom and dad if they knew where we were headed that night. Hopefully they never find out, or at least are understanding and open minded enough to take it well if they ever do find out.

As we finished our meals which were light in consideration of our later intentions, the conversation took an unexpected turn when my wife interjected, "I was so excited to find you guys on the internet last month. I knew Gregg would enjoy this vacation." 

I almost spit my water out across the table when it hit me what she had just confessed. I looked incredulously at my loving conniving wife and didn't know how to respond. There was a strange silence as everyone watched me trying to understand and compile what I now knew. "So you set me up?" was about all I could think to say. Thinking back I wish I had said something wittier. With big smiles and a few giggles and chuckles they quickly relayed the full truth about this elaborate setup engineered by my once withdrawn wife. They each told of their favorite emails and chat session where apparently they had typed out numerous scenarios and exchanged pictures and even videos of each other building a familiarity that rivaled lifelong friends. When they seemed to have finished with this great inside joke at my expense (and also my pleasure) I suggested we should adjourn to a room and they could act out a few of their stories or create some new ones.

All in agreement we quickly left to go back to Allen and Jamie's room deciding we all wanted to be able to record at least some of the action with their camera and tripod. Back at the room as the door closed Susan wasted no time pealing out of her sundress to briefly reveal a see-through bra and no panties. The Bra quickly followed and there stood my beautiful naked aggressively helping Allen unbutton his shirt as I felt Jamie's hands push me into the room pulling my shirt off and working on my pants. She too had quickly lost her dress and underwear (if she had been wearing any, I hadn't had a chance to notice). Much to our pleasure the girls pushed Allen and I back on the bed beside each other and finished removing all of our clothes. 

I took great enjoyment looking down at Allen's hardening cock as my wife began to stroke it and soon lowered her head down to take him into her mouth. Jamie had other ideas and was apparently impressed by my earlier efforts as she moved up to straddle my face lowering her moist pussy to my mouth and tongue. If I had to have my view of Allen's cock in my wife's mouth by anything I couldn't ask for a better or tastier obstruction. Jamie's pussy tasted like sweet tropical fruits somehow. I wondered if it was just the scent of her bath lotion or something that gave me that impression.

I licked and rubbed and fingered Jamie until she began roughly rubbing and pushing herself onto my face nearly riding my face. I wasn't sure what else was going on in the room but I did hear muffled noises that suggested Susan was enjoying Allen in very intimate and carnal ways. The thought turned me on more and soon I felt a hand on my hard cock and moaned loudly into Jamie's soaked pussy.

Finally she decided she was ready for more and dismounted my face and I looked up to see it was Allen's hand on my cock as he still lay beside me with Susan riding his cock like a true cowgirl. Her ample tits bouncing and swaying as her head rocked back and her eyes closed. I could tell she was close and when Jamie took one of her nipples into her mouth and sucked hard it pushed Susan over the top and she came for the first time that night. Her whole body shuddered and shook as she moaned a deep guttural moan. Soon, spent, she rolled off Allen onto the bed and I sat up to quickly take him into my mouth not wanting to miss a chance to taste my wife's sweet juices all over his cock.

As I had rolled onto my side and soon over onto my knees Jamie had retrieved a realistic dildo and some lube and had begun working on my ass. I knew what she was working toward and I was all for it. As Susan slowly recovered she noticed Jamie and moved around to reach under me and stroke my hard cock and balls. With the anal stimulation, Susan's soft hands on my cock and balls, and Allen's hard cock in my mouth I nearly came and again the girls sensed this and pulled away. 

I was sucking Allen as deep as I could and knowing what I like gently rubbed his balls and pulled them gently before gently tickling the skin just below his balls. Finally I reached under and began to rub his asshole as I continued pressure on his cock in my mouth. He reached down to hold my head and I knew he was close so I took note from the girls and pulled away gently stroking him as I sat up and left him wanting more. Jamie rolled over onto her back next to me and pulled me over to her. Susan reached between us to guide my cock into her dripping pussy and it was an incredible sensation to feel my wife's hand wrapped around me and so close to another woman's pussy. As I slide into her we all three sighed out loud and Susan actually rubbed Jamie's clit a second before removing her hand completely. 

As I worked into a rhythm with Jamie I felt more attention on my ass as Susan and Allen began to work on loosening me up for the inevitable. I leaned over and moved while still driving into Jamie to give them better access. I could look back to see Susan stroking Allen as they worked more and more of the dildo into my ass. The pressure was incredible in my ass and it seemed to help my staying power as I continued to drive into Jamie and she began to grunt and call out a little louder how much she wanted me to fuck her. 

Soon I felt the dildo slide out of me and I paused as I felt Allen climb up behind me. Here came the much anticipated first for me as he pressed the head of his hard cock slowly into me. I had stopped fucking Jamie all together but the insertion into my ass caused my cock to twitch and jump inside her and her pussy responded to the action with squeezes and milking actions that I had only ever felt from my wife before. 

Once Allen was completely inside my well lubed ass we all held our breath for a moment and I tried to get used to the new sensations. It was so much better than I ever expected and as I became more accustomed to it I began to slowly move into Jamie again. Allen understood my signal and also began slowly moving in and out of me and we quickly found a good rhythm and gradually increased together as if we had done this a million times. 

The feelings were incredible and impossible to express and it was no surprise to me that I was quickly approaching a climax like I had never had before. When I felt Susan's had on my balls as I slid in and out of Jamie I knew it would only be seconds and I am guessing she had also been working Jamie as she quickly began convulsing and nearly screaming beneath me with her climax. That realization put me over the edge and I quickly began pouring my seed into her and I'm sure my tightened muscles are what drove Allen over the edge as I took my first load in my ass from him. 

We continued to move into each other long after our orgasms had subsided and finally we all let the afterglow slow our movements and we collapsed in different piles on the bed. Susan had completely recovered from her earlier orgasm and was ready for more but she was considerate in waiting at least 10 seconds before demanding that Allen and I join her in the shower. Jamie was happy to rest and promised to follow with the camera in a bit. Allen and I had no expectations of quick recovery but at Susan's insistence and our desire to wash ourselves a little after that incredible encounter we followed her into the bathroom where she quickly had the shower going. 

I had an idea what Susan was going for or at least one thing she was hoping for that night but I was still worried about my own recovery to think too far ahead of myself. We all climbed into the shower and Susan graciously offered to let us wash her first and then she would wash each of us off. We agreed as we both enjoyed the thought of rubbing my wife's sexy body all over with soap and water and I knew she might just cum from the attention of two men at once. 

I heard the door open and close again and turned to see Jamie true to her word with the camera carefully filming as her husband and I explored every inch of Susan's soft skin. She eventually reached out and had a cock in each hand gently stroking us back to life and gradually we were both getting there. Soon she took the soap from Allen and began soaping him up. I continued to rub and caress her as she was still between us. Soon Susan had kneeled down between us and was rubbing both our cocks with soap and she gently pulled us together to rub our hardening cocks against each other. This was another first for me and it was strangely very erotic and turned me on more than I imagined it would.

Allen and I moved next to each other and leaned on each other to allow Susan to wash us each thoroughly. It was incredibly erotic watching my wife stroking each of us with her head so close we both strained to push ourselves closer to her mouth as she turned her attention back and forth between us. As she finished washing each of us satisfied that we were both ready to go again she stood up and turned to face Allen pressing her large tits against his chest and pushing his cock down between her legs. I instinctively moved to press up behind her and I slipped my cock in between her ass cheeks to rub against her tight little asshole. Allen and I pulled on each other's arms to squeeze Susan between us and she gasped a little as our cocks pressed into her a little more with the added pressure. 

"Let's go back into the bedroom." Susan said breathlessly as she took both our hand and we stepped out of the shower. We each dried off quickly while Jamie jumped into the shower to have a quick rinse wanting to be ready to join in again when we were all ready.

Back in the bedroom Susan pushed Allen back onto the bed and quickly straddled his still hard cock. As she slowly mounted him she looked over her shoulder at me and simply says, "You know what I want." Of course I knew. She had always been turned on by double penetration videos and had confided in me more than once that she would kind of maybe want to try it. Well tonight was kind of maybe the time. I reached over to the night stand and got the tube of lube and began to work Susan's tight little asshole. Loosening it with my fingers first as she slowly moved on Allen keeping him hard inside her. As I felt her loosen and relax I lubed my cock up which was throbbing and twitching at the idea of sliding into her tight ass. 

When she felt the first gentle pressure of my cock head against her tight little ass she gasped and held her breath a little before relaxing and pushing back a little against me. I took the pressure as a sign to push a bit further and slowly we worked our way together and I was soon buried deep in her ass. It was incredibly tight in the best way and I knew I wouldn't last long despite of my recent activity. We soon found a rhythm between her riding Allen and me pushing into her. She was more vocal than she has ever been before and it was incredibly hot hearing my sweet wife moaning and grunting out phrases that included "Pound that ass... yes!" and "Oh God I'm so full. I want it deeper. Fill me up you two!"

Although we had only been going for a short time I did take a minute to turn and see Jamie with the video camera off the tri-pod getting close ups and varied angles that I couldn't wait to see later. Soon she re-positioned the tripod and camera and went back into the bathroom which I thought odd until she quickly returned buckling up a strap-on as she walked over to me. I slowed our motions allowing her access to lube and loosen my ass up which surprisingly didn't take long and felt great. I leaned forward to whisper into Susan's ear "Jamie is going to fuck my ass while I fuck your ass and you ride Allen." She gasped and closed her eyes clearly turned on my the idea and we all slowed and allowed Jamie to climb up behind me and press her life-like strap-on cock into my ass. It hurt a little but over-all it was incredible. 

The break and time we spent allowing Jamie to get into my ass allowed Allen and I to recover some and once Jamie was completely inside me and I relaxed enough to let her start fucking me we all resumes our movements. It was confused and awkward at first but eventually we all got into a grinding rocking motion that really worked for all of us. It worked so well in fact that we were all cumming shortly after hitting our rhythm. First Allen began shooting his load into Susan which set her orgasm off and the sensation of feeling Allen spurting into Susan, her spasming pussy and tightening ass muscles basically squeezed me into cumming which was really unexpected and intense. Jamie had a small orgasm as a result of the strap-on motion against her clit and I felt bad for her for a split second before she slipped out of my ass, I slipped out of Susan's ass and she slipped off of Allen's Cock and we all collapsed and fell asleep for a while.

When we finally awoke we were all still exhausted and satisfied (even Jamie) so we said our goodnights and loosely dressed to walk back to our room. Susan and I held each other closer and tighter during that walk and sleeping naked together that night than we ever have before. 

Unfortunately or fortunately (not sure which) Jamie and Allen had to leave the next day so there was no repeat performance that vacation but the 3 night Susan and I had left were totally enjoyable re-living and re-loving each other.

When we finally got home there was a package waiting with a DVD inside and a note that simply said:
