 (This is the final Drifter story. This story includes some violent and very graphic situations - if this kind of stuff disturbs you - this is your warning.)

*

He leaned against the gray BMW watching the front of the school. Soon classes would be letting out, and the final part of his plan would fall into place. At about 2:50 PM the bells rang at West Phoenix High, and kids began to pour out the doors at the front of the school. The drifter punched the name of Diane on his cell, and the number began to ring. 

"Hello?"

"Hey, Di. It's Hank."

"Wow. Where are you?"

"Outside your school. You wanna party today?"

"Like right now?"

"Sure. I got some weed and coke, and I wanted to hang out with you before I left town."

There was a pause on the other end, and a little whispering in the background. "Can I bring a friend?"

"Male or female?"

"Female, stupid. It's my friend, Rachel. You'll like her, she's fun."

"Sure, more the merrier. See you out front."

"Bye."

So there were going to be two young girls instead. Okay. He could deal with that. He would have to improvise just a bit, but the outcome would be the same. He would get his revenge on Katherine and have a lot of fun at the same time.

He waited by the car for about 10 minutes, then he saw them coming down the school stairs. Diane and Rachel! Both were beautiful and both were 18. Oh, this was going to be very fun. Diane was a younger version of her beautiful mother just on the thinner side. Her face is model pretty with dazzling green eyes and long red hair that flowed down to the middle of her back. She was 5'7" with very long legs. Her breasts are not overly large, about 36B. They were very perky and stood up proudly on her chest. Her best feature without a doubt was her perfect ass. It is firm and tight and shaped just a heart. This lovely asset was displayed today in a very tight pair of jeans that hugged her body like a second skin. 

Her friend, Rachel was the complete opposite of Diane. She appeared to be a little shorter then Di. About 5'6", but her legs were long also. She had long black hair and brown eyes. Her skin was olive colored and gave off the glow of a deep tan. Her breasts were bigger than Diane's and you could tell she did not have a bra on from the way they swayed inside her red halter dress with spaghetti straps. The drifter smiled in admiration as the two girls approached him. They were sexy, hot, and ready to party. Ahh, to be young again. Both girls had the blessings of the young -- seemingly unending youth, beautiful looks, and the attitude that there were no consequences for their actions. Well, there would be today, maybe not because of their actions, but because of Diane's mother and her brother. These two sexy young women would have to pay for the actions of those two. 

Diane's mother, Katherine, and brother, Justin, had taken the drifter's hard earned money and leisure from him, and he was making them pay for it. You never fucked with the drifter. He always got even. The plans that he had set in place were working and he knew that he would exact the revenge that he desired. 

The drifter had hooked up with Katherine, a very successful business woman from Phoenix two months before. He had seduced her, fucked her blind with his huge cock, and basically turned her into his sexual slave. She would do anything for him, just so he would fuck her again. It had been a sweet arrangement. They had met in Dallas. She was there for a convention, and he was there to find his next meal ticket. It was bad news for her from the first moment he saw her. In two days, he had turned her from a confident, arrogant successful business owner into a subservient slave to his massive prick. He had fucked her for two solid days, abused her mind and body, covered her in cum and piss, and she had loved every second of it. She had never experienced the pleasure that his huge cock provided as he had drilled it into every orifice that she had and filled her with his cum. By the end of that first encounter, she was begging him to abuse her more, to do anything to her that he wanted as long as he stayed with her. What he wanted was her money, and she gave it freely. She took him back to Phoenix and provided everything for him, an apartment, new clothes, car and lifestyle. She gave him an allowance of $2000 per week just for the privilege of fucking him. She was obsessed with him and his huge, thick cock. She could not get enough of him. She went everywhere with him. She took him on business trips, on weekend retreats, on expensive vacations here and there. And she paid for it all. Yet, there was trouble in paradise. Katherine's son, Justin was the vice-president of her computer company. He could clearly see what type of man the drifter was at once. He had tried to get his mother to listen to reason, to quit acting like a teenage slut, to quit embarrassing herself, family and business. She had not listened. Her desire for the drifter was too great. So the son had hired detectives to follow the drifter everywhere. They had gotten everything on him. While Katherine had been working hard to pay for his gigolo lifestyle, he had been fucking other women all over Phoenix. The detectives had photographed most of his encounters. When Justin showed his mom the evidence of the drifter's true nature, she finally agreed to cut him loose. Justin had handled everything personally. He arranged for his mother to go somewhere that the drifter could not find her. He had cancelled all the drifter's credit cards and allowance, and had his car repossessed. Plus he had the Phoenix sheriff come and evicted the drifter from his luxury apartment. The drifter was back on the streets. Yet, he was not beaten by any means. While he plotted his revenge on Katherine and her son, he'd hooked up with some of his other women. He had laid low for a couple of weeks fucking these other women, but now he was ready to act. 

First, he had gone to the brother's house and seduced his wife. He had fucked her with his huge cock, but also degraded her. He had filmed it and sent a clip of it to the husband by email. Now he was going to use the daughter to get at the Mother. If there was another person involved like Rachel that was just too bad. His revenge was more important then the consideration of any innocent. 

Plus Diane was not innocent. He had already fucked her several times. The first time had been by the pool at her house. It was a very warm spring day in the dessert and Katherine was at work. Hank had come over for the express purpose of seeing if he could get this very hot 18 year old to climb his towering cock. He acted like he was dropping by to see if her Mother was there, but soon Diane and he were drinking Mai Tai's and sharing a joint. That quickly progressed to some hot kissing and fondling her cute perky breasts. When she suggested a little skinny dipping to beat the heat, he said he would be glad to join her. She stripped off her skimpy thong bottoms and dove into the pool. She watched as he got out his clothes, and when his giant-sized cock appeared in front of her face all she could do was stare in awe. 

"Shit! It's fucking HUGE!" she exclaimed as he paraded around the pool for her his giant prick bouncing and swinging with each step. They splashed around in the water for awhile, until he grabbed her and pulled her into a tight embrace. Their lips met in a passionate kiss as their naked bodies pressed together. His hands cupped the tight cheeks of her perfectly shaped ass, and she wrapped her legs around his waist as the kiss continued. His huge cock had swelled to full length and was pressed between them. The drifter lifted her higher until his large mushroom shaped cockhead was pushing against her drooling cunt lips and he shoved. She wasn't a virgin by any means, but when the head of his wrist-thick cock rammed up and stretched her tender young cunt, Diane screamed out. She lost control and started to orgasm almost as once. She wrapped her legs and arms tightly around him. Her moans turned to shrieks, and he could feel the fire in her tight pussy as it massaged his surging prick every time he thrust into her hot churning cunt. They had fucked for two hours in and around the pool that day. They had tried every position and almost every sexual act but anal. She was afraid of his giant cock ripping her apart back there. He had cum both inside her and all over her, and she had become his willing slave. She had developed one of those desperate teenage crushes that made her want to be with him all the time. They had fucked several more times after the first session. He had both the mother and daughter so wrapped around his big cock, he was about to suggest a permanent mother-daughter threesome when the party had ended abruptly. 

The drifter had plans for Diane, big plans. Somehow Katherine thought that her little trampy cock-whore of a daughter was as pure as the driven snow. So if the drifter filmed Diane sucking and fucking his giant prick, he figured that Katherine would pay a lot of money to keep that film from being released on the net. And that was not an idle threat. The drifter in his wanderings through the sexual badlands of America had met some really disgusting people over the years. One of those disgusting souls owned a huge porn internet company based in Mexico. The drifter had done some acting work for him over the years, and this wonderful soul was willing to take any piece of film that the drifter had and put it on the web. That was the final destination for both little film clips of the wife and the daughter, if Katherine didn't come up with $250,000 in cash. He would get the money and disappear, and the films would appear on the net anyway. It was going to be sweet revenge, plus he got to fuck two hot cunts. Now with Rachel tagging along that number increased to three. 

The two young girls walked up to Hank, and Diane gave him a big sloppy kiss right on the lips. As she hugged him, she ground her hips against his crotch hoping for his big rod to rub against her.

"Whoa, tiger! There will be plenty of time for that," Hank laughed as he put her at arms length. 

"I'm so glad to see you. What happened? No one would tell me. One second, Mom is there, and the next she is gone. Justin said that you had left town for good. What happened?"

"Nothing. Your mom had to leave town on a long business trip, and Justin suggested I move on. He thought I was bad for your mom." 

"The only thing that is bad for her is his over-protective attitude."

"Well, let's not talk about that okay. Who is your friend?"

"Hank this is Rachel. She is my best friend. I tell her everything," Diane said with big smile.

"Everything?"

"Yep, she knows all about us. She has wanted to meet you for a while."

"Well, nice to meet you Rachel," the drifter said as he took her hand. "So would you two like to party today?"

"You bet your ass we would," Rachel blurted out as she leered at the drifter. 

"Cool. So why don't you follow me back to my hotel? I have booze, some weed and a little coke. We can have a really nice little farewell party. How does the sound?"

Both girls agreed excitedly. They ran off to get Diane's car, and he waited watching all the teenage pussy walk by his car. It was a shame that this gig was over. It had been so sweet and so easy except for Justin and his meddling ways. Well, Hank had gotten him back. He had made Justin's wife, Amy his latest conquest this morning. Hank had degraded her so much that she would never forget and would always desire his giant cock; and Justin after seeing what his wife was capable of when properly stimulated, would never be able to forgive her. Yeah, revenge was fun when done the drifter's way.

The girls finally rolled up in Diane's Mini-Cooper, and he led the way to the hotel where he had set up shop nearby. He had checked into a Candlewood Suites hotel. It offered a living room, full kitchen and large bedroom. He had spent the better part of the afternoon after leaving Justin's wife fucked out on the floor of her house, setting up the hotel suite for his plan. He had rented several spy cameras, MAC power books, and wireless video receivers to record the film debut of Diane. He had three cameras going in the bedroom and three in the living room. This way he was going to get great coverage of both rooms from all angles. The MAC power books and the receivers were all stored in the kitchen cabinets so they would not be seen by anyone.

When they got to the hotel, the girls followed him up to his room and inside. As soon as the door was closed, Diane threw herself at Hank and pressed her tight young body against him as she hungrily kissed his mouth. He kissed her back hard as they traded tongues back and forth for several moments. He finally broke away from her and led both girls into the living room. He left them there to go into the kitchen to fix them drinks and turn on the cameras by remote. When he returned with the alcohol, the girls had already found and lit a joint. He sat down between them and soon they were passing the joint back and forth. Soon the room was thick with pot smoke as the girls took major hit after major hit. They both smoked like pros, as they took the hit, held it, and blew out a cloud of smoke. Slowly but surely they were getting fucking bombed. Everyone relaxed into the couch as they enjoyed the buzz and thoughts of the fun to come. Finally, Diane leaned over and whispered in his ear. 

"I want to suck you off right now," Diane smiled and winked at a very drunk and stoned Rachel. 

"Be my guest." 

Diane's hands went to his crotch and started to unzipped him. As she freed his giant cock, it sprang from his pants revealing a huge cock that bounced and swayed in the air. Rachel gasped when she saw the full length and girth of his cock. She had never seen any dick that big. It almost looked unreal the way it swayed back and forth.

"Jesus, I had no idea. She said you were big, but that thing is huge!" 

Diane started licking the head of his towering shaft, twirling her tongue around the crimson head like an all day sucker. She locked her mouth over the large flaring head and tried to suck more of his immense prick into her wide open mouth. Hank's hips buck sending his huge cockhead three inches into her sensuous mouth, and Diane purred in lust as she nursed on his engorged crown. Hank turned to Rachel and kissed her deeply, their tongues tied together. As their breathing becoming heavier and heavier, he slipped the straps of her halter dress off her shoulders and they fell to her waist revealing her perfect teenage breasts. As he kissed her, he fondled her tits and rolled her nipples around with his fingers, while Di was trying to suck more of his 11 inch cock into her mouth. He could feel the head of his dick actually in her throat as she jerked and tugged on his massive cock giving him tremendous pleasure. If it was possible his shaft seemed too hardened further under her ministrations. Rachel joined the fun went she started caressing his cock while Di worked her mouth further down past his distended crown.

"I want to suck his cock now" Rachel demanded.

"I want to eat you out while she sucks me," Hank told her. 

"Okay," Rachel cooed. She stood up and her dress fell to the floor. She was standing in front of him in only a thin pink thong. Hank whistled softly as Rachel pulled her thong down her legs, letting it drop around her ankles. 

Would you look at that sweet ass!"? Hank said admiringly as Rachel turned around displaying her best asset. Then she spread her legs, bent over exposing her shaved pussy to his view. 

"Come over here and sit down," Hank said as he motioned for Rachel to stick her wet crotch into his face. He lay back on the couch, and Rachel lowered her juicy cunt onto his face, while Diane continued to suck his giant cock. As he licked Rachel's pussy lips and sucked her now swollen clit, Diane was rolling his large balls in one hand and stroking his raging cock with the other, all the while sucking on the tip. As he began fucking Rachel with his tongue and getting a taste of her womanhood, Diane was trying to get Hank's cock as far down her throat as possible. Her face would bloat each time he pushed in and her throat would bulge with the next thrust. As he feasted on Rachel's drooling pussy, his tongue moving in and out her tight slit, Diane continued stroking and licking and sucking Hank's giant prick. She loved his male taste and odor as she plunged her throat up and down his massive cock. 

"GOD, OH GOD, OH GGGG" Rachel screamed as her hips started bucking on Hank's face. Her sweet juices flowed from her steaming hole, and he kept sucking her clit until she came in a violent burst of flailing hips and lips. He needed to hold her thighs to keep her from falling backward, as Rachel's boiling cunt unloaded a thick earthy drink of girly juice into his mouth. 

"OOOOHH, AAAAHHH!", she cried as he continued to tongue her throbbing clit. "FFUUCCKK, I'M CCCUUUMMMIING!"

"I wanna have some fun too!" Diane complained as she relinquished his twitching cockhead with a last lick of her hot little tongue. She quickly stood up and striped off her jeans, thong and top. As a satisfied Rachel slid off his face and onto the couch, Hank saw Di standing in all her naked glory, and his cock gave a lurch at how hot she looked. She straddled his hips, supporting herself on his washboard abs, and guided the monster tip to the entrance of her quivering cunt. Slowly, Di impaled herself on his soaring cock until the entire head was inside her tight teenage pussy. She groaned in pleasure, relishing in the sensation of his pulsing rod filling her so completely. 

"Unnnhhh!" she panted as she slid a couple more inches of his long fat shaft inside her overfilled pussy. An unbelieving Rachel watched bug-eyed as over half of Hank's giant cock somehow managed to find its way into the depths of Di's creaming vagina. Slowly, inch by inch, Di lowered herself on his giant prick until she felt the tip hitting the back of her pussy. Her cunt was vibrating from the effort of getting his huge cock up her warm, tight cunt. Rachel started to rub Di's hard little clit as she began to rise and fall on Hank's cock. As she rapidly drove her hips up and down his shaft, the combination of his oversized prick plowing her cunt and Rachel's expert caresses brought Diane over the edge. She exploded with a guttural cry as she bucked more rapidly up and down on his fat cock. At the height of her orgasm, Hank flipped Di onto her back and continued the assault on her gushing cunt. She screamed out with passion as Hank's surging cock plowed up her tight slit, a tight slit that she threw back at his cock with her bucking hips. Her vagina was pouring pussy juices out like a faucet as he drove his over 11 powerful inches of wrist-thick manhood even further up her pussy. She yelled obscenities as he pounded her mercilessly with his jutting cock time and again. As she rode the monster filling her hot box with every thrust, he felt her start to tremble and shake in his arms. As Di reached her second climax, her screams filled the entire suite. 

"SHIT! I CAN FEEL IT! I'M GONNA CUM! GONNA CUM!!! YES, OOOOHHHHH YYYEESSS!"

As the orgasmic screams of Diane filled the suite, Hank's jutting cock drilled into her tight cunt again and again continuing to keep her on the edge. As he filled her overflowing pussy repeatedly with his thick shaft on each thrust, Diane could feel another bigger orgasm start to build deep in her cunt. It was going to be a big one, a huge one, one that made all this waiting for Hank's return worthwhile. As his cock speared her sweet pussy with each thrust, the drifter savored the tightness of her warm cunt walls. He bottomed out on each thrust into Di's talented cunt, his huge balls slapping her thighs as he penetrated Di's vagina to the hilt. As he continually hit the back of her exploding womb, she grunted like a wild animal and began to shudder uncontrollably. An intense orgasm shook her frame and her spasming cunt clamped down on Hank's thrusting cock. She bucked and ground her pelvis against his savage onslaught as his heavy balls bouncing off her thighs with each huge thrust. She started screaming and gurgling incomprehensively as she rode his giant cock to heaven for a third time.
