 It was a cold Saturday morning in London when Viju woke up, and stretched herself lazily in the bed. It was eight in the morning, and she had the luxury of getting up at her time since the kids were already out of the place on their weekend trip. 

Viju was warm and flushed since she had been dreaming of her sexual encounters with Mahesh earlier that year in Edinburgh. She reached down and felt herself wet with arousal. 

"Waking up horny alone in bed on a winter morning is not a good idea. " she said to herself. 

A good fuck is what she needed, and she was not inclined to have, those casual one night stands that so many people had hinted at. 

Besides being a single mother of three, left little time for socializing, and most of her time was spent between her job and managing the three kids. 

Viju was in her late 40s , but she did not look a day older than 35. She stood 5'7" tall in her socks and had a beautiful angelic face with high cheek bones, sexy brown eyes and shoulder length hair. She had always maintenance herself well and had a lithe and full figure with a firm bust of 36 C cups, which had stayed firm despite her age. 

As she got around to making herself a cup of coffee, she realized that she was still horny. Since there was no one at home she spread herself on the couch and started to play with herself. She kept imaging that Mahesh was pounding her pussy and fingered herself into a quick but intense orgasm. 

The Christmas break was coming up, and the kids were all planning to be away with their friends on a trip. This left her with a prospect of spending a lonely festival, or taking off on a holiday on her own. 

As she was wondering on what to do she got a wild thought in her head. Mahesh had been constantly reminding her that she hadn't been to India for a couple of years and it would be great if she could make a trip and catch up with old friends . 

Moreover, since Mahesh and Kavita were into the swinging lifestyle, it would also give her an opportunity to get some much-needed sexual attention from the group. 

Mahesh had shared the details of their last encounter in Scotland with Subir, and ever since then he was dying for an opportunity to fuck the sexy lady for whom he had the hots for a long while.

Viju picked up the phone and dialled Mahesh. 

"Hello my sexy lover, you seem to have forgotten me?" she cooed.

"Viju my love, how can anyone forget a hot and sexy lady like you? " he replied. 

Viju could sense the excitement in his voice as he continued. " I was really thinking of the last time we met and feeling sexy. In fact, I was discussing about it with Subir and both of us got so horny that we almost jumped on the next flight to London " 

Viju burst out laughing at the compliment, and told him that she had a week free during the Christmas break and she was contemplating to take that long overdue trip to India. 

Mahesh was immediately excited about the idea and asked for her travel plans and dates so that he could make all the arrangements for them to spend time together. 

"Darling there are a lot of people out here who are dying to meet you, and I hope that you are looking for more than social visits while you are here" said Mahesh.

"Mahesh my lovely stud you have gotten me completely hooked to the swinging lifestyle and am really looking forward to being a part of the sexy holidays that you guys go for " she replied. 

"Wonderful. So, it's settled. I will make plans for us to get away with a small group to Kerala, I shall check with our friends and keep you updated " replied Mahesh. 

Having got confirmation from her lover, Viju began to feel excited and she quickly went online and booked her tickets to Mangalore Via Mumbai. She mailed Mahesh the details and began fantasizing about the adventure that she would embark upon. 

Chapter 2 :

Mahesh was all excited on getting the details of Viju travel. The first thing he did was to call Subir and share the good news with him. The two of them had discussed on various occasions how it would be to double team the sexy lady. 

Subir was ecstatic on hearing the good news. While he had enjoyed great sessions with Kavita and other ladies in the past, he had a great fascination for Viju, particularly after hearing from Mahesh in great detail about the lady. He could hardly wait to suck on her firm tits and fuck her doggy style. 

Both the men also spoke to their respective wives to check out on their schedules for making the trip in the last week of December. Unfortunately, Kavita was scheduled to travel out of town on a training assignment and Payal had to be with her mother who wasn't keeping too well. 

Having been left in the quandary, the two men decided to meet at their favourite pub in the evening for a beer and plan out the next course of action. 

"So buddy we are in a strange situation, where we have a sexy lady flying down from London to enjoy an orgy and our wives are not available " said Mahesh. 

"Have you checked with the other couples?" asked Subir 

"Yes I have, Paul and Rani are traveling to Dubai, Sam and Amir are having house guests and cannot leave town " replied Mahesh.

"So, what do we do, we could go along with Viju, but she may not enjoy it as much as being in a group " Subir responded. 

Mahesh was thoughtful and then replied, "I have a thought why not get some of our girlfriends to join the party. I could ask Aditi to come along , she is keen to experience a group." 

Subir immediately caught on and said " Hey I could check if Deepa could make it . The only issue is that while she is hot on a one on one encounter, she seemed a bit reluctant to the idea of a foursome when I had broached the topic with her"

Aditi and Deepa were the two ladies with whom the guys were having a side affair going. While they did have an open relationship with the wives due to the swinging lifestyle, both these affairs were unknown to the wives on account of sensitivity. 

Mahesh grinned and said " Buddy you just don't tell her about the orgy. Just bring her along and we shall try and make her change her mind and join us " 

With that exciting thought, they both left for their homes and promised to keep the other updated after speaking to the ladies. 

Next day Mahesh managed to get in touch with Aditi . He had to call her during office hours since theirs was a discreet affair without the knowledge of the spouses.

"Hello my sexy Vixen , are you in a naughty exploratory state?." He asked her 

"Mahesh, you know me well I am always in an excited and sexy mood " she replied laughingly. 

"Sweetheart we may have an opportunity for us to get into a group sex scene end of this month if you can make it" he said. 

Aditi sounded interested and after checking her calendar, said that she can manage a couple of days and leave her son at her mother's place. 

Immediately Mahesh contacted Subir to check out his situation. Subir told him that his conversation with Deepa had gone well and she had agreed to join him by telling her husband that she was going away on a trip to Kerala to visit her relatives whom she hadn't met in a long time. 

Now that they had the confirmation from the ladies, they began looking at various options for the holiday. After a lot of discussion they decided that the best option would be to take a boat cruise in Kerala since it would give them complete privacy to indulge out their wildest fantasies . 

Mahesh called up one of his contacts in Kerala and booked a super luxury house boat with three bedrooms for three nights. He informed Viju regarding the same and also made arrangements for all the internal Flight tickets. Everything was now set for the grand houseboat party. 

Chapter 3



Subir was all excited about the two-night boat trip he and Mahesh had planned, more particularly because he would get to experience the real thing with Viju, whom he had been fantasising all along,

 Ever since Viju's breakup with her husband, both he and Mahesh had often discussed about the prospects of having a go at her. And the fact that Mahesh had already had an encounter with her at Edinburgh, had made him all excited to have her too. Mahesh had written to him in great detail about his Edinburgh experience

Both Mahesh and Subir have been buddies since childhood and had a great relationship. Their friendship had grown over the years and they were always in touch with each other despite their diverse professions.

Subir had joined the Army while Mahesh joined the corporate world. In fact, during their careers they had been posted to the same cities, which only helped them to get into the swinging lifestyles and often exchanged notes about their sexcapades.

Their wives Kavita and Payal also shared their enthusiasm and quite often they ended up having a foursome. Besides, they also had their own individual affairs without Kavita and Payal being aware of it. Subir had quit the Army and had joined a private airline, which ensured that he got to travel a lot.

 Subir had a great relationship going with Deepa, who was the wife of an Army officer. She was about 5' 3" in her socks and had a great figure which was further accentuated with a great pair of knockers which even her 34C bra had great difficulty in restraining.

 Deepa was a fitness freak and a Zumba instructor which ensured that her muscles were always taut with a dancer's gait. She had this lovely twinkle in her eyes and laughter in her voice which only made Subir lust for her, whenever he could get to speak with her on the phone.

 Of course, there were strict restrictions in their clandestine affair. But he would share all this with Mahesh. Subir's description of his fuck sessions with Deepa, made Mahesh determined to have her someday.

When Mahesh mentioned about the boat house trip, Subir thought it would be an excellent opportunity to try and convince Deepa to join up for the trip. Since Deepa was originally from Kerala and had relatives in Aleppey, it would be all the easier for her to convince her husband and plan a trip to Kerala.

He called her up and mentioned about his planned boathouse holiday, she said that she too was planning a trip to visit her folks in Kerala. This was a heaven-sent opportunity and he convinced her to meet him and some of his friends at Aleppey.

Deepa and Subir had met each other during his posting in Bangalore and it was instantaneous explosive chemistry between them. They had many occasions to meet each other during mess parties and other private parties. Deepa with her daring dress sense and dancing skills was always a popular figure at these parties.

 Their first sexual encounter happened in Varanasi, on a cold wintry morning. He had conveniently arranged for a trip there, when she had informed him that both her husband and son would be out of town for two days.

The hotel where he was staying was quite close by and within walking distance to her place in the Cantt. He woke up early morning and took a brisk walk to her place and as he neared her place, she had come out onto the road to receive him. The moment she spotted him, she ran all the way and jumped into his waiting arms.

 It couldn't have been a better reception, considering that they were meeting after a long time. There was nobody on the streets that early in the morning and they held each other like that and kissed passionately.

 Deepa could wait any longer and led the way to her house. No sooner did she closed the door, Deepa jumped into his arms and started grinding her crotch into his loins. By now Subir's cock, which was already dripping with anticipation, was rock hard and he couldn't wait to fuck her.

 He refused the tea which she offered and said that he was interested in something hotter. While he was seated on the sofa, she came and sat on his lap and they both engaged in some passionate kissing. Subir held her in one hand and with his other he was gently squeezing her huge tits.

 He eased her sweater off her and her huge tits popped out in all their glory. She had no bra inside. She got off him and hurriedly slid off her tight jeans and stood stark naked in front of him. She again came and sat on his lap and slowly started to fondle his crotch while he was going mad in deciding which tit to lavish his attention on.

 She made him stand up and slowly started unbuckling his belt and unzipped his trouser, which by now was straining against his rock hard cock. As the trouser fell to the floor she put her hand inside his tight fitting jockey and started fondling his by now dripping cock. 

He couldn't bear the tension in his loins and quickly lowered his jock, and his erect dick sprung out like a trapped beast. His dick was the average 6 inch type, but more than made up in its girth. She moaned in pleasure at the sight of this magnificent monster , which she was seeing for the first time.

 She had only felt him in their earlier meetings in Bangalore while close dancing during parties. She found it difficult to hold his cock which now was throbbing wildly in eager anticipation. She got down on her knees and slowly took him in her mouth, just the head first. She licked the little droplets of dick juice which only made Subir moan with exquisite pleasure.

 She then proceeded to slowly take the entire length of his shaft in her mouth and sucked it deep into her throat. Subir could hardly control himself and made gurgling animal noises. His pleasure was multiplied manifold when she eased her mouth from his cock and slowly started biting her way slowly into his dick till the entire engorged shaft was again in her mouth.

 He didn't want to shoot his first cum load into her mouth which he wanted to empty into her hot pussy. So he gently eased himself out of her mouth and reluctantly asked her to ease off on her oral exercise. He then lifted her in his strong arms and carried her into the bedroom and lay her on the bed.

This was the moment he was waiting for. He eased her into position at the edge of the bed where her legs were on the floor and spread wide apart. Her cunt lips were engorged and flushed with a bright pink colour. He kneeled down and slowly started gliding his tongue along her cunt lips.

 This made Deepa thrash wildly and started moaning gently, "Oh Subir, Subir, Oh God. This is so lovely. Suck me darling. Lick me baby, Ohhhh darling, Subir. I'm cummmmmiing darling and she then had the most satisfying orgasm ever. She kept moaning till she was completely spent and lay back on the bed.

 Now Subir came up and lay down beside Deepa while he continued to gently rub her now engorged clitoris. Though she had an enormous orgasm, Deepa felt it was incomplete. She wanted his cock inside her and pound her till she was flooded with his juices.

 Subir meanwhile kept himself busy licking her nipples in turns, while she massaged his cock. He couldn't wait any longer. He made her bend on all fours on the cot facing the full length mirror. He positioned himself behind her and eased his throbbing dick slowly into her wet cunt. This made her let out a slow moan. He almost ejaculated his load inside her, but held his breath and stopped all movement.

 This eased off the tension a bit for him to recover. Then he slowly started thrusting his rock hard organ into her slick pussy in gentle strokes initially and then slowly increased his thrusting. All the while they both were watching the action in the mirror in front which only served to enhance the pleasure levels.

 The thrusting continued into a frenzy and he shot his load into her in a series of shattering orgasms, while Deepa too reached orgasm for the second time. Subir continued thrusting his still hard cock into her all the while making the animal noises which mingled with the slapping noise of his crotch heaving hard into her rounded buttocks.

 When he was fully spent, Subir eased himself on her back and gently squeezed her tits which were hanging magnificently in all their glory. They slowly disengaged themselves and lay down beside each other on the bed.

Deepa, got off the bed and went to wash herself in the toilet, while Subir watched her with half closed eyes, walking nude across the room and returning back to bed. He marvelled at her trim and firm figure and the fuck of a lifetime that he had just experienced.

 He wanted to make full use of this golden opportunity and make love to her again and again. Deepa too was in a mood and wanted to make the most of this. She made some tea which he sipped, while reclined on the bed. Subir kept himself engaged with her tits while she gently stroked his cock which was showing signs of a rapid recovery and was rock hard in no time.

She had this naughty look on her face with that giggle which only went to enhance Subir's desire to have her once again with even more ferocity. He got up and went to her and hugged her in a tight embrace. Her bare tits crushed against his muscular chest and down below, 'Subbarao', a term both he and his friend Mahesh fondly referred to their cocks, was in full glory and erect as a battering ram.

 She had difficulty in holding his massive girth in her fist, and slowly started to jerk him in a slow back and forth movement. He led her to the bed and lay down on his back with her on top. They kissed passionately for some time and then she rose and sat with her pussy thrust on his face.

Her cunt smelled divine with its own sexuality combined with their juices. He darted his tongue out, with the tip just grazing on her vulva lips and made slow circles all around. This seemed to drive Deepa over the edge and she reciprocated by grinding her by now engorged pussy lips against his mouth.

Subir almost suffocated, but kept up the tongue lashing which by now had slid into the inner recesses of her cunt. His continued this furious licking all the while enjoying the reactions on her face. She then slid lower over his body and positioned herself right on top of his erect cock. She had no difficulty in easing his manhood into his slick quim.

 Once she had him firmly trapped firmly inside, she commenced slow turning movements using his dick as a swivel. Subir let out slow grunts of pleasure, the likes of which he had never experienced. He couldn't control himself any longer. He began pleading with her to fuck him hard and deep. She responded by raising herself and lowering and kept still.

The tension inside him made Subir beg her not to stop. Then, like a caged animal she suddenly started riding him in short and sharp thrusts, with resounding thwacking sounds. Her copious flow of cunt juice started to flow down in thighs in a sticky stream.

Her pounding reached a crescendo and Subir let out a loud groan and shot his load of cum into her pussy. She kept up the pounding as if to demonstrate her total control of the stallion she was riding. She let out a scream of pleasure before she collapsed in a heap on him.

They stayed like this for some time after which they disentangled themselves and lay on the bed holding each other.

They had a short nap after this, still in each other's arms. By now it was about nine in the morning. Deepa, who worked as teacher, said she had to go to school and went to prepare some breakfast, They both were famished after their early morning exertions.

Deepa had casually flung a loose T over her top, through which her erect nipples protruded invitingly. Subir couldn't help reaching out and gently squeezed them. She gave him a sly look and asked, "haven't you had enough for one morning?". He replied, " I can never have enough of you dear". She laughed in her tinkling voice and asked him to stay over till evening.

But unfortunately he too had to complete his work at Varanasi. They both got dressed up and passionately kissed before going out of the house. He helped her open the garage door and she rolled out her scooter. She dropped him off at the hotel and then she drove off to her school.
