 If heaven exist it's a rainy night in Spanish Harlem watching a Cuban wet dream dust flour from a perfect pair of 36 D's.

In a cramped little apartment overflowing with colorful artwork and the exotic smells of the island I sat nursing a hard-on and a bloody Mary while I watched Maria, my girlfriend of a year, move around her tiny kitchen.

Harlem seemed a world away from the socialites of Manhattan with their shy shaved prima donna pussies. After a week filled with the unpredictable highs and lows of the stock exchange and the recent cuts in the job market, I had a bundle of nervous energy that had all pooled in my cock.

Someone with a bigger bank account had recently bought the company that I worked for and everyone was walking around on eggshells wondering if they would be sent packing. 

Our new boss Jed Munnings seemed like an okay guy. The day that he had walked into our office and introduced himself my dick had stood up and said hello! Jed was everything that I loved in my men: tall, bulging biceps, exotic looking with a tight beautiful ass and bold cock that his conservative business suits couldn't hide.

I wanted him like I hadn't wanted a man in a long time and from the burning look in his eyes when he looked at me I knew that the feeling was mutual. My instincts told me that he was mine if I wanted but I would wait for him to make the first move. After all he was my boss.

Over the past two weeks Jed had given me a lot of hints that he was ripe for the picking. There were the not so accidental touches on my butt, the not so innocent brush on the shoulder followed by a mischievous smile.

I knew that my job was in the hole and that it was only a matter of time before I was too.

But right now I had a delicious wet feminine hole winking at me. Maria was a Cuban refugee who was now embracing the freedoms of life and the pursuit of happiness in all its splendid and carnal forms.

She was humming a Spanish love song as she bent down to check her biscuits in the oven. Her butt cheeks opened gently giving me a glimpse of her succulent cunt surrounded by soft brown hair so thick that you had to go hunting to find the little clit ring that she wore.

Her naked body glistened from the heat of the stove. Little droplets of sweat clung to the dark oversized nipples completely enraptured until she wiped them away. Her big breast jiggled softly as she mixes more biscuit batter.

My balls tighten as I watch her put a finger to her lips and lick the sticky concoction with a pointed pink tongue. She looked over at me and smiled, a slow seductive smile that says I know how much you want me baby. I could easily get lost in those burnt almond eyes and I could just as easily drown myself in the musky nectar of her pussy.

But I waited, allowing her to play her little game of seduction. They were a nice change after the raw emotions of a big win or a bitter defeat. Being a stockbroker was a lot like having good sex.

They both grabbed you by the balls and took you on a roller coaster ride that left you wanting more and more. Sex, greed and rock n' roll were my drugs of choice. But even my biggest win paled in comparison to the incredible high of sinking my stiff cock into Maria's hot pussy.

Maria's eyes darkened and she asked in her husky exotic English: "Are you ready for me Danny boy?" 

I pulled my stiff cock out of my pants. "Bring it on little mama," I answered.

She gave me a slow hungry smile. "I have been thinking about you all day baby."

As she talked Maria began walking towards me. "These breast are so hungry for your touch."

Her dark nipples stood hard and erect as she caressed them with her fingers. She closed her eyes and moaned softly and I had a strong urge to tackle her to the floor and fuck her fast and furious.

But we both enjoyed the anticipation, the moments of torture that felt so good. Her hands traveled down to her flat stomach.

"Baby my pussy is screaming for something big and hard."

Her hands slid down to caress her cunt. She squeezed it softly. "Oh baby I need you," she cried out before slipping her hand into her melting hole.

She caressed her clit as she watched me squirm with desire. Smiling wickedly she removed her hand from her pussy and slowly and sensuously licked each one of her fingers clean of her pussy juices.

Her little pink tongue beckoned me and I left the window seat and picked her up in my arms. My tongue went in search of hers. It welcomed me with a taste of sweet pussy essence.

Our tongues fucked each other while we played a game of finger fucking with her breast. Maria loved the taste and feel of her body almost as much as I did. When we broke the kiss her tongue went in search of the velvet hardness of her nipple.

Watching her eat her own flesh, her pointed tongue greedy on her dark coral nipple, my dick began to ooze pre-come.

"That looks go good Daniel," she purred eyeing my cock. She dropped to her knees in front of me and took all eight inches into her mouth. Again I watched that tongue in action, licking my cock from the tip to the base while her fingers caressed my balls.

She looked up at me with her cat like green eyes. "My pussy needs you," she said simply.

I joined her on the floor in a sixty-nine. Maria's pussy was sheer perfection. Her soft brown mat was sticky and matted from her juices. When I opened her oversized pussy lips to reveal the pink pearl standing regally in the center, my mouth began to water. 

I drove in greedily, giving her big wet sloppy kisses before tonguing her unmercifully. I slipped two fingers into her tight little ass as I feasted on her feminine delicacy.

My cock was warm and happy in the deep confines of Maria's mouth. When she inserted two fingers into my butt hole I cried out in joy. Anal fucking was our favorite past time.

From my first butt fuck from my best friend Jared in high school, there was nothing that made me spin out of control like a stiff rod up my ass.

"Are you ready for my girl cock up your boy cunt?" Maria asked me.

"Oh baby you know that I'm always ready for that," I answered.

Maria went to her bedroom and returned wearing the leather harness with the eight-inch dildo and carrying a tube of K-Y jelly.

I got down on all fours, my ass in the air, ready to become her love slave. I moaned deep down inside my throat when I felt her lubed fingers slip into my ass hole. She squirted more lube and kept adding fingers until she was four fingers, knuckle deep, doing magical things that had me moaning like a caged tiger.

I began begging her to let me have it; to ride me like a thoroughbred with a pack of wild dogs was chasing her. She opened her fingers scissors style and placed the head of her cock between them.

I closed my eyes as her love shaft slipped into my canal. We soon developed a frantic rhythm. My beautiful woman was transformed into a butt-crazed goddess and as she barreled into me I grabbed my neglected cock and began soothing it.

It danced in my hand, it sang songs to the goddess of love and when I came it spewed out a torrent of molten release that left me weak but completely satisfied.

Maria slipped off my back and lay down on the floor with her legs open wide; the dick pulled up onto her stomach. I knew exactly what she wanted. Her pussy was warm and sopping wet. Taking one of her freshly baked rolls I tore it open then dipped one half in the sweet gravy between her legs.

She closed her eyes and moaned softly as the bread rubbed up against her engorged clit. I popped the piece of bread in my mouth and chewed slowly, savoring the heady mixture of pussy juice and cinnamon.

"Feed me," she pleaded.

I dipped the other piece of bread in my come then marinated it with her slippery essence. Then I fed her like the queen that she was.

"It's time for dessert," I said before burying myself in her soft mound. I ate like it was the Last Supper, burrowing my face deep inside her while she coached me on in Spanish. When she came she screamed loudly and begged me for more.

I lubed my hand with the K-Y then began inserting finger into her tight pussy, stretching her wider with each insertion. I tucked my thumb into my palm and began working my hand in and out of her dripping cunt.

She began to push against my hand drawing me in deeper until I was up to my wrist in lush pussy. The feel of her pussy walls embracing my hand was beyond spiritual. Her eyes rolled back into her head and her body shook like a thousand bolts of lightening had consumed her from the inside.

"Oh God, Oh God," she screamed over and over again. I removed my hand from her pussy and tried to shove my entire fist into my mouth. The smell of her consumed me.

She looked up at me and smiled.

"I wish that we could stay like this forever," she whispered.

"Me too," I replied.

As the days grew colder warning us that winter was on her way, I began seeing more of Maria. She was like an addiction that I never wanted to overcome. My feeling for her ran deep because she accepted me for who I was. In her eyes there was no condemnation. She had opened her heart to me just as easily as she had opened her legs.

A few days later I was at work Jed popped into my office. 

"Hey Danny I'm having a little office get together tonight at my place. Do you have any plans?"

"Nothing special," I answered. His eyes lit up with pleasure.

"Great then can I expect you at eight?" I nodded.

"Bring a date or better yet come alone and I could keep you company." His beautiful brown eyes turned hungry.

As much as I wanted to have that tight little ass all to myself I knew that I would have a much better time if I add a little Cuban pussy into the mix.

I loved watching Maria's face as she watch me get it on with another guy. The sight of two men sucking on each other's dicks always turned her into a burning mass of desire.

When we walked into Jed's luxury town house all eyes including Jed's zeroed in on Maria. The little black dress that she had been poured into clung to every curve for dear life. The dress barely covered her hips and her breast were playing peek-a-boo with the flimsy top.

When I introduced her to Jed he held her hand a little longer than was necessary and I could feel the sexual tension already radiating from Maria's wet pussy.

This is going to be one fucking hot night! I told myself.

I tried to talk shop with my co-workers but I couldn't help wishing that they would all disappear so that we could get down to business. When they began trickling out my cock jumped for joy. 

The anticipation built until we were down to the last two working stiffs who didn't have anything better to go home to. 

"God I thought that they would never leave," Jed said after he closed the door behind them. Maria and I were already going at it. We were engaged in a tongue war while she sat on my lap, teasing my cock into a full hard on.

"I feel like a kid in a candy store don't know what delicious treat I should sample first," Jed said quickly removing his clothes.

"How 'bout some Cuban toffee?" I asked offering him Maria's sweet lips. He came up behind her and she leaned into him and arched her head for his tongue-lashing. I pulled Maria's top down exposing her beautiful breast. I sucked on them happily.

"Let me have a taste of that," Jed said. I released one breast to him and we worshipped Maria's twin peaks with our tongues, teeth and hands. Eventually our faces met in the middle of her chest and our mouths connected in a searing kiss so jarring I felt pre-come soaking my boxer shorts.

There is nothing in the world like the feeling of another man's stubble against your tongue. His mouth was wet and warm with new crevices to explore and flavors to experience. I could've gone on kissing him forever but Maria had pulled my pants off releasing my cock from its constricting confines. She slipped between us to give me the blowjob of a lifetime.

Jed knelt down next to her and together they feasted on my manly meat. I looked down at those two beautiful people indulging on me like what I had between my legs was the rarest caviar.

"How "bout some sauce for those Italian meatballs?" Jed asked Maria.

"Sounds yummy but don't forget this gigantic noodle right here." She squeezed my cock playfully.

If you do not share my obsession with sex with food then there is no way to adequately explain the sensations of the remnants of our pasta dinner being spread over my swollen nuts.

I had evolved into exquisite grub; I was filling the most basic and essential hungers known to man. I closed my eyes in ecstasy as they licked Jed's grandmother's famous sauce from my body.

Soon a voice that I didn't even recognize as my own began moaning like a wild beast begging for it's most primal urges to be satisfied. 

This was life in its purest form. The basic instinct of the human animal, to please the stomach, soul and genitals. To transport ourselves from the mundane rituals of the every day grind into a timeless, limitless place where every nerve in your body sings an erotic melody to your gorgeous cock.

My come spewed from my body. Some of it settled around my balls and thighs making the sauce look like it had globs of cheese on it. Jed began eating this new concoction while Maria slipped between his legs and took his cock into her mouth.

Pretty soon I was hard again. "I want to fuck you man," I told Jed.

Jed stood up, his dick slipping reluctantly out of Maria's mouth. She moaned in protest.

"Man this little Senorita is dick hungry." He laughed. "Well honey grab on to that chair and stick that tight ass of yours in the air cause I'm gonna give you more dick than you can handle!"

"I'd life to see you try," she challenged eagerly scrambling to her feet and bending over the chair I had just vacated.

Jed got a jar of lube out of a drawer and quickly lubed his cock and Maria's puckered little hole.

"Give it to me baby!" she cried out and with one smooth thrust Jed's cock was buried to the hilt. Maria let out a sharp cry and began backing into him like a sex fiend.

I watched them for a while. Jed's blue veined cock sliding in and out of that tight ass I had enjoyed so many times. Jed's ass was calling to me and I moved behind them and opened his ass cheeks. He was as beautiful as the rarest flower all puckered up and pink and hairy. This was my kind of ass.

That ass swallowed my two lubed fingers greedily then begged for more. I slowly inserted my cock into his hole. 

"Oh God I want it all!" Jed shouted.

I shoved the rest of my eight inches in. I loved the feel of his ass muscles gripping my dick. The three of us began moving in perfect tandem, our bodies slick with sweat, fusing together to become one giant fuck.

Our erotic dance seemed to last forever, always increasing in tempo like some wild African dance ritual. There were periods where we were too intoxicated to make a sound and other times when our shouts almost blew the roof off.

I could feel my balls tightening as I pumped into Jed like a mad man. With a loud moan I pulled my cock out and sprayed my come all over Jed's well used ass. My outburst set of a chain reaction that left us all covered in come and exhausted.

I slid to the floor on weakened knees. Jed fell on top of me, our soft dicks squished between us. By the look in Jed's eyes I knew that they wouldn't stay that way for long. Maria lay down beside us and looked us over with appreciative eyes.

"We make a pretty good team don't we?" Jed asked me.

"This is the best job in the world," I said, "I'm looking forward to a long and very wicked partnership."