 The dream moved on, it sought, hunted the right mind a receptive mind and found it. The mind opened the dream entered.

He woke; it was the feeling of warmth and comforts that old unfamiliar but half remembered feeling. He looked at the room around him, it was dome shaped lined with mirrors wall and ceiling seeing his reflection in the mirrors on the ceiling he stared at himself dressed in a silk suit laying on a mound of soft furs. He tried to move but was unable to. Nothing visible restrained him but no matter what he tried he could do no more than move his head to see around the room. A door opened and they entered ten of them and they spaced themselves around the room with the precision of guards on parade.

Without a sound a couch and table rose up from the floor beside each of the ten. He stared around him, at them speechless for surrounding him were ten most beautiful women, at first glance he thought them to be reflections of one but as he looked he began to notice the minor differences that separated them. To describe them was easy all were of average height full of figure and long legged. Their long hair drawn back in a pony tail. Each was dressed the same, a short black leather mini skirt cut so short as to almost reveal the stocking tops of each long leg. They each wore a silk blouse that could only be said to hug and caress each woman’s full-busted chest. He knew without knowing why or how the name of each of these most beautiful of women. 

As he stared avidly around the room two of the women Andrea and Barbara moved side by side to where he lay. As one they began to strip him treating with careless disregard the highest quality garment he had ever worn in his life. Tearing the suit from his body as if it were a mere rag and discarding the torn piece as if they had never been more than parts of an old dish cloth. When he was naked they returned to their places.

Once the shock of the stripping had worn off he once again began to look around the room. As if his attention acted as a signal all of the ten moved in unison each woman undoing and removing the silk blouse that had concealed a pair of breasts supported by a half cup brassiere that was but a whisper of the sheerest white lace. Discarding their blouses with as little care as they had shown for his suit they undid the front catch on their muzzle loading bras and threw them to the corners of the room. He gazed speechless as they each caressed their heavy breasts teasing their nipples with fingers tipped with long red nails into strawberry sized buds. Having done this the girls moved their hands around to the catch on their skirts. Before his startled eyes they stood there naked but for stockings and suspenders.

As his eyes drank it all in noticed that each girl was wearing a pair of red high heels of an amazing height. My god he thought not one of them wearing panties and all of them shaved to one small triangle of pubic hair.

Stripped all save two lay down on the couch to her side and reclined to watch as Cassandra and Donna slowly approached the silence which till now had been almost complete was replaced by gentle classical music. The two knelt by him and from beyond his sight produced soft sponges and began to wash him all over with lightly scented water, each one commencing at his feet and slowly but steadily working up each of his legs. As it seemed as if they must soon begin on his genitals, he began to feel aroused but the two then switched to his arms and chest. Then began working slowly toward his torso, soon again when it seemed as if they must contact his most pleasurable of places they gently rolled him over on to his stomach and once again started to clean upward from his ankles. Once they completed his back they again carefully rolled him back and then, and only then did they gently wash his penis and testicles. Having finished the two moved back to their couches to observe further events.

Two more arose from their couches and proceeded toward him, he knew them to be Eleanor and Faren. Each knelt by him and began a massage of incredible ability he felt at first touch the knots and stresses begin to fade and as they ebbed he began to feel peace and contentment. As with the previous two he felt his penis thicken but unlike the others they did nothing to stop this event mearly did not touch or stimulate his manhood further in any way. Having finished the massage the two returned to their couches to watch.

The one he knew to be Gabriella rose and came towards him he did not know what to expect and was totally surprised when she knelt over his face and pushed herself down on him in such away that he was forced to commence sucking at her or suffocate. At first he resented this forced intrusion but as her juices flowed and he tasted, he knew the greatest nectar of them all. He felt vigour pulsing through him as he moved his tongue against her clit. Moving his tongue with ever increasing vigour he began to nibble gently with his teeth eliciting small moans from deep in the back of her throat, her juices began to flow like a great flood and he drank them eagerly. At last she came in a great gush and a cry of total passion.She rolled from him and walked back to her couch, he noticed with some pride she did not return as steadily as she had arrived.

As he waited for he knew not what he gazed around the room and with increasing excitement noticed that each of the ten were delicately masturbating to the gentle rhythm of the music. He watched in amazement as their fingers deftly manipulated their clits working and stroking themselves to a glistening wetness their long nailed fingers darting in and out of their wet pussies.

Two more arose from their couches Heather and Isobel and as their two tongues touched his swollen penis he felt sure he must explode but these two were experts at this most delectable of arts and never did they permit him to slip over the edge. Each taking a turn at sucking his massive length into her mouth whilst the other softly sucked his testicles. Having bought him to the brink times beyond his count the two rose and returned to their places.

As the last Jade arose from her couch he knew this was to be the conclusion. She spread herself across him and gently, slowly lowered herself onto his throbbing length. He felt larger and thicker than at time in his life. As her moist tunnel completely enclosed his length, he felt the release of whatever had been restraining him, he rolled her on to her back and drove himself deeper into her body, she cried out as he thrust into her flesh. He looked down at her flushed face and tightly closed eyes and immediately knew that to come would be his death. He hesitated, his life dull and grey flashed, he looked at the perfect form writhering beneath him and once more began to plunge into her body he felt his explosion begin to come suddenly he felt it like molten metal bursting forth as they both cried out from passion.

The dull grey dawn awoke over the sleeping city revealing two men talking in front of the building "That's the fourteenth in two years always the same a cry and a body smiling in ecstasy make me wonder what goes on".

The dream moved on always seeking a mind starved of life, to admit passion if only briefly.

THE END?