 This is a true story, and I wrote it for a woman who wanted to share her wild experiences.

Shell and I returned to the High Chap the next night and met up with the hunters, but only five of the nine were there that night. I was happy to see them, especially Kevin and Mike, who were cousins. I really had a thing for Kevin and we had connected rather well, but I also liked Mike too, so it was really great to be in the company of two sexy, good-looking guys.

I was showing lots of leg in a denim mini-skirt and a tight short-sleeved sweater. Shell was wearing tight jeans and a t-shirt, again. I rode with Kevin and Mike in their big Dodge Ram truck; Shell rode with the others. After the previous night's antics, we weren't welcome at the High Chap so we took a road trip to a bar in another town, Bill's. 

My guys were really aggressive and ready for action. Kevin was driving and told me that he wanted me to suck his cock on the way. I happily obliged, and made him cum rather quickly. As I leaned over to Kevin's lap, Mike slid his hand up my skirt. He fingered my clit and pussy, and soon I had my first orgasm of the weekend. It was pretty mild and I was ready for more!

We got to Bill's and soon were drinking. They were buying me my favorite shots, vodka, straight up. Kevin and I went out on the dance floor and soon became the center of attention with some nasty dancing. Our hands were all over each other, and we kissed and ground our hips together. His hands drifted up my skirt, giving everyone a show.

We were kind of in our own little world and focused on each other. 

Shell was having fun, too. She took one of her guys, Nick, outside and returned 30 minutes later looking quite satisfied. According to Nick, she was willing to please any of them that night.

"So what about you?" Mike asked. "Would you fuck any of us tonight too?

I could only smile. “Just wait and see!” 

It was about midnight when we decided to return to the camp. On the drive back, I gave Mike a blow job- I couldn’t help myself and needed some more cock. I was feeling so sexy and loved feeling his hard cock in my mouth, as he grabbed my head and forced his cock down my throat. He came quicker than Kevin, who was very quiet and just kept his eyes on the road. Though he seemed was very comfortable sharing me with his cousin, I think Kevin got a little jealous about Mike’s blowjob on the way back.

We got to the camp, and Kevin took my hand and told me we needed some time alone. He took me down to the river and we sat down. At first we made small talk, telling each other about our families, work and such. But soon, the conversation turned to how hot I made him. He loved playing with my big 40 DD tits and how he could just get lost in them. He then told me that he loved me sucking his cock and that no one had ever taken so much of it in. and that he wanted to return the favor. I was more than willing.

We started making out and things got hot quickly. I wanted him so bad, and I know he felt the same way and ripped each other’s clothes off, flinging them in the bushes. As soon as he was naked, I was in awe. It’s something I will never forget. He was gorgeous and sculpted, like Michelangelo’s “David” sculpture. He had very little chest hair, great pecs and six-pack abs. I loved how his muscles rippled when he moved down to me. 

He had me lie back and started trailing kisses mixed with small bites down my body. Already charged up, I was shaking in anticipation. As soon as his tongue hit my clit I started cumming. He was relentless, licking and biting my clit and soon he had two fingers deep in my wet pussy. 

I had never had such an intense orgasm and begged him to stop. I just couldn’t take any more! Waves of pleasure continually crashed over my body. He stopped long enough to position himself over me. With one thrust, he had his cock buried in me. Again, I climaxed harder than before. 

He was rough, pinching my nipples, biting my neck and shoulders. He slammed his cock into me, grunting and moaning, but he pulled out and shot his load all over me, spraying my breasts and face. I smeared my fingers in it and brought them to my mouth. I had to taste him again. 

I then heard someone say, "That was quite a show." I turned to see one of the guys who didn't participate in the previous nights activities, and must have heard all the noise. They called him Lizard and I soon found out why. 

I was pretty shocked when Lizard showed himself. I found it erotic knowing he was watching us, though. He started walking towards us and unzipped his pants. I was shocked; he had to be 10 or 11 inches. Not as thick as Kevin though.

He said, "I'm sick of just watching. How about a blow job?" I was glad he asked and was willing to take on the challenge

He stood in front of me while I was on my knees. He slowly fed me his cock. I wasn't able to take much of him, because he'd hit a certain spot in my throat and all I could do was gag. I wanted to get him off though, so I took as much as I could, jacking him off furiously with my hand and hummed to vibrate his cock in my mouth. He came really quickly, after only three or four minutes. His cum was really thick, and it came out in gobs and slid down my throat. I wanted to taste him, but I was disappointed—his cum was so sour!

He thanked me and zipped up his pants, turned and left. By then Kevin had gotten dressed. It was time to head back to the others. I hurried and got dressed, but not fully. Somewhere I had managed to lose my panties. 

When we got to the camp, it was quite a scene like something out of a porno movie. There was Shell with a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy. The rest of the guys were cheering her on, yelling, "fuck her harder" and "suck that cock." I was jealous of all the action and wanted to get in on some of it, wanting the guys to fill both my pussy and mouth.

So I walked up to Mike, who already had his cock out and was stroking it. So I bent over in front of him to show him I was more than willing and ready. He turned me around told me to grab on to the log he was sitting on. 

I did as I was told and offered myself to him and soon his cock was buried in my snatch. It felt wonderful. I could hear Shell and her guys in the background and their sounds were turning me on so much and I really needed to cum again.

I reached underneath me and started playing with my clit, pinching it between two fingers and rolling it. This sent mike over the edge and I climaxed quickly. Mike pulled out and shot his load all over my ass. 

But before I could stand up, there was another cock in my pussy. I turned to see who it was and it was Jeff. “Man I gotta have a piece of you too!” he said with a wicked grin. 

He took me so hard and rough, but it was wonderful, slamming his cock into me, pinching and twisting my nipples. I wanted more and begged to have a cock in my mouth. The guys just laughed, and no cock was offered. But I secretly loved the humiliation and teasing, being forced to beg. 

Jeff continued to pound me and I was soon taken over the edge. I climaxed two more times before Jeff finally came, pulling out just as Mike had done and shooting his load on my ass. 

Next Kevin wiped up some of their cum and fed it to me on his fingers. I eagerly sucked them into my mouth and cleaned them off, begging for more. Kevin finally filled my mouth with his magnificent cock. I sucked it like there was no tomorrow and could taste my juices on him still.

Kevin asked if I wanted him again. I looked him in the eyes and nodded my head. He took his cock out of my mouth and walked behind me. He only put a little of his cock in. I was pleading for more and pushing back against him. Finally he filled me, but only for a short time. I soon felt the head of his cock against my virgin ass.

I was so turned on and relaxed and my ass opened to take his cock- it was always something I had wanted to do, and here was my big chance. It burned a bit at first, but I was so wet and his cock was moistened from my mouth, that he had no problem slipping in. I loved to feeling of his cock throbbing in my ass and how full I felt.

“Unngggh… You are soooo tight,” Kevin moaned. “I can’t take much more….” 

I gritted my teeth and moaned too as he quickened his pace, his balls slapping my ass. The sensations were so good and raw; I felt myself cumming again which caused my ass to grip Kevin’s cock and release it quickly. That did it for him- he came hard almost growling with pleasure. My moans mixed with his as I came in waves and waves, finally collapsing on the ground. 

It had been quite a show for the rest of the guys and Shel, who had quit their antics to watch Kevin and I. They applauded and hollered and were amazed at how I reacted to the ass fucking. But soon we grew tired and head back to the trailers for some sleep, but Kevin and I made love one more time in the morning before they left. 

Meeting the duck hunters was one of the wildest experiences in my life. Now every fall when the weather turns cold, and see the those out-of-state license plates on trucks at the High Chap, I can only smile and remember the great time I had with Kevin and the guys.