 It is important to read the first chapter to follow the flow of this story. There will be more episodes of Debbie’s stay in New York if reader response if favorable. I want to thank everyone for their reinforcing comments and encouragement to continue this story.

Walt returned to New York the following Monday and went straight to his office. When he arrived home at the apartment he told me that he was pleased that I was still there. He suggested a light dinner so we went to one of the local Irish pubs for beer and sandwiches. Once we returned to the apartment we went straight to bed and Walt gave my pussy a good licking and fucking,

When I woke up in the morning I was lying on my stomach and Walt was lubricating my asshole with his fingers. When he realized I was awake he lifted my hips up so that my ass was even with cock and plunged his cock into my asshole. I was a little snug since it had been 3 days since my last ass fucking. Walt told me that he didn’t want me to forget about how good it was to have his cock in my ass. He came in my ass and immediately withdrew his cock and headed for the shower. I masturbated with the dildo while he showered.

As he was getting dressed for work he told me that we would be dining late this evening and we would be going to a very special French restaurant. He told me to wear my black cocktail dress with the spaghetti straps tonight.

Walt arrived home and we got dressed like two normal people without any sex prior to our going out. The French restaurant was magnificent in every aspect. We were seated toward the back of the restaurant. I sat in a leather bench seat and Walt sat in a chair across form me. The food was exquisite and the wine was superb. I felt more lightheaded then normal but very relaxed.

As the night went on, I realized that we were the only patrons still in the restaurant. The waiters were fussing over me and continually serving me more wine. Walt was speaking French with all of the staff as they scurried about our table. Two of the waiters sat down on either side of me and began to caress my bare arms and shoulders. Then they began to kiss my neck and face. When I protested one of them held the wine glass to my lips. Each time I protested their advances I was fed more wine.

All of a sudden I realized that the top of my dress was in my lap and the two waiters were fondling and kissing my tits. They were saying Mademoiselle has beautiful breasts as they continued to turn me on. I became aware that the table was moved away from me when I felt hands under my skirt pulling my panties down my legs. A third waiter had knelt between my legs, removed my panties and began to lick my pussy. I now had three mouths on me, two on my tits and one on my pussy. I was totally turned on.

I heard the owner tell Walt that they were ready and I was led into another room that was very well lit. Time for dessert I was told as all of my clothes were removed. I found myself surrounded by five Frenchmen one was kissing my lips, two were kissing my tits, another was eating my pussy and the last one had his tongue in my asshole. They kept complimenting me; Mademoiselle has beautiful tits, Mademoiselle has a tasty pussy and Mademoiselle has a luscious ass.

I was guided to the floor and I mounted the cock of a waiter on his back. Another cock was placed in my mouth and a third pushed into my asshole. I was triple penetrated and it would go on for hours. Each time one of men came in one of my holes that hole was immediately filled with another hard cock. I was to learn later that each of the five men came in each of my holes, which meant that I had a total of fifteen loads of come, five in each my mouth, my pussy and my ass.

I don’t remember going back to the apartment but I woke up in bed laying on my side with Walt’s impressive cock buried in my asshole. He was watching TV as he fucked me in the ass. As my eyes focused I realized that he was watching a porn movie. However upon closer scrutiny I realized that it was I in the movie with the five French waiters. They had video taped the fuck session and Walt was watching it. I was amazed at how I handled those five cocks and I looked insatiable on the screen. The waiters were very well endowed and it looked as if I continuously had over 2 feet of cock in me at all times.

Walt was extremely turned on by my performance and fucked my ass with abandon. He told me how good I looked taking all that cock in my pussy, mouth and ass. I could feel his hard cock expand in my ass as he neared his climax. I felt him shoot an excessive amount of cum into my ass and he continued to fuck me. I was surprised when he didn’t go soft and fucked me in the ass until he came again. We both fell asleep with his cock in my ass.

I dreamt that night that I would have cocks in my mouth, pussy and ass for the rest of my life. I awoke in the middle of the night wondering what else was in store for me in the coming weeks and then fell back asleep.

When I woke up later that morning, Walt had already left for work. I went down to the health club and used the sauna, steam and Jacuzzi to relax my aching body. Later that day Walt called me to see how I was doing and told me that we would dine in this evening and take a rest.

After dinner we sat around and watched the video of me and the Frenchmen before going to bed. The video had us both turned on and Walt fucked me in my pussy bringing me to multiple orgasms as usual. Then he fucked me in the ass and then came in my mouth allowing me to taste all the juices.

Walt announced that tomorrow night he would be taking me to his favorite Japanese restaurant. I giggled and told him that I couldn’t imagine Japanese men with cocks like the Frenchmen. He laughed and told me that I wouldn’t be seeing any cock at this restaurant. In fact the only cock I would sample tomorrow would be his. We both then went to sleep.