 Shortly after my 33rd birthday, I had begun working for a kitchen design company. The position required that I organise and oversee the installation of the customer's kitchen of choice in their freshly built home. I was the person who was responsible for onsite inspections of the finished product and if I found any defects in the installation, the workmanship or the products then I acted on behalf of my client to ensure they got what they paid for. For the last few months, I had begun working more and more with a company called Hardwood Kitchens who specialised in high-grade natural finishes with a sleek modern look. They were a good company but I was aware that they would still try to slip one past me or cut corners where they could. When I caught something, I would meet with their installation manager on site to show them. Sometimes it required meeting with the actual tradesman too.

Their usual representative at onsite meetings was a confident and quite attractive girl called Alex. I had guessed she was in her late 20's. She was not much taller than me - perhaps 5'4, and had a slim figure. I had admired her generous breasts and firm butt on more than a few occasions. Blonde hair with dark roots fell to just below her shoulder blades, framing high cheek bones and large hazel eyes. A healthy looking year round tan was offset by a set of expensive looking pearly white teeth. Her ever changing fingernails amused me, as did the dirty sense of humour we both shared. I would smile whenever she bit her bottom lip - an indicator she was nervous. I was a little jealous of her long thin legs that would often have a fashionable heel jiggling on the end of them. I had been caught more than once staring hypnotized by the habit, but she had just smiled and kept talking. I will admit that I had entertained some lustful thoughts concerning her. I had been fucked by some hot girls when I was younger, and though I kept that private I wasn't ashamed of my girl on girl history. 

Occasionally I would catch myself looking at Alex's full lips and imagine how soft they would feel against mine if we kissed. Daydreaming what it would be like to have her mouth locked onto my dripping pussy as her tongue darted in and out of me. The thought made me shudder. I always enjoyed it when she talked about her sex life. Hearing how she had been fucked silly on the weekend always sent me away with butterflies in my stomach. Visions of what her face would look like as she was getting fucked with a nice hard cock would dance through my head for hours afterwards. Alex was obviously a sexual person but had never mentioned anything to indicate she was bisexual. Only a few inappropriate flirty jokes and a lingering hug or two had ever made me question the possibility. But out of fear of rejection, I reasoned that I was looking for something that wasn't really there. I couldn't summon the nerve to initiate anything with her, but a girl can dream, right?

There had been numerous problems with one recent installation and I had decided that an onsite inspection was warranted. I was to meet Alex and one of the tradesmen there at 10 am. As I was unfamiliar with the area I called her as I drove to say I may be running late. 

"Hey it's me; as usual I'm running late," I said cheerfully into the phone as I kept an eye peeled for my exit. "Wouldn't be me if I turned up somewhere on time would it?"

"There's no rush, my day is pretty wide open and I'm just going over something that has caught my attention with Billy." Alex replied. 

Billy was one of the new installers Alex's company had recently hired but I had yet to meet him. 

"Oh really, what's gone wrong now?" I asked concerned. 

"It's nothing that I can't handle, but you know how I like to go over every inch of a project and make sure it's rock solid"

"That's good! You had me worried it was something big. I'll see you in about 20mins" I said happily before hanging up and returning my concentration to the road.

The property was located in a new canal estate development and the homes nearby were in varied states of construction. This particular home was one of the more sizeable builds on a larger block and was at the end of a cul-de-sac. The design was a little ostentatious for my taste but it was on the waterfront and would reek of privacy and wealth when it was finished. It was yet to have any homes erected adjacent to it and as I arrived the estate appeared deserted. There was only Alex's company car by the kerb and an installer's pickup truck parked in the driveway which I presumed to be Billy's. 

As I walked up the front pathway I noticed the front door was slightly ajar. I assumed they were inside and let myself in. The brand new door swung quietly open as I stopped to take off my shoes. I removed my sunglasses and placed them in my handbag which I left in the foyer. The home smelled like a new build from the fresh paint and carpet. My bare feet padded silently across the tiled floor into the lounge area where I found the owners had even begun furnishing it. Amongst piles of boxes that had contained appliances, there was a white marble coffee table and a very large leather lounge suite partially covered in a drop cloth. I spun my head to the left as I began to form the words that would announce my arrival to Alex. My lips slightly opened but the words never ended up leaving my mouth. My eyes locked to the sight of Alex's mouth stretched wide open by what I presumed was Billy's simply jaw dropping erection. Her lips formed a perfect seal around the thick shaft while her small hand held the base. She was moving her mouth up and down his slick cock slowly, her cheeks indented from the pressure of her suction. Her eyes were closed as she kept a steady, devoted rhythm. The bulbous helmet occasionally washed over by her full lips, before being returned deep into the back of her throat. 

My eyes trailed down her feminine body. She was wearing a white sleeveless top that stopped a few inches above her waist and showed off her full breasts to perfection. Her black skirt was riding up her thighs and I noticed her other hand was buried in her crotch. Her long, tan legs were folded under her as she knelt in front of him. Her smooth, manicured feet nestled together like a frame for her masturbation. I was simply stunned. I felt conflicted whether to alert them to my presence or indulge my awakening arousal. As I stood there like a stone my eyes began to register the other parts of Billy that weren't his big dick. He was 30ish and tall, over 6ft I guessed. Under a short sleeved khaki work shirt, he had a broad chest and muscular arms. They were raised, and his hands were interlocked behind his head. His brown hair was a few inches long but scruffy. His face was tan from the sun and covered in short beard stubble which matched what was surrounding the tree trunk that protruded from his blue jeans. His eyes were closed and his head was tilted back at a gentle angle. Occasional moans escaped his throat when Alex's mouth did particularly well. 

I suddenly realised that my pussy was getting wet. After a second's hesitation, I found my hand sliding down the front of my long black pants. My fingertips found the hem of my underwear and deftly manoeuvred under it. My hand was now trapped between the soft cotton of my briefs and my smooth skin as I hunted for my clit. My middle finger drove downwards with relentless intent before finding it suddenly. It felt so good to play with myself as I watched them undetected. I began to rub it in slow circles as my body relaxed against the wall behind me. At that second Billy's eyes snapped open and locked with mine. In hindsight I was proud of myself for not stopping, I just kept rubbing my clit and looked deep into his eyes which were now wide open and filled with panic. As we stood there for a few moments he began to relax and a broad smile crept across his face. Then I saw him relax completely, lower his big hands to Alex's head and shield her side vision so she couldn't see me. I smirked and like a ninja moved to the couch, lowered my pants and underwear and sat down where I proceeded to jam two fingers up my dripping cunt while I watched them.

Billy's eyes looked like dinner plates as I alternated between fingering my soaked pussy and spreading my juices liberally over my outer lips and clit. My clit was aching and dare I say throbbing from watching him impale her face with that long, fat cock. I could tell her jaw was starting to ache from its considerable girth which stretched her mouth wide. She was unrelenting in her devotion to it though - just like any good cocksucker should be. He grinned at me as he bent over at the waist and pulled up her skirt from behind, exposing a nice tan bottom. He rubbed his hand over it slowly before twisting her thin white G-string around his fingers. He pulled her panties up sharply between her ass cheeks while simultaneously pushing his cock into the side of her mouth distending her cheek. The move caused Alex to moan heavily. Her eyes fluttered open only to fall upon me, legs spread, knuckle deep in self-pleasure. Again I didn't falter and continued to fuck myself vigorously while I watched the shock register in her eyes. I could actually see her mind coming to terms with the fact that I had been watching her smoke this guy's cock - and masturbating to it! If she had any objections they couldn't be heard due to the slab of meat filling her mouth, and Billy didn't seem like he was interested in removing it. 

Her eyes glazed over as his long shaft sawed in and out of her mouth. They finally began to roll back in her head when I watched him penetrate her pussy from behind with his middle finger and begin to roughly pump it in and out. He flicked it up and down without remorse and I could hear the liquid mess he was creating inside her. I watched her legs collapse as she involuntarily pushed back to give his cruel digit better access. Her moans were muffled by his cock but I could easily tell she came hard when her body resigned to defeat and slumped loosely on the hard floor. As he pulled his cock from her mouth a long strand of spit created a bridge between the two and it sent me over the edge. My fingers flew over my clit furiously and I closed my eyes, thrashing my hips to encourage my orgasm while they watched. White light flashed behind my clenched eyelids as my climax snapped savagely through me, my mouth agape as I let out a shriek of relief. After letting it wash over me I tentatively opened my eyes again. 

Alex and Billy had moved to an arm's length in front of me. Billy stood next to Alex who was biting her bottom lip. She ran a finger up and down the length of his turgid cock that was glistening with saliva. Our heavy breathing punctuated the overbearing silence of the deserted home and gave the moment an eerie raunchiness. Alex's eyes were boring into mine as I noticed I had unconsciously started playing with myself again. She grinned playfully when I slowly extended my left leg and ran my bare foot slowly up the inside of her youthful thigh. Both of them lowered their heads to watch my cautious engagement. Alex's mouth opened slightly and she trembled as my foot moved ever closer to her crotch. Billy's attention returned to me and I could see his angry, twitching hard-on from the corner of my eye.

"Come forward, onto the edge of the couch," He said slowly but confidently to me. 

How could I say no? He smirked at me. The look on his face saying that we all knew there was going to be no objections.

As I scooted my bum forward on the smooth leather couch, my pants were removed completely by Alex as Billy slid his jeans down and removed them, tossing them aside. I watched as he unbuttoned his shirt exposing his smooth chest and flat stomach before it too was cast to the floor. He then reached forward and placed his hand under my chin, tilting my head upwards towards him. He studied my face for a moment before leaning down and kissing me softly. It was unexpected, but nice. His lips were soft and in contrast to the rough stubble that stung my face when he began to kiss me more vigorously. My lips were parted by his strong tongue as it forced its way into me, taking whatever direction it chose. My own battled against it in a struggle of power, two slippery probes attacking and then defending their territory. He was a good kisser, alternating between dominating me and then turning on a dime to tease and caress me with subtlety. Spreading my mouth open with his only to then pull my lip softly into his mouth as if he loved me. 

I became lost in the moment until I felt my legs being spread by Alex's soft hands. They moved smoothly up my thighs and forced them wide apart as Billy grasped the hair on the rear of my head. He held me to his mouth as I felt Alex slowly run her tongue from the base of my clean shaven pussy up to my clit. I couldn't hold on anymore and moaned hard as my juices began to flow. Billy stood up and moved around to the side of the sofa as I looked down to see my fantasies come true. Alex's thin manicured hands held each of my thighs firmly; they felt cool and soft but with a determined strength behind them. Her pretty face looked up at me with doe eyes as she slowly trailed her tongue up and down my outer lips. A gasp of anticipation would involuntarily leave me each time I watched it edge closer to my clitoris only to be granted the briefest of touches. I started to push my pelvis forward with its approach hoping to force contact but she was too quick and denied my pleasure each time. Her mouth looked so wicked, wide open and teasing, just mere centimetres from my sex. A sparkle of evil delight flashed through her eyes as she withdrew her tongue completely for a moment before driving it forcefully into my hole. I bucked as I felt it thrash wildly in my pussy, delving far deeper than I had expected. Her mouth aggressively pushing my lips far apart as the determined muscle probed and explored me.

As I became used to the feeling of Alex tongue fucking me as deeply as she could, Billy's hand grasped the top of my head and turned it to face him and his massive hard on. It looked intimidating this close and my eyes ran over it soaking in its proportions. It's very thick shaft was broad with a large, flat head that looked blunt and mean. Based on my previous lovers I estimated it to be eight inches or more. It looked smooth and was of a consistent colour until the dark plum coloured helmet. It jutted out angrily above a set of tight, shaven balls that had a perfect straight seam down the middle. His pubic hair was shaven very short, like a three day growth with a faint trail to his naval. I was keen to see if I could handle the challenge of sucking it as well as Alex, and I didn't have to wait long as I saw him move forward and shove it towards my mouth.

My lips were pushed apart quickly as Billy's fat cock forced its way into my mouth. The helmet was smooth and soft against my lips and as my jaw was pried wide open I realised just how thick he was. I took a sharp breath of air through my nose as it filled my mouth completely. The spongy head pushing my tongue flat as I tried desperately to avoid scraping it with my teeth. I was surprised that I could only fit a third of it in my mouth and was grateful when he didn't force it any further. His hand rested on top of my head as he gently rocked the head back and forth over my tongue, pulling it back through my lips on occasion only to lodge it back deep within seconds. It tasted salty and manly, and I looked down at Alex as I realised this was where her nasty mouth had just been. Her tongue was now swirling around my clit as she fed two long fingers deep up my hungry hole. Her fingers exploring my pussy as her warm mouth encased my most sensitive zone. She looked engulfed in her work and I moaned with satisfaction at her aggressive pussy eating style. I doubted this was her first time, and hoped it wouldn't be her last. 

Alex's darting tongue moved down to play with my ass which caused me to moan uncontrollably. She drew circles over the puckered ring and then would push it into the core as hard as she could. My asshole was soon bathed in her saliva and was yearning for more substantial penetration. I felt her fingertip push firmly against it again and again, persuading it to relax and accept it. Finally Alex broke through my assholes resistance, and I felt her steadily work one finger into my butt as her mouth descended on my clit again. She pushed it up to the second knuckle and pulled and pushed it gently back and forth as my second orgasm began to explode from me. Billy held my head tight and stuffed his cock deep into my mouth as Alex's tongue lashed my clit savagely causing me to lose control. My pussy flooded with juices as I was hit with wave after wave of blistering intensity. Alex wouldn't stop sucking on my clit and I bucked and tried to use my legs to get away from her. She would give me no quarter though and tortured me mercilessly as I screamed around his cock. As my orgasm subsided, she relented and removed her mouth. She began unbuttoning my top to expose my full breasts, gently suck on my nipples until they became hard and sensitive. Her long hair trailed over my skin and I could smell her shampoo as I returned my full attention to Billy.

I sucked on the big cock in my mouth with passion as I tried to emulate the prowess I had seen Alex display earlier. My suction was best when only the head was in my mouth and I could hear him groan as I competed to be the best cocksucker of the day. I locked my hand around the base of it, feeling its daunting circumference as my fingers struggled to wrap around it. I looked up to see him grinning down at me and felt his hand pull my head firmly onto the shaft as he lodged the end at the top of my throat. My eyes went wide as my air supply was cut off and my jaw started to ache. I squeezed his cock with my hand to signal defeat, and he withdrew it until only my now swollen lips encased it. My relief was brief though, as he pushed it back deep into my mouth again and again making my eyes water from the onslaught. His precision was top notch though and I never gagged, but the threat of what could be made me feel conquered. I started to drill the tip of my tongue into the eye of his dick whenever I had the chance and scratched my nails like a gentle claw on his wrinkled ball sack. I think this caused him to nearly blow his load down my throat as he quickly disengaged from my well-used mouth. My jaw screamed with relief as I savoured the leftover taste of his precum which had been steadily leaking out for the last few minutes.

Alex's face appeared next to mine and as I turned to look at her our lips met. She kissed me hungrily and her tongue teased my own as they gently brushed. As I had imagined her lips were soft and full like pillows that tasted of my own pussy. I pushed my tongue deep into her mouth entwining it with hers. Her hand was on my breast, twisting my nipple as I ran my right hand over her tight ass cheek and up the gentle curve of her back. Her skin was so soft against mine and I wanted to explore her body with my mouth. She broke our deep kiss and started to kiss my neck which caused me turn my head and open my mouth. Billy's cock was pushed deep into my mouth again as Alex sucked on my neck like a teenage make out session. As his big dick worked over my mouth again, Alex brought hers to the side of his cock and placed her lips on it as it moved back and forth. Billy put one hand on each of our heads and brought them together side by side to use at his will. As he fucked Alex's mouth I would kiss her cheek or the side of his cock and then she would do the same while he fucked my mouth. Finally, we looked at each other while his beefy dick pushed between both of our mouths until he had obviously had enough and moved around behind Alex. 
