 He had long sought to be rid of the burden that he was carrying. It was no hidden secret that Sara was making him miserable. There, on his face, were the lines of anxiety and discontent. 

That night they had had one of the biggest arguments of their relationship. Finally, he had admitted to himself that he could wear this cloak no more, and told her it was over. She tried to protest, but he stood firm on his decision, and escorted her and her belongings out of his home.

He watched as she drove down the winding driveway and through the gate to the darkened street. The relief he felt was like jumping into the cool springs on a hot summer day. 

He went back into the house and looked around. Somehow everything looked different. Without her presence, the air seemed fresher, the walls seemed to have spaced themselves out, and his recliner...HIS recliner was empty. He smiled, and went over to have a seat and watch some TV. 

About twenty minutes passed while he furiously channel surfed- because he could- and then the doorbell rang. He frowned, thinking that it must be her. Who else would be at his door at 11p.m?

Reluctantly, he got up to answer it. When he opened the door, there was a woman all right, but not the one he was expecting. He stood for a moment taking in her beauty. 

She was tall, and even then, she wore what he was guessing were four inch white heels. He noted that she had skipped the stockings. He let his eyes travel up the length of her tanned legs. Her tight, white miniskirt reached only mid-thigh, and her spaghetti strapped blouse was cut high, and the way it hung off her breasts, he could see her thin midriff. Her straight, blonde hair was cascading down her back.

"You're ogling," she commented. Her statement brought his attention to her beautiful face. Her blue eyes regarded him laughingly. 

He smiled. "Sorry about that. You caught me off guard. What can I do for you?"

She raised her arms in a helpless fashion and said, "I'm all out of gas." 

Her flat tone, and the way she looked to him like she could care less what happened at that point, prompted him to say, "Ah. Well, the stations all close at 11:00 here, but I could check the garage. I may not have used it all during the last hurricane." He opened the door wider. 

She entered his house, glancing around.

"Help yourself to the fridge while I go check the garage," he said.

He came back to find her sitting on the couch with a glass of Chablis. 

"Did you find some?" she asked him.

"I'm sorry, no," he said eying the wine. He thought to himself, I could siphon some out of my truck, but perhaps I'll just wait a while.

He sat down in his chair. His eyes couldn't help but to stray back to those shapely legs. Her gaze followed his. 

"Do you like what you see?" she asked.

"Well, I'm not disappointed that you appeared on my doorstep," he answered. "It was quite timely, actually."

To his surprise, she uncrossed her legs, giving him a perfect view of her white lacy panties. He felt his cock twitch, then he looked up at her face.

"I'm on my way to Miami," she said, looking him in the eye. "I hear the dancing's good down there."

"It is, it is," he agreed. "I've been to a couple of clubs there."

"I'm feeling awfully naughty," she said looking at him through her lashes. 

She took a sip of her wine, staring at him all the while. She opened her legs a little wider. The thin strip of lace between her legs wasn't enough to cover her pussy lips. He saw them peeking out on either side of the fabric. His mind was consumed with tongue-lashing what he saw, and his cock was getting harder by the moment.

She smiled at him. Holding her glass in one hand, she reached between her legs with the other and ran a perfectly manicured, red fingernail up the length of her slit. He looked into her eyes and found a devilish passion there. She nodded toward his crotch, and, while still clothed, he took his member in his hand to show her it's size. Her delighted smile and nod of encouragement prodded him to unzip his pants and pull it out. 

She set down her glass and got on her hands and knees. Without saying a word, she began crawling toward him. He had a perfect view down her blouse from where he sat. Her beautiful breasts swayed freely with every forward movement. By the time she reached him, he was stroking the length of his cock. 

She stood and slowly pulled off her panties, facing away from him. She bent all the way over to get them over her heels, and her heart shaped ass was right in front of him. He resisted the urge to touch; didn't want to move too fast. 

When she turned around, her skirt was still pushed up, and he was faced with the hottest, most wonderfully shaved pussy he had ever seen. He stroked his dick faster. 

"Oh, do you like what you see?" she asked him, secretly laughing.

"Well, it's quite unusual that one should open his door and find such a..." he searched for a term, "...lovely and willing young lady."

"I'm tired of driving. I want to play for a while. Shhh," she whispered. "Let me do that for you." 

She approached him and took the tip of his manhood into her mouth. Her tongue made little circles around his head, making him harder. She lapped up his precum as soon as it oozed out. Her warm, wet mouth brought him close to ecstasy. She could feel the veins beginning to harden in her mouth. She looked into his eyes, and took him all the way down her throat. She only allowed him that pleasure once. 

Then, she stood in front of him. "Touch me," she said quietly. His fingers found her sopping wet. He rhythmically rubbed his thumb over her nub until she began to quiver.

She lifted one leg to rest on the back of his chair. He leaned in for a sweet, wet treat. His mouth surrounded the engorged nub he had felt before. She was like the sweet nectar from a honeysuckle. His tongue explored from the tip of her clit to the bottom of her fuck hole. He could feel her body tensing, so he made every effort to make her comfortable. He lifted her leg, and gently laid her down on the thick carpet. 

Her arms swept around his neck and pulled him closer to her.

"I have to feel you inside of me NOW," she said.

He took off his jeans and moved up close to her, suckling one of her breasts. He let the tip of his cock rest between her shaven lips. She spread her legs wider, inviting him in. Happily, he slid his dick into her wet cunt. She moaned loudly, and encouraged him to ravage her.

He pumped his cock into her only a few times before she began to convulse with orgasmic pleasure. Her face was lovely as she came, and she dug her fingernails gently into his back while she was experiencing her bliss. 

When her waves of euphoria had subsided, she looked at him and said, "Now I want you to cum all over my tits."

He nodded, and pumped his cock into her faster. Her walls were tight around him and he had been holding back ever since he entered her. Now it was time. He pulled out of her pussy and let his creamy cum spill over her breasts. To his delight, she lifted one of them to her mouth and began to suck his seed off of it. 

"MMMMMM, you taste delicious," she said. 

"Oh, my," he said, but nothing could prepare him for what was to happen next. 

From the sliding glass doors came Sara.

"Did you like Amanda's pussy, Jim?" she asked as she got to her knees and began to suck his cum off Amanda's other breast.

Jim was astounded. How did Sara know such a truly wonderful little lady? And how did she know he would...

"What's going on here?" he asked, confused.

"Amanda is a friend of mine from New York," answered Sara.

"You were testing me!" Jim started to accuse, but when he saw the way Sara was lapping at Amanda's breast, he stopped.

His cock began to harden again. The sight of these two beautiful women together was engaging to say the least. 

He watched Sara licking his cum off Amanda's tit, and then kissing her. His rigid hard-on was growing with every caress the women gave to one another. He sat back quietly and watched, vigorously stroking his sex rod.

Sara's auburn hair was thrown to the side as she pressed her tits to Amanda's and straddled her, rubbing their pussies together.

Jim quietly watched the ladies. One of Sara's legs was suddenly underneath Amanda's, and they were furiously rubbing against one another. Jim couldn't handle it any longer. 

"Ladies, may I?" he asked. He was dying to watch them lick each other.

"MMMHMMM," they said in unison.

He was ready to explode again, and when he approached them, he squirted his cum over both of their pussies. Automatically the girls delved into one another's cunts. The sight of them in sixty-nine enchanted him.

They were engaged for no more than 2 minutes when Amanda began to tremble. 

She screamed out, "SARA, I'M CUMMING!"

"OH, MY GOSH, ME TOO!" panted Sara.

Jim fed his cock to Amanda, and she clamped down as she came. He was able to shoot one more load into her mouth as the girls completed their orgasms.

Exhausted, they all lay on the floor for a while. Jim was thinking he would deal with Sara and her deviousness later.