 The husband and wife team, Corbin and Veronica had been sent by the university to find, catalog and research the mating rituals of the American Bald Eagle in one of it's southern most nesting grounds.. They had been camped near a lake in central Texas for only a week and had already gathered all the needed information. They were avid bird watchers and had collected most of the data they needed on previous visits so this was like a paid vacation for them. The morning they were to leave, they were awoken by the sound of a near by boat passing in the narrow channel by their camp. The coolness of the morning was still on them as the sun wasn't quite over the top of the hill across the lake. The cool sticky air smelled of sweet cedar mixed with the musky smell of the lake.

Corbin woke and rose up on one arm and looked down at Veronica. She lay with sheet covering one foot and a portion of her round, tan belly. She wore nothing but a pair of white cotton panties. They had gotten a lot of sun in the last few days and those little panties blazed on her bronze skin. He rubbed his cock though his thin shorts. It felt good. He was hungry but his need was strong, even after the quick interlude on the rocks at the lake shore the night before. He wanted her just the way she was at that moment. Silent, sleeping, so innocent. 

He reached out and caressed the soft skin of her chest where it met her throat and encircling her throat in his large, hot hand. She moaned but turned away exposing her sweet, round ass. He sighed and pulled his hand away. Not this morning he thought, but then her hand reached back and grabbed his semi hard shaft. She moaned again and squeezed him coaxing him to continue. Corbin kissed her on the ear and down the side of her neck feeling her fine little hairs with his lips. He slid his hand lightly down her side and grabbed her ass and messaged between her legs. She was hot and wet through her panties. Veronica alternately squeezed his hard cock and rubbed her clit with her other hand as Corbin pulled her panties aside and slipped a finger into her shaved dripping pussy. Veronica pulled his cock out the leg of his shorts and rubbed it on her slippery gash. Veronica pressed the purple head of Corbin's penis against her waiting hole when they heard muffled, guttural laughter at the window behind them. 

The tent was open to let in the breeze, but apparently it also let in the steady gaze of two uniformed park rangers. One man was large with broad shoulder and grey flecked dark, red hair. The other was tall and slim and much younger. Both men were handsome and wore amused smiles on their tanned faces.

Veronica gasped and tried to cover her self with the sheet. Corbin grabbed her wrist and held it to her side and slipped his cock deep inside her pussy causing the two young men to stand there watching in disbelief. Corbin acted as if nothing were wrong and began to work his turgid penis deeper and deeper into her hungry slit. She covered her face with her hands and her tits with her elbows, feigning embarrassment as she ground herself against Corbin's balls. The two men apologized for interrupting and were on their way to leave when Corbin signaled to the two chairs just inside the tent. They took his cue quickly and sat down. 

Veronica got on her knees facing the two men. Corbin was behind her in an instant slamming his rod into her womb. Veronica shouted at the two men, "Take out your cocks", the park rangers obeyed and took out their stiffening cocks and began stroking them. They looked questioningly at Corbin who pulled Veronica's head up by her long brown hair to watch the two men stroke their long, thick cocks. Little by little, whether because she was fucked into their direction or she crawled, with every stroke she grew closer and closer to nosing the older man's balls. Corbin noticed the name tag on the man's shirt and addressed him as he ploughed into Veronica's slit.

"So, Brian, you don't mind if my wife has her way with you do you?" "She has a voracious sexual appitite and once she has something in her head she won't let it go."

The older park ranger stammered an affirmative not really sure what Corbin meant by his last comment but was more than willing to find out. He sank lower in the chair so that Veronica's lips touched his balls and his knuckles grazed her nose as he jacked off. Corbin stuck a thumb into his mouth to wet it and gently eased it into her butt hole. Her lips parted as she moaned from the new stimulation and Brian took the opportunity to wiggle his cock into her mouth. She took it greedily and clamped her lips around his cock head sucking hard, moaning and breathing through her nose. She sucked slow at first but began sucking faster and deeper as Corbin slid his other thumb into her brown pucker. The other park ranger was setting back enjoying the show when Corbin asked if he would like to fuck his wife.

Corbin smacked Veronica's ass as he pulled his long, bent dong out of her dripping wet snatch. He stood and helped Veronica to her feet. She had a bit of slobber on her chin and her thighs were slick with her own lubrication. She slapped Jimmies hands away from his cock and pulled Brian into a standing position by his cock. Veronica straddled Jimmy and he grabbed her by the back of the neck and tried to force a kiss on her.

"I wouldn't do that," Corbin said laughing, "she is in control." When he tried it again and found both his testicles in her firm grip and his bottom lip between her teeth he seemed to understand what Corbin meant. He took his hands off her and she slid down on his throbbing cock. Brian laughed and slapped Jimmy on the back of the head as Veronica took his cock in her mouth all the way down till his balls were pressed firmly against her chin. Corbin moved in behind her and stuffed his fat cock into her tight butt, fucking her with long, slow thrusts. Jimmy pumped her box with short quick jerks and mumbled over and over, "Oh baby, oh baby." 

The sun was well over the hills now and everyone was covered in sweat and the smell of sex overpowered every other scent in the camp. Deep moans and sharp, muffled cries reverberated over the glass smooth lake and across the heavily wooded camp ground. Veronica must have cum five or six times while the three men fucked her caressing holes. The three men soon began grunting and Veronica came again as she felt all their cocks harden one by one as they approached climax. Brian was the first to cum. Veronica grabbed his ass to help hold her mouth down on his cock as he pumped his seed down her throat. She choked a bit but never backed off his cock, no one saw a drop. 

She continued to suck Brian's dick ever so lightly as it went limp in her mouth. He looked down at her with an appreciative smile and suddenly Corbin grabbed her by the shoulders and shot stream after stream into her tight butt until she thought she'd pop. Corbin pulled out of her gapping ass and pearly, white cum oozed out all over Jimmy's tight balls. Jimmy didn't seem to mind because he took full advantage of her new added freedom of movement and pounded her sweet little cunt. When Veronica felt him getting close she hopped off his tool, got on her knees and let him cum all over her parted lips. She instantly ate any cum that dropped into her mouth and licked every bit of Corbin's spunk off his balls. 

Veronica wiped her mouth off on Jimmy's underwear that were still between his knees and stood up beside her husband. The two men quickly pulled up there pants and stood looking at the couple awkwardly. They acted as if the men weren't there as they shared passionate kisses and heartfelt endearments. Soon the couple's attention focused on the rangers and they were both all smiles. Brian shook his head as reality sank in, "You two are Doctors Rollins aren't you, the team from the university?" "Yes, I'm Corbin and this is my wife Veronica, it was a pleasure." He shot a quick grin at his wife who was beginning to get dressed.

"Well, the reason we came looking for you is because I spotted a large nesting area just outside the park and thought ya'll would like to take a look." Brian was visibly excited which in turn excited Corbin and Veronica. "It is only about a fifteen minuet boat ride if ya'll want to see." 

Veronica shook the two men's hands and engaged them in conversation about the eagles while Corbin got dressed. Corbin picked up a pack and joined the group ready to head to the boat.

"Since it's so close perhaps you two would like to join us for lunch back here." Corbin watched his wife's eyes brighten at his suggestion. She nearly skipped down to the boat as the two men agreed what a good idea it was.

"And perhaps you two could join me for dinner," Brian said, "I think my wife would really love to meet you two."

Jimmy's shook his head disbelievingly as he followed the three down the narrow, rocky path to the lake.