 My best friend Carrie had been depressed for weeks, ever since she broke up with her boyfriend John. She'd been seeing him for close to six weeks (a personal record for Carrie) when he dumped her after finding out she'd slept with another guy, David. After that devastating break-up, Carrie sought solace in a series of one-night stands which only had the effect of eroding her self-esteem even further. You can see the problem, even if Carrie couldn't. Like an alcoholic or a drug addict, the escape Carrie chose from her problems ended up being the problem itself.

Carrie had always been like that, ever since I'd known her. She called herself a slut and wore the title with apparent pride. I don't know. I tried that for a while. I was Carrie's partner in carnal crime for a few months before I met my boyfriend Will. Sex with random guys who I usually never saw again was fun for a while, but ultimately left me unfulfilled. Carrie, on the other hand, claimed to love that lifestyle. Her unhappiness, though, made me doubt that claim.

This situation with John seemed to be some kind of new low for her, though. She had really been happy with him. I think Carrie had always been jealous of what I have with Will, and for a while, with John, that wasn't a problem. 

Now, she came over all the time to cry on my shoulder, which I didn't mind, of course. A best friend's duty, right? But what got on my nerves a little was the constant apologizing about being a third wheel. That and the drinking. Carrie was drunk all the time, and there's nothing quite as cringe-inducing as a self-pitying drunk.

Will and I had for months been planning a two-week vacation to Hawaii. Carrie became more and more panicked as the date of our departure grew nearer, but I was looking forward to a vacation from her as much as from anything else. Then, of course, I felt guilty about feeling that way, and guiltier still about abandoning my best friend during her time of need. 

Will, as it turned out, had a solution.

"Why doesn't she just come with us?" he said. "The change will do her good."

That was just like Will. He was so generous.

"I don't have any money," Carrie sobbed when I asked her to come.

"Will said he'd pay for everything," I told her. He was independently wealthy, having inherited a small fortune from his parents.

"Really?" she sniffed. "That's so nice."

That preceded a half-hour crying jag about how lucky I was to have found a man like Will. I hoped that Carrie wouldn't be so mopey during the trip, or my entire vacation would be depressing.

Carrie seemed to brighten, though, as it got closer to the time to leave. She was positively sunny, and seeing her like that was worth all I'd had to go through.

There was a comic episode at the airport as Carrie's many body piercings (her latest obsession) set off the metal detectors at the security check-point. I couldn't help laughing as the security officer's wand squealed when it waved past Carrie's crotch and tits. Carrie, as polymorphously perverse as she was, admitted to getting a kinky thrill from being patted down by the dour-faced middle-aged black woman working security.

So, after an interminably long flight, we touched down in Honolulu. Carrie, in her criminally short dress, was immediately hit on by a Japanese guy while we were waiting for our luggage and agreed to meet him later for drinks. That was just like Carrie. We hadn't been off the plane ten minutes and she'd already hooked up with someone.

Then she flirted with the cab driver on the way over to the hotel and managed to score a bag of weed off him. Will, who had not known Carrie as long as I have, was frankly amazed.

"Is she like this all the time?" he whispered to me as she gave the driver a deep soul kiss in lieu of a tip. I could only nod and laugh.

It was late in the afternoon by the time we checked in. Will and I were both tired from a day of traveling and Carrie was eager to get off to her date with Masatoshi, so we agreed to meet for breakfast in the morning, to begin our touristy sight-seeing in earnest. 

Our room was fabulous. King-sized bed. Jacuzzi. Mini-bar. Great view of the ocean. When the door was closed behind us, for the first time the trip became about Will and I instead of about Carrie. My pussy was already wet and tingly.

I stretched out luxuriously on the huge bed and smiled up at Will. He kicked off his shoes and lay down beside me, kissing me warmly.

"I've been thinking, Lisa," he said seriously. "I really appreciate how patient you've been with me, with the whole panty thing."

Will, of course, was a serious panty freak. He loved wearing my panties and sniffing my panties. He would have made soup out of them if he could.

"I know it doesn't turn you on like it does me," he said. "So, for this entire trip, it's going to be all about what you want. In bed. Anything."

I smiled devilishly up at him. Now that was a proposition I could get behind. 

So for the next several hours, I called the shots. Charged porno movies to the room. Rolled a fat joint from the weed Carrie had given us. Hit the mini-bar for all it was worth. Got wet and naked in the Jacuzzi. (Well, I was naked. Will insisted on keeping on my black lace panties.) Made out like teen-agers. I liked my foreplay to last for hours and Will gamely went along with it. We were taking turns seeing how long we could hold our breaths while going down on each other under the water when the knock came on the door.

We thought it was Room Service. We had ordered two light dinners and a plate of strawberries and whipped cream for dessert (which we of course planned on eating off each other's bodies.) But when I pulled on my robe and looked through the little peep-hole, I saw instead that it was Carrie. Her make-up was smudged and she had obviously been crying.

"Shit," I swore. "Get dressed, Will. It's Carrie."

I opened the door and she fell sobbing into the room. Through the tears, I managed to gather that her date had stood her up. She'd waited for him for hours, getting steadily drunker and more depressed.

She saw Will pulling his robe on. "You guys were fucking, weren't you?" she said. "Oh, God, I'm sorry. I'm interrupting. I'm so fucking pathetic. I'll just go back to my room."

She made two half-hearted steps towards the door before I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her back inside.

"It's OK, Carrie," I sighed. "Come on in. Tell me all about it."

So the next several minutes were spent trying to calm Carrie down, trying to sooth her bruised pride. Will, despite what must have been a throbbing case of the blue balls, sat beside me and helped try to reassure my psychotic friend.

Carrie gushed drunken gratitude. "You're so nice, Will. God. Lisa is so lucky to have found you. I wish I could . . . She told me about how you're into panties and about how you had sex with a guy that one time . . ."

"Carrie . . ." I started. Will knew that I told Carrie everything, but I'm sure he didn't appreciate having his deepest sexual secrets slurring their way from her mouth. When I looked over at him, I saw that he was blushing, but he looked back at me and smiled a little, shrugging.

". . . and I think that's so fucking hot," Carrie went on. "Really. You're in touch with your feminine side and that is like so sexy. Most guys are completely shut off from that, you know? But you . . . I think it turns me on so much because I'm pretty much bisexual. Actually, with all this shit going on with men I think I might just go all the way dyke. Girls never fuck you over like this. I don't know, though. I love cock. . ."

Actually, the word "cock" came out more like "quaaaawwwgh," as Carrie puked all over herself. She looked down at the mess she'd made all over her dress and this brought on another fit of sobbing.

"Look at me," she cried. "I am so goddamn pathetic."

"Come on, Carrie," I said, helping her to her feet. "Let's go get you cleaned up."

Carrie leaned on me and I half-carried her staggering, stumbling and stinking into the bathroom, her apologizing the whole way.

Once inside the bathroom, I pulled her soiled dress off of her. I should have expected this, but the fact that she didn't have anything on underneath threw me a little. 

Carrie was always down on her own looks, but I thought she was really pretty. Long brown hair, cute round face, body slender but not too thin. Breasts the size of ripe grapefruit, nipples now ornamented with tiny gold rings. There was a third ring gleaming at her clitoris, at the base of a narrow and artfully sculpted heart-shaped strip of dark pubic hair. I think Carrie caught me checking her out as I helped her into the shower, because she smiled devilishly through her tears.

I turned on the water for her and Carrie luxuriated under the steaming stream, washing away the tears and the vomit. I watched her for a few minutes until I started to feel strangely uncomfortable. I started to leave.

"Don't go," Carrie said. "Please. Stay. I want you to."

"OK," I said.

"Come here, check this out," she pulled back the curtain. "I don't think I showed you my clit ring yet."

She leaned back and spread her lips open for me. I knelt down to get a closer look.

"Doesn't that hurt?" I asked.

"It hurts so good," Carrie purred. "Go ahead, touch it."

I touched the tiny gold ring, careful not to brush against my friend's pussy. She shivered anyway, as if an electrical current was passing through her entire body.

"God, it's like wearing a vibrator all the time," she moaned. "You oughtta get one."

"I don't know," I said, standing up. Needles have always scared me, and that seemed like a particularly touchy spot.

Carrie turned off the shower and stepped out. I handed her a towel. 

"Is there a toothbrush in here I can use?" she asked as she dried off. 

This was one of those hotels that provided all that stuff, wrapped in sanitary plastic. Carrie brushed her teeth quickly, and gargled with a little sample pack of mouthwash. She smiled at me after she spat into the sink.

"Thank God," she said. "I didn't want to taste like puke when I did this."

Then, before I could even react, she kissed me. It wasn't a "friendly" kiss either. There was nothing chaste or sisterly about it. It was entirely sexual. Surprising myself, I opened my mouth and kissed her back. Our tongues fluttered against one another. I felt the hard smooth knob of the metal stud in hers, fascinated by its texture.

Carrie's hands pulled my robe open and traced shuddery trails down my breasts. She knelt before me. I leaned back against the sink and parted my legs slightly. Her quivering tongue with its hard smooth metal nub parted me and found my sweet damp center. She kissed the pearly bead of my clitoris and I moaned out loud.

All right. Some might say that at this point I should have pushed her away, so as not to take advantage of my friend's obvious emotional vulnerability. But you have to take into consideration that I was a little drunk, a little stoned, and way fucking horny after the hours of foreplay I'd gone through with Will. Plus, I'd always been attracted to Carrie, I'd just never had the nerve to do anything about it. And, needless to say, the feeling of her going down on me was exquisite. So I just let it happen, stroking Carrie's hair as she sucked me expertly, tickling my clit with her steely tongue stud. She let me go and looked up at me, smiling through glistening lips.

"I've always wanted to do this," Carrie whispered.

"I know," I said. "Me too."

"I want you so badly, Lisa."

"OK," I said. "One thing, though. I don't want to leave Will out. If we do this, it has to be with him, too."

Carrie grinned wide. "I don't have a problem with that. Not at all."

"Wait here."

I left her in the bathroom and found Will sitting on the end of the bed, drinking a beer and disinterestedly watching the porno which was still playing on the TV.

"Will," I said. "I have something to ask you."

He nodded sagely. "You want to have sex with Carrie, don't you?"

I told you he was perceptive. I nodded and blushed a little, looking away. As it happened, the porno movie was showing a girl-girl scene, a gorgeous blonde going down on a black woman.

"That's OK with me," Will said. "I know you two have a real close friendship. I'll just go for a walk or something."

"Will, you big dummy," I said. "We want you to be there, too."

"No," he shook his head. "I'm a one-woman guy, Lisa. Seriously, I don't mind. You can tell me all the details later."

"I want to have this experience, Will, and it wouldn't be the same if I didn't share it with you."

"Really, Lisa," he protested. "I don't . . ."

"You told me that for this entire trip, you'd give me whatever I wanted in bed. Well, this is what I want. You and her. Together."

Will grinned sheepishly. "I did promise that, didn't I?"

"Yep."

"OK," he said. "A promise is a promise."

I laughed. I grabbed a cheesy tourist t-shirt Will had bought at the airport gift shop, which said "I got leid in Hawaii," and brought it for Carrie to put on. It barely covered her crotch.

"So," she said when she walked into the room. "Do you have any more of that weed I gave you?"

We rolled another joint and the three of us shared the two room service dinners which had arrived while I was in the bathroom with Carrie. We didn't talk much. We just exchanged loaded glances and watched the porno action, all three of us getting more and more aroused.

Will and I didn't know how to move this thing forward, but luckily Carrie'd had plenty of experience with group sex scenarios.

"You know what I'd really like?" she asked.

"What?" I said.

"I'd really like to watch you suck Will's cock. You watched me go down on that dentist that time in Vegas, but I've never seen you do it."

So I opened Will's robe and pulled out his stiff penis. I took him into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the head in agonizingly slow circles. I sucked hard, squeezing and stroking the shaft of his cock between my tightly circled thumb and forefinger, putting on a bit of a show for Carrie. Will leaned back on the bed and groaned. He kept getting harder and harder in my mouth, his cock twitching between my lips.

"That is so cool," Carrie said. "You do it differently than I do. Can I try?"

"Sure," I released Will's cock and let Carrie go down on my man.

She took him all the way in, her head bobbing up and down on his shaft with furious speed. Will squirmed on the bed at the change in sensation.

"Mmm," she said when she let him go a few minutes later. "I do it more like that. What do you like better, Will? Slow and intense, or fast and deep?"

"Both," Will gasped, words obviously difficult for him.

"Do you swallow?" Carrie asked me.

"Will likes it when I feed his come back to him."

Carrie laughed. "They call that a snowball. Most guys don't like that. Hey, are those strawberries?"

So for a while we took turns blowing Will, covering his cock with whipped cream and crushed strawberries. My sense of taste, heightened by the pot, was overwhelmed by the tart berry juice, the sweet cream and the salty musk of Will's precious pre-cum. The best part, though, was tasting these same flavors on Carrie's lips when she kissed me between turns. 

Will just laid there and let us work on him. It must have been paradise for him, having two women compete over his cock. I was glad that we could pleasure him so much. Now, Will had fantastic self-control. He could stay hard for hours without coming, but even he began to lose it when we both went at him at once, me sucking his bulbous head while Carrie licked his balls and went down between his legs.

"All right, stop," he said, pushing us both away. "I don't want to get off yet. I want this to last. Let's do something else."

"OK," Carrie said. "What?"

"I want to go down on you," I told her.

"Right on," she grinned. "Do you want strawberries and cream?"

"No," I said, a little breathless with anticipation. "Natural."

Carrie lay on the bed and parted her legs for me. I slid inside and began to feed.

I had never been with a woman before, had only tasted my own pussy, and I was shocked at how different Carrie tasted than me. She was salty, like the sea. It was wonderful. I sucked on the little gold clit ring and Carrie cried out, writhing beneath my lips and tongue, bucking her hips up to bring herself fully into my mouth. I loved her so much, loved pleasing her like this. I felt Will's hand touching the back of my head, gently pressing me forward, and I loved him too. I glanced up and saw that he was kissing Carrie and the weird thing was how much I much I loved them loving one another. 

Carrie, my best friend and Will, my man. The two people I loved more than anyone else on earth. The feelings of tenderness I felt for each of them were magnified exponentially now that I had them together. I had no idea it could be like this.

Then Carrie came. To give another woman an orgasm like this was so beautiful. It was like sharing the experience with her. Her pussy flooded with salt water like the tides coming in. Everything under my tongue moved and writhed as if every part of her was coming to a separate life of its own, like I was coaxing butterflies from their cocoons. Her cunt, her clit, her pouting labial lips, the rest of her body, all shuddering with the violence of an earthquake. Jesus Christ. I slid a hand between her buttocks and felt that even her asshole was buzzing with vibrating life. She screamed when she came. Literally screamed. My own pussy cried out in echo to her voice, a hands-free orgasm, something I'd never even suspected was possible.

As Carrie shuddered in recovery, Will pulled me up onto the bed.

"I can't wait anymore," he said, climbing onto me and taking me by force.

He fucked me hard. I mean, with Will it was usually gentle lovemaking, but this was straight-up hard-core fucking. He drove it into me, brutally grinding it in. Fuck yeah. It was unbelievable. He fucked me like I've never been fucked before, plunging in and out like the pistons on a steam engine. I flopped like a rag doll, letting out these little helpless cries "oh, oh, oh," as I was hurled over the edge into an orgasm which was like being tossed off a cliff.

Beside us, Carrie was masturbating as furiously as Will was fucking me. In that strange second, I wished I had a cock so I could fuck her hard, too. Then Will shot off inside me, filling me up with half a dozen explosive spurts of come, each one sending me off into another realm of undiscovered pleasure.

Will rolled off me, spent and exhausted.

"Did he come inside you?" Carrie gasped. "Oh, God, I want to . . ."

Before I could even catch my breath, Carrie dived between my legs and began gulp down the oozing seed which dripped like honey from deep inside me. Will slathered me with strawberry juice and sweet cream and then he was drinking from my well too. Then they kissed, sharing the sweetened mix of his come and mine and then they were kissing me so I could taste it too, the forbidden delicacy, ambrosia like that which the Gods must dine on, and we were all laughing.

I must have passed out from sheer exhaustion soon after that because the next thing I remember was waking up in Will's arms while holding Carrie in mine, thinking how beautiful she was when she slept.

Will was awake, too.

"What are you thinking?" I asked him. 

"I'm wondering if this is going to change things," he said. "Between you and me. Between you and her."

"I don't know," I said. "I don't want it to."

"I think this should stay here," he said. "We can be together like this as much as you want to on this trip, but when we go home, we should leave it here."

"OK," I said. That made sense to me, but I wasn't sure what Carrie would say.
