 Author's Note.  

This work is a figment of my imagination. It's not real, so don't break my balls about what you think should have happened...it's just a story. 

It also contains explicit descriptions of vaginal, oral and anal sex between consenting adults over the age of 18. If any (or all) of these themes offend your sensitivities, please do not proceed past this point!

If you like it, please don't forget to leave a comment and score at the end. Every bit of encouragement helps me decide whether the ongoing time and effort of writing is really worthwhile.

Thanks,

HS. September 2012. 

*****

THE EDUCATION OF REBECCA McFADDEN

I'll never forget how it all started.

We were sitting around the kitchen table in Mum's house. She'd gone to bed of course, and there was just Suzy and Rachel and me. The clock above the mantle showed two thirty and the bottles on the table were mostly empty, and Rachel was holding court like she always did.

'Of course size matters,' she said, 'and don't you ever believe anyone who says otherwise.'

I laughed, partly at her serious expression and partly because it was so like her to make statements like that. Black and white, that was Rachel. There were never any shades of grey in what she said or thought, particularly where sex was concerned. What a tosser!

'Don't you agree, Suzy?'

'What?' Suzy was the oldest of the three of us by eleven months and so Rachel always deferred questions to her, which was odd because she really didn't give a toss what either of us thought. 

Rachel frowned at her sister's inattention. 'I said that size does matter,' she explained. 

'Oh...well, I guess.' Suzy looked vague which was a sure sign that she didn't really know what she was talking about, but felt compelled to answer anyway. In fact she wasn't as experienced as Rachel, who, according to our calculations, had fucked more guys in the past year than the both of us had in the last five. 

Rachel nodded, pleased with the support. 'I mean, it just stands to reason,' she continued. 'A guy with a little dick could be the most skillful lover in the world but it would still be like waving a noodle in the Blackpool tunnel.'

I regarded my twin with amusement. 'Just because your tunnel is like Blackpool's, don't think ours are like that.' I said. 'That's probably why you need big guys - all the elasticity in your pussy has gone.'

'Well, at least I use it,' she retorted. Her blue eyes fastened on mine. 'Are you actually doing anything with Tom? I mean, you've been going out with him for six months.'

'It's Tony, and what we do together is none of your business.'

'Ha! Tiny, more like!' Rachel laughed, a dry little sound of derision. 'I was looking at him the other day in the pool and I'm not even sure he has one. Not a whisper of a bulge or anything. If he does have a cock it would have to be the smallest in the universe.' 

'Not all of us have the same basic needs as you.'

'Ah, so he does have a pin-dick! So tell us what it's like, Bec?' She wriggled her little finger at me. 'Is it like a little worm? Can you feel anything when you're doing it?'

'Don't be disgusting.'

'Is it like a toothpick?' she persisted.

'If you must know it's actually quite normal.'

'Really? Well normal is no good, Bec. You should try something bigger if you really want to be turned on. Like Jake's.' She held up her hands to demonstrate its length and thickness. 'He's got a dong like King Kong, and it's lovely. You should feel it when he pushes it up your -'

'Enough!' I could feel myself getting angry, which seemed to happen a lot with Rachel. For a twin we didn't seem to have much empathy, despite what the books said. 'Nobody wants to hear about it.'

'But you should,' she continued. 'Size and technique, Bec. Nothing like it, and you need coaching in both. If you like I'll tell you -'

'No!'

'- about the time he pushed it up my arse. Jesus! I thought I was going to split.'

'You did it up the bum?' Suzy's eyes went round with interest. 'I thought they only did that in porn flicks.'

Rachel laughed again. 'Christ, you two are hopeless.' She regarded us with pity for a few moments. 'Look, one day you're going to meet some guys and get married, and once the honeymoon's over he'll pork you once a week if you're lucky, and before long it might only be once a month. And when that happens you'll look back and wish you'd had a bit more when you were younger.' She turned her gaze on Suzy. 'So you've never done it Greek?'

'Um...no.'

Her eyes swiveled to me. 'And I don't suppose you have - not that you would have felt Tiny's little dick in there anyway.'

I shook my head, but despite myself I was interested. Rachel might be a bitch, but there was something compelling about her dirty stories.

She sighed. 'Would it do any good if I told you about it? I mean, will it make any difference?'

'It might,' said Suzy. 

Rachel laughed. 'As if.' She closed her eyes for a moment, remembering, and then shook her head. 'Nah, that's a story for another day...but I'll tell you about the first time we did it properly. Shit, it was good!' She stopped and took a sip of her drink, glancing at us to make sure we were listening. 'I met him in a pub - he was with a few mates and I was with Vicky and Sue. I remember thinking he wasn't my type but there was thin pickings that night so by closing time I figured it was either him or ol' faithful again...' she glanced at our blank faces. 'You know, my vibrator? Old Faithful?' She laughed. 'Anyway, I guess I really wanted a good root so I figured he'd have to do.'

'What about the others?' Suzy asked.

'Vicky found some guy...I'm not sure about Sue.' She shrugged. 'I really didn't care - when there's not enough to go around it's every girl for herself.' She regarded us. 'Do you want to hear about it or not?'

'Sorry.'

'Yeah, well... I didn't want to take him home so we went into the park - you know, that little gazebo down by the lake -' 

'Jesus! Couldn't you find anywhere better than that?' Suzy interjected. 

Rachel regarded her scornfully. 'I always go there,' she said. 'It's nice and quiet and it avoids any complications with the guy knowing where you live.' She giggled. 'There's a little bench in it which is just the right height for doggie, which is great if the guy has beery breath.'

Suzy shook her head. 'You're a slut, Rach.'

'Yeah, and I love it,' Rachel laughed. 'You've got to seize the moment, you know? Get your gear off and get into it, that's my motto. There'll be a time for being a prissy little housewife one day, just like you are now.' She shook her head in mock pity. 'So where was I? Ah yes... so I knelt on the bench and he stood behind me, and next thing I felt him pressing the head of his cock against my pussy. It's dark there and I'd no idea what he had in his pants...up to that point it could have been a pin-dick like Tiny's, for all I knew.' Her eyes were on mine and I could see a gleam of amusement in them at my expense. 'But it didn't take me long to figure out this one was different...I mean, really different. I thought at first he'd got a dildo or something and was trying it out on me, but it wasn't cold and hard like that...it was...just right.' She laughed again and shook her head. 'Shit, what am I saying! It was fucking huge! I reckon his knob must have been as big as his fist.'

'Yeah, whatever,' I'd heard Rachel's stories about big knobs before.

'No, really,' she said. 'I mean, it was soooo big it wouldn't go in...I could feel him pressing forward and I knew it was in the right place, but it was jammed at the entrance. I could feel my pussy lips trying to stretch around him, but he was too thick.'

'I doubt it,' I murmured. 'This is Blackpool Tunnel Rach speaking, right?'

She shook her head. 'No. It was really, really tight. Like it wouldn't go in - at least to begin with. And he just stood there, pressing forward. I could feel the pressure...like this immovable fucking log trying to force its way into me, and I couldn't go anywhere because I was up against the back of the bench. So I just gritted my teeth and waited...and then suddenly I opened up and he popped into me.'

I leaned forward. 'Come on, Rachel. You're exaggerating, right? It can't have been that big.'

'It's true,' Rachel said. 'It really was the biggest I'd ever had...and I tell you what - you'll never want a little one again once you've had one of those drilling into you.'

Suzy laughed dismissively. 'So what's so good about being split in two? Sounds like a lot of grief to me.'

Rachel picked up a bottle and poured the last few drops into her glass with a petulant expression on her face. 'You just don't get it, do you?' she said. 'I'm wasting my fucking time here.' She drained her drink and stood up. 'Well I'm off to bed...and you two losers can sit up and compare how tiny your guys' dicks are, and I'll dream of being fucked by Jake again.' She turned and walked unsteadily to the door.

Suzy called out after her. 'So when did you find out it was a prosthetic cock, Rach?'

Rachel turned back and regarded us mockingly for a moment, and tried to flick her head in that little princess way she had, but it looked for all the world like she was agreeing with us. A moment later she was gone, and Suzy and I were left giggling in the kitchen. 

**** 

When we were little my Mum used to dress Rachel and me alike. 'They're twins,' she'd tell people, and so we were - not exactly identical, but so much alike that people could hardly tell one from the other. She'd do our hair the same way and seat us together in the same pram, and we'd look like two little peas in a pod. She expected us to like each other, too, but that didn't happen. The truth was, we were different - and as we grew older those differences got bigger. She was the extrovert, where I tend to be shy and withdrawn; she was the party animal, where I was studious. She used people, and I didn't. And if I was really honest, I'd say that Rachel has a real mean streak in her that I don't. 

Once we were bigger I tried to change my appearance so I didn't look like her. I styled my hair differently and I always wore clothes and make up unlike hers. For a while I even tried to speak differently but that was difficult so I guess I still sound like her, but it doesn't matter because we don't move in the same circles. I guess we wouldn't even talk much if it was just up to us, but Suzy is the glue that binds us together and so we still occasionally have these bizarre conversations mostly driven by Rachel's ego. 

And the thing is, she gets under my skin. She has this knack of saying things about me that I know are true, and it really bothers me. 

So I lay in my bed that night and I thought about the little barbs she had thrown my way, and it got to me. Tony really was a boring fart, and he really did have a little dick, too. He was about as interesting in the sack as a dressmaker's dummy, and I'd put up with it because it was easier than going out and finding someone else. And I knew that what she'd said about regretting a wasted youth was probably true too: I mean, if you don't have fun when you're young, when the hell will you ever do it?

I realised too that all of the guys I'd known were pretty much the same, and unless I did something different the chances were the next ones would be too. I just seemed to attract that sort of guy - you know, nice, and safe and...boring. The sort who you'd marry and fifty years later you'd look at them across the room with the old striped wallpaper and faded carpet, and wonder where the hell all the joy in your life had gone. Rachel, god damn her eyes, was right. 

And as I drifted off to sleep the thought of Jake's huge cock seeped into my mind, and I imagined it was drilling into me, not her, and it was filling places that I didn't even know about. Part of me felt revolted by it, but the other part was excited...the thought of being possessed - of being held down by strong arms as that enormous dong rummaged my insides, reaching up towards my belly; pressing up inside me where no one had ever been before. I imagined Rachel was there too, laughing as I was being serviced, egging me on; and Suzy watched from the corner, her eyes like saucers as her fingers dipped into her crack. We both knew she'd be next. 

In the darkness my fingers played frantically with my pussy, feeling the sticky juices oozing out of me as the spiral of my pleasure grew, expanding like a huge silver bubble in my brain until I thought it would consume me. Christ, it was good! And just as I could stand it no longer I tripped over the edge and came - my limbs twitching and a sudden spurt of moisture at my fingers as the bright coloured lights burst in my head. I could hear myself moaning and I couldn't stop... my mind full of that huge thick prick lancing into me, sliding up until it was completely swallowed by my cunt, and then it spurted gallons of thick cream as I writhed underneath it. Fuck!

And the next morning, when the feelings of unease normally disappear, they were still there - and the next day too. Rachel, my bitchy little sister, had really hit the nail on the head. Tony would have to go, and I'd get out more and try to meet other guys. It was time to change, to use my hot little pussy...to have fun, fuck it, and bugger the consequences. The trouble was, though, that if I wanted to break out of this rut I'd have to do something different - and I had no idea how to do that. 

And then, as these things do, a sudden opportunity presented itself. 

***** 

Rachel has a job as a travel consultant. It sounds pretty grand, but really all she does is sit in dingy office and book other people's holidays...pretty shit, if you ask me. She'll come home and carry on about this island resort or that and how fucking marvellous it was, just like she'd been there. In truth she never had two bob to rub together so I figured the chances of her actually going to all these exotic places was just about zip.

And then one day she came home and told us that her company was sending her to Fiji for a few days, to check out a new resort there. I was happy for her, I really was, but then she blew it by spending the next three weeks lording it up like she was the fucking queen, about to embark on a Royal Tour of the south west Pacific. Holy crap! It's only Fiji, for God's sake. 

Things were made worse by the fact that I'd got absolutely nowhere in finding a new guy. Tony had been given his marching orders and he'd slunk off like a bewildered kid, wondering what he'd done wrong. A stocktake of the office guys brought up zip - three accountants (as a principle avoid Accountants like the plague); the camp office boy whose underwear was probably frillier than mine, and the ugly boss who had been trying to get into my knickers for years. Even a couple of trips down to the pub had failed to find anyone more interesting than the local hicks who thought they were God's gift. I mean, how hard could it be to find someone to root?

The night before Rachel flew out she was in the kitchen talking again. 

'I might bring you back a present Bec, if you're good' she said. 

I figured it would be a wooden carving or perhaps a coconut shell cup, neither of which I wanted.

'Gee, thanks Rachel.'

'And when I get back I'll tell you all about sex on a tropical island.' She regarded me with her pale blue eyes. 'Have you given Tiny the flick yet?'

'As a matter of fact, I have.'

'Well, that's something. Have you found a new dick to play with?'

'Don't be crude.'

'Hmm, I guess that means no. Would you like me to bring a bloke back for you?'

'Bugger off.' 

Rachel laughed. 'Your loss. I'm going to have a wonderful time, and you'll be here playing with yourself.' A sudden thought occurred to her. 'You're not to touch old Faithful, right? In fact, don't go into my room.'

'I'd only go into your room if I wanted the pox.'

'Yeah, well, I mean it. Don't touch any of my stuff.'

The ridiculous thing about the conversation was that Rachel didn't have anything that a self respecting girl would have wanted anyway - I mean, she didn't wear normal clothes and her make up was all the wrong colours. So I guess it was just me being ornery when I went into her room the following day. I just wanted to make a statement, right... to do something that she didn't want me to. I poked around her cupboard and looked in the bedside cabinet, and it was full of crap. The computer was still turned on and I had a look at that too, but aside from a few links to porn sites there was really nothing of interest there either. 

And just as I was turning away I saw she'd left her email server open, and so I clicked on it and had a look. A new message from Jake. Shit, so he really was real! I flicked though the menu and read it.  'Hey babe, free tonight. Fancy a shag?' 

Jake, with the apparently enormous dong. Jake, who clearly didn't know that little miss princess was away for a week. Jake, who wanted sex and nothing more. Jake, who the little bitch was constantly pushing in our faces. And suddenly an idea popped into my head which was so audacious that it took my breath away. 

I sat on the chair and thought about it. I turned it over in my brain, looking at every angle, working out if it could be done, if I could get away with it. And the more I thought about it the more excited I got: it was daring, it was the new me; it would break me out of my rut and, best of all, it would put little miss pox arse in her place. 

With trembling fingers I tapped out a response  'Sure. Usual place 8pm. Wet just thinking about it.' 

The letters on the screen glowed at me, seeming to pulse slightly in time with my racing heart. I rested my cursor on the Send button. Fuck, did I really want to do this? What the hell was I going to do with the guy, anyway? Not shag him, that was for sure...I knew where he'd been, at least as far as Rachel was concerned, and I didn't fancy that rancid dick anywhere near me. But if I met up and pissed him off then he would think it was her, and that would be delicious. Fuck, her, the bitch. 

I pressed the send button and watched as my message went, and then I took what I needed from her room and went out to change. It was going to be an interesting night. 

*** 

Have you ever been to a fancy dress party and dressed as a slut? Felt the whisper of satin knickers on your skin, and the clasp of a cheap trashy dress on your body? It sort of gets to you, doesn't it... your nipples press against the cups of the little lacy bra and they get hard all by themselves, and your pussy gets sensitive, too. I could feel mine as I drove to the park - an unaccustomed warmth down there, a wetness that I usually only got with direct stimulation. I could feel the little lacy gusset of Rachel's pants pressing against me, the silky soft touch against my vulva and I could smell her cheap perfume in my nostrils; and when I looked in the mirror I saw her there. It was disturbing, really - all my adult life I'd tried not to look and act like her, and yet after an hour or two fixing my hair and practicing her pouty little expressions I was her. And not just the looks, either, for if the truth be known I was starting to think like her too. 

I guess the Jim Beam might have helped. I could feel the warmth of it sloshing in my belly, and the dark eyes reflected in the rear view mirror were dilated with drink. I knew it was stupid but this was the new me - a girl out for her own gain and to hell with the rest of the world. I knew I wouldn't fuck Jake - it was just a game to piss off Rachel, but hell, it was fun. For just one night I was going to be an irresponsible, stupid, selfish little slut. 
