 The southern California Saturday sun warmed the back of his neck as Sam wobbled back to his house less than 100 yards away from Mrs. Benavides' place on trembling, weak legs. He had heard some of the jocks in school talk about 'fucking the shit' out of some girl, and now he knew how that felt. 

The weakness in his legs was counteracted by the knowledge that he had lost his virginity. A smile crept to his mouth as he tried to recount what had just happened, but it was all a fog, it had happened so quickly, yet so many times. She kept getting him hard, then doing sex acts that he had only either heard about through the grapevine. Mrs. B was so patient and gentle at first, allowing him to get his 'sea legs' so to speak, then she got crazy, riding him all through the house and backyard until he literally orgasmed that final time and passed out from exhaustion. 

Sam's house was at the crest of a small hill, and as he trudged back home, the driveway came into view and he saw not only his dad's car, but the car that he "shared" with his sister. Shared. Yeah, right. Taylor was the full time driver of the bright red VW Golf GTI even though it was coined as the car that they would both drive. It did no good to complain, it would only fall on deaf ears. She wouldn't even let him ride to school with her, fucking bitch. Funny that dad and mom gave it to her on her 16th birthday, at her Sweet Sixteen party. Sam did not have a party. 

'Shit.' Sam muttered to himself as he neared the front door, wondering what kind of drama would enfold today. 

He tried to be as discreet as possible, avoiding the family room and cutting through the kitchen, but, there was his sister, sitting at the island bar with Kerri and Madison, two of her cheerleader teammates. Sam froze and tried to back out of the doorway as silently as possible. The girls were eating lunch, obviously taking a break from the pool because they were clad in bikini tops and their hair was wet. Madison was most definitely the one with the tits; they were overflowing her bra top, smashed together in what looked like an encasing that was two sizes too small. Madison is a Pakistani and Filipino mix with a long, flowing mane of jet black hair, dark skin, and definitely curvy. Kerri was another All-American blonde, very short, if she was five foot tall; Sam had some swampland to sell you, and pixie-like. Sam loved to listen to her voice, it reminded him of those Olympic gymnasts when they got interviewed. Kerri's chest was pretty flat, but it matched her physique, and much like those gymnasts, was taut and muscular. Her platinum hair was cut very short and spiky. She was Taylor's only friend that wasn't cruel to him. Then there was Taylor, tall and statuesque, full breasted with the ass of a car magazine model. Sam noticed that her nipples were hard and pointed viciously through her white bikini top. 

"What the fuck are you doing in here?" 

Shit! Taylor saw him before he could make his exit, stage left. 

"Were you just standing there, staring at us, you fucking pervert?" Her words cut him to the bone. 

Red faced, he just shook his head in denial. 

"DADDY!" Taylor bellowed as she got up and ran into the den, her friends hot on her tail. 

Sam reached into the refrigerator and grabbed the bottle of V8 just as his father made his appearance. 

"Why are you bothering your sister, Sam?" His dad stood large and overpowering at the kitchen island, hands firmly planted on his hips in his normal day off attire, basketball shorts and shirtless. Richard still possessed a physique that most men half of his age would kill for, broad chested and narrow at the waist, not as ripped as he used to be, but defined nonetheless. 

"I'm not!" Sam protested in vain. "I just walked in the door, dad!"

Sam noticed that Taylor had come up behind their father and snaked her arms around his waist, smashing her ample bosom into his side. He reached around her and rubbed her back gently. Sam thought off handedly if he could feel her nipples jabbing into his side. 

"Make yourself scarce while she has her friends over, okay?"

Taylor grinned and flipped him off as Richard walked back to watch Sports Center. 

He trudged heavily up the stairs and noticed his mother in her sewing room, door open, reading a book. Sam knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had heard the whole fiasco. 

"So...mom?" 

"Yes?"

"I guess that I am restricted to my room, now?"

"What do you mean?"

"Like you don't know. Why don't you and dad just cut a hole in my door so that you can slide a tray of food in there three times a day? That way I won't embarrass you if you have company."

Sam didn't wait for an answer; he just strode into his room and shut the door, staring at himself in his mirror. He was very surprised that he had said a word, usually; he just took the verbal abuse and hid in his room. He lay out on his bed, arm across his eyes as he heard the girls splashing about in the pool. His mind wandered back to the events of this morning. 

'Sorry, Mrs. B, I couldn't hold it.' He had said as his first load of sperm splashed her inner thighs. His heart was racing with the knowledge of what was to take place. 

'Don't worry, Sammie, let Mrs. B take care of you.' She had said, and boy did she. 

Sam's fifty some odd year old neighbor had given him a hand job to get his dick back hard, which didn't take long at all, then lowered herself down on his long, thick meat stick, taking his cherry. It took her a long time to get used to his size, and before she had a chance to begin masturbating him with her labia, Sam blew his cum deep into her. She had just smiled, then kegeled on top of him, getting him hard again in seconds. This time, the sex was long and slow, filled with lots of kissing and touching. He didn't know at that time that a woman came, but Mrs. B told him that she had come several times. They had repeated that process again and again, getting faster and rougher each time. 

"Oh, shit!" Sam moaned as his jism flew out of his cock, he had been reliving the experience while stroking his monster through his shorts and blew his load. He grabbed a change and went in to shower. 

Minutes later, Sam noticed a text message from Mrs. B- 'Come over'

The newly de-virginized Sam bounced down the stairs and past the den where his mom and dad were watching the news. 

"I'm heading over to Mrs. B's, she is making me dinner."

They didn't even grunt a response as he just walked out the door. 

The evening air had cooled considerably as he whistled as he almost literally skipped towards her house. He noticed a very nice car parked at the curb in front of her place, and as he got closer, he noticed a fairly new Jaguar, all black with black tinted windows. Shrugging, he bounded up the sidewalk to the front door and rang the doorbell. Seconds later, Mrs. B answered the door, dressed in a dark green strapless tube dress that clung to her voluminous breasts, yet threatened to drop down at any second. Her thick nipples poked through the material and Sam found himself getting hard. 

"Sammie!" She smiled. "Come in, I hope that you don't mind that a friend is joining us for dinner?"

'A friend.' He thought. 'Great, no sex then.'

He was disappointed, yet smiled warmly as he was introduced to Sherri, a very sharply dressed woman of about 45. She looked like a middle aged Kelly Rowland, her long raven hair flowed about her shoulders and her wide mouth beamed, flashing her straight, white teeth. Sam thought her to be very attractive and he loved her rich chocolate skin. She had an air of sophistication about her that seemed to project out from her very being. 

"Sherri is a friend of mine; we have been sisters for years!"

The three of them talked politely over a dinner of spicy frijoles charros, and Sam was enraptured by Sherri's beauty, and that she seemed genuinely interested in what he said as the conversed. 

"Sam, would you be a dear and grab the pitcher of tea that is in the fridge?" Mrs. B asked.

Sam readily agreed but could not help but notice the slightest of glances shared by the two women. He rounded the table and grabbed the drink, then went back and placed it on the table between the two women. Sherri hooked her finger in the pocket of his jeans, stopping him from moving. 

"Pasha," Sherri said, referring to Mrs. B, "says that you have quite the gift, Sam."

Sam's eyes widened and he looked down at his neighbor, who had a sly smile that traced her lips. 

"May I?" Sherri asked without asking as she reached to the zipper on his jeans, grabbing it and pulling down. 

Sam's heart began to flutter madly as Sherri unzipped him and Pasha unbuttoned his fly. Sherri reached in his jeans and rubbed his burgeoning cock. 

"Oh my!" She giggled. "Did you put a cucumber in there?"

Pasha tugged his jeans down to his ankles, leaving his tented boxers on before pulling them down as well. 

Sherri cooed as his semi erect penis came into view. 

"I have never seen one this big!"

Sam tilted his head back as he felt Sherri's hand encircle his rod, then the sounds of scooting chairs as both women got closer to him. 

Pasha and Sherri each had a hand on his shaft and squeezed and stroked as Sam ballooned to his fully erect 11 plus inches, then each leaned forward, planting soft kisses on the respective sides of his girth. Sam was overwhelmed as he looked down and saw the contrast of his pink flesh being palpitated by the two brown women, one darker than the other. 

"Oh! Oh!" Sam tightened up as he felt his load rushing up his shaft. 

Sherri quickly closed her hot mouth around Sam's soft mushroom head and sucked deeply, her cheeks concaving in with the effort as he shot deep into her oral cavity. He relished in the sight of her working his cock, her pristinely manicured fingers pumping his length, his shaft disappearing into her tightly closed mouth, he could feel her tongue brushing over his glans, her bright red lipstick leaving smudges on his penis. 

She sucked at him for several moments, getting every last drop of his seed and swallowing loudly. He was hard again before she released her hold on him. 

"Let's take this to the bedroom." Pasha said as she scooted her chair back. 

Sam tore off his shirt and followed her into her room as Sherri followed, saying something about not being able to wait. 

He lay on the bed as Pasha started licking and sucking on his balls while lightly stroking his already swollen member. Sherri undressed slowly as if not to get her clothes wrinkled all while watching the oral ministrations performed by Pasha. 

Now naked, Sherri began rubbing Sam's chest, paying attention to his nipples, twisting them between her fingers and pulling out sharply on them. She was completely shaved downstairs and looked differently than what Pasha did. While Pasha had large, droopy labia, Sherri's were smooth and tiny. 

"Have you eaten pussy before, Sam?" Sherri asked, straddling his head and facing towards his feet. He couldn't help but to marvel at how pink that she was inside. 

"He is a fast learner, Sher!" Pasha panted, rubbing her clit as she broke from the tongue bath that she was giving Sam's massiveness. 

Sherri ground her hips down on his face and Sam began licking hungrily at her snatch as she moaned before laying flat on his belly in a 69 and helped Pasha suck him off. 

Both women were alternating between tongue kissing each other and sucking hard at his cock when simultaneously, he felt a finger probe his ass as Sherri flooded his mouth with her sweet nectar. 

"Cummmmminnnnnnggggggg!!!!" She bellowed to the ceiling, gripping his head between her taut thighs. 

She swung around Sam's body and got on top of him, rubbing his broad helmet through her sopping wet vaginal lips, preparing to impale herself. 

She winked at him as he felt her cunt begin to swallow his meat stick. 

"I am going to fuck the shit outta you, boy!" Sherri groaned as he slid into her about halfway. 

She rotated her hips in a circular motion in order to get used to him, but Sam gripped her hips and thrust upwards, she grimaced and groaned loudly, the cords on her neck standing out in bold relief. 

"So big...so big!" Sherri whimpered over and over. 

Pasha rubbed Sherri's clit with one hand as she continued to finger fuck his asshole with the other as Sherri slowly bounced on him, picking up speed. Sam instinctively participated, this time taking the lead. Pasha leaned her head forward and licked at his shaft and Sherri's pussy as they fucked. 

Sherri grunted and squeezed Sam's chest hard as a fiery orgasm enveloped her entire body, then collapsed next to him, panting loudly. Pasha took him in her mouth, sucking him deep into her oral cavity and swallowing her friends cum from his shaft. 

Several hours later, Sam and Sherri kissed deeply at the door to Pasha's house, swirling their tongues together before she departed. The three of them had fucked over and over again, once again teaching Sam several things. 

Pasha was in a robe as she said good bye to Sam, kissing him tenderly. 

"I am having some people over to the house next Friday, Sammie, you are invited."

Sam left the house with confidence oozing out of every pore. Not only had he lost 'it' today, he had a three way as well. His cock throbbed as he bounced up his walk toward the house. 

Let his fucking sister say something to him now, he thought. 

His mom and dad were still watching TV as he made his way to his room, then the shower, and of course, he was still met with indifference. His sister was out, again, and Tommie was already asleep. 

Sam went over to Pasha's house every day after school, and two of those days, Sherri was there as well. Sam was becoming quite good at pleasing them, and not only did he have a gigantic dick, but he was now able to get hard at a moment's notice, and he always launched a copious amount of goo when he came. The women were insatiable, which was great, because he was as well. Pasha didn't let him fuck her on Thursday; she told him that she had a big surprise for him the next day, and not to even masturbate the next two days. They talked comfortably, Pasha making sure that he did his homework first, and then play second. 

Friday finally arrived; Sam was like a kid on Christmas Eve, not being able to sleep hardly a wink. Taylor had left for school already, leaving him without a ride...again. 

"Why does she get to use that car all of the time?" Sam complained for what seemed the trillionth time, all with the same results. "We are supposed to 'share' the thing, right, dad?"

His father already said that he couldn't drive him to school; he had a meeting, even though he drove past the high school every morning. Mom was already dropping Tommy off in the opposite direction. 

"She has practice in the mornings, Sam," his father reasoned for her, "maybe if you ever did anything—"

"Bullshit, dad!" Sam blew up, feeling his neck and face get hot. He had never raised his voice to him. 

Richard put down his paper and glared at him. 

"What did you say?"

Sam felt a rush of adrenaline, he shook from the charge. "I said that was bullshit, father! I am fucking tired of being the damn black sheep around here!"

Richard just stared at him, a blank look on his face. 

"Um, well, grab your stuff, son, I'll take you." He said this absently, in shock. "I'll talk to your sister about the car."

Sam couldn't help but to grin as his father pulled out of the drive. 

He knocked on the door and turned to look around as he waited. There were probably five cars there, including the black Jag, Sam excitedly noted. The door opened and Pasha greeted him. 

"Come in, Sammie, I'd like you to meet some friends of mine!" 

He followed behind her, noticing yet another sun dress, this time in a shade of orange. She was barefoot and he could smell how clean she was, with just a hint of a citrus perfume that he liked. He stared at her generous Latina ass as he followed her, thinking of how her corpulent pussy lips peeked through her legs when she was doggy style. 

There were a lot of strange people in her living room, black, white, Asian. They seemed to be mostly couples. He had anticipated getting sex tonight, but this threw him for a loop. 

"You remember Sherri?" Pasha pointed to his other fuck buddy who was sitting on the couch next to a very large black guy who had his arm around her. 

"He better!" Sherri exclaimed, jumping up and pecking him smartly on the lips. She turned to her man, "This is my husband, Reggie..."

She introduced all around, but he fogged up when she introduced her husband, not hearing a thing after that. Husband?

Pasha came back into the room with a large tray of scotch glasses filled with a light brown fluid, then stopped in front of each person as they took one and thanked her. 

Sam held his glass nervously and watched the group drink heartily. He took a swig and swallowed quickly, feeling a burning in his throat as his eyes filled with tears. He coughed long and loud as the couples laughed, but not in cruel way. 

He looked up. 

"Smooth!" Sam grinned. 

Reggie patted him on the back, his huge hand nearly covering his entire shoulder. 

"We've all heard a lot about you, young man!" Reggie winked at him. 

Confused, Sam looked to Pasha. 

"Sam," Pasha started, "we are a group of friends that get together as often as we can to...enjoy...each other."

"Enjoy?" Sam was puzzled. 

"Swingers, Sam." Jerry, a thin fellow that looked to be in his fifties said. He was almost completely bald, with a thin goatee, and sat next to a portly brunette, his wife Jeannette. 

"Swingers?"

Pasha laughed as she explained to him just what that meant. 

Just as she finished putting into plain words what she meant, Sherri emerged from the back hallway wearing a sheer black corset that showed her dark nipples, thigh highs and a garter, no panties. 

Sam's eyes widened and he stole a glance over to Reggie, thinking, well, not knowing what to think. 

Corvin, a light skinned black guy gave a wolf whistle and rubbed his hand over Sherri's plump ass as his wife, a petite Thai lady named Tum, smiled her encouragement. 

Sherri grabbed Sam's hand and pulled him to her as he noticed that the furniture had been arranged in a semi circle, creating a stage area of sorts. 

Sam held his breath as Sherri knelt in front of him and began undoing his belt. He grabbed at her wrists as he recognized that she was trying to get him naked in front of everybody. 

"Its okay, Sam," Tum said in a heavy accent, "relax, its okay."

Sam released his grip on her wrists and watched as she slid his trousers down his legs. He glanced around the room as he felt her rubbing at his cock through the thin material of his boxers. Reggie had pulled his fat cock out of his shorts and was stroking himself, his penis thick and fat. Sam marveled at how dark black that his shaft was. He peeked over at Jerry and Jeannette, who was rubbing her husband's crotch through his jeans. He closed his eyes as he felt Sherri's mouth envelope his heavy penis. 

"Shame on you!" Pasha clucked as she sat down next to Reggie. "Starting without me!"

Pasha gripped Reggie in her hand, pumped him twice, then leaned over and inhaled his cock into her mouth, sucking him loudly. 

Soon, the group of lovers were all naked and coupled in some way. Reggie's hard cock was stuffed into Pasha's mouth and was glistening with her saliva; Jerry and Corvin were each sucking on one of Jeannette's fat nipples, Corvin fingering her hairy pussy with his middle finger as she masturbated them simultaneously. Jeannette's skin was the tone of alabaster and her wide areola shone with the men's spit; Jerry rubbed his wife's round belly as she smiled down at him. 
