 There is an emotion I don't know the name for. I would describe the symptoms of this emotion as: anxiety, galvanization to adventure, nervous tension, jealousy and perhaps guilt.

Of course these ingredients being only a portion of the mixture, no tasty description can be had. 

You know it; you have felt this way but can you find the word for it? It is a paradox of wants and warnings. It is something beyond temptation but dare you touch, a rattling Pandora's Box might meet your grip and then what?  Assume you are me. 

To make it easier for you, thirty three years of your life have past. In this time your male human body wears the wounds of most stereotypical white-western-male leanings. The booze and fatty food has given you a gut and the genetic information, carried and passed down by your mother, has burdened your ego with male pattern balding. You are not fatally flawed by the wrath of the ugly stick though. You have dark features and a soft face (and manner when it suits). When you talk to people you generally stoop as you are tall and you are not badly built. 

You work casual hours at a hotel called The Masons Arms. That's where you met Anique, in one of those moments, where that emotion resides. You can't remember what you were thinking when you first saw her but from all your miserable experience with love-at-first-sight, it wasn't that. What you remember is trying against the laws of gravity to keep your eyes off her arse. How could you possibly know that fixing a hole in Big Pete Quincy's office wall would lead to a tryst with Pete's mistress? How you to even know Anique were was the boss's mistress? Up until that fateful moment you had never set eyes on her.

Now bring yourself to the present moment. You are trawling your mind for the right word. You know there must be an adjective for it.  She takes off her singlet and throws it at you.  Apprehensive doesn't cut it.

All this distraction in the room but the centre of the universe is the space where breasts meet breastbone as the clasp of her bra snaps.

Nubile, nascent, svelte, succulent; these are not the words to describe your state of emotion but these are the words that fill up your head whist running searches on something more appropriate. 

There is a rally of eye contact and you don't know how best to play your hand. The Chivas Regal soldiers all lined up in a row, standing guard at the altar of powders. And the sidelong stares cannot distract you from the glorious sensuous prize she embodies.

Ineptitude, moral distress: they are factors, yes indeed. You know there's one perfect word though, one solitary word that will encapsulate everything that you are feeling right now. You are working your way through the components at play but fail, at this tender stage, to consolidate your learning.

What are you doing? Surely you want to touch her. Supple and eager, she laps at her own nipples: you would be crazy not to.

Longing, insouciant: no, insouciance is what you want to be feeling so that the pleasure doesn't smack so badly of pain. As a side note you congratulate yourself as the lilac, lace Short Stories Vstring and matching bra were seriously mutual gifts. 

She is making no motion for you to move to her. Instead she glides her hands over her entirety.

Nebulous, impenetrable, esoteric, and ineffable: are these your excuse-words, your cowardly terminology of escape hatches and labyrinths? 

Anique is licking her fingers and looking south.

STOP.

Just for a moment stop what you're doing. I know you are eager to get your hands dirty, to use a vulgar expression, but remember with me, if you will, the time when you were not so reluctant to reach out and have what your will dictates. Can you picture that time when the two of you stole the keys to the penthouse of a local MP and copied them while he was screwing a waitress at the Masons Arms. She joined you later at his ultra must-have bachelor's pad and let you pour over the blackmail shots. Anique busied herself seducing the waitress while you looked at photos of her smiling for the spy-cam with this stuffy powerbroker slobbering all over her. Her name was Maria and complimented Anique's idiosyncrasies perfectly. 

They made you watch remember? You weren't allowed to touch either of them but you really didn't mind so long as you could stay and watch and that's exactly what you did. You drank cheap merlot and smoked cigars. You looked over the photos of Maria and the MP fifty times or so. You listened with intent as the conversation that was winding between the girls accumulated in a serpentine atmosphere. The words themselves being stripped of any literal meaning and adopting, rather the bestial tones more often observed within the so-called 'lower animals'. Your interpretation of their dialog was not that they sounded like beasts, far from it. The natural superiority of the music that they made that night was like a pair of hand-cut quills smattering a virgin parchment with poised and pointed ink arabesques of feminine sensuality. Nothing crass plagued your thoughts. All was as it should be. 

Didn't they say something important then? Back at the honourable MP's humble abode they said something and you thought 'don't forget this because it may be of great importance'. All you can recall of this would-be epiphany is the name Lilith. 

Some time after the MP, our mate, got back from a well earned spot of sex-tourism, you did some looking into the mythology of the Lilith figure. It's a damn shame you were so stoned on opium and nitrous-oxide bulbs that you can't remember a thing about her except she might have been Adams first wife; that Adam that is the first man that God (in his infinite wisdom made in his own image) and got his second wife from a rib. You know that guy? Anyway, you have this vague notion coupled with a visual description gleamed from the internet, of Lilith as a child killing, succubus, with a dog and a pig suckling at her breasts and a scorpion or male genitals between her legs.

No one would be too hard on you forgetting these things though. The girls were a distraction (they looked like living two-tone art deco) and the drugs were a distraction, it stands to reason really. 

So by now you want to quit the nostalgia. You have this amazing woman in front of you and you have this bloody internal dialog reminiscing about obscure biblical spirits of demonic bloodlust. But you know now, even as you move beside her, there is something important about Lilith.

And you still can't find the right word, can you?

Hedonistic is the word that next presents to you. You process it. It doesn't compute.

Here in the present moment she is telling you to close your eyes. 

You close your eyes.

What seems like a long time passes and you're wondering will you touch her this time or will she again quip "it's not all about sex you know?" What then is it all about? You are sitting here looking at the insides of your eyelids and the sense of your hearing intensifies as the minutes pass. You can hear the soft murmurs of sex-song. You're sure of it; Anique has another lover in the room tonight. 

Sometimes you wish it was all about sex. What can this parody of real life be but a convoluted porn script? This time, to be safe you conclude, it will be all about the sex, for you at least. Only one eye; but you take a peak through the slither of a crack and there she is, in technicolour, bearing down on this mans meat. He is a big boy too and for all her Zen whisperings the girl walks with a big stick, if you know what I mean.

This snapshot of human interaction, of intimacy, has of course been indelibly etched onto the very fibres of your being. It's the feeling for which you have no name. You don't know which way is up or down but your cock, your cock is pointing like it wants to show you something on the ceiling.

Is this fuel you're feeling course your system forming words like 'insecurity', like 'ephemeral'?

You feel her hand and know instinctively she has checked to see if your eyes are shut tight and she instinctively knows you have seen the intruder, the co-conspirator. She leads you across the room and motions you to kneel. 

You're buzzing through word-nonsense: stigma, dogma, pressure, pussy, penis, torture, giver, master, healer, mentor, martyr...

Anique has a hand on your cock and a hand over your eyes. She instructs that you stay that way until otherwise informed. You obey. A shiver of closeted, bigoted archetypes opens on you as you feel the head of this other mans cock brush your own. 

This is a moment of experience that you decided was going to be about sex so let it be about sex at last, I dare you!

That's it: reach out and grab her slender frame. She wants complete control but you open your eyes defiantly. You register first that she has both of you firmly in hand and you take a hold of her breast as you soak the scene in. The other guy is older and bigger than you; better built. His cock is bigger than yours and he probably has more money but you have the spirit of lust moving over you so ferociously that you feel no intimidation. 

Anique is telling you his name is Douglas and licking his shaft as she speaks. She goes on to say he is a very well-to-do lawyer and, incidentally, her auntie's husband, which you guess would make him her uncle. Douglas smiles and shakes your hand as she slides her tongue over the head of his fairly huge prick. She takes him in her mouth as far as she can and then comes up for air and mounts Uncle Douglas with her back to his face. The healthy peach of her arse slides easily onto him. Anique, with her blonde hair brushing her pert young breasts, motions you closer as she bobs up and down slowly working him all the way inside.

Taboo, unethical, dramatic, tumultuous; what good are these words here?

You hear something she says in a peripheral way. It sounds like "liberation". You can't be sure. Douglas has these rather large hands to match his rather large penis and they are now exploring Anique's firm tits. Before they were breasts but now you see this rich mans hands squeezing and tweaking those small curves, you realise they are 'tits'. 

Abandon is a word you want to employ. You might as well give up on explaining your feelings right now. You want to kill him. You want to touch him. You are not certain but you dissolve with the moment as much as seems possible.

The much smaller, more alluring hands, owned by Anique, pull your head down and she seems now to be speaking in tongues. And you know, don't you, that she is expecting you to put your praises to her pussy; now soaking wet and smoothly straddling an in-law. So you're here right now licking her clit watching this foot-long, clean cut looking, fellow have his monster washed by Anique's precious twenty-five year old lips. The pressure she's applying to your skull has you lapping at the man's shaft now and then. You figure it's not such an unpleasant sensation and Anique has become a virtual quagmire of juices. 

Overboard, wilderness, decadence; a word is a word is a word.  

You can't stop now can you? It's a definite point of no return. She moves proceedings on like a sexual traffic conductor: you fill her from behind as Donald gets sucked. She has you swap ends and kiss her between the legs upon swapping. She has you stand together so to get both of you in her mouth. Douglas makes this no simple task. You are getting too wound up and she knows you're on the edge of spilling your lot, so she moves out of the tangled embraces and beckons you both towards the shower stall.

What do you think? Can you take this? Is it all too much overkill and sexual pomp?

There are no more words coming and you have delayed your arrival time with Anique making the initiative on a late departure. She turns the tap and gets lost in steam. She makes you both wait while she readies herself. She is after all a woman who likes to be pampered and to choose the style of company she keeps. Douglas and you look on as Anique lathers up some bath gel and clothes herself in suds. She knows you are on the brink and wouldn't last a second in there with her. Douglas is another matter. He is a man with resilience and stamina beyond most men of his fifty years.

Island, pariah, lost: is this what you're thinking?

You take a seat on the sink. Douglas is breathing in Anique. You can see his eyes light up as he drinks in the intensity of his desire and his actions. The result is evident in the angle and determination of his raging hard-on. They both look you squarely in the eye as you work your cock solo. Even touching it will make you explode and she says "don't touch it or you won't be any use for the finale". 

Dejected, painfully erect, inquisitive, uneasy; it's hard to settle on just one pulse. 

You turn around so your only view is in the fogged mirror. Those big hands on her slim body you can make out. Those nipples poking through the soap, disappearing under the tongue of this strange guy Uncle bloody Doug! "Turn the water off Douglas" intones Anique. He responds accordingly and proceeds to grope her incessantly. You are just about ready to knock Douglas out and take Anique by force if necessary but you steel yourself for the big finish. 'If you have to surf the gutter you had best ride the wave out' is your reasoning. 

Unconvincing, stumbling: falling endlessly down a hole.

This is it; The Big Finish. You are listening in disbelief as Anique and Uncle Doug debrief you on their clandestine activities in the Masons Arms. They say the place is really frequented by Freemasons and Anique has been for some time, the star in a series of pornographic films in which she re-enacts rituals to get the Brotherhood squirting furiously into their leather aprons and digging deeply into their well lined pockets. 

By now you don't care what happens next. 

What happens next is you share some powders with your entrepreneurial companions and let them guide you headlong into debauchery and oblivion. It's a slide show. The whole animal thrust of the thing is in strobe segmentation. 

Flash: mixing cocaine and KY.

Flash: Anique's arse in the air.

Flash: Doug's middle-finger doing circle work with the coke and KY on Anique's arse ring.

Flash: She mounts Uncle Douglas.

Flash: She proffers her rear to you. She wants you to put it in. She says you should do it now while it's numb from the coke. Are you going to do it now?

You want to think you are above it, but the truth of the matter is; that posterior entry winking up at you, glistening with lube and cocaine, is just too good to be refused. When offered these things it's considered rude to decline. So your 'ending' is rubbing balls in a near incestuous ménage ET trios; then she says "you think that's your end?" You think about this a moment and then realise who you are dealing with. "What do you have in mind?" this you reply with open mind and weary resolve. 

The road of words leads you to confusion and scorn-conditioning. When you were young they said you should bash them. You nodded along; just another sheep. Now is no different than then. She say's you are going to do something for Douglas that will help him "lubricate a point of entry in a tight spot". You look at the big prick pulsing in her hand and obediently, you suck. You suck and you like it and you want to do it but you don't fancy a load in the mouth. 'That's just too much for experimentation' is what you think. When you've sucked it to the satisfaction of all involved, it is indeed dripping with your saliva and as he insinuates himself into her magnificent arsehole you have an out of body experience that runs down Anique's chin as she spasms to climax with Uncle Doug rapid firing his monster load deep inside her arse.

Skip to the scene in the club when there are only two girls in the world and they are dancing with intent. You're wishing you had done better at maths because there are so many alluring variables to this equation. Anique is drowning this immaculate spectacle, by the name of Sally, in her cool hypnotic gaze.

They touch sporadically beneath the strobing lights. 

Anique and Sally use your knee as a love seat. You get the occasional three-way kiss but for the most part you are a stunned exclamation mark consumed within a luscious feminine parenthesis. Together you leave in Sally's boyfriends' car.