 *Authors note: If you're offended by swinging spouses and wife sharing and group situations spare yourself the aggravation and don't read this. If you're a self-loathing master-baiter that is disgusted by the fact this turns you on don't read it either. I don't need any stupid anonymous comments

*****

An uneventful evening at home ended with a call from Shawn my wife's thirty-ish well hung muscular black employee. In a previous story (Oops) I told how Brandi had a wild fuck session with him while I was handcuffed to a chair and made to watch after she found my stash of black on white porno's. She knew I had a fantasy of watching her fuck a black stud by how excited it made me when she'd tell stories of her ex-football playing black boyfriend in college. Whenever she wanted to get me charged up she knew all she had to do was start talking about their sexploits. 

Brandi is the definition of a hot wife. Forty-ish, 5' 8" with a killer body, all over tan, big beautiful 38d implants an ass you can bounce a quarter on, long killer legs and pouty cock sucker lips. She could be the porn star Lisa Ann's younger sister.

To get Shawn to fuck her in front of me Brandi had to fuck him in private first. Which leads us to this story. Shawn knows now that we swing and as long as I get to watch its okay for her to fuck other men. We always have great sex afterwards. Shawn was having a bachelor party and the stripper cancelled last minute. Knowing of our proclivities and that she was once a stripper he wanted to know if Brandi would consider filling in. He figured she owed him. He said that the guys were just wanting some lap dances and to see some titties and maybe cop a feel. If anything else were to happen that was entirely up to Brandi.

I relayed the message but Brandi wasn't interested. She took offense that just because she fucked him before that he felt he could call her anytime on a moments notice and expect her to come running. I'm not his black cock whore that he can beckon when ever he wants to fuck me were her exact words. 

I think the short notice is what upset her most. Maybe with a weeks notice to prepare and she might have went for it. After all she worked her fair share of bachelor parties when she danced. Not to mention she still entered amateur strip contests occasionally for the thrill of it.

I told Shawn she said no, he understood but asked to talk to her. I handed the perplexed Brandi the phone.

She went into the bathroom and I heard muffled talking and yelling. She came back a bit pissed, handed me the phone and headed too her closet. About ten minutes later she came out wearing a trench coat and stilettos. "Are you coming?" she snapped.

"What happened?" I quizzed.

She related that Shawn wouldn't fuck her in front of me unless she fucked him in private first. Quid pro quo he called it. She reluctantly agreed because she really wanted to put on a good show for me and thought of it as a rehearsal fuck. So they met up at a cheap hotel and had a fuck session. Well, Shawn secretly recorded it and threatened to show it to everyone at work if she didn't do this for him. "I may end up fucking everyone at the party, are you cool with that?" she tantalized seductively knowing the answer. It was clear the idea of being used as a sex toy for the night was beginning to intrigue Brandi. She likes to be just fucked sometimes instead of making love and this would fit that scenario.

Having experienced her in group sex situations before I was getting turned on just thinking of the show she would put on so I grabbed her hand and guided it to my now hardening cock. "What do you think?" I joked.

She smiled devilishly "I thought so. I'm so glad it turns you on to see your wife fucked by other men, otherwise we'd have a problem." She winked then laid a passionate lip lock on me. "Confidence is sexy." We headed to the car her stilettos tapping on the wood floor echoed sexily through the house.

We arrived at the 4 Star luxury hotel where Shawn instructed her to go. The valet got an eyeful as he opened Brandis door and her trench coat slightly opened revealing her long shapely legs as she seductively slid out of the car. Brandi's stilettos echoed throughout the lobby and all eyes turned to check out this beautiful sexy woman in the trench coat as she strutted to the elevator. We reached the floor and room, knocked on the door and a clearly delighted Shawn answered. He moved to kiss Brandi on the lips but she turned her head defiantly and all he got was cheek. "Thank-you so much you really bailed me out of a jam." he professed handing her a chip. "There it is like we agreed. I have no copies, I swear."

Brandi pretending to be upset snatched it from him and handed it to me. "Well, lets get this party started." she said tepidly trying to conceal her excitement.

"Just one thing." Shawn hesitantly said as he pulled a blindfold from his back pocket dangling it in front of my wife. "The guys want you blindfolded."

"What...Why?" A dumbfounded Brandi queried.

"Most of the guys work for you and they're afraid of repercussions." Shawn said almost apologizing. 

Brandi thought about it for a bit before a gleam came to her eye "Hell, might be fun." 

"Just a warning the guys really hate you so it could get rough" Shawn warned as he tied the blindfold over Brandis eyes and led her into the luxury suite. "Everyone this is Brandi our stripper for the night." Shawn announced to rousing applause and lewd comments from the six men there.

Brandi recognized their voices and knew that all the guys worked for her under Shawn. And, soon she'd be under them. She knew these were the same men Shawn bragged to about fucking her regardless of his denials. A bit discombobulated she was led to a makeshift bar and downed a shot of Tequila that was handed to her. She asked someone to untie her trench coat and the guys fell all over themselves to oblige. When it was loose she let it fall sexily to the floor revealing one of her sexier dancer outfits. Clearly visible through a black nylon see through top were her big tits and erect silver dollar sized nipples. She had on a short plaid school girl skirt that barely cover her fine ass. 

The guys were clearly pleased. "I knew she had a rack" "Look at those tits, no wonder she's so proud of them" "That pussy's gonna get a work out tonight" "Lets see that ass you shake around the office" "Can't wait to stick my dick between those tits" "She's gonna pay for the bonus we didn't get this year" were just a few of the bawdy comments thrown about as the guys surrounded her.

Brandi turned and flipped up her skirt to give them an appreciated view of her tight sweet ass. Smiling broadly she shook it at them as she gave it a playful smack. 

Brandi downed a second shot that was handed her as the guys clumsily groped her. She drank a bit more enjoying the attention from the guys as they stood around her like ravenous dogs taking turns kissing her and exploring her body feeling her tits and ass. 

Jamal a balding middle aged black man with a pot belly rubbed and squeezed her ass before lifting her skirt and giving it a good smack. "Damn thats a fine ass. I'm gonna fuck it before the nights over." he bragged as he grabbed her tight and began to slow dance with her. He kissed her firmly on the mouth sticking his tongue deeply down her throat as he ground his cock into her pussy while rubbing her ass. 

The guys took turns with her cutting in on each other holding her tight and grinding their cocks into her while rubbing her tits and ass. Sometimes they would sandwich her in between themselves one guy grinding his cock into her pussy and other her ass.

With my dick straining at my pants just imagining what was to come I pulled out my camera phone to record the event.

Getting horny from the alcohol and the grinding she offered herself up "Come on lets do this, I hear a lot of big talk I hope you got the big dicks to back it up." she chided.

The guys didn't have to be told twice as they eagerly gathered around her forming a semi circle talking smack on what they were gonna do to her as they groped at her body and roughly kissed her.

Shawn got behind her and forcibly grabbed her tits with both hands and squeezed them vigorously as he pulled her back into him. He really gave her tits a manhandling squeezing them so hard Brandi cried out to the guys delight. 

Still blindfolded and vulnerable Brandi leaned back into him and ground her ass into Shawn's cock and smiled playfully, "Shawn I'm guessing?" she teased as she reached behind him and massaged his cock through his pants.

The guys let out another cheer along with more bragadousious claims on what they were gonna do to her. 

Shawn teasingly ran a hand down Brandi's body and inside her skirt then rubbed her clit causing Brandi to moan lustfully. He pulled and squeezed her tit as he intensely stroked her pussy.

Helpless and horny feeling all eyes on her Brandi lustfully moaned at the attention she was getting. Her nipples stood at full attention which wasn't lost on the guys.

Shawn slinked his hand inside her top and massaged her tits and pulled on her erect nipples. He laughed as Brandi wantonly moaned. "So, are you gonna fuck us or what?" Shawn asked already knowing the answer.

"What do you think?" Brandi lustfully moaned as she grabbed Shawns dick.

The guys cheered in anticipation.

"Alrighty then" he said as he grabbed the sheer top forcefully ripping over her head causing the startled Brandi to squeal as her perfect tits burst free in all their glory. 

They looked fantastic when they sprang out and the guys shouted their approval with more lewd comments.

After the initial shock Brandi purred her approval as she leaned back into Shawns chest as he pawed her now exposed tits.

Shawn tweaked and pulled on her nipples stretching them as far as he could before Brandi would cry out in pain. Laughing he smacked her tit making it bounce causing Brandi to yelp even louder. "Look at those puppies bounce fellas. I told ya she had sweet tits." he bragged as he roughly squeezed and shook them at the guys. "Well, come on am I the only one thats gonna play with her fun bags. She clearly wants it." he chided as he forcibly grabbed the squealing Brandi by the elbows and roughly pulled her back into him firmly restraining her just in case she changed her mind. 

Powerless Brandi's tits jetted out sexily with her nipples fully aroused begging for someone to service them. Still blindfolded and helpless her tits heaved with each breath of nervous anticipation she took. Moaning wantonly she sexily ground her ass into Shawns cock as he restrained her.

The guys on each side of her jumped at the chance to feel her up. Jamal and Jackson another balding middle aged black guy groped and squeezed her tits all the while commenting on how nice they felt. 

Brandi moaned lustfully as they squeezed her tits like they were Playdough. Startled she would squeal when they'd slap her tits making them bounce. Still restrained she used her knee the best she could to rub the guys cocks through their pants. 

They rolled her nipples around like they were changing station on a radio dial. Eventually they both bent down and began sucking on them like ravenous dogs. They would squeeze her tits roughly as they sucked her nipples into their mouths then pulling away stretch them as far as they could. When she whimpered in pain they'd laugh like teenagers.

The other guys mesmerized by this continued to shout bullshit to the guys as they worked on her tits. 

Jorge a portly Mexican kid maybe mid-twenties grabbed her face and began forcefully kissing her as he roughly rubbed her clit. He bit her neck leaving a small hickey before he knelt in front of her and pulled her skirt to the floor ordering her to step out of it.

Brandi readily obliged now totally exposed except for a thin see-through g-string.

Jorge continued playing with her pussy through the thin fabric. At first rubbing her clit vigorously then reaching inside her panties and fingering her pussy causing the restrained Brandi to squirm and moan in delight. "You like that huh bitch? You teasing whore, I always knew you were a easy fuck" he chided almost in anger. "I'm gonna taste this pussy before it gets torn up" he declared. He reached inside his pocket and pulled out a switch blade and popping the blade open he ran it menacingly up and down her leg laughing as Brandi quivered in fear. Grabbing her thong roughly in one swift motion he cut it off her. Examining it he proclaimed "She's wet as hell boys and ready for a good fucking." Laughing he took a deep whiff and stuck them in his pocket. "Mmmm, a trophy from the night I fucked my teasing bitch ass boss that fired me." 

Shawn reminded them that she didn't have to do this and it goes no farther than this room, they are not to talk of this to anyone. He spun a shocked Brandi around and grabbing her firm ass and squeezing before giving it a smack he declared "This ass is mine, nobody fucks it but me unless I say, got that?" Shawn spun her back around and restrained her again as the guys readily agreed and went back to groping her.

Two other guys took a turn at her tits as Shawn held her tight. Bobby an average looking white guy and Edgar a tall thin black kid both in their early twenties played with her tits like they'd never seen any before.

Jorge buried his face into her clean shaven pussy and vigorously ate her out. He'd suck up her pussy lips into his mouth and pull away stretching them causing Brandi to moan sexily in pain. He'd shake his head ferociously as his mouth engulfed her pussy. "Shes got a sweet tasting pussy guys" he offered up before inserting his finger into her pussy and roughly finger fucking her. It was obvious he was getting great pleasure causing Brandi as much pain as he could get away with for firing him while still getting his rocks off. He eventually got three fingers inside her claiming he needed to loosen her up for the big cocks that were gonna fuck the shit out of her tonight.

Knowing Brandi is fond of a rough gang bang every now and then I still kept and eye on him to make sure he didn't get to carried away.

As the guys worked on her Brandi moaned louder and louder grinding her pussy into Jorge mouth as she inched closer to her first orgasm of the night. 

Sensing her imminent orgasm Jorge ramped up his vigorous finger fucking as he chowed down on her clit. "Bitch is eating this up." he mumbled.

Brandi's impending orgasm had her writhing and moaning even louder now as she ground and bucked into Jorge's face "Yes, oh God, Yes, Yes, Yes, F-U-C-K, Fuck, Lick that pussy, yes, yes YEEEEESSSSS, Arghhhhhhhhh!" she screamed as she exploded in orgasm. Her knees buckled and she would have fell to the floor if Shawn wasn't still gripping her tightly.

Jorge stood up wiping Brandis juices from his face was clearly pleased with his pussy eating prowess. "That's how you eat pussy boys." he bragged as he squeezed her face then kissed Brandi roughly on the mouth again shoving his tongue deep down her throat as he squeezed her tits. He then shoved his pussy drenched fingers into her mouth and made her lick them clean.

"I dare you to do that after we've all cum in there." Shawn laughed.

The guys stood back in amazement at the power of her orgasm. "I've never seen a woman cum like that" Bobby said.

"I bet you haven't" the guys joked. "This is a real woman not some little girl, she knows what she's doing."

Brandis tits were really heaving as she tried to catch her breath and regain her composure. "I need to get fucked guys" she pleaded through her pants.

"Not till you suck all our dicks." the now naked Jorge barked. He was covered in cheap looking prison tattoos and looked very much a punk.

I looked around and saw that Jackson and Jamal were naked too and the others were undressing as fast as they could.

"If your dicks aren't hard by now I'm not sure me sucking on them will help but lets go, whip them out." Brandi admonished.

"You heard the boss" Shawn said as he pushed Brandi to her knees. "Open wide" he ordered.

Brandi obediently opened her mouth in anticipation as the guys circled her. 

She looked like a baby bird with her mouth open wide as they slapped her face with their cocks and laughed as she desperately tried to get them in her mouth.

Eventually Jamal grabbed her by her hair and forced his cock down her throat. His thick 6" cock had a big bend to the right like a banana. Using her hair he worked her mouth around on his cock.

She purred as she bobbed up and down on it. The bend caused his cock to hit on the inside of Brandis cheek making it pop out every time he forced her down on it.

Jackson slapped his 8" uncircumcised cock on her cheeks several times before placing it in her hand. It looked like an elephants trunk.

Brandi played with Jackson's cock sensing it was different as she sucked on Jamal then switched her mouth to Jackson's cock. "Mmmmm, I'd never sucked an uncircumcised cock before sure would like to see it" she teased as she pulled back on the foreskin and expertly ran her tongue around the head.

The guys weren't having it she must stay blindfolded they agreed. 

Disappointed she returned to eagerly sucking Jackson's cock as Jorge slapped her face with his tiny 5" cock. Even though his cock was small he had huge balls.

I circled around the group to get the best angles on camera that I could of her on her knees sucking and jacking off the guys.

The guys made fun of Jorge asking what he was gonna do with that thing which only fueled his anger. Grabbing her by the hair he pulled her off Jacksons cock and ordered Brandi to suck him. She opened her mouth and deep throated him with one swallow. 

As his pubs tickled her nose the guys cheered and berated Jorge. Angrily Jorge grabbed a handful of her hair with one hand and forcefully face fucked her as he smacked her tits making them bounce with his free hand. 

Brandi gurgled, grunted and yelped as he pounded his cock into her mouth. She's been face fucked by cocks way bigger so I knew she wasn't in any pain. She enthusiastically began tugging and pulling on Jorge's large balls. "Now thats a nut sack" she said as she gauged their weight and size.

"See, the bitch likes it rough." he boasted shoving her head all the way onto his cock he held her tight as he squirmed his cock around in her mouth. "Make me cum, bitch, I've been saving a big load just for you. I'm gonna decorate that pretty face of yours" he evilly laughed as he gave her tit another hard squeeze before slapping it.

Brandi squealed in pain the best she could with her mouth full of cock as the slap echoed through the room. 

Jorge went back to face fucking her and began to moan loudly as Brandi gagged. As he was about to cum he whipped off her blindfold to the displeasure of the other men. "I wanna see the look on her face as I cum all over it" he declared pulling his dick out of her mouth and jacking himself off vigorously "Open your mouth slut and look at me" he barked. 

Brandi adjusting to being able to see readily obeyed opening her mouth wide and sticking out her tongue she panted in anticipation as she lustfully looked up at Jorge. "Thats it Poppi, cum for me, give it to me Poppi, cum all over my face and tits, you know you want too, give me that big load you've been saving just for me" Brandi urged as she squeezed his balls and tried to lick the tip of Jorge's cock.

Jorge sneered down at her as he grunted loudly and shot his first load into her waiting mouth. He wasn't kidding he was saving it up. The second shot landed across her forehead and over her eyes the next he aimed for her tits. He was pretty pleased with his decorating job and bragged about it as he scooped up some cum off her face with his fingers and fed it to her. 
