 By Dillinger and Madame Pandora 

Authors’ Note: This story may not be published on any website that charges an access fee to members, but may be distributed on any free site as long as appropriate credit is posted with it and the authors are notified prior to posting. Also, please note that this story was conjured as an experiment to see if two authors with completely different styles could craft a tale that would appeal to both their audiences. We appreciate all feedback and thank you for your indulgence.

* * * * *

I know it sounds cliché, but I met her at an Internet chat site. Much to our mutual surprise, we really hit it off, enjoying each other’s conversation in ways that were both seductive and intellectual. She was a co-ed beyond her years, with a devilish sense of humor and a yearning to shed her little rich-girl roots for some down and dirty role-playing, and I was only too willing to oblige.

It was inevitable that we finally reached the point where she e-mailed me a picture, and from then on, I decided there was going to be a meeting. She demurely agreed.

Months went by until at last I was traveling out of state – to her state, and to the city that was barely an hour from the upper class suburbia she called home. 

There was a trendy little bistro not far from the hotel where I was staying, and it was there we decided to meet. I spent hours nervously anticipating whether or not that same connection would be there in person, as it had been on-line. The moment she entered the room, however, all doubt was washed aside. She passed through the door and our eyes locked, drawn to one another by an almost visible magnetism. The noisy restaurant faded to a blur around us. And we knew, from that first glance, that we were as hot for each other in person as we had been all those late nights at our computers.

She made her way toward me, shuffling shyly through the crowd, a girl at least ten years my junior. She was turning more than a few heads in her mini-dress and bare legs. It worked on her, this clean, pretty-girl look. Her slim body accentuated by the form-fitting red dress and high-heeled sandals. She was petite and trim, with a round, firm ass and a rack to die for. Big angel eyes and long brown hair. 

When she finally reached me at the bar, I was gaping like a schoolboy, which was no way to establish myself as her master. She wasted no time in her affection, lifting her arms around my neck and pressing her ruby red lips to my mouth. And I remembered then how our conversations had gone. How she was the shy little girl, and I was to be her corruptor. I quickly recovered from the shock of her sweet beauty and took control, opening her mouth with carnal hunger to accept the penetration of my tongue, and then reaching down with both hands to grip her luscious ass and pull her forward against me. She gasped and shivered at the lewd display and blushed as the hot, lustful eyes of every other man in the place envied me openly. I let her tug away and walk to a table. It was important she be willing to trust me before demanding her complete surrender. She could tug away… that time.

We barely made it through dinner. Every shy smile and blush made me want to lift her up on the table and take her right there, with everyone watching. To let them know this was my little angelslut. That she would do anything I wanted her to do. But there was time for that. 

After finishing dinner, she came back with me to my hotel, her soft, young body tucked tightly against my shoulder as I kept a possessive arm around her. Whispering into her hair, I told her all the things I wanted to do. All the many ways I was going to desecrate her pampered body. Shivering, she giggled and turned her eyes up to meet mine. I could see the excitement there. She was unpracticed, but so excited and so ready. I couldn’t wait debauch her.

The opportunity came sooner than even I expected. We hurried into the posh hotel, hand in hand, and waited impatiently for the elevator. I had nearly decided to just take her up to my room and sink myself into her behind closed doors – to quench the lust that had been boiling in me all these months. But she had told me how she longed to be dominated and how she yearned to be treated as a creature of sex, instead of the china doll care with which she’d been condemned to from all the other men in her life. I would not disappoint.

We stepped into the elevator eagerly, both of us hot and aching for the other. We were alone, so I pulled her back tight against me, letting her feel my huge, hard cock grinding against her round, young ass. My hands encircled her waist and then boldly rose to her full, firm tits. I held her there, mauling her luscious, curvaceous body, my cock grinding against that hot little ass, my fingers pinching at her stiffening nipples. We missed our floor, but it didn’t matter, I realized. A plan formed quickly in my mind. I was going to have her, right then and there, on that elevator.

“Are you marked for me?” I teased in her ear hotly. “Did you do what I told you too?”

“Yes.” She gulped and hissed back. “I am marked for you.”

“I better make sure.” I growled, and, in the shiny reflective doors of the elevator, I saw her smile.

The elevator chimed, the doors began to open, and I felt her tug away a little, but it only made me yank her back all the harder. Only now my hands wanted more. Leaning forward, I slid my palms down her sides and lifted the short skirt of the mini-dress to her waist.

She moaned out loud just as a good-looking couple entered. I had begun to cup my hand against her pussy. Her panties were soaking wet from the response of her body to my attack. I could smell her sex, a heady musk penetrating the air of the elevator. The pair who entered couldn’t help but stare at us – the woman surprised and intimidated, while her husband grinned at me with a mixture of envy and camaraderie. “Get some for me, buddy,” his expression seemed to say. For his benefit, I felt along the front of the mini-dress and gripped it hard, tearing the fabric down the front. Buttons popped off, revealing an expensive, satin and lace black bra. My little slut was definitely high-class. It made my corruption of her all the more delicious. 

And she was marked. Across her flat tummy, written in dark red lip-liner was the title I had given her long ago... “angelslut.” Written in big, bold, red across her tight belly, marking her as mine. Even from behind her I could see the lightly smudged purposely lower-case letters clearly reflected in the cold metal of the elevator walls. 

The woman was all the more shocked and repulsed, turning her eyes away from the sight of such a beautiful young body so shamelessly bared, and branded, and molested before her. But I could see the man almost salivate and covet me my prize. And he grew even more envious as he watched me thrust the enormous erection in my pants against her ass, my hands all over her firm young tits.

Having this pair watch as I corrupted this sweet girl was maddeningly hot. Up until that point she had been relatively passive, but just as my cock threatened to tear out of my pants, I felt her begin to grind her ass back against me. In a reflection of the polished metal on the elevator doors, I could see her give a sly grin to the man, her little pink tongue darting out to lick her red-stained lips. Just then, the elevator came to a stop at their floor. The disappointment of the man, and the relief of the woman, made both my slut-to-be and myself giggle. With his eyes trained on her, the man really didn’t look inclined to go anywhere, but his companion grabbed his arm and yanked him off the elevator with surprising force. Her disapproving cackle echoed even after the elevator doors had closed behind them.

Reaching down, I unzipped my pants to free my raging hard cock; it sprang up and slapped her between the thighs. Dropping to my knees, I pressed my face to her crotch, bit into her black, lacy panties with my teeth and ripped them right off her body. Pushing her thighs further apart, I let my long, flexible tongue lap at her wet pussy for a moment, just long enough for her to pant out a howl of pleasure. Then I was back on my feet behind her. My cockhead had swollen enormously, purple and oozing pre-cum as I pressed it forward against her pussy from behind. As I took her hips in both my hands preparing to thrust myself into her, the elevator jerked to a halt again. Not waiting to see who would be joining us next, I shoved the head of my cock into her tight little cunt. I had known she wasn’t a virgin, but I’d had no clue how deliciously tight she was going to be. Both of us groaned in lustful pleasure as three young men stepped into the elevator with us, dazed and confused by the sight that greeted them.


They were young, athletic, and good-looking. I imagine they might have been football players from some local college. One of them slipped on the discarded, torn panties on the floor, and my little angelslut giggled. Here we were, her master’s cock stuffed in her tight, hot little box while three strange men stared at us, and she was giggling. 

“You little whore.” I teased in her ear while I jerked my hips forward, continuing to slide my cock into her welcoming pussy an inch at a time. My hands reached around her, and I pulled down on the cups of her bra, yanking it so that the bra was under her tits, pushing the large, firm mounds still higher. Molesting her openly, I pulled back and then rammed forward. My cock was huge, hard, thick, and throbbing as it stretched her with every thrust, forcing her tight cavern to widen and stretch in order to accept me. 

The three guys were standing in front of her in a semi circle when I looked up. They were mesmerized by her reactions as I fucked her, their mouths agape as they took in the letters across her stomach, the perfection of those gorgeous tits, and the brazen way she was moaning for more. My lust was contagious, and the boys were unable to help reaching down to rub the quite obvious bulges that tented through the material of their jeans. And the amazing little slut in my arms was performing for them to the best of her ability, moaning and posing like a porn queen while her eyes assessed the size of the presents each of those college boys was aching to give her. 

I was more turned on than I’d ever been in my life and began to fuck forward violently, driving more and more of my cock, my huge, hard, throbbing cock, incredibly deep into her hot, wet, velvet cunt. Her small body jolted and shook from the brutal thrusts, and her gasps and groans turned into hot little yelps of pain-tinged pleasure. 

Drawing back out of her pussy, I held my long, obscenely thick cock in my hand and began to slap her sexy ass with it. Again and again, harder and harder, using my cock as a club to spank her sweet little bad-girl ass. Pre-cum splashed out and fell in molten drops on her bare assflesh

“Do you like that?” I demanded in a growl. “You love it, don’t you, little slut? Why don’t you tell our friends here what a slut you are for cock? Let them hear you beg for cock. Let them hear you beg for MY cock!”

Her lovely face turned over her shoulder, and I lifted one hand to her chin, my thumb smearing her bright red lipstick all around her face. 

“Yes.” She murmured in her sweet young voice “I want you to fuck me.” She sucked on my thumb submissively.

That was nowhere close to what I wanted.

“They can’t hear you.” I scolded, twisting her nipples and beginning to slam her ass with my cock. Both her ass and my cock were red and stinging, but it was unbearably hot as I stood there, smacking her, slapping her, spanking her luscious ass with my enormous cock. “You better let them hear you beg, baby.”

“Fuck me,” she managed, a little louder, each word giving her more volume and confidence. “Fuck me with your cock. It’s so BIG...so fucking HARD… I love it... I LOVE IT!” Then, turning back to those three strange boys, she continued. “I love cock. I love his huge cock fucking my tight cunt!” She let her tongue slide back and forth between her lipstick-smeared lips as she eyed the erections sported by our horny company. 

The young football studs glanced at me almost in unison. I was suddenly the coach of this elevator, and they were begging to be put into the game. I nodded at my three new best friends and they fumbled to undo their zippers. Each one had a cock worth bragging about. The one on the left was long, if somewhat thin; the schlong on the right was of average length, but thick as a horse. But, just like the third bowl of porridge in Goldilocks and the Three Bears, the cock of the man in the middle was just right. The boy was HUNG! He was massive in both length and girth. No hiding in the locker room for these kids.

With a masterful hand on her back, I leaned my angelslut forward until she was bent over at the waist, with her sweet ass poking high in the air toward me. Then, before she could steady herself, I shoved my giant cock all the way; balls deep, into her pussy. One vicious thrust. Like I planned, it forced her forward until her face was slapped by the cock of the boy in front of her. Letting out a strangled cry, she gulped in shock as I grabbed her by the hair and forced her mouth over the biggest cock the three boys had to offer. Her gasps and cries were muffled as I both pumped my cock into her pussy and forced her head forward to take that stranger’s cock deep into her china doll throat.

Grunting in rapture, the kid was only too happy to take over steering her head, as his hands replaced mine in her long brown hair. With both hands free again, I took hold of her hips and really started to FUCK her then. At the same time, the boy in front had his hands on either side of her face, driving his cock into her throat with equal lust. The other two, who had only been beating their meat before, now stepped forward eagerly, reaching down to play with her tits and pinch her nipples. Deciding it wasn’t fair to leave them with nothing, I grabbed my slut’s hands and placed each of them onto their two big erections.

There she was, bent over, one monster of a cock up her pussy, another huge cock down her throat, and one in each hand. Cock surrounded her, and her moaning left no doubt that she was in slut heaven.

Once more the elevator glided to its next port of call, and the doors slid open to admit a group of businessmen. My little slut couldn’t see anything while she was bent over getting the fucking of her life and issuing not just a blowjob, but two amazing handjobs as well. The group of four men just gaped and stared, standing in the middle of our impromptu orgy with crazed expressions. As we humped and pumped my sweet sexy slut, the businessmen looked at each other, smiled, and began to unzip as well, stroking their cocks while watching the show. 
It was like some animalistic ritual, wild and feral. I fucked her hot little pussy with sadistic glee. “Can you believe this, slut?” I taunted her. “You got a cock in your pussy, one in your moth, one in each hand, and a whole bunch more watching you and jacking off.” And it was true. She moaned in response, while the gangbang continued. She was loving every minute of it.

The elevator continued to rise and fall, but there was no more room for anyone to enter, unless someone got off (pun intended) and no one was leaving. What people could or couldn’t see as the doors slid open and closed on our packed house, I couldn’t tell. All I knew was that next time I’d have to pick a location where my little slut could have a bigger audience. 

As it was, there was only a little space about us, just enough room for all of us to be fucking her in our own ways. Her sweet body had been shuddering from one orgasm after another, and she must have cum half a dozen times. The three students began to pull together as a team, switching places so that each stud had the chance to be in her mouth. My cock alone was relentless, fucking her…pounding into her…ramming jamming slamming into her…fucking her hard and deep with my cock…my COCK…my HUGE HARD COCK as it seemed to expand and grow bigger and BIGGER with each massive thrust.

And there were men all around her, cocks all around her, inside her. Every pair of hungry male eyes were on her, huge hard dicks, each of them praying for a turn. But it was my cock, my COCK, that selfishly filled her pussy, and my cock that I knew was on her mind. I knew then, as I know now, that she was doing this just for me. Just to please me, because I had found a way to let out the wild slutty angel that was hiding inside the bored little rich girl. Her excitement was increased tenfold knowing that I was turning her into my personal cock-crazy, cum-loving little slut. The china doll was broken forever. And all the king’s horses and all the king’s men were going to slam their cocks into her before they gave any thought to putting her back together again.

“Beg for it,” I demanding harshly, my voice loud and eerily human amid all the animal sounds of pumping and fucking and grunting. “Beg for my cock, beg for all their cocks. Tell everyone how much you need it. Tell us all what a slut you are."

And she did, compliant and debased as any dime store tramp as she pulled a cock out of her mouth to obey me. She begged. She begged for cock. She begged for big hard cock. She begged for a taste, she begged for us to continue, she begged for it in her mouth, in her pussy and in both hands. But, most of all, she begged for my cock. For MY cock to keep fucking her. She told them all what a slut she was for cock. What a slut she was for MY cock. That she was my slut and she couldn’t get enough. She told everyone that she was MY cock-crazy, cum-loving personal whore. She was a dream come true - almost too much for a man to take, and I could see the disbelief in the faces around her. All of them seemed to expect this to turn out to be some porno version of Candid Camera. They couldn’t believe this was just my little angelslut, being all she ever wanted to be.

“Good girl.” I complimented, stroking a hand through her hair. “I have a special treat for you now.” 

Ignoring her protests, I slowly slid my cock out of her tight pussy and motioned to the college kid with the biggest cock to get on the floor. Here was this young man – a boy she didn’t even know, despite the fact that she’d been sucking on his cock like a starving woman, ready to do whatever I told him to. I ordered him to lie on his back and he wasted no time. He had one incredibly huge cock standing at attention between his thighs, and I wondered if she was going to be able to handle what I had in store for her.

I ordered her to straddle him and she hesitated a moment, looking at me. Those big eyes excited at the prospect, but unsure. Placing my hands on her shoulders, I nodded and forced her down, whispering that it would please me. That she was doing it for me. That I wanted to watch my angelslut ride this bull of a cock and see how well she could take it. Her desire to please me, and the greedy lust to have that impossibly long and thick cock stretch her wide open erased any further hesitation.

Shimmying forward, she inched up his legs until her dripping cunt was right above his cock. Keeping my hands on her shoulders, I pushed down, watching as the head of that massive cock pressed into her pussy lips and parted them. Her howling groan turned into a soft scream as I continued to force her downward, impaling her cunt on his big rod. Inch after inch of that big fucker forced it’s way into her cunt, which would have been impossible if I hadn’t been stretching it for the previous twenty minutes. But by then she was wide open and wet, and I pressed down hard…Hard…HARDER…forcing her to take every inch of that huge cock, balls deep into her well-fucked pussy. 
