 I.

The Emperor's second wife, Mei-xiu, had from the very start been everyone's favorite. Her beauty was unmatched, both what formal visitors could glimpse of her luxuriously dressed form, and what intimates knew of her naked body's beauty-- long, shapely legs, small upturned breasts with lively nipples, and smooth skin, almost hairless from head to toe. All who spent even a few moments in her presence were struck by her eyes and her ability to smile -- in ways ranging from kindly and amused to the mischievous, lustful looks that always promised some sensual delight. 

In two days time, she would be the center of a special celebration -- her husband had told her that much. Not a birthday or anniversary, or public holiday, but just a day he had designated for her. While she did not know the particulars, she knew how much her husband shared her appetites for sensual pleasure and she was certain that the night would be spectacular. 

When the emperor had told her the exciting news they had been enjoying the final moments of a morning's lovemaking. She was sitting in the lap of a palace guardsman, his slender cock buried deep in her ass. Her husband was reclining a few feet away as two maidservants attended to his person. One of the two tiny maids, Sui Lin, was teasing at his nipples, moving back and forth between them, sucking or pinching or pulling at one nipple or the other. The other maid held his cock in her small hands, very slowly stroking its length, her eyes fixed on the pearl of cum gathering at its tip. Mei-xiu rocked gently to and fro on the soldier's cock, stopping to lean forward and kiss her husband's cockhead. She sucked away the liquid as the maiden worked the emperor's shaft up and down. "Drink up, my darling." He said. "Nothing makes me happier than to see you pleasuring yourself with cum." He grunted and his legs stiffened. 

The maid pumped her hands more quickly, gripping his member with all her might. Mei-xiu pulled her head back several inches and waited for his seed. Sui Lin, the smaller maid, alerted by her master's twisting body, bit down gently on one nipple and twisted the other firmly with her fingers. His cum poured out of his cock, hitting Mei-xiu's lips and chin as she leant forward again. The semen pulsed out in three more jets, covering his second wife's face, some splashing back and pouring down his cock. He swatted the ass of the small maid to stop her sucking on his nipple. Giggling, she made one last twist, before dropping down to join the other servant still pumping on their master's cock. 

She rubbed her fingers in the slippery liquid, and moved further down to kneel in front of the palace guard, still working his cock in and out of Mei-xiu's ass. As the emperor's cock softened, the maid whose stroking had brought him to orgasm now used her hands to gather up the emperor's cum and feed it to her mistress. Sui Lin's cum slickened fingers found the guardsman's ass, and she rubbed around his tight hole, to prepare him. She straightened the fingers of her tiny hand and inserted the tips of her fingers in his ass. She pressed forward, burying her entire hand, closing her fingers into a fist once her hand had vanished to its wrist. Opening and closing her fist, she twisted her hand in small motions, studying the veins in his cock, visible when Mei-xiu's asshole lifted up enough to reveal the bottom of his shaft. His cock swelled as his ass gripped harder on her wrist and she soon felt his first spasm. She pumped her fist slowly, trying to match the rhythm of his next few spasms as he poured his cum in Mei-xiu's ass. The maid would keep her hand buried in his ass for several minutes more, forcing the last of his liquid from his balls. His cock stayed hard from her efforts, but its swelling diminished, allowing the cum in Mei-xiu's ass to begin to empty from her bowels. 

As the Emperor stood up, gathering his robes around his shrunken, drying cock, the second maiden joined Sui Lin at the job of lapping up the soldier's cum so that they could carry it in their mouths to his wife''s waiting lips. "That cum will have to hold you until tomorrow night," he said. "Don't look for the servants to give you any more before then. They are under strictest orders to preserve themselves for what we have in store for you." Her husband smiled as he turned to leave the chamber, with Mei-xiu still rocking on the soldier's cock. "And that includes your man here. Ride him all day if you can, but he will not come for you again if he wishes to retain his role as one of our morning servants." With that the soldier thrust forward as if to nod agreement. 

II.

The Emperor's second wife's love of cum was well known throughout the imperial household. Many servants were needed to furnish and collect the semen used each week to fill her bath, and no secret was made of her fascination with the intoxicating liquid. And so Chao was not surprised when he received the summons from the Emperor's mother-in-law, his cum-loving mistress' mother. Rarely did more than three days pass without his involvement in some sexual game, or a session of milking by one of the palace maidservants whose duty it was to fill small bowls with semen from the many soldiers and servants throughout the royal grounds. 

Ju, his mistress's mother, had been the one who had brought him to the palace after discovering him on one of her trips throughout the countryside. Her unofficial role in the palace was to find and arrange servants with particular sexual skills. His rather unique (there were four other similarly suitable men she had found in her travels) skills was the almost unlimited ability to produce semen. His cock was large, but not extraordinarily so. His balls, however, were quite massive, and made his cock seem undersized in comparison. In fact, when Sui Lin, the maidservant from our previous scene who had been accompanying Madame Ju on her search for new servants, first presented Chao as a worthy candidate, Madame Ju had thought his appearance comical. But Sui Lin, whose judgments in these matters was never wrong had said, "Watch and you will see," Madame Ju stopped smiling and took on the serious, expectant demeanor of a theater spectator in the moment before the curtain's rise.

In the courtyard of the large inn where Chao worked twenty young men had gathered once the rumor of the palace visitors arrival had spread. It was not the first time that Madame Ju had stopped here: some 18 months previously she had found a local farmer's son and taken him back to the capital with her. His family's lands had doubled and his father's debts were all paid from the money the son sent from his new home. The twenty young men laughed and joked as they waited in the yard. While Madame Ju was served wine in the dining hall of the inn, the three young maids she traveled with came out into the open yard, and walked among the men. All had grown quiet, as the maids got to work. Politely, they excused a dozen men from the crowd, their faces too rough or leering, perhaps. These made no protest as they walked away. The young women ran their hands against the bodies of the remaining men, and through some undisclosed method, eliminated another ten from the group. Eight remained, and these were instructed to strip naked, which they promptly did. 

What followed was almost mechanical as the three maidservants stroked the members of the assembled men. One tall strapping lad came so quickly, the maid could barely drop to her knees in time to catch one jet of his fluid in her mouth. She swirled the creamy liquid in her mouth a moment, tasting carefully before she spat it neatly on the ground. She pumped his cock more vigorously, as he danced about discharging as his member shrank in her grip. She turned and took up a second cock, fully erect, that belonged to a wide-eyed baker's apprentice. All about the courtyard the slapping noise of hands on cocks and the grunting, labored breathing of the men was heard. It was then that Sui Lin had discovered the particular talent of young Chao.

Her approach to the matter was to tug on a candidate's cock slightly before running her hand between his legs to handle his balls. In Chao she discovered two massive eggs. He shifted his feet wider apart, and bent at the knees as she brought both hands down to play with his testicles. His cock grew stiff, and stretching upwards no longer seemed so much out of proportion to his massive balls. Even then Sui Lin knew that Chao was likely to be joining them on the return trip to the palace, but more surprises were to follow. 

The taste of his semen alone would have earned him selection -- it was sweetly-salty with almost none of the bitterness common to an unprepared man. She knew, by the mix of white and clear fluid that this was sperm that had waited days, even weeks in his balls. More surprising, though, was the fact that he stayed hard in her hands long after the last liquid had dribbled free. She reached under again to lift his still heavy balls. She had only tapped the reservoir of come stored there. His second come would be his full load. While the other maids continued their measuring of the remaining men, she worked on, gripping Chao's cock with both hands, alternately wringing its girth and pumping its full length. When she seemed to tire a moment, Chao touched her hand and brought her thumb up to the spongy head of his cock. He had her press and rub there gently as the other hand continued wringing and pumping at turns. Soon, she was rewarded in her labors by a long eruption of new sperm. The taste was sweeter still, and Sui Lin treated herself to one full swallow of his sap. Her movements slowed on his cock as she set to empty him. She touched his balls once more, curious to see how much smaller they would feel but instead, found them almost undiminished in size! She looked up at the gently smiling Chao, who now casually gripped his own cock in hand and continued to pump. It was then that she had brought him to Madame Ju's attention.

*

Note: There is more to come. Remember, the story is about a celebration with all of this attempting to set the scene. I am a new writer, so please let me know if I am onto something here. Your comments will be appreciated! 