 He was working on designs for a new office building but his mind was constantly being diverted to wondering whose email he was to receive tonight. All he could think about was undressing and playing with his cock as he read and answered the messages that were always there. He had been corresponding with a number of single men and women in addition to a couple and had been having regular cybersex with them for quite a while now. When he started computer sex, about a year after his wife died, it was strictly with women but gradually he began to enjoy looking at cocks when he went to various sites and soon found that he wanted cock as much as pussy and started having cybersex with guys and found it as stimulating as any with women. 

Ron Peterson and Sandy had been married for 7 years when her car had been run over by a runaway trailer truck on the parkway. They had an ideal marriage and had known each other since high school when he was on the football team and she was the head cheerleader and Ron had been devastated by what happened to her. He had thrown himself fully into his work ever since and it took a very long time before he started to get the old feeling in his loins again. Since he had absolutely no time to meet anyone and didn't like hookers, he started by masturbating while on the computer as it was his only outlet and a very safe one at that. 

After a while, he looked forward to his computer sessions and soon found that his cock got hard as soon as he saw an email from one or more of his cyberlovers. He bought himself a digital camera and traded photos of his cock and body up to the neck and had a great collection of cocks and pussies of all his cyberlovers. He loved getting naked and playing with his insatiable penis as he read and then answered his lovers. He would usually cum two or three times a night during the sessions and would go to bed with a satisfied smile on his face.

He worked until around nine and then, as usual, had dinner in the neighborhood Italian restaurant since they stayed open late and then walked the two blocks to his building. As soon as he checked his messages and looked at the mail, he stripped off his clothes and sat down to check his box for mail. Sure enough there was a message from Joe, who loved cyber sucking his cock every chance he got and, knowing how much Ron loved his penis also, always sent one or two new photos of his precum welling up in his slit in beautiful closeup shots and his beautiful organ erupting with his cum streams frozen in mid air. 

He held his thick erection in his hand as he read what Joe was doing to him and then he answered him and was oozing delicious precum all through his oral worship of Joe's beautiful penis. After sending the message, he opened one of the photos that Joe had sent and enlarged it to full screen as he licked and sucked every inch of it as well as his full, tight balls while he stroked himself to Nirvana and shot hot cum all over his stomach and thighs. 

Then he opened an email from Myra, a married gal who was bisexual and wasn't satisfied with the sex her husband gave her. She loved to create threesomes for them with another gal so she could have her cock and pussy as well and she never failed to get him horny with her descriptive writing style. This time it was a gal named Terry who she met on the train coming home from work. Myra had called him from the station and asked if he could pick them up as they would like to come over for a while. When he pulled up to the curb, he saw a very attractive blonde with a wicked body standing alongside Myra, who was no slouch herself. The two beauties piled into the car and a few minutes later he was unlocking the door to the house. 

"I called my husband and told him that I'm stuck at the office and would home late tonight so I have the entire evening free", Myra said as soon as the door closed behind them. 

She also told him that on the train ride, she and Terry had found that their vibes for each other led them to talk very freely and that, if he didn't mind watching for a while, she and Terry would like to get to know one another better. 

"You know damn well that I love to watch you with another woman just as much as you like to watch me with another guy" , he said with a smile. 

Myra walked over to Terry and the two of them looked into each other's eyes a long time before Terry's hand encircled Myra's breast and they tenderly kissed. The soft kiss gradually turned into a deep soul kiss as both of them ran their hands over their bodies. Then Myra reached up and started unfastening the buttons of Terry's blouse and Terry started doing the same to her. As more and more of their beautiful bodies were exposed, Ron's cock was bursting through his pants so he quietly removed his clothes also and lightly stroked his erection as he watched them from a sofa chair across the room. Terry lay down on the carpet and Myra lay down alongside her and began to run her hands over Terry's magnificent, full breasts and tweak her enormous erect nipples. They soul kissed again and then suddenly Myra pulled away and said, 

"I can't wait any longer, I have to taste you!" and, with that, turned around and dipped her head between Terry's sexy thighs. 

Ron's penis was jerking in passion as he watched Terry's eyes glaze over as Myra started orally worshipping her cunt. 

"I love what you're doing to me. Please don't stop." she told Myra and then reached out and pulled Myra's crotch within reach. 

"I want to taste you also." she said as she turned on her side and they rested their heads on each other's thighs as they licked and sucked their pussies. 

Ron could see Terry's eyes from between Myra's legs as she lapped at the delicious cunt and every once in a while she would look at him and smile with her eyes as she buried her tongue deep inside the tasty pussy and Myra's gasps and muffled moans would turn them both on. They lost themselves in each other for quite some time before Terry started quivering and moaning as her orgasm took her away on a wild ride and she fed her juices to the hungry mouth at her crotch. As she shook in ecstasy, Myra joined her and surprised Terry with the quantity of her cunt juices. Terry didn't miss a beat and sucked up every drop that flowed down the passage and the two of them went off to that special place together. They lay there with their mouths still glued to each other for a long time after their orgasms abated and then Terry pulled her mouth from Myra's cunt as she exclaimed, 

"Look at our audience! It looks like he's about to cum also!" 

Myra got up and both of them looked at Ron whose penis was throbbing and jerking. 

"I think he's been a very good boy and deserves some attention, don't you?" Myra said as she walked over and straddled one of his legs and reached down to grasp his thick penis in her hand. 

Terry came over and straddled his other leg and both of them took turns playing with his erection and balls. He told them that, after the show they just put on, it wasn't going to take much to make him cum so Myra got up and picked up a coin from the table and asked Terry to call it in the air. 

"Heads! You win Terry so you can have the honor of his first load tonight and I'll wait til later", she told her. 

Terry got down between his spread thighs and started licking him from his tight balls all the way up his thickness to the swollen head. When she found a drop of precum sitting in his slit, she quickly licked it up before it could drop and exclaimed with joy, 

"His precum is like nectar! I love its flavor!" 

Myra told her that his precum was her personal favorite and she looked forward to tasting it every time she was with him. Terry went back to nursing on his crown and squeezing up as much precum as she could before she started to try and swallow as much of his meat as she could take. Myra crawled up on the arms of the chair and pushed her wet cunt to his mouth and began to sensuously face fuck him as Terry sucked deeply on his organ. With his face covered with delicious cunt and his nostrils breathing in her heady scent while Terry was doing such a wonderful job on his penis, he was lost in pleasure and his orgasm came rushing up the pipe as his penis began spurting hot cum into her hungry mouth. 

She kept voraciously sucking deeply on his penis to get as much cum juices as possible and finally he had to gently withdraw his organ as it needed rest for a while. He continued eating Myra until she shuddered and released another torrent of her hot juices which he happily lapped up. 

While relaxing, he asked Terry if she was married and she told him that she was and added, 

"I want you to meet my husband because I want to watch the two of you have beautiful sex just like Myra and I just had." 

Ron asked about her husband and was told that he was just about Ron's size and had a cock very similar to his only maybe a little thicker. 

"Oh my, I'm going to have to meet him also" Myra exclaimed and Terry told her that she couldn't wait for the two of them to work her husband over. 

Then Myra told Ron that she wanted him to fuck her and got down and sucked his penis good and hard before she straddled him and lowered her cunt to his hard pole. She rode him like she was riding on a saddle and then cried out as she bore down on his thickness and wet him with her juices. After giving her time to recover, Terry tapped her on the shoulder and asked, "May I cut in?" as Myra reluctantly lifted herself off the gorgeous erection which was covered with her orgasmic offering. Terry took her place and sighed deeply as she lowered herself on the thick, smooth penis. 

She fucked him with long, deep thrusts and both of them went off on a pleasure trip together as she whimpered and moaned each time his cock was buried deep inside her and his cock tip brushed against her cervix. Then she suddenly bore down on him as her orgasm overcame her and she wet his organ with her juices. Her cunt kept contracting around his penis as she slowly came back to earth and then Myra tapped her on the shoulder, saying, 

"Now it's my turn to drink his juices" and, as Terry slowly lifted herself off the throbbing erection, Myra got down on her knees and began licking her juices off his penis before swallowing as much of his delicious meat as possible while bobbing her head up and down on his rod.

Terry had done a wonderful job on his organ and had kept him high and horny all through her fucking and now Myra was taking over and sending him up on another fantastic trip with her talented and very hungry mouth. She had once told him that she completely loses herself when she has a delicious cock in her mouth and that she actually enters a very special world of extreme pleasure which she would like to stay in forever. Right now, she was proving her point and had him totally in her power with her mouth, throat and tongue. He was in another world and slowly but surely felt his orgasm approaching. She started to deep throat him and swallow around his organ giving him a milking sensation in his cock and he gave himself up to the pleasures she was providing. 

She moved only slightly in an up and down motion with her head but with her throat muscles milking his shaft at the same time, his penis suddenly erupted in a series of spurts shooting ropes of hot cum down her throat with each spasm. She greedily gulped down each load and then squeezed his shaft from the base up to bring up the last drops of his juices as she nursed on his cockhead. Then both of them had to get home so they cleaned up and dressed while he watched them, in a state of exhaustion, from the chair. 

By the time he finished reading her fantasy, his penis was throbbing and he was ready for another session. He grasped his thick, long shaft in his hand and felt its aliveness and warmth and didn't want to let go. He knew how to keep himself high for long periods of time without cumming, especially after a previous orgasm so he stroked his shaft and pulled on his balls while rereading Myra's story and kept himself high and very hot. After finishing her story for the second time, he decided to open his photo program and looked at some photos of Myra's gorgeous spread and close-ups of her pussy and anus. He took out his favorite toy, his Fleshlight, and lubed it before inserting his throbbing organ and then sat back in his desk chair and fantasized that he was fucking Myra as he moved the toy up and down on his erection. 

He wound up sucking her pussy and asshole before he put his cock inside her and a short time later, he erupted with another series of spasms which shot streams of cum deep inside his toy. By this time, he was tired and went right to bed to watch the late news before falling asleep with thoughts of Joe, Myra and Terry as well as others on his mind. Just before falling asleep, he thought about tomorrow night and whose emails he would receive and he couldn't wait and wanted the time to pass quickly. 

The next day was a busy one and he had been lost in work all day and before he knew it, it was night and almost time to leave. After dinner at Alfredo's, he headed home at a quick pace as he was anxious to see whose messages were waiting and who he would be having sex with tonight. He undressed and slipped on his terry robe, leaving it open and sat down at the computer and opened his mail. There was an email from Angela and Marco, a bi couple from Rio, who loved having a threesome from time to time. This fantasy involved he and Marco putting on a show for Angela who watched while using a vibrator. Marco was on top of him feeding him his beautiful penis while sucking his cock from base to tip and pulling his mouth from Ron's throbbing cock from time to time to tell him how delicious he tasted. Angela's eyes were riveted to her husband's mouth around my organ and she would utter something like, 

"Marco darling, suck that beautiful cock for me. I want to watch you bring him to orgasm and swallow his cum." as she moved the vibrator in and out of her wet cunt. 

Marco told him how much he loved sucking his cock especially while his was being so well taken care of also. They sucked each other to heaven and took one another on one high after another until suddenly Marco's thick organ began spewing ropes of cum into Ron's eager mouth and he swallowed load after load until there was no more. Just as Marco finished his last spasm, Ron exploded in orgasm and fed the wonderful mouth his offering which was gulped down hungrily. Then they heard Angela cry out that she was cumming and they watched her as she squirmed and shuddered with the vibrator on high and deep inside her hole as she rubbed her clit with her thumb. 

He decided to have a return session with them and started writing them his answer while licking up the copious amount of precum that had started oozing out his slit. He wanted to fuck Angela while Marcos fucked him and it didn't take long for him to get into the fantasy. His cock was throbbing and felt so good, he found it hard to let it go and get back to typing but the thought of having his organ buried deep inside Angela while feeling Marco's thick cock moving around in his ass was enough to keep him in the story. He decided to really get into it and lit up a joint and took a deep hit. 

A few minutes later, it was like he was really fucking her while being fucked and he fully entered the world of fantasy and experienced the fabulous sensations he found there. When Marco's organ started shooting hot cum deep in his ass, he buried his cock deep inside Angela and let go his load which triggered her orgasm and the three of them went off to another world together. 

After sending off the email, he looked at some of the photos that they had sent him while savoring the nectar that was flowing out of his slit. Then he lubed his organ and slowly stroked it from the base to the crown while pulling on his balls. He was so hot from reading their fantasy as well as writing them back that it didn't take long before his juices worked their way up his shaft and he started spraying cum all over his thighs and stomach. 

After cleaning up and resting awhile, he went back to his box and noticed a message from Tanya, who was a TV he had been writing to for some time. She, (and he always referred to her as a she), had an absolutely gorgeous body which was totally female with large, full breasts except for a thick, 8" penis and a pair of beautiful balls. He hadn't seen her face yet but her body was enough to get him off. He loved sucking her cock while looking up at her fabulous breasts and sexy nipples. Tanya provided almost everything he desired in a sex partner. The only thing that would be better would be a beautiful hermaphrodite who could offer everything he could possibly desire but since he hadn't met one yet, he loved having cybersex with Tanya. This time, she dropped in to fuck him and her vivid description of how she felt as she moved her thick organ in and out of his ass had his penis awake immediately. 

He started playing with his cock as he read her fantasy and was soon off on another beautiful high as she told him how good her cock felt in his warm, comfortable ass and how good his cock felt in her hand as she stroked him. Her descriptions had his precum flowing and he was enjoying the delicious nectar as he read. Tanya loved to get into minute descriptions of feelings and actions and her fantasies were long but he loved every minute of them as they kept him in that beautiful world of sensation and pleasure for quite some time. Suddenly, her cock swelled and began spurting cum into his ass and with the first splash, his orgasm overcame him and he shot a load all over the sheet as she stroked his thick shaft until his last spasm ended. 

By the time he finished her email, he was hot and his cock was fully erect, throbbing and begging for attention but, since Tanya had fucked him so beautifully, he decided that she deserved a good blow job in return so he had her lay back and relax as he took his time and started licking her from her gorgeous breasts and nipples down to her fantastic, thick erection and full balls. He was stroking his throbbing penis between sentences and enjoying the flavor of her precum as it welled up out of her cock slit. Then he started deep throating her magnificent organ and slowly worked the cum out of her balls. She cried out as her orgasm overcame her and her thick penis began spurting streams of delicious cum into his waiting mouth which he hungrily swallowed until her penis stopped jerking and the cum streams ended. 

He held her cock in his mouth until it started to soften and then let it slip out as he lifted his head and smiled at her as he rose. He sent off the message and, since he had been dripping precum all through the story, he decided it was time for release so he opened his photo program and put a picture of her on full screen so that he could enjoy looking at her as he stroked to orgasm. It didn't take long before his balls emptied and he shot rope after rope of his cum over his thighs and stomach. Then he cleaned up and went to sleep with a satisfied smile and thoughts of who he would be having sex with tomorrow night.

As usual, he threw himself fully into his work and the next day passed quickly. He decided, as a change of pace, to try the Spanish restaurant a few doors down and after a delicious meal of shrimps al ajillo, he entered his apartment and headed directly for the computer to check his mail. Sure enough there was a message from Bob and one from Myra so he stripped off his clothes and sat down at the computer to play and read. He read Bob's first as he loved the way he described sex with him and always got him in the mood real fast. Bob dropped in to 69 with him and as he read the email, he started to ooze precum which he brought to his lips each time it appeared in his slit. Bob described in detail how his cock felt in his mouth and how good it tasted. 
