 Dinner Out With Alice and Robert

Less than a block away Rosa rolled the short hem of her skirt up past the tops of her new stockings revealing her bare thighs. She saw his glance and to provoke him further, moved the skirt several more inches. He glanced again and saw her exposed pussy.

"Nice," he said, watching the road again. "I like a girl who dates sans underwear."

Reaching for his right hand, she brought it down to touch her bare pussy. Although he left it there he didn't bother to dig into her, instead he told her coolly that their reservation was for 9:30, and if they were late it was going to the next party asking for a table.

She was not put off by this, saying, "It will always be there and wet for you, Dutch." And to herself she thought, 'Thank you Sharon, that cream certainly did its job. I'm looking forward to having his big cock in me and the sooner the better.'

"That's great," he said with a grin on his face.

"Can I ask you a serious question?"

"Sure," he said.

"What's your real name, Dutch?"

He laughed and moved his finger along her moist slit. "My name's really Bob, but I prefer Dutch. I got it while in the Navy a few years back."

Rose slid forward on the car seat and captured part of his finger in her cunt. She tried using some kegels on it, but didn't succeed.

"You're too much," he laughed, and rearranged his cock in his pants. "We're almost there, better cover up I don't want the kid parking the car to have a heart attack."

***

The restaurant was filled to capacity when they arrived. "Rosa, I'd like you to meet two very good friend of mine, Alice and Robert Ruark."

"I'm very pleased to meet you, Rosa Thorenson," Rosa said shaking Alice's hand and taking in the black woman's beautiful features. Alice, for her part, was dissecting Rosa's body with a view toward ravishing her. 'The sooner the better,' she told herself, as she made complementary remarks about Rosa's dress.

Robert remained standing while the women continued light a conversation while they evaluated each other. Then he took her hand in his and kissed it. Rosa felt a slight tingle, imagining his mouth elsewhere and found she was very impressed with Dutch's friends.

Dutch told Rosa. "For your information and not because I'm bragging about them, Alice is an attorney here in town and Robert is a doctor, a surgeon actually. We go back to when we were both in the navy together."

"I've known Alice for several years now. I guess we met just before they were married. Is that about right Alice?"

"Um, absolutely," she took a sip from her drink, then added, "just before the wedding actually. Dutch had another dear friend who unfortunately for everyone concerned passed away shortly after our wedding."

"A woman?" Rosa asked, and kicked herself for doing so.

"Oh, no, Marty . . . he was a wonderful guy, a wonderful guy."

Another round of drinks was ordered, and quiet prevailed as they perused their menus. The drinks arrived and general conversation about the stock market and recent movies ensued.

While discussing the merits of a particular blue chip stock with Robert, Dutch felt a hand on his lap. It took a second for him to determine it was Rosa's hand and by then his fly was open and he felt the cooler air surround his swollen glans. In a flash her hand was discretely pumping his fat cock.

He looked at her but she paid scant attention to him, seemingly engrossed in a conversation with Alice. He had to struggle to continue his own conversation with his friend. A moment later, Rosa was whispering in his ear.

"I'm going to make you come."

"Excuse me?" He managed to say.

"Yes," she whispered just loud enough for him to hear, "I'm going to make you shoot on the floor."

"Oh, yes," he said. "I'm thinking about it."

"Hey, you two, no fair with the secret talk stuff already. You hardly know each other." That was Robert.

Alice knew something was going on, but hadn't zeroed in on it.

"We're just touching on a subject from earlier in the day," Rosa said smiling broadly. And having diverted everyone, she quickened her pace, while Dutch struggled not to let his friend in on their secret.

He let his hand drop off the table an onto Rosa's lap.

"Hey!" Rosa cried out, "No funny stuff, at least not in public!"

The black couple looked knowingly at each other and politely laughed while Dutch flushed, embarrassed more by Rosa's deft handling of the situation then of his prick, which was now full blown and throbbing enroute to ejaculating.

"You are so sweet though," Rosa squeaked and kissed him on the cheek and then on the neck. Dutch used this as an excuse to return his hand to her lap and groped her pussy, searching in vain for her clit.

"But still a little fresh," she said and slapped his hand away again. Alice chuckled, but wished it were her hand on Rosa's lap. Robert had formed a mental image of Rosa tied to his bed spread-eagled as he and Alice devoured her. Neither suspected what was actually going on.

Rosa had cupped his testicles and when her fingers walked along his scrotum and neared his asshole, Dutch erupted, gushing long ropes of jizm on the bottom of the tablecloth, the floor, and his shoes. Rosa slyly placed her hand back on the table and tried to jerk it away when Alice grabbed it and gave it a lick.

"What?" Rosa gasped.

"You had some wine on your hand."

"I don't ..."

"Please don't be offended I was only fooling around."

Robert had a puzzled expression on his face. Dutch had to fight off a big smile. And even with her dusky complexion it was evident to everyone that Rosa was blushing. While at the same time Dutch was discretely trying to put his member back in his shorts and zip up without calling attention to himself.

Gulping her drink down, Rosa got up from the table. "Dutch, order me another drink please. I have to go to the powder room."

He watched her walk across the room, his mind on her utter wantonness. He caught the waiter's eye and ordered the drink, then excused himself to follow her.

With his long strides he easily overtook her.

"Dutch!" she cried as he came up behind her, pushing her into the bathroom and locking the door behind them.

"What are you doing?"

"What do you think I'm doing?" He grinned, undoing his pants. "You're a fucking tease tonight aren't you?" With a sigh, he released his swollen cock. "Come and get this," he said in a hoarse voice.

She shook her head. "Someone might come by . . ."

But she was fascinated by the rapid recovery his turgid cock had made as it jerked nervously in front of her. She swallowed hard, her own desires threatening to overwhelm her.

"We shouldn't."

Even as she spoke the words she was raising her dress. He pushed her up against the sink,

and after raising her short skirt over her ass, ran his hands over her plump cheeks. Then he entered her. She moaned, closing her eyes as he began to pump in and out of her. He ran his hands under her breasts, cupping them through the fabric of her dress. He watched her face in the mirror over the sink, watched his hands roaming across her body. Her lovely eyes fluttered open and joined his in watching the mirror. He watched and pounded into her harder, feeling her pussy muscles clench and refuse to release his shaft. Looking up quickly into her eyes, he watched as she began to come.

"Dutch . . . oh God . . . Dutch . . . fuck . . ."

"Come!" he growled and then leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Come, Rosa . . . let me feel you come, baby . . . you're so fucking hot . . . come for me!"

Rosa arched and then screamed as her body, which had become so tense, finally let go and inside she exploded in a sensual release. Her body shook hard, and she reached out to hold onto him, digging her nails brutally into his forearms. Rosa's breathing changed, her body began to shake and shudder as she continued to come. Grabbing the hand towel off the towel rack, he folded it lengthwise into fourths, sliding it between her teeth to muffle her cries. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he held her through the orgasm, then started pumping into even her harder, faster, using a finger to stroke her clit, making her squirm and groan even more.

She began to relax and he moaned softly in her ear, kissing her cheek as her pussy released his cock enough so he could move again. She wiggled a little, and he moved his arms, letting her legs go. Immediately, she wrapped them back around his waist, and she was thrusting her whole body against his.

"Your turn," she said smiling as her fingertips traced his nipples through his shirt.

"You're so hot and wet," he mumbled as he slowly found himself getting lost in the feelings.

"Feels so good . . . I don't want to stop this feeling . . ."

She playfully pinched one of his nipples as her other hand moved down to her sopping pussy, reaching to touch his cock as if to reassure herself that it was still firmly lodged inside her. She felt him shiver, and smiled.

Dutch pulled back until only the head of his cock was inside her - planning on driving himself back into her - when he felt her hand surround his cock. He looked at her and moaned loudly when she squeezed the head inside of her pussy and stroked his cock quickly with her hand. He tried to remain still as she jerked him into her pussy, and with each upward stroke; her knuckles banged into his balls, sending shock waves through him. Her grip, both on the outside and inside became tighter, and he closed his eyes. His cock twitched as she pulled it out of her hot pussy and rubbed it up and down her slit, stopping to slap it against her swollen clit.

"Fuck, Oh . . . Rosa," he growled and bent his head down, burying it in her neck as he started to come in convulsive movements.

Rosa stroked him, wishing she could see what she was feeling-his hot, thick come hitting her hand and stomach. She rubbed her palm over his swollen head, spreading his seed against his smooth skin as she enjoyed his hot breath against her neck. His body moved heavily against hers, and she wrapped her arms around him, rubbing his back with her wet hand as he pushed his arms under her and held her tight before rolling onto his side.

She smiled at him, and he leaned forward and kissed her softly, still trying to catch his breath. Their bodies were stuck together by their combined juices and entwined limbs as they kissed each other lightly, tasting and enjoying their closeness.

"Wow," she said as she stroked his cheek.

"Yeah, wow." His fingers were in her hair, but his eyes were lost in hers, "Multo wow!"

"I knew we were awesome together, but still, this was . . . wow!" she said as she snuggled against him, her cheek against his.

"Awesome doesn't quite describe what we've got."

"Oh, shit!"

"What's wrong baby?" he asked.

"Alice and Robert . . . they'll be wondering what the hell's going on."

He laughed and picked her up by her waist. "Naw, they know me. And I'll bet they know exactly what happened in here."

"You know them that well?"

"I know them very well." He said still smiling.

"Have . . . you slept with her?"

"Is that a problem?"

"Well, no. But I wish I'd known. I wouldn't have fooled around at the table."

"I'm glad you did."

"Yes, but . . . "Rosa was smoothing her dress down against her thighs. "She probably knew exactly what I was doing." She turned to examine herself in the mirror.

Dutch put his arm around her. "I know one thing about her."

She had her lipstick out and was carefully tracing it over the earlier coating. "And what is that?"

"She's bi-sexual."

"She is?"

"Yup, and damned if she doesn't have her eyes on you."

"How can you know this?"

"Like I said, I know the woman quite well."

Rosa considered what he had said and putting her lipstick in her purse, said, "We had better get back there."

He left the bathroom before she did, rejoining the Ruark's with a grin on his face. When she emerged, she was walking carefully, and he remembered that she had no underwear on.

"I think she's hot too," she whispered as she passed his chair and joined the rest of the group.

"What was that?" Alice asked.

"She said she thinks the two of you are hot." Dutch grinned and winced when Rosa elbowed him in the ribs.

***

After dinner they left to find another place with a dance band. Rosa found Robert to be a better than average dancer and when the band broke into a rumba she became highly aroused as he swept her around the dance floor. Before the dance ended she had felt his cock pressing into her side and upper thigh. As they walked back to the table she nonchalantly let her hand brush against his erection.

"It's almost ten inches," he said off-handedly.

"Really?" She replied.

"Kind of thick around the middle too."

"I didn't ask for references you know," she replied, revealing her embarrassment to him."

"Yes, you did."

She flushed and decided to be honest with him. "Robert . . . I don't really know you, but yes, I guess I did ask you in a way."

"That's all right, Rosa. By the way, you have a magnificent body yourself. May I hazard a guess?"

"Help yourself," she smiled, but gasped when he cupped her right breast in his hand. She didn't pull away, or slap his hand away. She looked to see where Dutch was. As he gently fondled her breast, he said, "If he's up to it, he's already got his dick up Alice's cute black ass."

"I doubt he's able to rise to the occasion that quickly," she said recovering her poise, but leaving his hand on her breast.

Robert dropped his hand to his side and said, "Let's go exploring shall we? Perhaps we'll run into them or at the very least, step over them."

Rosa began to giggle and daringly let her hand brush against his cock again.

"Squeeze it before we go," he said.

She did and was amazed at his girth. Still she allowed her fingers to trace his length and smiled at him. "You are what you say you are."

"And all black men are not giants in that area."

"Oh, I know that," and both laughed as she released him and they went in search of their respective dates.

As they made their way past the bar to the rear of the club, they checked the dance floor again. There was still no sign of them. Robert guided Rosa down the stairs, past the cloakroom. They were walking past it when Rosa's eye caught a glimpse of a metal heel. The type of shoe looked very familiar, and she tugged Robert's sleeve and pointed. They let their eyes adjust to the light. Sure enough, there was Dutch on his knees under the coats, his head under Alice's dress giving her a tongue- lashing. Alice was obviously very close to her climax, holding Dutch's head tightly against her cunt.

Robert gave Rosa a light nudge and signaled that they should leave. Meekly she followed him back to their table. They didn't speak a word. Ten minutes later, Alice showed up, a devilish look in her eyes. Robert asked her what she had been up to. She told him she would tell him later, if he was good. With that, she lit a cigarette, and looked for the waitress to order another round.

***

Rosa glowered at Dutch when he arrived a few minutes later. "Meet an old friend?" She asked sarcastically.

"Actually, yes I did."

"Anyone I know?"

"Yes. Alice and I were catching up on old times."

She turned to Alice. "Is that right? You two were catching up?"

"Oh, yeah, we caught up all right. Your man gives great head."

"I know, and for your information so do I, but next time ask me first if you're going to fuck Dutch when I'm around. Common courtesy you know?"

"All right, I will. And I apologize for acting like I did." Alice said. Robert was passive. Dutch looked across the room, embarrassed.

"And you, lover boy," Rosa said, fire in her tone. "We can have an open relationship that is if YOU want one, but remember it's a two-way street."

"I owe you an apology Rosa. I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings going off with Alice like that. But truth is we fuck every time we meet."

"So tell a girl so that she's able to cope with it. I don't find it pleasant looking all over for the two of you and finding you under the coat-rack going down on this," she caught herself and didn't call Alice a bitch, ". . . woman, even if she is appealing."

Robert suddenly smiled and covered Rosa's hand with his. Rosa turned to face Dutch.

"And you . . . you need to know something about me. I wanted to tell you this when it was just the two of us, but since we're all bosom buddies here at the table I'll share this with everyone. I'm bi-sexual myself."

Robert laughed softly and Alice grinned obscenely.

"Tell us how you got hooked on pussy baby," Alice cooed.

"Fuck you, Alice!" She barked. A second later she reconsidered. "All right, I will. It began years ago when my best girlfriend . . . no, not that kind of friend, had her baby. Her no good husband was fucking off or fucking someone else . . . he never worked that's for sure." She bit her knuckle. "You sure you want me to go on?"

Dutch nodded and smiled at her. His hand grazed along the line of her jaw. The black couple knew enough to be quiet and let her get on with her tale.

"Okay, then, you asked. I used to watch her breast-feed the baby, little Juan. And I'd get this warm feeling in my own tits and belly." Rosa cupped her breast unconsciously as she said this. This was maybe three years before I had my Kathy.

"His little noises and the way he cupped his hand alongside her tit gave me a warm, almost sexy ache." She looked at them to make sure they were serious about this, and satisfied that they were, she continued.

"So, one day, we're both a little high on a good batch of Red, Her name was Jackie, and as we sat on my couch she straddled me, gave me this grin and unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked the nursing bra, exposing her milk-filled tits. I remember she stretched up on her knees so her huge brown nipples caressed my eyelashes. Then she took those warm bulging tits in her hands and lightly, ever so lightly, traced her nipples across my cheeks. It was heaven! After what seemed an eternity the firm, hot, fluid-leaking tip of one tit finally found its way into my hungry, greedy mouth and I suckled her while she straddled me on the couch."

Christ what a story," Dutch gasped. Robert's hand was under the table, obviously trying to finger his wife, whose eyes were bulging with lust.

"Oh yeah," Rosa went on, "Nothing seemed to move except my pulling lips and Jackie's trembling breast. It turned out neither of us had ever known such a sweet, tender moment in our lives. We did it every chance we could. Especially after Jackie's pediatrician thought it best for the baby not to nurse since she had the drug habit.

She's over it for years now, but at the time . . . well it opened the door for me, or I should say, for us. Jackie kept producing milk for me and I kept the sweetness alive for us with my mouth and sucking urges. "

"So that was it? That was far as you went?" Robert asked as his arm lunged between Alice's widely parted thighs.

"Oh . . . no, we did it all . . . eventually." Smugly Rosa grinned, "Are you going to come soon Alice?"

Now it was Robert's turn to blush and he did, although one couldn't tell in the poor lighting. Alice seemed unperturbed and continued to concentrate on her pending orgasm. "Don't stop, honey," she croaked, then shuddered violently, coming hard.

"Nice touch," Dutch said tersely to his friends.

Robert and Rosa laughed and looked at one another as if promising something at a later time.

"Would you like to come home with us this evening?" Alice managed in her husky, lust-laden voice as she straightened up in her chair.

"Thank you, no. It's a very kind offer, and if possible I would like to join you, but not tonight. It's a dinner date and I do have to get home and check on my daughter.
