 The Endowment Club Study - Somewhere in There is a Good Fuck

We were just finishing showers after practice when one of my soccer teammates came over and asked, "Alex, some of us have been recruited for a study and they are looking for a few more guys. We are going to get paid something, don't know how much yet, and I thought maybe you might be interested."

"What do I have to do, Roger?"

"Well, there is an interview where they explain the study. If you'd like, I'll turn in your name and phone number and you can decide when you go to the interview. You have to be eighteen or over."

I didn't make any connection between what he said and the fact that there were several of us with above average penis size. It was a busy time, the spring of my senior year, my eighteenth birthday months behind me, and I forgot about the offer until my phone rang the following week and a woman's voice asked if I was interested in being a study subject and could she put me down for an interview in the next several days.

I said I would be happy to be interviewed, but couldn't commit until I knew what the study was about.

"Alex, I completely understand. My name is Melanie, and I am Dr. Rosewald's assistant. If you could come by next Saturday morning, we can go through the preliminaries and see if there is a fit."

The clinic was in a building with an impressive sign out front. "Institute for the Study of Human Performance Enhancement." I went in and found my way to Dr. Rosewald's office on the 2nd floor. 

Melanie greeted me and offered coffee, which I declined, saying I didn't need any more caffeine.

"Dr. Rosewald will be here in a few minutes. Please make yourself comfortable and fill out this background sheet if you don't mind."

I sat down and checked my phone for late breaking tweets or texts. There was a big soccer match in a week, and everyone was keyed up. Coach passed along another batch of statistics on our opponents in an email. I was studying this when the door opened and a woman rushed in, seeing me and saying, "You must be Alexander DeMartini, is that right?"

"Yes, I am. I hope you didn't hurry on my account."

She stopped and smiled at me. "Well, isn't that kind of you to say. Most of my patients are grumpy when I am late. Why don't you come right along and we'll get started."

Melanie winked at me as we went by and I gave her a little wave. A possible date, I thought. My love life was in the dumps since breaking up with Cathy Smith, who had played the tease game one too many times. I had a suspicion the fabulous body was spending more time in bed with girls than guys. Her problem, not mine.

"Here we are, please pardon the mess. I have a clinical practice in addition to my study responsibilities. Please go through there to the exam room and strip down to your underwear. I need to do a few checks for your profile, and we can talk about the study as I do them."

By the time I was down to my briefs, she came in with a clipboard and a stethoscope around her neck. While she fiddled with the paperwork, I studied the body. Thirtyish, over 5-10, slender, beautiful light brown hair and rosy cheeks. When she looked up at me sitting on the examining table, the eyes were a deep blue and very captivating.

"Is it ok to call you Alex?"

I nodded and she went on, reading from the background form. "Born and raised here, parents and grandparents still alive. No siblings."

She looked at me and I said, "My mom had trouble with me, and couldn't have any more children."

She made a note of that and continued, "Athletic and good grades too." She looked up again.

"My folks have high expectations. Runs in the family. A lot of doctors and professors. A few businessmen."

She fastened a blood pressure cuff and pumped it up, holding the stethoscope to my arm.

"You are elevated this morning, 150 over 90. What is your BP when you have school physicals?"

I tried to remember. "I think around 120 over 80."

She leaned close and whispered, "I'll tell you a secret if you keep it to yourself." She smelled wonderful. Some sort of flower scent.

I smiled at her, and she said, "Guys like you usually spike their blood pressure when it is taken by a woman doctor."

I was feeling especially daring and responded, "I'll bet they spike something else too!"

She was busy saying, "You are a bold one, Alex," at the same time her fingers were extracting me from the fly of my briefs. He was growing and expanding rapidly in her hand. As she examined my cock, I got a nice view down her blouse to a pair of fine breasts not encumbered by a bra.

"We are definitely getting ahead of ourselves here, but I must say you have impressive equipment. Do you mind telling me whether you have had sexual intercourse? It is pertinent to our study."

Urged on by the tits, I used a husky voice to say, "That is not a virgin cock you are holding, Dr. Rosewald."

When she looked up this time, the irises of the blue eyes were dilated and still smiling.

"I will need a sperm sample as part of the intake interview. We can do it now or the next time you are in."

"How is the sample obtained?"

"With your hand, or your girlfriend's hand, or my hand." 

Silence.

"Is there a girlfriend?"

"We broke up a few weeks ago. I wanted more out of the relationship than she wanted to provide."

Her lips were warm and incredibly sexy. "How does a guy your age know how to flirt so well?"

"I'm just passing the time waiting for you to tell me what's going on with the study. Maybe I should take you to dinner for a proper discussion?" I drew her closer and tried for another kiss.

The lips were fine and her tongue was busy. "Alex," she said in my ear, her breasts pressed against my arm, "you have already passed the qualification exam. I am going to accept your offer of a date, if it can be at my home this evening."

That sounds good, but there is a condition."

"A condition?"

"Yes. I get one more kiss and my hand needs to check inside your blouse."

The kiss was longer than before, and the plump boob felt great, especially the long, stiff nipple on the end of it.

I hugged her and said, "You sure do give good interviews. What about the sample?"

She pressed all of herself against me. "You are a very aggressive young man. I like that. I need a cohort of strong males in the study. Strong males with strong sperm. I'll think about the best time for giving a sample." 

When I was dressed, she handed me a piece of paper. "Here's a map. Six thirty. Casual clothes. I'm not sure whether there will be others or not."

We walked out to reception and she told Melanie to put me on the list for the study. I made a dollar sign in the air with my finger and she said, "Yes, there is a stipend for being in the study. I'll discuss it with you tonight."

I got another wink from Melanie but decided her boss was ahead in the dating queue.

My parents were away at a conference, but Mom left me a note about several important chores. Mom's lists were always headed, "Important." It was a game we played, but she and I got along and I made sure the lists got cleared.

My phone chimed while I was vacuuming the pool. It was Roger. "How did the interview go?"

"Fine. She signed me up. Said I would hear soon about the next steps. Still didn't tell me how much money is in it."

He laughed. "Pulled the same trick on me. Was a week before I found out, and had to sign a form saying I would not tell anyone how much it was."

I decided Roger didn't need to know about my dinner date, and changed the conversation to next week's soccer match.

Chores kept me busy for the rest of the day. I showed up at Dr. Rosewald's door, in an upscale part of town, a few minutes early. She had on a crimson dress with pleats and looked very stylish. I felt underdressed in pressed khakis and a plaid shirt.

"Come in, we are all here now." I followed her through a two story hall with an elegant stairway and into a cozy living room with couches and a fire going. "Have a seat, Alex, I'll be right back."

I was standing in front of the fire when two women appeared with trays of drinks and hors d' oeuvres.

"Hi, I'm Sonja, and this is Maya. We are friends and associates of Molly." I helped myself while checking them out. Nice dresses, beautiful hair, impressive bodies, embroidered house slippers. Maya the shortest at around 5-6. Sonja maybe two inches taller.

From across the room came, "Like what you are seeing?"

I blushed as all three of them laughed at me. "I'm not used to being alone with three beautiful and dressed up women all at once!"

They sat on a large sofa and pointed to a small place they saved for me. "Right here, let's be comfy."

Molly was fully back in tease mode. "These two hotties are my assistants for the study. They have graduated from medical school and are getting partial intern credit for working with me. If you call them, or me, 'Doctor,' we will hit you."

She looked at the others, "Won't we?"

Sonja, whose hair was blond and chest impressive, said, "We could sit on him and explain the study."

I could tease also. I growled, "You are all going over my knee if there is any more talk like that."

Maya asked, "Molly, where did you get this beast?"

Her mistake was that she had put down her drink, making it easy for me to roll her across my lap and apply a hand to her rear. Her hard, muscled rear, my hands discovered. 

Sonja reached over and pushed the zipper of Maya's dress all the way down. I applied my fingers to the light brown expanse of fine flesh and massaged gently.

"Beast, is it?" I inquired.

She had a seriously athletic body. Muscles up and down and sideways. And let out small squeaks as my fingers probed.

"I think we are going to get along. Molly said you were a jock. Your fingers are doing divine things to me." She turned over and pulled my lips to hers.

The other two were critical. "Maya, don't be slutty, he'll get bad ideas."

She smiled and kissed me again. "He's mine. My study subject." She casually allowed the dress to fall away from her breasts and placed my hands there. 

Molly said to Sonja, "This is what happened in the office. You want to be friends with him. Very close friends."

Sonja buried her fingers in my hair and pulled me in her direction for a hot, wet kiss. Maya made an unhappy noise and I found two protrusions from her boobs to attack.

Molly was walking away. "Alex, entertain those two while I serve dinner."

I arranged both of them in my lap facing up so I could alternate kisses and keep my hands busy at the same time.

"Is she ok to work with? What is going on with this study, anyway?"

I had Sonja's blouse unbuttoned and found no bra inside. The breasts were perfect. High, round, full and wonderfully finished off with sensitive nipples that made her twitch when I caressed them.

"She promised if we were good, we could sleep with you tonight."

I played with their tongues and pinched the nipples harder. "Is that a good idea? You haven't even got me into the study yet."

They laughed, "You are definitely in the study. Molly says we have to convince you to let us take the sperm sample." More giggles. I leaned down and took nipples into my mouth sequentially.

"Stop!" they whispered. "You'll make us come. Not permitted before dinner."

My hands played around as we stood and adjusted clothing. "Molly said you were hotties and she was right. I do get to find out what is going on?"

I was caught between their kisses on my cheeks as they hissed, "Yesss."

Molly had on a pretty apron and was serving plates at a round table in a corner nook in the French Provincial kitchen. She nodded at a bottle on the counter and asked me to be the wine steward.

The meal was beef stew with French bread and green salad. But this was delectable stew with the meat having been simmered in a red wine sauce. After a minute, I realized I was making a pig of myself and sat back. "Sorry, this really is good."

Their laughter rang out again. "Alex! Do not apologize. We know you jocks need meat!"

I stared at them and a nasty thought entered my mind. "Jocks aren't the only people who need meat."

That shut them down for a moment, until Molly stared back and asked in her best sultry voice, "Is that a promise, Alex?"

I broke off my stare and sat back, sipping the excellent wine. "If I didn't know better, I'd think there were three women doctors in the room hitting on me for some reason." They couldn't see from where they sat, but there was a large bulge in the crotch of my pants.

Sonja broke the silence by saying, "Eat up, we'll take dessert to the front parlor. The sunset view should be nice."

The moment passed, but the sexual tension in the air did not go away. The two helpers and I cleaned up while Molly fixed strawberry shortcake. The shortcake got a dash of liqueur, a pile of berries, and a generous helping of whipped cream. Molly carried the dessert tray and I followed with the coffee.

The parlor had wall to wall windows facing west. Against the opposite wall was the largest bed I had ever seen. Maya and Sonja, dresses off, were lounging in the pile of pillows and duvets. 

Maya said, "We took the dresses off so spilled berries don't get on them." The athletic bodies looked terrific in skimpy lingerie. Molly put her tray down and backed up to me. "Will you do the zipper honors?"

I helped her out of the dress as she returned the favor, doing my shirt buttons and reaching for my belt. While she was looking down, I reached for the clip on her bra and helped her out of that.

"You want bare tits with dessert, do you?" she hissed. I pulled her in tight, back to front and worried her shoulder muscle with my teeth. 

I spoke very quietly at her ear, "I've decided to forget the study and treat the three of you as dates. Beautiful, sexy dates who need my close attention."

My hands were on her hips, slowly slipping the sketchy briefs to the floor. She shook and made a noise, which I ignored and raised her high in the air. The other two were hugging each other and smiling widely. They probably had not seen their naked boss in this position before.

With my loudest roar, Molly flew into the arms of her helpers, letting out a screech as she went.

My cock was poking through the fly of my shorts, so I dropped them and carried the trays to the bed.

I served dessert and coffee, continuing to growl. Leaning back against the polished headboard, I inquired, "Do you teases have anything to say before you get the fucking you so richly deserve?"

Maya disappeared and returned with giant towels and some containers. "While you plan your conquests, use some of this on us. Without batting an eye, she squirted something straight into the pussies of the other two women and herself, then stretched out by my side and reached her hand for my hard shaft. 

"Alex, this is abnormal. You could destroy us."

I worked her back with the fragrant oil and noticed the smile half buried in a pillow. "Why don't I believe that? Why do I think this study must have something to do with sex? What are three bombshells like you doing trolling for high school seniors?"

She turned over and laughed, "Come here with that, I'm tired of pretending."

I knew from other encounters to take it slow and easy, or else have a screaming, crying woman on my hands. "Oh Molly," she cried, "he is incredible. The best yet."

After a minute, we were completely tight. She moaned, "Damn, you feel good in there. When does the beating start?" She was twisting and wiggling under me, showing her muscles.

"You are jocks recruiting jocks. Where did these muscles come from?"

"Soccer, just like yours. Now, shut up and fuck."

With her twat well lubricated, we were having a fine fuck, thrusting and humping and calling each other names. Suddenly, I realized there were two others and I had better shift gears to finish her and take on the next. Pound, pound, pound and there it was. A clenching, wailing climax. 

I reached for Sonja, who had undone her hair and lost the underwear. She was hot as a pistol after watching Maya and me, but still had trouble taking my giant cock, beating her feet on my ass and moaning, "Alex, do me slow, just keep working him in there. I so need this."

A little voice was telling me that I was getting performance sex. These bodies knew how to fuck. Knew how to enjoy a really big cock reaming their insides. Molly must be the mastermind. I looked over and found her hand between her legs and a big smile on her face. "Hurry," she mouthed at me.

Sonja took ten big jolts before she screamed and let everything go. 

As I scrambled for Molly, I decided the chief troublemaker needed me from behind and grabbed her legs, flipping her torso and entering quickly.

"No! you devil. I didn't say you could do me from behind." She tried to wiggle away, but my hands had her firmly pinned and my cock was hard at work in a yielding pussy that seemed to like my big shaft driving deeper and deeper.

I hit bottom, stretched along her back, and said, "You are the chief troublemaker, Molly. We need to talk. But first, you owe me, you owe me big time."

She howled and loosed vile threats. My cock didn't mind. Didn't mind at all. Every part of her was athletic woman, from the firm tits, to the shuddering pelvis, to the final cry as she came and collapsed under me.

I turned over and sat her on my chest, leaking cum everywhere. There were tears in her eyes. She was completely pink down her front. Sonja and Maya rolled into my side, calling me a rogue and a devil.

After a bit, massaging my palm with her fingers, she said, "You didn't play according to our script. You were supposed to follow orders."

She was grinning as she said that and I gently brought her down to my lips. I gestured to the others and a blanket was spread over everyone.

I kissed her nose and massaged her scalp with lazy fingers. The head went down and all was silence.

Much later, my eyes opened to find moonlight shining in the big windows. Molly was nestled in my arms, with a body behind me and another in front of her. I could tell she was also awake and licked the ear so close to me. My arm was over her, with her hand on top of mine on top of a large handful of warm, plump breast.

She whispered, "This could ruin the study."

The other women turned into us, "Yes, Molly, this could ruin the study. Where is your fancy protocol now?" They were laughing, almost giggling. I was getting hard. The study director could feel that and said, laughing harder, "You are not supposed to take us again right away."

I made a grrr noise and asked, "Who says? You three are responsible for the best sex of my life, and I have to give it up before I've hardly started?" I applied my teeth to her shoulder and she shuddered and pressed down harder on the hand tweaking her boob.

Little twitches and shudders were going through all of them when Molly rolled on top of Sonja and said, "The study designers are going to clean up and talk about their problems. You stay here and behave."

I watched bare behinds disappearing toward the bathroom and wondered how much good fortune a young guy with a big cock could get away with. 

I wandered around and found a second bathroom with a shower. My mood was buoyant. Great sex with luscious M.D.'s on a moonlit night!

By the time I found them clustered together in the kitchen, fresh coffee was ready, and bread was in the toaster.

Multiple bodies pushed me against the counter. I was free with my hands, checking the consistency of boobs here and there.

Molly whispered, "We've decided you have rights to our bodies. But actually, it is your body we are excited about."

Their hands were free too, bringing me fully erect, and nudging everyone down the hall and back to bed. I said, "Turn out the lamp so we can see the moon."
