 This is a continuation of Chapter1, so it's suggested you read that first if you haven't already.



Joyce had slipped into a blissful trance like state after experiencing the most mind blowing orgasm ever, and she was just now beginning come around. 

As consciousness returned, Joyce found that she was still upside down on the wheel with her legs and arms secured to the wheel. The wheel was a gadget attached to the wall onto which a person could be strapped and manipulated. Bill had placed Joyce on the wheel, spun it 180 degrees and then allowed Nancy to explore Joyce's newly shaved pubic mound. 

Nancy had done more than explore, she placed her own slit against Joyce's face and had forced her to perform cunninglingus, while she reciprocated. The end resulted in Joyce producing a squirting geyser orgasm that was now dripping down her back and stomach. It was the first time Joyce had sex with a women and like the other experiences tonight, she very much liked it!

Joyce was in this situation because of financial difficulties, and agreeing to take a job as a server and entertainer for a party which paid well above market. The catch, however, was that she had to do so nude! In addition, the entertainer part of the job required that she allow the party goers to place her on certain toys, and in positions to which she was directed.

Bill stepped forward, smiled and said, "Did you like that?"

Joyce thought to herself, how tonight was a night of firsts and she was enjoying every one of them! She slowly smiled, and nodded her head in the affirmative.

As she and Nancy began to regain control, Bill rotated the wheel of fortune to the upright position. He unbuckled Joyce's restraints and, as she stepped down offered her a towel to wipe herself off with.

Bill then announced, "Ladies and gentlemen it's time for dinner, so if you don't mind please proceed to the dinning room."

The party goers started to head off as directed. Joyce watched them and couldn't help smiling as she noted that each guy had what would appear to be a raging hard on, and all because of her!

Bill took Joyce aside. "Your job is to continue providing entertainment for the guest. Your next assignment is to spend the meal under the table servicing each guest until they cum. Do you understand?"

Wow, thought Joyce this will be another new one as she nodded yes.

After everyone was seated at the table, Joyce got down on all fours and crawled under the table. She looked around. She noted the different sizes and shapes of the cocks and smiled in anticipation. She also took in the fact that all the woman had their legs spread, exposing their slits and clits. Pausing she took in the aroma of sex and satisfyingly thought how she was the center of it all! Where do I begin thought Joyce?

Looking around she decided to start with the smallest cock. Gazing at the array of available cocks she noted how different they could be. There were short, thick, long and thin ones. Some where circumcised and others weren't, however all had the common feature that they were hard! 

She finally identified the smallest one and crawled over to it. Joyce knelt in front and drew a finger nail slowly up the underside. It bounced up and down, eliciting a moan from above. Joyce encircled the tip of it with her hand, and then started to gently stroke up and down. As she did that, her target slid lower in his seat and a glob of precum appeared on the tip. Seeing this, Joyce stuck her tongue out and slowly licked it clean. A louder moan was heard. Realizing she had many other cocks and cunts to do, she decided to pick up the pace. Her mouth engulfed the cock and began to suck harder. She tasted more salty pre-cum, as she pulled him deeper into her mouth. Then she felt a hand press on the back of her head forcing the cock deeper. She picked up the speed and the cock touched the back of her throat. He pushed her down harder, as his cock began to swell. Joyce knew it wasn't going to be much longer, as he suddenly let a long shot of cum shoot down her throat. This was followed by three more all of which Joyce swallowed. As his hands let go, Joyce slid her mouth off his softening cock. 

She sat back and swirled her tongue around. Another first, as she had never swallowed cum before. It didn't taste bad and that hot jet in her mouth was soooo exciting!

Next, thought Joyce, as she looked around. She decided to do equal time and looked for an appealing cunt. Scanning the spread legs she decided on the smooth slit which she thought was Susan's. Crawling over between her legs, she reached up and gently ran her hand over the bald mound. As a moan was heard, she leaned forward and with one hand spread the glistening cunt lips apart. Joyce's tongue looked like a snake's flicking, as she touched Susan's clit causing her hips to lurch upwards. Joyce knew she had hit the spot. She continued the stroking with her tongue while slowly inserting a finger into Susan, taking note of another first as her finger slid for the first time into another cunt. Susan was moaning. Joyce started to move faster with both her tongue and finger. She knew that it was working because Susan's hips were meeting each stroke of the tongue with a thrust and at the same time dripping increasing quantities of juice. 

As the excitement built Joyce bit down hard on Susan's clit setting off a powerful orgasm. Joyce once again found herself covered in juices and began to lick herself clean. She noted that Susan tasted different from Nancy. 

Joyce turned it into a game, trying to make each guest cum quicker than the prior one. Continuing her rounds under the table she finally arrived at the last cunt. Leaning forward she realized that it was Nancy. Joyce paused and smiling thinking, perhaps what's good for the goose is indeed equally good for the gander. 

Pushing forward she admired Nancy's puffy slit, and then with two fingers she spread Nancy's vulva apart revealing a pink clit. It was glistening and dripping in anticipation. Very gently Joyce touched it with the tip of her tongue and held it in contact for an extended moment. A moan came from above. While her tongue remained in place, Joyce slowly slipped a finger into Nancy's moist, hot tunnel. A shiver rippled down through Nancy's legs. 

Joyce slowly slid her finger out until the tip was just barely in. She then reversed course and this time slid two fingers in. Another moan came from above and Nancy's legs spread wider. Out came her now slick fingers. On the next stroke three fingers were used. And Nancy's hips slid lower in her seat. Joyce could feel Nancy's love cannel relax and open wider with each additional thrust.

Joyce was fascinated with spreading the dark opening wider and the warm wet feeling. Juice was now dripping down Nancy's legs. Let's try some more thought Joyce, as she now pushed and cork screwed four fingers deeper. As Joyce pushed harder Nancy spread her legs farther and started rubbing her clit with a finger. Joyce found this all amazing, and thought let's see if I can get the whole hand in.

Tucking the thumb into her palm, she pushed forward. Going slowly she felt resistance building and dissipating at the same time. Cork screwing her hand deeper, she felt Nancy's cunt opening. Finally, there was a pop as Joyce's hand slipped all the way in. Omigod, thought Joyce, I've actual pushed my whole hand into a cunt! Pausing for a moment, she felt the heat, moisture and softness of Nancy's cunt surrounding her hand. Joyce looked down her arm which ended with her wrist at Nancy's puffed and swollen lips looking like a Georgia O'Keefe blossoming flower painting. Joyce couldn't believe she had done it. 

Feeling the hot surroundings of Nancy's cunt, she curled her hand into a fist. This movement elicited another moan. She then slowly pulled her hand back until the resistance prevented her from going further without coming out. Reversing course, she pushed in until touching Nancy's cervix. Pausing for a moment, she then started to pump her fist in and out. Nancy's moans were becoming continuous and louder until suddenly she let out a scream as a massive orgasm flooded through her body. Joyce found her fist lockedin a vice, as Nancy's cunt clamped down on her arm. At the same time her arm was covered in the flood of cum squirting out of Nancy. Wow, thought Joyce that was pretty amazing. As Nancy came down from her orgasm, she began to ease her grip. Feeling this Joyce began to slowly draw her arm out until, once again, she heard a pop as her fist came out. What an amazing sight thought Joyce, as she watched Nancy's open, dark cavern begin to slowly close. It was like seeing a flower blossom close!

Joyce looked at her dripping arm and then began to lick Nancy's juice off. Mmmmm she has a nice taste to her. 

Crawling out from under the table, she stood up with a mixture of cunt juice and semen on her face and tits, looking at the guests she smiled and said "Finished!". 

Then, with her finger, she scooped a dollop of semen off her right tit and sucked it into her mouth. "Hmmm that tasted good!" as she lifted her tit into her mouth and licked more juice off her nipple.

Everyone applauded.

Bob than suggested, "perhaps you would like to wash up in the bathroom and come back for your next act!" All the guests laughed and applauded at that.

Joyce turned and went into the bathroom. Looking in the mirror she couldn't believe what she saw. Here she was covered in cum and cunt juices and a newly bare cunt. Running her hand over it, she thought I really like the way it feels. She also couldn't believe that she was actually enjoying this evening. What is with me, she thought, am I a closet slut?

Returning to the entertainment center, Joyce found Bill and his guest sitting on couches, talking and playing with each other. Set in the center of the group was the half barrel with the dildo sticking up out of it. Oh boy I wonder what they have in mind now thought Joyce?

"Come on in and join us Joyce," Bill said smiling.

As the guests saw her they applauded once again and Joyce heard a few say that she was the best performer ever.

Considering her job situation, this was a real boost that brought a smile to her face.

"Joyce have you ever seen one of these?" Bill asked as he pointed at the half barrel.

Shaking her head Joyce said, "Other then the other day when we met, no."

"Well it's another chance to try something new," he said, "come here."

Joyce went over to Bill.

"Bend over, place your hands on the table and spread your legs apart." he instructed.

Joyce followed the instructions appreciating that with her bare cunt, she was more exposed than ever been. While standing there she turned her head and glanced over her shoulder. What she saw turned her on, as she saw every set of eyes focused on her puffy, exposed cunt. It sent a shutter through her, causing a surge of juices down her legs.

Bill stepped forward and spread her lips exposing Joyce's hard clit. He ran his finger down the slit, across the clit to the exposed and shining opening. Pausing for a moment he slid his finger deep into Joyce eliciting a shudder and a moan. After slowly drawing his finger out, he coated it with KY jelly and then squirted more over her cunt lips. After a pause, he slid it in again and rotated it around the coating Joyce's cunt. Joyce moans at the mixof cool liquid, combined with the pressure of the finger on her g-spot. 

Once again pulling his finger out, Bill said "Standup."

Joyce did and Bill led her to the half barrel.

"Straddle it." Bill instructed.

Stepping over it she waited for instructions.

"Lower yourself." said Bill.

Looking at the guest sitting around her, Joyce smiled and began to descend until she felt the tip of what looked to be an eight inch cock, touch her. Pausing she glanced down and using her hand, spread her lips apart. Making a slight adjustment over the tip, she then continued downwards onto the rubber cock until feeling the leather of barrel touch her legs. 

Looking up at everyone, she smiled and said, "What next?"

"Just get comfortable for a moment." Bill said.

Joyce shifted around a bit until she was really settled on this phallus. At the same time she scanned the guests and saw that there where many stimulating activities to observe. 

Nancy was sitting on Jim's lap with his fat cock sliding in and out. Jill was sitting looking at Joyce with one hand sliding up and down her slit, while the other was around Susan's shoulder flicking her nipple. Sally was leaning over Steve and slowly running her tongue over his balls and up his hard seven inch shaft. Steve was slowly sliding his finger up and down Sally's ass creak. It was amazing to see how free these people were with each other. 

Bill stepped forward saying to Joyce, "Are you ready for the next activity?"

Joyce looked up at Bill and gave him a wry smile, while she nodded his head. She also started to get nervous as she saw that Bill had a remote control in his hand.

"You seemed to enjoy that egg that Susan had placed in your cunt earlier, so I'm sure you will enjoy this machine you are sitting on." as he flicked the switch, he had in his hand.

Joyce felt a gentle stimulation in her cunt. Oh, here we go again she thought as the sensation increased. Now everyone was watching, and that along with the sensation between her legs only added to her excitement. She had to lean forward and use her hands for support. Omigod Joyce thought this is wonderful.

"How do you like that feeling?" asked Bill.

Joyce just smiled at him in response.

"Do you want more?"

Joyce slowly nodded her head up and down.

"You'll have to do some work in order to achieve the increased pleasure you're looking for." 

"What do I have to do, I'll do anything." said Joyce.

"I'm glad to hear that because that's exactly what will be required." responded Bill, "Let me explain. You see each of us have a remote control for the sybian. And each remote can only increase the vibration one level. So for instance if I click on my remote it will not increase the intensity you feel, but if Susan clicks her's, it will increase the intensity by a level. Show her Susan."

Susan smiled and held up her remote and then hit the button.

Joyce let out a moan as she felt the intensity of the vibration in her cunt increase. Oh I like this machine she thought.

"OK that's enough of a demonstration Susan." Bill said. 

Another click and the vibration Joyce felt decreased. Slumping forward in frustration she let out a groan. 

"So Joyce, here is how we are going to do the next activity. If you want the vibration to increase, you must entice and satisfy someone's need or desire. This could entail acting out a request from one of our guest or for instance allowing them to use a favorite toy on you. If they are happy with the way you fulfill their request then you will be rewarded with a click of the remote." Bill explained, "But before you finally agree let me have them show off their toys."

Turning to the guest Bill said, "Ladies and gentlemen, please show Joyce your toys."

Joyce looked over at the guest as they held up various items. Looking around Joyce saw a butt plug, what appeared to be fishing weights hanging from some crocodile clamps, a riding crop, and a leather paddle. Oh my thought Joyce.

"Are you ready and willing to play Joyce?" asked Bill.

Looking directly into Bill's deep blue eyes, and with a slight tremor in her voice, Joyce said quietly "Yes."

Bill paused and then said, "Oh, I forgot a few other parts to this game. They are, first the guests are not allowed to make you cum. If they do, they will be hung on that hook over there and whipped by all the other guests. So to avoid humiliation and the pain, they will slow down or even turn off the sybian if they think you are getting to close to cumming. However, there is a time limit on the activities you must perform. You only have to perform the requested duty for a maximum of four minutes. They, in turn, are only responsible for preventing you from cumming until you complete your next required task. You therefore have got to trick them into getting you to an orgasm, if that's what you want!" 

"Steve you go first." Bill instructed.

"Joyce, I want you to very sensually play with those beautiful tits of yours." Steve instructed.

Joyce realizing what she needed to do to relieve the building urges between her legs, turned and, wetting her lips, smiled sensually at Steve. She slid her hands off the front of the sybian, over her thighs up to her hips. Then slowly drawing them up along her sides, under and over her nipples, up through her hair and the stretching her arms above her head, she smiled at Steve. He was now stroking his cock slowly as he watched her firm full tits stand out from her chest. Continuing to smile she dropped her hands to under her tits and lifted them to the guests. Then sliding her hands upward she pinched each of her nipples and pulled on them making them stand up. Smiling at the other guests, Joyce lowered her head and brought the right tit up to her lips. Pursing her lips around the hardened nipple she began to suck it. And all this time there was that low vibration working in her cunt. How she wanted to cum.

Bill spoke up, "Joyce times up. Well Steve has Joyce fulfilled your task?"

Still stroking his cock, he picked up the remote and clicked it. Joyce felt a surge of moisture down both legs as the speed picked-up. 

"Oh I need to cum." she moaned.

"OK whose next?" Bill asked.

Nancy jumped up and said, "Let me go." as she held up a butt plug, and a tube of lubricant.

Stepping over to Joyce, Nancy smiled and said "Do you know what this is?" as she held up the butt plug.

Joyce looked at it and shook her head from side to side.

"Well you are going to learn. Lean forward on the machine and then use your hands spread your ass cheeks." Nancy instructed.

"What are you going to do to me?" Joyce asked.

"Do you want that vibration to increase?"

Joyce paused and then nodded her head in the affirmative.

"Then do what I instructed you to do." said Nancy.

Joyce leaned forward pressing the dildo against her clit. That feels better thought Joyce, as she reached around and pulled her cheeks apart exposing her anus.

Nancy stepped behind Joyce and squirted some lubricant on her finger. Leaning down she rubbed it around Joyce's pucker hole. Oh that's feels nice thought Joyce. Nancy's finger then started to press against Joyce's anus and as the pressure increased it slowly slipped in. Once it reached Nancy's knuckle she swirled her finger around spreading the lubricant. She then removed her finger and began to press the butt plug against Joyce's anus, gradually spreading it open. Joyce couldn't believe the feeling as ass hole spread open. I can't do this thought Joyce when all of a sudden there was a pop and the plug was in. Nancy twisted the plug to make sure that it settled in.

"Sit back Joyce." instructed Nancy.

Joyce let go of her ass and slowly sat back down feeling the plug push deeper. Combined with the continued vibration in her cunt the sensation took Joyce up another level towards her goal of cumming. Nancy stepped back and pushed the button on her remote.

Joyce almost jumped off the sybian from the feeling. The dildo was not only vibrating it was now pushing up and down. Joyce grabbed the front of the sybian to steady herself. She let out a loud groan as the movement in her cunt combined with the pressure in her ass began to have its affect.

One of the guest looked at Nancy and said, "Ah, oh you may be the loser."

Bill once again stepped up and said "Next!"

Jim jumped up and said "Let me go."

"Ok, go."

He stepped forward and held up the fishing weights that Joyce had seen earlier.
