 Note: I want to thank Tis_Mina for her wonderful and constructive editing assistance. The story was greatly improved through her help!

I would also like to thank Anonymous for taking a fine tooth comb to this story. 

*

Joyce was in a deep state of despair. Sitting at the kitchen table looking at the letter of eviction she had just received from her landlord, Joyce wondered what to do. She was one of those many victims of the economic downturn and had been out of work for over six months. Her bank account was down to double digits and she was on the verge of becoming homeless.

"What to do?" she murmured aloud. Well she thought, let's try to be optimistic, maybe my luck will change today. She went and got the paper to see if there were any job opportunities. 

Returning to her apartment, she opened the paper and began to read each job posting. Going through the listings she paused, "Hmmmm this is different." 

The classified read:

Female server and entertainer

Attractive female required to be a server / entertainer at party. Must be open minded. Above scale pay. Private interview required. Applicant will be paid for the interview. Please e-mail resume with photograph to Bill c/o classified editor

Interesting looking, and considering the state of my finances, I might as well give it a try. Joyce's cable connection had been shut down for lack of payment. As she opened the connection to the internet, she thought, thanks neighbor for leaving your wireless service unprotected. I know this is wrong to use the connection, but please understand the bind I'm in. 

.

After opening her email account, Joyce typed a quick response and then attached her resume to the message. Next, she started to look for an appropriate photograph. As she went through the digital images, she came upon one taken last summer of her in a bikini. Joyce thought, "If he wants open minded, maybe this is the one that I should send." 

She studied it. The picture was of her in a yellow string bikini. It showed off her well toned body to best effect and you could actually see her nicely shaped breast straining against the top. 

"I like it," Joyce mumbled as she attached it to the e-mail. She read over her message one more time: 

To whom it may concern,

Open minded female interested in obtaining job as server/entertainer. Available for interview on short notice.

Sincerely,

Joyce

She sat back for a moment and a thought struck her, what if this person is a pervert or worse, some sort of serial killer? What am I potentially getting myself into? Should I really be doing this? Maybe I should try to protect myself a little more as she changed her name on the e-mail to "Yellow bikini" That's better. "Here goes," and hit the send button

A few hours later Joyce went online to check her e-mails. Looking through her unread messages she found a response to her e-mail from Bill c/o classified editor. Quickly opening the message Joyce read the following message.

"Dear Yellow Bikini,

Have reviewed your resume and picture. Would like to arrange for an interview this afternoon, if possible. If you are still interested, please call me at XXX-YYYY. You will receive $100 for the interview.

Sincerely,

Bill"

Joyce sat back and thought, wow that was a quick response. Geez this is a little scary, how can I be sure this is all on the level? Well let me at least hear his voice and maybe that will tell me something about him, and I could use that $100! She picked up the phone and dialed the number, after two rings a voice answered. 

"Hello." 

"Is this Bill?" asked Joyce.

"Yes, who's calling please?"

"This is Yellow Bikini. I sent you an e-mail in response to your ad and I'm now responding to your reply."

"Ah yes, thanks for calling. I was impressed with your resume and photo. I think you may meet the requirements, but will need to meet you in person to explain the position. Would you be able to come over later this afternoon?"

"Bill, as you can appreciate, with all the bad things that happen through the internet I'm a little concerned about meeting a total stranger."

"Well besides being good looking, you're smart too. What can I tell you that would give you a reasonable level of comfort that this is all legit?"

"Well your full name and address would be a good start."

"Sure that's reasonable and a smart move on your part," responded Bill. 

He proceeded to give her his name and number.

"Assuming I decide to come over today, what time would you like to see me?" asked Jill

"Four o'clock, if that works for you."

"That's fine, however, if I change my mind I'll let you know." said Jill.

Once Joyce finished writing down the address, she said goodbye and hung up. Looking at the note, she realized the address was in the better section of town. She also thought his voice sounded sincere, but still it was a risk. She decided to write a letter to herself detailing exactly where she was going and why. When she went out she would mail it, so that if something should happen someone would find the letter and come looking for her. This plan relaxed her a bit.

Joyce decided she had better prepare for the interview, so she took a shower and went about selecting the appropriate clothing. Thinking of her photo she decided to wear a sheer bra and crème colored bikini panties, put on a beige silk blouse, a dark blue tube skirt and sensible high heels. Looking in the mirror Joyce admired the way in which her blouse emphasized her breasts and thought happily, I look like a sexy professional! Professional what though?

She drove to the address Bill had given her, and was impressed first with the long uphill drive leading through a carefully manicured landscape and ending at a sizeable modern looking house. It smacked of money, lots of it! She parked her car in the turn around and went to the door. Joyce rang the doorbell and smoothed her clothes while she waited. When the door opened, there stood a six foot tall, trim male who looked to be in his mid forties. He was well suntanned, as is usual for this climate, and the tan contrasted nicely with his graying hair. He looked quite fit, but the physical feature that drew the most attention were his eyes. Looking directly at Joyce were the most amazing set of cold blue eyes. While they drew her in they seemed to look right through her at the same time.

"Yellow bikini, I presume?" Bill said in a melodious, but commanding voice.

"Yes, you must be Bill," Joyce responded.

"Yip, come on in. I must say your photo really doesn't do you justice," as Bill's eyes scanned her from head to feet.

"Thank you," Joyce said blushing.

"May I offer you something to drink?" he asked.

"Thanks, I'd like a coke," responded Joyce

Going over to a small bar he got Joyce's coke and a San Pellegrino with lemon for himself. After handing her the drink he motioned to sit down. In all this time Joyce could feel Bill's cold blue eyes looking over her body or perhaps just undressing her. This was making her nervous and excited at the same time. I can understand being nervous, but why does this excite me she thought?

"Well you certainly meet the first requirement of the position, you are a very attractive women", Bill said as he continued to look at her intently.

"The real question is how open minded are you. Sending a picture of you in that sexy bikini would indicate you are at least partially understanding of the requirement of the position. However, before I tell you exactly what the position entails here is the $100 for coming to this interview."

Bill handed the money to Joyce.

"Thank you." 

"Now let's do this a little backwards. As mentioned in the advertisement, the pay is above market, but I didn't mention how much it would be. For being the server and entertainer for the evening you'll receive $5,000 in cash."

Joyce gasped, "That's a lot of money for an evening."

"It is a special kind of party."

Joyce was silent, thinking about how many of her current problems would be solved with that amount of money. I'd be able to bring my rent current and have some left over to help until I find a real job. Of course for that amount of money there must be some strings attached. What am I going to be asked to do? What am I willing to do for this amount?

"Wow, that's a lot of money for being a waitress and entertainer for one evening. I want to tell you up front that my singing abilities are non-existent and I've never done any formal dancing before." 

"Well you don't have to worry about singing or dancing because that's not the type of entertaining you'll be doing. As I said, you need to be an open minded individual for this position. How do you feel about displaying your body?"

"What do you mean by displaying my body," Joyce asked, as she began to wonder what she was getting into. Did she have to wear one of those sexy French maid outfits? 

"Well how would you feel about being totally nude while serving a group of people? That is the first requirement of this job." explained Bill in a very serious voice.

"You're serious?" as Joyce thought uh, oh here is where the trouble begins. 

"Yes, very serious. Why do you think I would pay someone so much over the normal rate for serving at a party? By the way if you agree to all the conditions today, I'll pay you an advance of $2,000 before you leave today."

Waitressing in the nude, thought Joyce, how could I do that? Yet, getting some of the money in advance would certainly solve a lot of problems. I'm also not a prude about showing off my body, thinking back to her college days and some of her early escapades. I did some wild things during some of those frat parties and spring breaks, and didn't get a cent for that.

"Would there be any pictures taken at this party?" 

"No there wouldn't be any, unless you decide to give the guest permission. That's a strictly enforced rule of mine."

"How can I be assured of that? If I was to take the job and someone took some pictures, they might wind up on the internet and ruin any chance of getting a real job."

"I have strict rules for my parties, one of which is no cameras or cell phones in the party. Those things must be left at the door."

"I don't know Bill, being nude amongst a group of strangers is taking a big risk."

"Yes, you're right." responded Bill, "but you do need the money otherwise you wouldn't be here right now, would you?" 

"OK, what next?"

"Before we get into other conditions, I want to make sure you would be comfortable with being nude in front of a stranger. Would you please stand and remove all your clothes except for your shoes?"

Joyce staring wide eyed at Bill said "right here?"

"Yes, here and now. The party is too important to me to risk the possibility that you wouldn't go nude that night, so please take your clothes off."

Joyce hesitated a minute and then stood. Looking at Bill she started to unbutton her blouse. She then slipped the blouse off her shoulders revealing her sheer bra. Bill stared intently at her now erect nipples. As she unbuttoned her skirt and slid the zipper down Joyce thought, "What am I doing?" The skirt loosened, she pushed it over her hips and let it drop to the floor. She now stood in her bra, panties and shoes.

"What a wonderful body you have Joyce. Please, "Bill instructed, "continue with the rest." 

Joyce brought her hands to the front of her bra and unsnapped it. Holding it momentarily in place, she slid the cups off of her perfect teardrop shaped breasts and let the bra fall to the floor. She heard Bill let out a soft sigh, as he stared at her. Hearing this come out of Bill excited her. Sliding her thumbs under the waist band of the panties she pushed down until gravity took over and they fell to the floor. She stepped out of them and stood there naked except for her shoes with one arm across her breasts and the other covering her pubic area.

"Drop your arms to your side", Bill instructed.

Joyce looked at him and then slowly lowered her arms. She was completely naked in front of a person she had just met. Bill just stared at her and smiled.

"Slowly turn around, so that I can have a full view."

Joyce blushed at following his instructions while at the same time she was becoming turned on by them, especially the firmness of voice by which he issued each instruction. Slowly she turned around, and while doing so, heard a low moan emanate from Bill. It further excited her and she began to feel moisture between her legs. 

"Joyce, you are a most beautiful woman! Please have a seat while I describe some more about the job."

Joyce bent to pick up her clothes to put them on.

"No, leave them where they are until I say you can put them on." instructed Bill.

Joyce glanced at Bill, turned and sat down, hoping she wouldn't leave a stain on the chair as her excitement seemed to build with each instruction. Joyce crossed her legs in hopes of preventing a stain.

Bill gave a sharp look and instructed her to uncross her legs. 

"Keep your knees at least a foot apart."

Joyce spread her knees apart and realized that Bill now had a clear view of her pubic mound. She wondered, "Can he see the moisture?" She saw Bill's cold blue eyes looking straight at her cunt. She couldn't believe how his intense stare was beginning to excite her.

While looking up from between her legs Bill asked, "Do you ever trim your pubic hair?"

"Only during the summer when I wear my bikini."

"This could be fun at the party." Bill chuckled.

What did he mean by that, wondered Joyce?

"There will be twelve people at the party. It will be a mixture of men and women. Unfortunately, when people drink with beautiful naked people nearby they can't always keep their hands off. As mentioned this is a very important party and I don't want anything going wrong such as your flinching if someone were to touch you in an intimate way, so I need to check that out. Please stand and get that tray of drinks on the table."

In rapid fire order Joyce thought he's going to touch my body, what am I getting myself into, am I prostituting myself, should I continue, something about the way he instructs is turning me on, and I really need the money. Let me just see how far I have to go to do this job.

Joyce got up, went to the table and picked up the tray. At the same time Bill stood and moved over next to her.

"Okay let's practice serving me a drink."

Joyce turned, smiled and offered a drink to Bill. As he reached for the drink his hand reached past the glasses and stroked Joyce's nipple.

"Ooouuuhhh," responded Joyce as the tray shook.

"That's what I mean, you can't react like that. If you can't control yourself I'll have to find someone else to take the job."

"No, no I can do it." Joyce responded, "Try it again."

Bill reached for another drink and again his hand went past the drink to Joyce's nipple. This time he actually gave a tug on the nipple. Joyce just nodded and smiled.

"Very good, Joyce."

"Thank you," she responded as she felt the flow of moisture between her legs increase.

"That might not be the only place you'll feel a touch."

She watched as Bill came to the side and placed a hand on her hip. He then moved his hand upwards until it cupped her breast and gently squeezed it. Joyce was getting more excited by the touching, but just continued to smile. His hand went up over her breast and squeezed her nipple between his fingers. Joyce felt her clit begin to swell. He dropped his hand and then brought it around to stroke and grope her ass. She continued to smile and stand still. Joyce thought to herself, I'm not going to lose this job because of some small movement. Dropping his hand again Joyce felt it slide over her thigh to her pubic mound giving it a gentle caress. Joyce was thinking this is too much, I shouldn't be doing this, at the same time she unconsciously readjusted herself spreading her feet apart. His hand slid lower and his fingers gently pushed her swollen wet lips apart.

Joyce finally let out a quiet moan, but stood as still as possible. A finger started to probe her. Not knowing what she was doing, Joyce spread her legs further apart. A finger slowly penetrated her and began moving in and out. A squishing noise emanated from her, as the speed of the movement increased. A second finger joined the first increasing the sexual tension. Joyce wanted to cum very badly and began moving her hips to meet the fingers. Bill removed his hand.

"Joyce, you have great discipline. You'll make a very good server. Please put the tray down and sit down again."

Joyce couldn't believe he had stopped when he did. She was now on fire and needed release. Sitting down she followed the earlier instruction and kept her legs open. Bill could now see moisture all over her pubic hair and knew she was ready for explanation of the next part of the job.

"Well Joyce you now understand what the serving part of the job will entail. It's time to explain what the entertainment part requires. Are you ready for more or would you like to leave now?"

Joyce thought I'm certainly not going to stop now! "Let's keep going."

"Okay follow me to the game room."

They walked to another section of the house, where Bill opened a door and stepped through. Joyce followed and looked around. 

"What is this room?"

"This is the entertainment center where you will be asked to perform certain tasks or follow certain instructions. For instance, you may be asked to sit on this," as Bill pointed to what appeared to be a half barrel with a dildo sticking up out of it.

"How would I sit on that?" Joyce asked.

"Use your imagination."

Joyce thought for a moment, omigod that thing would go up into me! She wiggled a little, trying to increase the friction between her legs. Hmmmm, maybe I could try it now. No! stop that thought. He's actually suggesting that I do sex acts in front of his friends, what kind of person am I? 

"Or we may place you on the wheel", as Bill pointed to the wall.

This pulled Joyce out of her deep thoughts.

On the wall was a wheel which had five straps on it. Four small ones in each corner and a larger one in the center. Below two straps were what appeared to be foot steps.

"Let's try this one out to see how you react to it. Come over here and turn around."

"Are you going to strap me into that thing?" 

"Yes, this will be part of how you provide the entertainment." responded Bill.

"I'll be defenseless."

"Yes, but if it makes you more comfortable we can establish a safe word. If you become uncomfortable with what's happening just say "Red" and I'll stop whatever activity immediately. Ok?"

"Ok." said Joyce.

Joyce then did as she was told. Bill first strapped the center belt around her waist. Then he strapped her left wrist in, followed by the right. He bent down and lifted her left foot onto the step and buckled it and repeated the process with the right. Joyce realized she was now totally immobilized and at his mercy. Bill stepped to a switch and flicked it. The whole mechanism moved up so that it was a foot off the floor. Joyce was no longer in control and wondered what would happen next. It wasn't long before she found out. Bill started to gently tug on her nipples, to which Joyce let out a soft moan. He then leaned forward and gently lifted her right tit and with a feather light touch of the tongue caressed its tip. Joyce let out a louder moan and involuntarily pushed her hips forward as far as they would go. At the same moment he slid a finger down the slit between her legs. Joyce was losing control and all she was able to think about was cumming. Bill suddenly stepped back and removed his hand and tongue.

Joyce let out a long plaintive moan.

"Let me show you how else this can be used."

Grabbing one side of the wheel he turned it until Joyce was upside down. The straps were padded so Joyce felt no discomfort. Bill stepped forward and Joyce quickly realized that her cunt was right at Bill's mouth level. She saw his hands move upwards and felt her soft labia being spread apart. This was followed by his tongue flicking softly across her glistening clit. Joyce let out an involuntary scream and wanted him to suck it into his mouth. In this position Joyce was right at eye level with Bill's crotch and could see that she was not the only one excited, there was a huge bulge in his pants. Her relief was not to be, after two more light licks Bill let go and stepped back. He rotated the wheel back and released Joyce. She was a little shaky as she stepped back onto the floor and her legs now glistened with moisture from the excitement.
