 Today started out like any other day, on the weekend of course. I got up, logged into my computer and I started surfing the web. The usual: Facebook, E-Mail, ESPN, YouTube, etc.

I proceeded to go upstairs because my stomached stated it was hungry. I walked over to my door and opened it. Taking my first step out I hear a somewhat subdued moan from across the hall. I halted immediately, grinning slightly, I continued to listen. I heard more moans, the high pitched drawn out ones I usually hear from girls I'm drilling with my hard dick. I hear two more, each a little quieter, then nothing. Ruffling sheets and blankets come from the room and I realize someone is coming to the door. I quickly make as if I was already halfway up the stairs when the door opened.

"Andrew?" said a sweet and soft voice. I stopped walking up the stair and turned my hair back to see who's sexy voice called for me. I see my roommate, standing there holding a blanket over her body. I see her bare shoulder, thick, slightly curled, fluffy, brown hair draping on one of her shoulder. 

"Yes?" I ask, a slight grin came across but I quickly mask it. She takes a step forward, revealing a smooth, bare leg from underneath the blanket. I glance at it, then back to her deep blue eyes. Her skin was a bit matted with a small layer of sweat covering her forehead. She smiles at me.

"I didn't realize you were here." she stated, looking into my eyes with curiosity. 

"I just woke up a little while ago. I though you went with James and them to go camping or something." I replied.

"No, I have to work later today, so I had my girlfriend spend the night with me."

My heart sped up a bit, knowing that just a minute ago they were enjoying each others pleasuring. I wondered if either were giving oral when I heard the moaning.

"I--" I started to say something than she cut me off.

"We were wondering," she started another woman stepped out from the room and wrapped her arms around Kamille, she smiled. "if you were interested in a little experiment?" she finished, grinning a seductive smile.

I smile in return and turn to face her, taking a step toward the 2 of them. "What kind of experiment?" 

"Well, neither of us have really--" she stopped and grabbed my hand, pulling me towards her. Her hand gently grabbed my shoulder as her other wondered down my chest, to my abs, to my thigh. My heart raced, my pupils dilated, my dick twitched in anticipation of what came next. Her hand continued down and felt my dick, just starting to grow, she smiled and grabbed it. She gave it gentle pumps as my mouth opened to draw in air. Kamille smile, as well as Shelly. 

Shelly wasn't under a blanket, wasn't covering her body with anything but Kamille. Kamille pulled me into the room, and by doing so the blanket fell away from her body revealing her large, firm, natural tits. Her body was agile, yet had gorgeous curves down her back and around her ribs. Shelly stepped around Kamille and grabbed my hand to pull me onto the bed in which they were just, "having fun" on. I looked her up and down. Seeing her tits weren't as large as Kamille's, yet still amazing. Her body was also curvy. Her back curved perfectly showing all that was needed. Her pussy shaved to perfection. They both laid down on the bed, leaning on their elbows looking up at me, each were groping my now throbbing dick. They smiled, and pulled down my shorts revealing what they had just made. They looked slightly nervous.

"We've never done anything with guys before, nothing serious. Just a little fooling around before we realized we weren't straight." Kamille said, then grinned at me.

"Mmmm, that's hot." I replied.

"So don't judge us, don't expect us to be amazing with you." added Shelly.

Shelly moved forward and started stroking my dick, Pre-Cum already streaming out getting her hand moist. I stared at enjoyment, then watched as Kamille moved forward and slid her lips over my hard dick. I felt her tongue slide against my head, she started to suck on my head. A wave of pleasure rushed over me.

This is so Fucking hot!!  I though to myself as I watched this super hot Lesbian suck on my dick. Shelly started stroking to the rhythm of Kamille sucking my dick. Shelly smiled and slid her hand over Kamille's body, feeling the curves. She slid further down reach behind and started rubbing her clit. 

I moaned, as she sucked my dick, I watched as Shelly went to work. I heard Kamille moan, I felt the low vibrations run up my dick. She sucked harder and faster, following Shelly's lead. Her hand stroking up and down, Kamille's mouth following. 

"How's that?" Shelly asks. 

I moan louder. "Oh my God! You're a natural! Both of you are!!" I gasp out.

Kamille stops, followed by Shelly. They grab me and pull me on top of Kamille. I raise my eyebrow, thinking only one thing, Sex.

"I've never had sex with a guy, I want to know." She states, then grins. "Be slow, until I say otherwise." 

I nod.

Shelly rubs Kamille's clit, then fingers her. Kamille moans in pleasure. I look down and see the wetness pouring out onto Shelly's fingers, It makes my dick throb harder. Shelly stops and strokes me with her juicy fingers. I moan slightly in acceptance. She positions my hard cock right at Kamille's pussy. I feel the wetness. Kamille places her hands on my ass and slowly pull me inside her. It's ultra tight and wet. I groan, but it goes unheard to Kamille's whale in pleasure. I smile, staring into her eyes. I'm all the way in.

"Oh my god! It feels amazing! I can feel your Cock throb in my tight pussy."

I pull back then back in. Thrusting slowly in and out of her tight pussy as she moans loudly with each thrust. "Faster!!" she yells at me. I oblige her. Thrusting faster and faster. Feeling her tight pussy get looser and wetter each time. I push all the way in and stop. She explodes with pleasure, moaning so loud Shelly puts her hand over Kamille's mouth. She smiles.

I push more, thrusting faster.

"Fuck." she says.

"This feels... Amazing!" I groan out. She starts panting and moaning faster and faster. She stops me and pushes me out. I feel her pussy tighten quickly, I then feel the gush of her pussy running down my dick. I look down and see her squirt all over my throbbing Cock. I moan out. "Fuck!!"

I stop and look at Kamille. She lay there, still squirting, twitching. Shelly moves forward and starts sucking my Cock. Tastinging all of Kamilles pussy juices on my dick.

"Mmmmm" she moans out, "Tastes so good!!" she exclaims to me and Kamille. I grin and moan. Shelly stops and pushes me on my back. She hovers over me, then slowly slides her pussy down my dick. She moans, then slams her pussy down and starts riding my hard. Places her hands on my chest and moves her hips forwards and back. I moan, throwing my head back. She smiles and moans with me. Her tight pussy starts pouring out as Kamille's did when she squirted. She stops and yells out with pleasure. I get on top of her and start fucking her like crazy, wanting to cum. I can feel every urge and desire to do so. She squirts again, I feel her pussy contract on my rock hard Cock. She push me away. 

"We'll finish you off our way." said Kamille grinning. She stands me up and they both kneel in front of me. I realize what's going to happen and Shelly grabs me and starts blowing my Cock. I moan, feeling Kamilles hand stroke with Shelly's mouth. They take turns blowing my dick. 

"Fuck this is insane!" I blurt out in excitement. They moan and smile.

"Cum for us! Cum for us Andrew!! Please! We want your cum!" They beg.

Kamille start suck me hardcore, letting my head press against her throat. That special feeling when she deep Throats. 

"Fuck!!" I groan. I feel my dick tingle. I start panting and moaning faster. Kamille sucks my head as she realizes I'm about to cum. She smiles and deep throats me, I feel my head push against the back of her throat. Shelly looks into my eyes.

"Cum for us! We want your cum! Please, Andrew, cum into her mouth. We want it!" Shelly begs. I feel the first pulse push my cum into her throat. I feel more and more.

"Ahh!! Fuck!! I'm Cumming!" I exclaim, moaning with each pulse. She slides back a bit and sucks on my head as Shelly strokes my throbbing shaft. I cum more, more than I have in a long time. Kamille pulls off my dick and Shelly goes on, sucking my head as I cum more.

"Oh god that's sooo hot!!!" I moan with pleasure. I finally finish my glorious orgasm and lay there as they both play with my dick as it dies down. They take turns sucking my head and stroking is it goes soft. 

I lay there, in her bed, think to myself.

I just get fucked by two Lesbians!!!  I grin. They both get up and start getting dressed. 

"I've got to work." Kamille states in a slightly saddened tone. "But we can play again!!" I just lay there and smile. 

I watch them get dressed and walk upstairs. I go to my room and watch them both walk to their own cars and drive off. Unable to stop thinking about what just happened. I smile and just lay down in my bed. I sit up and walk to my drawer smiling a bit bigger. I open up my drawer and pull out some lube and lay down, still grinning about the encounter I had just enjoyed.