 My two best guy friends, Jake and Derek, came over that Saturday morning to cheer me up. I poured three cups of fresh coffee and set out a plate of danishes, a sinful treat in honor of my being dumped by Stephen, my boyfriend of three years.

Neither Jake nor Derek had the decency to look like they felt bad for me.

"What you need," Jake said, as he chewed on a cheese danish, "is to purge him from your system."

"I could start drinking," I said. "That oughtta flush him right out."

Derek shook his head. "No, something more...dramatic, I think."

"Take a trip?" I suggested. "Maybe some sort of spiritual journey? Or a weekend at a health spa?"

Jake and Derek were my very gay next-door neighbors who adopted me minutes after I left Oklahoma for a job in Los Angeles. Jake was a lawyer at a non-profit organization downtown. Derek was an amazing hair stylist at an upscale salon in Hollywood. The two of them had become the brothers I'd never had. Plus, I now had really great hair.

"I've been thinking about this for a while now," Jake said. "I think that in order for you to find happiness in the next relationship, to rectify the karma, so to speak, you need to identify the single most problematic element of your relationship with Stephen and deal with it. Otherwise, you might just end up with another Stephen."

I sipped my coffee and thought about that for a moment. "Are you sure I only have to identify one problem? It seems like I could make a list."

Derek reached for a second danish. "If you really think about it, all of the other problems were just, I don't know, symptoms of the main one. Secondary problems."

I looked at Derek. "It sounds like you've already identified the primary problem."

"Come on, Emma," Derek gave me a pleading look. "Think."

I didn't know where to start. Stephen and I seemed to be pretty matched personality-wise. We both loved movies, hiking, traveling, reading, Mexican food.

"This is just pathetic," Jake said. "Either you're absolutely clueless, or too embarrassed to admit the problem."

I looked up.

"Sex," Derek said. "You were sexually incompatible."

"I take offense to that," I said. "The sex was fine."

"Was it? He always looked a heck of a lot cheerier when he left in the morning than you did when you left in the morning."

I blushed. There was something weird about knowing your two gay brother stand-ins were tracking your sexual progress.

"Here's what I think," Jake said. "I think that Stephen pursued you because he saw you as a cute, all-American good girl from Oklahoma. Which isn't a bad thing." He held up a hand before I could protest. "But you also have a pretty serious inner tigress who likes adventure. And when you figured out that he might be scared off by the inner tigress, you caged her up."

"The problem, as I see it," Derek said, "Is that Stephen picked up on the fact that you were holding something back from him, and that you weren't happy. And that's why he walked."

"And now you're worried that I'm going to keep my inner tigress locked up," I said, my eyebrows raised. "That's just weird, guys."

"Is it? What if, deep down, you're really worried that he picked up on that inner tigress? What if you think you just have to work harder to keep her caged up? You'll never be happy. The men you're with will never be happy. And then we'll never be happy," Jake said. "And you don't want us unhappy, right?"

I leaned back in my chair and nursed my coffee cup. This conversation was getting a little embarrassing for my all-American good-girl self. "So what's the cure?"

"A week of hot sexual escapades that will purge the lame missionary sex with Stephen right out of your soul," Derek said.

I burst into laughter.

"Uh, with whom?" I was laughing so hard that that my coffee was sloshing over the rim of my cup. "You guys?"

"I love you to bits, Emma, but you're just not my type," Jake said. "But we know a lot of guys -- and a few girls, too -- who would totally dig you."

I looked back and forth from Jake to Derek. "You're serious."

"Totally," Derek said.

"No fucking way," I said.

Jake pressed the back of his hand to his head in mock horror. "The inner tigress surfaced to utter a foul word, Derek."

"No," I said.

"You don't even know what we were going to say," Jake said.

"I don't have to. I don't think this is a good idea," I said. "Besides, I don't need your opinion of me to sink. I feel low enough all on my own right now."

Derek leaned forward on his arms and gave me the most serious look I've ever seen from him. "Sweetheart, there is nothing that we'd like more than to see you be comfortable with yourself. How could we think less of you for that? Especially a couple of guys like us?"

Both Derek and Jake were estranged from their families because they were openly gay. Derek's father, a man who preached "love everyone" from the pulpit, gave Derek the boot when he turned eighteen. Jake's family tried at first to be understanding, but when his nieces and nephews were born, Jake grew tired of how his sisters shielded their children from him. So he faded away.

I never really thought about how hard that must have been, leaving family and friends like that. Yet, I couldn't imagine Derek and Jake happy had they not been true to themselves.

"You think it will take a whole week, huh?"

"Look," Jake said. "Here's what I think you should do." He reached behind him to the kitchen counter, where I kept a pad of paper and ink pens near my cell phone charger. "Ask your inner tigress to name the three most daring things she would like to try. Three things that she's almost too embarrassed to even tell you about. Write them down, one to each piece of paper. Put them in an envelope and slip them under our door. We'll make it happen for you."

I could only sit there and blink. "You've got to be kidding me," I said.

"Think about it," Derek said. He and Jake kissed my cheeks and headed out the door.

***

I refused to think about it. I cleaned my apartment. No, I scoured my apartment. I went for a walk. Then I tried jogging. Then I rented a half-dozen movies. Two weeks passed, and I was restless, frustrated, embarrassed.

Then the dreams started. Very, very sexy dreams. I was tied up and naked and hands roamed my body. I was bent over a chair while being pounded by a giant cock. Mouths sucked on my nipples. Streams of cum shot across my chest.

For three nights in a row, I woke up hot, wet, sweating, needing. Pushing myself over the edge wasn't enough. I wanted more.

At three-thirty on a Wednesday morning, I sat at my kitchen table and picked up the pen and pad of paper with shaking hands.

Images of my dreams flashed through my mind. Even though I sat alone in my kitchen, my cheeks flushed with embarrassment. A good girl didn't have thoughts like this. A good girl didn't sit at her kitchen table, thinking about what kinds of crazy sex she secretly dreamed of having with people she didn't even know.

What the hell is the matter with me? I thought. I'm just writing down thoughts. I don't even have to show them to anyone. I can have fantasies. I can write them down.

I held my pen over the paper, poised to write.

It was four-fifteen, and I still hadn't written a single word.

When did I become such a coward?

Or is the problem that I couldn't narrow my list down to three? I giggled. Gee, Jake, I could picture myself saying, I hope you don't mind that I gave you thirty-five different pieces of paper. I hope you have that many friends.

Just write something, I said to myself. Anything. The first thing that comes to your mind.

I took a deep breath and wrote in the most honest tone I could muster:

I want to be tied up, blindfolded and fucked by men I don't know and will never see.

My heart raced so hard I could feel the pulse in my throat. With a shaky hand, I reached for a second piece of paper from the pad.

I want to taste pussy.

I couldn't believe I wrote that. I was so hot and so wet just thinking about it. I reached for a third piece of paper and thought about what my very last sexual fantasy might be.

I want two men at once. I want to ride a big cock while another cock is riding my ass.

I threw the pen on the table and jumped out of the chair. Tears of embarrassment streamed down my face, but I was so hot, so turned on, that I lay down on my living room floor and fingered myself into three orgasms before I was calm enough to sleep.

***

I slipped the envelope under Jake and Derek's door, hoping no one saw me do it. During the entire six-mile drive to work, which took a solid forty-three minutes in Los Angeles traffic, emotions tumbled around in my head. I couldn't believe I actually wrote down three fantasies. I couldn't believe I shared them with Jake and Derek. God, what were they going to think when they saw them? What were they going to do? What would my landlord think when a bunch of random people started visiting my apartment, and the oh-so-obvious sounds of wild sex could be heard through the walls?

I almost rear-ended the car in front of me twice.

And yet I was so, so very wet.

After work, I all but tip-toed back to my apartment. I just couldn't face Jake and Derek after what I was beginning to think of as The Envelope Incident. Relieved to go undetected, I locked the apartment's deadbolt and headed to the kitchen for a glass of water. My cell phone chimed its three-tone notice of a new text message. It was from Derek.

Biltmore downtown. 8 p.m. tonite. Rm 436.

Holy shit. That was only two hours from now.

Jake and Derek knew me well enough to know that I would look for a chicken exit if they gave me time to find one. They weren't going to give me much of a chance to back out.

I showered and headed for the Biltmore.

***

I found the elevator and pressed four. I stepped into the hallway and followed the arrows to 436. I stood in front of the door for what seemed like forever. I thought about walking away. I thought about running away. But then I thought about how one of my very own fantasies was supposed to be on the other side of that door. The hallway was empty. Who would know that I had been here? Who would know about this indulgence?

My inner tigress knocked on the door.

A tall, elegant woman with blue eyes and dark hair swept up into a knot answered the door. "I'm Evie," she said. "I'm here to help you get ready."

The room was actually a posh suite. We stood in the foyer, which lead to a large living room. Across the room were French doors, presumably leading to the bedroom.

Evie took my hand and lead me to the guest bathroom. She helped me undress and then gave me a lacy black robe to wear. I looked at myself in the mirror, my dark blond hair, my gray eyes, my pretty decent country-girl figure that was a little curvier and rounded than was preferred in Los Angeles. I felt self conscious and insecure.

Evie ran her eyes over what she could see through the robe. I felt a flash of heat as the approval registered on her face. "Jake was right," she said. "Nate and Alex will love you."

She led me across the living room and opened one of the French doors to the bedroom. Two incredibly hot men were inside -- one sitting on the giant California-King-sized bed, the other sitting in an armchair. Both men wore black robes. The men stood as I entered the room.

"This is Emma," Evie said. She untied the sash of my robe and, stepping behind me, pulled it off. "She's all yours." Evie let the robe pool on the floor before stepping out of the room and closing the door behind her.

I stood there, naked and somewhat in shock, unsure of what to do. The blond man who had been sitting on the bed walked over to me and traced a finger from my chin down past my collar bone to the valley between my breasts. He was at least a foot taller than me, tanned, muscular, and blue-eyed. I was wet just from looking at him.

"I'm Nate," he said. "Jake thought Alex and I could take extra special care of you."

Alex walked over to us and stood to my left. He traced my spine from my hairline down to my ass with the fingers of his right hand. Alex had an olive complexion, dark hair, dark eyes, and though a couple of inches shorter than Nate, was just as muscular.

"So perfect," Alex murmured. "Just like Jake promised."

I looked each man in the eye. They were serious.

"So what do we do now?" I whispered.

"Now we satiate your tigress," Nate whispered back, and put his lips on mine. They were both soft and hard, and oh, so perfect. I opened my mouth and let his tongue slide inside. I put one hand inside the opening of his robe, and he let go of me just long enough to shed it. His hands stroked my arms, and though my eyes were closed, I memorized the feel of his chest, his arms, followed the trail of hair down his chest, and brushed against his hot, velvety smooth cock.

I almost came on the spot.

Alex stood behind me, his teeth and tongue gliding and scraping along my neck. Shivers rippled over my skin. Nate fell to his knees before me and took my right nipple into his mouth. Alex held me up as I nearly crumpled with a moan.

I ran my hands through Nate's hair as he sucked and nibbled on my tits. Yes, tits, I thought. This is just too hot to think good and proper words. Tonight was about getting fucked.

My inner tigress growled with approval.

As he tugged on my left nipple with his teeth, his hand moved between my legs.

"God, you're ready," he said, almost in wonder. He rubbed his fingers over my clit, watched the syrupy wetness string from my pussy to his lips as he tasted his fingers. He pushed two fingers deep inside me. I was on the brink of an earth-shattering orgasm when I felt Alex gently spread my ass cheeks apart. Kneeling behind me, he ever-so-gently licked that most-delicate spot.

My control shattered and I came, holding on to Nate to keep from falling over.

"Now," Nate said. He stood and led me to the bed. He grabbed a condom off of the nightstand and rolled it down the length of his cock. He threw a second one to Alex, who did the same thing.

Nate lay down on the bed, his legs hanging over the end.

"Climb on top of me, Emma," he said. Mesmerized, I straddled him, facing him, my hands on his chest, my pussy rubbing over the head of his cock. He held it in place. "Now," he said, and I slid down the length of cock until my lips were pressed against his skin. He moaned as my muscles stroked and squeezed him.

"God, don't move," he said. "Just lean forward a little."

I tilted toward him, let him cup my tits in his hands. He tugged at my nipples. "Does that feel good, Emma?" He asked as I moaned. "Do you want me to play harder?" His cock inside me pulsed and I moaned. "Tell me, Emma. Tell me what you want."

"Yes," I said. "I love it when you're rough with them." He squeezed my breasts harder and tugged harder on my nipples. Electricity shot from my tits to my clit.

Behind me, Alex was pouring lube over his fingers. "Just relax," he whispered, and gently rubbed my asshole with cool, wet strokes. My skin was on fire. I didn't know if I was going to last long enough to get to the final deed. Nate's cock pulsed inside me.

"Have you ever done this before?" Alex asked.

"Only myself, with a dildo," I admitted.

"Tell me what you liked about it," he told me, his fingers still feather-light, dancing around my still-tight sphincter.

I moaned.

"Tell me," he said again. "Tell me why you want a cock in your ass."

"God," I said, "It feels so good to be...full," I said. "It feels so good to be stretched to the point of it hurting. It turns me on to think about it being a cock, holding me open like that..." I sobbed with pleasure as he slipped a finger into my ass. He worked it in and out. The walls of my pussy pulsed around Nate's cock, which pulsed in response.

"More," I said to Alex. "I want more." Doing my bidding, Alex slipped in another finger.

"I love the way you're opening up for me," he said, and slipped in a third finger.

"Please," I begged, "I can't wait anymore."

"Tell us what you want, Emma," Nate commanded from beneath me. "Tell us what you want us to do to you right now."

"God, Alex, please," I begged, "Please. I want your cock deep inside me. I want you moving in me. I want to ride Nate. I just want you both to fuck me. Now. Please!"

Alex stood between Nate's knees and pushed his long, hard cock into my ass. I stifled a scream as he invaded my ass, pushed deep inside me. I felt so hot, so full...Alex moved in long, steady strokes, which slid me up and down the length of Nate's cock. I was sure I would be torn to pieces.

Alex's hands roamed my back as Nate and I kissed. The blood roared in my head. I couldn't think. I could barely breathe. At any moment I was going to shatter -- closer, closer, closer to the edge, until I finally let my body go, felt my ass and my pussy squeezing, gripping, both cocks hard and fast as I thrashed with the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. Nate grabbed my hips and gave a hard thrust and I felt his head spasm inside me. Then Alex gripped my hips hard and with three more quick strokes, shouted with his own orgasm.

I collapsed on top of Nate.

Alex collapsed on top of me.

For a moment, the only sound in the room was that of rapid breathing, slowly calming down.

"Ready?" Alex asked. I nodded. He slowly pulled himself out of my ass. I gasped at how empty I suddenly felt.

"Your turn," Nate said, and I lifted my body off of Nate's cock.

I thought it would be awkward, once we were finished. But it wasn't awkward. I felt strong and fulfilled and thrilled.

Nate wrapped my robe around me as he kissed me. "You're a treasure, Emma," he said. He turned me towards the double French doors. "Evie's waiting for you."

***

Two evenings later, I received another text message, this time from Jake.

"Tigress -- Omni downtown. Rm 1605. 9 PM."

I wondered which of the two remaining fantasies it would be this time. I also wondered what I would owe Jake and Derek for their expensive taste in hotels. I took the elevator to the sixteenth floor, more excited than nervous this time, ready for my prize on the other side of the door to room 1605.

I knocked. Evie answered the door.

"The others will be here soon," Evie said. "I'll help you get ready."

Evie led the way to a luxurious bathroom complete with a sunken marble tub and shower with multiple shower heads. Without asking, she pulled the zipper down the back of my dress, trailing her fingers down my back.

"Too bad I'm not your fantasy tonight," she murmured. The dress fell to the floor, and I unclasped my bra and pulled off my thong. Evie held up my attire for the night -- a teddy with cutouts for the tits and an open crotch.

"Wow," I said, as I stood in front of the mirror admiring the teddy. Hell, even I wanted to have sex with myself in that outfit.

I followed Evie to the giant four-poster bed. A black eye mask lay on a pillow, and sets of velvet cuffs were attached to the posts with long silky ropes. My heart pounded even faster.

"Why so many cuffs?" I asked Evie.

She smiled at me knowingly. "It depends on what they decide to do with you," she said. "But I have specific instructions regarding your first fuck of the night. Lie on your back across the bed."

Evie wrapped a cuff around each wrist and each ankle. I was spread-eagle across the width of the bed, my tits exposed, air swirling around my open crotch. Evie fitted the mask over my eyes, the elastic around my head. She ran a hand from my collarbone to my crotch. My nipples hardened and my pussy grew wet from her touch.

"I'll be back to get you ready for round two," she said, and quietly left the room.

A few minutes later, I heard the door open and close. Heavy footsteps approached the bed. There was a rustle of fabric -- maybe a robe coming off? -- and then I jerked against my restraints when large hands groped my tits.
