 Of course this isn't how lab testing is conducted, but this is a silly fantasy.

*****

"Come on, Susan. It's for science!" said Donny Sherman, the lab assistant.

Along with Donny, I was surrounded by the other eight associates of our team at the science lab. They were all male except for me. We at "SexTek Pharmaceuticals" had been working together for nearly two years, founded and funded by a billionaire playboy named James Tyrell, III, who was determined to create a catalog of the best sexual enhancement drugs on the market. Even though we had some great minds on the team, our efforts had come up short and we had yet to bring a product to market.

Our first attempt at creating something unique was pursuing a real-world aphrodisiac. A drug that would instantly get any man or woman horny the moment it was consumed. Nothing we came up with seemed to work until Wendell Smith, the assistant team leader, concocted a chemical compound that stimulate men intensely. We redirected our efforts to modifying this chemical, heightening its effects, to make men ejaculate on contact. We thought it showed great potential as a sexual aid for men who have trouble climaxing. Couples would be able to play together for some time and when ready, they could apply the chemical to the man to finish him off so he would experience sexual release. It was a brilliant idea and a product I was proud to be working on. I imagined something like this could make the bedroom fun again for middle-age couples and even the elderly. Who knew how many marriages we could save with this product? We were doing good work!

Our latest batch, labeled IE-3B, showed the most promise. When directly applied to a penis, the appendage would immediately sprint to attention, rock-hard. We tested it on all the men in the group numerous times. Fortunately, they were kind enough to allow me to excuse myself when they went through the physical testing process. They would each work alone in their cubicles and simply record their personal experiences and results.

After some time, Donny discovered that applying water or saliva to the IE-3B enhanced the effects remarkably and orgasm seemed guaranteed. It was just the result we were striving for. For whatever reason, the extra wetness served as a catalyst to achieve climax. The group tested this experience by either licking their hand and touching themselves, or dipping their fingers in a bit of water before touching or stroking. Every time, the test subject experienced orgasm immediately, even when attempting to hold it back.

"Come on, Susan. Everyone else who works here is a guy," pleaded Donny. "It's hard enough asking them to participate in these experiments day after day, which they have done plenty already, may I remind you, but to have one of us guys apply the chemical and then ask the others to test it out on him? That's just going too far."

The idea was this: since the chemical appeared to work perfectly with saliva, we would try manufacturing this as a lip balm. Imagine having sex with your significant other and when ready, simply apply the balm and kiss your partner on his genitals, allowing him to climax immediately. I had to admit, it was a great idea.

But now, the group wanted to test the lip balm product. Of course, none of the men wanted to volunteer as the guinea pig: the recipient of the lip balm.

"Can't we hire a girl off the street?" I asked, looking back at Donny.

"We have to get these results to Mr. Tyrell by tomorrow. We're already two weeks behind schedule. If we can bring the results of this as a break-though product to him, like this has the potential to be, we'll keep our jobs. Perhaps for another ten years! We don't have time to find anyone to test this... for something so... unusual."

Donny was right. Mr. Tyrell was due to come in tomorrow for the quarterly meeting. For the past three quarters, he had threatened dissolving the company or hiring a new team, if we didn't start producing results. Honestly, we needed something big and this was it.

"OK, then," I said. "But just on my lips. I'm not going to be slobbering all over your dicks."

"That's fine," said Donny. "I'm sure we'll get more than enough data to push Mr. Tyrell forward with this. And to secure our jobs! Fuck, think how successful this product will be. This lip balm will sell better than Viagra! Think about the raises we're gonna get!"

The money would be good, I thought to myself, but the thought of all my co-workers placing their dicks on my lips made me twinge. Most of them were fairly young. The oldest was Henry Johnson at 41 and Donny, at 26, was the youngest. Donny was fresh out of college with a PhD in bio-chemical engineering. They weren't necessarily unattractive, but they could at best be described as "awkward." Essentially, they were nerds. Pin-head scientists, hardly any of them had any experience with a member of the opposite sex. 

Unlike them, I existed fine outside the walls of a science lab. At the age of 33, I still had a nice figure, with 36-Cs, to boot. Actually, it was a very full C, as my boobs probably fit better in a D-cup bra, but I preferred the tight fit of the former to enhance my cleavage. I also had a slim waist and an ass that got its firmness from the dedication of regular gym workouts.

My boyfriend, Scott, was no scientist. He was one of the personal trainers at the gym I'd joined. Most of our late-night conversations consisted of the latest sports game; never about my work, which was over his head, anyway. That, I just kept it to myself. It didn't bother me too much that we were intellectually miles apart. I enjoyed playing in his playground and his faithful appreciation of me. I ensured getting his permission before agreeing to this and surprisingly, he seemed thrilled of the product's potential and granted me a pass on helping with this trial. 

Donny handed me a vial that contained a generous helping of IE-3B.

"Apply it liberally," he said. "We want a fair trial."

I hesitantly grabbed the vial and opened it, squeezing the tan cream on my fingertips and slowly spreading it over my lips, procrastinating, but knowing doing so just prolonged the inevitable. I couldn't believe I was being talked into this. I finished by smacking my lips together and ensured that I had full and fair coverage of the chemical. It did give off a slight tingle and I said as much.

"Yeah, we know that tingle," said Donnie.

"Now what?" I asked.

"Well, uh... I guess I'll go first," he said. "Should we move into a private cubicle." 

All the other scientists were still huddled around us. I looked at them and turned back to Donnie, "No, let's just get this over with as quickly as possible." I sat down in the closest chair, squeezed my lips together, puckering them out, and looked up at Donny. I gave him a "hurry-it-up" look with my eyes. 

Donny dropped his pants and out flopped a 4-incher. Limp, I suppose the size was fine, but I'd seen plenty bigger. Hell, Scott's was easily an inch longer when limp, not to mention, quite a bit thicker.

Donny moved in closer and said, "Just lean in and touch it with your lips."

I let out a sigh and did as instructed. The moment his penis brushed against my upper lip, I felt a sharp sensation shoot from my skin to his penis. It was almost like a healthy jolt of electricity, but without any discomfort. Donny's penis immediately jumped to attention, veins pumping hard underneath the skin. His cock certainly looked more impressive in this state, and now very much rivaled my boyfriend when erect.

"Oh my," Donny exclaimed, jerking back with a start. "That was something else! Different than I've ever felt before with this stuff... yet... I still didn't orgasm. Strange. And it kind of hurts, like it needs to go, but can't."

"What are you suggesting?" I asked, looking at him skeptically.

"Perhaps more saliva. Would you mind licking your lips more?"

At this point, I just wanted to get it over with. I rolled my wet tongue across my lips, lubricating them well.

"Are you ready?" he asked

I was barely in the process of saying, "Go ahead," my mouth open in mid-sentence, when Donny shoved the tip of his penis against my bottom lip. I felt another strong jolt erupt from my lips, conducting this bizarre energy straight to his penis. Without warning, thick liquid shot out of Donny like a jet stream, spraying the roof of my mouth. I shoved him back and cum went slinging across the room, much of it landing on my chin and my blouse. Donny moaned loudly in what I could only assume was deep pleasure. 

"You asshole!" I yelled.

"I'm sorry," said Donny. "I couldn't wait. I had to see if it would work! I was in pain!"

"You could have warned me, you know!" Cum was dripping off my lips as I scorned him and I knew I must have looked ridiculous to the other colleagues in the room. I wiped off the mess with the sleeve of my blouse and then noticed exactly how much Donny had spewed. It was all over my upper garment, drenching it. I could feel the wetness of it all soaking through to my skin.

"Gross, Donny!" I said. "You're everywhere!"

"Wow," he said, staring at me. "I don't think I've ever cum that much at one time before."

"And it's sick!" I exclaimed.

"No. It's wonderful! If we can reproduce this with others, we're going to be so rich!"

"Can you at least get me a towel?" I asked.

"Yeah, that might be a good idea." He quickly barked orders to Shannon, the lowest guy on the totem pole, to run to the bathroom and grab a roll of paper towels.

"If the rest of us respond in the same way...," said Henry Johnson, interrupting, "... well, I don't know how to put this... but you're going to be a mess!"

"You're right," I said, "I need a lab coat."

I began unbuttoning my blouse. At this point, I didn't care if everyone saw my tits for just a moment. All of them were going to be dangling their cocks in front of me, anyway. It couldn't get any worse than that.

I peeled the blouse off and my tits practically popped out of the tight-fitting bra I was wearing. Of course, this wasn't unusual as I tend to wear these tight-fitting bras, but I usually save removing a shirt or blouse for the bedroom! I definitely would have worn a different bra that covered more if I'd known I'd be removing the blouse.

Peter Simmons pushed his way through the crowd and said, "I guess I'll go next." He unzipped his pants and pulled his fleshy member out. It was far thicker than any one I'd ever seen, and being in its flaccid state, I wondered how much bigger it would get.

"Well?" he asked, standing above me.

"I was waiting on the lab coat," I said, pointing at the men who had just left to fetch one.

"Come on. I have to leave early today. Mom's in town and I hardly ever see her. Let's do this and get it over with," he said in a flat tone.

I could tell Peter was actually uncomfortable about putting his cock in my mouth and just wanted to get it over with. He was honestly acting no different than me. I took pity on him and carefully placed both my lips on the head of his penis. It exploded to maximum size and looked as if the veins would burst through the skin. 

"Oh my God! It hurts!!" he cried. "I have to cum!"

His body thrashed for a moment, before he was finally able to thrust his cock toward me again. Noticing how discomforting it was for him, I immediately opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around the fat head of his member. Ejaculate filled my mouth in an instant. I swallowed hard, trying to take it all in for him, but it was too much, so I pulled back allowing him to finish off on my bra, soaking it.

Peter was gasping hard for air, but it was obvious he was feeling much relieved after cumming so hard.

"That was amazing," he said. "The best orgasm of my life!"

I looked around. The other scientists stood there with their mouths agape, obviously turned on by the site, regardless whether they'd come into contact with IE-3B or not. Hard-ons could be seen through every pair of trousers.

"Alright," I said, ripping the bra off from the front, ruining the back clasps. My tits bounced up and down, as I turned toward the large group. 

"Who's next?" I opened my mouth wide and closed my eyes.

Within five seconds, another dick slid into my mouth and I felt that jolt again, along with whoever's cock it was, get instantly rock solid. Warm, thick goo shot to the back of my throat and I let it fill the entire orifice before pulling it out. I held my tits up and let the scientist finish on them. I didn't even bother looking up to see who it was and already, three more guys had lined up behind him. I pushed him aside and jumped on the next man, wrapping my mouth firmly around his limp dick. I wanted to feel it harden in my mouth. Almost magically, it happened so suddenly.

More cum filled my throat and I swallowed hard yet again. It was bitter, but I was so horny by this point I didn't care. If I had to do this experiment, I might as well make the most of it, I thought to myself. I was going to taste them all. I would own their cocks with my mouth.

The moment I was done with one, another cock would appear in my face and I would quickly open up again. I wanted more. Much more! My thirst for it increased which each orgasm that exploded in my mouth.

Sperm splashed hard against the insides of my cheeks as I wrestled to contain the next load. I wanted to swallow every drop. My pussy was raging with its own tingling sensations and I ripped my skirt and panties off.

"Somebody fuck me while I finish off the rest. I need to cum... badly!"

Immediately, Henry Johnson, the 41-year-old, jumped in, lifting my ass up as he put me on all fours on the floor. He rammed his cock inside me, knowing I'd be soaking wet, easy to penetrate. 

"Oh, yes!" I screamed. "Somebody, quick! Put another dick in my mouth!"

The words barely escaped my lips as another cock made its way inside my mouth and again, in a flash of a moment, the hot, throbbing member was gushing sperm. The cock's owner pulled out and sprayed all over my face, coating my pores. With that and Henry's stiff cock ramming me, I climaxed hard, the first of many. Henry could feel me squeezing his dick and I could tell he, too, was getting close.

"No," I said, pulling Henry out of me. "My lips have to touch it! The experiment, remember?" 

I opened wide and again, wrapped my lips over the top of his penis. Henry possessed by far the longest dick of the group, easily nine inches or more. His sperm filled my mouth and I continued to swallow, instigating another orgasm of my own.

I couldn't believe my male colleagues were essentially having their way with me, but then again, I felt as if I was actually having my way with them. Without provocation, I began hopping from man to man, pinning them down and making them cum again in my face. Even those who had already cum couldn't stop a second, or even a third, orgasm from occurring. The moment my wet lips covered their cocks, they were depositing their semen in me. Climax was always instantaneous and uncontrollable. Several of the guys finally got away before I could torment them more, but I easily held three or four others down as I buried my face over their cocks again and again. So many multiple orgasms were possible with this cream, I thought and that thought kept me insatiable as well, it seemed.

Within twenty minutes, I lay in a pool of cum and several of the men were passed out about the floor around me

Finally, Donny spoke up.

"I think the cream might also have an effect on you," he said.

"Yes, I think you're right," I responded. "I've never felt this slutty in my life! All I could think of was sucking more cock and getting off."

Donny got up and walked over to me, about to ask me more questions. I jumped on his dick once more and again, he reacted with an immediate orgasm. I allowing it to flow like lava into my mouth. 

"You have to stop. It's wearing me out," he said, after a full 30 seconds of this treatment.

"In just a bit," I said, muffled, while swallowing more cum. I pulled him out again and said, "I just want to thank you for letting me participate in the experiment... in my own special way." 

"How so?"

"By doing it just once more..."