 It WAS his idea.......at first.

But, after that first encounter with another couple, after that first time I fucked another guy while he fucked the guy's wife on the same bed, next to me, I was hooked on the idea of swinging.

Our sex life had grown stale after several years of marriage but, I thought, we were too young to be having sexual problems in our relationship. Nevertheless, too young or not, the problems were there. I no longer 'got off' from his fucking of me, though many times I pretended I did only to get myself off in the bathroom when I went to 'clean' up after sex.

So, long story short, when he suggested trying the lifestyle to spice up our love life, I didn't fight the suggestion. He was bored. I was bored. Why the hell not? was my thought on the matter. Besides, I reasoned with myself, I'd only had sex with three guys in my life so, yeah, why not expand my sexual resume, I reasoned.

While that first encounter with that couple started us on this road, it was the second, unexpected encounter that set the tone for our 'other life', our life as swingers........

"See anything you like?" Jack asked as we sat at the bar of the 'Social Club' (read-Swingers' Club) on that weekend night. 

We were told about the club on the night of our first foray into the lifestyle while the four of us lounged in the glow of after-sex. Jack and I talked about it and decided that we'd check it out. We did. We liked the premises. We joined.

What the hell, in for a penny, in for a pound.

"Lots of attractive couples here," I answered as I scanned the large lounge area of the club.

"Just so you know," Jack remarked, "I'd be okay with another guy in a three-way," his grin punctuating the comment.

"Good to know," I replied, non-commitally, my eyes locking on a couple at the end of the bar. As I watched the attractive couple, the woman leaned in and kissed her husband? beau? on the lips and, turning to the couple sitting next to them, nodded her head and walked off with the other couple towards the 'play-rooms'.

"Interesting," I remarked to Jack, relating to him what I had witnessed.

"Shame to let him sit there alone, don't you think?" Jack said as he walked to the end of the bar, spoke a few words to the now-single guy, returning with him following.

"Bob, my wife, Shari," Jack said in way of introduction. Taking his offered hand, I shook it, returning his smile while doing so.

"Good to meet you, Shari," Bob said as his eyes took in the cleavage that my bra-less 34Cs were providing in my blouse, opened to the third button.

Over a drink, Bob nonchalantly told us of his wife's acceptance of the couple's invite to party with them as their third in a threesome.

"She likes partying with other couples from time to time....it's all good," Bob said with a smile.

"And you?" Jack asked.

"I've never refused an invite to make love to another man's wife or girlfriend along with him," Bob replied with a grin in my direction.

I felt a rush of heat in my crotch that dampened my panties.

"Shari?" Jack said, his eyebrows raised in a questioning manner.

"Sounds like fun," I replied in answer, my panties a bit wetter when I did.

"This way," Bob said to us as he took my hand in his, Jack following us as we walked towards the party rooms at the back of the club.

There were eight party rooms at the club and the rules were simple; first come (no pun intended), first served. If a door was closed, it was occupied and private; if opened and occupied, it was an open invite for others to watch and/or participate.

"Looks like we're in luck," Bob said as we entered the last room that was opened and unoccupied.

"Lucky me," I quipped, my stomach fluttering a bit in nervousness of my first three-way. Gently pulling me into his arms, Bob allayed my nervousness with a very sensual kiss and a gentle hand on my bra-less breast.

Bob was a good kisser, his mouth warm and tender, his tongue long and wet. As I happily allowed his tongue free access to my mouth and throat, I let him lead my hand down to his crotch until his erection was filling my palm.

Damn! If what I was feeling was all cock then I was doubly glad that Jack initiated this threesome. I slowly caressed his thickness, feeling it grow ever longer and thicker as I did so. Until now, the largest cock I'd ever had was Jack's six and a half-inch, moderately thick, dick. I roughly judged Bob's cock to be at least nine inches and roughly half-again as thick as Jack.

Yea for me!!

As Bob and I continued to kiss and fondle each other, I felt Jack move against me from behind, his noticeably smaller hard-on pressing against my ass through my thin skirt. Jack's hands reached around my body and began undoing my blouse, slipping it from my arms before he undid and removed my skirt leaving me in an embrace with Bob while only in my panties.

I was so turned on at that point that, while sucking on Bob's deliciously long tongue in my mouth, I almost ripped the buttons from his shirt in an effort to get him naked. Breaking our kiss but for a moment, he quickly stripped, pulling me to lay on the large sheet-covered mat that was the top tier of the three tiered playing area. I should point out that all play-rooms had a supply of freshly laundered and sanitized linens and members were required to strip and replace their play areas before leaving a room.

So involved was I in stroking and kissing Bob, I sorta' forgot that my husband was also in the room with us. Truthfully, I really didn't care at that point because I was soooo ready for some serious big-dick sucking and fucking that it was the only thing I was thinking about.

I broke my kiss with Bob, intending to kiss my way down his chest and stomach in prelude to my getting a mouthful of his cock. Bob stopped me and laying me on my back, he swiftly moved between my legs, slipping down on the mat and dropping his mouth to my now-drenched panties. He 'mouthed' my snatch through the wet material, the combination of his warm mouth and my wet panties sending my excitement into another dimension. Slipping his fingers in the waist band, he had them off of me in a nano-second, his mouth and tongue now surrounding and invading my pussy, guttural sounds of moans and gasps escaping my mouth so talented was he.

Peeling the folds of my cunt aside, his snake-like tongue slowly slithered inside, tasting and licking my pussy as it had never been before.

"Oooooh, sweet Jesus, don't stop, please don't stop......." I cooed as I felt my orgasm build from his cunnilingus of me, my hands gripping his head and hair, my stomach fluttering with impending climax.

Slipping his hands under the cheeks of my ass, he raised me up while increasing his oral assault, teasing me by backing off before I 'popped', letting it all build up again to even greater heights. Feeling the mat near my head sink a bit, I realized that Jack was moving so that his cock was near my mouth. Turning my head as Bob continued to eat me in ways I had never had before, I sucked all of Jack into my mouth quickly, hurridly. Taking a hand from Bob's head, I started stroking Jack as I sucked him, my only thought being to get him off quickly so that I could devote my full attention to fucking Bob.

Yeah, I know.....but hey, it is what it is. That's what I was thinking and feeling.

And it worked.

Jack didn't last five minutes before he got off, filling my mouth with a very nice amount of his jism which I greedily sucked and swallowed. I happen to like swallowing cum, liking the taste and feel of it as it slides down my throat.

After I finished sucking and licking my husband's cock, I released it from my mouth just as Bob pulled me tight to his mouth while wiggling his tongue inside of me. Before I knew what hit me, I orgasmed, two or three in a row, which had me moaning my satisfaction quite loudly I was told. I don't remember, honestly, as I was relishing the climaxes.

Lifting his head from between my legs, Bob slowly moved up and over me until I could feel the tip of his huge cock-head pushing, gently, against my super-wet pussy. Opening my legs wider while pulling Bob close to me with my arms, he slowly entered me as I raised my legs to wrap and cross behind the small of his back. When he was about half-way in, he started stroking it, slowly, in and out, slowly getting it deeped inside of me, slowly stretching my pussy wider than it had ever been in my life, and it felt so incredibly good, let me tell you!

My fingers gripped his muscled arms tighter and tighter as our synced body movements grew faster and harder, his ass a blur as he pounded his monster cock into me deep, our pubic bones smashing against the other's. God, but did it feel good. I remember thinking, at some point of our fuck, 'So this is what it's like to be really fucked!'.....

Bob lasted at least twenty minutes before he could hold back no longer and filled my well-fucked snatch with, what felt like, gallons of sperm. God bless him for his longevity. I came so many times that I quit counting after six. And not 'wee ones' either, I'm talking body-shaking, pussy-quaking, orgasms!

I kissed him long and hard after he came inside of me, loving how it felt as he slowly removed his now, semi-erect, firehose from my cunt. He rolled onto his back, his head next to mine. Leaning up on an elbow, he bent down and kissed me tenderly, sweetly, which I returned in like manner. 

Just as his hand found my tits as we kissed, I suddenly felt Jack's mouth on my pussy, his tongue licking Bob's cum from my pussy-lips, his tongue dipping into my love-canal, licking and sucking as much of Bob's cum as he could.

And I liked it! I liked that he was doing that! I really, really did. I opened my legs wider so that he could lick and suck as much of Bob's and my juices as he could. After a while, Jack stopped his cleansing of me and joined Bob and I, all three of our heads near each other's, me switching between Bob and my husband, kissing lustfully. Casually brushing my hand across Bob's cock, I found him almost fully erect again.

Perfect!

Slipping from between Jack and Bob, kneeling, now, between them, I took each cock in my hands, slowly stroking them and rubbing their juices and wetness around their cock-heads. As I stroked both, the difference in cock sizes was quite apparent. I had never suck a cock as big as Bob's. Well, not at that point, at least.

Bending, I widened my mouth and lowered it over Bob's cock while continuing to stroke Jack's dick. As expected, he didn't take long to get off, spewing his cum down his cock and my hand. As I let him lift my hand to his mouth so that he could clean off his own sperm, I focused my concentration to getting as much of Bob as I could into my mouth and throat. God, it felt and tasted so damned good to feel that much cock inside of my mouth.

As it was when we fucked, my sucking session of his dick lasted what seemed like forever....but, I'm not complaining. I was finding that I really, really prefer sucking big cocks to small ones. 

But it was when, at one point, that I opened my eyes and saw my husband, Jack, watching me as I serviced another man. Watching me and stroking his dick while doing so, a gentle smile on his mouth, a smile of contentment, I thought at the time. Keeping his eyes locked with mine, I sucked harder on Bob's big cock, more seductively, sucking on it while eye-fucking my husband as I sucked another man's dick.

Strangely, when I first registered the globs of cum slamming into the back of my throat, Jack climaxed at the same time. Watching his dick spew jism as I was feeling a cock spewing jism down my throat was a remarkably, sensual event that was so strong that I, too, had a mini-quake of climax.

Starting with Jack, I sucked and licked his spillage from his body, doing the same with Bob, afterwards.

Realizing that we had been in the playroom for over an hour, we all decided to dress and have a drink at the bar while Bob waited for his wife to finish her 'thing' if she already hadn't. Cleaning up and re-sheeting the mat, we joined the public area once more, the shit-eating grins of sexual satisfaction obvious to a blind man, judging by the knowing return smiles from others as we passed.

"I hope you left some fuck in him for me after we get home," joked Bob's wife, Mindy, after we were introduced in the bar.

"If his stamina is any indicator, he should have plenty left in the tank for you," I joked back, exchanging a hug and cheek-kiss with Mindy.

"I know! Fucker can fuck forever! Can't he?" Mindy said with a chuckle.

"Yeppers," was all I could reply.

We shared a drink, exchanged numbers, and kissed a girl for the first time before we parted. After we had cleaned up and washed our hands after using the bathroom before leaving the club, Mindy suddenly kissed me, taking my head in her hands as she did so. I was startled and surprised.....and, I realized, aroused. Never kissed a girl before. Liking it now, I remember thinking as I slowly began returning her kiss.

"If ever you can sneak away from Jack to come and play with Bob and I, I promise that you won't regret it, sexy lady," Mindy cooed, her lips 'almost' still touching mine.

"Sounds tempting," I replied, "let's talk later in the week."

We did talk later in the week......but that's the next story.