 The Ethical Slutmaker, Ch. 14

The Halloween Party, Part III

"You're late," said Naomi, doing her best to sound stern. "The party started an hour ago."

Farah and Ethan -- better known to their mistress as Slut and Slave -- bowed their heads, knowing it would be pointless to apologize. Naomi looked them up and down, quietly appreciating their costumes. Farah was dressed as Cleopatra a la Hollywood's Theda Bara, while Ethan continued the Egyptian archaeology theme with Indiana Jones's fedora, leather jacket, gunbelt, and whip. Their mistress hurried them into the house, closed the door behind them, and ordered them to follow her. Farah looked up briefly at the four other people in the dining room, then quickly ducked her head again. She was unsurprised to see Rita, the practice's nurse, standing behind the bar, and only mildly surprised that she was already topless if not nude, but the man dressed as Legolas was Yuri, her hairdresser from Lavish Styles. Naomi told them to wait, and disappeared into the living room. A moment later, she returned and whispered to Rita, "Where's DeMonique?"

"Sitting on the Sen -- ah, Penny's face," Rita replied quietly. "She may be some time."

"Damn. I thought she might want to play with these two."

"Wouldn't that be too much like work? I thought she wanted to take the night off."

"She's talking about moving back here; she might want some new clients. Besides, the woman's hot. Can you take over for me? They're both bottoms, and I'm not into this BDSM shit."

"What do they like?" 

Rita's nipples tightened as Naomi quickly and quietly described her most recent session with the submissive couple, and she resisted the urge to lick her lips. "Okay," she murmured, "you've talked me into it." She stepped out from behind the bar, naked but for her fuck-me pumps and the aphrodisiac gloss on her nipples, and walked up to Ethan. "Okay, Slave, Mistress Naomi is very disappointed that you were so disobedient as to turn up late."

"I'm sorry, Mistress."

"Don't look at her! You're going to have to earn the right to look at her again! And that means you're going to have to do everything I say - and that goes for you, too, Slut. Do you both understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good. Follow me." She led the way up the stairs to one of the guest bedrooms, well aware that both Ethan and Farah were watching her ass as she walked. "Okay, now get those clothes off. You Americans, always overdressing for the wrong occasions. And give me that whip."

Ethan, startled, hesitated, and Rita reached down and grabbed his balls, squeezing gently. "Didn't you hear me, Slave?"

"Yes, Mistress. Sorry, Mistress." He unhooked the bullwhip from his belt and handed it to her, butt first. She took the handle and examined it.

"Nice," she said. "Makes me come over all Mapplethorpe. Do you want me to use this on you, Slave?" 

Ethan shook his head.

"Hmm. How about you, Slut?"

Farah let her skirt fall to the floor. "No, Mistress."

"Hmm. Probably just as well. The ceiling probably isn't high enough -- though I'm sure there's enough room to swing a cat, if you like that sort of thing." She licked the whip's braided leather handle, then rubbed it over her breasts, then slowly slid the handle into her already wet cunt. She sat on the end of the bed as she fucked herself with the whip, then withdrew it, ran her tongue around the butt, then threw her head back and deep throated the foot-long handle like a carnival sword swallower. While her toys finished stripping, she withdrew the whip and dropped it on the floor. Ethan's erection, she was pleased to see, was at least as thick as the bullwhip's handle, and impressively long.

"Slut. Lie on the bed, spread your legs and show me how wet you are."

"Yes, Mistress. Face up or face down?"

"Face up, for now. If I think you deserve a spanking, I'll tell you. " She watched as Farah obeyed, then ran a finger teasingly around her plaything's clit before slipping it between her dark puffy labia. "Hardly even damp," she said disapprovingly, then squatted between her spread thighs and rubbed one of her beautiful breasts over Farah's furry cunt. "There's a naked man with a big hard cock standing over there, and a naked woman fucking your twat with her tit; you should be wet enough that Slave should be able to slide his dick inside you balls-deep. Fuck, I should be able to feel your minge sucking my entire boob in there, not just the nipple!"

"I'm sorry, Mistress."

Rita shook her head. "Slave! Get your ass over here. Now, kneel." She pushed Ethan's face into her depilated crotch, and he breathed in her wonderful scent as her pussy juice ran down his chin. "See how wet I am?"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Slut should be at least that wet. If you were worth a fuck as a slave, the sight of your hard-on should be enough to make her cream herself remembering the last time you fucked her silly. You're not doing your job."

"I'm sorry, Mistress. I'll try to be a better slave."

"Good. You can start now: eat her until she's as wet as me. If you make her come, I'll let you lick me, too."

"Yes, Mistress! Thank you, Mistress!"

Rita hid a smile, climbed onto the bed, and straddled Farah's face. "Keep your hands behind your back: no wanking. And you, Slut, if you can make me come before he makes you come, I have a treat in store for you, too. Now get licking."

Farah obeyed willingly, sucking the beautiful blonde's inner lips into her mouth before parting them with her tongue. Rita squirmed, partly from sheer pleasure, partly to make it easier for her slave-girl to lick and kiss her from her taint to her clit. She watched as Ethan eagerly ate out his wife, and she reached down to cup Farah's caramel-coloured breasts and run her thumbs around the proud dark brown nipples, feeling them stiffen in response to her expert touch. Rita felt her own orgasm approaching: though she was distracted by her husband enthusiastically worshipping her cunt, Farah had obviously plenty of practice at cunnilingus, or possibly just more natural talent. Rita screamed as she came, then looked sternly at Ethan. "Keep going," she commanded. "I want to see how often Slut can make me come in the time it takes you to get her off once. Every orgasm she gives me will be one that you owe her, that she can demand whenever she wants, whether it's after you get home or in front of everyone here. Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Good. Slut, you have your orders: make me come!"

Farah's only reply was to twirl her tongue around and across Rita's swollen clit, coaxing two more ear-piercing orgasms out of her before Ethan had made her come once. "That's enough, Slave. Now sit back and see how it should be done." She leaned forward until she was sixty-nining with Farah, and the two women pleasured each other while Ethan watched, his cock feeling like a steel flagpole in a strong wind. After Rita had given Farah yet another orgasm, she looked up and said, "You like pussy, Slave?"

"Yes, Mistress. I love it."

Rita smiled. "Tell him how good I taste, Slut."

"You taste wonderful, Mistress! I could lick your pussy all night!"

"That's good, Slut. And you, Slave? Would you like to taste me?"

"Yes, Mistress!."

"Good. Crawl around the bed and lick my arse."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Did you just hesitate, Slave?"

"No, Mistress!"

"I think you did, just for a second."

"No, Mistress! I would love to lick your arse!"

"I'm not convinced. Beg to lick my arsehole."

"Please, Mistress, please may I lick your arsehole!"

"What do you think, Slut? Do you think I should let him stick his worthless tongue up my butt?"

"If that's what you want, Mistress."

"Then tell him to do it."

Farah drew a deep breath of cunt-scented air. "Slave, get over here and worship your Mistress's wonderful ass!"

Ethan nodded stiffly, crawled around to the other side of the bed, and buried his face in Rita's beautiful British bum. Rita giggled as she felt his tongue touch her puckered asshole, tentatively at first, then with less reluctance as her anus dilated in pleasure. Rita had prepared herself for the party by cleaning out her ass, lightly perfuming it and working in a generous dollop of peach-flavoured lubricant. Before long, Ethan was fucking her asshole with the tip of his tongue as though it was the most natural thing in the world. Rita could tell that his technique came almost entirely from watching porn, and that he'd had little if any practice at analingus, but he was rimming her enthusiastically enough that it might be fun teaching him. She waited until Farah had made her come yet again, then raised her head from her new lover's dark dewy cunt and glanced over her shoulder. "Have you come yet, Slave?"

Ethan reluctantly stopped tongue-fucking her delightful derriere long enough to reply. "No, Mistress."

"You haven't been playing with yourself?"

"No, Mistress!"

"You must be desperate to fuck something. Almost ready to explode."

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Good. Fuck my arse."

Ethan blinked. "Yes, Mistress, if that's --"

"Are you questioning my orders, Slave?"

"No, Mistress!"

"Good. There's lube on the nightstand. Slut, I want you to look and learn, and watch every inch of that nice fat cock go up my arsehole."

"Do you want me to use a condom, Mistress?"

Rita laughed wickedly. "No; I like to feel every ridge and bump as it slides in, and feel your come squirt into my bum." She waited to hear whether either of her playmates would object, maybe even resort to their safe words, but when Ethan looked at Farah for reassurance, she merely nodded slightly, he eyes smiling, while she continued to lap up Rita's juices. Ethan squeezed some anal lube onto the head of his cock, then pressed it against Rita's hot puckered ring. Rita gasped loudly as his glans popped through her butthole, and Ethan stopped.

"Did I hurt you, Mistress?"

"No! It feels great! Keep going, and don't you dare fucking come before I do!" Almost as soon as she'd finished speaking, her sphincter tightened around his cock as her orgasm hit. "I mean, before I come again," she added weakly, when she'd recovered the power of speech.

Ethan slid the rest of his schlong into her accommodating ass an inch at a time, controlling his breathing as best he could, while Rita squirmed around until she had the angle just right for unimpeded high-impact fucking. Farah licked her mistress's luscious cunt while watching her husband sodomise her, slowly at first, then gradually increasing the pace as Rita urged him on until she climaxed a few minutes later, and he erupted inside her.

A last spurt of come splashed onto Farah's forehead as Ethan pulled his cock out of Rita's ass; Farah blinked, but decided not to wipe it off without her mistress's permission. Rita rolled off her, stared at the ceiling for a moment, then murmured, "Wow. That was very good -- for first-timers, that is."

"Thank you, Mistress."

"Maybe we should put on a floor show, later; show everyone what you can do, and really get the party swinging." Before either of her toys could reply, she added, "Right now, Slave, I think we both need a shower. Slut, you can either join everyone else at the party or use the en-suite. Ask Naomi where it is."

"Yes, Mistress," said Farah. "Will that be all?"

"For the moment. Some of the other guests may want to play with you, but if they do, you should probably tell them that you need Naomi or I to say yes or no. Of course, if you can't find either of us, you can decide whether it's better to wait for permission beforehand or forgiveness later."

"Yes, Mistress."

Rita rotated on the bed so that she could look at Farah's face, then licked up the semen from her forehead. With her mouth closed, she gently kissed Farah on the lips, and Farah opened her mouth and French-kissed her, letting her husband's come drip into her mouth. Then she clambered off the bed and walked to the door. Rita grinned as she watched that gorgeous brown ass sway, then shook her head as Farah bent at the waist to pick up her clothes. "Nice view," she said, "but it would be a shame to deprive anyone out there of such beauty. Bring those knickers here."

Farah hesitated for a moment to give Rita a little longer to appreciate the sight of her ass and cunt from behind, then obeyed. Rita told Ethan to open his mouth, and popped the moist thong inside. "Thank you, Slut. Now, go out there and enjoy the party." She waited until Farah had gone before saying, "Slave, I'm sorry I don't have a collar and a leash for you, but this will have to do." She grabbed his cock and led him towards the bathroom. "Don't speak, just nod or shake your head. Did you like that?"

Ethan nodded so enthusiastically that he risked giving himself whiplash.

"That's good. Maybe we can do it again, sometime. But make sure you give that gorgeous woman everything she wants and needs. Is that clear?"

Another nod.

"I don't know exactly what your house rules are; that's for you to work out. I'm shit at relationships, but I know a good one when I see one; don't fuck it up just because she won't let you do her up the arse -- at least, not yet. If I ordered her to let you rim her, and promised you wouldn't try to bugger her, would she say yes?"

Ethan hesitated, then nodded.

"And would you like that?"

He nodded again, much more emphatically.

"We might try that, then." She opened the bathroom door, and smiled as she saw Robyn sitting on the bathmat, her wet cunt and the ring of her anal beads showing between her spread thighs. "Hello, Pet. Look what I've brought you." She closed the door, then turned around and spread her cheeks. Robyn gasped slightly at the sight of her still-gaping asshole, and licked up the drops of come that had trickled down to her taint before sticking her tongue as far up her bum as it would go.

"Pet will clean you off when she's finished with me," said Rita, when she'd stopped giggling. "You can shower first, or later. He's fucked me up the arse, Pet, as you can probably tell, and I know you love arse to mouth, so make sure his cock is good and clean -- and his balls and butthole, too, just in case. He might even fuck your arse later, after DeMonique lets you take the beads out." She looked over her shoulder and winked at Ethan. "Though you may want to start with someone smaller first. Ooh, that's good; you can keep doing that. Yes. Yes."

***

Farah kept her head bowed as she walked back into the dining room, and was mildly relieved to find it empty: she didn't feel quite ready to appear before a crowd of complete strangers naked. She found Alexis's bedroom, and the en-suite, without having to speak to or look at anyone, but was startled to see a woman sitting in the large Jacuzzi. "Sorry," she said. "I didn't think there was anyone else in here."

"Hi," said Melissa, smiling. "No problem. Would you like to join me?"

(To be continued...)