 The Halloween Party, Part IV: Tits, Tats, and Swinging Cat

It sounded like a fairly normal party if you closed your eyes, Mark thought, as he looked around the living room. One group was discussing cars; another, movies and the Bechdel-Wallace Test. The range of accents was interesting, but would not have been incongruous in some of his tutorials. And he'd been told it was a costume party, so it didn't seem particularly strange to be sharing a room with Jessica Rabbit, Gomez Addams, Wonder Woman, Mad Max, Lieutenant Sulu, Legolas, Loki, a pirate, a female astronaut, a butch dyke dressed as James Dean, and several others he didn't recognize. It was the people without costumes who made the scene seem rather surreal: their naked hostess, who Cat had introduced as Alexis; a man wearing nothing but a bowler hat and one set of false eyelashes; another man, tall and blond and impressively hung, wearing nothing but a blissed-out smile. The English girl behind the bar, who he recognized as the nurse practitioner Cat had sent him to for tests when they'd decided to stop using condoms, had been topless or nude. Wonder Woman wasn't wearing pants and her top had been pulled down so that her cups runneth over. Cat was wearing a school uniform that she'd long ago outgrown, the white blouse apparently ready to pop the one button she'd fastened, the pleated skirt pinned up to just below her crotch. She'd smiled behind her hand when she'd seen his Abraham Lincoln costume. "I hope that comes off easily enough."

"You weren't kidding about this being an orgy?"

"No. Do you still want to come?" When he'd hesitated, Cat said, "I thought you wanted an open relationship, as long as we were honest and stayed safe."

"If that's what you want, sure, but watching you with other dudes - that's something else."

"You don't have to watch - there's more than one room - and they might not all be male. And I don't mind if you fuck other women."

"You say that now -"

"- and I mean it. Trust me, there'll be women there who would love to fuck you. Don't tell me you've never fantasized about making it with two women at once."

"Sure I have," he'd replied, "but I used to fantasize about being Batman when I was a kid. Doesn't mean I'm ready to mix it up with Bane!"

"What about Catwoman? Or Harley Quinn? There's a pretty good chance one of them will be there. That's why it's a costume party: so we can be someone else, just for tonight." She smiled. "I like who you are, but you know the old saying, 'Always be yourself, unless you can be Batman. Then, always be Batman.' Unless you'd rather be Honest Abe, of course."

Sitting in the living room half an hour later, after Alexis had explained the house rules, he was still feeling out of place, The man in the bowler hat stood, telling the Asian girl in the blue dress that he was going to get a drink and asking if she wanted anything, and Ben looked away, in time to seen one of the librarians from the university walking into the room naked with her arm around another naked woman. He turned away, hoping that she wouldn't recognize him, and murmured into Cat's ear, "Can we talk?"

She nodded, and led the way into the home theatre.

***

"Can I take your coat?"

Seth looked up from the buffet as Naomi walked in with Andrea and an older couple that he didn't recognize, a tall woman made up as the Bride of Frankenstein and a heavily built man wearing Sons of Anarchy leathers and the beard and hair of 'Bobby Elvis' Munson. Andrea unbuttoned her trench coat and handed it to Naomi, and Seth raised his eyebrows. "Wow!" he breathed.

Andrea grinned, and pirouetted slowly. "You like?"

"I've always liked Vampirella," he said. "And that's a great costume."

"Costume?" Andrea looked down. "Oh, you mean the boots."

Seth blinked, walked up to her, and looked at her even more closely. What he'd thought was a small scrap of scarlet spandex stretched skintight over Andrea's magnificently voluptuous form was simply body paint. He squatted in front of her and laughed. 

"What's up?" Andrea asked. "Apart from the obvious, I mean."

"You even have a camel toe like the Moebius model!"

Andrea and her companions laughed. "You are such a geek," the goth grrl said affectionately, and pushed his face into her crotch.

"Hey!" said Rita, looking over from behind the bar. "No sex in the dining room!"

Andrea shook her head. "Gosh, where are my manners? Bob, Gianna, this is Rita, one of my bosses at Amara, and freaky-boy down at my feet is Seth. Rita, Seth, these are my bosses from the piercing and tattoo parlor, who painted this get-up for me." She grabbed Seth by the chin and pulled his head up to her boobs, then grabbed his erection and led him out of the room as though it was a leash. "Rita, can you tell them the house rules so I can go and get decently eaten out?"

***

"What's the problem?" Cat asked, while she watched the video of a Korean woman in an abbreviated maid's uniform, with a feather duster inserted in her asshole, being bent over a table and blindfolded by a mature blonde

"Uh... wasn't that woman who just walked in one of the librarians?"

"I thought she looked familiar! Yes, I think you're right!"

"What the fuck is she doing here?"

"Judging by the fact that she's already naked, probably the same thing everyone else is planning on doing; she just started a little earlier. Why? You like older women?"

"Not especially."

"Have you seen anyone here you do like?"

Mark decided it was best to be honest. "Sure, but..."

"I think that Chinese girl was giving you the eye, and I'm pretty sure she's naked under that blue dress, though you might be too big for her. And I know you like blondes and butts, so Rita might be right up your alley - and I know she loves anal, so she'd probably welcome you up hers."

"Her ass can't possibly be as perfect as yours."

Cat smiled. "Thank you, but don't knock it 'til you've tried it."

"You've - you and her?"

"She made me come while she gave me a massage, and so I ate her out, and she returned the favour. Only the once, though. She loves eating pussy and giving rimjobs, but she really prefers men. Alexis is more, um, even-handed, and believe me, she tastes even better than she looks." She reached down and stroked Mark's cock through his trousers. "You don't mind me talking about having sex with women, do you?"

Mark's cock was answering for him, so he decided not to lie. "Women, no."

"Good. I don't mind that you've had sex with other women, either. Even the thought of watching it turns me on."

"Jesus, Cat!"

"Mark, I like you," she said, as she unbuttoned his fly. "A lot. You're a good and generous lover, and we have a lot of fun, and not just in bed. But I'm only nineteen and not looking to settle down. I haven't even completely decided whether I prefer women or men. I look at you, and I remember how good you feel inside me, and then I see Alexis naked and cocks become something I think I can live without. And don't tell me you wouldn't like to watch me with another woman, or more than one."

"Uh... okay, I won't lie. If I can't be enough for you, then I'd rather share you with women than men. But I want us to stay together: I'm crazy about you, and I really don't want you to leave me."

"I'm not planning on it. But I really want to enjoy tonight, too." She had his trousers completely undone now, and his cock was sticking straight out. "You'd really like to stick that lovely big dick of yours up my ass, wouldn't you?"

"Is this a trick question?" he groaned.

Cat grinned. "Okay, I'll make you a deal. I promise that the next cock up my ass will be yours. Whether that's tonight or next week, is up to you. I promise that you won't have to watch me with any other men if you don't want to, but you can watch me with other women if that's cool with them - say, if we're having a threesome, which I'm pretty sure some of them will be into. I'd like to watch you fuck at least one other woman, but again, that's up to you and her. I want you to have fun, with as many women as you want to - everyone here has a had a check-up before coming here, so it's perfectly safe - and the more fun I have tonight, the more fun I promise we will have over the next few weeks. How does that sound?"

"It sounds fantastic," he admitted. "Is there anything else?"

"The next cock in my mouth will be yours, too," Cat replied, as she bent over and ran her tongue around his glans. Mark moaned with pleasure, and closed his eyes for a moment - until he heard footsteps, and looked around to see Andrea watching him, her hand still on Seth's cock, Seth standing behind her playing with her tits and kissing the side of her neck.

"Good evening, Mr President," said Andrea, in a passably breathy imitation of Marilyn Monroe's voice. "Is this a private party, or is anyone welcome?"

***

Oliver looked at Gianna, wondering where he might have seen her before. He was fairly sure she wasn't one of his patients, and the all-concealing white robe and bandages and her Bride of Frankenstein wig meant that there wasn't much to go on except for her height, her pleasantly sharp-featured face, and her earrings, but there was something undeniably familiar about her... "Have we met before?"

"I don't think so, Mr Sulu," she replied. "Do you have any piercings, or any tats?"

"No, I..." He smiled suddenly. "You dance burlesque?"

Gianna nodded. "Gia Goya. You've seen my show?"

"A few times. You danced to 'Witchy Woman', I think it was. You're very good - and I really like your tattoos."

"Tattoos?" DeMonique repeated.

Gianna, smiling, looked around the room, and noticed how many people were already naked. She unravelled the bandages from her arms, revealing colourful and finely-drawn pictures of the Universal Movie Monsters running from her right shoulder to wrist, and Batman villains on her left.

"Impressive," said DeMonique, removing her gloves. Her forearms were inked with images of American banknotes, playing cards, a dagger, a rose, the Statue of Liberty, masks of comedy and tragedy, and a revolver-toting woman naked but for a cowboy hat. Gianna stripped out of her dress, showing off the map of Middle-Earth on her back, the pentacle around her pierced navel, and the stocking seams and garters tattooed on her legs; DeMonique followed suit, letting everyone see the stars on her knees and the slogans above her ass and the small heart-shaped patch of rust-red hair above her cunt.

"Nice work," said Bob, who was sitting close enough to the Ukrainian to read the calligraphy, "I understand 'joi d'amor', but what does 'faciam ut mei memineris' mean? Your face belongs in my mons veneris?"

"'I will make you remember me'," Oliver answered, before DeMonique could speak, "and I'm sure you could." 

Bob nodded. "Naomi, why don't you show her yours?"

The masseuse hesitated briefly, then shed her coat, uwagi, shoes and leggings, revealing the network of tattoos from the kanji on her toes to the dragons coiled around her thighs. Her back and legs were a gallery of Japanese culture, from history and Hokusai to hentai and Godzilla. Samurai glared at each other on her shins, kitsune and oni danced around her navel, and a ninja fucked a geisha just above her gorgeous ass while the Dirty Pair looked down from her shoulderblades. DeMonique managed, with difficulty, to examine her ink rather than stare at her amazing J-cup jugs. She whistled, and asked Bob, "Your work?"

"I wish. Mostly Gianna's, apart from some she had done the hard way in Japan."

The dominatrix nodded, and turned to Gianna. "Perhaps I should get you to do me next time I want something done."

Gianna smiled. "Darlin', I would do you any time you want."

No-one spoke for a moment, until Naomi softly said, "There's a women-only room upstairs, if you'd rather not have an audience." She heard one of the men mutter "Spoilsport," but chose to ignore it.

"Could you show us where it is?" asked DeMonique. Naomi barely hesitated, and the three women walked out, their arms around each other's waists. The people left behind silently admired their asses as they left.

***

"What did you have in mind?" Cat asked, as Andrea knelt beside her.

The curvaceous goth looked at Mark's erection, and slowly ran her long pierced tongue from his balls to his glans, before replying, "I thought I might start by going down on you, see how often I can make you come before you make Mr President here come, and after that..."

"I wasn't planning on letting him come any time soon," Cat warned her. "Not in my mouth, anyway."

Andrea grinned, then looked up at Mark. "Commendable self-restraint," she said approvingly, as she fondled Seth's cock. "If this beautiful woman was eating me, I'd have come a dozen times already. Fuck, I'm almost coming just from thinking about it! I hope you don't mind if I go down on her while she sucks your delicious dick?" She waved one painted nipple just out of the reach of his tongue as she waited for his answer. As soon as he said, "No," she pushed her yummy left boob into his mouth and guided Seth's head down to her right. She enjoyed the sensation of having both of her tits sucked while she manipulated her clit-hood piercing until she gave herself her first orgasm of the night; then, when she'd recovered her breath enough to speak, she released her grip on Seth's cock, "Do you want to grab some lube and get my ass ready while you eat me?"

Seth gave her swollen nipple one last lick, muttered "I'll be right back!", and dashed towards the shelf near the door. 

Andrea crawled behind Cat and pushed her short skirt up to expose her naked ass. She stared at its perfect symmetry admiringly for a few seconds, then began kissing each cheek before working her way down her toned muscular thighs. "Goddess, you're beautiful!" she murmured, between kisses, then lay on her back and pulled Cat's cunt down onto her face. Cat continued sucking Seth's cock, alternately pleasing and teasing him by slowing down her pace whenever she sensed that he was close to coming, while Andrea lapped at her luscious labia and twirled her long pierced tongue around her pretty pink clit. Seth crouched down between Andrea's spread legs and began eating her shaven succulent slit and gently applying a generous dollop of lube to the hot little hole just below it. Andrea eased her fingers into Cat's wet cunt, seeking out her g-spot, and was delighted when she felt the vagina walls constrict. Cat was the first to come, and her rapturous shuddering vibrated along the daisy chain like an earthquake. Andrea had her second orgasm a moment later as Seth's finger slid all the way up her asshole, and was working on her third when Mark gasped, "Stop!"

Cat stopped sucking his cock. "What?"

"I want to fuck you. I fucking need to fuck you!"

She smiled. "Then we want the same thing," she said, and climbed onto his lap, knocking his top hat to the floor as she pushed his face down into her cleavage.

***

Naomi lay on the king-size bed, fucking herself with a dildo she'd strapped to her heel while she frigged Gianna, who was avidly kissing and licking her beautiful big breasts. DeMonique had politely brushed Naomi's hand away from her crotch, interrupting her suckling long enough to explain that she wasn't "into penetration. It just doesn't work for me. I mean, I'll fuck someone with a strap-on, roughly half of my clients pay to be pegged, and I'm happy to sit on their faces, but I don't like having anything in my pussy and that goes double for my ass."

Gianna looked at her curiously. "You've tried double anal? I love being DPed and DPPed, but I've always wondered what DA felt like."

"No, I haven't," DeMonique said sharply, "and I never want to. I've had cocks inside me, and they hurt. Even fingers freak me out more than they turn me on."

"What do you like?" asked Naomi.

"Tongues. Even my male clients can sometimes get me off when they lick my clit or my asshole, especially if I'm watching porn and playing with my boobs, but I prefer women, of course. I like sixty-nining, but not many women are as tall as I am. Or a butterfly vibe when I'm on my own. What about you?"

"Men don't do much for me either," said Naomi, "I still keep the landlord happy by stuffing my knickers in his mouth and jerking him off with my feet while he watches me lick my nipples, and our cleaner works for free if we let him dress up in a maid's apron and suck my toes, and I've had a few threesomes with couples when I really liked the woman, but I've always preferred cunts to cocks. I have a whole drawer full of dicks at home when I want one."

"I love threesomes, and foursomes, and moresomes, but I prefer real cocks to silicon," Gianna admitted, "though I must say, I like what you're doing with that one. I never thought of strapping a dildo to my foot."

"Old Japanese technique," said Naomi. "I'm not sure whether that's why we've spent centuries kneeling or squatting rather than sitting on chairs, but it works for me."

"But you like pussy, too?" DeMonique asked Gianna. "For yourself, not just to turn your husband on?"

"Oh, fuck yeah! Either of you could sit on my face any time!"

"Good," said DeMonique, and gently pushed her onto her back on the bed before straddling her. She clamped her tattooed legs around Gianna's right thigh and slid her cunt back and forth along its silky-smooth length while Naomi continued to fingerfuck the tattooist's pierced cunt and rub her thumb around her bejewelled clit while dangling her tits above the older woman's face. The three women remained entwined together, pleasuring themselves and each other for several minutes, before DeMonique crawled along Gianna's body and lowered her cunt down over her face. Naomi, enjoying DeMonique's cries of "Bozhe moi!" and the muffled sound of the burlesque dancer moaning into the dominatrix's wet quim, extracted her fingers, kissed Gianna's sodden decorated labia, and asked, "Do you want me to fuck you?"

Gianna, busily sucking on DeMonique's protruding clit, was unable to speak, but she gave Naomi an emphatic thumbs-up. Naomi removed the dildo from her heel, opened the toybox, found a strap-on double dildo, and positioned herself between Gianna's legs, fucking herself as she fucked the tattooist. Gianna reached back to finger her own asshole as she ate out DeMonique, then, after giving the dominatrix another orgasm, turned her head to the side so that she could speak audibly. "I need something up my butt. What have you got?"

Naomi smiled. "I may have just the thing."

***

Andrea watched as Cat climbed onto Mark's lap and lowered himself onto her cock. Seth continued sucking on Andrea's clit-hood piercing and fingering her asshole until she came again, and then the goth girl looked at him, and said, "Want to fuck me, freakyboy?"

"Hell yeah! Anal?" he said, hopefully.

Andrea laughed. "Ass? You wish. No, keep your finger where it is and put your cock in my cunt... at least for starters."

"As you wish."

She blew him a kiss, then rolled over onto her hands and knees and looked closely at Mark's dick in Cat's blonde quim. She licked her lips, then, as Seth slid his cock into her twat, blew gently along the crack of her friend's delectable derriere, then began kissing her muscular buttocks, working her way towards her puckered anus. Cat, who was enjoying the sensation of Mark's cock stretching her cunt and his mouth on her tits, looked over her shoulder in surprise. Andrea looked up, batted her eyelashes, and asked, "Can I rim you?"

"Uh... if you want to..."

"Cat, honey, I've wanted to bury my face in that beautiful butt and make you beg for more ever since I first saw you in the showers at the dojo. I just didn't know if you'd be into it."

Cat hesitated briefly. She'd never imagined that her best friend would want to eat out her asshole; she'd only been rimmed once before, by Rita, and although she'd enjoyed it, she much preferred receiving cunnilingus. On the other hand, her cunt was already delightfully filled with cock, her nipples felt as hard as bullets, and since she'd promised Mark that he could sodomize her, letting Andrea get her asshole ready for action suddenly seemed like a great idea. "Sure, why not?"
