 The Halloween Party, Part I

Rita was laying the table when the doorbell rang. Alexis, who was more respectably attired in a blue dress that almost reached her ankles rather than ending a quarter-inch below her crotch, walked to the door and looked through the peephole in case it was another group of underage trick-or-treaters. She smiled as she saw Naomi, wearing a blonde wig and a green coat over a pale grey silk uwagi and blue leggings, and carrying a large platter of sushi. Alexis greeted her, ushered her into the dining room without asking who she was meant to be, and relieved her of the plate. 

Naomi looked at the spread on the table - tossed salad, fish tacos, pulled pork, jerk chicken, cream horns, glazed yams, pumpkin pie, a plastic jack-o-lantern half-filled with black foiled Hershey kisses and edible condoms, and a range of flavoured lube - and shook her head. "Chocolates?"

"I bought them for any trick-or-treaters, but we had some left over. I told everyone it's a potluck, and there's gumbo in the slow cooker. Have you eaten?"

Naomi inhaled. The aroma of Alexis's famous seafood gumbo almost masked the scent of the pheromones in the aphrodisiac incense. "Yes, but I could be tempted... um, is the cucumber in that salad safe?"

Rita looked slightly miffed. "It's only been in my twat, not my arse, and that was clean." She glanced at Alexis. "And everyone seemed perfectly happy to eat the bananas when you came as Josephine Baker."

Alexis smiled at the memory. "I'll go and get you a cup," she told Naomi, as she headed for the kitchen.

"Thanks." The receptionist turned back to Rita. "How many people are we expecting?"

"Thirty, forty... some of them will be late, after they finish work, but most should start turning up soon."

"Half women, half men?"

"No, most of them are either one or the other, unless you're talking about their preferences."

"Ha ha. Is that going to be enough men for you?"

"I can share. It's not like it's my birthday." She knew that most of the women invited were bisexual, as were a few of the men. The guest list included some lesbians and straight women, but no exclusively gay men: most of their gay male friends and clients were at an all-male party on the other side of town. Rita knew that Alexis liked to have at least one cock available at her orgies for every woman who wanted one. "How about your new toys?"

"They'll be here; I told them they'd better come if they ever wanted to see my boobs again. Thanks," she said, as Alexis returned with a large mug of gumbo and a spoon. "Is there anything you need me to -" She was cut off by the doorbell ringing, and Alexis excused herself, returning to the dining room a moment later with a redheaded Ukrainian dominatrix, a tin of caviar, a bag of bublik, and two large bottles of vodka. The Ukrainian was dressed as Jessica Rabbit, with long gloves covering the tattoos on her arms; she looked at Rita's mini-dress with its Union Jack motif, and said, "Spice Girl, yes?"

"Ginger Spice," Rita affirmed. 

"Nice. I'm DeMonique, but you can call me Demi." Rita and Naomi introduced themselves, admiring DeMonique's curvaceous ass as she turned around to place the vodka on the bar. "Nice place you have here," she continued, glancing at Alexis. "Big. Yours?"

"Yes."

"Business must be very good."

"Not that good, but houses are a hell of a lot cheaper here around here than they are in New York, and I inherited this one from my grandmother."

"You live here alone?"

"At present. Sometimes I have guests, and sometimes I take in boarders."

"Your grandmother had big family?"

"Yes."

"Good. Peter will be here soon, though of course you should call him Penny. Where can he put his queening chair?"

***

"Wow," said Seth, tipping his bowler hat up as he stared up at the building. Even on a bright day, it resembled the matte painting of the house from the Addams Family TV series, and for Halloween, Alexis had added touches such as a 'Beware of the Thing' sign on the gate, a glowing jack-o-lantern on the porch, and a collection of styrofoam tombstones with a fake bloody hand emerging from beneath the cross marked 'Carrie'. "Are you sure it's safe to go in?"

Zoe opened the gate and walked up to the door, half expecting the plush raven sitting on the bust above the ledge to say, "Nevermore." Alexis opened the door a moment later, welcomed the four of them in, and was about to introduce them to DeMonique when Meihui - clad in blue as Chun-Li from Street Fighter II, and carrying a large pot of wet noodle ho fun - squealed in delight at Naomi's costume. "Tsunade!"

Naomi grinned, and pirouetted. "You like Naruto?"

"Oh, I'm a huge manga fan," said the beautiful Singaporean, who had to crane her neck slightly to look at Naomi's face rather than her mesmerizing display of cleavage. (Seth and David, though much taller than Naomi, weren't even pretending to make the effort, while Zoe seemed fascinated by the plush snake tied around Alexis's waist.) Meihui turned to DeMonique. "I'm Meihui. Wonder Woman there is Zoe, Loki is David -"

"And I'm Seth." He managed to turn around for long enough to ogle DeMonique instead, took a deep breath, and tried to form a coherent sentence while surrounded by so many gorgeous women busty women. "I, uh -"

"This is your first time here?" asked DeMonique.

"Uh-huh. For all of us."

"Then we'd better tell you the rules, droogie," said Rita, as she looked at them more closely. Both David and Seth were barely out of their teens, and she was sure they'd each be good for at least two or three fucks before midnight, though David and Zoe were so obviously a couple that it might be difficult getting between them. Seth's erection was hidden behind the codpiece of his Clockwork Orange costume, but Rita had heard Andrea enthuse about it and was hoping to take it up her arse at least once before the party ended. "Yes, at some stage, this will almost certainly turn into an orgy, and we have some games to speed things along, but no-one has to do anything they don't want to do. Most of the people we've invited are poly, most are bi, some are tops, some are subs, and most of us are exhibitionist enough to fuck when other people are around, but that doesn't mean any of them are automatically open to everything: being here is not automatically consent to anything, and neither is being naked or partly naked. Unless you've negotiated beforehand or know the person well enough to be absolutely sure they'll say yes, if you want something, you ask. Whether you want to kiss something, lick it, fondle it, tickle it, finger it, spank it, fuck it or fist it, you ask, and if the person says no, you respect that."

"Do you all understand what a safe word is?" asked Alexis. The students nodded. "Good. The standard safe word here is 'safe word': if you hear that, you stop whatever you're doing. The same if someone says 'No', or 'Don't', or 'Stop' -"

"- though preferably not in that order -" Rita interjected.

"Or 'not in my ass' or 'use a condom' or 'more lube' or 'lick it first until I tell you to stop'... you respect that, too. If you don't like it, go and ask someone else; chances are that whatever you want to do, you can find someone who'll say yes - but always ask first. Is that clear?"

"As an unmuddied lake," replied Seth. "As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer."

"Good. There's a bedroom upstairs with a sign saying 'Women Only' - it means what it says. Same with the one that says 'Men Only'. If those doors are closed, don't even open them unless you actually belong on the other side. People who need to want the showers or toilets for their intended purpose get priority, though fucking in the Jacuzzi is fine. No sex in the kitchen, dining room or hallway, so if you don't want to see people fucking, you may want to stick to those rooms or be prepared to avert your eyes. My office is locked and off limits, but there are three other bedrooms, and plenty of couches and chairs and sleeping pads and yoga mats in the other rooms, as well as condoms and lube. No smoking in the house, and no sex or nudity in the front yard - the back yard should be okay, all the neighbours are either out or are friends who we've invited, there are no kids living within a block of here, and we're not expecting any more trick-or-treaters this late. You're the first ones here, so feel free to wander around, help yourself to food, there's soft drinks and beer in the fridge, seafood gumbo in the slow cooker, a coffee machine and teabags on the bench... am I forgetting anything?"

"Penny," DeMonique reminded her; then, to Zoe and Meihui, "There's a man in woman's lingerie lying under a queening chair in the laundry. He's submissive, but strictly straight. If you want your pussy eaten, as long as it's clean and not filled with jizz, you don't need to ask, just sit on the chair and tell him to lick, and he'll keep licking for as long as you want. If you want him to rim you instead, ask me; he loves worshipping women's asses almost as much as their pussies, even if they've just been fucked and are gaping, as long as there's no jizz. He won't do men, and while it's okay for women to threaten to piss or fart on him if he doesn't please you, actually doing it is bad." She looked at the girls' queasy expressions, and shrugged. "You're not into that; good. You can twist his nipples instead, or insult him as much as you like, but don't touch his cock or his balls, and for fuck's sake, never call him 'Senator'. In fact, it's best if you stay off politics altogether: it's a sore subject at the moment."

Zoe nodded. David drew a deep breath, wondering how he was expected to make small talk when surrounded by big tits. "So," said Seth, "what sort of games?"

***

Jon was about to get out of the car when Melissa suddenly muttered "Fuck!" and hunched down in her seat.

"Are you okay?"

"You see the girl who just got out of the back seat of the Volt? The one in the bikini and army helmet?"

"Well, she's not easy to miss."

"She's a student; I've seen her at the library."

"You're sure? Lots of girls have multi-coloured hair."

"Well, she usually wears more clothes and no helmet or snorkel, but yeah, I'm pretty sure."

Jon shrugged. "Okay, so what?"

"What if she recognizes me?"

"Isn't that why you're wearing that veil?"

"I was hoping to take it off at some stage."

"Good." At twenty-three, the mechanic was barely more than half Melissa's age, but they'd been fucking fairly regularly since their first encounter at Amara Holistic Healthcare House: she had fabulous boobs, gave much better head than any of the younger women he'd dated, and while she maintained that his cock was too big for her asshole, she was happy to rim him while he fucked her tits. "Anyway, so what if she does recognize you? Who is she going to tell? And you're a librarian, not her professor, so it's not harassment, right? Besides, it's a big house and there'll be lots of people there, so you won't have to talk to her if you don't want to."

"You've been here before?"

"New Year's Eve party. One of the best nights of my life - before we met, anyway." He smiled. "Are you coming in, or do you want me to take you home?"

Melissa sighed, and waited until she saw Alexis greet the girl and the couple at the front door and usher them inside. "Okay, Goliath. I guess I'm in."

***

DeMonique looked the new arrivals up and down as she stirred orange and cranberry juice into her peach schnapps and vodka. Dan was dressed as Gomez Addams, and Tammi as a flapper in a skirt barely longer than Rita's, but it was the younger woman in the bikini who seemed most fascinated by her cleavage. "Hi," she purred. "I'm Petra, but you can call me Pet."

"DeMonique, but you can call me Demi."

"As in Demi-goddess?"

DeMonique smiled widely. "Can I get you drink, or are you too young?"

"I'm nineteen: is that too young? What are you drinking?"

"Sex on a Beach."

"What's wrong with a bed? What would you recommend?"

The dominatrix looked at the bottles on the well-stocked bar. "Vodka, champagne and pineapple juice?"

"I'll try anything once."

"Quelle surprise," DeMonique said dryly, looking at Robyn's outfit: snorkel and goggles around an M1 helmet, and a black bikini over a suspender belt, fishnet stockings and combat boots. "I'm sorry, I don't recognize your costume."

"You know Tank Girl? I'm her friend, Sub Girl."

"You're a sub?"

"Well, I'm good at going down and getting up again," said Robyn, batting her eyelashes, "and I'm often full of seamen."

DeMonique handed her her flirtini. "I'll be back in a moment," she said. "Enjoy your drink." She picked up her own cocktail, and walked over to where Alexis was chatting with an Asian man in a yellow Star Trek shirt. "Can I talk to you?"

"Sure," she said, leading her into the kitchen. "What's up?"

"Who is girl in bikini? Pet?"

"She asked you to call her Pet? Someone must have told her what you do for a crust."

"Is she really a sub?"

"Sometimes. She's a friend of Andrea's, who sent her to me because she had a recurring dream where she would go up to the whiteboard in her physics lab intending to write down the equation for the Theory of Everything, but instead wrote 'All the class can fuck my ass'. She always woke up at the end of the dream, and so she thought it was a nightmare. After talking to her for a while, I realized it was actually a wet dream and what had woken her was an orgasm - she wasn't a virgin, but none of her boyfriends had ever made her come. I convinced her that the dream was more probably an erotic fantasy, not a nightmare, and that maybe she should try indulging it: not with her whole class, of course, or at least not at first, but with a boy she liked and trusted. She still lives with her parents, who're very protective, so she took it slowly at first for fear that they'd find out she was having sex, but she managed to go to spring break, where her pretty ass was fingered and fucked so much that she told me she could barely sit down on the flight home. That's also where she discovered her submissive side - that she loved fucking and sucking, but only if someone ordered her to do it so that she was absolved of any responsibility. The couple who brought her here are her master and mistress: she tells her parents that she's their babysitter. But if she introduced herself to you as Pet, then yes, she wants you to top her. Are you interested?"

"I don't know. She's cute, yes, but very young. And it sounds like work, for free."

"You love your work."

"I love dominating and humiliating men, yes, but that is what those men want and what all men deserve. You know this too. Women are..."

"Fun? Tasty?"

DeMonique's mouth quirked slightly. "But on other hand, I think I owe you for sending Senator back to me. He is very generous since his divorce. Is even talking about buying me nice apartment here so I can move back to town. So, what is this girl into?"

***

Melissa followed Alexis and Jon down the hall to the dining room, hanging back slightly until Jon noticed Robyn following DeMonique out of the doorway at the other end of the room and signalled that the coast was clear. The librarian listened as Alexis outlined the house rules, then tried not to flinch visibly when she heard the girl in the Wonder Woman costume enthusing about the salad dressing. She glanced at her while trying not to be obvious about it, and recognized her as another student - one she was more accustomed to seeing in the stacks in cargo pants and a baggy T-shirt or hoody with a geeky slogan, than in a sequined tight red corset, red boots and blue star-spangled bun-huggers. 

Melissa took a deep breath of gumbo- and incense-scented air, and forced herself to relax. Alexis had already made it clear that no-one at the party was required to do anything they didn't want to, and looking around, the only hint so far that this was anything other than a conventional costume party was Rita's extremely short skirt and already obvious lack of underwear. Tom, dressed as the young Mad Max Rockatansky, had disappeared into the kitchen in search of a Moosehead, and Melissa, noticing that Wonder Woman seemed to be looking at her curiously, retreated back into the hall and from there into the cavernous home theatre. The enormous screen was showing a video clip of an attractive black woman whose natural breasts were so enormous that the white man lying beside her on a massage table was able suck one of them while she sucked his cock. There were two people sitting on the couch in the front row, one wearing a bowler hat, but they seemed to be watching the movie rather than actually having sex, so the librarian sat on a chair in the corner and tried to breathe normally. Then, shortly after the extremely female performer on the screen removed her shorts and climbed onto her seated partner's lap, facing him, the woman sitting in the front row emulated her: she glanced over her boyfriend's shoulder, and she and Melissa recognized each other instantly. "Miss Tetona?" said Meihui, automatically, then blushed. "Uh... hi?"

Melissa winced behind her veil, and stood despite her slightly shaky legs. "Hi."

"It's okay," Meihui assured her as Seth turned his head. "We weren't doing anything, uh, yet. You can stay if you want to watch the, uh, movie."

"We've never been to a party like this one before," Seth added. "We're not sure what the proper etiquette is in these circumstances."

"Me neither, I'm afraid," said Melissa - then, rather than continue to call across the length of the large room, she walked towards them as Meihui climbed off Seth's lap, "but calling me by my surname seems a bit too formal, even ridiculous. I'm Melissa." 

"Seth."

"Meihui."

Melissa blinked, suddenly remembering her first threesome, which had begun with Brianna asking, "May we?" "Yes," she said, removing her sequinned bra and releasing her bodacious big-nippled breasts, "you may."

***

"So, Pet," said DeMonique, as she shut the door of the upstairs bathroom behind her, "you say you're a sub."

"Yes, Demi-goddess."

"And you will do anything I tell you to?"

"Yes, Demi-goddess."

"Good. Take off your pants and get down on all fours." She placed her handbag on the vanity table and removed a short string of anal beads. "Do you know what these are?" she asked, waving them in front of Robyn's face like a hypnotist's pocketwatch.

"Yes, Demi-goddess." Robyn stuck her tongue out and licked the largest of the beads, trying to flick it into her mouth.

"Have you used them before?"

"No. I've had butt plugs and vibrators and dildos in my asshole, and cocks and fingers, but not beads."

"Do you know how they work?"

"You stick them in your asshole, and pull them out when you come?"

"Not my asshole, Pet; yours." She grabbed a bottle of lube from the shelf. "But you don't get to come yet. There are six beads on this string. That sounds like a good number. I'm going to put these in your ass, and then I want you to stay in this room and offer your services for people who come in to use the shower."

"What sort of services?"

"A cleaning service. You will offer to use your mouth to clean any part of their body when they shower. Mostly it will be cocks and cunts and assholes, and I know you're used to licking those. Some might say no, but after six people have said yes and you've cleaned them to their satisfaction, come looking for me and I'll remove the beads while you make yourself come. Is that clear?"

"Yes, mistress. What if they want to fuck me?"

"Obviously, they can't fuck your ass while the beads are in it, so tell them they'll have to wait. You can decide for yourself if you're going to let them fuck your cunt, but I suggest that you tell them that you're a slut and you love it in the butt."
