 Kelly,

Around midnight we heard the doorbell ring. The four of us had paired off into couples, Miranda and Greg were one, and you and I were another. After recovering from our antics in The Tub we had decided to cool off for a little bit. We just sat around talking and looking out at the ocean. Everyone was dressed again and even I was wearing a pair of swimtrunks.

Miranda and Greg were together on the loveseat, pushed against the wall, and you were next to me on my oversized recliner. For the last hour or so you and I had sat with our arms around each other, just hugging and lightly kissing and doing a bit of petting. It was very different from the hard-core action we had been up to a few hours ago but it was nice and very erotic. We both wanted to go at it again like wild animals but were holding back for the moment and that's what made it exciting.

So did the conversation. I was asking you about all the sexy things you had done in your life and you were doing the same to me. I was a little bit older than you and you seemed certain that I knew a lot more about sex than you did. You said that you had probably done a little more than the average girl your age but nothing with groups before. You told me that you were completely bisexual and loved fucking girls, especially licking their wet pussies, but again that you had never had more than one girl at a time.

I asked you, "If you could have one sex fantasy come true this weekend, what would it be?"

"To have group sex with a couple of hot and horny girls." You replied.

"Be careful what you wish for." I smiled.

And that's when the doorbell rang. A second later, we heard the door opening. And a second after that my friends Mia, Kim, and Ray walked into the living room.

"Hey," Said Ray "Let ourselves in, just in case you were . . . busy."

"Not just at the moment." I said and made the introductions. Mia was 22 and dark haired, Kim was 23 and blond, both were flat-out fucking hotties. Both were about 5'5". Mia's hair flowed past her shoulders whereas Kim's just covered hers. Their tits were on the smallish side but still quite nice with Mia's being well-rounded in shape and Kim's having more of a ski-jump curve to them. They were standing next to each other with their arms around each others waist. Mia was wearing hotpants and a bra top; kim - jeans and no top. Her tits were on display - nipples jutting out to greet us.

Ray was a slim kid, 25, with a shaved head and tats on both arms. He was wearing leather pants and a matching vest.

Miranda had found them on the beach, too, 6 months ago, and invited them to join our growing circle of fuck friends. They had been playing around together since before Miranda met them.

I heard you catch your breath beside me as you looked at Kim's bare tits. I could tell right away that you wanted them, wanted them both.

"I called Ray and told him to stop by if he wanted," I looked at Miranda. "I said that you were bringing some new friends by to test drive."

"So, what do you say, is it ok?" I looked around and saw everyone nodding their approval, you most especially.

Miranda took charge like she usually does and had the seven of us strip and sit in a circle on the floor in the centre of the room. Miranda was going to tell Ray, Kim, and Mia all about how she met you and Greg on the beach two days ago and everything you had done with each other up until now. This was her idea of foreplay. You weren't allowed to touch anyone in the circle during this time but touching youself was ok, you just couldn't make yourself cum. Breaking either of these rules meant having to sit out for the first 15 minutes of the group fun when it began.

Needless to say there were hands on every set of cocks, tits, and pussies in the room within the first three minutes of Miranda telling her story, her's included. It was so cool watching everyone watch each other as we all openly masturbated together. Another part of the excitment of this was tying to figure out what the pairings were going to be when the fucking began. With 3 guys and 4 girls the possiblilities were limitless.

You were sitting with Mia at your right and Kim at your left. I was stting next to Kim, Greg was to my left, then Miranda, Ray, and at Ray's left was Mia. The three guys had their big stiff cocks in their fists, stroking like madmen at the story Miranda was telling. And even though Greg and I had been there for most of what Miranda was saying, just hearing her put into words all the dirty things we had done together had got me really worked up. I seriously thought about just shooting off right in front of everyone, fifteen minutes be damned!

Ray and Greg couldn't take their eyes off of Miranda fingering her cunt, especially when she picked up the dildo you had been sucking on earlier and used it to pump her pussy while she worked on her clit.

I was captivated watching you totally enjoying stroking yourself as you sat between Kim and Mia. They seemed pretty taken with you too as they played with their tits and cunts. Mia licked her lips more than once while watching you and it looked like Kim was considering suffering through a penalty time-out if it meant that she would be the one to touch you first.

And then Miranda started to tell the story of you and her in the bathroom earlier tonight. You could feel the atmospere in the room become charged with an almost unbearable erotic tension as she told us how the two of you had taken that sexy lovers shower together, immersing yourselves in seeing to each others needs and comfort. I saw Kim and Mia staring at you wearing expressions of total lust. The both had bathroom fetishes and had shared a raunchy fuck with Ray in theirs at home become coming over to join us. Your eyes were closed now as you re-lived the experience in your mind.

I was so close to cumming and knew that the others must be too. Miranda was working away at herself like mad and then she told us how you had shoved the big strap-on dildo straight up her ass and that was it, she lost it. "OHHHH GOOOD!" She moaned, and came all over the dildo, her hand and the carpet. Greg and Ray, who were on their knees by this time, stroking hard, shuffled around just in time to spray her tits and face with their gooey juice.

Mia and Kim each moved a hand from their aching cunts to your enflamed pussy. Now that you were taken care of, you moved hands away from yourself and to Mia's and Kim's gorgeous, slick, slits. It only took a few moments of flicking, stroking, and fingering for you all to orgasm hard against each others hands.

I knee-walked my way in front of the three of you and shotgunned my cum all over your three sets of beautiul tits.

We all looked at each other as our orgasms subsided.

"So," I said, looking at Miranda and smiling "How are you going to figure out the penalties?"

"Screw it the penalties," She said. "Let's fuck."