 Rock a Bi Babysitter

"So, what seems to be the problem?" Alexis asked Tammi, who was sitting on the couch in the interview room and having some difficulty looking the therapist in the eye. "Are you and Dan...?"

Tammi hesitated. "This is probably silly, but..."

Alexis waited.

"He's not fucking other women... or not enough of them, anyway."

Alexis raised an eyebrow at the remark. "Did he say that?"

"No..."

"Then what makes you think he's thinking it? Have you stopped having sex?"

Tammi shook her head emphatically. "We fuck nearly every night when he's home, and sometimes in the shower in the morning, though that's usually oral sex, sucking and rimming each other."

"Does he fuck you in the ass?"

Tammi smiled and nodded. "Usually. Sometimes we can't wait and he comes in my mouth or my pussy first."

"I gather you enjoy it?"

"I fucking love it."

"So what's the problem?"

"I'm not sure," she admitted. "I just feel like something's missing, I don't know what, but maybe it wouldn't be if he was fucking other women more often."

"How do you know he isn't?"

"He says he isn't, except sometimes when he has to go out of town. And his cock just smells and tastes like... well, like cock, except when it tastes like me."

"Hmm. Are you having sex with anyone else?"

"Only when he's out of town. And it's nowhere near as good. I've tried dating websites and things like that, but most women I've tried to pick up won't sleep with bisexuals, and the ones who do won't do anything anal on the first date, and getting a second date... well, you know what they say about lesbians and second dates. And the bisexuals want threesomes with their men, and I don't want to pay someone, I want someone who's there because they enjoy it as much as I do, and -" She stopped suddenly.

"You don't have sex with other men?"

"No. Even before we started seeing you, sex with Dan was better than the sex I'd had with other men before we were married - and now it's a hundred times better. But..."

"What?"

"That time here, with you and Rita and Dan, that was the hottest sex I've ever had. Eating Dan's come out of your ass while Rita rimmed me..." Her hand drifted down between her thighs, and she absent-mindedly hiked her skirt up so she could rub her bare blonde twat. "Oh fuck..."

"Where is Dan now?"

"Out of town. Probably fucking some gorgeous woman with boobs as big and beautiful as yours. Fucking her tits, maybe even fucking her ass." She diddled her clit more urgently. "I wish..."

"Wish what?"

"That I was there with them, licking his come off her tits or sucking it out of her ass..." She moaned as she came. "Can I lick your ass again? Please?"

Alexis blinked. The mind control techniques she used were designed to help people overcome their inhibitions, but they'd rarely been as successful as they had with Tammi. Few of her clients had changed their long-term behaviour to the same degree - but in this case, one therapy session had been enough to transform the petite pretty blonde from a backdoor virgin who'd never eaten pussy, to a bisexual anal addict who'd eagerly tried to jam her tongue all the way up Alexis's gaping spermy asshole. "If you want," she said. "We're here to help people with problems like yours, though this is hardly a permanent solution..." She stood, unzipped her red dress and let it fall to the floor, then sat on the couch next to Tammi, legs spread and knees up to reveal her asshole as well as her hairless coffee-coloured cunt and her her beautiful big brown boobs. Tammi knelt before her, and kissed her clit and her labia, slowly and inexorably working her way down to Alexis's lightly-perfumed anus. Alexis purred as she felt Tammi's tongue tentatively trace its way around the starlike folds around her sphincter, then fondled and sucked on her own tits while the cute blonde began licking even more avidly, spiralling in towards that tiny hole, with her little nose in her therapist's moist cunt. Alexis reached down and diddled her clit, wrapping her long luscious legs around Tammi's head, pulling her in closer. Tammi smiled as she felt Alexis's asshole tighten as her orgasm approached, and inhaled the juices oozing from her tasty twat. The therapist gasped "Yesssssssssss!" as she came, her hips bucking hard enough that Tammi was almost dislodged from her position between her thighs. She breathed deeply for a moment, then crooned, "There are toys and lube in the desk, if you want to come too."

Tammi looked up, and reluctantly removed her tongue for long enough to say, "Not if I have to move."

"But it would really get me hot to watch you come. And you'd look great with a toy in that gorgeous little butt." When Tammi resumed licking, she continued, "At least take that dress off and let me see you play with yourself."

Tammi pouted prettily, but since she was able to obey that request without removing her face from between Alexis's thighs, she complied, and reached back to ease her fingers into her golden cunt while she stroked her clit-hood with her thumb. When her little finger was slippery enough, she slid it out of her twat and slowly inserted it into her twitching asshole. She came almost instantly, and began frigging herself even more energetically, giving herself her second orgasm just as Alexis squirted over her face and into her mouth. They remained locked together for a moment, Alexis's legs wrapped around Tammi's head and back, until Tammi kissed Alexis's asshole and slid to the floor. "Wow," she said softly.

"Wow," Alexis echoed, "but it's not really a long-term solution to your problem." She thought for a moment. "You have children, don't you?"

"One of each. Five and two. Why?"

"Do you ever need to hire a babysitter when you're going out?"

"Yes."

"I know some young women, students mostly, who don't mind picking up a little extra money baby-sitting, and who also like women, and men, and threesomes. They're not professional sex workers; they're enthusiastic amateurs, and very talented, and guaranteed clean. If they like both of you, they'll let you know, and if you like them, then fantastic. They just charge what a babysitter will charge, though some of them may accept tips if you offer them. If they only like one of you, they'll make a date to see you later; if they don't want to fuck either of you, you can just go out to a movie or a hotel or whatever you feel like doing. Are you interested?"

***

Dan was slightly startled when a zaftig Goth girl knocked on the door, particularly as she was wearing black lipstick, Bettie Page bangs, pentacle earrings, a studded leather jacket over an Edward Gorey T-shirt, ragged black denim shorts, laddered black stockings, and Doc Martens decorated with Hieronymus Bosch images of Hell. He'd almost recovered his composure by the time she said, "Hi, I'm Andrea, the babysitter. You must be Dan," but her tongue piercing discombobulated him for a moment.

"Uh... yeah. Come in. The kids are already asleep."

"Cool. Hey, can I use your bathroom?"

"Sure," he said, still slightly flustered. "Down the hall, first left."

"Thanks."

***

Tammi was touching up her lip gloss when Andrea walked into the bathroom behind her. "Hi," the goth said. "Sorry, just need to wash my hands - unless I can take a quick shower? I've been on my feet all day."

"That's fine,"

"I'm Andrea," she said, as she dropped her shoulder bag and leather jacket on the floor, then pulled her t-shirt over her head to reveal a magnificent pair of DD breasts in a lacy black bra. "How long have you known Alexis?"

"We've been seeing her for three months. How about you?"

"I interned there last year." She unhooked her bra, then knelt down and untied her boots. "And I worked there as a receptionist while Naomi was away." A few seconds later, she was completely naked, and Tammi found herself staring in the mirror at her raven-black landing strip and the silver ring of her clit-hood piercing. "Your husband seems nice," Andrea added.

"Uh... thanks. He is."

Andrea smiled as she noticed where Tammi's gaze was fixed. "Haven't you ever seen a French wax before? Or is it the piercing?"

"It's your piercing," Tammi replied. "Does it, uh..."

"It's great for cunnilingus," Andrea said. "Even the most clueless man can find my clit now. And for getting myself off, too." She reached down and gently tugged on the ring, and moaned softly.

"I wouldn't think you'd need to masturbate..." said Tammi, and blushed. "I mean, you wouldn't have any trouble finding someone to, uh..."

"Eat me out or fuck me?"

"Yes, please - I mean -"

"Thank you for the compliment. Alexis said you had a silver tongue." She grinned, and stuck her own tongue out. It was unusually long, and the piercing glinted hypnotically under the bathroom light. "Yeah, I can usually get a date if I want, but not everyone turns me on, and I get so horny so often that sometimes I can't wait. Usually when I'm in the shower - speaking of which -" She pulled back the curtain and stepped in, then turned the water on. "- or the bath, when I start soaping up my boobs or my cunt, it turns into playing with myself." She squirted shower gel into her hand, lathered it up, and began rubbing it over her beautiful big breasts. "And I have a shower head on a flexible pipe, so I can direct it straight at my cunt or my ass," she continued, as the soapy water ran down her body down to the narrow strip of pubic hair and her pierced clit-hood. "And it gets me nice and clean as well as getting me hot. Dirty mind in a clean body, whatever that is in Latin." 

"Uh-huh," said Tammi, watching her massage her boobs and tweak her nipples. Andrea moved one hand down her body to scrub her twat, then turned around to give Tammi a good view of her well-rounded ass. After fingering herself for a minute, she looked over her shoulder and smiled. "Want to join me, or would you rather wait for your husband?"

Tammi quickly unzipped her dress, stockings and suspender belt, and hurried over to the shower stall. She dropped to her knees behind Andrea and grabbed her hips, but the goth turned around to face her. "Tsk, tsk. No going from asshole to tits or cunt. Whether it's tongues, toys, fingers or cocks, ass comes last. It's like dessert. Okay?"

"Uh-huh."

Andrea quickly rinsed herself off, and Tammi kissed her way up her body from her cunt to her boobs, which she sucked eagerly while Andrea continued to tug on her clit-hood ring until she came, leaning back against the wall to prevent herself falling over. "I think we'd be more comfortable on the bed," she gasped.

Tammi reluctantly stopped kissing Andrea's breasts long enough to steer her towards the bedroom, grabbing two towels on the way. She rubbed one towel over the goth's beautiful big boobs and butt, but Andrea simply threw her towel onto the bed and gently pushed Tammi onto it, then climbed onto her, her cunt above Tammi's face, her pierced tongue teasing her golden labia apart and teasingly circling her clit. Seconds later, they were 69ing as though they'd been created to fit together perfectly, and soon, both were coming, moaning into each other's cunts as they lapped up each other's juices. Andrea slid a finger into Tammi's twat, then carefully stroked her asshole. Tammi giggled with pleasure as her asshole dilated, allowing the finger to slip inside easily, then eagerly reciprocated, and the two finger-fucked each other's butts as they licked each other's clits, unaware that Dan had come into the room until they heard him gasp, "Holy fuck!"

Andrea, whose head was nearest the door, looked up, then grinned at his expression. "Tsk, tsk. Do you kiss your wife with that mouth?"

"Yes, of course!"

"And her cunt, too? Do you kiss that?"

"Yes, and anywhere else she wants me too."

"Good man. Would you like to try mine?"

"Oh yeah!"

"Then get out of those clothes. I'm sure we can squeeze you in somewhere."

Tammi stopped licking Andrea's cunt for a moment, though she continued fingering her asshole. "Can you...?"

"What?"

"I've never seen him titfuck a woman. Would you...?"

"Well..." Andrea kissed Tammi's clit. "There's some lube in my bag..."

"Where's your bag?"

"In the bathroom," said Tammi, "but there's lube in the nightstand. That's closer."

"Fine." She rolled off Tammi, who crawled over to the nightstand while Dan stripped off. "Okay, sit down." She accepted the bottle of vanilla lube and squeezed a dollop onto her chest, then squeezed her breasts together to coat her cleavage with the stuff. "Alexis said you like tits," she purred, as she knelt between Dan's legs and sandwiched his cock between her boobs. "You like fucking big natural tits. Right?"

"Oh yeah." He and Tammi had fallen in love while they were still in high school, and while they'd both hoped she was just a late bloomer, her flat chest hadn't discouraged him from marrying her. "This feels fucking fantastic! What about you? Do you enjoy it?"

"It's a turn-on feeling your cock get even harder, but I was turned on already, and I can think of better places to put a nice hard cock like yours." She turned her head to smile at Tammi, who was kneeling so close beside her that if Dan had come, most of it would have splattered her face. "What about you, sweetie? Is this what you wanted to see?"

"Uh-huh."

"Do you want to see him come all over my tits and my face and my tongue, so you can lick it all up?"

"Oh yeah," Tammi and Dan moaned in harmony.

"Or would you rather he fucked my ass? Because I want to come too, and a cock between my tits isn't going to do that - but I love being buttfucked. Would you like to see that?"

"Oh fuck, honey, please say yes!" said Dan. "Girl, your tits feel terrific, but your asshole - Jesus, just thinking about it, I'm having a hard time not coming."

Tammi pouted, then brightened. "Can I still lick up the come if he comes in your ass?"

Andrea laughed. "You are a kinky little slut, aren't you? Of course you can, if that's what you want."

"It is," Tammi said, "and yes, I am a kinky little slut, I love being a kinky little slut, and I would love to eat your ass, suck come out of your asshole, please can I lick your ass?"

"Is she a good ass-licker, Dan?"

"She is a wonderful ass-licker," he replied sincerely. "We rim each other nearly every day."

"Wow. You have a treasure there. Never let her go."

"I don't intend to. But we also love sharing with someone as hot as you."

Andrea nodded, then smiled at Tammi again. "Want to lube up my asshole, get me ready? With lots of lube, not just your tongue. Lube it like it was your own ass that he was going to fuck."

"Uh-huh." Tammi grabbed the bottle of lube and squirted half a cupful of gel into her palm, then scooped it up with her fingers and worked this into Andrea's hot asshole. She succumbed to the temptation to give it a quick kiss, and the goth giggled.

"Are you ready?" she asked Dan.

"I was ready the second I saw your ass."

"Great." She leaned back, gave the head of his cock a quick kiss, then knelt over the edge of the bed and spread her cheeks. Dan eased his dick into the still viciously tight hole, gasping with delight as the now-purple head popped through her sphincter. He grabbed her tits and fucked her as slowly as he was still able to do, considering how incredibly turned on he was from fucking her glorious boobs, but barely a minute later he was ejaculating inside her asshole, sending Andrea over the edge with his last powerful thrust. As soon as he pulled out, Tammi was sucking his cock into her mouth, licking it clean, before diving in between Andrea's cheeks, pushing her tongue as far as it would go into that gaping hole.

"Sit on my face," Tammi begged, between licks. "Please. I want to drink his come as it oozes out of your beautiful asshole. I won't stop licking, I promise, I'll eat out your ass as long as you want, I love being your kinky little asslicking slut, but my tongue's not as long as Dan's cock."

"Okay." Andrea waited for Tammi to roll onto her back on the bed. "You'd better go shower," she told Dan, "then, when you're nice and clean again, come back here and lick your wife's clit until you're ready to fuck her."

"In the ass, plea -" Tammi began, before Andrea lowered her butt onto her pretty little mouth.

"What about your clit?"

"Maybe later. Your wife should come first."

"From what I've heard, I'm pretty sure she already has," said Dan dryly. Tammi mumbled something that sounded like assent, while continuing to suck her husband's semen out of this gorgeous goth girl's big round butt.

Andrea laughed. "At least a dozen times. You men don't know what you missed out on when you got cocks instead of cunts. Now, shower! I'm sure Tammi and I can keep each other entertained until you get back." She watched him sidle towards the en-suite while he enjoyed the spectacle of his wife eagerly rimming this hot young slut, and then reluctantly disappeared into the bathroom. Andrea sat on Tammi's face until her next orgasm made her unsteady, then lay back down on the bed, face-down. Tammi knelt behind her and continued tongue-fucking her contracting asshole, and a minute later, Dan returned from the shower, damp and with his erection already at half mast, and slid his face under Tammi's crotch so he could lick her clit. Tammi ate out Andrea's asshole until the goth girl came yet again, then twisted around so that she could suck Dan's cock. When she thought it was hard enough for fucking, she crawled back onto the bed, lay on her side, and spread her cheeks. Andrea watched as Dan reached for the lube and inserted one, then another, slippery finger into Tammi's asshole, then withdrew them and carefully slid his cock as far as it could go into that hot tight opening. Tammi gasped with pleasure, and smiled at Andrea, who looked at Dan and asked, "Can you roll onto your back, so I can get at Tammi's lovely little cunt?"

"Sure,"

The goth grrl grinned at the sight of Dan's cock wedged in Tammi's asshole as she slowly ground up and down along its length, her wet twat pink and glistening. Andrea lapped up her juices for a moment, then turned her attention to Dan's balls, sucking one and then the other into her mouth, teasing them with her pierced tongue. After a few minutes of this, she gave Tammi's clit a quick kiss, then rubbed her cunt with her breasts, the hard nipple sliding between the labia to gently nudge her clit. Tammi's asshole tightened as she came, and Andrea rocked back on her haunches and said softly, "I'd like to fuck you now."

"Oh fuck yes. Yes."

"Not just with my tits or my tongue or my fingers. I have a strap-on dildo in my bag. Have you ever been DPed?"

Tammi's eyes widened. "No, but..." She glanced over her shoulder at Dan, who looked distinctly uncertain. "Is it okay if we try?"

"No-one will think less of you for it," Andrea assured him. "If you say yes, you can fuck my tits or my ass again, and soon. If you say no..." She shrugged, making her boobs bounce enticingly. "Well, no promises."

"If you like," Tammi added quietly, "I can rim you while you fuck her in the ass."

"And Alexis and Rita will love you for it," Andrea purred. "Especially Rita. And Naomi might even let you fuck her tits."

Tammi gasped as she felt Dan's cock swell slightly in her ass, becoming even harder. "Okay," Dan said. 

"Good man," said Andrea, grinning, then rummaged in her backpack for the dildo and harness. Dan watched her strap the silicon toy on, slightly alarmed by its appearance - purple, about twice as long as his own cock, bent like a banana with a ridge of beads along one side. He was relieved when Andrea inserted one end of the dildo into her own cunt before fastening the lacy black straps around her waist and thighs. She carefully slid the other end of the toy into Tami's dripping twat, and began gently fucking her. The beads on the top of the dildo stimulated her g-spot, and she came almost immediately. It took the three of them more than a minute to match each other's rhythm, but before long they were moving as though they'd been dancing this troika together for years. Tammi, sandwiched between the man she loved and an incredibly sexy younger woman, and feeling completely filled with cock, came so often it was impossible for her to tell where one orgasm began and another ended, except that each one was better than the one before, leaving her screaming and babbling incoherently with delight. Her asshole tightened each time she came, keeping Dan perpetually on the edge of orgasm until Tammi finally climaxed and blacked out, and he ejaculated explosively into her lovely little butt. And Andrea, expertly rubbing her end of the beaded dildo against her g-spot and clit, came just as Tammi opened her eyes.
