 "So, any big plans for this week while I'm at my conference?"

"Such as......?" I replied over my shoulder as I was dressing for work that Monday morning as he packed for his business trip.

"Such as having another 'go' with he-of-the-large-cock, Bob.....certainly appeared to have pleased you the other night," Jack said with a gentle smile on his lips.

"Well, yeah, he did but you were part of that, too, you know," I answered, feeling a bit 'squirmy' at his mention of just how much I did enjoy Bob's firehose of a dick.

"A little part, maybe, but honestly? watching you and him fucking like rabbits was my treat that night," he replied, still smiling.

"Yeah, that was sorta' hot watching you watch me," I admitted, feeling a little 'tingle' in my crotch at the memory, adding, "even hotter, though, was you going down on me after he had shot his load inside of me."

"It was an impulse that I acted upon...glad you liked it; I did, I'd do it again, just so that you know," he replied.

"Anytime, honey, anytime," my smile broad across my face, "but, to answer your question about my plans this week, I don't really have any."

"Well, Bob's wife, Mindy, was eyeing you lustfully and I just thought........" letting his voice trail off into silence.

Damn! I wondered in that moment, did he have a fucking listening device in the bathroom of the club when Mindy had suggested a get-together with she and Bob? Of course he didn't but, still, it did catch me off-guard.

"She is sorta' cute," was my only comment on the subject, quickly deciding that he didn't 'need' to know about Mindy's invite to me to party with her and Bob. Besides, I hadn't really made up my mind about that.....well, not yet, anyway. But, her invite did pique my curiosity, well, that and her kiss of me in the bathroom the other night.

"Hey sugar, can you talk freely?" (read, is your husband around?)

"Oh yeah," I panted in answer, "Jack's off at the home office for a week of meetings." I damned near tripped and fell running to grab the ringing phone when I had arrived home from work that Monday evening.

"Must be Karma........So, any plans for tomorrow evening?" Mindy continued.

"Nope," was my simple, short, reply.

"How does the thought of having dinner with us sound? Bob grills a mean steak and the hottub can pamper you and I while we let him wait on us. What'd ya' think, sweetie, sound good?"

"Doesn't sound bad, I must say....."

"Good. See you at seven," She interrupted to say, giving me their home address afterwards.

Hmmmmph, I thought, didn't take her long to call. Well, I thought further, guess I have made up my mind about getting together with those two, chuckling to myself.

Truthfully, though we had only 'swung' twice since deciding to give it a go, my mind-set, sexually, appears to be moving on a fast-track as well. The thing is, I didn't give it a second thought about the probability that I'd wind up fucking Bob and Mindy tomorrow night. The fact that Jack wouldn't be there with me didn't bother me at all, but the more I thought about it, the more I knew that I wouldn't or couldn't keep it from Jack.

Picking up the phone, I called Jack at his hotel, and after some inane chit-chat, told him of Mindy's invite.

"Wish I could be there to see it," Jack responded, "but, since I can't, I'll leave it to you to tell me all about it after I get home, blow by blow, so to speak," chuckling after he said it.

"Cute," I replied to his pun, "but, don't worry, I'll be sure to fill your ears with all the delicious details of the fuck-fest, should it come to that, sweetie."

Never thought of myself as a slut but.......

"Damn! Don't you look good enough to eat," Mindy said as she and I embraced in the doorway of their home.

I wore a simple blouse and a pair of ass-hugging capris. The blouse material was thin enough to give just a 'hint' of my braless breasts and the capris showed off my toned ass to great advantage. 

"Hey, Shari, glad you could join us," exchanging a quick cheek-kiss with me, " Mindy, why don't you do your thing and fix us some Maggies? (Margaritas) while I season up the meat."

Bob was in shorts and a tee, a good look for him I thought in the moment. His tee showed off his physique and the shorts didn't hide his package, and I found myself flashing back to the size of his dick which, of course, sent little jolts of electricity to my crotch.

"Call us when the steaks are done, baby," Mindy said to Bob as she handed him his Maggie, "we'll be vegging in the hottub, okay?"

"Should be about another hour before the coals are ready, okay girls?" Bob replied as Mindy took me by my hand to follow her out to the far side of their huge deck at the rear of the house. The hottub had its own enclosure, a gazebo-style affair with windows and screens that could be opened for outside air.

"What's that?" Mindy asked with a nod to a beach-type tote on my shoulder.

"A towel and my swim suit," I innocently answered which brought about a guffaw from Mindy.

"Oh no, sweetness, naked is how we hottub in this house and I've got a couple of wraps for us to use when dinner is ready......now, get out of your clothes and let momma get all hot and bothered," Mindy said as she quickly started dropping her clothes onto the deck of the room.

"Ooooh, nice," Mindy said as she took in my nakedness with lustful eyes.

At thirty-two, I worked hard to maintain my hundred and ten pounds that worked well with my five-five height. I ran and did stair-steps to help keep me toned, and my 34Cs had yet to start sagging. Yeah, I looked good and that she appreciated it sorta' got me excited.

"You're not so bad yourself," I remarked as she slipped out of her thong. Mindy was about my weight but taller by three or four inches. Her boobs were perky and firm and, I judged, probably a cup-size smaller.

"C'mon sugar, let's get wet," she said, grabbing my hand and leading me into the bubbling warm water of the hottub.

Damn but did it ever feel good....so good, I thought, that I should talk with Jack about adding one to our deck. Leaning our heads on the side of the tub, we let our bodies float, letting the hottub carry us off to blissfulness.

"Bob really enjoyed it the other night with you," she said after a bit, "especially your oral talents. It's not often that women are able to handle his piece of meat with their mouths."

"Certainly was a challenge but glad he enjoyed it, I know I did," I answered with my eyes still closed.

That was when she kissed me, her tongue slipping between my lips and into my mouth, one of her hands gently cupping and kneading my breast. Funny thing is, it felt perfectly natural as did my response of opening my mouth wider for her to explore with her tongue.

"After dinner, I thought we could share a doobie and have a little girl-time while Bob cleans up after our meal, before he joins us, okay?" Mindy said softly between little nipping kisses to my lips and nipples.

"You should know that I've never been with a girl, sexually," I said between soft pecks to her lips.

"All the better, baby, I like breaking in newbies," she chuckled, biting gently on my nipples floating just out of the water, one of her hands lightly stroking up and down my landing-strip of pubic hair.

"Ooooh, that feels good," I cooed as she trailed her finger down my strip and over my 'little man', circling and rubbing it to erection.

"That's the plan, baby," Mindy cooed back, her thumb and forefinger, now, gripping and twirling my nub with increasing pressure, "Just relax and let momma play a bit, sweetie."

It wasn't hard to do, I must say.

"So, you've never played with another girl? Ever?" Mindy asked between pinches to my clit and suckles of my hard nipples.

"Ummm, no......I had a friend in high school that hinted at some girl-girl stuff but I was too chicken to try it," I answered with labored breathing......I was getting seriously turned on by Ms. Mindy, the climax machine revving up from her play with me.

"Too bad for her," Mindy whispered, slipping a finger into my slit at the same time her tongue slipped into my mouth which opened wide in acceptance.

"Five minutes until chow, ladies," Bob's voice cried from outside of the hottub gazebo.

Damn! I thought, soooo close.......

"Good," Mindy breathed as she licked my ear with her tongue, "a little bit of steak before a whole lot of pussy sounds just perfect, don't you think?"

"Whatever you think, works for me," I babbled.

Bitch had me so horny that I was ready for whatever she wanted us to do.

Mindy was right. Bob does grill up a mean steak, along with the trimmings and fixings. Not a fan of fucking on a full stomach-and I was convinced by then that I would be fucking someone or someones that night-I ate just enough to take the edge off of my hunger.

Mindy also left some steak on her plate, I was relieved to see but, not wanting Bob to think it wasn't good, I said to him, "As good as the steak is, Bob, that's just waaaaay too much meat."

"Yeah, he gets that a lot....." Mindy quipped which, after a heartbeat, caused all three of us to laugh at the unintended pun referring to his dick size.

Mindy excused herself for a moment and disappeared down the hallway. I began picking up dishes and stuff to help Bob with the cleanup of our dinner. Returning, Mindy was twirling the ends of a freshly-rolled joint. After she fired it up, the three of us stood in the kitchen passing it between us. 

I hadn't smoked in quite a while, it not being a regular 'thing' for me or Jack but both enjoying it whenever we did smoke. Truthfully, the mellow buzz put my nervousness of my first threesome without my husband at bay, relaxing me in a good way.

"Bob, if it's okay with you, we'll leave the cleanup to you if you don't mind," Mindy said with a hint of sexy in her voice, "I'm going to finish the doobie with Shari and.....well, you know where we'll be when you ready to find us," winking at him while saying it.

"Am I invited to join in or am I just watching tonight?" He replied with an arched eyebrow of question.

"Whatd'ya think sweetie, think we ought to let Bob join us? Are you ready for some more of that thick cock?" Mindy asked me with an arm around my waist,hugging me to her body.

"Certainly wouldn't refuse it," my voice and shit-eating grin revealing that I had already entered the ozone.

"In time, sweetie, but while we wait on him, I have some plans for you," Mindy remarked as she led me by the hand down the hallway.

Their master bedroom was large, well-appointed, and lit only by some well-placed candles, producing a soft glow about the room. Their California-King bed was without it's duvet, soft cotton sheets covering the bed.

We stood next to each other, by the bed, and finished the doobie. Turning to me after she put out the roach, Mindy took me into her arms, both of us moving to kiss the other.

I kissed. She gnawed, lightly, wetly, little bites to my lips and tongue, her hands quietly exploring my body as she did so.

I returned the attention to her with no reservation or hesitation. That I so easily indulged this girl-girl sex play did cause me a nano-second of wondering if I had some genes of bisexuality within me that I wasn't aware of. Quickly deciding that I liked it no matter the reason, I went with it.

Slipping our wraps from out bodies as we kissed and fondled each other, the two of us moved onto the bed, our kiss increasing in lustfulness as we did so. Laying on top of me, Mindy slipped her tongue further into my mouth while starting a slow grind of her pussy against mine.

Opening my legs as I would for a man to mount me, I wrapped them around her hips and ass, pulling her grinding snatch against my responding hips and pussy.

"Ooooh yeah, that does feel good, doesnt it, baby," Mindy cooed as her tongue explored my ears and neck, leaving trails of wetness as it did so.

"Uh-huh......yes...it does...." I said with labored breath. Lifting her boobs to my mouth, I instinctively reached for them with open mouth and tongue to suckle, small bites of her large nipples sending heat to my already hot pussy.

"Oooh sweetie, if this is your first time, you're a natural at this," she cooed, Mindy's breathing as labored as mine.

Good to know she was as turned on as I was.

Holding my hands above my head with her own hands, she started a slow, teasing path down my boobs and body with her mouth and tongue, towards my wet pussy.

"Awwww........oooooooooooh.....ooooh, sweet fucking Jesus....." I moaned when she sucked my clit into her mouth, the tip of her tongue playing on its hardness, shockwaves of arousal filling my body.

"OH.......MY.......GOD!!!" I screamed when an orgasm of a ten magnitude suddenly, without a second's warning, gripped and racked my entire being, my body literally quaking with pleasure as the waves rolled over me repeatedly.

Kissing her way slowly back up my body, I pulled her mouth to mine hungrily as her head neared mine, laying on the large, fluffy pillows. The taste of my own juices on her lips and tongue sent me into a frenzy of tongue-sucking and lip-biting, the salty/tangy taste driving my desires.

Rolling over onto her back quickly, taking me along with her, I was suddenly on top of her, her legs, now, wrapped around my grinding hips, our pussies-both wet, now-kissing each other, as it were.

She sucked on my full boobs, biting and chewing on my nipples as I happily moved against her pussy with mine. I quickly decided that women suck titties much better than men.

Going with the desires and lust that now had control of me, I, as she had done to me, began kissing and licking a path down her body to my target, her pussy.

And when I got there?

As if I had done this a million times before, I wrapped my mouth around her snatch, my fingers peeling back the folds of her pussy, exposing a clit slightly larger than mine. Sucking it into my mouth as if it were a baby-cock, she moaned her pleasure loudly.

I loved eating pussy I quickly decided....who knew?

I'm not sure how many times she climaxed but I remember that it thrilled me that I was able to get her off this way. Continuing my oral exploration of her womanhood, I felt the bed sink behind me, quickly followed by the touch of Bob's hands to my hips, raising me until I was into a three-point stance, separating my legs as he did so. 

With my face buried in his wife's pussy, Bob placed the enormous head of his rock-hard dick against my slit, slowly inserting it, my pussy stretching as he entered me.

Back and forth, teasingly, each forward thrust moving his cock further into me until I felt I would burst.

But in a good way.

Moving quicker now, Bob began giving me a world-class, pussy-stretching, cum-drenched fucking that lasted forever it seemed. When the climaxes exploded, it exploded for all three of us withing seconds of each other.

When I felt the first spasms of cum slam into my well-fucked pussy, I began climaxing as well. My sudden thrust of tongue into Mindy's well-eaten cunt caused her to explode within a heartbeat. Bob collapsed on top of us, his weight lessened by his elbows on the bed. Slowly pulling his cock from my very satisfied snatch, I rolled under him onto my back. 

Gripping his semi-hard cock with my hand, the slime of his cum and mine slathered on his member, I led him to my mouth while he stayed on his knees near my head. Taking him slowly into my mouth and throat, I could get about seven of his nine, thick inches down my throat. 

It was enough.

Sucking and licking on his pole, I felt Mindy move between my legs to suck and lick his cum from my drenched pussy.

Works for me!

We rested. We finished the roach. Bob recovered quickly, fucking his wife as she ate me to repeated climaxes. I returned the favor and eagerly ate his cum from her after he got off.....

I drove home around midnight, as well-fucked as I had ever been. Laying on the seat, next to my purse was a dvd of my night of fucking with Bob and Mindy.

Of course I didn't know I'd be videoed.

At first I was angry, stammering when Mindy returned to the bedroom after excusing herself to check on something, 'down the hall'. Handing me the dvd, she said, "We video all of our encounters, Shari; we don't sell them, we don't share them with anybody else but our sex partners, we use them for our own voyeuristic fetish."

"You have to trust us that we won't 'put it out there'," Bob said softly, "We never tell anybody that we do it the first time we're with them. Its much more spontaneous then."

As I said, at first I was angry, but that changed the more I thought about it. 

Jack could share my sex-filled evening with Bob and Mindy by watching the dvd. I knew he'd want to watch it, not sure how I knew, but I just did.

I watched it after I got home and masturbated myself to a very satisfying, sleep-inducing orgasm.

Yeah......Jack will definitely want to see this!