 Chapter 1: From Darkness into Light

Lenore pulled her 320Z to the side of the road and double-checked the address, 91281 Pacific Coast Hwy, Florence, OR. According to the GPS, it should be within 100 yards of her location, but there was nothing. No house, no driveway, no mailbox, nothing. She was about to give up and call the number she had been given for directions when she saw a paved turnout on the seaward side of the highway about 50 yards ahead. After checking both directions, she zipped across the highway to the turnout. It was barely fifteen feet wide and no more than three car lengths long, but at the north end was a narrow paved driveway almost totally hidden by the lush green trees along the coastal highway. As she approached the driveway, Lenore noticed a weather black 6x6 post set just to the left of the narrow road. On it the number the 91281 had been painted in yellow. This must be the place.

Lenore eased her little sports car along the narrow road as it wound its way among the windswept pines. As she passed a moss-covered boulder nearly twice as large of her car, Lenore saw a house on the cliff side. Driving closer, she could see that the house had been built into the cliff face itself, as if the building were part of the land around it rather perched on top. Parking her car in one of the spaces outside the two-car garage, Lenore grabbed her purse and overnight and made her way to the front door. She was about to knock when she saw the envelope with her name on it taped to the door. Inside was a note. 

"Had to make a quick trip into town. Just leave your luggage in the entryway and make yourself at home. You'll find some refreshment on the kitchen table."

The entryway was stylishly decorated in art deco style. Lenore set her purse and overnight bag on a small oak table. Above the table was a magnificently mirror. Three feet wide and four feet high, the mirror had the classic angles of 1920's art deco. Looking closer, Lenore realized both the table and mirror were not modern reproductions but original pieces. It was obvious that the owners had the money to indulge in their passions.

Stepping into the living area she found that the art deco theme continued throughout the house. The room was large but there was a coziness to it that she found appealing. The entire west wall was floor to ceiling windows set into classic art deco style frames of polished aluminum. Lenore stood at the window to admire the magnificent view. From the vantage point overlooking the secluded cove below, Lenore could see the deep blue-green Pacific stretching to the horizon. Fishing boats framed by the distant grew clouds made the view look more like a painting than real life. 

Tearing herself from the view, Lenore quickly found the kitchen just off the living area. It was large and well laid out, obviously designed for entertaining. On the counter she found an open bottle of champagne sitting in an ice bucket with a crystal champagne flute near by. Next to the wine was another envelope with her name on it.

"Pour yourself a glass of wine and go down the stairs to the last door in the hallway."

Odd instructions she thought. Looking at the note more closely she decided that the precise handwriting had a distinctly feminine flare. Lenore poured a glass of wine and tasted the champagne. It was outstanding. The tiny bubbles tickled her tongue and the flavor was like nothing she'd ever encountered. There seemed to be an energy to the wine. It had the perfect combination of sweet and dry with notes of pastry, lemon, and a ever so subtle hint of smokiness. Lenore picked up the bottle for a closer look at the label: 1996 Dom Perignon Oenotheque, a very expensive wine to set out for light refreshment. She enjoyed another taste, topped off her glass and wondered out to find the stairs. 

Quickly finding the stairway just opposite the kitchen, Lenore made her way down to the lower floor she found a well-lit hallway with several side doors and at the end, a large decorated door. The door opened to reveal the largest bedroom Lenore had ever seen. Like the rest of the house it was decorated in opulent art deco style, but it was the bed that grabbed Lenore's attention. It was huge. She figured it was over six feet long and at least nine feet wide, twice the size of the full bed in her bedroom. The huge headboard reached nearly to the ceiling. The silk bed cover was obviously handmade. Depicting an erotic scene in art deco style, it was a piece of art worthy of a major gallery. On the pillow nearest the door she noticed another envelope with her name on the front. It was written in the same hand as the others. Picking up the envelope reveled a black silk sleep mask. Setting her champagne on the bed table, Lenore opened the envelope and read the note inside. 

"Please remove all your clothes and place them on the dressing table near the window. Move to the center of the bed. Put the sleep mask on and lay on your back with your hands at your side." 

Lenore was shocked. What had she gotten herself into? At the bottom of the note was another message.

"You have nothing to fear. You will be safe."

Lenore picked up her wine, sat on the edge of the bed and contemplated her situation. It had been over three years since Allen passed away. She had mourned his death for over two of those years, but in the past few months she felt a growing urge to rejoin the human race. Allen had provided well for her during their twenty-six years together, and had her with a substantial legacy, more than enough to live well for the rest of her life. She took a sip of the wine. The exquisite taste reminded her of why she had accepted the invitation in the first place. Her life with Allen had always been filled with adventure. From their honeymoon in Yellowstone Park to their twenty-fifth anniversary in Fiji, he had always done his best to show her the variety of experiences life had to offer. In the years since his passing Lenore's world had gone dark. With no one to share her life, she never went out and seldom socialized. Her days were spent reading, exercising, and watching old movies. 

In the few months Lenore began to rediscover the world around her. She began to get out of the house, indulging her fondness for antiques by roaming second-hand stores and antique malls. Occasionally she would treat herself to dinner out, returning to Allen's favorite restaurants. She felt like she was reawakening after a long sleep. She also found that she not only missed the adventure, she craved it. She wanted to experience new and exciting things. 

Taking another sip from her glass, Lenore made up her mind. Draining the remaining champagne in a single gulp, she set her glass on the night table, kicked off her shoes, and began to unbutton her blouse.

Lenore had her clothes off in a few minutes, folding them neatly and placing them on the dressing table. She took a moment to look at herself in the mirror. At a mere four foot six on her tiptoes, she was tiny. During her college days she had wished she were taller and often worn platform shoes. That all changed after she met Allen. While her would often make jokes about her height, Lenore knew her diminutive size was one of the things he had loved about her. She cupped her 32 C breasts. Her small size made them look like a taller woman's double D's. Time and gravity had taken a toll but she had always tried to keep in shape and her efforts showed in a toned figure even at 46. She glanced at her pussy. On a whim, she had decided to shave shortly after receiving the invitation. Her pink lips were bare except for a small narrow patch just above her slit. What did they call it these days, a landing strip? Lenore giggled at the thought. At least it retained her original auburn color. Turning from the dressing table, Lenore grabbed the sleep mask, hopped up on the mattress and crawled to the center of the bed. Taking one last glance around the room, she placed the sleep mask over her eyes and lay her head on the silk pillow. There was nothing she could do now but wait.

Time drifted slowly by and Lenore began to reconsider her situation. She was blindfolded, naked, and alone, lying in an unfamiliar bed in a strange house, all because she craved a little adventure, what was she thinking. If she had the sense God gave a duck, she would get her clothes on and leave this place as quickly as possible. Still she continued to lie in the quiet house, awaiting who knows what. She had no reason to play it safe and a very compelling reason to live life on the edge.

A cool breeze washed over her naked body causing her nipples to tighten. Lenore was enjoying the feeling when she suddenly realized what had caused the breeze; the door had been opened. There was someone else in the room. Listening carefully, Lenore could hear the faint rustling of footsteps in the plush carpeting followed by the slight but distinctive creak of the dressing table chair. A few seconds later she heard the sound of a zipper. Whoever was in the room was undressing. Lenore's heart began to pound. What had she gotten herself into?

Time seemed to stand still. Seconds passed like minutes as Lenore tried to anticipate the Visitor's next move. The anticipation was so nearly unbearable she thought she would scream. Lenore felt the movement of the mattress as the Visitor crawled onto the bed. She tried to control herself taking long, deep breathes. Deprived of sight all she had was the rustle of silk and movement of the mattress to let her know the Visitor movements. Soon the Visitor was right next to her, so close that Lenore imagined she could feel the Visitor's body heat.

Seconds passed. Nothing. A full minute passed and still nothing. The anticipation was overwhelming. Lenore could feel her heart rate increase with each passing second. She was about to speak, to somehow break the tension, when she felt the warmth of the Visitor's breath on her right breast. The Visitor was close enough to touch her and yet did not. Lenore shivered with excitement. 

Once again Lenore felt the warmth of the Visitor's breath on her breast. This time a wave of pleasure washed over her. She heard a soft moan of delight. The silk coverlet rustled ever so slightly as the Visitor moved. Lenore felt the warmth of the Visitor's breath on her naked tummy. Once again she heard a soft moan of delight. The Visitor moved again. The pause was longer. Even though she knew it was coming, the sudden feeling of the Visitor's warm breath on her pussy surprised Lenore. The moan of pleasure was much louder. Lenore became aware of the source of the moans. They were her own expressions of joy.

The Visitor moved again, and Lenore felt an ache of desire building within her. An ache both familiar and distant as her body recalled half forgotten memories of lustful joy. It had been nearly four years since she had experienced the primal desire of sex. Lenore gasped as the Visitor softly caressed her cheek. Soft full lips kissed her own. Inviting more, Lenore opening her mouth slightly as an intense feeling desire began building within her. 

The Visitor's tongue demanded entrance. Lenore was more than happy to acquiesce. Their tongues danced, sharing the pure animalistic joy of lust. Both were breathing hard when Visitor broke off the kiss. A warm hand once again caressed Lenore's face with long feminine fingers. The kiss that followed was like none other that Lenore had ever experienced. The Visitor's hot, passionate tongue probed Lenore's open mouth deeper. The hand that had once caressed her cheek slid behind her neck and pulled her closer to the Visitor's unseen face. Lenore wanted to give herself completely. She had not experienced such joy, such passion since losing Allen. 

Half aware, Lenore felt a movement on the mattress. The Visitor was on her right, but the movement came from her left. Someone else was on the bed. A wave of apprehension caused her body tense as the fight or flight instinct took control. The Visitor sensed her fear and softly caressed her face. The lips that had kissed her so passionately were next to her ear. 

"Don't worry, you are safe," the Visitor whispered in a breathy voice.

"We are here to give you pleasure and return you to the light and land of the living."

As if on queue Lenore felt the hand of the Other caress her face. The fingers were thicker yet the touch as gentle as the Visitor's. A new set of lips kissed her gently. The Other's mouth was larger and stronger. Lenore allow the Other's tongue entrance to her mouth. The kiss was sensual and enjoyable but the Other lacked the unbridled passion of the Visitor. 

Hands began to roam freely over Lenore's body. The Visitor cupped her right breast as long fingers played with her taut nipple. The Other's strong hand fondled her tummy. Moans of pleasure filled the room. Lenore knew they were her own expressions of joy, yet they seem to come from someone else. As two pair of lips caressed her nipples suckling her like children nursing, Lenore arched her back uncontrollably as her body expressed a desire for more.

As the Visitor and the Other suckled at her breasts, their hand began to move lower. Lenore opened her thighs to the joy she prayed would come. Their hands eagerly explored her inner thighs cause goose bumps along her legs. Lenore's moans of pleasure were continuous as her sexual excitement increased. The musky smell of sex began to fill her nostrils, yet another assault to her senses. The dampness flowed from her pussy flooding the silk coverlet beneath. She couldn't remember feeling so wet. An electric thrill coursed through Lenore's body as the hand of the Other lightly stroked her pussy lips. Spreading her knees, she lifted her hips inviting more. The Other was happy to oblige, stroking her pouty lips again and again. A wave of pure animal pleasure was building deep within Lenore's loins as feelings of wonton desire and lust, feelings she had not experienced for years, were reborn within her. Her guttural moans filled the room. 

Working in concert, the Other gently spread Lenore's pussy lips as the Visitor slid a finger deep into her cunt. Lenore's groans of pleasure grew louder. The Visitor withdrew her finger and lightly stroked Lenore's swollen clit. Catlike screams of pleasure echoed from the walls as wave after wave of erotic joy exploded from her pussy. Lenore was lost in a world of delight as her first orgasm in nearly four years coursed through her body.

The Visitor and the Other held Lenore tightly as she slowly recovered from her orgasm. She could feel dampness against her hip and the breasts of the Visitor as the woman snuggled up to her right side. To her left, she could feel the stiff cock of the Other at her left hip as he held her closer. The lips of the Visitor caressed Lenore's ear. 

"Are you ready for more?" 

"Yes"

As the Visitor kissed her passionately, Lenore felt the Other move between her legs. He's going to fuck me. Lenore felt a thrill of excitement. Allen had been the only man to fuck her in over 28 years. For a fleeting second, Lenore experienced a twinge of guilt, a feeling that she was cheating on Allen. Realizing that Allen would want her to enjoy her life, she opened herself to the exciting idea of experiencing a new cock. The thrill of adventure was more than Lenore had hoped for. 

"Lift your hips, Lover" The voice was low and masculine.

Lenore felt a pillow slid under her butt as she followed the Other's instructions. Bending her knees, Lenore found herself in the perfect position to accept the Other's body into her own. The Visitor's began caressing Lenore's tummy slowly moving lower with each touch. Soon the soft, feminine hand was caressing her pussy lips. Lenore gasps as two fingers slid deep into her cunt. The feeling was exquisite. 

"I think she ready."

"Oh yes, please." Lenore cried, "Fuck me. Please fuck me."

The Other was only too happy to oblige. Lenore felt the hot tip of his cock slide along her pussy lips. The Visitor's hand stroked her the soft hair of her landing strip, then reaching lower, spread Lenore's pussy lips. The touch of the Other's cock to her clit caused an electric shock to course through her body. A guttural groan escaped her lips.

"Please" she pleaded. 

More than anything else in the world, Lenore wanted the Other's cock in her cunt. She wanted to feel the heat of his body deep within her own. Instead of entering her, the Other slid the length of his cock up and down between her damp pussy lips. His cock was thicker than she had imagined. The ridges of his hot, steel hard member filled Lenore with wanton anticipation. "Please fuck me," she pleaded. 

His body moved forward. Lenore heard his grunt of pleasure as the ridge of his thick cock-head penetrate her tight, wet cunt. Moans of lustful joy filled the room. Relishing the feeling of his hot cock as it sunk deeper into her body, Lenore spread her leg wider, inviting the Other to thrust his hot throbbing member deeper into her tight cunt. Moving slowing, the Other pushed forward. The feeling of fullness was exquisite. All she could think of was more. Give me more. 

His body penetrated deeper and deeper into her own until suddenly Lenore felt his balls brush against her ass as the tip of his cock pressed against her cervix. No one, not even her beloved Allen had been so deep into her cunt. The feeling was like none other she had ever experienced. 

"Fuck!" Lenore screamed in pure lustful delight. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" She suddenly loved to hear the word.

The Other began moving his cock in and out of her cunt like some mighty piston. The sound of their love making filled Lenore's ears. The Other's deep breaths mingled with her own ragged breathing. Grunts, moans, cries of delight filled the room. Lenore giggled like a schoolgirl as the Visitor's tongue suckled her nipples. The passion of the Visitor's kisses fed her animal lust as the Other fucked her cunt like a mad man. The sweet musky smell of sex was everywhere. 

"Does his body please you?" the Visitor whispered in Lenore's ear. 

"Oh yes" Lenore screamed.

"What more do you desire" The Visitor's voice as seductive.

"I want his cum." Lenore cried without thinking. "Fill my pussy with cum!"

Lenore was lost in a world of primal pleasure. She felt the almost painful pressure of a cosmic orgasm building deep within her cunt. Her cries of sexual excitement were muffled by the Visitor's increasingly passionate kisses. Lenore felt a sudden change in the Other's rhythm and knew instinctively that he was about to cum. Reaching out for the first time, Lenore grasp the Visitor's hand and quickly guided it to her pussy. She desperately wanted to feel the Visitor's fingers on her clit when the other came. The Visitor need no other encouragement and began to immediately fondle Lenore's love button. The sexual pressure in her cunt was incredible. Lenore felt as if she was going to explode. Grunting in pleasure at thrust of the Other's cock, the Visitor suckling her nipple. Lenore was at the center of a universe of sexual pleasure. 

With a growl like a big cat, the Other thrust himself even deeper into Lenore's body. She could feel the Other's body pulsing white hot cum into her cunt. That was all it took. A tsunami of pleasure washed over her body, as a gigantic orgasm exploded from the very core of her being. Her screams of ecstasy mingled with the Other's deep growls of delight. Lenore felt the Visitor's mouth on her own. Her passionate kiss was more than Lenore could stand. As the Visitor's tongue thrust deep in her mouth, Lenore's world exploded in a flash of white light.