 Devlin slowly released his wife, and rolled to the side, pulling her with him so he could cuddle her. Anna went to him willingly, folding herself into his arms, and offering him her mouth for a kiss.

"I love you, Annie!" he whispered in her hair. "Always!" He caressed her breasts as he kissed her, lingering on her hardening nipples. 

"I love you, too, Dev!" she murmured, letting him suck her tongue into his mouth. She felt herself getting all wound up again, and wondered where this new burst of energy was coming form. She could feel her husband hardening behind her, and it thrilled her that after all these years, she could still make him hard for her, could still make him tremble when he came.

"We have to get up! Big day today, remember?" She hissed when he slid a finger between the lips of her soaking pussy. "You're insatiable, aren't you, Dev?"

"When have I not wanted to make love to you? Tell me!" he demanded.

"Never!" she replied, laughing. "We were always ready for each other. Guess we were born ready! But we have a date today, remember? We have to get the kids squared away, and pack for our little trip."

Devlin sat up in bed, and pulled Anna up with him. "So, what do you think she'll be like?" he asked. "She's a sexy little mama on the Internet, but in real life, she may be a dud!"

"I seriously doubt it, Dev! I think I may end up being very jealous of her ability to turn you on!" 

Anna looked at him, but there was a smile on her face, telling him she was joking. Devlin relaxed, and turned her for another kiss. "I still want to make love to you again, but you're right, we need to get up." 

He bit her earlobe and slid his tongue behind her ear before letting her go and getting off the bed. His erection stood proud and high, and Anna put out a hand to stop him from leaving. He turned back to her, and she took him in her hands and set about making him moan and groan from the pleasure she was giving him. Her hands were busy on his rod, caressing it, stroking it, pumping it, squeezing it, making him crazy. He pushed himself into her hands, and then, as he was winding up to climax, she licked the head, once, twice, again, and then sucked him into her mouth. He shouted as he came. Hard. Anna milked him with her hands, watching him shoot his load, letting it fall on her breasts.

"Mmmm! Oh baby! I love it when you come hard like that!" Anna rose up on her knees and hugged her husband, loving the way he trembled in her arms. They had been married for fifteen years, and still the fire of passion burned brightly between them. They shared everything, and had done for all their years together, even before they were married. 

She loosed her hold on him and let him pull her along with him to the bathroom. Today they were going to meet a friend whom they had first met online over a year earlier. She lived on the opposite coast, and they were to travel to meet her, halfway between their two states. They had been planning this little jaunt for a while, and now they were finally going to meet her. Her name was Beth, and she fascinated them. She was from the Caribbean, a teacher, a mother, a writer, and it seemed, lonely. They both liked the stories she wrote, and she had even written a couple with Anna which they were looking to get published.

Anna let her husband wash her body, knowing they would probably make love one more time in the shower, and loving that he still knew how to set her ablaze. Her thoughts went from their meeting with Beth to the feel of his hands on her arms, on her back, on her breasts, on her belly, on her mound of pleasure.

"Babe, we really need to get going!" she whispered, hoping he wouldn't stop.

"Payback, babe! And I'm loving it. Feel your breath hitching when I do this," he slid a lathered finger between the lips of her sex. When she moaned, he slid it down, then up again, and then circled her aching bud.

"Dev!" she gasped.

"Hmmm? What? I'm just making sure you're clean everywhere," he said, and plunged two fingers inside.

The cries from the shower might have awakened the dead, but Anna was beyond caring. She let Devlin play with her, and bring her to a crashing orgasm, and she trembled in his arms as he rinsed her body.

"We're going to have to be really quiet when we meet Beth," she said on a satisfied sigh. "We can't share a suite with her and be noisy like this!"

Devlin laughed as he lathered himself. "Maybe she won't mind!" he said.

He hadn't told Anna what he had been thinking about for more than a week now, as the time came closer for them to meet their friend, but he found he was very eager to find out if Beth were as daring as some of the stories she wrote suggested she might be. She had written a couple about threesomes, and he had been impossibly hard when he read them. The lovemaking he shared with Anna after reading them had been intensely pleasurable for both of them, and she had even wondered aloud the second time what had gotten into him. He knew his wife was willing to try anything, but he wasn't sure how she would react if he told her he wanted to see if their friend would make a threesome with them. He knew he would love to share love with Beth. She had come to be important to them, and they cherished her friendship. Which was part of the reason he hadn't mentioned his fantasy to Anna. He worried that if they went there, it might ruin his marriage and their friendship, and he didn't want to be the reason either of those things happened.

As they got dressed, he tried to think of a way to broach the subject. He watched Anna as she spread creamy body lotion on her long legs. Her bottom invited him to touch her, to taste her, and he sighed, feeling himself go hard again. How was he going to deal with two women, if it ever happened, when one was driving him crazy? He sighed, a smile crossing his features. Anna saw it and quirked an inquiring brow.

"What's the smile for?" she asked, pulling the black thong panties up her legs.

"Nothing!" he said. "Just admiring the view!"

She smiled at him and slipped into her Capri pants -- white, form fitting, topped by a red spaghetti-strapped little number that showed off her breasts to advantage. She added a simple gold chain, gold hoop earrings, and red sandals on her feet, and she was ready. He smiled again, remembering that the girls --he had taken to calling Anna and Beth that in his mind -- had decided on this outfit together, and that they would dress alike for the duration of their time together. How was he going to hide his erection when he had his sexy wife on one arm and the hot Caribbean babe they were going to meet on the other?

Anna walked over to the door.

"Stop mooning about and finish dressing, Dev! We still have to get the girls to Jenny, before we go. Breakfast will be in about ten minutes. Bring the case down with you when you're coming, please. Don't forget to pack toothbrushes and hair brushes."

She walked out without waiting for a response, and Devlin finished his own dressing before retrieving the suitcase and making sure everything they would need was in it. He went downstairs at the same time as his girls did. They were giggling about something only they knew about, and he watched them, twin terrors on their best day, and his heart filled with love. He was a happy man -- he had a wife he loved with his whole heart, and two of the most treasured possessions a man can have, his daughters. He lost his balance when they jumped on him.

"Morning Dad!" They tackled him, and he stumbled, but righted himself before they all fell in a heap on the floor.

"Remember, I'm called your "old man" for a reason," he reminded them, but he hugged them anyway. 

They laughed and presented their cheeks for kissing. He obliged, and they all sat down to waffles and sausages. Anna poured coffee and orange juice, and then she sat with them. The talk was all of the next few days. Hannah and Devorah chattered on about the boys they had met the last time they were at their aunt Jenny's house, and giggled when Devlin asked if they had any plans to meet them again.

"Oh, Dad! Those boys are too silly for us!" Devorah said. She was the older by fifteen minutes, and the bolder of the twins. She was far older than her fourteen years -- an old soul, as her mother said at least once a day. "Besides, that was last year!" 

She made that last statement as though it explained everything, and Devlin laughed out loud.

"Come on, let's hurry up and clean up the kitchen, so you can get a head start on this year's crop of boys!" He laughed again as the girls rolled their eyes, and Anna looked at him like he had lost his mind. 

He knew he wouldn't be the typical father. He would protect his girls, but he wanted them to know the joy of deep love, and he wouldn't fight them when they found their soulmates. He had found his, and he wanted them to know the same joy he knew. The kitchen clean, he ushered the girls out to the car and watched as Anna locked the door and joined them. The ride to Jenny's house took fifteen minutes, and as they pulled into her driveway, Anna turned to the girls and said,

"We'll call you when we get there! And please, girls, don't spend too much time hogging Jenny's phone. I didn't hear the end of that for a whole month!" 

Devlin watched them walk into his favorite sister-in-law's house, and his mind went back to the woman he and Anna were about to meet for the first time. In her pictures she was a big, pretty, brown-skinned woman with a great smile and dimples in both cheeks. For some reason, as he thought about her now, he felt himself growing hard, and he quickly adjusted himself before Anna came back, which she was even now doing, having kissed her children and her sister goodbye. He took a deep breath, and watched his wife come toward him. He was deeply in love with Anna, and he wished he understood this feeling he had for a total stranger.

"Ready?" Anna asked, as she swung her tanned legs into the car. "As I'll ever be!" he answered, putting the car in Reverse and backing out of the driveway. "Got the tickets?"

"Everything's in here! We're gonna have fun, right, Dev?"

Devlin heard the uncertainty in his wife's voice and glanced at her. Her face had that tense look, as when she was worried about something -- it was all angles. He reached for her hand and squeezed it.

"What's up?" he asked, caressing her knuckles with his thumb.

"Don't tell me you haven't been thinking about the same thing as me!" she burst out, turning to look at him with troubled eyes.

Devlin felt his breath hitch in his chest, but he managed to answer coolly enough, "And what have you been thinking about, sweetie?"

"Beth!" she said, as if that explained everything.

His lips quirked up at the corners. "What about her?"

"What if she...what if we...?" She fumbled for the right words to say what she was thinking. "She's a damned sexy woman, Dev, and she made it sound as though she would try anything!"

"Anything like...?"

"Well, this morning, when we were making love, and I said we'd have to be quiet, you said she might like it!" Anna's voice was high. "Well, what if she not only likes it but...wants to join in?" She sounded at once scandalized and intrigued. Her cheeks were flushed, as though she had been exerting a lot of energy.

Devlin squeezed her hand again. "Would that bother you?" he asked, trying to keep his voice calm. 

"I don't know!" Anna answered him. 

He could hear the confusion in her voice, and something else that he recognized as desire. He had to force himself to concentrate on which turns to take, and when to get on and off the highway. Anna wanted Beth, too! Holy cow! He removed his hand from hers, so she wouldn't notice the fine trembling that had taken it over. He didn't ask the question that was burning in his mind -- how she would feel if he made love with Beth. He had a feeling that that was what she wasn't so sure about.

He turned into the airport parking lot and went to the long-term parking section. After locking the car, he and Anna boarded the shuttle to their terminal, and stood in line waiting to be checked in.

"You didn't answer me, Dev," Anna commented in a low voice.

Devlin went instantly on alert. "What question?" he asked, even though he knew.

"You haven't wondered about what Beth might want?" She turned questioning eyes to his face.

"Sure," he hedged, "but I figure, it's better we wait and see. We may be reading too much into things," he added, more to himself than to her.

"I don't think so," Anna insisted. "but you could be right..." her voice trailed off, and soon they were waiting for their flight to be called. 

Devlin waited till they were in the air before he said, as they sipped Cokes,

"So...what if I said I wouldn't mind? Would that help you make up your mind?" He forced himself to look at his wife calmly, though his heart was racing, and he was sure she could see his pulse ticking rapidly in his throat.

Anna looked at him and licked her lips. "It sounds so decadent," she said. "But if you didn't mind, and the mood was right..." She paused and looked at him again.

"Honey, what if she wants me? And I want her? Would that be okay, too?" 

Devlin let his questions sit there, knowing that while he was burning to know this woman, he would never do anything to upset his wife, but wanting her to say she'd be okay with it. He had never had such feelings before, and he couldn't explain them now, so he didn't bother to try. 

"I don't know, Dev! I really don't know!"

Anna's uncertain voice echoed in Devlin's mind all the way to their hotel. He felt himself getting excited as they neared their destination. The salty air nipped at his nostrils, and the warm sun only added to the heat already pulsing off him in waves. He wondered that Anna didn't feel it. Once they were checked in, he took their suitcases over to the elevator and waited impatiently for it to arrive. The doors slid open...and Devlin's jaw dropped.

Beth Benjamin stepped toward him and stopped. Her eyes registered a cautious recognition, and she smiled, and said,

"Dev? Is it you?" Her voice was like warm molasses, and it trickled in through the channels of his ears and warmed his heart. 

He smiled and nodded. "Beth?"

She held her arms out and he hugged her big, warm body to him, trying to steel his body from stirring. Anna was behind him, and he turned and pulled her against his side. 

"Honey, it's Beth!" he said, and Anna left his embrace for Beth's. The women hugged longer, and he had time to breathe deeply and slow his heart rate. She was a beautiful woman, no doubt about that, and he suddenly knew he would have a hard time avoiding being aroused around her all weekend.

"It's so good to finally meet you guys!" she enthused, encompassing them both in a stunning smile that showed her dimples and pearly whites. "I was just going to get some Gummi Life Savers..." she blushed slightly as she said that. "I kinda like them. I'll be right back up, okay?"

She walked away from them, and Devlin and Anna stared after her before getting into the elevator. Anna felt warm, as though she had been caressed, and she looked over at her husband to find him in much the same state. In fact, if she were not mistaken, he had the beginnings of an erection that she knew he was trying hard to lose. Damn! She should never have brought up the subject, and now Dev would be so much more aware of their friend than he might otherwise have been. She thought back to his questions on the plane, and wondered if she would be jealous of a stranger.

They unpacked as soon as they got into the suite, noting that Beth had apparently ordered snacks for them. Anna wandered out to the balcony, feeling suddenly restless, and found a book that Beth must be reading lying on one of the loungers. It was a romance novel, of course, about vampires. Anna smiled. She had always known her friend Beth was a very sensual woman, and she admitted that that was a large part of what drew her to Beth. She exuded sensuality, in fact, a raw sexuality, even on her page. Her words lit up the page, and Anna had on more than one occasion gone to bed so aroused she had been unable to sleep, and had finally wakened Devlin to get the satisfaction she needed. Not that he minded, of course, she thought with a satisfied smile. Their lovemaking seemed to have become more inspired since they met Beth. 

Beth's voice brought her back to the moment.

"You look great, missy!" she said, smiling at Anna, who smiled in return and said, "Yeah, so do you! We clean up good, huh?"

They laughed and watched Devlin come towards them. His step was firm, his long legs eating up the space between them. He stopped beside his wife's chair.

"Thanks for ordering refreshments, Beth!" he said. 

He popped a succulent shrimp into his mouth and Anna felt suddenly warm.

"So how have you been, missy?" he continued. "Anna and I have been looking forward to this for over a month, and we can't wait to hear all your news."

He had brought the dish with the hors d'oeuvres on it, and each woman helped herself to the delights on it. Devlin put the tray down on the table and sat on the floor next to Anna. It served two purposes, his seat -- it kept him close to his wife, and gave him a good view of the woman he finally admitted he was lusting after. He shook his head, and tried to concentrate on her answer to his question.

"I'm really tired," Beth said, smiling at them. "I didn't get to bed till almost two, and I was out again at four to get the shuttle to the airport. It's been non-stop till now. I'll probably fall asleep on you all before too long!" She chuckled merrily and sipped the drink she had brought out with her.

"Why don't you go ahead, then?" Anna suggested, looking at her with concern. "We need you ready for dinner and the dancing we've planned for later." Anna reached over to get a drink from the table, and added, "Maybe I should get a nap, too! Insurance, you know?" Her eyes twinkled as she spoke, and they all laughed.

"I call this lounger right here," Devlin said, and stretched out. "Anna knows, I can sleep anywhere." 

He turned his eyes out to the scenery below them. Lake water glistened in the afternoon sunlight, and boaters, skiers and others enjoyed themselves frolicking about. He heard a plane in the still air, and then saw it scudding across the sky in the distance, before it disappeared into sunlight. He heard the girls talking, but he tuned them out, needing to steady himself. Beth wore the same colors as his wife, but her top accentuated her lush breasts in a way that made his mouth water. He had fought to keep his eyes off them all afternoon, and now he closed them, and let himself relax. He felt lips on his and his eyes flew open. Anna smiled down at him.

"You dozed off there, big guy! Seems we all need a nap! Beth and I will see you later, okay?" She kissed him again, and he felt Beth's eyes on them. He would have deepened the kiss, but he didn't. 

Anna straightened and walked away with Beth into the suite. He watched Beth's curvy bottom as it undulated away from him. He felt his cock stirring again, and was glad neither woman was there to witness his discomfiture. He tore his eyes way from her and closed them again, settling his shoulders more comfortably into the chair. He didn't know when he fell asleep again, but he woke to a cooling breeze on his cheeks, and muted lights in the suite. The girls must be up. 

He stood up stiffly, and stretched, loving the way his muscles felt. He'd better hurry and shower now before the girls hogged the bathroom and used all the hot water. He could hear them giggling as he walked into the suite, and he followed the sound of their voices. He found them in Beth's room, undressed except for underwear. His eyes popped out, and he swallowed convulsively. They could not see him standing in the doorway, as they cupped their breasts and laughed at some private joke. Anna slid her hands seductively down her thigh, and Devlin, whose cock immediately stood at attention, heard Beth say "Ooooh! Hot mama!!" They both burst out laughing again, and then quieted to giggles as Beth slid her palms down her ass cheeks, slapping them lightly and making Devlin's heavy cock jerk. He stifled a moan and turned away, but his movement caught Anna's eye. She turned around and said,
