 (Authors Note: As ever, since this is fantasy, I assume a world without STDs.)

*

I had often fantasized about my sister-in-law when I had been married to my first wife. The ex-wife was the youngest of 3 sisters from Finland and her middle sister was a knockout, just oozing sexuality. While Sara was cute as hell and sexually willing, there was an immaturity to her that her sister Ana didn't have at all.

Now here she was, sitting on the sofa in front of me, naked as a jaybird, a huge, black dildo sticking out of her pussy as she gulped down the cum that was filling her mouth from my cock.

"Oh, damn, that is incredible," I moaned as she went down on me, swallowing all 7", her throat muscles milking me dry.

"You like?" she asked, her tongue flicking into the slit of my cock, teasing out any stray bits.

"Oh, yes, I like," I gasped as she continued to pump my cock while running tongue all over the head.

"You like to lick my pussy now?" she asked, leaning back and bringing her feet up onto the edge of the sofa, wide apart so that I could easily see the huge, black dildo sticking out of her pussy which she lazily grasped with one hand and began to pump in and out, her petal-thin pussy lips clinging to the shaft while her tiny clit appeared to throb above it.

"Shit, yes," I said, dropping to my knees in front of her.

"My pussy tastes good, I think," she said, withdrawing the dildo from her pussy and bringing it to her mouth where she sucked on the head of it before leaning forward and kissing me, one hand on the back of my neck as her cum-covered tongue snaked into my mouth.

"Your cock and cum taste very good," she said as she broke the kiss and leaned back, her hands parting her pussy for me.

I couldn't stick my tongue into her fast enough, and god, did she taste great! I sucked and slurped at the viscous pussy cocktail, chewed on her pussy lips, and then started sucking on her clit, which sent her into paroxysm of spasmodic orgasmic jerks and twitches as she came.

"What a great pussy!" I exclaimed, lifting my pussy-smeared face to look at her, at the same time easily sliding four fingers into her, right up to the last knuckle.

"Oh, oh, oh," she cried out, humping herself against my hand as I began to pump my fingers in and out of her pussy. "You eat pussy so nice," she hissed.

"I'd eat your pussy anytime," I assured her as my hand slid into her pussy past the last knuckles, my thumb the only part still outside, rubbing her clit as she writhed on the sofa in front of me, her pussy clasping my hand.

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me," she pleaded, hooking her elbows behind her knees and pulling them back up & wide apart, really presenting her spread pussy.

Pulling my hand from her pussy with a plopping sound, I wondered if I'd even feel anything as I jammed by rock-hard cock into her gaping maw. To my extreme surprise, her pussy wrapped itself around me and began to milk my cock with exquisite muscular contractions as I pumped myself in and out.

"Fuck my ass now, my ass," Ana gasped after several minutes of really fine pussy pumping.

Who was I to argue, I thought, pulling my cock from her incredible pussy and lowering it to her starred rosebud staring at me right below. With very little effort my cock slid into her tight ass as she rotated and writhed on my cock. As I was fucking her, she picked up her dildo which was laying on the sofa and jammed it back into her pussy, fucking herself while I continued to plow her ass. After what seemed like ages, I felt myself ready to cum and told her so.

"Cum all over my pussy," she demanded, pulling the big, black dildo out.

Pulling my cock from her ass, I aimed it at her gaping pussy and liberally covered it with spurt after spurt of hot cum, filling her hole and covering her clit in a puddle of white cum.

"Oh, oh, oh," she gasped as each spurt of cum splashed against her spread pussy. "I love the feeling of cum on my body," she said, sticking a couple of fingers into herself and then sucking on them.

"You are incredible!" I said, my legs trembling from the force of my second orgasm in such a short time.

"You like?" she asked, continuing to dip her fingers into her pussy and then suck them clean.

"Oh, yes, I like," I replied.

"Better than Sara?" she asked, a broad smile on her face, her incredibly blue eyes sparkling.

"Well, to tell you the truth, it's been so long, I just don't remember enough of how it was to be able to say," I said honestly.

"Maybe you should fuck us together and see who is better," she suggested, then burst out laughing when she saw the look on my face.

"So, I have 2 weeks for vacation," she said, sucking on her cum-covered fingers. "I like to have lots of sex on vacation," she added. "You like to be my sex toy for my vacation?" she asked, smiling at me kneeling between her spread legs.

"Oh, yes," I replied, hardly daring to believe my ears. "I'd like that. Very much. But what about Sara?"

"Sara is ex, old news, right? So not her business. If you my sex toy, then you have to do everything I say," she admonished, looking at me sternly.

"Well, as long as it doesn't involve pain, piss, or shit, I think I can live with that," I said, smiling at her, my insides jumping for joy.

"And you have the same for me," she said. "I mean," she explained, seeing the lack of comprehension on my face, "that I am your sex toy, too. I do whatever you tell me."

"Yes," I said, not daring to say more, not believing that this was happening.

"I say yes, too," Ana said, beaming that incredible smile at me. "Now eat my pussy again, make me cum real nice," she said, leaning back on the sofa.

I looked down at her still cum-covered pussy and thought that sometimes getting what you want isn't always getting what you really want, then I dove right in and feasted on her juicy quim, quickly getting over the taste of my cum, which I realized wasn't all that bad. Unbelievably, my cock got hard again, and after first washing myself, I took my time and fucked Ana's pussy, her knees hooked behind her elbows as I feasted on the sight of her pussy and my cock sliding in and out of it.

"Where you like to cum?" she asked, seeing and feeling that I was close, my cock plunging noisily in and out of her incredible pussy.

"In your mouth," I replied, knowing that it was the right answer when I saw her eyes light up and her smile spread across her face.

"Here you are," I said, pulling my cock from her pussy and crawling up to straddle her chest, my glistening cock sliding into her open mouth.

She only had to wrap that sucking machine around me for a moment before I exploded, cum pumping into her mouth as she sucked me dry, her tongue driving me wild as she plunged it into my slit repeatedly. When I finally stopped cumming, she let my cock slide from her mouth and pulled me down for the cummiest kiss I've ever experienced in my life, her mouth being full of all of my cum. But kissing this woman was the most erotic and sexual experience I'd ever had and I enjoyed every single moment of it. She personified sexuality.

"I think this will be a nice vacation," Ana said, smiling up at me.

"I think this will be a great vacation," I replied, kissing her once again.

"I go lay in the sun now," she said. "You come back later?"

"I can't wait," I answered, crawling off of her, not missing the opportunity for once last drink at the fountain between her legs, soaked and sopping from our last fuck. God, what a delicious pussy!

"Go now," she said, laughing, pushing me away from her pussy. "Come back later."

Laughing, I got to my feet, both of our eyes drawn to the fact that my cock was standing straight out in front of me.

"So quick?" she said, her eyes wide. "I like very much."

"So do I," I added, not daring to say more and thanking the Universe for the moment.

When I got back to my place, I showered, then collapsed onto my bed, falling immediately asleep. I had just fucked like a teenager and was exhausted. When I awoke, I saw that 5 hours had passed. Quickly pulling on a t-shirt and some shorts, I made the 5-minute trip back over to Sara & Troy's house. Troy was on one of his 3-month stints working overseas, one of the reasons Ana had come to visit, so that Sara would have some company.

Arriving at the house, I saw that Sara hadn't come home from work yet and prayed that this afternoon hadn't been some aberration as I knocked on the door. I was totally unprepared for the door to be opened by a totally naked Ana, black dildo in hand.

"Mmm, good," she said, reaching out and pulling me into the house. "I waited for you," she said, dragging me over to the sofa where she sat down, bringing her feet up onto the edge, wide apart, her shiny, naked pussy spread wide open. "Eat my pussy, Sex Toy," she said, smiling up at me, "then fuck me good."

"Won't Sara be home soon?" I asked, dropping my clothes onto the floor and diving into her sopping pussy.

"You can hurry," she said, rubbing my head as I feasted. "Make me cum, then fuck me," she said, humping her pussy up into my face as I ate her.

She was hot as can be and primed, her pussy a sopping mess, and it wasn't but a couple of minutes before she was moaning and shaking as she orgasmed.

"Now, fuck me now," she cried out as I tried to drink her up.

I needed no encouragement to rise to my knees and slam my rock-hard cock into her hungry maw, burying all 7" in one stroke. Ana lifted up into me, grinding herself against me as I began to slam my cock in and out of her pussy, feeling it milking me each time. It was so hot that I found myself ready to cum in only a couple of minutes and warned her.

"Cum in me," Ana cried out as she bucked up at me. "In me and on my pussy," she said as my balls exploded.

After the first few hard shots I pulled out and sprayed the next shot all over her pussy and clit.

"In me," she said, lifting her cum-covered pussy onto my still spurting cock.

I buried myself in her, feeling the final spurts squirting into her before I pulled out and squeezed the last drops onto her fat, throbbing clit.

"Nice, so nice," she sighed, rubbing her finger in circles on her cum-covered clit. "Now eat my pussy again, make it nice and clean," she said, smiling up at me.

Smiling at her, I leaned over and kissed her, then worked my way down, stopping at her fat nipples to suck and chew on them before dropping to my knees and gluing my mouth to her cum-covered and filled pussy.

And it just didn't matter. She had the absolute best-tasting pussy I had ever had the pleasure of sticking my tongue into. Whether it was just her pussy or the fact that it was covered with my cum, it just didn't matter, I couldn't get enough of it.

"Oh, oh, oh!" she cried, bucking up against my mouth as she came yet again, flooding my mouth with her delicious juices.

"Mmm, I like the way you eat pussy," she gasped, pushing me away. "But I want your cock now," she said, sitting up and pulling me forward, sucking me all the way into her throat where I unbelievably became instantly hard again.

"So, you like the way I suck your cock?" she asked, once again inhaling it.

"I love the way you suck my cock," I told her, still in disbelief that this was happening.

"Uh-oh," she said as the headlights from Sara's car splashed across the walls as she pulled into the drive.

I quickly pulled on my clothes as Ana sauntered naked to the bathroom. Just as the front door opened, I managed to take a seat at the kitchen counter and pick up the day's newspaper. I heard the shower start just as Sara stepped through the door.

"Oh, hi," she said when she saw me, a tired smile on her face. Amazing how much alike they looked.

"Hey," I replied, seeing my ex-wife in a bit of a different light at the moment. She still looked good. You'd never guess that she was within 10 years of her actual age. "You look beat," I commented.

"I am," she replied, dropping onto a stool next to me. "I had to do 7 massages today."

"Ouch!" I said, knowing from personal experience how hard that is, and I'm 6'2" and 180lbs compared to her 5'6" and 115lbs.

"Ana's in the shower," I said, stating the obvious. "You want a glass of wine?" I asked.

"That would be great," she sighed, leaning forward and putting her head on her arms. "I am so tired," she said.

"Here you go," I said, putting a glass of white wine in front of her, hoping that she didn't notice that my cock just would not relax.

"So, what's up with Ana?" she asked.

"I don't know," I replied. "She called and invited me over and then went into the shower. I just got here really. I suppose she wants us to all go out tonight."

"Oh, god, I don't know," Sara said, gulping half of her glass of wine down. "I barely have enough strength to eat."

"Take a shower, you'll wake right up," Ana said as she walked up, a towel held under her arms in front of her that came down just far enough. "Then we eat, then we go out and have some fun. Wine for me, too?" she asked, cocking her head at me, that incredible smile on her face.

"Sure," I replied, getting up and moving around behind her to get the wine, noticing in the process that the towel really was just held in front of her, her entire backside exposed.

"Here you are," I said as I set a full glass down in front of her.

"So, we go out?" Ana asked.

"I'll try," Sara said, finishing off her glass of wine. "I'll take a shower and see if I can wake up a bit," she said, getting to her feet. "And put some clothes on, Ana," she said as she walked behind her and noticed that she was naked.

"Of course," Ana said with a laugh. "I just wanted to say hello that you were home," she added as she turned and followed Sara, her naked ass swinging.

"Can we go someplace close by?" Sara asked when we had finished eating.

"Doesn't matter to me," I said.

"I just want to have some fun," Ana said. "Nice drinks, some dancing, nice men," she added with a laugh.

"You and your men," Sara said, laughing, Ana's reputation as a sex-hungry predator well-known.

"You still have your agreement with Troy?" Ana asked.

There was a sudden furious exchange in their native language.

"Hey, wait a minute," I said, still puzzling over what Ana had asked. "What's this about?"

"Nothing, it's nothing," Sara said, her face flushed with anger and her eyes blazing.

"Why are you afraid to say?" Ana asked, equal anger on her face. "If it's okay, it's okay. Why so secret?"

"What is going on?" I asked. "Sara?"

"It was supposed to be private," Sara replied, "very private."

"What?" I asked.

"A few years ago Troy and I agreed that when he was on his long work trips, that we would each have, well, what we call sexual freedom," she replied, blushing in spite of the flush of anger on her face.

"So, makes sense," I said, using all of my self-control to keep my face and voice neutral, in spite of the fact that the news rocked me. Sara had always been so conservative in that regard, though somewhat adventuresome between us. "What's the problem?"

"I just didn't want everyone to know," she replied. "It's between me and Troy."

"Well, I don't care," I said. "I'm glad for you, both of you. As someone who never confused emotions and sex, I have no problem with it."

"Well, I don't want everyone to know," Sara said.

"I'll never say a word about it," I told her. "But you know that. But now that I do know, you can talk to me if and when you need to. Might be useful sometime."

"So, we dress now?" Ana asked.

"Sure," Sara said, sighing as she got to her feet.

"So, you like?" Ana asked when they re-appeared a few minutes later, Sara wearing short-shorts and a halter top, while Ana wore a very short skirt and a halter top. It was obvious that neither of them had a bra on.

"Oh, yes, I like," I replied, a big smile on my face. "Everyone's going to be jealous of me," I said, laughing as we went out to the car.

"Down the street about a mile is a big shopping center," Sara said when we got into the car. "There are a couple of clubs and several bars and restaurants."

"Sounds great," I said, driving off.

"Wow, lots of cars," Ana commented when we arrived and parked. "I hear music over there," she said, pointing. "Dancing! Oh, pretty lights over there," she said, pointing to a different corner of the complex. "Maybe we go there, too," she said.

"I don't think so," Sara said. "That one is a sex club."

"Sex club!" Ana said. "Oh, I want to go there!"

"Of course you do," Sara said with a laugh. "Let's go dance."

"Another time?" Ana asked, a hungry/curious look on her face.

"I've never been," Sara said. "But I've heard some things about it."

The noise of the club overwhelmed us and further conversation was impossible as we made our way to the bar and got drinks. The music was good and we enjoyed dancing together. I was aware of the looks we were getting and was enjoying every single minute of it.

The first time they played a slow song, Ana told me to dance with Sara. It had been many years since I had felt her in my arms and I found it quite nice. Then I felt Ana pressing against me from behind and we were a dancing sandwich. At one point Ana spun me around so that she was facing me and to my surprise, Sara took up the back position, pressing herself against me. When the dance ended, I thanked them both, and without thinking, first kissed Ana gently on the mouth, and then turned to Sara and did the same.

"Wow, I feel like I won the lottery," I said, standing with an arm around each of them.

"I feel like I need to get some sleep," Sara said. "I have to work again tomorrow."

"Mmm, I want to dance some more," Ana said. "You want to stay, too?" she asked me.

"Sure, why not," I replied. "Go ahead and take the car, Sara. We'll get a taxi. It's only a mile. I'm sure we won't be long, either. I'm pretty beat."

"You don't mind?" Sara asked.

"No," I replied. "If I get too tired, I'm sure I can just fall asleep and she'll keep on dancing."

"Of course!" Ana said, laughing.

"Well, if you two don't mind," Sara said, kissing Ana, then me. "I am just so tired."

"We'll see you later," I said as she walked away.

"Now we go to the sex club?" Ana said as soon as Sara left the club.

"What?" I exclaimed, not expecting that at all.

"I've never been to a sex club," she said. "What is it?"

"Like this, but people can have sex, openly or privately, one on one or in a group," I replied.

"You have been before?" she asked.

"Not to this one," I replied.

"A different one?" she asked.

"Yes, in Holland," I answered. "My girlfriend and I liked to go from time to time."

"And you had sex?" she asked.

"Well, yes," I replied.

"With each other only or also with other people?" she asked.

"Sometimes just with each other, sometimes with other people, too," I answered, seeing the excitement in her eyes.

"And no jealousy problems?" she asked.

"No, I don't think so," I told her. "At least I never had any and she never said anything to me that made me think that she had a problem with it."

"Why you like it so much?" she asked, moving closer to me so that our fronts were touching and I had to look down into her face.

"Well, it's very exciting to know that people are watching you when you're having sex," I told her. "It's also fun to watch people have sex."

"You liked watching your girlfriend have sex with others?" she asked.

"Oh, yes, I loved watching her have sex," I said.

"I want to see this club," Ana said. "You take me?" she asked, reaching between us to rub my rapidly hardening cock.

"Now?" I asked.

"Yes," she answered. "Why not? I think you ready," she added, giving my cock a squeeze.

"Well, let's go then," I said, taking her hand and heading for the exit.

It was a short walk across the parking lot to the sex club, Orgasms. As we walked in, Ana held my arm with both hands. We wandered around, finding the bar, the buffet, the dance floor, and the party rooms, some large, some smaller and more private, some dark, some lit like full daylight. There was one hallway that was a long glory hole with holes in the wall at various heights and sizes, a couple of which were occupied.
