 My girlfriend, Tamara, and I had gone out to dinner and were looking forward to getting home and spending some quality time with each other. I wanted to check out the quality of her tits, and she wanted to check out my cock. The anticipation of having my dick sucked and then exploring the wetness of her cunt was overwhelming.

Things started getting hot on the ride home. Tamara always kept a small vibrator, in her purse, for those times when she just had to have a cock in her pussy. Being a horny girl, sometimes, she just has to fuck. She pulled her skirt up and began rubbing her pussy through the wetness of her thong. Wanting to have her pussy filled, she slipped off her thong and quickly inserted a finger. It was not long before I saw her add another. Because her pussy was wet, she did not need lubrication, and the sound, of her being fucked, was like music to my ears.

She pulled out her pink wonder and quickly began sliding it in and out of her soggy cunt. Her legs were spread wide, and she was fucking her hairless pussy for all she was worth. I saw her start with slow shallow strokes, but soon she was pushing it deeper and harder. Wanting to increase her pleasure, she started rubbing her clit.

I could tell she was approaching orgasm, but then she slowed her motion to prolong the intense sensations she was having. The sound of the vibe in conjunction with her heavy breathing was driving me crazy.

She would occasionally reach over to rub my cock through my pants, making it extremely hard to drive. The sounds coming from her pussy as she slipped the vibe in and out were intoxicating. My cock was straining to be released from its prison, and I definitely wanted to set it free. I kept imagining that it was my cock, not the vibrator, fucking her. I badly wanted to start banging her, and I almost pulled over.

She unbuttoned her blouse and reached behind to unfasten her pretty lace bra. As her beautiful C cup tits were released, I could see that her nipples were fully erect. She started to slowly encircle them with her fingers and enjoyed pulling them ever so slightly.

Her moaning was getting louder and I could tell that she was approaching her moment. She started to arch her back, and the screams came as she did. I could smell her juices as she bucked her hips, grinding the vibrator deeper into her pussy. The orgasm had her now, and she loved every minute of it.

We were getting close to home, and Tamara started getting herself together. I told her to stop, and get out of the car as she was. I wanted her to walk in with no panties, and blouse open to reveal her perfect breasts. She was a sight to see, and I didn't care who saw. I knew that whoever caught a glimpse would simply be envious.

As we approached my house, I was surprised to see the car of my ex-girlfriend parked out front, and my ex sitting on the front steps. 

We had broken up about a year ago because she had difficulty keeping her legs closed. I can tolerate someone wanting a lot of sex, but she was with other people more than she was with me. We separated under good terms, but we hadn't talked to each other in a long time. 

I had told Tamara about her, including all the details about our sex life together. She had always been curious about meeting Rhonda, and she was getting ready to have her chance.

Because of her lack of clothing, she stayed in the car as I got out to speak with Rhonda. As I approached her, I was surprised to see the way she was dressed. She had a button down shirt on, and I think it may have been one of mine. There were several of the buttons open, revealing the lace bra that lie underneath. This did nothing to hide her large double D's that I had always enjoyed getting my hands on. She was also wearing a short, tight mini skirt but sat with her legs spread to reveal her lack of panties.

This was definitely going to be interesting. My girlfriend was in my car, and my ex-girlfriend was on my front porch.

"What are you doing here, Rhonda?" I asked.

"I needed to see you, Scott. I have missed you terribly." She replied.

The look on her face showed affection, but we were long since through.

"You know it's too late for that. I have moved on since we were together. I thought you had too." I told her.

"I know you have a new girl, Scott. She's gorgeous. Why is she waiting in the car?" Rhonda asked.

"I'm not."

Tamara had gotten out and was walking up behind me. She had not gotten dressed and had a look that would have slapped Rhonda if it had hands.

Rhonda was certainly shocked at the sight of Tamara. She was spectacular to look at, normally, but given her current state of undress, she was a vision to behold.

"What do you want with Scott? He is with me now." Tamara said as she walked up beside me.

"No one has ever been able make me feel the way that he does. I was hoping to come here and seduce him into fucking me for old times sake." Rhonda replied.

"He only fucks me now." Tamara said matter of factly.

Rhonda looked disappointed, but not angry. Tamara was simply in control of what was going on and was not about to let that change.

I was in a kind of daze. My hot girlfriend is standing beside me, top open with her tits hanging out and bare assed. My ex-girlfriend is sitting in front of me with her bra-covered tits exposed and making no efforts at all to hide her pussy from me. I was surprised to see the two of them checking each other out. I had expected trouble, but now, I didn't know what was going to happen.

"I do have an idea," Tamara said. "Why don't you come over here and lick my pussy. If I like it, I will talk to Scott about the possibility of fingering your pussy. But don't get your hopes up."

Holy Shit! I couldn't believe what Tamara just said! What astonished me even more was when Rhonda got up and walked towards her.

"Yes maam." Rhonda said as she got down on her knees and moved her tongue towards Tamara's waiting pussy.

Tamara pulled her leg up and had me hold it to allow better access for Rhonda.

"Mmmmmmmm, that's right, lick my clit first. I'll tell you when you can stop."

Rhonda's head moved up and down as her tongue danced along Tamara's clit. Tamara was enjoying what was being done to her, and Rhonda seemed to be enjoying it to.

"Is this okay, honey?" Tamara asked me. "She is licking my pussy pretty good."

"If it's okay with you, it's okay with me!" I replied. I mean hell, what was I going to say. She winked at me and leaned over to kiss me.

"Let's take her inside and wear her ass out." Tamara whispered in my ear. 

"Take charge and tell us what to do," she continued.

Rhonda was so busy with Tamara's pussy that she couldn't hear what we were talking about.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked.

"Definitely." She replied, as her head rolled back from the pleasure she was receiving.

I smacked Rhonda on the ass and said, "Let's get inside, and we'll see what happens."

"All right." Rhonda replied.

Tamara grabbed her face and said "You will address him as master, do you understand?"

"Yes, maam" Rhonda replied.

As we got inside the door, Tamara pushed Rhonda forward. She stumbled towards a chair that was just inside. As she reached the chair, Tamara pressed her over one of the arms. Her short skirt allowed for full access. Tamara slid Rhonda's skirt up and quickly started playing with her pussy. She rubbed up and down her slit, pausing only to slide a finger inside.

After pulling Tamara's blouse the rest of the way off, I leaned over and started sucking on one of her luscious tits. Her nipples were taut, and I was enjoying the feel of them against my tongue.

Tamara now had several fingers deep in Rhonda's pussy. She began fucking her sort of slow but quickly increased the speed and force. Each thrust caused Rhonda's tits to sway, and I was genuinely enjoying the show going on before me. Each time Tamara's fingers would go deep, I could see Rhonda's mouth open as she gasped and relished every thrust into her hot, wanting pussy.

I moved around in front of Rhonda and pulled out my rock hard erection. As I drew closer to her mouth, she immediately reached out and took me into her. She began working up and down my pole while keeping time with the fucking that Tamara's fingers were giving her.

I truly appreciate having my cock sucked. I know that most men enjoy it, but I truly love it. Almost more than fucking! That, of course, is my opinion but at this point, mine is the only one that counts!

I realized quickly though, how much better Tamara was at sucking cock than Rhonda. She was sucking me more out of obligation than enjoyment. Tamara loved to suck cock, and it was completely evident in her technique and passion.

As Rhonda continued to suck on me, Tamara disappeared around the corner and into our bedroom. I took Rhonda by the hand and led her over to the couch. I sat down and motioned for her to kneel and continue the service she was giving my cock.

Rhonda removed her shirt and took off her bra. When she released her large globes, I could see that her nipples were so hard that her areolas were wrinkled. I don't think I had ever seen her this turned on. She went back to slurping my shaft with even more eagerness than before. It was evident that she was beginning to enjoy what was happening.

Tamara came back from our bedroom completely naked and carrying a towel. It appeared to have something wrapped up inside of it. She set the towel down beside me and leaned over to begin caressing Rhonda's tits. Tamara squeezed her nipples ever so softly but pulled on them a moment later causing her to jump. She began rubbing her pussy again and focused on her button. The moans that were escaping form Rhonda's mouth were evidence of the pleasure she was receiving.

Tamara began working her fingers in and out of her pussy. She was pushing deeper with every stroke. Next, she reached over to the towel she had brought out and unfolded it. Inside were various dildos and vibrators we used in our own love making sessions. Tamara grabbed one of her favorites. It was about 7 ½ inches long, 1 ½ inch thick, and black. She had named it Leroy.

"Leroy wants to say hello, honey," she said as she slipped the long black shaft into Rhonda's cunt.

Rhonda jumped forward a bit which caused her to take me deeper into her throat. She gagged only a moment before becoming comfortable with my cock's depth. She wasn't yet able to handle my full length, but she was close.

Tamara asked me to come and help her. I slipped my cock out of Rhonda's mouth and let her lean forward with her arms resting on the couch. Her breathing was heavy and labored. The extreme feelings in her cunt were overwhelming her. I came around behind her, and after grabbing some lube; I began to finger her ass.

The entire time we had been together she had never allowed me to fuck her ass. I was thrilled with the idea that I was getting the opportunity now. She tensed a little at first but then began to relax as I probed her ass more with my fingers.

While I continued, Tamara increased her fucking pace and grabbed a little vibrator for the clit. Rhonda was now over taken with pleasure from what was happening to her. She had come hoping to get fucked for old times sake but was getting far more than what she bargained for.

"Scott, I have an idea," Tamara whispered. "Lay on the couch so you can ass-fuck her." 

I got up from where I was and moved back to the couch. Tamara pulled Rhonda up off of the ground and turned her so that her back was facing me. As Tamara pushed her down, she reached down to guide my cock to its target.

"Fuck her ass, Scott! Fuck it good and hard!" Tamara said.

A look of surprise came over Rhonda's face as my cock head reached her hole. She started to resist but there was to be none of that. I reached up, grabbed her hips, and guided my cock into her ass. I did not stop until my entire cock was filling her ass. I began to slowly rock back and forth. As I increased my rhythm, so did the volume of Rhonda's moans. She was enjoying my hard cock in her ass more than she thought she would. A few minutes had passed when I noticed that she was pushing back against me. She wanted to be fucked and I was not going to deny her.

"Tamara, grab Steve and fill her cunt with it." I instructed.

Steve was a 1 ¾ inch thick and 9" long. Tamara had no desire to be gentle and quickly shoved the dildo deep into Rhonda's pussy.

"Oh my God!" Rhonda screamed as Tamara began to stroke the dildo in and out of Rhonda's pussy. She now had two inches up her ass and almost as much in her pussy. She loved every filling moment of it. We both were fucking her relentlessly as her first orgasm ripped threw her. 

"Fuuuuuuuccccckkkk! Oh My God, please stop, I can't take any more! Please stop! Please stop!" Rhonda screamed.

This only increased our enthusiasm. I began fucking her even harder, and did not let up at all. I was slamming all of my cock deep into her ass. Tamara did the same as she buried the dildo all the way into her convulsing cunt.

"Again, Oh my God again. I'm coming again! Fuck, please, no more!" she cried once again.

Tamara pulled the dildo out and leaned in and began licking her pussy. She slid her tongue up and down Rhonda's slit and then took hold of her clit with her teeth. 

"OH MY GOD!" she screamed as she experienced her third orgasm. Her body was literally jerking now. I was growing close to my own release and wanted to rain cum down on her tits. I pulled my cock out of her ass and moved beside her. 

"Open up," I ordered.

"Yes, master," She replied.

I quickly began fucking her mouth and shoved my manhood to the back of her throat. As I began to cum, I pulled out of Rhonda's mouth and started jerking my seed all over her large breast. Tamara eagerly licked my cum off of Rhonda's tits and savoring every drop.

Looking at Rhonda, I could tell that she thought we were through. How wrong she was.

"Suck my pussy!" Tamara commanded.

She grasped the back of Rhonda's head and pulled her to her dripping cunt. I saw a familiar look in Tamara's eyes, and I knew just what to do. She wanted my cock. Stepping toward her, Tamara grabbed my shaft and began bobbing her head up and down on my engorged member. She had one hand on Rhonda's head while stroking and sucking me with the other.

It did not take long, and she began to cum. As she did, I pulled out and positioned myself behind Rhonda. Tamara was in full orgasmic pleasure when I inserted my cock back into Rhonda's ass. Her tits bounced with every stroke as she continued lapping Tamara's nectar.

As my second orgasm approached, I reached forward and grabbed two handfuls of tit and pulled her back while pushing my cock even deeper into her tight ass. My semen shot and filled her ass causing her fourth orgasm of the evening.

"Yes! Oh my God that is sooooooooo gooooood!!" Rhonda screamed.

When I let her go, she fell forward, and my cock came out of her ass with a pop. She lay there, spent.

Tamara looked at me and smiled, feeling quite content herself. The smell of sex and sweat filled the air as we all recovered.

"Tamara, go get Bob," I instructed.

She looked surprised at first but then smiled a devilish smile.

"Yes, my lover" she replied.

I rolled Rhonda over and spread her legs.

"Oooooooh, no more please." She asked.

"We're not done just yet." I told her.

Tamara appeared with Bob in her hands. Bob is the special occasion dildo. It is 2 ¾" thick and eighteen inches long. As I had said, it was for very special occasions.

"Tamara, get on your knees. I want to fuck you while you fuck Rhonda." 

Rhonda had not opened her eyes as Tamara moved in over her. I slid my cock into Tamara's pussy, and she slid Bob into Rhonda.

Her eyes widened as she felt the enormous cock begin to invade her pussy. Tamara pushed the baseball bat of a cock deep into Rhonda's cunt. We fucked, matching stroke for stroke until I reached my final climax of the night. I thrust my cock deep into Tamara pushing her over the edge.

"Yeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssss!" she screamed. "Fuck me more! Please don't stop!"

Rhonda began to cum as well. She could no longer withstand the forces overcoming her and passed out. 

I fell back, exhausted and satisfied. Tamara lay beside me. Her heavy breathing was a sign of the pleasure she had received. We lay there for a while just basking in the sex we had enjoyed. Rhonda came to and lay there with us. No one said a word; there was nothing that needed to be said.

A little later, we all gathered ourselves together, and Tamara walked Rhonda to the door. I didn't say goodbye because I didn't think it was necessary. Once in my bedroom, I flopped onto my bed. Tamara followed me and lay beside me.

"Well, that was interesting." She said.

"To say the least." I replied.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" she asked. "I know I did."

I was not sure of how I should answer and simply replied, "Yes."

"That's good, because I don't think we will ever see her again."