 The girls waved back towards the ship as they walked down the gangway leading to the Aruba dock. Once ashore, Liz smiled brightly and blew Gilles a kiss before she lost sight of him. As they negotiated the series of checks and document reviews, Liz smiled, knowing she'd see Gilles again if she ever made her way to Montreal. She and Sam had enjoyed a few fun filled days and incredibly vigorous nights with the two French Canadians, exactly what they intended to try to from the onset of this trip. 

"So far so good!" Liz said as she sighed loudly. 

"Oh, please. You've never had it so good." Sam said back to her friend, knowing that the both of them were pretty wiped out from the time they'd spent with Gilles and Pierre. Her pussy was pretty raw from all the sex she'd had with Pierre over the past three nights. Liz, from all reports, had never had so much sex in such a short period of time as well. 

They passed through customs without a hitch and quickly found the limo driver to the hotel, laughing and chatting incessantly about the guys as the car made its way to the Hyatt Regency Resort and Casino. 

"So," Sam started to ask, "how's the re.." Sam stopped as Liz held up her hand and pressed her finger to her lips. 

"Oh yeah." Sam whispered. She forgot that limo drivers would be associated with the hotel and they needed to be on the QT so that nobody would catch on to the fact that they were doing an evaluation report. The initial part of the report covering the cruise ship was pretty thin so far. They'd definitely focused too much of their attention on Pierre and Gilles and would have to spend some time in the next day or so to get something actually written down. Once that was done, they could spend a couple of days doing the evaluation of the Hyatt before the staff ultimately got wise to them. After that, the focus would be on some young hunks to fuck for the rest of the week until they left for the final leg of their journey. 

The Hyatt Regency Resort Hotel and Casino was only a short drive from the cruise ship terminal and the check-in went smoothly since they'd arrived in one of the hotel's 'preferred client' limos. As with most resorts, they were greeted by a hostess who gave them a quick hotel overview and provided a couple the local favorite cocktails while a cute young bellhop collected their bags. 

The bellhop let Sam into her room first, then proceeded to unload Liz's bags from the trolley once he let her into her room. Liz gave him a generous tip while she eyed him up and down, giggling as the flustered young man quickly exited. Surveying her surroundings, Liz was pleased that the booking included two adjoining suites, thinking how great it would be if either she or Sam were doing any 'entertaining'. With a great view of the ocean from their furnished balconies, the Cayena Suites included a king sized bed, convertible couch and most importantly, a mini-bar. 

Setting down her drink, Liz got out her laptop and plugged it in to charge. Hearing a knock, she went over and opened the adjoining door. Sam strolled in, looking stunning in her newest string bikini. Twirling around, the brilliant yellow suit showed off her exquisite bod. 

"Wow, nice!" Liz complimented. 

"Thanks," Sam smiled wily and threw a towel over her shoulder. "Let's get some sun!" 

"I'm with you. I got a fairly decent base when I went to the beach the other day with Gilles. You never made it though." 

"No, the visit to town was enough." Sam had an evil grin on her face. "We did spend a few hours in the pool that afternoon before taking a nap though." 

"Yes, I recall you saying something about it. Some nap." Liz laughed. They'd spent a lot of their time with the guys over the past three days and both needed some time to recuperate. She'd fucked Gilles incessantly, in every conceivable position, her room and his, and they'd even screwed on the balcony once. Sam had confided that she was pretty worn out from her time with Pierre as well. Both guys had amazing stamina and satisfied the girls with a wonderful few days they'd not soon forget. 

Grabbing their beach bags, they headed out to bask in the sun and relax for a couple hours before starting their assessment of the resort. 

* * * 

The girls strolled around the interior of the hotel, orienting themselves a bit before they found a quiet spot outside at the edge of the grill/bar that was located halfway between the pool area and the beach. There were lots of attractive and obviously well-to-do women and men of all ages at the resort. Compared to many Caribbean islands, visitors to Aruba were generally more affluent since besides the hotel itself, the meals, excursions and other extras were quiet expensive. 

"You are so luck you get to do this for a living", Sam commented appreciatively. 

"Yeah, I know", Liz agreed, thinking about how much she enjoyed traveling on the agency's tab, especially so since any of the 'extras' provided by the resort that she put on her room ended up being complimentary at the end of the day. Her boss knew only too well that his agents took their work seriously so he also insisted that they 'enjoy themselves,' which meant that she had no reservations about taking advantage of whatever took her fancy, within reason. 

The tedious part about these trips however was the writing about it afterward. She and her colleagues always did a thorough job, so in the scheme of things it was a great deal to be able to travel and work at the same time. Digging out her tablet, Liz began to key in a few initial comments for the 'resort' portion of her report, first with the lobby check-in and their first impressions of the rooms. Keeping her eye out while she typed, she noted the amenities nearby, the location of the beach bar and food areas and her opinion of the general layout from the back of the hotel and through the pool area and out to the beach. After about ten minutes, she put the tablet aside and coolly asked over to Sam. "So, you seemed a bit surprised, but you never said anything about what I told you happened with me and Gilles that first night." 

"Well, to tell you the truth," Sam began, "I was a bit curious as to why you'd dragged us out to the deck to watch a movie in the first place." 

"Well, I thought it would be fun just to cuddle a bit. However, once we were lying out there I couldn't help myself. I never really thought about it, but once we got comfy under the towels, the effects of those few drinks made me feel like getting a bit naughty. Then, I was so fucking horny I just had to have some relief. " 

A waiter came by with their drink orders, and once he left, Liz looked inquisitively at Sam and continued. "I noticed that it didn't prevent you from latching onto Pierre, so to say, did it?" 

Sam giggled, "Ok, ok, but I didn't drag him to the back of a theater after that either." Sam laughed then took a long pull of her drink. "I would have loved to see that woman getting fucked though. That would have been hot." 

"Hmmm, it was." Liz agreed, thinking back to how excited she felt when watching that porter fuck the woman senseless. "Let's go for a swim." Liz suggested, needing to distract herself from those thoughts. 

"I'm with you!" Sam replied cheerfully. 

The two tossed their towels over their beach bags and crossed the wide beach to the warm turquoise waters. Liz loved how the ocean always left her with an amazing feeling. The granular salty residue from the water made her feel sexy and wanting some hot stud to caress her skin. While they swam and splashed around in the early afternoon sun, quiet a number of men, women and couples made their way across the beach. Since the resort was situated on Palm Beach, along with several other hotels, the opportunity to snag some hot dude for the night was pretty good. 

As they splashed around in the water, Liz recalled one previous trip to the Riu Palace when she'd met a cute middle aged guy at the night club. They hung out a bit, and she'd found out that he was single and at the resort for a friend's wedding. They met up a few times, and he'd kissed her on a couple of occasions when they were out on the beach, they never got to do anything else although she hinted more than once that she was interested. She suspected that he had someone at home and was too afraid he'd be found out if someone from his party saw them. 

This week, Liz mused, would definitely be different as she watched people stroll along the white powder sand. Many of the vacationers were checking out the opposite sex as they passed thinking on who might be potential 'friends' for the week just like she and Sam were doing. 

As the afternoon progressed and they enjoyed few colorful drinks under the hot sun, the girls thought it might be best to head back to their room to get cleaned up and watch a bit of TV before supper. Liz reminded Sam that it wasn't a good idea to get too much sun in these southern climates if you didn't want to end up getting burned and feeling sick, and Sam readily agreed. 

Collecting their towels and beach bags, the two headed back towards the hotel. Strolling past the bar shack, Sam dropped their towels into the laundry bin and noticed a tall dark haired hunk at the bar who smiled politely at her while he was making a drink for another guest. "Just a sec." Sam said to Liz and angled over to the broad hut. 

"Hi there!" Sam said with a tremendous smile on her face as she rested her arms on the counter. 

"Hey there yourself gorgeous." The bartender replied. "Are you enjoying the resort?" 

"Yes, very much," Sam replied, making it obvious that she was looking the handsome man over. He was nearly six foot tall, deeply tanned and had short dark curly hair. "You're not from around here, are you?" she asked. 

"No, I'm actually from Portugal. Came down a couple years ago on an archeological dig." 

"Really? Oh that's cool." 

"Well it was until I took a week of then found out I didn't have job to go back to. I had to find something else to do when our team's grant ran out, so I made a few jumps around to the islands doing odd jobs and eventually landed here. Had some bartending experience and speak a few languages, so I got a hired pretty easily. What about you?" 

Sam was infatuated. "Well, me and my friend are from Chicago and are just on vacation. Listen, I've got to go but would love to talk a bit later." 

"Sounds good. My name is Alex and I get off at seven." 

"Cool, I'm Sam, see you here around seven. Bye!" 

Sam trundled back to Liz and giddily told her "I've got a date for later!" 

"Great!" Liz replied, resigned at the ease of which Sam had locked onto yet another swinging dick. "Guess I'm on my own tonight then," she continued as they made their way back to their rooms. 

* * * 

As the sun moved lower to the west, Liz stood on the balcony watching the water sparkle and tapped out some notes on her tablet while Sam fixed some drinks . They'd showered and dressed in light tops and wispy skirts ready for dinnertime when Sam came out and offered Liz a glass. "Hey," Sam said inquisitively, "did you notice a guy on the beach watching us." 

"No, not especially. Why?" 

Well I thought there was this one guy, a bit older, maybe in his forties or so, who seemed to be around the bar the couple times I went up for a drink." 

"So did you say 'Hi' to him?" Liz asked, her curiosity peaking a bit. 

"Well I smiled at him, but then there were a lot of cute guys around this afternoon. I smiled at a lot of them." 

"Yeah, well you're a slut. Remember." 

Sam giggled as she took sip of her drink. "Well, that's not in dispute but anyway I found this guy a bit mysterious. Like he knew something, or saw something when he looked at me. It was kind of exciting. 

"Well then, you said he was cute, so next time go up and say 'Hi' and see what happens. You never know you might find him more interesting to talk to than some of the other guys you've dated in the past. He's probably a LOT more experiences too." Liz wriggled her eyebrows with a leer. "You might be surprised." 

"Well if I do, I'll be sure to point you out to him as well." 

Liz snorted at the thought. "Deal! I'd probably find him more interesting than you anyway." 

* * * 

Enjoying their desserts after a wonderful dinner, Liz and Sam had spent the majority of the last hour discussing how they'd do the evaluation over the next day. Splitting up the areas to focus on, Sam sat for a moment as she thought she saw that older man from the beach standing near the exit. His eye caught hers for just a second before he disappeared around the corner. Unsure that it meant anything, she went back to her fruit parfait and when the waiter came by to check on them she ordered a coffee. 

Leaning over the table a bit, she whispered to Liz, "I thought I just saw that guy again." 

"What guy, there's lots of guys around here." 

"That guy I saw at the beach bar this afternoon." 

Liz started to look around the restaurant. "Where is he?" 

"He's gone, but I just saw him near the exit." 

"Cool. Maybe you've got a secret admirer?" 

"Yeah, maybe." Sam let it drop but couldn't get the idea of the man out of her head. 

Since they'd had a busy few days as well as the transfer from the ship to the resort, Liz said she wanted an early evening. "I'm for a warm bath and couple glasses of wine," Liz said as they got up. 

"Oh, is that an invite?" Sam asked wriggling her eyebrows. 

Liz looked at her friend. Although Sam was very beautiful, and sexually adventurous, she'd never slept with another woman. "Really?" she asked. 

"Ha, ha. No, just teasing. See you. I'm going to see Alex." 

"Oh you minx! You just can't get enough of it can you." 

"We'll see." Sam said as she gave Liz a quick hug and kiss on the cheek. "Wish me luck." 

Sam looked off towards the beach and walked away. Liz wasn't as sexually experienced as Sam, but there had recently been a hint of attraction between them and they both made efforts to suppress it, most of the time. Once at a party, they'd watched two lesbian women making out in a corner and it was kind of hot, but when asked if they wanted to join, they both giggled furiously but begged off. Still, not really convinced that fooling around in the tub with Sam would be a totally bad thing, Liz started walking towards the lobby. 

"Yeah, good luck." Liz scoffed, waving lazily as Sam bounced away towards the beach. "Like you need it." 

* * * 

Sam made her way along the path and as she got near to the bar hut she saw Alex standing off to one side, smoking. 'Eeew, a smoker,' she thought as she approached. Alex looked really cute, dressed in his Hyatt Resort golf shirt, white shorts and tan sandals. As she got closer, her outlook immediately changed as the strong smell of marijuana blew in her direction. 

"Don't mind if I do." Sam exclaimed, reaching out to Alex as she approached. Totally un-phased, Alex held out the joint and Sam took it. He admired her gorgeous hair and flowing dress as she took a long drag then handing the joint back to him. 

"I wasn't sure if you'd mind? I just got some really good stuff and didn't want to wait. 

"No worries," Sam replied a sultry gin on her face. "I went to college." 

That was explanation enough for Alex and he offered Sam his arm and steered her down the beach. "I haven't eaten yet. Would you like go join me?" 

"Oh, sorry. My friend Liz and I just ate. But maybe I can just have a drink and we can talk." 

"I'd like that, come on." 

Sam started talking as they walked. Pot always made her a bit of a blabber mouth and she nattered on about her job, her friend Liz and the things they'd done on their trip so far, but she still had enough sense to leave out the part about Liz being a travel agent and them doing an evaluation. Alex brought them to a small staff parking lot and he inserted a key into a little scooter and sat down. Motioning Sam to sit behind him, he started the machine up and drove off and around the corner. The trip only took a few minutes then Alex was pulling into the driveway of a large house. 

"I've rented this family's pool house," he explained. "The dude is a doctor and he lets me stay for cheap and I do their pool and fix the odd thing around the house when he needs it." Alex led her down a cobbled path around the side of the large home. With a few solar lights around, they passed an amazing pool with a cascading waterfall in the corner then up to a small structure near the back of the property. 

"It's terrific!" Sam exclaimed, following Alex up to the door of the little cottage. 

"We can swim too if you're in the mood," Alex said, wriggling his eyebrows at Sam as he opened the door. Sam blushed as Alex held the door and she entered. Sam was surprised that the building was larger inside than it looked. About the size of a double garage, the room was open with a small kitchen occupying the front corner with four chairs and small fold down table nearby. Along the wall was a bookshelf and wedged into the back corner was a queen sized bed. On the other side closest to the door was a bathroom, with an adjoining change room with the curtain pushed aside located directly beside it. In the other back corner some hoses hung from the wall along with some other assorted tools and pool gear. 

"La casa de Alex" he announced, his arm swinging out to invite her in. 

"Cool. I like it. Kinda reminds me of my college days." 

"Yeah, me too." I lived in Madrid a couple of years, and to tell you the truth, I prefer this to some square condo apartment. 

Alex went over to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of white wine. Showing it to her, Sam nodded and he poured them each a glass. 

"Sit wherever you like." Alex offered as he came close and slipped her glass into her hand. Clinking there glasses together, Sam's heart started pounding as his gaze drilled right into her heart. 

Smiling knowingly and turning away, Alex started pulling things out of the fridge and cupboards as he began to preparing his meal. It took only a few minutes and he'd whipped up some pasta with poached chicken and white sauce. They sat and Alex ate sparingly and provided some details about his last couple years on since his research grant dried up. 

"Oh, you poor thing," Sam pouted. "That sucks big time." 

"Well, they've been cutting back all over. I was just bad timing, that's all." Alex finished his meal and put his dishes in the sink. Pulling out the remainder of the joint they'd had earlier, Alex re-lit it and passed it to Sam. 

"Don't mind if I do," she said, taking a drag. "That first hit was good, but I'm due for another." She took a deep puff and passed the remainder to Alex who was tuning in some soft jazz on the radio. 

"Yeah, good stuff," Alex agreed, sucking back a good hit. 

Dropping the remainder in an ashtray, Alex was suddenly accosted by Sam from behind. 

"You want to play?" She asked, nibbling on his ear as she reached around to rub his hairy chest. 

"For sure." Alex responded, covering her hands with his. He felt her gently tugging his chest hairs as she pressed herself against his back. Humming softly, Sam danced against Alex, very mellow now from the joint. She pressed her hips against his rear and Alex's groin reflected his arousal. 

"I'm definitely in the mood for some fun!" Alex said. 

Turning around, Alex tried to move in to kiss her, but Sam playfully pushed his hands away and pressed her finger against his lips. Raising her arms above her head, Sam skipped backwards into the center of the room, caught up in the sound of the music playing on the radio. Alex leaned against the counter admiring the gorgeous younger woman, dancing slowly around with a big smile on her face. Twirling, she reached back and pulled her top up over her head, tossing it onto a chair before she started to wiggle her hips out of her skirt. Slowly drawing it down her thighs like a stripper, Sam let the material drop to her ankles. With a giggle, she flicked the skirt in the same direction as her top then proceeded to dance around the room some more. 
