 Chapter 17: Happy Endings

It had started as a conga line, albeit one with men encouraged to grab the breasts of the women in front of them and women giving the men in front of them a reacharound, but that had broken up after Melissa had stopped suddenly and Tammi had automatically guided Dan's hard-on between the lusty librarian's shapely cheeks and into her already well-fucked asshole. Within seconds, Dan was sodomizing the delighted Melissa while his wife rimmed him and fingered her own anus. Gianna had slid under her to lick her clit while Jon fucked the tattooist's tits and Hal ate her out. Rita was masturbating Ethan and Farah while they worshipped her breasts; Cat and Mark were 69ing while Andrea tongue-fucked Cat's asshole; and Zoe, less exhibitionistic than most of the partygoers, had dragged Meihui and David into the relative privacy of the home theatre for a quiet threesome. 

Naomi was at the bar making a Black Velvet for Alexis when they heard the doorbell; both were naked, but Naomi had her hands full and Alexis decided to walk to the front door rather than interrupt the orgy in the next room. She looked through the peephole, then opened the door to admit Lorelei and six of her strippers. She kissed and fondled Lorelei and all four men as she hustled them inside and towards the living room. She heard a squeal of delight from Andrea, who hurried up to wrap her legs and arms around Franklin. Lorelei blinked, then said, "You two know each other?"

"We were in 'The Balcony' together," Franklin explained as Andrea bit his neck and fondled his crotch.

"I won't bother asking what you were doing there."

"It's a play. By Genet."

Rita emerged from the beanbag in the corner where she'd been taking a short break, and sashayed up to Tex. "Howdy, pardner," she drawled, in her incongruously British accent. "Are you going to introduce me to your friends?"

"The mad Maori there is Will, and the bishop is Vlad, also known as the Ten-Inch Pole," said the cowboy, to her and to everyone in the room whose ears weren't currently muffled by someone else's thighs. "Lorelei I'm sure many of you know - from her movies, if not in the flesh." 'Yet', he silently added. "These are two of her porn proteges, Tori Adore and Sarah Toga." By the time he'd finished speaking, Andrea had slithered down Franklin's body and pulled his hose down to mid-thigh so she could renew her acquaintance with his huge black cock. With a speed that even Rita had to admire, she used her mouth and boobs to bring it up to its full erect size, then led the stripper over to an armchair, manoeuvring his dick into her pre-lubed asshole as she sat on his lap.

Rita, not to be outdone, knelt in front of Vlad and lifted the hem of his cassock. "So that's what a bishopric looks like," she purred, then sucked as much of the long dick down her throat as she could while still keeping a firm hold of Tex's crotch. She looked up and beckoned to Will, and soon she had a hard cock in each hand and one in her mouth.

Lorelei smiled. "Well, we came to the right party," she said. "Where's the bar?"

***

Tammi watched enviously as Rita led the three men to one of the couches and pushed Will onto his back. She straddled him, easing her cunt onto his swollen cock, then looked up at Tex. "Buttfuck me," she demanded, before pulling Vlad's ten-incher back into her mouth. Tex was happy to oblige, and soon she was sandwiched between the strippers, her moans of joy muffled by the dick stuffed down her throat.

Sarah and Tori made their way carefully across the field of bodies to find a place to sit down. "Hi," Sarah said, peeling off her toga before climbing onto Bob's lap. "I've seen you at the club, haven't it?"

"Yes," the piercer replied, "but not as much of me as I've seen of you."

The stripper smiled. "Well, maybe we can remedy that."

Bob grinned, then looked over at Gianna, who had finished eating out Tammi and was idly playing with her clit and her tits as she watched Rita being DPed. She gave him a thumbs up, and Sarah glanced over her shoulder. "You can join us, if you'd like."

"No, I'm just catching my breath for a while," said Gianna, licking Tammi's pussy juice off her lips. "I'll just watch, if that's okay."

"No problem," she said, as Bob's cock rose to brush against her thigh. "I like an audience."

***

Lorelei sipped at the flirtini Naomi handed her, then glanced over her shoulder as Seth walked in, freshly showered and naked but for a bowler hat and one pair of false eyelashes. He did an appreciative double-take when he saw her costume, and Alexis chuckled. "Seth, meet Lorelei. You may recognize her from some of her films."

"I don't think I've had the pleasure," Seth replied.

The pornstar smiled. "You look like a man who appreciates asses," she said sweetly.

"Actually, I was just admiring your costume," he evaded. "Big Star Wars fan."

"Yes, I can see that," she said, watching his cock swell.

"Did you know that when Carrie Fisher wore that outfit, she found the back of it really uncomfortable?" Seth blundered on. "So she removed it. She says Jeremy Bulloch, the guy who played Boba Fett, could see all the way to Africa."

"You are such a geek," said Lorelei cheerfully. "You mean, like this?" She undid the buckle on her hip, letting the bikini bottom fall to the floor. Seth knelt behind her, and she stepped back so that her magnificent ass enveloped his face. She felt his tongue seek out her asshole and began licking it eagerly. Lorelei chuckled, and downed the rest of her flirtini. "Lovely party," she said. "Are you having fun?"

"Fuck, yeah," came the muffled reply from between her cheeks.

The question had been directed to Alexis, but Lorelei chuckled again. "What if I told you, you weren't going to fuck me?"

"I'd be disappointed, but not devastated," Seth replied, between licks and kisses. "You have such a gorgeous ass it's a pleasure and a privilege just to see it and taste it. You run a strip club, right? You must know that seeing something sexy may not be everything, but it isn't nothing. No-one fucks the Taj Mahal, but they'll still fly halfway across the world to see it. And touching it is even better."

"You have a sweet mouth and a silver tongue, and I like the way you think," said the porn star. "How does he fuck?"

Alexis shrugged. "I've not had the pleasure."

Lorelei blinked, then looked her up and down. "It's your party, too. Rita's already got three cocks in her, and I bet they're not her first for the night. I can see you're already dressed for the occasion - though I miss the bananas from last year - but have you been having any fun?"

"A little."

Lorelei snorted. "Too busy being a good hostess? Come on, girl. There's enough cocks in the next room for all of us - or are they all blown down already?"

Alexis and Naomi exchanged a glance. "That's not a problem," said Naomi. "She knows a way to get them all hard again."

"This I got to see," said Lorelei. "You coming with us, geek?"

***

Lorelei walked back into living room, removed her top and then clapped her hands. "If I can have your attention, please? I think we can all agree that Alexis has been a superb hostess, and I think it's time we showed our appreciation."

"But first," said Alexis, "I have a question. Who would like to fuck Naomi's tits?"

Even if her male clients hadn't been programmed with that as a trigger phrase, most of them, however old or exhausted, would have instantly become aroused at the suggestion. As it was, every cock in the room immediately swelled to maximum size. Several hands went up nearly as quickly, but Oliver was the first to speak. "Please," he said. "Then I could die happy."

"It will only be a little death," said Alexis.

"But a very large little death, I assure you."

Naomi smiled, lifted her right breast up to her chin so that she could lick the nipple, then walked over to where the doctor was seated and wrapped her enormous breasts around his face before feeding him one of her nipples, which he suckled as though starving. Lorelei grinned - then, knowing Alexis's preferences, reached around her and hefted one of her magnificent breasts, her thumb gently circling the dark brown nipple and coaxing it into a full erection, "And who wants to join me sucking these beauties?"

More hands shot up, most of them belonging to women. Andrea looked around the room, and noticed Terry's expression. Months ago, she'd given him a post-hypnotic suggestion that he could only come when expressly given permission by his wife. Rita had convinced him that if he fantasized that she was his wife, she could also allow him to come; earlier in the night, she had shown mercy by leading him into the laundry so that he could assfuck Pet for nearly an hour, then returned, rimmed him and sucked his swollen balls, and told him to fill the gibbering fuckdoll's butt with semen. Pet had gratefully licked him clean before sending him off to the shower, but Alexis rightly suspected that Rita had been too busy socializing since then to notice the erection that had been protruding from beneath his pirate shirt for more than an hour while gorgeous near-naked women had been cavorting around him. She nodded in his direction, and he scrambled across the room towards her. She pushed her nipple into his mouth as she grabbed his cock and fondled it with her right hand, while her left caressed Lorelei's shaved twat. She thrilled to the feeling of having both of her nipples lovingly sucked, a sensation that sent a stream of pleasure through to her heart and up to her head and down to her clit. She guided Terry's cock into her cunt while she finger-fucked Lorelei. The pornstar's knees buckled from the stimulation of Alexis's thumb on her clit and fingers on her G-spot and Seth's tongue circling her twitching asshole, and Seth carried her to one of the couches while Gianna took her place. Alexis wrapped her legs around Terry's back, and Tammi knelt behind her and kissed her beautiful bouncing butt, her tongue slowly working her way towards her asshole.

Alexis screamed out a short voodoo spell as she felt her orgasm drown out everything else, and when she opened her eyes, she saw Oliver come between Naomi's tits while Melissa licked her clit. Imogen was kneeling between Lorelei's thighs feasting on pornstar pussy. Rita still had big cocks in her mouth, ass and cunt, while Andrea, refusing to be outdone, was sucking Seth's cock while Franklin fucked her ass and Melissa sucked her tits and rubbed her nipple around her clit. Bob was fucking Sarah while Tammi rimmed her. Tori was sitting on Cat's face and sucking Hal's and Yuri's dicks. Alexis grinned, and asked Terry, "Would you like to fuck my ass?"

"Oh fuck yeah!"

"Sit on that chair." Gianna slipped away, whispered in Jon's ear, then wrapped her boobs around his cock. Alexis guided Terry's dick into her ass, coming again as soon as she felt the head pop through her sphincter, then slowly grinding down until as much of the length as possible was jammed up her butt. She rode him slowly, and felt more mouths worshipping her beautiful breasts and cunt and her hands being guided into crotches. Soon, she was licking the come from Naomi's enormous boobs while Oliver and Karima sucked her tits and Sarah, still being fucked from behind by Bob, licked her dripping minge. She soon lost track of who was sucking her and who she was sucking; sometimes there was an actual queue, and sometimes the person pleasuring her was rimmed or even fucked by the person behind them, too impatient to wait for their chance to show their gratitude to their hostess or worship at this magnificent human altar of Erzulie, the polyamorous voodoo loa of love and sexuality.

After what might have been minutes or hours, she heard Rita murmur, "You can come now, dear." She'd come so often from the mouths and hands and the cock in her ass that she laughed out loud before realizing that she was talking to Terry, and an instant later felt him ejaculate explosively inside her. Sated at last, she blacked out.

***

The guests began picking up the pieces of their discarded costumes just before sunrise, as DeMonique was hustling the Senator to her car. Farah and Ethan were next to go, kissing Rita's and Alexis's boobs and asses goodbye before walking out the door, her hand on his cock, his on her butt. Karima followed Imogen home, enticed by the offer of an all-day breakfast. Alexis, Rita and Andrea lay sprawled on their couches, basking in afterglow as they watched others drifted off in twos and threes; no-one left alone, or without exchanging phone numbers without at least one of their new lovers.

Robyn, who'd sucked the come out of half a dozen women's asses after being released from the pillory, was brushing her teeth in the bathroom when Seth knocked on the door. "Can I come in?"

"Yes, but -" She stepped away from the handbasin and opened the door. He walked in, and they looked at each other awkwardly for a moment. He opened his mouth, wondering whether to say that he was sorry he hadn't actually found the time to buttfuck her as he'd intended, but thought better of it and murmured, "Would you like to go out sometime? Coffee or a movie or -"

She raised a freshly-scrubbed eyebrow and smiled crookedly at the 'or'. "Yeah, I think so. Just as long as you understand that I..."

"I understand," he said, though he wasn't entirely sure that he did. "How about Friday?"

She shook her head. "I'm babysitting for Gianna and Bob."

Seth, who was fairly sure the couple were childless, nodded. "Saturday?"

"I can probably do Saturday, but isn't that your Dungeons and Dragons night?"

"Not this week. Andrea's in another play. She said something about an undress rehearsal."

Robyn smiled. "Okay, then. Coffee sounds good."

"Great. You know," he added, as they walked out of the bathroom, "I think this may be the beginning of a fuckload of beautiful friendships."