 Liz sat in the crowded lounge, waiting. The flight from Detroit was dull and the transfer uneventful, but now, in a better position to observe the variety of travellers, the prospects were more encouraging. Twirling her finger around the ends of her long raven hair as she casually sipped her coffee, Liz leafed through a travel magazine and occasionally looked around the room. Raising her eyebrows with interest, she nudged her companion and nodded towards the two young men who were sitting several rows over. 

At first glance she thought the young men were just chatting to themselves, but upon further observation it appeared they were in fact talking together about her and Sam.

"Could be interesting," whispered Sam, trying hard to focus on her magazine but failing miserably. 

"Hmmm,"Liz agreed, grinning mischievously as she craned her head around, making it look like she was looking for something. Tucking her hair behind her ear she returned to the magazine, peeking over the edge to check out the two guys. The men were thirtyish and very good looking. Liz caught the blonde guy's attention with her startling green eyes as she lifted her leg up to cross it over the other. Slowly and suggestively, she slid her hands down her hips and along her thighs to 'straighten out' the imagined creases in her knee length skirt. 

Peeking up, Liz saw that the man's attention was instantly fixed on her. "Well, let's give him a bit of a show," Liz whispered to Sam. 

Stifling an excited giggle, Sam replied. "Yeah, I want to see what he does."

Spying an imaginary something on her sandal, Liz slowly leaned forward and reached down. Her loose-fitting top gaped, exposing the tops of her luscious breasts. As she worked off an annoying bit of soot with her thumb she looked over, noticing both the young men were straining to see her. The blonde guy actually moved forward on the edge of his seat with his mouth open, transfixed at the sight of her. Giggling furiously as she sat back again and flashed him a quick smile just as the announcement, 'Now Boarding,' came from the loudspeaker. Relieved that the wait was over, Liz and Sam both stood, gathered their things, and queued up with the other travellers at the gate, keen to start their Caribbean cruise. 

Liz was pretty used to airport and cruise line procedures having spent the past four years doing evaluations on behalf of her travel agency. In addition to her job of selling vacations, agents were encouraged to travel to exotic resorts and take cruises so they could provide a first-hand recommendation to their clients. This was one of the cool perks she eagerly took advantage of as often as she could. Up until now she had been regularly travelling with either Mya, or David, which was one of the down sides of travelling as a representative of the agency. Either of them were great companions and she'd enjoyed their 'acting' when they arrived at their destination because it usually threw off the resort staff as to their true intentions. 

Sam bounced on her toes with excitement as they handed over their passes and proceeded out to the ship. Liz had promised Sam some time ago that she would bring her on one of her 'evaluation' trips when the opportunity arose. Luckily, this time she was able to make good on that promise. Sam worked as a marketing associate and was very familiar with travel advertising, which made it much easier to convince her boss that Sam could fill in this trip. Since Mya had caught the flu, and David was on his scheduled vacation, Liz easily convinced her boss that Sam could fill in, providing a new perspective on each of the three assessments. . 

This trip was also going to be really special. Liz arranged for the first three days on the Royal Princess Cruise ship, then next a week at the Aruba Hyatt Regency Resort and Casino. After a relaxing week on the beach, they'd pick up the Royal Princess again on its next circuit and spend the remaining time relaxing aboard ship before returning to Miami. Since the trip was already paid for and heavily discounted by both the cruise line and the resort, he readily agreed

"This is going to be soooo amazing!" Sam tittered. "Thanks again Liz!" She nudged Liz and pointed out the two hunks they'd seen earlier several spots ahead of them in line.

"No problem." Liz replied with a wink. Nodding ahead of them and nudging Sam's shoulder as they walked Liz said optimistically, "I just hope things work out, including getting to know those two!"

"Me too." Sam agreed readily, looking up to Liz. "Seeing some opportunities for 'company' this trip?" Sam asked inquisitively. 

"Definitely," Liz nodded again. 'I'm hoping to get a bit more out of this trip than just a report."

Liz was definitely thinking about some companionship this trip. Her initial trips with Mya and David were pretty fun but pretty much 'all business', that was until she learned the ropes. Mya was a petite and very sexy Eurasian woman. Attractive and sophisticated, she was however also totally devoted to her boyfriend so she spent most of the listening about how wonderful he was, especially in the bedroom, and how they were going to make a wonderful life together. At 22, Mya was in love and already planning out her life, so any kind of 'extracurricular activity' while on a trip for the agency was definitely out of the question. 

Mya was a bit of a funny one though as Liz found out when she had walked in unexpectedly on her a few times. She seemed to love her dildo quite a bit and wasn't overly self-conscious when Liz came back to the room and found Mya going to town on herself with it when she thought Liz would be out for a while. They laughed and talked about their favorite toys on a couple occasions, but Liz was not especially curious about exploring a scenario with her or any another women for that matter. On occasion she did think it might be something she'd like to try, just to see what it was like, but mostly she just put it aside. Maybe, someday she thought she would experiment at bit, but it had never happened yet.

David on the other hand was a total blow out as well. Liz was initially very excited the first couple of times they'd gone away together because David was such a hunk. At 6' 1" he was a couple inched taller than her, and a very GQ type with short cut light brown hair and always dressed smartly. She thought he could have been a model on the side or something, but kept his life away from work very private. Liz suspected that he might have been in a serious relationship and was trying to keep it a secret so he'd be able to explore other prospects, but nobody at the office could confirm it. It wasn't until their fourth evaluation trip about two years ago that she'd made the discovery. 

Their usual travelling MO was to be as a 'friend-couple', travelling together but with adjoining rooms. Playing those roles worked very well to disguise what they were doing most of the time at the resorts they were reviewing. When they had 'time off', David usually went off to cruise around on his own and Liz found this a bit odd since they meshed so well together. 

As a matter of standard practice, travel agent evaluations were done during the day with only a few 'mental notes' during their free time or in the evenings to add to their reports. Liz had often finished key components early and then cruised for guys when she travelled with Mya. Occasionally she scored for a fling that only lasted a couple of evenings, but that was perfect for her. With David however, he kept work and play very separate while on their trips and never responded to her attempts at a pass. Then, on that fateful trip a couple years back, she heard him 'entertaining' in his room when she came back late. Curious, she listened in at the adjoining door and when she heard the voice of another man, then it all made sense. David just shrugged when she approached him about it later. 'Figured someone was bound to find out sometime, might as well have been you,' he told her. Initially a bit disappointed, Liz told him it was none of her business. 

Once they'd talked about it, they were both relieved that it was out in the open. Surprisingly, after that they were able to talk quite openly about their relationships while on their trips and she often hugged him and rubbed herself against him in public at dinner or the pool to make their 'relationship' appear more normal as they acted out their roles. Liz also made sure that she knocked and waited for him to invite her into his room when they were going to meet up to prepare their report, just in case he was entertaining again. 

With David being gay it actually made it much easier for her to prowl for some hot stud to satisfy her itches when they travelled together. On their last trip, David had even gone as far as pointing her towards a couple likely studs, which was even more funny when she told him what they were like in bed afterwards. He rarely got embarrassed and now they were good friends. Since then they actually had a much better time acting their roles, and doing their own thing in their spare time.

"Fuck, I really need to get laid," Sam said, bringing Liz back to the present.

"Yeah, right." Liz snickered as walked way up the gangway. "You've got to be the horniest person I know Sam."

"Only slightly more so than you, my dear." Sam replied merrily as they were directed towards their lodging by one of the stewards.

Sam was right. Liz had a strong sex drive and no lack of invites out, but Sam was the one who seemed to be bringing home some new stud every other month. Sam was extremely cute. At five foot three, she was over half a foot shorter than Liz, with a sexy curvy figure, long dirty blonde hair and a beautiful oval face with hazel eyes. The only thing she complained about was her very small breasts, but she regularly boasted that their sensitivity was more than compensation and she could make herself cum by only tweaking her nipples. Liz always laughed at the boast and Sam did qualify her statement by saying that although she could get herself off that way, she would much rather have something big and thick, that filled her up inside instead.

"Well, if we play our cards right, we might just get lucky." Liz said as the elevator opened at their floor and they made their way down the hall. "I just waved bye to those two guys before we got on the elevator, so...."

"Seriously Liz, you are such a guy magnet. Those guys will be hunting for us in no time."

"I hope so!" Liz agreed whole heartedly. "I'm in a slump and really need some attention soon or I'm gonna scream." Stifling a laugh, Liz swiped her card and they went inside to check out their accommodations for the next few days.

* * *

After checking out their balcony stateroom, the girls changed and made their way up to the pool area. The ship was leaving shortly and the two wanted to relax before getting into any 'business'. The previous night Liz had outlined how they were going to do their evaluation. Liz would obviously lead, providing all the key assessment material and Sam would provide additional input which they would both massage and integrate. Taking a couple of loungers in the shade, Liz took her tablet out and began explaining how her new software worked.

"A while back, we'd carry around a laptop and type our observations and assessments in as we went along. Most times it was a dead give-away to staff that we were doing and they'd quickly be all sweet and helpful. Really skewed the reports. Now that I've got this new Sony convertible laptop, it looks like I'm reading a book or something. I left the keyboard back in our room and it's much more discrete."

"Wow, that's really cool." Sam perked up. "Do I get one?"

"Sorry, only got mine."

Sam faked a frown. "Pooh. OK... How can I help then?"

Liz leaned over and angled the device towards Sam to show her the program when she spotted a couple familiar faces. Giving Sam a soft tap on the arm and nodding over towards the pool, they both sat up in their loungers as the two young men they'd seen in the lounge that morning approached.

Walking boldly up to them, the taller haired man stopped at the foot of their chairs with his buddy moving in beside him. He was just over six feet tall, very fit with the look of a beach dude. His shoulder length sandy blonde hair was brushed to the side and slightly in his eyes. It needed cutting but wasn't totally awful. His wrinkled knee length shorts were definitely beach wear, and his short sleeved shirt was unbuttoned in an obvious attempt to show off his taunt stomach. Liz admired his washboard abs and slight chest hair that started just above his sternum and traced a thin line down to the top edge of his shorts. 

Liz looked into his eyes and he flashed a fabulous white smile as he looked the girls over. His friend was a bit shorter, around Liz's height of five foot nine, with curly black hair and a bit more muscular. His arms and chest strained against his funky tie-dyed T-shirt and his chiseled leg muscles supported her assumption that he probably did a bit of body building.

"Bonjour." The blonde guy said pleasantly.

Liz's face lit up. "Hi." She smiled radiantly. "Didn't I see you two in the lounge before we departed?"

"Uh, mais oui! Oh, I'm apologies." The moderately thick French accent was apparent. "Yes, I see you before we go on the ship. We are from Montréal." He pointed to himself then his friend. "My name is Gilles and my friend is Pierre." Pierre moved in to offer his hand to Sam. 

"Hi Pierre," Sam said taking the proffered hand and shaking firmly. "My name is Samantha and this is my friend Liz."

"Bonjour. Parlez-vous Francais?" Pierre asked looking between the two, obviously delighted to meet the young women.

Sam spoke up quickly before Liz could say anything else. "Yes, I know some French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?" Sam giggled, obviously pleased that she'd gotten out the phrase without mangling it too badly. "Sorry, that's about all I know. I heard it once, in a movie I think. I don't know what it means but I thought it was a cool saying."

Pierre raised his eyebrows, somewhat surprised at her phrase, but brought her hand to his lips and lightly kissed it.

"Peut-être." He replied seductively.

"Uh," Gilles responded after a brief pause, reaching forward to invite Liz to take his hand, "It means that... Uh, you would like to have dinner with us this evening?"

"Oh, that sounds like a great idea," Liz replied enthusiastically. She knew that Sam understood exactly what the phrase meant, since she taught it to her a couple years back when they'd skiing at Mont Tremblant. Checking out Gilles as he followed his buddy's attempt to be suave, Liz took his offered hand. She could tell right away from his touch that he was very strong, but managed to be very gentle. By the look of Gilles and his friend's shirt, board shorts and shoes Liz could tell that although they were well used, they were all from expensive stores. In addition, the way he spoke and carried himself, she deduced that although they were obviously on vacation, these two guys were definitely more than they appeared. 

Gilles and Pierre seemed to actually have some manners, something which Liz found decidedly lacking in many of her encounters with people lately. 'Mmmm,' Liz hummed as he pressed his lips to her hand. "How about we meet you at the Sabatini's?"

"Oui! Autour de sept heures et demi ce soir? Pierre replied, releasing Sam's hand and stepping back, looking expectantly at the girls. "Um, seven thirty is ok." Pierre hurriedly added in English.

"Yes, around seven thirty tonight? We meet you then?" Gilles responded, translating Pierre's suggestion.

"Sounds great." Sam nodded, soliciting a similar nod from Liz. "We'll make a reservation and see you there."

"Tres bien. Until later then." Gilles said as they turned and left with a wave.

"Our revoir." Sam added, bouncy slightly on the edge of her seat as they left. Once the men had departed, Sam squeeled with excitement and then grabbed Liz's arm. "Holy shit, can you believe that!" Sam was impressed. "We've only been on board a couple of hours and already have hot dates for tonight."

"Hummm, must be something in the ocean air that does it."

"Yeah right." Sam said with a laugh. "Or maybe showing him your tits when we were waiting in the lounge this morning is more like it." Sam retorted, breaking into a huge smile as she lay back on her lounger and retrieved her drink.

"Maybe...." Liz joined her in laughter as she reclined, picking up her tablet again. "It would be great if we could score with these guys before we have to leave at Aruba. God I'm so fucking horny."

"Yeah, and from the look of it I don't think that's going to be too much of a problem, do you?"

"Nope. No problem at all." Liz agreed, hoisting her drink to Sam as they burst out in laughter again. The ship's horn sounded and the huge vessel began to pull away from its berth, heading south towards their first stop on their journey around the beautiful Caribbean.

* * *

Pierre and Gilles stood in the alcove at the entrance to Sabatini's, Pierre looking nervously at his watch as it neared seven thirty. 

"Hey, relax bud," Gilles told him from his spot close to the mall entrance, "they're here." A stupid smile formed on Pierre's face as he spotted the girls come around the corner. Sam was gorgeous. She was wearing a light green sleeveless top and matching skirt that billowed slightly as she approached. Her hair, which had hung down loosely past her shoulders when they met at the pool, was now tied in a single ponytail with a bright pink bow. She'd also applied a hint of make-up to her eyelashes, brow and cheeks that highlighted her beautiful features and suited her well. Pierre always hated when women overdid their make-up to make an impression since he preferred a more natural look. Sam was certainly that and he felt his heart beat faster and his groin stir at the sight.

Gilles was struck speechless at the sight of the beautiful women and his gaze was immediately drawn to Liz as she strode up to him smiling brilliantly. She was a few inches shorter and sported a stunning one piece light blue dress with some white patches that looked like it was a piece of the sky. Cinched at the waist and hanging to just past her knees, the dress clung to her curves, fitting snugly and showing off her ample breasts to good effect. This gave her a sophisticated look without being formal. 

Gilles looked longingly at Liz's shapely but slim body, trim waist and sexy hips. Her long dark hair tied into a single ponytail same as Sam's and her long, toned legs begged to be caressed. He imagined kneeling in front of her with his hands gliding up those legs and under her dress to find the hidden treasures beneath. Shrugging himself out of his revelry he finally spoke up. "Hi again," he said as Liz walked up. She grinned and reached out, delicately tracing her newly polished fingertips along his forearm before clasping his hand in hers.

"Hi Gilles. You look nice," Liz complimented as she casually patted the top of his hand. Looking to Pierre, she was even more impressed with the two of them as they had actually dressed up a bit for dinner. The pair wore neatly pressed button down short sleeve shirts that had different palm tree and beach motifs, as well as dark linen pants and deck shoes. 

"Wow!" Gilles replied, finally catching his breath. "Vous êtes très jolie. Oh, I'm sorry, my French. You look very beautiful Liz," Gilles stammered before wriggling his eyebrows at her. Being the gentleman, since Pierre was having difficulty saying anything, Gilles spoke to Sam as she stood before his friend. "You look very nice as well Sam."

"Oh, oui, yes Sam. You are very beautiful." Pierre finally stammered before offering her his arm. "Shall we go in?" 
