 Dear Reader – You must read "The Experiment – Part 1 and 2" – to know the unfolding situation, and what has happened up to where this part picks up.

We hatched a fun plan for the weekend before John came back from the west coast. Trish had the idea that we should all head up to northern Maine for the weekend and shack up as she called it. An evening telephone call to John on Thursday verified that he was free all weekend.

John got back from LA on the red eye Friday morning. Trish had left a key for him so he could get into the house and catch up on his sleep. Loren, Trish and I left work around noon, although I was missing the newly minted wine-after-work tradition hosted by Jim as well as leaving a huge pile of undone things. Louise pushed me out the door about 12:30 and told me to go have a great weekend. Why did she always give me a knowing wink?

Loren got to the house first and found John asleep on the couch in the family room. He wanted to play, but Loren told him he had to wait until after we arrived at the cabin. Trish pulled in a few minutes later, and I was fifteen minutes behind her. We tossed all our stuff into the SUV and drove the four hours up into the western Maine mountains. We stopped for dinner and souvenir shopping along the way, so it was dark when we checked in and rented the cabin.

The log cabin was down a long winding driveway with a number of other cabins also nearby. I think we were the only people there that weekend. The cabin had one large central room with an open wood-beamed ceiling. A moose head hung from one wall as well as a number of stuffed fish from the lake the cabin faced. There were a couple of tables and several over stuffed sofas centered on a large stone fireplace. A bookshelf held an older selection of books and National Geographic magazines, as well as a dozen or so board games. Off to one side were a couple of bedrooms that shared a bathroom, and on the other side of the camp was a kitchen. There was a sleeping loft up stairs with a balcony looking down into the living room. The area around the cabin was heavily wooded except for the view of the lake. 

The temperature was considerably colder than the suburbs. We each brought in a large supply of firewood from the common pile. I can remember there was a full moon the night we arrived. We all walked down to the edge of the lake and looked with awe at the beauty of the moon reflecting across the lake. Further, there were so few lights in the area that the stars were brilliant – even with the bright moon; we could clearly see the Milky Way and all the major constellations right down to the horizon.

After we got back to the cabin, our fire had warmed the inside nicely. We pulled one of the double mattresses out the loft and put it on the floor in front of the fireplace. We loaded up on blankets and pillows and then we all shed our clothing and got onto our loving bed. We paired up: John with Trish and me with Loren. John was revved up from his trip and a week with only self-induced orgasms (as he told us on the drive up), so he quickly started to pet and stroke. 

Trish was sympathetic to his plight and so humored his rush to cum. At one point she sat astride him in the reverse woman-on-top position facing Loren and me. We'd been petting and alternately sucking each other's vital parts as we watched the two of them in action. It was the best porn in town. Given the size of the town, it was most likely the only porn in town.

We could clearly see Trish rising and falling atop John's cock. She would rise until John was almost ready to fall out of her cunt and even the mushroom head was partially visible, then she would pause for a few seconds, and then she'd plunge downward, spearing herself with his entire length until he was as deep as possible inside her body. She'd pause again, milking his cock with her internal muscles, and then repeat the process. She was making little moaning and groaning sounds that changed depending on where in the cycle she was. John was panting and affirming that she was the best piece of ass he'd ever had.

John didn't last long with that kind of attention. His vocalizations became louder and louder, and finally he announced to all that he was cuming. His back arched and he thrust upward into Trish's down stroke. The two of them came together – their arched bodies lit by only the glow from the fire in the reflected reds and oranges that amplified the visual impact of the hot body coupling.

Loren moved over beside them and held Trish in position atop John's cock. She then leaned down to where their bodies were joined together and proceeded to tongue the union, first licking John's sack up to where his penis penetrated Trish, and then going further along Trish's cunt – sucking in the juices the two of them had produced with special attention to Trish's clitoris. Trish and John's eyes got very big as they felt her ministrations. 

I moved up behind Loren and rubbed her backside with one hand. She wiggled her bottom at me in an inviting fashion and I accepted the invitation. I worked by dick into Loren's pussy and started to pump – holding onto her hips for leverage and deeper penetration. I could reach down and fondle Loren's pendulous breasts and reach across and also fondle Trish's breasts and body. I did both.

Loren did not stop her oral attention to John and Trish, nor did the two of them decouple. By now they were watching Loren and me start on our journey. I had not used this position too often and now, in the dim light from the fire, realized the exposure of Loren's anal opening. I spit on my fingers and then gently, as I continued pumping into her cunt, inserted two fingers into her ass. 

Loren's back arched in simultaneous surprise and orgasm. She wailed a long, "Oooooooooh." I continued to thrust with both my cock and fingers into each hole. She was wreathing beneath me, her ass elevated to allow me access to her holes and her head now only inches from where John's penis continued to reside in Trish's vagina. I burned the sight picture of that event into my head so I'd never forget it.

I realized I was cuming and signaled to Loren. She thrust back into me harder and harder, so that I would drive deeper into her body. Seconds later I exploded and heard her again start her wail and "oooooh-ing". When I was through ejaculating into her pussy, I pulled out. Loren remained in her ass high position for another thirty seconds; I watched with fascination as a trickle of my cum started to drip out of her pussy and run down her lips. I dipped two fingers into the cream pie I had just made in her cunt. She looked back and smiled.

Finally, we all collapsed onto the mattress, each of us holding our "date". Trish and I touched one another across the intervening bodies to clearly signal our continued love. We all rubbed and touched in the after-glow of good sex, the warmth from the fire, and I fell asleep.

I guess I wasn't alone in taking a nap. Three other sleeping lovers were crowded onto the mattress in front of the fireplace. I guess I'd been asleep for an hour or so when I awoke. I was slightly cold. The fire had died down. I rose and put a couple of more logs on the fire, but in the process I inadvertently woke the others. 

Everyone was beat from traveling or over work for the week, so we all headed off to bed – John with Trish and me with Loren. None of us bothered to dress. Of course in a few minutes the bed springs from the two sleeping rooms started to squeak in that rhythmic tempo of aggressive fucking. We'd all left the doors open to capture some of the heat – and to share the sounds we knew we'd make. Occasionally, Loren and I could hear panting or moaning from the other bed. We fell asleep exhausted and fucked out.

The next morning I awoke at the crack of dawn full of nervous energy and having an anxiety attack I guess. I threw on some clothes and went out in the living room. I rebuilt the fire to take the morning chill off the cabin, put on a jacket and then went outside to take a walk. There was ice in the puddles on the ground. I had a lot to think about.

My mind was exploding with what was happening in my life and I was having trouble dealing with it. I loved the sex – finally in my life I think I was getting enough! I was still grappling with Trish fucking John so readily and so frequently and reflecting on what that meant to me and to our marriage.

On the other hand, I loved the growing relationship with Loren and sexually I would be hard put to find someone other than Trish that was so exciting. Did foursomes last? Did threesomes last? Was there anyone I could talk to about this situation with? No, no one would believe it anyway. If I told Dave, my best friend, he'd be blown away but not be a source of advice. Plus, he was pretty conservative and I'd probably lose him as a friend. Did I really want advice or did I want an audience? 

My brain was going a thousand miles an hour again, churning these questions and their implications over and over again.

I probably walked about three miles as the sun finally found the sky over the mountains. I found one trail after another, but staying close to the shore of the lake we were on. When I got back near the cabin, I sat on a rock overlooking the lake. It was all too beautiful. I cried. I cried not only because of the tension, churning and stress from the new sexual relationships we'd forged over the past couple of weeks, but also because of the stress from the new job. I discounted the latter, but in hindsight, it was a major factor in my temporary breakdown.

Loren found me. She didn't say anything. She just came up behind me and hugged me. I couldn't stop crying. Here I was on this weekend trip, one purpose being to flaunt my maleness yet here I was with a crying jag on and highly vulnerable. I finally got my act together. We still hadn't said anything, other than her saying words of comfort as she hugged me and put my head on her shoulder and cradled me.

After I'd been quiet for a while, she asked if I wanted to talk about it. At first I shook my head no, but then I started to toss out the worries and questions that were vexing me that morning, including my concern for her and her life. After I'd finished describing all the things that I was churning about, she kissed me very tenderly and then moved to hold my hands and look directly at me.

"First off," she said, "I come into this foursome knowing what I am getting myself into. You don't need to worry about me. Someday I'll move on, but right now I need this and I need you. I don't want you to think about the future – just think 'today' – live in the now." She tenderly kissed me. "You have nicely filled a very empty space for me – far better than I could have imagined when John suggested I come with him a few weeks ago to meet you guys. Yes, I'm in love with you and I also love Trish and John. And," she emphasized, "I have no plans for the future other than making you happy and keeping all of us together – happily!" 

She went on, "You are two weeks into a new job that is very demanding and stressful. I can't imagine the stress you are under. You, Mr. Macho, are trying to minimize the impact that is having on you. Don't. Stress is bad and you need an outlet. Part of why you're feeling low is due to the stress."

Lastly, she said, "I've known John for years. He doesn't have a malevolent bone in his body. What you see is what you get. He has pledged to keep you and Trish together, but to be a part of your lives. He means it. I'm there too – I don't want to do anything to pull you two apart and I'd flee if I thought this was anything other than a loving group relationship. John doesn't want to supplant you as her spouse; he doesn't want you guys to separate and neither do I. He really does love both of you – and you as a couple. If he thought, or even sensed, that he was a divisive force in your relationship, he'd leave – and so would I."

I felt better and nodded as Loren unfolded these points to me. She have a level of objectivity that I'd clearly lost since all of this popped up. We talked some more.

Loren then took my hand and pulled it to her breasts inside her jacket. She had no bra on so I could feel the generous firmness of her through the cotton material of her top. Even though we were having this serious discussion, I couldn't resist the temptation to start massaging until the nipples were erect. Further, my hands were cold – I could tell by the warmth of her as we sat there. We both smiled at each other and kissed some more. 

I felt immeasurably better having shared my worries. My burden was lighter already. Further, I knew now that Loren was the person I could come and talk to about what was going on and after this she'd be my impartial friend. She was a supporter. She wouldn't judge – even though she was in the relationship too. I guess I wasn't sure I'd get an impartial view from Trish.

Loren pulled me up and we started walking back to the cabin arm in arm. 

We crept into the cabin that was now nice and warm from the fire I'd built over an hour before. We thought Trish and John were still asleep but then we heard a slow rhythmic squeaking from that bed and knew they were having a morning fuck. 

Loren pulled me into our alcove and pulled the clothes from both our bodies. Soon we too were having intercourse, both of us with tears in our eyes and expressions of deep love on our faces. We both whispered words of adoration and affection to one another as we built towards our morning orgasm. We'd had other more dramatic climaxes in our short relationship, but this seemed unusual in its tenderness and love. We did both come together and collapse again into each other's arms, lying on our sides and stroking each other.

Eventually we heard Trish and John in the kitchen, so we both got up, took turns in the bathroom and dressed in warm clothes. Then we joined the group and started our breakfast routine with some of the groceries we'd brought with us.

The cabin and camp were wonderful. We went hiking. I showed everyone the trails I'd found around the lake. In the afternoon, we hiked up Bald Mountain where the vista was spectacular. We made it back down just before dark. 

We went back to the cabin and had wine and cheese on the deck as we watched the rising moon reflecting on the lake. We all sat outside with our winter wear on, laughing and enjoying each other's company.

I reflected that I had felt so blue that morning and now here I was laughing and thoroughly enjoying the whole scene – the foursome, sex, friends, love, intimacy ... Everything now felt right. I thought of the Robert Browning quote I'd learned in school; "God's in his heaven, all's right with the world." I truly felt wonderful.

We had dinner at one of the few open restaurants in the nearby town. Our festive spirits continued and even spread to others in the establishment. 

When we returned to the cabin, John carried firewood in while I again build a roaring fire in the main room. We coupled up and then started necking and petting on the couch. Soon we all slid off the couch onto the mattress on the floor in front of the fireplace. Each of us lost most of our clothes in the process. 

I discovered that Loren was not wearing any underwear at all. She gave me an impish grin as I started to fondle her breasts and then reached to unzip her blue jeans and found nothing underneath but skin. 

"I didn't want to slow you down," she said. I pulled the pants off and then quickly stripped my own clothing off. 

John and Trish were right beside us in their own world. John was sucking on Trish's naked breasts. She had her head back with her eyes closed enjoying the stimulation. The fireplace cast a warm orangey glow over all of us. Breasts and other interesting crevices all looked much more intriguing and inviting in the resulting shadows as our bodies twisted and turned into one another.

Trish turned to me and embraced me too, whispering her love and affection for me in my ear as she nibbled on my lobe and ran her tongue around inside it. I stroked and caressed her breasts with one hand and worked to undo her jeans with the other. Soon I had stripped her too. John and Loren were standing on their knees French kissing behind us.

Trish reached down and stroked my hardening cock. In seconds it was standing straight out from me. She dropped to her knees and engulfed my rod, a little at a time until she had brought all of it into her mouth and throat. She worked me until I was worried I'd waste a load down her throat.

She announced, "I want two cocks in me." Then to Loren, "Can I borrow both of these guys for a few minutes?" Loren smiled and pushed John in our direction. Trish then pushed me onto my back and unceremoniously mounted me – her erect breasts stroking my chest as she purposefully tried to keep my arousal high.

John came up behind her. Trish produced a tube of KY jelly from a bag on the side table and passed it back to John. I could feel him lubricating her anal opening, and then seconds later, through Trish, I could feel it as he started his slow and halting penetration of her ass. She winced a bit as he went in, then appeared to relax. 

I could feel the greatly increased pressure inside her as his cock worked its way into her chamber. She was now being double fucked, our cocks slowly making small thrusts with only the peritoneum separating our pleasure tools. Trish was arched back over me in a paroxysm of double pleasure. Almost every stroke John or I made triggered a small orgasm. Loren came over and she and I stroked and sucked on Trish's breasts. John could reach across and stroke Loren as he gradually increased the length of his thrusts into Trish's ass.

We both reached what appeared to be a pleasing rhythm to her. She wasn't talking but rather was emitting shrill sounds of pleasure and moans as our cocks triggered off round after round of mini-orgasms. John and I talked about our progress towards our own goals across her shoulder. Loren reached down in the tight space between the two of us and was using a finger on Trish's clit. Trish was in heaven.

After a few moments of this stimulation, Trish started to have larger orgasms – and then the really giant of them all started to build. She did announce its imminent arrival in a panting voice. "Oh god, oh god, oh god – I'm going to explode. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum." She was now covered in sweat and glistening in the orange light from the fire. 

As her breath grew shorter and noisier, my own orgasm started its arrival. I started to pant and told John I was close. He said he was too. Loren moved up to John and started to lick and suck on his nibbles, all the while humping the hand he wasn't supporting himself with at her pussy. 

Trish's back then arched even further and she screamed. In two mighty thrusts she dropped and glued her pussy to my cock for maximum penetration. I could feel the muscles in her cunt electrically rippling back and forth. Almost immediately, John made three or four majestic thrusts into her ass as he exploded - his panting and sharp intake of breath announcing his climax. Loren actually moaned as John extracted his finger from her. John fell atop Trish and me; Loren wrapped around the three of us which was very nice since her breasts were within reach of my mouth.

I don't think any of us moved for several minutes. We all just savored our heavens and the rapture engendered by each other's bodies. We were all in touch on so many levels – mind, body and spirit were all one in those rare moments.

Gradually, we unraveled from one another. We all kissed and hugged and then cuddled closely with our lovers while we rested. I gravitated to Loren – my confidant and lover for the day. I asked if she wanted equal treatment – with a grin. She broke our whispered silence with a laugh, and said "Not tonight. But in the not too distant future, yes, I want to experience that." She emphasized the last 'that'. 
