 Dear Reader – You must read "The Experiment – Part 1" – to know the unfolding situation, and what has happened up to where this part picks up.

I woke with my motor going a thousand miles an hour. I had lots to do to get into my new job. I was out of the house before any one else was up and at work when the place was practically empty. I found a dolly and moved the boxes up to my new office. I'd just finished when Jim arrived – he was also an early riser and for just this once I'd beaten him in. Of course, I had all this other new-found energy surging through my system too, but I didn't explain that to him.

He called me in immediately and was halfway through loading up my plate when Louise joined us. The two of us left his office ten minutes later with a week's work to do in a day. She allowed as how this was always the case.

I started on a couple of pieces of delicate correspondence from the company to some important customers and other stakeholders in our business. After that I started preparing a statement of work for an international technology conference Jim wanted to host in town. Louise routed me to some conference coordinators. I then met some of the other staff – people I'd know about but had not had the time to meet and talk with personally. All rolled their eyes at what a taskmaster Jim was – a man not easily pleased.

Somewhere in the middle of the afternoon I wolfed down half a sandwich and a coke. I then made about thirty telephone calls starting to move some of Jim's ideas and projects forward. By the end of the day, I was also adding some of my own spin and ingenuity into the projects. I finally made it out the door about 8:00 p.m. At least there was no traffic going home.

Trish greeted me with a glass of wine, a lovely smile and kiss, and a "how was your day?" discussion. I quickly kissed the kids goodnight; they were almost asleep anyway. Trish then warmed up my dinner and we talked about Jim and the new job. Finally, I asked what she'd been up to, apologizing for monopolizing the discussion.

She allowed as how they'd had a crisis come up yesterday and so no one had taken any time off until the end of the day when the software bug had been found, fixed and updates issued to all clients. Last night we remembered well.

Today, she said, was a little more relaxed and back to the usual. She said, "John and I went out to lunch." I said, "Oh, really! And what else might I be interested in knowing about this lunch?" 

"Well, John and I took some sandwiches up to the reservoir and ate up there."

"And were you two alone or were there others up there too?"

"It was initially crowded. So we decided to take a walk after we ate" she said. "We followed a trail about 300 yards in to a little cove. There was the big old dead tree there. And, well ..."

"And, well, what?" I said.

"Well, John took me from the back while I bent over the tree. It was exciting and daring. We both kept wondering whether anyone would come around the corner and catch us."

"And, ...?" I asked.

"Well, it was a very com-fort-a-ble orgasm," she said with a big smile – putting emphasis on every syllable. "Also, he used a rubber so I didn't have to slosh around work all the afternoon."

I, of course, felt a stab of pain in my gut, but I hid it well. I expressed my congratulations for the event and said that I wished I could have been there for sloppy seconds or thirds. Trish came over and sat in my lap. "You're so understanding," she said. I was rewarded with a big kiss, and then her yummy tongue.

I said, "Well, just keep me informed. I like to bask in your orgasms even though they happen 20 miles and eight hours away from when I wish I'd been there to help. I'll catch up some time later." We both giggled and I felt better and closer to her. I kept silently repeating my mantra about making my own happiness.

We closed up the house, went upstairs and made passionate love before we both fell asleep exhausted. I can't remember if I even dreamed that night.

###

The next day at lunch I had a real surprise. Loren arrived at my new office dressed to the nines. She looked like a million dollars and like she'd stepped off the front page of Vogue magazine. She was in high fashion, with tasteful makeup. 

Of course, she wasn't my wife and this fact was not lost on Louise, who came to my office door to announce Loren's arrival. I was "wowed" by Loren's beauty, gorgeous hair and make up, the summer frock she had on, her high heels, and whispered to her how great it was that she came by. She wanted me to "take her to lunch and anything else that seemed appropriate.' Fortunately, Jim was out for a long lunch so I didn't need to feel guilty for cutting out for a while. I took Loren across the street to the upscale seafood restaurant. Louise anticipated my need and called ahead for a private booth.

When we arrived, heads turned. Loren was a knock out – the dark glasses helped - and she knew it, but didn't flaunt it. Instead, she was totally focused on me. I tried to be focused on her, but I knew that some of the other folks from the company were there and it was nice to be seen with such a stunning individual – who was very focused on me in a touchy-feely way. I pretended like this was a usual event that no one had ever noticed before. Where was this woman when I was in college? High school?

Loren doted on me through a light lunch of soup and salad. We touched constantly, held hands between courses. We both knew this was a role she was playing, and I took advantage of it to full effect. The rest of the restaurant was the audience. I was especially pleased since I probably had a reputation as sort of super nerd in some quarters. This might broaden what folks thought about me anyway. 

After lunch, I knew I had to get back to work. Loren and I walked around the little square in front of the building. It was a lovely day with the first hint of fall in the air. Loren hung on my arm telling me how she wished she could sit down right here on the square and have me drive my tongue into her pussy. She allowed as to how she had shaved her pussy last night so that I might have unrestricted access to all the little folds of skin that she had. She described, in details that were torturing me, how she liked to be licked to orgasm, and how she would then liked to have my dick plunge into her cunt. 

We kept walking except I was having a more and more difficult time not embarrassing myself due to the growing tent in my pants.

When we got back in front of my building, Loren pasted herself against me for a goodbye kiss and to thank me for lunch. It was a smoldering kiss that lasted a minute and had lots of tongue going along with it. Afterwards, she turned abruptly and said "See ya!" over her shoulder and walked away in sexy way. I reluctantly turned and walked back into the building. I did spot a few faces glued to some upper floor windows that had watched the whole exchange.

Louise gave me an arched eyebrow as I walked back in with a Cheshire cat grin. "Old family friend," I said. Louise said, "Yea, I bet." We both laughed. 

I got a call about 6:00 pm from Trish asking when I'd be home. I told her about 7:00 pm. She said, "Oh good. We'll count on it." That sounded like she had a plan, but I was too busy to pursue the matter as I tried to wrap up a few more things.

I pulled into the driveway at 7:10 pm. Trish's car was gone, but John's car was parked in the street. I wondered what was up. I thought they might have gone out for dinner. 

As I walked through the door, Loren wrapped herself around my new executive body as she called it, and picked up with a kiss where her end of lunchtime kiss had left off. She was very naked except for the stiletto heels that she'd worn when she met me for lunch. This was one high charged, sexual situation.

In thirty seconds she had my cock out of my pants and down her throat. In another ninety seconds, I was pumping in and out of her newly shaved cunt with a rock hard missile – pants around my ankles. In a further ninety seconds I felt her interior muscles start to milk my cock. She rocked her hips in a move sure to bring a rapid conclusion to our tryst. We both came seconds after that – tongues deep into each other's mouths and arms in deep embraces. We collapsed into each other's shoulders on the sofa.

After our panting subsided, I said, "Now THAT's what I call a home cuming." We snuggled into each other – still coupled together. 

"Now, what is this arrangement," I asked.

"John and Trish took the kids out for ice cream and a romp in the park. We have until 7:45 before they come back. I am your welcome home surprise since they got to screw at lunch yesterday. Trish thought you needed some type of 'surprise' and I volunteered. I was sort of wired to do a quickie at lunch, but then I realized that there was really no where to go, so I just cranked you up a bit."

"Yes, you did," I allowed.

She went on, "When I told Trish about our lunch, she set up this evening's outing and I sat around here horny and naked awaiting your arrival."

I checked my watch. "We still have twenty minutes. Grab your clothes and come with me."

I led Loren down the hall to the media room where I pulled the shades to afford us some privacy from neighbors walking by. I stripped as Loren sat in the big overstuffed chair. I got down on my knees and started to lick and tease her damp pussy. Without her pubic hair, I could see the details where I wanted to put my tongue to pleasure her.

In seconds, she closed her eyes and started to focus on the pleasure points that my tongue and fingers were hitting. I discovered that I could actually feel her G-spot with my middle finger; the texture of her internal skin was just slightly different from the rest of her vagina. As I started to stroke that area, she started gasping and making "Yes, oh yes, oh don't stop, ..." statements. I didn't stop. 

As I stroked the G-spot, my tongue kept its focus on the tiny nub of skin usually hidden by the lips of her labia. On no uncertain terms, I was hitting all the right places on this woman. In a few more minutes, she pulled me up, sucked on my cock for a minute until I was sufficiently hard and then stretched out in the oversized chair so I could penetrate her again. This time she was really lubricated and so I slid all the way into her on the first thrust. 

We pumped slowly for a minute and then both of us felt the need to quicken our pace. I braced my feet and arms so that I could pump faster into her body. She wrapped her legs around my back and was using them to pull me forward so that I slammed into her mid-section as I made my in thrusts. The house was filled with the rapid slapping sound of our bodies coming together.

All the sensations were perfect for the two of us. We lasted two more minutes of intense fucking and then again I felt her cunt muscles start to clench and milk my penis. She changed her rhythm slightly so that she was rotating her hips in some kind of new milking move again. We both exploded in harmony with one another; then she allowed me to sag into her and we cuddled for a few moments..

"That was phenomenal," I allowed. Loren agreed. 

I checked the clock and it said 7:45. "We'd better get dressed. The crew will return any second." 

We went into over drive dressing. I dashed upstairs with my clothes and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. When I came down, Loren was just finishing the adjustments on her summer frock that had so wowed everyone where I worked. I came up behind her and nuzzled into her neck. She turned and we both kissed deeply. With her spike heels on she was just the right height.

"I could get really used to you," I said. We kissed on that note, and then we heard the car pulling into the garage. Trish gave a light honk on the horn to be sure that we hadn't missed their arrival. Everyone piled in the door and we welcomed everyone. 

I took the kids upstairs and got them ready for bed, even including a short ghost story. Their eyes got heavier and heavier, and I droned on and on with the story until first one and then the other was out like a light. I trimmed the nightlight and went back downstairs.

This time, John was sitting alone in the chair; Trish and Loren were arm in arm together on the couch.

Trish asked me, "Did you like you welcome home gift?"

"Of course. Why did we stop doing that? It was fun. We actually got two in you know – or rather I got in twice, or, well ... whatever."

"Well for one," she interrupted, "you got me pregnant twice and I think you just put both reasons why I don't greet you that way to bed. When you usually get home they're up and about and might wonder what Mommy and Daddy are doing to each other if I was welcoming you home 'nek-ked'. And," she went on, "you must have both been really horny to get in two complete fucks in half an hour!"

Loren said, "We were. We were!" as she jumped up with glee. Loren explained about how she had left me at lunch after teasing me incessantly from arrival to departure. She also allowed that she seldom dressed this way, although it was fun for a change. Thus, the stage was set for my arrival home to my 'surprise.'

Loren said, "I'm still horny you know," and walked over to John. She leaned down and planted a withering kiss on his upturned lips. He started to stroke up and down her legs with one arm as she bent over in front of him. Each stroke went a little higher. Suddenly, she straightened her legs in a gesture clearly giving him greater access to her pussy. 

Trish came over to me and immediately started stroking my lap. At first I wasn't sure I'd respond so soon after Loren and I had had two fucks in rapid succession – an unusual event for me. Soon, though, I felt a familiar stirring in my groin, helped in part by our being voyeurs to the seduction process going on between Loren and John.

Loren hiked up her dress and straddled John's lap; she was smothering him with kisses. John unbuttoned the top of the dress and exposed Loren's flimsy bra. He started blowing on her breasts through the bra and she started to show her nipples through the material.

Loren stood and pulled the dress off her body. Again, as she had with me, she kept on the black patent leather spike heels. The bra disappeared, as did her thong. John simultaneously shed his clothing. 

Loren then knelt in front of John and sucked his growing cock into her delicate mouth with a loud slurping sound. John moaned as the sudden and intense feeling of arousal. 

While this was going on, Trish had exposed me and lowered her mouth to my somewhat wilted rod. "Hummmmmmm!" she said as she easily swallowed the entire digit into her mouth. I could feel the stiffening happen as she kept working towards her goal. In two minutes, I was sufficiently hard for sexual action. We both shed our clothing as we watched Loren continuing to suck on John stiff penis, occasionally making the entire rod disappear.

Trish commented that I tasted like a wonderful mix of cock and pussy. She said, "I've never tasted pussy before. Now I see what a treat it is." Upon this observation, she rose and left me to kneel behind Loren. She pulled Loren up and forced her legs apart so she could maneuver her head between Loren's legs so her tongue could reach her pussy.

Trish started lapping. Loren started moaning. John was in tears of desire at the scene unfolding in front of him. I was slowly masturbating to the scene, looking for an orifice to plunge into.

After some readjustments, Trish ended on her knees behind Loren lapping at Loren's newly shaved pubic area. She was clearly touching places that only a woman would know about for Loren was rapidly being transported towards another orgasm by the sensitive touches.

I approached Trish from the back and, after rubbing my prick around her labia to pick up some lubrication; I slowly inserted my length into her cunt. She moaned into Loren's pussy. Loren moaned into John's cock. John announced he was cuming and in seconds his head snapped back and he started to fill Loren's mouth with his jizz. Loren let some of his ejaculate shoot onto her neck and breasts as she rose to savor his delivery. 

Trish leaned into Loren and with tongue extended, French kissed the woman. Loren and Trish held each other, both smearing John's cum onto their bodies. Both then turned to me. I was reclining on the carpet, but in seconds they both were licking and sucking on my member. Then Loren rose and positioned herself over my face while Trish inserted me into her vagina.

We started what turned out to be a long session of fucking and sucking. I brought Loren to another climax - tasting my own cum for the first time in the cream pie she held within. Meanwhile, Trish rose and fell on my cock. She was stroking Loren's breasts and neck with her hands and kissing Loren's lips with tongue extended. 

John hardened up after a few minutes of rest. He knelt behind my head and pushed Loren over towards Trish. I watched as he drove his cock into Loren's now dripping cunt. He started plunging back and forth into her body only six inches from my face. That was sufficient stimuli for me to buck my hips and trigger a joint orgasm with Trish.

I tried to keep my tongue on Loren's clitoris, but the motion of the two bodies above me made it impossible to maintain contact let alone aim at a small target. I just lay back and enjoyed my intimate view of the copulating couple.

Trish just continued to stroke Loren's back and hair and hold her as John plundered into her body from behind. Loren started moaning, "Oh yea, oh yea, oh yea, oh yea! Oh fuck. Oh yea!" until she clutched Trish and my lower body to her as she grabbed anything for support as she crested. John reached his apex only seconds later. I could watch the pulsing of his sack and cock into Loren's body as he came. He withdrew and flopped down beside all of us. We all grinned at each other as we stroked one another with great affection.

We were all sticky and a glow with each other's fluids and sweat from our efforts. What an evening to remember.

###

Friday finally arrived. I was so looking forward to the weekend and a chance to center myself and put some order into all the events of the week – my mind-blowing sexual week!

At work, Jim sent me out to get two bottles of wine so we could celebrate the end of my first week working with him. He explained that the previous company President had often held a similar 'wine tasting' on Friday evenings and he liked the tradition. "Besides," he said, "we need to do something while rush hour traffic thins." Thus started a new tradition in the division where an inner-circle formed with Friday after-work drop-ins to have a glass of wine. (The tradition was still going when I left four years later.)

I was on a huge high from work as well as from the sexual stimulation of the week – the latter unknown at the company, of course. There was passing mention of the mystery woman that I'd had lunch with on Wednesday, but I just smiled and reaffirmed that she was an "old friend." Jim just arched his eyebrows! The wine at our after-work party slid down easily and was most relaxing. I made sure not to imbibe too much as I had to drive home.

I called just as I was leaving the office. Trish said that John was stopping by for drinks and dinner. I said, "I'm on my way. Be there in a half hour." My mind went into what I called jumble mode trying to figure out what the evening might hold. Again, I felt the conflicting emotions wrapped up with our sexual romps – happiness and angst, complicated by the elation at the promotion and being on the "inner circle".

All was prim and proper when I arrived. The kids were watching television and Trish and John were sharing a bottle of wine in the kitchen. I joined them, telling them about the new "tradition" of a Friday after-work wine that Jim had just started and talking about the "inner circle". Our conversation went everywhere. Later, I took the kids up and gave them baths and stories, and almost fell asleep with them. They were fast asleep as I revived and changed into some casual clothes and went downstairs for some dinner.
