 Chapter 2 -- Putting the Pieces Together Includes Some Great Sex

Monday

My life had changed overnight. One day I was still grieving over the loss of my wife to cancer and trying to pull out of a ten-month alcoholic-assisted depression, and the next I had a beautiful woman living with me and needing my help to find a job, living accommodations, friends, and everything. We'd barely started towards these goals when we'd discovered the passionate and physical side of our new relationship.

Monday morning I made my morning sojourn to the beach to meditate. I again picked up coffee and a Sunday paper on my way back to the house. Lynn was up when I arrived back. She was wearing a t-shirt with nothing on underneath it. When I made an advance on her, she playfully slapped my hand, "Do you know how sore I am today?" she said. "The playground is closed until after dinner."

I gave a huge sigh of disappointment; however, I was glad for the opportunity to recharge my own batteries during the day. Sunday, I recalled with great pleasure, we'd pretty much done nothing but suck and fuck all day long.

We both went through the Help Wanted Ads in the local paper, but there were few leads there for anything that Lynn would have been interested in. 

I broke out my telephone list and started to make calls asking if any of my friends had contacts at any of the top companies on our list. I hit pay dirt on the fourth call. George Bunsen, a friend I'd known for years, turned out to be on the Board of Emptive Aerospace -- a medium-sized company that made aircraft and spacecraft communications equipment. They were headquartered in Sarasota by the airport but had manufacturing plants scattered all over the east coast and outside of Los Angeles. 

George was polite enough to listen to my well-thought-out description of Lynn, her skills, and her personal situation. At the end of my two-minute spiel, George said, "Have her come by my house tomorrow morning, say at ten o'clock. I'll screen her. If I like her, I'll get her in for some meetings later in the week."

I was ecstatic. Lynn was nervous. I told her about my background and history with George and his wife Debbie. They were nice people, and I was sure he'd give her more than the benefit of the doubt.

We kept making phone calls through lunch, but I stopped around the "P's" on my list. Lynn was cold-calling company HR departments and asking about whether they had any openings in her skill areas.

With Lynn's blessing I also called my lawyer and explained about Lynn's situation and her wish for a name change, divorce and restraining order. He told me to take a picture of her bruises before they faded any further. I did. He also validated my own thinking about the car she'd driven to Florida, and that was to get it back to her husband promptly without revealing where she was geographically. He said to get rid of any other personal property that was clearly owned by her husband. He suggested getting rid of the cell phone too. We set an appointment for Wednesday morning for a face-to-face meeting.

I made some calls regarding getting her car taken north. The last one was to a chapter of my old college fraternity up at the University of Florida in Gainesville. The young man who answered the house phone listened carefully to our needs and said he thought he knew just the person. He'd have him call me back later today.

An hour later the phone rang, and a youthful male voice introduced himself as Don Urquart. As we talked I learned he was a junior and had a girlfriend at the University of Cincinnati and was trying to figure out how he could see her more often than having to wait until Spring Break.

I explained a little about the car needing to go to Hamilton, Ohio, just north of Cincinnati, and that I'd pay $200, plus gas money, plus airfare back to Gainesville. He was hooked. He said he'd have to iron out some things with his girlfriend and his class schedule and be back to me on a date in a day or so about when he could take the car up.

Lynn and I finally stopped the job search and went to the beach for a long walk. When we got back to the house, she said it was her turn to show me her culinary skills. She rummaged around in the refrigerator and in an hour managed to turn out a magnificent meal that could have fed six people instead of just the two of us. Yum! Good leftovers.

After we'd cleaned up dinner, we cuddled on the couch and watched a chick flick from my DVD collection. Lynn fell asleep in my arms halfway through the second movie; I just cradled her lovingly and enjoyed the warmth and safety she was placing in me to help her. After the movie, I woke her and pulled her to bed where I again held her as she slept. Remarkably we'd made it through twenty-four hours with no sex.

Tuesday

Tuesday morning after I came back from my private beach time we made love again, albeit carefully. Lynn was willing but our overzealous lovemaking on Sunday was still reminding her that she wasn't twenty any longer. Outlasting her pleased me.

After our showers, Lynn appeared dressed in a very stylish business casual outfit that made her look highly profession while appreciating her feminine assets. I kissed her gently and wished her luck as she went off to meet George Bunsen in mid-morning. She came back at noon all smiles and said she felt well grilled by his questions and thought she'd made a good impression. She said he'd called the office while she was there and set up interviews for her on Thursday at the company's headquarters.

The rest of the day went pretty much like the day before, including my generating a couple of leads from my phone calls. We ate leftovers and made love again as we slipped off to dreamland.

Wednesday

Wednesday morning, Don Urquart called back. He wanted to drive the car up north the following week, leaving on Thursday. We talked briefly and agreed that would be a good time for us too. We made arrangements to meet Wednesday afternoon the day before, and I got directions to his frat house.

Our meeting with the lawyer was an hour well spent. I had introduced Lynn and Wade Garborrow, my attorney, and said I'd wait in his waiting area but Lynn asked for me to stay. Wade told Lynn that Florida was one of the few states where someone could get a unilateral divorce -- the other party did not need to participate nor live in the state. There were some downsides that Lynn was not bothered by. One that did bother her was that she needed a public legal address in Florida. After some further discussion, she decided to use my address for now. We postponed the idea of a name change; Wade saw no problem with her using 'Lynn' as a nickname since it was a derivative of her christened name.

Getting a restraining order would require a court appearance. Wade walked her through a long form, paying particular details to specific incidents when she had been abused. I produced copies of the photos we'd take on the weekend from her last attack. Lynn also needed to get notarized letters from two of her friends that had witnessed the results of at least two previous cases where Doug had battered her. Wade said he'd call when he knew her court date.

Lynn's having to talk through her marriage resulted in a sad and morose lady by the time we were through. She was depressed and teary when we left Wade's office and got back in the car. After the car door closed, she burst into tears with self-recriminations about her bad choice of husbands and her mis-spent life. She really wouldn't let me comfort her, even batting my hand away as I tried to soothe her.

Ten minutes later I pulled up in front of a Dairy Queen. I didn't ask; I got us each a chocolate cone with sprinkles. When I got back to the car with my gift, she was sniffling and trying to stop her tears.

"Oh, Jim. You are so wonderful," she sobbed as she took the cone. 

"Of course," I responded with a cheery smile to offset her mood.

She lapped the cone, and slowly the tears went away and then the depression faded too. The rest of the day Lynn was clingy -- I didn't mind the least little bit. For an hour after we got home she just lay with her head in my lap with her eyes open; she was thinking or just awake on autopilot. I apparently gave her the mental space she needed by keeping quiet -- an unusual feat for me -- and just stroking her beautiful hair. We had some of the more melancholy music by Eva Cassidy and Chris Botti playing on the stereo.

Eventually, she rallied. We ate leftovers then went and walked around the St. Armand's Circle part of Sarasota, a place with very exclusive boutiques. I bought Lynn a necklace with a gold sand dollar. The public display of affection by Lynn after I put it around her neck attracted much attention from the tourists strolling the circle by the jewelry store. She got all teary again and that in turn got me teary. We both laughed at our 'happy tears'.

When we got home I had Lynn stand in the middle of my living room with her eyes closed and her feet in a comfortable stance. I moved around her body kissing and tonguing various parts of her body, starting with her lips and face, then working my way down her neck. I did her arms then on my hands and knees I kissed her ankles and calves. I rose and slowly unbuttoned and unzipped her clothing, carefully and gently removing each piece and kissing the areas exposed as each piece exposed new skin areas. 

As I bared her flat stomach, I ran my hands and tongue across her belly. I could sense the muscles contract in a ticklish response. Lynn even snickered slightly almost but not quite breaking the mood we'd been building. 

At last, I undid the front clasp on her bra and pulled it down her arms. Lynn's magnificent breasts came into view, and I loved and fondled first one and then the other. In only a few minutes, Lynn's breath was short and she was panting in passion. I circled behind her and made love to the small of her back as well. She was swaying, still with her eyes closed.

I reached up to her lace thong and started to inch the flimsy piece of fabric down her hips a fraction of an inch at a time, using my tongue to follow up my manual efforts to make her naked. Lynn moaned even further at this antic; she reached down and stroked my head.

At last, I pulled the fabric away from her pussy and then down her legs. I could smell Lynn's musky scent and feel the wetness in her thong. I knew she was excited; the sopping wet thong was a telltale sign.

Lynn's magnificent body stood before me in all it naked glory: full, taut breasts with erect nipples and large areolas; flat stomach with well-toned abs above; shapely thighs and legs; delicate, feminine arms; and a slender neck and picturesque face surrounded by her pretty blond hair. I stood for a moment and sucked in her beauty knowing that at least tonight she was mine.

I gently steered her to the living room couch and helped her sit where she would afford me maximum access to her pussy. After she sat I stripped my clothes off and then nestled onto the floor in front of her legs. I gently pulled them aside and ran my tongue up each thigh, stopping just short of her manicured pussy. She moaned again so I repeated the process several times.

Slowly I circled into the main event, bringing my tongue and then my fingers ever closer to her mons and the pleasure I knew she was expecting. With my hands I often encircled her taut breasts, gently pinching or tweaking the nipples as I passed over them.

I sank my tongue into Lynn's wet vagina. Lynn climaxed immediately, reaching down with her hands and holding my head against her nether region and raising her legs to encase me in her moments of ecstasy.

As she relaxed and opened herself again, I slowly restarted my attention to her, rising occasionally to suck on one breast or the other. I brought my hands into play increasingly as well, not only fondling her breasts and smoothing her upper body in an erotic massage, but also thrusting several fingers into her cunt when it seemed appropriate.

"Ooooooh, dear God," she cried as a second orgasm raked her body. Again, she clasped my head to her body and locked her legs around my upper torso to hold me to her during her rapture. I felt so good that I could bring her pleasure by my efforts.

As she relaxed again, I took two fingers of my right hand and inserted them carefully into her vagina and sought out Lynn's G-spot. When I found the skin along the wall of her pussy with a slightly different texture, I gently massaged it to test her response. Lynn bucked and moaned mightily signaling to me that I had located the precise place I wanted to know about.

I then started to thrust my fingers in and out of her body as rapidly as I possibly could, not pounding as much as providing her exquisite friction across the spot I had just located. 

First, Lynn's response was a total relaxation and submission to the stimulation, but then I could feel her body start to tense. She straightened her legs over my shoulders, then I could feel her back start to arch, and then almost magically her entire body seemed to rise up off the sofa as I further accelerate both my pace and the friction across her G-spot.

Lynn's next orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks. She screamed, so loud I was glad we had the doors and windows shut in favor of the air conditioning. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oooooh. Don't stop. Oh fuck. Oh God. Oh fuck. Oh God. Oh fuck. Oh don't stop. Ooooooooohhhhh!" Lynn's tone was increasingly loud, and her cries increased to shouts of passion.

The sensitivity of my fingers allowed me to feel the interior muscles within Lynn's vagina go into spasm after spasm, clenching and milking my hand, drawing me deeper into her. As I felt the muscle contractions slow, I held my hand tight against her labial lips and pressed tightly against her clitoris.

Lynn's body was a mass of putty with a light sheen of sweat across it. Her whole body collapsed back against the couch; arms and legs limp. She blinked her eyes open and looked lovingly at me.

"Oh, how can I ever pay you back for THAT?" she asked rhetorically. "Where have you been all my life? I would have sold my soul to the devil to have had you available for the past twenty or so years of my life." She reached down and pulled me up beside her so we could kiss.

Lynn's initial kisses were exploratory again, and I wondered what was happening until she verified that she was enjoying the taste of herself on my lips, face and tongue. I gave her more access to the smell, even bringing to her lips the fingers I had just had in her vagina. We shared in licking them.

She moved to tongue my breasts for a moment and then dropped and inhaled me into her talented mouth. I hardened to a rod of steel in seconds. This time she was more aggressive in her efforts until she deep throated me several times, pressing her nose against my pubic bone to show me she could not get me deeper. I wanted to be inside her pussy when I came and told her so in a whisper.

With that she rose up over me and straddled me, holding a breast to my mouth as she started to sink onto my cock. I held her off after she'd sunk only an inch or so down my rod. I lifted her lithe body up slightly and allowed her to sink down again; this time advancing only slightly farther than before. We repeated the process for quite a few minutes after she got the idea -- each penetration stroke could only be a fraction of an inch deeper into her body than the one before. We played at this until she had me deep within, the end of my cock pressed against her cervix.

Then, we started to oscillate, to pump, to thrust into one another, slowly at first and then with increasing rapidity and urgency. Just when it seemed one or the other of us would explode, we backed down from the encounter and slowed our exertions. When we reached a seeming stasis point, we started to increase our pace again. We did this for several cycles as I fondled, licked, sucked, and bit on Lynn's well-sized tits and showered her face with kisses.

Lynn had several small orgasms. My cock was sensitive enough that I could occasionally feel her vaginal muscles spasm around it as we reached a lesser peak than the one we were aiming for.

Eventually; however, we'd had enough of our foreplay. Our thrusting and pounding into each other took on a new urgency and one we both knew instantly was not to end until our screams of ecstasy filled the night. Finally, we jammed our pelvic regions into each other in one last paroxysm of glory as we both exploded into each other. 

I felt a jet of Lynn's juices wash over my loins as I injected shot after shot from deep within me deep into her body. With each jet my body arched and jerked, and a new wave of pleasure shot through me. The intensity of the pleasure I felt was mind blowing.

Our sweat-laden bodies collapsed against each other, and I cradled Lynn in my arms, cooing words of affection into her ear. We both kissed each other with wild abandon and with words of thanks. 

After a few minutes of our after-play, I cleaned up some of our fluids with my shirt and then allowed Lynn to use it as we both rose and headed to the bathroom. We took a short but hot shower together to hose off most of our odors and fluids, dried one another, and then dove into bed to cuddle naked together and to sleep.

Thursday

Thursday morning I reflected on the past six days during my meditation at the beach. I'd gone from being a mostly bitter old man to feeling rejuvenated by the breath of fresh air that had entered my life the previous Friday afternoon -- Lynn. Just to think of her brought a smile to my face. I had to admit I was in love with the young woman, and I thought the feeling was mutual. We hated to be apart and when we were together we usually couldn't keep our hands off each other.

The Inner Voice I was listening to in my meditation again let me discover the messages of the day: Help someone other than yourself and love unconditionally. I also understood that I should offer comfort to those close to me. These 'understandings' formed the basis for the start of my day with Lynn when I got home.

"I am so nervous I'm almost shaking. I haven't had a job interview in over a decade, and even then it was sort of wired for me." Lynn was pacing the kitchen nursing a cup of coffee and worried about her late morning appointment at Emptive Aerospace.

My admonitions about her "doing fine" fell on deaf ears. I knew she was prepared, we'd talked through all the standard interview questions and her whole career at least a couple of times now. I doubted there were any questions she'd get asked that we hadn't talked about.

I held my arms out to her and she put down her coffee, came and let me hug her. I had her put her head on my shoulder, and I stroked and smoothed her. She was sharply dressed again and looked like someone I'd be proud to be seen with anywhere in the world. I told her this.

"You know, if you don't get this job I'll give you a job right here. I really need someone to hug all the time and you've done amazingly well during your short probationary period," I jested to her then pulled back and kissed her forehead.

"I just might need this job," she said weakly as she hugged me back.

"There's both the part time and the full time version too. Plus, we have fringe benefits," I offered.

"Yummmmm. Fringe benefits like how you made love to me last night," she smiled up at me as she hugged and ground her hips into mine. "You spoil a girl, you know."

I smiled back then checked the clock. "You should probably go. Be a little early; it shows your eager."

Lynn checked herself again in the hall mirror, picked up her pocketbook, and gave me a weak wave and headed out to her car. I blew her a kiss. The clock read ten a.m.

I thought I'd hear from her by lunch but all was quiet. I figured that was good sign. By three o'clock, I was as nervous as she'd been just before she left in the morning. I kept sending positive messages to her. At four I set a lawn chair up in the front yard so I could see the car pull up when she returned. I also held the portable phone in my lap.
