 Chapter 5 -- Threesome Sex Is Mind-Blowing

So here I was nude with two of the prettiest women in the entire country. One of them was Lynn, a gorgeous blond I had just fucked -- no, make love to and with whom I was falling madly in love with. We had spent the day in a tense standoff and confrontation with her soon-to-be-ex-husband and then had a romantic dinner at Zoria's in downtown Sarasota where she'd recently decided to live with me. 

We weren't alone, however. Karen Price, a friend and colleague from Lynn's new job had joined me and then us as part of the subterfuge in dealing with her Lynn's husband. Karen had helped Lynn stand up to her alcoholic and abusive husband, ultimately telling him to disappear from her life forever. Now, suddenly, she too was an intimate part of our lives. 

The three of us had a wonderful and romantic dinner at Zoria's, returned to my home and had started making love. The two of us, Karen and I, had just brought Lynn to several orgasms that deserved mention in Ripley's Believe It or Not.

Lynn had recovered sufficiently to ask for me, her new paramour, to deliver the same sensations to Karen. She said she wanted to watch.

"My pleasure but this might take a while," I replied.

I got two warm wash clothes from the bathroom and came and washed each woman's face, giving sensual kisses as I finished. I moved to clean up Lynn's pussy, but Karen stopped me. "I want that," she said.

With that Karen knelt in front of Lynn and put her butt in the air. She started to eat and suck my cum out of Lynn's vagina.

Karen's pussy was fully exposed and gapingly inviting. I could actually look inside this woman given the stance she'd adopted. I ran my hands up her legs, connecting with her trimmed pussy and its sheen of moisture. I initially inserted a couple of fingers into her; she waggled her pussy at me as I did so.

I moved under Karen and pulled her cunt down onto my face -- onto my tongue. I was now licking her cunt as she sucked my cum from Lynn. I actually got hard just thinking about what we were doing as well as the endless possibilities and diversions we had yet to explore. Karen rocked back hard against my face as I brought her to her second orgasm of the night.

About then Lynn came again as a result of the tongue work of Karen, then Lynn and I rolled Karen onto her back and pretty much repeated on her what she and I had done to Lynn only moments earlier. It took me a little longer to reach my own orgasm and shoot my jets of sperm into Karen's love nest. I lost count of the orgasms -- there were many. Karen was very entertaining, particularly as she talked dirty to us and described all the acts she wanted perpetrated on her. Lynn and I both ate my cum from Karen. Oh, what a sexual orgy of pleasure and lust we had that evening.

We were sweaty, hot, covered in each other's sexual juices, and none of us wanted to make a move that would take us out of contact with the others. Instead, I knew everyone wanted more juices and contact. "Skin on skin," I muttered; "one of life's great inventions."

We smoothed and petted, fingered, licked, and kissed around our 'pig pile.' Gradually each of us fell asleep, finally sated sexually and emotionally by the events of the day. I held both women close to me and in a few minutes realized that heaven had found me instead of the other way around.

