 Jasper led Kate into an elevator and keyed in the basement. The doors had hardly closed before he had her up against the wall, tongue diving deep into her mouth as his hands stroked her body possessively. His hand slipped under her skirt to find her shaved smooth and already dripping wet. 

"Hmmm...I see you followed my instructions on attire. Good girl. I've been wanting to do this for hours," he said as he penetrated her with his fingers. The waiting only made it sweeter.

"Me too," she replied breathlessly as he nibbled on her neck. "Can't we just go to your place? Do we have to go to this club?" They hadn't fucked in over a week, so when he had texted her to meet him for dinner and a night at the club she had jumped on it. 

A few weeks had passed since their first night at his apartment, a night that had changed her world forever. He had shown her a new world of sexual pleasure and she could never go back to the vanilla sex of her past. 

The elevator doors opened with a whoosh and reluctantly Jasper withdrew his fingers. He put them in her mouth and she sucked them clean, tasting the tart flavor of her own sex.

"As tempting as that is, we are meeting someone tonight," he said as he led her to an unmarked door and pressed a small buzzer next to the frame. "Don't worry, you will enjoy yourself here." 

The door was opened by a towering bald man clad in all black with biceps like tree trunks. He reminded Kate of the strong men at the circus and she would've giggled but for the very serious expression on his face.

"Mr. Jasper, good evening to you," the man ushered them in as if they were entering the fanciest restaurant in town. When the lock clicked behind them, they were led to bank of small numbered cubbies. "My lady, any personal belongings please," he held out a massive hand. 

"Leave everything," Jasper instructed. "The clientele here value discretion above all else." Kate handed over her purse which the strong man placed in a box. He wrote the number of the box delicately on the back of her hand. "Enjoy your evening," he smiled, buzzing them into the next room. 

The club was lit like an old photography darkroom, dim red lights hanging down from ceiling. As her eyes adjusted, Kate could see it was a circular set up, with a round stage in the middle and the periphery lined with semicircular padded benches. The music was low and throbbing. People mingled throughout, mostly in professional clothes as if they just came from the swank offices of downtown.

A waitress in a bustier and stockings appeared at their side with a tray of small ceramic cups. Jasper sipped one and gave Kate the other. She knew the scent immediately.

"Is this the your tea?" She asked as he led her to an empty seat. "Jasper, what kind of club is this exactly?"

"We call it the extract, actually," he said as he smiled and waved to someone across the room. "And this club is an exclusive place for, shall we say, likeminded individuals looking for entertainment of a certain quality." 

A handsome older man in an impeccably tailored suit approached them with a smile. "Jasper, you devil, I didn't know you were coming tonight," he shook hands with Jasper but his eyes were on Kate. "And you've brought a new someone. Hello, gorgeous, I'm Dexter," he added with a glint in his eyes. He took her hand and kissed her knuckles softly. She was flustered by the gesture, which seemed to delight him even more.

"Pleased to meet you. I'm Kate," she tried to pull her hand away but his tightened.

"Kate, perhaps after the show we could spend some time together," his eyes roamed her body with such intensity she could almost feel his gaze on her skin. "I'd love to see your lips wrapped around my cock before the night is through." He released her hand with a wink and walked away without waiting for a response. 

Jasper laughed at the look on her face. She didn't know if she should be shocked or flattered. "Don't worry, he's harmless. But then he is the top defense attorney in the city, so I wouldn't cross him either. Ah, here is the rest of our party." He rose to greet a petite blond in a red dress. Kate gasped when she saw who it was.

"Shannon," she whispered. It was the first time they'd met since Jasper had seduced Kate. She feared an ugly confrontation lay ahead. Instead Shannon laughed and embraced Kate warmly.

"Kate, I'm so glad you're here! I've been dying to tell you about this place, but Jasper swore me to secrecy." She plucked a cup from a passing tray and downed it like a shot. "God, that stuff tastes awful. But it's worth it, right?" Her eyes twinkled as they settled down with Kate in the middle. 

Kate was already feeling the full effect of the drink, her head buzzing pleasantly. She noted two burly men unrolling a large mat onto the stage. The lights went low three times.

"Show's starting," Shannon said. "Jasper told me all about you guys, but we'll have to talk later." She squeezed Kate's thigh as she whispered in her ear. "He called you 'an untapped well of passion'," she teased with a knowing smile. "We'll have to see about that."

Kate didn't know what to say, but there was no time to respond as the lights went out and the music swelled into a tribal drum beat. 

A spotlight shone on the stage where two well muscled black men held a small woman with flaming red hair. They each had one of her arms and pulled her to the mat. She struggled against them in vain, looking panicked.

Once they stood in the center, one man held her from behind while the other ripped her clothes off in one forceful move. She screamed as her pale naked body was exposed. 

Kate quickly looked at Jasper and Shannon for their reactions. Was this for real? Neither seemed distressed in any way, in fact they both looked enthralled. She told herself it was all for show. It had to be.

The redhead was now gagged, her wrists bound and held above her head, making her pale pink nipples protrude outwards. The man in front of her kneeled and forced her legs apart, licking her sex with his long tongue. The woman's eyes were wide as she tried to escape him, but the two held her tightly. 

Jasper began kissing Kate's neck as his hand molded her breast. She groaned at the sensation, which was heightened by the extract and therefore irresistible. The woman on stage on stopped fighting and was now clearly becoming aroused, staring down at the dark head working between her thighs. Her hips were starting to buck into his mouth.

Kate felt another hand on her breast and realized it was Shannon, who was undressing her and kissing the other side of her neck. She had always wondered what it would be like to kiss a woman. She soon found out, as Shannon's lips found hers and their tongues tangled and entwined.

She tasted different than a man, sweeter, and the smell of her perfume scented the air between them. It was erotic by nature of being an exploration rather than a conquest. Jasper watched their lovely embrace and knew his instincts about Kate had been right. He took Shannon's hand and guided it between Kate's thighs. His cock grew even more engorged, but he maintained his control.

Shannon broke from kissing Kate to whisper in her ear, "I've wanted to eat your pussy for so long," she said as her fingers stroked either side of Kate's swollen clit. "I guess tonight I get my wish." She slid off the bench and knelt between Kate's legs, her tongue immediately finding her honeyed center.

Kate's heart raced at the feeling of Shannon licking her pussy. She could barely see her by the light of the stage, where the redhead was now riding a huge black cock and sucking off the other. 

Jasper pinched her nipple hard, making her cry out with surprise. He quickly dipped his head down to take it into his mouth, laving it with his tongue. The pain only made the pleasure even sweeter. Then he stood on the bench and freed his erection so that Kate could take him into her mouth. 

Shannon's tongue was stroking her clit so fast that Kate came hard the first time, her body shuddering as the other woman kept her mouth glued to Kate's sex. Kate could feel warm liquid streaming into between her legs.

Shannon rose and sat on the bench next to Jasper, licking his balls while Kate had the shaft. Jasper laid his hands on both their heads and watched them while the woman on stage was double penetrated and fucked hard from both sides. The redhead had a look of such utter ecstasy. He couldn't wait to see that look on Kate's face. Perhaps another night soon.

He reluctantly pulled the two heads away from his cock and sat down again, pulling Kate over to sit on his lap, facing the stage. She immediately started grinding her wetness on his cock, anxious to have him inside her.

"Please fuck me," she begged as his hands rocked her hips so that he slid back and forth between her folds. The redhead was now screaming as the men mercilessly plunged into her ass and cunt in an alternating rhythm. Kate felt a twinge of jealousy at seeing the woman being filled like that. What would it be like?

"Yes, Kate, watch that and know that could be you at any moment that I choose. Shannon, lick Kate's juices off my cock and then place it in her pussy." Shannon did as she was told, watching with envy as Jasper deeply penetrated her friend. She fingered herself as she suckled on Kate's nipples.

"Now lick her clit," he instructed as he slowed his rhythm down. Kate moaned as Shannon circled her clit with her tongue. She clenched her walls around Jasper's cock as he had taught her. "Yessss, Kate, that's it," he ground out the words. "I knew you would love that...but don't come until I tell you." He levered his hips off the bench so he could drive deeper into her. 

He started to pick up the pace again, and Shannon could feel Kate's clit engorging in her mouth. Kate panted heavily, fighting to hold off her orgasm as she watched the woman on stage getting sprayed with cum all over her face. 

The club's lights were gradually coming up, and Kate could see people fucking in all the booths around her. No one seemed to care they were having sex in public, including her. 

"Please let me come now," she begged as the scene before her was leading to sensory overload. She couldn't hold on.

"You may come now," Jasper said, relishing the gush of heat flooding around his cock while she spasmed around him. "Shannon, come to me now." He withdrew from Kate, who felt like she could fall to the floor in a boneless heap. Shannon straddled Jasper and started riding his cock with abandon.

"Kate, lick her ass while I fuck her," Jasper spread Shannon's ass cheeks wide. Kate knelt in front of them, confronted with the sight of her friends ass wide open in her face. She hesitated.

"Do as I say or you will be punished," Jasper commanded. Kate didn't know how he would punish her and was afraid to find out. She advanced her tongue down Shannon's crack until she found the tiny opening and circled it with her tongue. Shannon immediately reacted, moaning and pushing her ass back into Kate's face.

"Omigod, yessss...eat my ass, baby," she cried out as she came. Jasper slapped her hard on the ass for daring to come without his permission. Shannon yelped a little but couldn't stop. 

"You will pay for that disobedience," he said as he pulled her off his cock and shoved her down to her knees on the floor. Kate watched as he jammed his cock into Shannon's mouth forced it down her throat. 

He had the sides of her head firmly between his hands as he thrust his hips into her face, gagging and choking her with his depth. Tears streamed out of Shannon's eyes but she still looked up at Jasper with adoration. Kate couldn't tear her eyes away from the spectacle. So this was punishment.

Jasper decided it was time to loosen the leash on his control and felt the orgasm quickly building deep at the base of his cock. When he felt the orgasm start to flow through him, he withdrew from Shannon's mouth and exploded onto her face, covering it with thick white fluid. She gazed up at him with gratitude, awaiting his next command.

"Kate, lick her clean." She did so happily, lapping up the cum and kissing Shannon all over her face and neck. Shannon returned her affections by stroking Kate's back and down to her ass. She had always loved Kate's ass and planned on getting more of that later.

Jasper watched the two of them while he donned his pants and buttoned his shirt. They were like day and night, one pale blond and the other a stunning brunette. What a pair they made. And even though their clothes were in disarray and their makeup was smeared, they smiled contentedly as they kissed each other. He was pleased there was no hint of jealousy between them. He had bigger plans for these two. But that time would come soon enough.