 I woke up. My head felt strange. I searched for my cell phone. I found it on the floor, right next to my clothes. I unlocked it. There was a fifteen missed call from Ginger. I wanted to call her, but my head was spinning. I was dizzy. I surrendered myself to the desire to sleep.

After some time, I woke up again, this time in much better shape. My headache was gone and I wasn't dizzy. Again, I checked my phone and found some more missed calls from Ginger. By the way, Ginger was my best friend. At that time, we were living in different cities, but we maintained a good relationship. She was living with her boyfriend.

I stood up. The clock was displaying 10:00. Was it AM or PM? I couldn't realize if it was a day or a night because of the closed windows. I grabbed the remote and turn on the TV. All the channels were down accept a few news channels. They were broadcasting about a virus outbreak. The lady news anchor was saying that the virus was spread across the country and many other countries in the world.

I touched my jaw in a worry. Suddenly, I found a beard on my cheek. I rushed outside. The rays of the sun hit my eyes, like laser beams. After few seconds when my eyes adjusted to the light, I saw an awfully silent street. There was no one there on the street. 

I started walking to the nearest department store, few blocks away from the house. When I reached there, there was a bunch of women, standing near the store. I walked past them. They were talking in a low tone. They registered my present and stopped their talk immediately. Their expressions were changed suddenly. There was an expression of surprise on their faces. I entered the store. With some uncertainty, I approached the main counter.

The girl on the counter gave me a nervous smile. She was surprised. She asked me, "Are you all right?"

Now it was my turn to be surprised. Why was she asking that?

Suddenly, all women in the store started gathering around me. They were chattering in a low tone. I was confused and scared. I somehow felt that something was wrong, then I saw the girl on the counter calling someone on the phone, I thought I was in trouble. I rushed to the main entrance. I ran across the road. I didn't look back. When I reached at the house there was no one there on the street. I entered the house and shut the door behind me. I looked at the TV; the news channel was still on. Suddenly I gazed down at the screen. I was shocked by the line which was written at the bottom. It said, "Will all men extinct?" 

I felt my head was spinning again. I felt dizzy. I sat on the sofa and watched the news. They were saying the virus caused some kinds of horrible effect on men. Most of them were dead. Many of them were dying. Two lady news anchors were discussing the situation. 

I checked my phone and counted the days. I was unconscious for ten days. There was mayhem on the screen. Every news channel were displaying visuals of women, crying for their fathers, brothers, husbands, boyfriends and friends. Suddenly a fear started to grow in me. What if I would die? I rushed to the bathroom; checked my eyes and face, they were fine. For the next half hour, I checked myself thoroughly. I was fine. Only thing physically wrong with me was my headache and dizziness.

I thought about the situation. If the virus was airborne, I must wear a mask to protect myself. I rushed to the basement and found a mask to wear. I checked my phone again. There was a text message on the screen. It was from Ginger. It said, "Call me if you are all right."

I dialed her number. She picked up immediately.

"Oh my god, are you all right?" she asked me with a hasty voice.

"I am fine. How's Mike?" I asked.

"Mike is dead, Peter." She started crying.

"Oh..., no, what happened?"

"He died right next to me on the bed, Pete. This monstrous virus took him from us."

I was stunned by the news. Her boyfriend was a great guy. They loved each other. They were perfect together. 

I told her, "I will be there soon, Ginger." 

"No, don't come here, Pete. It's a chaos everywhere. Every transportation system is down and I don't want to lose you. Stay where you are. If you feel seek rush to the hospital," She said with a sad tone.

"I am fine, Ginger. If you need me, I will be there soon."

"No, please, don't come here. They say the virus is airborne."

"O.k., I'll be there when this is over."

"Take care of yourself Pete and remember if you feel sick rush to the hospital."

"I will." I gloomily replied and hung up.

****

There was a slow sound coming from the back door. I was awoken by the sound.

I had survived two more months. I hadn't felt sick. Slowly everything was normalized. Women took over everything. Situation was stabilizing rapidly. Government was denying the extinction of men. Every news channel was discussing the situation 24x7. Government was searching for the men who survived the outbreak. They were broadcasting ads, telling men to contact the authority. They even formed a special department to search men. I didn't want any kind of trouble so I hid from everyone for two months. I had enough supply to survive for four months. I called Ginger couple of times. She was worried about me. 

The sound from the back door was consistent. Someone was trying to enter from back of the house. I grabbed a baseball bat and slowly approach the door. There was a shadow. I attacked it, but before I hit it with the bat, I heard a scream of a woman. I froze immediately. The door was open and there was a girl, standing there. She was scared by the sight of me. I put down the bat.

"Who are you and why are you trespassing on my property?" I asked angrily.

"I am Sara, I am your neighbor and this is Nat, she is a friend of mine," She pointed to a girl, standing right behind her." Are you going to hit us with the bat?" She asked with a nervous smile.

"What do you want?"

"We are here to help you. Can we come in?" She asked politely.

I let them in. Sara entered first. She looked confident, while her friend Nat was nervous. They sat on the sofa. Sara was around twenty. She was wearing a mini skirt and a tank top, which was hardly containing her formidable round breasts. Her legs were long and slender.

"Are you alright?" Sara asked.

"Yes, how did you find out about me?"

"Two months ago, I recognized you at the department store." Sara told me.

"Did anyone else know about me?" 

"No, I didn't tell anybody, I don't want any kind of trouble for you," Sara said. She was scanning my face. Her gaze felt strange. It was like someone was watching an extinct animal. Her friend Nat was quite and occasionally giving me a sympathetic look.

"So, have you lost anyone in this outbreak?" I inquired.

Nat's expressions became sadder.

"I didn't lose anyone. My father died a few years ago. I lived with my mom. I didn't have a boyfriend at the time of the outbreak. However, my mom and Nat lost their boyfriends." Sara said.

I could see some tears, forming in Nat's eyes.

"What about you? How many you lost in the outbreak." Sara asked me.

"My mom and dad died many years ago. I was brought up by foster parents, therefore I am alone. My work involves online game developing so I have very few friends."

"Do you have a red dot in eyes?" Sara asked suddenly.

"No, I haven't? Why are you asking this?"

"Every man, who was infected by this virus, had it. Do you mind if I look closely into your eyes?" 

Before I answered, she got up and approached me. I was sitting on a sofa against her. She bent forward to scan my face.

"I can't see anything from here. May I have a closer look?" She said that and she bent her knee, placed it on the sofa, in between my legs and bent forward to search my eyes. Her face was extremely close to mine. Her thigh was touching my inner thigh. Her skin was smooth and felt great against thin fabric of my shorts. Her gaze was searching in my eyes. Her breasts were extremely close to my chest. She put her finger to stretch my face's skin. She was searching in my eyes for red dots. I had a semi erection because of her tender touches.

From corner of my eyes, I could see the reactions of Nat. She was watching her friend carefully.

Sara was still searching my eyes. Her breasts were brushing my chest. I could feel the fabric of her top.

After sometimes Sara announced," You don't have a red dots in your eyes. I want to examine your face?"

She put her hands on my face and neck and started searching.

Suddenly, Sara stopped. Now her palm was on my cheek. Her gaze was in my eyes. Her expressions changed slightly. There was a little flame of lust in her eyes. 

"I do miss rough skin of men," she said in a husky voice.

Sara's hand started a soft creasing of my face. She was extremely close. I could smell her perfume. Her breasts were pressed against my chest. Her thigh was making progress between my legs. After a few moments, soft bare skin of her thigh was pressing against my already hard manhood.

"I also miss rough lips of a man," she said in a sensual tone and put her lips on mine.

I was surprised by the kiss and tried to get away from her, but she grabbed my face and kissed me hard. Her lips were soft and wet. After some struggle, I gave in to the kiss. I hold her face and kissed her back. Her breasts were pressing harder to my chest and causing a huge erection. She was rubbing her thigh on my erect dick.

"Oh.., you like this didn't you? I can tell from the reaction below," she said with a mischievous smile. In reply, I let go her face and slid my hand to her hips. I slowly lifted the hem of her skirt and put my hand underneath it. My fingers found her lacy panties, clinging to her hips. Her hips were firms and round. I grabbed them and parted them. She moaned in response.

Sara's hand was wondering on my body like a child's hand, examining a new toy. She put her hand on my erection and stroked it, gently.

I caressed her outer pussy lips from thin fabric of her panties with my fingertips. She moaned in response. I lifted her one leg and placed my legs between her legs. 

She grabbed my shorts and slid it to my knees. My erection was standing proudly between her parted legs. She started a slow stroking of my dick. I was fully erect then.

I grabbed her panties and tried to slide it down.

Sara smiled at my futile attempt and got up from my lap. She stood up and slowly unbuttoned her skirt. Her skirt dropped after a few moments. She was standing right in front of me in a tank top and a baby pink colored lacy panties. There was a dark wet spot at the bottom of her panties.

Sara turned her head to Nat. Nat was transfixed by the whole show. Sara playfully smiled at her and tucked her two fingers under the strings of her panties. She slowly slide down her panties and dropped it on her feet. She slowly stepped out of it. Her saved mound was on display. She had a pinkish colored pussy. Her outer pussy lips were fluffy.

Sara approached me. She slowly took my manhood in her hand and said, "You know at the time of the outbreak, I was experimenting with two guys and none of them got a monstrous cock like yours. I would love to have this thing in me."

Sara slowly climbed on my lap. She was still holding my erection in her hand. She slowly put my dick at her pussy opening. The mushroom head of my dick was touching her pussy entrance. She rubbed the head on her pussy and moaned with pleasure. I could smell her arousal. Her moan had an electric effect on my manhood. The velvet touch of her pussy was too much for me. The mushroom head of my penis was wet with her secretions.

Sara was still teasing my dickhead. I grabbed her tank top and tried to lift it. She released my penis and slowly took her tank top off. Her lacy bra was right in front of me. Her pink nipples were visible from the thin material of the bra. She slowly unclasped her bra from behind and holds it against her heavenly chest, and then she dropped it on the sofa.

Sara's breasts were full and beautifully shaped. Her 34-D breasts had two beautiful nipples. Her nipples were carving for attention. I took a nipple in my mouth. Soft skin of her nipple felt great. I used my tongue to make a circle around her soft nipple. She moaned in response. I pinched her other nipple to collect another moan from her.

My dick was rubbing the entrance of her pussy and I am extremely anxious to enter her. I released her nipple, grabbed her hips and enter her pussy in a single stroke. A cry escaped from her mouth. It was heavenly feeling. Her pussy was tight and somehow resisted my invasion. It took me few moments to feel her tight snatch gripping my dick meat. 

I started a furious sucking of her beautiful, pink nipple. She grabbed my head in response. Her fingers were pulling my hair slightly.

"Oh ... fuck, I miss this feeling so much. I love the feeling of thick hard cock, filling my tight pussy," she said in a slow voice.

She started riding me with a slow pace. She was still holding my head on her breasts. I was sucking and biting her nipple furiously. I put my hands on her hips and parted her ass cheeks. I put a finger on her ass hole. She shuddered with the touch. I started a slow rubbing of her ass hole.

Suddenly, she stopped her up and down moments. My head was still on her breasts. She turned her head to Nat.

"Come on, Nat. Come here," she said in a sensual tone.

Nat was still on the opposite sofa. She obeyed Sara, like an obedient pet and stood up. As she came close, Sara held her hand and said," I want you to enjoy this."

Nat sat next to me. She was short, around 5'2''. Her frame was small. Her eyes were blue. She was wearing a short and a blouse. Her breasts size was 34-C. They look enormous on her small frame. She was still sad.

"Touch him, Nat." Sara said with a command in her voice.

Nat didn't respond.

"Close your eyes and thought as if he is Jack," Sara said in a slow tone.

Nat obeyed her and closed her eyes. She put her hand on my bare chest. Her touch was electric. My penis grew a couple of inches in Sara's pussy.

Nat's hand was rubbing my bare chest and arms.

"It feels good, doesn't it," Sara said that and leaned forward. She put her lips on Nat's.

Nat was surprised by the kiss. Sara held Nat's face and kissed her hard. Nat started responding to the kiss. Sara started unbuttoning her blouse as their kiss grew more passionate. Nat was wearing a white bra. I was too aroused by the show and started a slow fucking of Sara's pussy. Sara responded with a moan in Nat's mouth.

Sara's pussy was clutching my dick. Nat's blouse was dropped from her shoulder. I put my one hand on her covered breasts. They were soft and round. Sara stopped kissing Nat and put her hand on her shoulders to remove her bra straps. She dropped her bra straps from Nat's shoulders and put down the cups on her waist.

Nat's beautiful and full breasts were exposed for us. I cupped her breast and pinched her nipple. Nat moaned and bit her lips with closed eyes. I knew, in her mind, she was substituting me with her boyfriend.

Meanwhile, Sara was jumping on my cock, like a possessed woman. Her pussy was milking my cock, driving me to the edge. Her grunts and moans were filling the room. The touch of her labia on my pelvic region was sending her on edge.

"Oh...fuck I don't want this to end, ever." Sara cried with pleasure.

Nat was enjoying my fondling. I took her one nipple in my mouth and sucked it. She liked it and pressed my head on her breast. I put my hand on her other breast and fondled it. Nat grunted in response.

Sara stopped riding my cock for a moment and put her face on Nat's breast. We both started sucking Nat's breast simultaneously. Our lips and tongues fought for Nat's nipples.

Nat was in heaven. I grabbed Sara's hips and started fucking her pussy. Sara released Nat's breast from her mouth. She put her hand on my shoulder and started riding me. Nat opened her eyes and watched her friend riding my cock for a few moments.

Suddenly, Nat approached Sara and put a finger on her already swollen clit. Sara moaned with pleasure.

"That's it Nat, do that, you are driving me crazy," she commented in a husky voice.

I have a weakness, I never climaxed, when someone ride my cock. My ex-girlfriends used this weakness to achieve their orgasms. I loved to watch as they climaxed, riding me.

I knew Sara was on the edge. Her movement on my cock became raged. Her grunts became louder. My cock was reaching the inner depth of her pussy. Her pussy walls felt heavenly around my cock. Every slide of my cock, in her pussy, was producing a grunt from her. 

Nat's fingers were working hard on Sara's clit. The circular motion of her fingers was driving Sara on the edge. Nat's finger nails were scratching my cock skin. But I didn't care. All I want was Sara's orgasm. I was giving everything in my strokes, but my movements were restricted by Sara's weight.

Suddenly, her pussy walls gripped my cock. A loud cry escaped from her mouth. She arched her back. Her pussy walls started pulsing around my dick as she came hard. Nat stopped her fingers. I grabbed her hips and buried my cock deep in her pulsing pussy. She dug her finger nails on my shoulders. Her pulsing pussy walls almost brought me on the edge. 

Sara's tense body relaxed as her massive orgasm subsided. She put her hand on Nat's face and told her, "Thank you, I needed that."

Sara got off from my lap and put my still erect penis out from her moist pussy. She sat next to Nat.

"You gave me what I wanted, now it's my turn to repay you," She said in a slow sensual voice, kissing Nat's lips.

Sara lied down on the sofa and Nat put her body on Sara; they started a kissing spree. Their lips were pressing hard on each other's. Their tongues were searching for space in each other's mouth. Their boobs were pressed against each other. Their hands were holding each other's face.

Nat's ass was in front of me. I took the opportunity and grabbed her hips. I planted several kisses on her covered ass. Her hips were full and round. Every small framed girl has a great ass. I wanted to uncover it. I pulled her shorts down to her ankle. She was wearing a white granny panties. I pulled it down. Her full, meaty hips were on display. I kissed them softly. In response, she moaned in Sara's mouth. I could smell her arousal. Softness of her skin, felt great against my lips.

I stopped kissing her hips. I got up and grabbed my already erect penis. I wanted a release. I wanted to cum. I wanted to cum in her pussy.

I grabbed Nat's hips and raised her ass. She didn't resist. She moved her ankles forward to help me. Now, I could see her wet pussy, drenched with her vaginal secretions. She was ready for me.

I put my mushroom head to her pussy entrance. She broke the kiss with Sara and moaned in response.

"Take him, Nat; take him in your pussy. You would love it." Sara said, grabbing Nat's waist.

I entered her. Her pussy lips welcome my dick head like petals of flowers. Her body tensed up on my invasion. She grabbed the fabric on the sofa. Her pussy walls felt smooth. My progress in her pussy was slow due to position of her feet. Her legs were extremely close to each other. I parted her legs. Her granny panties was stretched by her legs. I entered couple of inches of my dick in her. Every inch of my dick was producing a moan from her mouth.

"It feels good, doesn't it? Your pussy filled with the dick meat. Your pussy walls stretched to its limit by the entry. A wave of lust shot through your spine. It's the greatest feeling, isn't it, Nat." Sara whispered in Nat's ear.

After a few moments, I was completely in her. My pelvic region was touching her hips. I grabbed her hips and started a slow fucking. She grunted in response. My pace was slow. I wanted to enjoy her tightness.
