 Chapter 3 -- A New Woman In My Life As We Plan For a Confrontation

I sat for minute coping with shock of what I'd just seen and all that happened over the past three weeks or so. 

Lynn Seaburn, a beautiful blond, had found me out of all the people in the Universe to help her relocate to Florida. I'd helped her get a new job, and she was living with me as both friend and lover.

Lynn had fled her alcoholic and abusive husband in Ohio to new start in life. We were working with a good lawyer on many issues surrounding her husband -- a restraining order and a divorce. We'd paid a young man to drive her car (that he husband owned) back to Ohio and drop it off in front of her husband's house about two weeks prior.

My shock came when I'd happened to look out the window of my home and watched Lynn's old, brown Chevrolet drive slowly past the house. I had every reason to believe it was her exhusband at the wheel. Somehow he'd found her -- us.

I called Lynn at work immediately. "Hon, we've got a sudden problem starting about a minute ago," I started. 

"What's going on?" she asked.

"You're old Chevy just cruised by the house with a man about your age driving. Brown hair, red baseball cap. Ohio plates. It surely looked like your car."

"Oh shit," she gasped. "How'd he find us?"

"Was bound to happen sooner or later. How do you want to play it? Do you want to hide or what? He might be waiting for you at work when you get out or hanging around here somewhere waiting for you to drive into the garage."

"I'll let you know in a few minutes," she said and clicked off.

Fifteen minutes later the phone rang. I checked Caller ID before I answered Lynn's call. "OK, here's the short-term plan," she said in an excited voice. "Karen Price and I are going to swap places for the evening. I'm going to her apartment in her car in about two minutes, and she'll drive home to you in my car in about an hour when work ends. I'll call you soon. If you see him again, call my cell. And we need some ideas about what to do next." She sounded worried.

"I love you," I told her just before we hung up.

One of my neighbors was a retired cop from Chicago. I think he'd been on the bomb squad and somehow managed to retire in one piece. I called Len; he was home. I asked whether I could walk over and see him. He said to come on at my pleasure. I locked up the house tight and strolled down the street to his house as though I didn't have a care in the world. I didn't see the brown Chevy.

I told Len I needed his professional advice as an ex-cop then started at the beginning and told Len all about Lynn, her abusive husband, her getting the restraining order, our continuing to live together as she worked on a unilateral divorce, the likelihood that I'd just seen her car drive by -- probably driven by her husband, and the swap of females we were about to execute. Len listened attentively to the whole story.

Len got up from his chair, walked across his kitchen where we were sitting, and got us both a beer. He came back, passed me a beer and sat down. I could almost see the smoke rising from his intense thinking.

Len began, "First, we'll assume the worst. He's here in Sarasota, he knows all about you, he's mad as hell, and he's going to do something to Lynn -- like kidnap her back to Ohio or beat her up in some bout of vengeance. It might be a lot better than this, but let's work with our worst case scenario," he reminded me.

"Next, he's probably figured out she's living with you. He may not be certain of the relationship but let's assume he's figured that out too. Then, he'll be mad as a hell at you too -- after all you stole his love from him. So you might find you're threatened or due for some bodily harm too."

He went on, "The idea of a swap is a stop-gap measure and a good idea while we figure out what to do. Sooner or later he'll figure out where she works, if he doesn't already know. He might have been following her for days waiting for an opportunity to do whatever he's inclined to do. Meanwhile, why don't you publicly meet this Karen in front of your house as though she's the light in your life? Keep her outside a bit so the two of you are visible together; that'll confuse him and slow things down -- we hope. " Now let me make a couple of calls and see what other ideas I can come up with. Now go home, play outside, welcome Karen home, and expect me to drop by in an hour or more with some more ideas.

I strolled back home sipping on my beer and feeling as though I had a target slightly larger than Greenland painted on my back. I opened the garage door and pulled our bicycles out and started to service them in the driveway. I got out the hose and washed them down. I also watered most of the front garden.

About five-thirty, Lynn's car came slowly down the street and pulled into the driveway. I waved enthusiastically and pulled the bikes to the side so Karen could pull into the garage. I walked in and quickly said to her, "Come and greet me in a big way. We've got other help on the way. Play your role as my significant other." 

I went back to the bikes as Karen pulled her briefcase and a pile of papers from the backseat. She appeared in front of the big garage door with a questioning look on her face. I walked up and embraced her, kissing her firmly on the lips not once but several times. After her initial surprise, she kissed back with more than a passing degree of enthusiasm for the act.

We stood in our embrace, and I looked at this beautiful woman for the first time. She was appraising me too. By her smile, I figured I'd passed muster.

Karen was an attractive slim woman with long, dark hair to the middle of her back that was full of waves and curls; she was in her mid-to-late thirties. She was wearing tight slacks that clung to her shapely ass in a way that was making me salivate. She also wore a very Florida blouse that was stretched across a lovely chest, and a pair of spike heels -- my greatest weakness. She looked very professional. Did I mention the tight slacks?

I whispered to her as we hugged, "Go into the house and change into casual clothes. Some of Lynn's wardrobe is in the guest room off the kitchen and family room. Wear anything you can find and feel like. There's some wine in the refrigerator; bring me a glass after you get one for yourself. We're supposed to stand out here and be visible for a while as the 'couple-in-residence'."

Karen nodded and disappeared into the house to continue our guise. I hoped that Doug or whoever I'd seen in the car was watching from some hidden quadrant I couldn't detect. I went back to tinkering with the bicycles, now inflating the tires as though we were preparing to take a ride soon.

About ten minutes later, Karen appeared in one of my t-shirts and a pair of Lynn's short shorts. She was barefoot and had long, sexy legs that I now saw for the first time. My tongue was getting hard just fantasizing over what she might be like in bed, but I had enough sense to jar myself back to the tense reality we were facing. She looked as if she belonged here and were a fixture in the neighborhood.

She walked up and kissed me again. I could get used to this. She put the wine in my hand and winked at me. "Did you get the mail honey?" she asked in a loud voice. 

"No," I stammered as I took in the loveliness of this dark haired creature. She could tell I was impressed with her demeanor. I couldn't keep my eyes off her.

Karen walked out to the mailbox by the street as though she'd done it a thousand times, opened the door, and pulled a stack of mail out of the box. She strolled up the driveway, playing her role to the limit as she sorted through the pile, obviously sorting out "her" mail from other pieces.

About that time Len Raush and his wife Peggy came strolling down the street each carrying a beer. We waved to each other. I quickly whispered to Karen that she was supposed to know these folks so she waved too. In another minute, after hugs all around, the four of us were standing in front of my house talking as though we were old friends.

Len talked in a low voice. "The brown Chevy you described is parked two blocks over and no one is in it. So assume we're being watched and that we've confounded his small mind with the switch you guys made;" he nodded to Karen. "Hey, everyone laugh. We're supposed to be telling funny stories." We all burst out laughing at his urging although I wasn't sure we did a convincing act.

He went on, "I want to talk to some friends on the Sarasota Police without tipping our hands just yet. Can you keep this charade up overnight?"

I nodded and so did Karen. I interjected, "We can call Lynn and tell her what's happening."

"Good," said Len. "Now laugh," and we all dutifully laughed at his remark again.

"I'll call you later," Len said. "It might not be until tomorrow morning. Since it's Friday, I suggest the two of you stay around here and be visible as a couple as much as possible."

I patted Len and Peggy on the back. The women hugged again like old friends would do, and the two of them continued on their walk around the block, beers in hand. Karen came and stood close by me, stroking the back of my hand with hers. I gave her a big smile.

"We've got to eat," she said. "Do you want to do a patio thing or a downtown thing?"

I thought for a moment. "Let's walk down to the Circle and I'll show you one of my favorite haunts. I've been wanting to meet you for weeks. Lynn and you seem to have a great friendship, and now's my time to see what she's so enthusiastic about." Lynn beamed in the compliment.

"What do I wear?" she asked.

"Just change the top for now. A little dressier but not as much as what you wore at work. The place we're going to is pretty casual. Do you have runners? Can you wear Lynn's?"

Karen shrugged and went into the house. I folded up the remnants of my driveway project with the bicycles and went in the house.

Karen appeared from the guest room shaking her head. She had a beautiful top of Lynn's on but was still barefoot. "I can't find casual shoes that fit. Lynn's got smaller feet than I do. I'll look silly if I wear the heels I had on."

"Oh, come with me," I said, and led her into the master bedroom and then the dressing room. "I still have some of my wife's old things." I aimed her at a couple of shoe lockers. "See whether you can find anything in there."

A minute later Karen came into the living room with some of Nancy's faux jewel-encrusted sandals on her feet. My heart twanged to see the long-familiar shoes on someone else. She looked at me. "Are these OK to wear?"

"I can't think of anyone who'd look more beautiful in them," I said quietly.

I grabbed my wallet and a wrap for Karen, my cell phone and off we went at a modest walk to the restaurant area near my home. We walked holding hands, an affectionate gesture that didn't seem wasted on either one of us. 

After we were a couple of blocks away I called Lynn's new cell phone.

"Hi, Love. Karen and I are walking out to the Lido Grille. According to Len, we're supposed to be visible as a couple, at least for today. How're you doing'?"

"I love you and I'm doing fine. You listen to me; you show Karen EVERY courtesy of the house -- positively EVERYONE you've extended to me. She's a great girl that I love, and I'm sorry it's taken this long for you two to meet. Normally, she has a busy social schedule. Now let me talk to her."

I passed the phone to Karen as we walked along. I was left wondering what Lynn's comments about 'extending every courtesy' meant. Could she have meant ... nah! I was reading too much into her choice of words and emphasis.

Karen's end of the conversation was mostly monosyllabic tones uttered only occasionally into the phone. At one point she launched into ensuring that Lynn knew she was to have the run of her place without reservation. "No secrets," she said. "We'll call you back if we have questions," "OK," and "Goodbye Love."

Karen handed the phone back to me, stopped and pulled me into her and kissed me again with her arms around my neck. "We're going to have fun tonight," she said. 

After the stir in my pants subsided I was now left wondering how to interpret two sets of comments, one from Lynn and one from Karen. Both seemed to be aimed in the same direction -- my bedroom.

We sat close at the restaurant looking out at the sidewalk as throngs of people milled around the exclusive shopping and restaurant area. I kept looking for someone who looked like the Doug I thought I'd seen in the car only a few hours earlier, but I stopped looking after seeing ten people I thought it could be. Everyone had on a red baseball cap.

Karen wrapped herself around me in a comfortable public display of affection. We kissed and nuzzled frequently. I was getting used to this. Karen pulled my life history out of me in whispered tones. She was a good interviewer; I could sense her human resource skills coming to play as we talked. I gave up a lot of information but felt good about sharing it with her.

Eventually, I turned the table on her. I learned she was single, thirty-five, available but not dating anyone seriously (too many married men around), from Connecticut, schooled at Principia and had been a free spirit and free thinker on the Sarasota scene for ten years. She'd come to Sarasota to be near an uncle that had died a few years ago.

We lingered over our meals and wine as we ate, fully engaged in each other's company, and in the spirit of intrigue the evening was providing us. We kept in body contact of some kind for the whole meal much the way Lynn and I had when we'd first met. When we were through I led her over to Ben and Jerry's and as we strolled home we both had an ice cream. 

As we walked over one of the causeways, Lynn's old brown Chevrolet passed us in the heavy traffic. It was closer now; there was no doubt that was the car. Unfortunately, I couldn't see the driver. I didn't really react until it was long past. I told Karen of the event, and she paled. 

I called Lynn after I saw the car go over the larger bridge into the City. "Guess who just drove past me again?" I said as she answered the phone.

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"I couldn't see the driver, but there's no doubt that it's your car. It sure is getting a lot of Ohio to Sarasota mileage on it this year!" 

"Yea!" she said, "Just what I needed - a pain in the ass that keeps following me from five states away. Did you hear any more from Len?"

"No, we're not home yet -- ten minutes. I'll call if he's left any messages or news."

"OK. Love you," she said, "Now go and TAKE CARE OF KAREN ... in your special ways, and I REALLY mean that." The phone went dead before I could say another word. Hummm, I thought.

Both Karen and I had nursed our ice creams. We sat close to one another on the front steps finishing our dishes. She took the refuse and disappeared inside. A minute later she returned, sat with me for a bit and then stood and pulled me up and inside the house. Our show for the outside world was over.

As we walked into the dimly lit living room, Karen stopped me in mid stride. She said, "I want you to stand here and shut your eyes. You have to promise me you won't open your eyes without permission. OK?" I agreed. For a flash of a second, I thought that this was exactly the spot where I seduced Lynn periodically.

Then, I felt it, a feminine tongue sliding up my neck to my left ear. "Oh, wow!" I vocalized. "I'm not sure we should be doing this. I mean Lynn ..."

"Shusssss!" Karen whispered, "Didn't Lynn tell you to afford me with EVERY specialty of the house? Didn't she tell you to TAKE CARE of me?"

"Well, yes, but I'm not sure that this is what she meant," I offered as a weak defense to her sensuous ministrations.

"Well, I'm sure that this is EXACTLY what she meant," Karen said. She moved in front of me, and her tongue pushed my lips apart and we started our first French kiss together.

At the end of the soul-searing kiss we shared, I pulled her away and broke my promise not to open my eyes. "Did the two of you plan this?" I asked.

"NO," Karen protested. "But we are taking advantage of the situation. I'm nervous about her exhusband and what he might do; I'm worried about Lynn; but I'm glad we got to switch with you for tonight. I've heard ALL about you from her. You're unique, and I want to get to know you better. No strings -- just pleasure." She smiled and then leaned in a kissed me. Now, I had no doubt about what Lynn meant over the phone.

I said, "Wait here. Don't move." I slipped into the kitchen and downed a Cialis tablet. I returned to where I'd been standing. Karen hadn't moved. I leaned in and delivered my own steamy kiss to her lips and then ran my tongue down her neck to the top of her exposed cleavage. She sighed and returned the favor, reminding me that I was to keep my eyes shut.

Karen was more assertive than Lynn. In only a few minutes, she had dropped my pants and had my cock in her mouth. I allowed her attentions to pleasure me then said that I really wanted equal time with her and that we had way too many clothes on. She agreed, and I led her into the master bedroom.

We took turns stripping each other. As I finished my duties, I marveled that here I was in my mid-fifties and about to have sex with a second beautiful woman in one day. How lucky is that! Hurry Cialis, do your stuff.

Things got wet and wonderful after that point. We got into a sixty-nine position for a long time as I savored Karen's wonderful juices and manicured playground and she played with me. 

Karen finally switched around and pulled me over her. "It's time. NOW. Please," she begged as she opened her body to me.

Oh, God, what a beautiful body, I thought. Karen said quietly, "Thank you." I guess I'd had that thought out loud.

I was no longer in a playing mood -- I was mission oriented. My mission was to provide the two of us mind-blowing orgasms in a short time. We started pumping into each other with special rotations, grinding of hips, sucking of breasts and nipples, and touching of each other's genitals as we exposed them to each other during our thrusts.

I massaged Karen to a small climax with my thumb on her clitoris. I held off and enjoyed the motion of her breasts, hips, and legs as she came. We picked up again. She whispered, "Next time, we do it together. OK?" I nodded.

The minutes of us moving together sped by. I was enraptured by those moments of heaven. Then, I felt the signals that told me it was time. I whispered to Karen, "I'm pretty close. How're you doing'?"

"I'll be there when you are," she gasped back as a bead of perspiration rolled down her cheek.

"Then let's get serious about this," I said and picked up the pace and intensity of our fucking.

"Oh, dear God," Karen said with effort as she got into the same pace with me. "This is ... magnificent. You ... are magnificent." Little shrieks of "Oh" started to erupt from her throat as we thrust into each other. The got closer together as our thrusts sped up.

We pounded into each other, and then I felt my body go on automatic. I couldn't stop if I'd wanted to. The jets of cum started coursing through the complex plumbing system inside me, creating heavenly sensations as they rushed to my rod. 

Then, I felt similar sensations to what Lynn did when she came. Karen's vaginal muscles started to clench my cock and milk it to accelerate the arrival of my sperm deep into her body. As the first jet of fluid washed over the interior walls of her tunnel, our backs arched and we made our final thrusts into one another. I delivered four or five stronger pulsing jets of fluid into her body before I sank down and again smothered her with kisses and oral attention to the upper part of her body and her face. 
