 Those three years were a blur. Even now my brain has trouble grasping the significance of what we did and the impact it had on all of our lives. Fortunately, each of us walked away from that time a better person – in many ways. I ended up with some dents, but overall better.

Trish had gone back to work about a year before all this started. She was a computer systems analyst specializing in logistics systems. At the time, the field was dominated by males and she said she loved the ratio of men to women at her work – basically Trish and a hundred guys. 

About that time, we learned about Maslow's levels – simply put: safety, security, esteem, and self-actualization. Trish was self-actualizing every second of every day. She was indestructible. She'd just received a great review from her boss, been promoted and given significant responsibilities, and was fully into being Super-Mom with our two kids and Super-Wife to me. 

Trish was a knock out too (even today, these years later). She was thin in the hips, even after having our two kids, and was nicely endowed upstairs. She was a simple gal and seldom used make-up; she didn't have to – her skin was like peaches and cream. Trish was five-foot six-inches tall with raven dark hair that had a natural luster to it. At the time, her hair was shoulder length.

Trish's main strength was her brain. She was a genius. She loved analytics and solving tough problems. She could work through the intricacies of a difficult problem and find really clever and novel ways to solve them – whether at home or at work. Plus, she had a sense of humor and she loved me.

Then John came on the scene! John was a freewheeling six-foot, red head, about a year older than Trish; a good looking guy that had been separated from his wife for a year and was in the midst of the divorce. Trish and John both had birthdays early in the year and had started teasing each other about who was older and more decrepit, even though we were all in our early thirties. They started sharing lunches together and as spring arrived in the northeast they started to take long walks and have long talks together. John came to the house a couple of times for dinner before all this starred. I found him a delightful and engaging friend. One summer day he brought his two boys that were about the same age as our two girls; they kids got along great.

One night in late summer, when Trish and I were basking in the after-glow of some good sex, Trish asked if I ever had sexual fantasies. At the time we were influenced by several books we'd read by an author named Robert Rimmer. His books often revolved around a wonderful and peaceful family setting involving multiple men and women that all loved each other – and had frequent sex with each other, including in group settings. The books were a rush and so, I guess if I had to claim a fantasy, it was that our life would start to look like the characters in one of Rimmer's novels like "The Harrad Experiment". 

Of course, I asked her what her fantasies were. She allowed as how she'd like my permission to kick her fantasies about John up a notch. I asked what that meant, and she said they had briefly kissed and she was intrigued about where it might lead if she let it all go further. These were not fantasies; this was a real emergent situation – an affair in the making. 

I told her I had reservations, particularly about how it would impact our relationship. She assured me that she loved me and that nothing would change that – even if things got heated with John. Besides, she said, we could create our own Harrad Experiment.

While I'd expressed reservations during our brief talk in bed, I also had developed a hard-on that demanded attention again. So, although unusual, we made love for a second time that night. We had the windows open and I am sure the neighbors knew that we both had top-notch climaxes since we both were extremely vocal about our crescendos. 

I had wonderful sexual dreams that night. In the morning, I told Trish that we had to be inclusive about John. She couldn't just go off with him and play whatever games she had in mind without including me in that circle. Similarly, if I met someone, I'd include her in some way. I told her we should aim to create a Rimmer-like situation for ourselves. I suggested we see if there was a woman or couple that could join as well since I didn't fancy myself in any kind of any sexual relationship with John. She agreed whole-heartedly and we both headed off to work.

A few days later Trish called me at work and said that John was coming for dinner that night and was bringing a girl friend. A few hours later, at home, I was pouring wine for Trish and myself, when John and Loren arrived. Loren was single, but was just coming out of a long-term relationship. She, too, was working in the information technology industry as a business systems analyst, but not at the same company as Trish and John.

Loren was a sweetheart, about thirty with the look and build of a super-model, however, with a magnificent chest and dark hair halfway to her waist. Her face had an angelic look to it and eyes that just drew you into her soul. She was wearing a scoop-necked top that accentuated her breasts. Mother had always told me to look a woman in her eyes, and I did; but occasionally when I was sure no one was looking I leered at Loren's chest and had short fantasies of burying my face in her cleavage. Further, I'd had a fetish about long hair since I can ever remember, although I was never sure what I'd do if I found someone romantically or sexually that had it. All my serious girl friends in the past, not to mention my wife, had shorter hair. 

We all drank cheap wine, and shared a salad and a large pizza. We sat around and talked and talked until finally both John and Loren said they had to go. We all hugged and kissed good-bye, paying much greater attention to the opposite sex. New friends. Good friends. We had all bonded with one another - sharing stories, and values and learning about each other. We set plans to get together on Saturday night and do more of a dinner than the pizza we had just shared. 

Later after they had left, Trish asked me if I thought I would like to have a "relationship" with Loren. The implication was clear. While Trish and John were going to do whatever they were going to do, Loren and I could do whatever we wanted to do. The pathway to a sexual foursome was being created as we talked and I agreed that Loren was indeed the kind of person that would be nice to have a relationship with. With looks alone, I'd jump at the chance to bed her; and she had a beautiful personality to go with the rest of the package.

A few days later, on Friday night, after I had put the kids to bed, Trish and I sat outside to have a second glass of wine. She confided in me that she and John had taken a long lunch in John's car at a nearby recreational area that included about forty-five minutes of making out and heavy petting. She admitted that he had really cranked up her temperature and that she was not only Super-Wife tonight, she was super horny. After hearing some of the details, I too needed some relief.

She said they had taken some sandwiches and drinks up to the reservoir and parked looking out over the water. Unusual for mid-day, she said that no one was around. After lunch, she apparently had had some food on her face. John had leaned over to wipe it off, but then decided to lick it off in a sensual way. She said she thought he was leaning in for a kiss, so she leaned into him. The crumb on her face was quickly forgotten as their two mouths joined, with tongues enjoying the sensation of finding new areas to explore. 

She said they did this for quite a while and then John started stroking her arms, then her neck, and then the area between her belt and her bra. She said she was going crazy and really wanted him to stroke her breasts. So finally, she said she grabbed his hand and put it atop her breasts - outside her clothing. She said the two of them continued making out and petting until another car pulled up near them. At that point they decided they needed to get back to work, so they stopped making out, took deep breaths, adjusted themselves and headed to work with an unspoken promise of more to come.

By the time she finished telling me her story, I too was panting. It seemed like a good time to leave the backyard for softer and more private quarters.

We chugged out wine, went upstairs, locked the bedroom door and I slowly stripped Trish of every piece of clothing she was wearing, carefully licking in a sensuous way each new area of exposed skin that appeared. By the time she was nude, she was pleading with me to make love to her. Instead, I moved into the last area I had yet to pay homage to. I then spent about a quarter hour making passionate love to her lovely pussy, with occasional forays back up her front to her breasts, neck and lips. Most of the time she had her legs over my shoulders and was stroking my head, occasionally pushing me into her cunt lips with great force.

Trish reached a point where she was popping off small orgasms every few seconds. If you'd focused on the sounds emanating from our house that night, you would have heard a series of moans interspersed by little shrieks of joy and ecstasy. 

Eventually I could wait no longer either, and I lay down next to her and pulled her over on top of me. I'd always loved this position since I could make love to her breasts even while deeply inserted into her. Tonight was no exception. She straddled me and sank down the full length of my cock in one swift movement. She then started to ride me for all she was worth. Her moans and little shrieks continued, particularly while I sucked on her beautiful breasts. Finally, in one rapid series of strokes initiated by the two of us we both came with more shrieks of abandon and enjoyment. We both cuddled on our sides with me still buried in her cunt as we caught our breath, still kissing and licking each other. We'd worked up a bit of a sweat and both felt slick and rosy.

After cleaning each other up with the washcloths we kept in the bedside table, we put on shorts and tee shirts and went back downstairs to have some more wine. We sat outside in the dark again. Trish noted that when John and Loren came over the next night, that this might be the time to see if they both wanted to be in a foursome. She said she was sure about John based on what had happened that afternoon, but was uncertain about Loren's inclination. She said she thought that John could talk her into just about anything, since she thought they had been fuck buddies before Loren's now dead relationship. I had to admit that I was up for the event, although it was certainly pushing me into a highly anxious state of both anticipation and worry about the impact on our relationship.

As we continued to talk, we both got worked up again. I knelt in front of Trish and pulled her t-shirt up so I could reach her pussy. I started licking her clitoris with the very tip of my tongue. She was still so sensitive from our earlier session that she immediately started to moan and make little high-pitched squeaks as I administered to her. After only a minute or two of this she pulled me up and over to the patio couch. She yanked down my boxes and went down on my cock – completely. I'd never had her deep throat me before, so this was a first. She rose and fell for a few moments until I signaled to her that she should come up and couple with me. She faced me and sank down on my cock. We both removed our shirts and the kissing, licking and sucking started again. This time we were more focused on the result, so in only a couple of minutes we both came with eye-popping orgasms. If the neighbors had been able to look through the trees to our dark porch, oh what a show they would have seen. We continued to cuddle on the couch until we both admitted that sleep would be a lovely way to top off our evening. We uncoupled, picked up our clothing, and both walked naked through the house and up to bed for the night.

###

Saturday morning we woke up to a two-year old and a five-year old jumping on top of us. The room was all giggles and laughter as we got up and got ready for what was to prove an exciting day. Trish helped the kids pack some overnight bags and toys since they were off to her parent's home for an overnight. While she was gone with the kids I worked on my "honey do" list.

To tell the truth, I would have done anything that took my mind off of what might happen that evening when John and Loren came over. I was bundle of sexual energy. I'm sure that I was glowing with the heat emanating from that part of my brain. 

I was extremely nervous – on two counts. First, I was really concerned about what a new relationship was going to mean to our twelve-year marriage. We'd gotten married quite young; Trish was actually a teenager. Both of us were inexperienced about sex then, however, we had read widely and watched some stimulating porn to broaden our horizons over those years. None of that was a substitute for the real thing, but we sure liked watching and reading about it. Then, too, there were the books like the Harrad Experiment.

The world had gone through a sexual revolution between the time I was raised and this weekend full of promise and angst at the same time. I kept thinking about how I had been raised to equate sex with love, and love with marriage. Now, I tried to tell myself, the three could be considered independently of one another, or in interesting combinations. One could still be "faithful" but have sex with others. Love could be shared more broadly than with just one person. Marriage could involve more than two adults. Gender didn't matter. All of these thoughts kept my mind occupied that Saturday afternoon.

My second concern was that I was so nervous and worked up over the coming evening that I wouldn't be able to perform like the master I knew I was. I couldn't do much about this, except I did resolve to moderate my drinking which often had an adverse affect on my staying power. Right at that moment, however, I was thinking that a bottle of bourbon was just what I needed to calm my nerves.

The day went agonizingly slow. Trish returned with groceries and some wine, and she started cooking a serious meal for the four of us. When I pointed out to her that the amount of food she was cooking might feed a small battalion, she admitted that she hadn't even noticed how much she was preparing. She was nervous too! We kissed and admitted our love for each other; again pledging that whatever happened would not change our marriage or relationship. 

I think we liked talking about the subject of our relationship and what might happen sexually between the two of us and our friends. We had fallen into a point in our relationship where we didn't examine the relationship much and certainly to the point where making love was a two or three times a week routine. 

This emerging set of parallel and intertwined affairs that this evening was to launch had forced a new and high level of communications upon us that we both seemed to relish. Certainly, the frequency of our bedtime romps had increased in the past month or so – exponentially!

Late in the afternoon, I slipped off for seven-mile run that did calm my nerves - slightly. I shaved, showered, put on shorts and a sport shirt, and arrived in the living room just as the doorbell rang.

John and Loren came in as I held the door. I got a firm handshake from John as well as a bottle of fine wine. Loren, on the other hand, gave me a short kiss, followed by a longer, smoldering kiss that gave me a twinge in my groin and left no doubt in my mind about where the evening was headed. When I turned around Trish and John were in a lip lock that gave me a penile twinge and a twist in my gut at the same time. 

We all laughed and wound our way through the kitchen to the screened in porch with the chattering that close friends do with each other when they've been apart. On the way, we poured some wine I'd already opened to breath and picked up some of the hors d'oeuvres that Trish had prepared. 

We chatted about no subject for longer than a minute. We all acted like we had adult attention deficit disorder. Trish hovered back and forth between the porch and the kitchen. At one point she asked for help. John jumped to his feet before I could register her request and the two of them disappeared into the kitchen. 

Loren and I were sitting close enough to each other that we could touch hands. We both started stroking each other's palms in what was an exceptionally sensuous gesture. I could tell both our temperatures were becoming elevated. Occasionally one of us would make a remark that could also be taken with a sexual overtone. Some so obvious that we both threw our heads back and laughed after the statement.

Ten minutes later Trish called us in to the dining room table. I noticed that the lipstick she'd put on just before John and Loren arrived had now vanished completely. I felt another dig in my lower tract. Dinner was served.

We continued our banter at the table as the gourmet dinner Trish had prepared disappeared from our plates and the wine that John had brought also vanished. I was finding my mind racing at a thousand miles an hour with many unanswered questions about how we would start, what would happen, who would do what to whom, and such. I had never thought about who initiated something like a foursome. Did it spontaneously explode or did someone yell "Go!"? 

After coffee and a light dessert, I helped clear the last of the dishes from the table and started my clean up chores in the kitchen. Clean up is my contribution in the division of labor in the household when we have formal dinners. This time it went very quickly, however, for everyone helped. I washed, John dried, Loren packed away the leftovers, and Trish was putting away. We were done in record time.

I brought our some liqueurs and passed out some Drambuies and Grand Marniers to our foursome. We all moved into the family room of our house.

The room had two facing sofas. John and Trish took one and Loren and I the other. We dimmed the lights to their lowest level and sat sipping our drinks in the near darkness. Next I knew, John and Trish were kissing and so were Loren and I. 

I had decided to pace or lag behind where Trish and John were going. I didn't want to make a move that would upset anyone. In a moment or two, I knew that was not an issue. Trish and I made eye contact with one another, smiled, and blew each other a kiss. 

I put my focus on Loren, and we started deep soul kisses. Our tongues swirled around each other's lips and then explored ears and necks. There was a lot of body stroking and heavy breathing going around too.

On one foray, I ran my tongue down Loren's neck deep into the cleavage of her dress. I then brought my mouth over the apparent location of a nipple and blew hot air through her blouse and lingerie. In a moment, I was rewarded as I felt the nubbin rise in an excited state. Loren moaned and held my head to the point.

I undid a couple of buttons that then afforded me an even greater landscape to explore with my tongue. I did just that, finally, as I opened still more buttons, licking into the band of skin between her belt and gossamer bra. Even in the dim light I could see Loren's aureoles and hardened nipples through the thin material.

Loren then turned the table on me. She leaned into me and started unbuttoning my sport shirt. After blowing and licking my ears, her tongue started to run down my neck and to my chest and nipples. Wow! It was electric. No one had ever sucked on my nipples that way. Suddenly I had the urge to merge in a big way.

