 Chapter 4 --Confrontation and How Our Threesome Starts

My automatic clock went off right on cue. I awoke to find a beautiful warm body next to me with her tousled locks of black hair splayed out around her pretty face. This was Karen, the best friend of my much younger girlfriend Lynn.

I reveled in the thought of how Karen happened to be in my bed and even how I happened to have a relationship with Lynn. Lynn was fleeing her abusive alcoholic husband in Ohio and ended on my doorstep in Sarasota because via a friend I'd offered to help her find a job, a place to live, and so on, in a new city. She'd gotten a job at the same place Karen worked and the two of them were best friends. Then, only yesterday, her ex-husband had apparently driven by the house looking for her. We all went on alert and one response was that Karen and Lynn traded places -- Lynn going to Karen's apartment and Karen coming home to me. Based on some wishes and fantasies of the two of them, Karen promptly ended up in my bed and we made love. Now I apparently had two loves in my life.

I nudged Karen and she rose in the dark, the nightlight from the bath bathing her naked body in an eerie light that accentuated all her angles and curves. She was as exciting to stare at as Lynn was.

I found one of Lynn's running suits and Karen put it on over her lithe body without anything underneath. It was already getting hard to concentrate and we hadn't even reached the beach yet.

At the beach, the sky was turning a dark blue rather than black when I settled into my meditation position and tried to clear my head. Karen sat about fifty feet away from me on the empty beach. She had slipped right into a lotus position; now the ability to do THAT is an age thing!

I let my thoughts initially scroll through the situation we were facing with Lynn and her ex-husband. After I had explored what I knew about the 'facts' of the situation, I mentally turned the matter over the Universe. My mind went blank yet I knew I was alert to the sounds of the surf and the occasional squawk of a gull or sandpiper.

I wasn't sure I heard the messages correctly for they were the same as the ones I heard before: "Talk to your friends. Go and help someone else. Give love unconditionally." 

I reopened my eyes to find Karen had moved right next to me without my even being aware of it. She was looking lovingly at me. "You asked for help and got an answer didn't you?" she inquired.

"Yes." I told her my three messages and that they were not new. 

"If that's what the Universe says then that's how we'll act." Karen rose and gave me a hand up. We walked down to the end of the beach through the incoming tide before we returned to the car and drove home.

Karen made a display of herself picking some dead buds off some of the flower by the front door before she came into the house through the garage. We closed up the garage and went inside. 

"Well, this is a bed and breakfast. Which would you like?" I joked.

"Oh, tough choices, tough choices. I vote for 'bed'."

We padded off to the bedroom, unveiling our bodies again. By the time we hit the bed we were both nude and eager for each other's kisses. I made tender love with my mouth and fingers to Karen's pussy and surrounding area. With her help I found her G-spot and added that to the repertoire of tricks I could use to excite her. I brought her to four orgasms over a fifteen-minute period before she pulled me up to be next to her. I nestled in between her generous breasts on the way up, licking and sucking with avid attention to her mammalaries. 

Karen pushed me off of her and then bent over me, sucking my partially inflated cock into her mouth. In seconds she had me rock hard and buried fully in her mouth. She started to bring me off and I gestured that I preferred her pussy. Karen rose up over me and buried my cock in her pussy in one smooth move.

"Do you like looking at my body fucking your big cock?" she asked. "I love the feel of your cock in my cunt. I think it's the biggest dick I've ever had. Ooooooh, you give such pleasure. You're right on my clit. Oh God, you're stroking my G-spot with your cock. Oooooh. Oh I can feel an orgasm sitting waiting to happen."

She went on talking dirty and it inspired me to thrust harder into her body, almost throwing her into the air on some upward thrusts. "Imagine Lynn and me fucking you now. Can you imagine two warm vaginas ready for you to fuck -- ready for you to jet your cum into. Oh, we'd love it. Oh God, you're bringing me to another orgasm. Ooooooooooh," and Karen's body arched in a fifth orgasm. I was still able to hold off.

"Oh you nasty man," she admonished, "you held off. I want your spunk deep in my cunt right now. Deliver. Deliver to me. I want your cum -- I'll take it anyway you want to give it to me. In my cunt. In my mouth. In my ass. Have you ever fucked anyone in the ass?"

I shook my head in the negative.

"Maybe Lynn and I will give you our virgin asses sometime soon. I hear its quite exciting for a guy to cum in someone's ass. The feeling is different, tighter, and more virginal. Do you want our virgin asses?"

I shook my head in the positive and thrust mightily into her body.

"Oh, God you feel so good stroking back and forth in me. I love your cock. I can see why Lynn loves your cock. I could be sucking on Lynn's pussy while you pound in me. Or you could be fucking Lynn and she could lean over an put her tongue in my pussy and bring me off just the way you were doing a minute ago. Or I could sit on your face while Lynn rides y ou hard rod."

"Oh God, I'm going to cum again," Karen groaned in her pleasure. This time I couldn't resist and as soon as I felt her pussy muscles contract I exploded into her body with jet after jet of man juice."

Like Lynn, Karen also ejaculated as I did, flooding my groin area with a small shot of liquid girl cum. "Oh God, I can't believe you made me cum like that. Oh I am going to do so many nice things for Lynn for sharing you with me. You are fantastic." Karen fell on me and showered me with kisses and tongue action.

As our highs subsided I slid out of Karen and pulled her next to me for some 'after play'. I happen to like to cuddle after sex and apparently she did too. We cooed and awed into each other for another half hour.

Ultimately I led her into the large walk-in shower and we washed each other very carefully. We both dressed in casual clothes and opted for the 'breakfast' portion of Jim's Bed and Breakfast. We had breakfast on the patio where we were visible to about eight other homes as well as anyone that might have been hiding in the bushes somewhere.

We'd just cleared the dishes when the phone rang. I checked Caller ID and it was Len, my neighbor that had been the Chicago cop. I picked up, "Hi Len."

"Hi Jim. Any news? I have a couple of things for you.

I started, "Well for one, we saw the car drive by last night when we walked down to the Circle for dinner. He was out there watching us somehow. I wish I knew what he looked like. I really couldn't see the driver."

Len said, "I'll e-mail you a mug shot of the guy. It's old. He had a two DUI's in one year about a decade ago so there are shots."

"That's great," I injected.

He went on, "Here's what I found from a couple of perspectives. First, we can pick the guy up for violating his restraining order, although since he hasn't approached Lynn directly that's apt to lead nowhere right now other than a short detention and then he's back on the street and probably even more of a problem. So we can watch and wait and hope we catch any confrontation while it's still that and not anything more serious."

"Go on," I urged.

"Next, you're friends with a lot of the neighbors -- me included. I think we could be a motivating force if there was any kind of confrontation. I also have the local police on notice; you'll probably see more of them in the neighborhood today and for the week."

"You mean vigilante action?"

"No, not at all. Just if a lot of us were around when Lynn was, the guy might feel the pressure to make nice or even just disappear."

"I have a question that may be dumb. What would happen if Lynn and this guy met and cleared the air? Do you think he'd go away if he had some closure on their marriage?" I asked.

"Can't tell, but it's a thought. I don't think I'd do it unless there's a lot of protection around -- like the neighbors as I just said, or if there's someway to contain the guy."

"OK. I get it. I think I'll have Lynn come home. Can you put folks on alert and keep an eye on us yourself. I'll owe you."

"Absolutely. Talk to you later."

Karen shot me a questioning glance as I hung up. I told her what Len had said. 

"Let me call Lynn," Karen said with a slightly lecherous tone to her voice.

I passed the phone to her and she disappeared into the living room with it. She came back about fifteen minutes later and kissed me on the cheek as I sat in the kitchen nursing a cup of coffee and reading a magazine.

"She'll be here in about an hour. She'll call when she crosses the bridge and she'll keep an eye out for the brown Chevy. She knows the car well she said." Karen paused. "And, to set your mind at ease, she's cool with everything that happened here last night and this morning."

My eyebrows went up. She gave me a big grin and kissed me again. "Now," she said, "how do I wash up the bed linen? I think I leaked all over everything last night and this morning." I showed her and she busied herself with the housework for a while.

Lynn called about an hour later on her way into the neighborhood. Karen and I walked outside and puttered around the front yard. I made to point things out to her while I scanned all of the neighboring yards. Suddenly, I thought I saw a shadow pull back from the second floor of a house under construction about three doors down. If Doug was in there and had so much as a pinhole in the unfinished plywood siding, he could watch the house with impunity and no one would be able to tell.

As Lynn pulled into my circular driveway, Karen and I surrounded her with hugs and a warm welcome home. We stood and talked outside quite intentionally so that if Doug were watching, he would know without doubt that she was in the house. Eventually, we went inside got coffee for everyone then sat around the pool.

Just after lunch, Len called. "Everyone is lined up and he's in the neighborhood somewhere. The car is parked where we saw it yesterday afternoon and no one is in it."

"I think I know where he's watching us from," I told Len. "I think he's up on the second story of that house under construction about three lots down from mine. He'd have a good view of about everything from there."

"Wow," Len said, "I bet you're right. What do you want to do?"

"I want to meet the guy and see what he's about? Is he drunk? Mad? Angry? Homicidal? Just what gives?" I stated.

"You gutsy enough to walk into the house and confront the guy?" Len asked.

"If I felt I had some folks watching my 'six' I would," I shot back.

"I'll call you back," Len said and hung up.

I went and told the girls what was being set up. Lynn looked anxious and said, "He's unpredictable. He won't kill you, but he could hurt you if he's ripping mad. He broke some guys arm in a bar fight one night."

I shrugged. I wanted our lives back. Living in fear of Doug was not a way I wanted to face the future. Further, I was now highly motivated since I could have these two beautiful women in my bed if I could only survive the afternoon. I gave a large sigh.

The phone rang again; it was Len. He told me to go down to the house now if I was still inclined to do so. I said I was and I'd be out the door in about two minutes. I turned and told the women to lock the door behind me and started sauntering down the street towards the construction site.

It was then I noticed that every neighbor between my house and the site was out tending their gardens -- and a few on the other side of the site too. I glanced back over my shoulder and saw a Sarasota Police car parked almost out of site just where the road curved -- inconspicuous but visible. I saw Len and Peggy slowly walking in my direction too.

I walked to the construction site and then turned and walked up a makeshift ramp to the gaping hole where a front door would eventually go. As I entered the raw house, I shouted upstairs, "Doug! Doug Seaburn. I'm Jim Rice. I'd like to talk if you you're willing." I repeated myself several times.

"How the fuck did you know I was here?" floated down from upstairs.

"Well," I laughed, "I could ask you the same question. How'd you find Lynn this time?"

"I'll trade you," the disembodied voice said.

"OK. I saw a shadow up there this morning and guessed it was you. Before that I saw the old brown Chevy a couple of times so I knew you were in town. Now you."

"You left me Marilyn's old cell phone. Eventually I figured out that it stored the numbers she called. I did reverse look up on the Internet and found your address. I just wasn't sure whether she was here or not, then I saw you and the other babe yesterday. I had nowhere else to look so I was just hanging around here hoping Lynn would show up."

"Did you see her this morning?" I asked.

"Yea. I know she's in there."

"What are your intentions? You know she has a final restraining order against you?" I stated calmly.

"I wanted to talk to her; to see if I couldn't talk her into coming back home. I miss her." He actually sounded sad rather than mad.

"Come on downstairs and let's talk face to face. I mean you no harm and I'm not here to arrest you or anything else. What I want is peace in all of this situation." Upstairs I heard a heavy bulk stand up, walk across the plywood floor and then Doug appeared coming down the temporary stairway.

I held out my hand in a gesture of friendship, he looked skeptical but shook it. "Nice to meet you," I said in a friendly voice, "although you've thrown Lynn into a tizzy. She has been pretty consistent in our chats about wanting to put you and the past years behind her and move on. I think there was a small matter of spousal abuse that she mentioned several times."

"Yea. I lose my temper and she knows how to push my buttons," he said belligerently. "How do you know her?" he asked.

"My girlfriend is a friend of hers," I responded thinking of Karen and her closeness to Lynn. I didn't want to go further about my own relationship with her.. He seemed satisfied with that answer.

"You been drinking?" I asked. "No one wants any trouble here."

"Not since last night," he said.

"Would you be satisfied talking to Lynn? Would you take her final word and leave if she wanted you to? I know from talking with her that it took her a long time to decide to leave you and Ohio; it wasn't a spur of the moment decision she made."

Doug thought a long time about that. I was silent. Finally he said, "Yea, if she won't come back then I guess I oughta move on. I just gotta know what she's thinkin' -- you know, face to face like."

"OK," I said. "You wait here and we'll try to set something up. I'll be back." I turned and left the building site and walked back to the house. Len and Peggy were leaning against my garage doors; I shot them thumbs up and motioned for them to come into the house. 

Lynn was crying and leapt into my arms as I came through the door. "Are you OK?"

"Oh, I'm fine," I exclaimed. "How're you? Why the tears?"

"I thought you guys might fight," she said. 

"Not my style," I said, "I'm a devout coward and like my beautiful body unscathed and unbroken. I'm the peacemaker."

Lynn sighed and sat back down next to Karen who'd been holding her. The two women together were a vision and fantasy beyond description, although both had been crying.

"Lynn," I said assertively, "Doug would like to talk to you, to see if you won't go home with him. I think he might leave if you were to tell him you were really through, if that's your intent. I think I'd even tell him you've started divorce proceedings; I don't think he knows."

"How would I face him? What if he hit me again?" she shuddered at the thought.

"What if you sat on the curb in front of the house and he sat on the curb across the street?" If he moved on you, some of us would be right there to protect you." Len nodded at her.

She looked hopefully into my eyes, "Do you think this would really end this? I mean he's been a nightmare in my life for seven fucking years." She sobbed again and Karen pulled Lynn to her shoulder.

I went to the couch and pulled her up and embraced her in a bear hug. I motioned for Karen to join us and she did, pulling up tightly behind Lynn. I nodded to Len and Peggy and soon they joined us on either side of Lynn in a large group hug.

Through her tears I heard Lynn say, "OK. Let's get this over with."

The five of us marched outside and I had Lynn sit on the curb near the mailbox. Karen, Len and Peggy stood about ten feet away. I walked down towards the construction site but then saw that Doug was slowly ambling out the door and heading in our direction. I waved him along in our direction. Every yard had a couple of neighbors standing in it watching the unfolding drama.

"Doug," I said as he drew near, "we want you to sit on the curb opposite Lynn. Don't raise you butt off the curb else all hell might break loose around here." I nodded in the direction of the neighbors on both sides of the street. Doug nodded his acquiescence and accepted my leading him to the curb directly opposite Lynn. Lynn was crying again; she had a ball of soggy tissues in her hand.

"Baby," Doug said loud enough for her to hear, "I really want you to come back home with me. I need you. I love you." He actually blushed a little at having to deliver his remarks in front of so many people.

Lynn just shook her head in a definite "No." She kept crying and shaking her head.

"Why Baby? Won't you come with me?" he asked again.

Lynn looked over at him with a look of pity now in her eyes. "You want to know WHY? I've told you why a hundred times -- no, a thousand times or more." She took a deep breath and started in on him with a string of words that had been waiting to come out.

"First, you're the most unfaithful husband anybody in the world could have. You don't give a shit about me or our marriage vows. I've lost track of how many women I know you've fucked while we've been married -- Lori, Jane, Sue, Mary, Darlene from that bar you hang out at, Carmilla, Linda, Barb,-- and those are just a few of the ones I know about. I should have left you years ago just for your indiscretions alone. You don't love me, you want a housekeeper and cook for those times you decide to come home."

"You're also a drunk. You are drunk when you come home almost every night. Most weeks it's every night. Do you think I enjoy having you barf all over the living room or our bedroom? Do you wonder why I sleep somewhere else in the house most nights? You're a filthy, smelly, rotten scoundrel of a drunk. Think how many times I tried to get you to go to AA meetings or just stop drinking. What'd I get in return? NOTHING -- not one bit of effort on your part."

Lynn was getting wound up now. "THIRD," she yelled to get Doug's attention, "you are a wife beater. You are the scum of the earth for this alone." She waved a fist at him. "You are eight inches taller than I am, weigh a hundred pounds more, and can pick me up with one arm if you want. Instead, you feel it's your right and privilege to bang me around whenever you feel like it. For a long time, I thought it was me; I thought you punched me and slapped me because of something I did. Then, not too many months ago, with the help of some friends, I realized that it wasn't right. It wasn't me! It was YOU! You bastard. You're just an ugly bully of man who wants to get his jollies beating up the little woman."
