 Fast forward three months......

It had taken a couple of days for me to come to grip with my 'mini' gangbang on that night at the club. Oh, there were no recriminations from Jack, none at all......it was I who had difficulty dealing with the truth of my slutty behavior that night.

The truth was that I had no remorse about it. None. And that was the struggle for me. I expected to feel shame, embarrassment, and all of that but....nope, none of that popped up on my radar.

I never thought of myself as a slut, but.......

After that night, Jack and I settled into a semi-regular routine of going to the club every couple of weeks, usually on weekends after we'd both had a full week of mind-busting work at our respective careers. Jack traveled in his job. I managed a financial services office for a major investment firm and worked downtown, business travel for me, rare. We continued to party with Bob and Mindy as schedules allowed. They both traveled in their jobs, including some weekends. 

Mindy and I had a couple of 'girls' nights', just the two of us, usually when our husbands were away on business. The more time I spent between another woman's legs, the more I found myself 'noticing' other women in a different way than I had before we started swinging. Before the lifestyle, I rarely noticed other women. 

But, since?

Oh yeah, I noticed other women completely differently after my first taste of pussy.....

"Time to go home, Vicki, we've burned enough midnight oil this week," I called out to my assistant who was finishing up our end of the quarterly report for the home office.

"Give me another twenty minutes?" Vicki called back, "Then this bad boy will finally be finished, okay?"

"Okay, kiddo, you've got it," I replied with a smile as I began clearing my crowded desktop.

Vicki had been with me, with the company, a little over three years, starting as an intern while in college in her senior year, working her way through the ranks quickly to a Senior Analyst and my assistant.

Didn't really know much about her private life away from the office. We were 'work-place' close but had never socialized away from the office. It wasn't until I discovered girl-girl sex with Mindy and Marge, that I noticed 'things' about Vicki, things that had escaped my radar before then.

She, Vicki, was 'cute', not a ravashing beauty in the classic, movie-star sense but, 'cute' in a pleasing fashion. She was a few inches taller than I and a few pounds heavier but just right for her height and build. She worked out a few times a week, I knew, because on those days that she did, she brought a gym bag into work with her.

Vicki dressed appropriately for the workplace, tasteful, professional, in outfits that favored her in every way. 

What I had NOT noticed before indulging my bisexual urges-yes, I had tagged myself now, as bisexual-was how she did whatever she could to curry favor with me, from me. Coffee brought without my asking, subtle compliments of my attire, of my ideas when discussing workplace issues, that sort of thing.

She was not overt in her attempts to garner my attention, never 'brown-nosing' me so's that others would notice and ridicule her for it. No, as I said, those moments were usually between her and I in the privacy of conversation or in my office.

"Ms. Williams?" I heard Vicki's voice call from the doorway of my office as I was finishing with the clearing of my desk.

"Vicki, for the umpteenth time, after hours, it's Shari.....please?" the smile on my face reflecting her refusal to address me on a first name basis, even when it was just she and I in the office.

"Yes ma'am,...I mean, okay...Shari...I'm finished, the report is ready for transmittal to the home office, Ms..., I mean, Shari."

"Great work, kiddo....take a seat for a sec, take a load off, you've earned it," I replied and meaning every word of it. The kid really worked her ass off on this report.

Vicki sat in one of the two leather chairs that faced my desk, her eyes closing for a brief second or two, the stress almost able to be seen as it left her body.

"Any plans for tomorrow evening?" I asked as I put away the last of my desktop clutter.

"Tomorrow? No....I mean, it's my regular gym night but that's not set in stone, why?" She responded, her eyes hard to my face.

"Tell your boyfriend you'll be a bit late tomorrow night, you have a dinner date.....with me," I smilingly replied.

"I don't have a boyfriend, but, dinner?" Vicki responded, her face scrunched up in confusion.

"Yes, dinner......look, you've busted your tail this quarter and I appreciate it, so, I'm taking you to dinner. Jack's out of town, I'd be eating alone anyway and...well, fuck it, girl, we've earned the downtime," I explained.

She 'almost' blushed at my frank words, but smiled at me, nevertheless.

"Ms....I mean, Shari, thank you but you don't have to......"

"Yes. Yes, I do, Vicki.....I know what it's like to be under-appreciated in a male-dominated workplace and I vowed never to do that when I became a manager," I explained, my face serious, "So.....your hard work has been noticed, appreciated and I'm taking you out, got it?"

"Yes ma'am," was all she said.

"And quit the ma'am crap, girl.....I may be your boss but I'm not your mother," I jokingly chided her.

She finally laughed, well, chuckled is more like it.

"I'll even give you a choice....you pick the restaurant or....if you trust me not to poison you, I'll cook us up something at my place," I offered, saying further, "I can be a bitch at work sweetie, but at home? in my kitchen? I'm pure goddess."

"Oh no, I don't want you to go to the trouble of cooking for me," She demurely said.

"No trouble, I find it relaxing actually, well, that and the wine I sip as 'cook's helper'," I joked.

"Actually, I'd prefer a relaxing dinner at your place to another couple of hours in business clothes after a day at work," she replied, "but, only if you let me help you," She conceded.

"Done....you ride the light-rail line to work, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Okay.....plan on riding with me after work and I'll get you home after dinner, okay?" I suggested.

"Okay, if it wouldn't be any trouble," She agreed.

"No trouble...good, it's a date then?" I answered and asked.

"It's a date," she confirmed, a smile on her face and her green eyes twinkling.

"Oh, Vicki?" I added while standing to gather my things for the trip home, "bring some kick-back clothes. You can change at my place because I know, after a day in heels and business attire, I'm always ready to get comfy."

"In fact," I added, "Toss in a swim suit and we veg in the hottub while dinner's cooking. We'll have ourselves a real 'girls' night', okay?"

Yes, Jack and I added a hottub to our deck. I suggested it after my threesome with Bob and Mindy and he was all for it.

Now, when I suggested dinner and hottubbing at my place, I swear to God that I had no ulterior motives other than rewarding her for all of the hard work she does for me. She helps me look good to the suits above, that's the truth of the matter. I had no motives or thoughts of anything other than dinner and relaxing but, as I was to find out, that would change.........

"So, I've prepped most of dinner already," I explained to Vicki as I drove us to my place after work, "a few finishing touches that you can help with and we'll let the oven do the work while we watch the sunset from the hottub. Sound good?"

"Sounds great," she replied with enthusiasm and a great smile. 

The remaining fifteen minutes of our commute was spent just chit-chatting about anything and everything except work. That was off the board tonight, I had told her.

She lived alone, in her owned condo, I found out, both of her parents gone, having passed during her junior year at college in a terrible automobile accident. She had had only two relationships that remotely resembled boyfriend/girlfriend status but, they hadn't lasted. She didn't think much about that, she had said, choosing, instead, to focus on her chosen career.

"You can change in here, if you'd like," I said, leading her to a spare bedroom just down the hall from my master bedroom, "it has its own bathroom and all; I'll meet you in the kitchen after I've changed."

"Okey-dokey," was her cute reply.

I changed into a pair of shorts and a plain tee, leaving my bras in the drawer of the walk-in closet. Stepping into my master bathroom, I took a couple of quick hits off of a doobie that I had saved.

Since hooking up with Bob and Mindy, Jack and I smoked a bit more herb and I had even scored a bit from Mindy. I wasn't going to smoke with Vicki, I had decided, knowing it to be a bad idea as her boss. But, I wanted to be fully relaxed. It had been a hard two weeks at the job.

"Tell you what, you handle the salad making and I'll get the casserole into the oven," I said to Vicki when she joined me in the kitchen, "Pick a wine also if you would and pour us a couple of glasses," nodding to the wine and glasses already on the counter.

"Red or white?" She asked as she began tossing the salad and fixings.

"I'm not a wine snob but we're having a beef dish so I would say, Red?" I answered.

"Red it is," she replied as she put the finishing touches to the salad. Putting the salad into the fridge to chill properly, she opened, then poured us a couple of glasses of a really nice Cab.

"To us," I said as I touched the rim of my glass to hers.

"To us," she replied, her eyes quickly darting away from my face as she sipped.

"So, I think we should drink wine, listen to good music and save the hottubbing until after we've eaten," I suggested, "once we hit the tub, we may not want to leave it to eat," I added with a giggle.

A giggle? I don't fucking giggle. Who was that woman who just giggled? I wondered to myself.

An hour and a half later, we were finished with the clean-up after dinner, loading the last dishes into the dishwasher and opening our third bottle of Cab.

We were both tipsy already, safe to say, and I should never have finished that doobie in my master bath when we went to change into our suits for the hottub. Herb relaxed me I found, but, it also made me somewhat horny I discovered since taking it up again.

What happened is this......

The tub was ready for us since I had turned it on before we sat down to dinner. I wore a two-piece as did Vicki, a suit that suited her body-type well, showing her curves, not able to hide her well-formed, C-cup boobs, I noticed right away.

That was the first 'hint' that I shouldn't have finished that doobie.

"This does feels good, you were right," Vicki confirmed, her eyes closed as we both floated in the warm water of the large tub.

"Uh-huh," I replied, the wine and herb really mellowing me out as I free-floated, periodically bumping up against Vicki as the jets moved us around the tub.

It was the middle of the summer, the sunset not occuring until eight-thirty or so, the nights just chilly enough for vapors to rise from the warm tub.

Bumping into her yet, once again, I gripped her arm for stability, keeping it in my grasp afterwards. As I held onto her, there was a sense of 'change', a sense of 'something' but I didn't know what.

Finding purchase with my feet on the hottub's floor, I moved to sit on one of the sculpted seats, pulling Vicki along with me with my hands on both of her arms. Pulling her head to nestle against my breasts, she continued to free-float in front of me.

"Thank you for dinner, it was delicious," she said softly after a bit.

"Thank you for having dinner with me, its nice to not eat alone for a change," I answered, my hands stroking up and down her arms absent-mindedly.

And then I cupped her boobs with my hands.....it just felt natural to do so and I did it without thinking, almost as if my hands had a mind of its own.

"Uh...Shari?" Vicki said a few heartbeats later.

"What?" I answered with my eyes closed, my mind stoned/tipsy, clueless that I was feeling up my assistant.

"What are you doing?" She asked, rightfully so.

Opening my eyes slowly, the realization that I had been feeling her up hit me like a bolt of lightning, my hands flying from her tits.

"Oh shit....oh Vicki, I'm so, so sorry," I stammered, embarassed to no end, "I don't know, I mean, it just felt so natural and......"

"No, No, it's alright...I mean, I don't mind, I mean, it didn't bother me....." She babbled, both of us tripping over our own words, the moment feeling clumsy to both of us.

"Oh sweetie, I'm so sorry," I repeated to the top of her head, my hands floating in the water, off of her boobs, now.

"No, its really okay," She replied, taking my hands and placing them once again on her breasts as she continued to float in front of me, "If it relaxes you to touch me like that, I don't mind, Shari......I really don't, it does sort of feel good."

I processed her words for a few moments, not replying, fighting a losing battle with my better senses, all the while resuming my fondling of her breasts, thoughts I shouldn't be having flooding my brain.

"You really don't mind me touching you?" I finally asked.

"No." was her simple reply.

"What if I wanted to do more than just touch you?" I asked, immediately regretting that I put my mouth in motion before putting my brain in gear.

"If it pleases you....I'll do anything to please you," She replied softly.

"That could be a dangerous statement, Vicki," I cautioned.

"Not with you, no, it couldn't be dangerous," She said, her breathing just a tad labored? I wondered.

Well, we'll just have to see about that, my out-of-control libido piped up to say and with that thought, I slipped my hands under her swim-bra, my hands cupping her breasts skin on skin, my fingers finding her stiff nipples pleasing to the touch.

I relaxed in my seat, my hands and fingers softly kneading her breasts, both of us silent, both of us finding pleasure in that moment. Stretching my legs out, I placed them to hold her body in place as I played with her tits. Moving her arms to do so, her hands found my calfs and slowly stroked the skin, the touch of her nails sending shivers to my crotch.

"Have you ever been with another woman in bed?" I asked, knowing, now, that was my intent for my evening with my assistant.

"A few times...when I was in college...and every once in a while, now, when I feel the need.....it's been a while, though," she answered.

"Do you like it?" I probed.

"Uh-huh." was her simple answer.

"This can only be between us, you do understand that, I hope," I cautioned, needlessly it turned out.

"I know," She replied, "That's the way I want it too, private, just between us, just the way I hoped it would be."

Hoped?

"Take off your suit.....sit on the edge of the tub," I suddenly said, emboldened by I'm not sure what.

Hoped it would be?

"I'm going to taste you now, Vicki, tease you a bit for a while and then? then, I'm going to take you into my bed and make love to you, okay?"

"Uh-huh," sitting, naked now, on the edge of the tub, opening her legs for me to do just what I said I would, her wine-buzz showing in her half-closed eyes.

With my arms wrapped under and around her thighs, I pulled myself to 'float' slowly towards her pink nooky, framed by trimmed, reddish pubes, placing small kisses to the insides of her thighs. Flicking my tongue slowly up her slit, I worked it left to right, slowly peeling back her layers until her glistening pussy shone with my saliva and her juices.

"Mmmmmmmmmm," I cooed when first tasting her sweetness, "Oh sweetie, you taste and smell divine," the faint scent of Magnolias wafting from her sex, mixing with the heady, tangy scent of arousal.

I took my time with her, not wanting to rush the experience, taking her to the brink, then back from it, not allowing her to climax, not just yet.

"I need to come....please, please....." her panting voice begged of me, pleaded with me, one of her hands holding my head in place. She was ready. I was ready. It was time.

Standing suddenly, I pulled her to her feet and into my arms, bringing my hands to her head to hold as I kissed her savagely, lustfully, my desire for her driving my very existence it seemed.

She returned my kiss with equal passion, her arms around my body, holding tight to me as I was to her, her hands gripping my ass, a finger sliding up and down my ass-crack, under my swim bottoms. 

Stepping from the tub after breaking our kiss, we both quickly dried off with the large bath-sheet towels I had for us to use, neither of us taking our eyes from the other. Almost running, we quickly went into the house, her hand in mine as I pulled her behind me down the hallway that led to my master bedroom. Once there, she watched me strip off my swim-suit, her green eyes dancing with excitement, I thought, as I got as naked as she was.

Literally throwing her onto the bed, I covered her body with mine, kissing and thrusting my tongue into her mouth as our bodies twisted against the other's, grinding our pussies hard against the other's.

Sliding over a bit, trapping her thigh between my legs for me to grind, I attacked her breasts and nipples with my mouth while my hand and fingers found her cunt. Kissing and biting her tits with a hunger, I slipped two fingers into her, fingering her while my thumb rubbed circles over her clit.

I could get almost all of her breast in my mouth I found and did my damndest to do so, my bites and nips leaving her with hickies the next day, as it turned out.

"Ohhh...ooooh, I'm going to cum, oh damn, damn, I'm going to cum," She moaned, her need evident in her voice which only drove my desire to get her off more so. We both came.....she from my hand, me from grinding my pussy against her thigh. 

And it was fucking fantastic.

We lay there, panting, our breathing labored, my head rising and falling on her breast as she fought to regain her breath. Both under control after a bit, I let her pull me up her body so that she could hug and kiss me, kissing me softly, tenderly, kissing as lovers kiss.

Silently, she laid me on my back and kissed and licked down my body until she was between my legs, her mouth doing things to my pussy I didn't know could be done. And just as I reached my first orgasm, she slipped a finger into my puckered asshole and ass-fucked me while she ate me to several body-wracking climaxes.

And I liked it, I liked it a lot.

"I brought a change of work clothes if you want me to spend the night," She cooed into my ear after we had showered off our first round of sex-sweat and was laying in each other's arms in my sex-wrecked bed.

"You did? So this is how you thought my invitation to dinner would turn out?" I teased.

"No...." nipping at my earlobe with her teeth, "This is how I HOPED your invitation to dinner would turn out," taking my lobe between her lips, nibbling now.

"Wellllll.....if I don't have to take you home tonight then I guess we could fuck some more," I cooed back to her.

"Kinda' what I was thinking," she replied, just before her head disappeared between my thighs one more time that night.

Sexually sated, we fell asleep in each other's arms that night. Since Jack and I had married, I had never 'slept' with anyone else overnight until Vicki.

Of course we had wake-up sex, duh!

And while I didn't know it that night, I had just found me a girlfriend...