 James awoke slowly, still feeling heavily drugged. He couldn’t see anything, due to a blindfold over his eyes, but felt cold air brush over his naked body. He knew he was face down on something soft, a bed most likely.. And around him he could hear several people talking, including his captor, Chris. They seemed to be discussing the events of some kind of party. James tried to move and fond his wrists bound loosely…. Others in the room noticed this.

“hey look, the slut’s starting to come to.” another spoke “well good, much longer and I would have thought we’d put him under for good” they all moved around him, James could feel them moving.

Chris ran a warm hand over James’ ass and smiled as he spoke “welcome to the party, freak. I’ve been telling everyone how much fun you’re going to be…” he leaned over and slowly licked James’ neck, whispering to him “and they’re all looking forward to using you… cause yer going to be a good boy” another lick “aren’t you?”

James nodded some “y…yes sir…”

“good!” Chris exclaimed and slapped James hard on the ass, inciting a quick yelp from the boy. Others laughed and the blindfold was pulled from James’ eyes… as he looked around he could see a good 12 young men standing around. All of them were dressed either in simply a pair of boxers, tight black leather, or nothing at all. James blinked when he saw the size of some of their cocks, including one large man who’s member would likely put a horse to shame, he had the word “flame” tattooed across his chest and was looking James over with lust in his eyes.

Chris sat on James back and set down a couple bottles “now whore… yer going to drink some of this special brew of mine… and it’ll help make sure you respond like a good slut” Chris placed the mouth of the bottle to James’ lips and tipped it… the fluid tasted odd, it was warm and sort of tingly, and since it was not entirely unpleasing, James drank all he was forced to.

“we’ll leave you for a few moments to let that take effect…” they all filed out of the room, some of them laughing. James blink and wondered what the hell he’d just been made to drink, he was scarred, he knew what they had planned.

As he lay there, he began to realize he couldn’t -stop- thinking about it. His cock was getting hard, his breathing was picking up pace, and before long he was so horny he felt ready to burst… that’s when he realized what the “special brew” was supposed to do… he felt so horny that he needed sex and didn’t care how it was given to him.

The men all filed back in a few moments later, Chris picking up the second bottle “ready to loose your sweet little cherry slut boy?” all James could do was whimper and nod, he needed something, -anything- so badly. A couple of men adjusted his body, putting pillows under his abdomen and spreading his legs apart, putting his virgin asshole on display. All the fight having gone out of James, he just started to resign himself to his fate.

Chris opened the other bottle and squirted out a generous amount of lubricant onto his first two fingers, then pressed them gently against James’ tender anus.  James was surprised when it felt warm, kind of like the brew they made him drink. Chris let one finger slide in to lube James up, and even that incited a moan from James’ lips… one he instantly blushed and whimpered at as the room erupted in laughter. He felt terrible, here he was, laid out, letting a man finger his ass, and about to get fucked who knows how many times, but at the same time he felt that insatiable need… he was trapped in this…

Chris slapped James’ ass a few times “I can tell, you’d love this if I was gentle… but I’m just going to fuck you… and it’s going to hurt…” He positioned his cock at James ass, and James instantly tensed up…that was a mistake. With a hard thrust Chris shoved a good portion of his rock hard monster into James ass, and James screamed out. Chris just grinned and continued, thrusting again and again, harder, faster, fucking James’ tight little ass for all he was worth. James screamed for the first several moments, tears streaming down his face as he was violated. Before long Chris was moaning with pleasure, fucking James’ ass hard, bottoming out with every thrust until he finally blew his load deep inside James’ rectum.

James was breathing heavily and whimpering as Chris pulled his manhood from his ass, and suddenly felt an odd emptiness. Chris laughed a bit “Damn boy! You’re a hell of a fuck” he laughed and sat to the side as the rest of the people in the room began crowding around James. 

He felt another cock pushing at his ass and moaned as it shoved it’s self home… another one though quickly stifled that moan, being thrusts into his mouth almost making him choke. He Began sucking on it needfully as the other cock pumped in and out of his ass. Each cock blew it’s load, and they were replaced by two more each time, he wasn’t sure how many time his mouth and ass were fucked but by the 6th or 7th time he was really getting into it. Sucking their thick members passionately and rocking back to meet every thrust.

Finally they all backed off, and we was left there, panting and moaning softly like a well used whore. The semen from nearly ever man in the room running from his well fucked ass and coating his mouth. Out of the corner of his eye James saw the man with the tattoo, “flame”.  He was slowly stroking his insanely large piece of meat, the cock grew large as it came to full erection and dwarfed all the other cocks in the room. 

The man strutted behind James and roughly grabbed his hips, James began struggling “no! your too big! I cant!” the man  didn’t even seem to hear him and began pushing his massive tool deep into James’  well fucked ass.  James let out a mix between a passionate moan and a scream of total pain as his ass was stretched grievously to accommodate the monster fucking him. 

A few others in the room that were aroused again kneeled on the bed,  and began stroking and playing with their cocks aimed at James’ face. As the man kept fucking James, the whole bed moving with every powerful thrust, the other boys quickly shot their loads all over James’ face, and then moving so others could do the same, splattering him with even more of their cum. The endurance of the man fucking him was incredible,  three sets of men cummed on his face before he heard the man start grunting, then the man gripped harder and thrust his cock all the way into James’ ass, unleashing burst after burst of his thick cum deep inside… and as he did James moaned, out the sudden release inside him, the feeling of being used, the whole situation finally caught up with him and he had a shattering orgasm, Cumming all over the pillows beneath him.

When the man finally pulled out, they untied James wrists and let him lay there, cum pouring slowly from his ass after they pulled the pillows out from beneath him…. Cum splattered over his face and in his hair… he was such a good little Slut… Chris put a blanket over him and kissed his temple “see, I knew you’d enjoy that. You’re mine now freak… sweet dreams” and Chris left the room…. James last thoughts before falling asleep again from exhaustion were that Chris was right, he truly was his now, everything had changed.