 You know how things are at the Renaissance Faire? It's nothing but flirting.

It's an amazing thing. Doesn't matter if you are young, old, super attractive, plain or just plain ugly there is always somebody there to flirt with you and all that flirting can't help but eventually work on your hormones and make you horny.

Now, combine all that flirting with all the cleavage and all that attention to cleavage. Then there's all those young guys running around in skin tight tights showing their tight buns and occasionally a tight well formed package up front. Its outdoors, warm and fun. Man, that's some aphrodisiac.

And that's just how I was feeling when it was all over. Horny.

Of course, once the Faire is over the real work begins. Teardown. We generally stay there for several days afterwards and put stuff away. We sleep in tents and sleeping bags and cook on a camp stove just like we were in the wilderness. It's actually kind of fun unless rain comes...And it was coming 

I let the crew know that the tent I was staying in was weather proof. There would be no mosquitoes in there, no dew, no critters and certainly no rain. Unfortunately it was also pretty small but I was willing to share what I had.

The storm blew in about 3 AM with a huge thunder clap and instant hard rain. I turned on the lantern and got up to check on things when suddenly I heard a "knock" on the door. "Hey Chuck, can I come in?" Fortunately I had just put on a pair of underwear.

I recognized the voice as belonging to Katy, a 40 something year old beauty who did our publicity. I guess she said she was in her late forties, but she didn't look like it. I just put her about 40 in my mind and left it at that. Without doubt she was one of my favorite Faire people. 

She was pretty brave sticking around after closing, especially with the threatening weather but I thought it was more to get away from her domineering husband and kid then anything else. Still, I didn't mind her knocking on my door no matter the time of day...or night. She didn't wait for an answer but stepped into the tent from the pouring rain soaking wet.

"Good morning," I said as I checked out her chest. Her boobs were big and round. They looked delightful to suckle when they were dry and her t-shirt was not clinging to them. Right that second they looked delicious. Her nipples were rock hard from the cold rain and her areolas were clearly visible through her white shirt. I was getting a stiffie.

"My tent is already flooded," she said breathlessly. "Can I stay here?"

"Sure," was my too quick reply.

"Got a shirt I can wear, you dirty old man," she asked noting where I was looking. I don't know if she noticed my stiffie or not.

"Sorry," I mumbled and turned to get her one. She turned her back, lift off her own shirt and started to put on the one that I gave her. It was then that Tim busted through the flap of my tent and was looking at her full in the breasts. 

"Wow," he exclaimed. "Guess I came in at the right time."

"Just my luck," said Katie as she quickly pulled the shirt over her tits.

"Mine too, I thought. He got to see them and I didn't. 

"Sorry to interrupt you two. I didn't know you were doing anything," he said.

"We're not," said Katie quickly.

I turned on a few more lanterns.

Tim was a nice guy. Really tall. At 30 years old he often worked with his shirt off showing off his sculpted chest and flat abs. One might have thought he was vain, but he wasn't. And he was an excellent worker too. The guy could lift anything he was so strong.

Jane was the next and last visitor for the night. She had that most nebulous of human characteristics...youth. She was only 22 years old, very adventurous and very cute. Tall and slender with nice shaped but smallish tits and a "one hand butt" that was adorable in the tight shorts she always wore. Everybody loved watching her walk away and she knew it. Her face was small and round and looked angelic when she sang. It was covered with a pimple or two but that only added to a certain look to her that made her more innocent, natural and appealing.

She too needed a dry shirt but she didn't turn her back to put it on, but simply pulled her wet one over her head, showing off.  

"Like we want to see those things," said Katie.

"We do," I said.

"You don't want to see my little titties," said Jane whipping her chest with one of my dry towels.

My poor dick! That time I did get to see them and did enjoy it. Tim and I hopped and hollered and encouraged her to keep her top off but the put the shirt on anyway. 

We shuffled things around trying to make some more room to sleep in. My bed consisted of an air mattress placed on some wood pallets that I had made placed on the ground of the tent was the grass of out doors. I had a small improvised desk from a couple of milk cartons and a piece of wood, which we chucked outside into the storm, and four lanterns to light the night with. It was pretty cozy and plenty big enough for one. Sleeping four of us in there was going to be a chore.

We finally settled on sleeping sideways on the bed feet to face If I laid on my right side my feet were in Katie's face and on my left in Tim's. Why we let the girls take the outside I'll never understand. Sleeping next to a guy with no shirt on was not my idea of a good. Nobody got to sleep.

I choose to sleep facing the sweet smelling foot of Katie and soon begin to caress it pretending that I was still asleep. "Umm," she moaned. "That feels good." That started everybody laughing and ended any pretense or thoughts of sleep. 

"What the hell are you two up to over there," asked Jane.

The four of us sat up and turned on a light. Let's play cards," I suggested.

"What game," somebody asked.

A few games were tossed out and finally I said, "If we were 16 and sleeping in a tent in the middle of a storm it would be strip poker. That's what we should play."

Tim was in full agreement and once Jane made the necessary objections she agreed too. That only left the shy Katie who finally gave in and agreed to play.

At that point I don't' think any of us thought we were going to have an orgy that night. Two of us were married, Tim had a girl friend and Jane had a boy friend "back home," but we were about to have a two man, two women freestyle orgy.

Katie lost the first hand but proved too shy to take her top off. She offered a compromise. "You guys put your hands under my shirt and feel me up instead," she offered. That seemed acceptable to me. 

"Let's do it together," I suggested to Tim.

Tim took the left side and I took the right. Together we reached our hands up her shirt and each fondled a tit. They felt as nice as they looked soaking wet a few minutes ago. Now they were dry and soft and mushy and gushy, except for the nipples, which were rock hard and very responsive to our fingers. Katie's breathing became somewhat uneven as we enjoyed our selves at her expense. We kept it up until Jane complained that she felt left out.

That much was far more then I expected. I mean to have touched her tits like that...how cool was that! For Katie it was the first time more then one guy had touched her like that at a time and she enjoyed it very much. 

Jane lost the next two hands. After the first loss she took off her shorts (she wasn't wearing panties), on the second she took off her top and stood before us naked.  Her body was very nice. She hardly had any baby fat at all. She ran her hands over her small, perky tits with their rock hard pink nipples and large areolas and down her flat tummy before turning around and wiggling the globes of her butt in our faces. Clearly she was enjoying showing off.

Tim lost the next and showed off his dick. Like everything else on Tim it was tall but not very big around. I will admit that I've never seen a man (in real life) sporting a woody and it was pretty cool to see. I played a more conservative game taking my shirt off before my shorts when I lost the next hand.

Jane (who kept on playing even after she was naked) lost the next hand and since she didn't have any more clothes to take off we made her open her legs and show us her beaver close-up. It really shouldn't have been called a beaver actually or more accurately it should have been called a baby beaver because she was totally shaved and smooth as a baby down there. 

She caressed it just a little bit and even in the dim lights of the lantern we could see the wetness inside and her swollen clit sticking out from her lips. Even Katie was caught looking for a second. Man, did I want to play with that thing. 

Speaking of Katie, she finally lost her second hand. This time we each got to play with her buns under her loose fitting shorts.  She laid on her tummy and we each took a bum and massaged and caressed it. Each of us guys separately slipped a finger into her butt crack and teased her by caressing her puckered little hole. She squirmed and objected.

I nodded to Jane indicating that she should join us by putting her hand up Katie's shorts too. She reluctantly (and silently) agreed and when she got it in there I pushed her hand down into the space between Katie's open legs and mashed it into her pussy. She quickly pulled out, telling me that I was nasty old man and a pervert, but she was smiling when she said it.

Well, to make a long story short pretty soon everybody but Katie was naked. Since Tim was making no attempt to hide his erection I made no attempt to hide mine. The girls were both checking us out and it felt good being looked at like that. 

We decided we needed to get Katie's body into open view so the three of us ganged up on her (all naked as the day we were born), pinning her down. After Tim and I got control of her by pinning down her shoulders and arms Jane pulled her shorts off. When they were off Tim and I each got a leg to hold her down with while Jane pulled the shirt she was wearing over her head. Katie fought pretty had, but pretty soon it came off and her magnificent tits were finally in view. It was fun with lots of giggles (including by Katie) and lots of shrieking.

Before we let Katie up and allow her time to cover herself we all told her how hot and sexy she was. Katie seemed skeptical so we indicated our boners to prove it. She blamed the erections on Jane and her lithe little body so Tim came up to her and rubbed the tip of his cock all over her nipples, leaving behind a trail of pre-cum and said, "See, I stayed good and hard by touching those melons of yours. They must be turning me on."

"And you left goo all over me," teased Katie, getting into the spirit of things a bit more. 

"Maybe Jane can clean it off," I retorted seeing how far I could push things.

"You nasty guys are always into that shit," aren't you," responded Jane sharply. "You don't get it, girls like guys."

'Hummm, that's what my wife says," I thought but knew better then to say it.

Katie wiped herself off with a shirt laying on the ground and Jane suggested that since we were playing "teenagers" we should play spin the bottle. "But only boy-girl kisses," she quickly added. 

"Damn," I thought, but still...

We started playing and I found that both girls were really good kissers and that it really turned me on to watch others kiss and to be watched kissing. Both girls let us touch them all over their bodies when we kissed. I liked that.

After a while the odds were not with us and we kept getting boy-boy and girl-girl spins so we decided to change the rules. When a boy-boy spin occurred the boy got to kiss one of the girl's breasts. When a girl-girl spin occurred the two girls had to push their tits next to each other and one of the guys (alternating) got to kiss them both at the same time. That was actually Katie's idea and Jane readily agreed to it.

It was fun trying to suck two nipples into your mouth at the same time and it was fun watching Tim try to do it too. The girls knew they had to get close together to do it but didn't want to get too "chummy" but we did find that it helped if they put their arms around each other causing a little more contact they maybe would have liked but they didn't squawk too much

On one of my turns to kiss Katie I finger fucked her to her first orgasm of the night. She just went nuts as I rolled her clit around between my fingers. Her legs were wide open and Tim and Jane were watching all the action and encouraging me and her on. It was just barbaric the way we were into it. As soon as Katie's orgasm subsided Jane and Tim did the same thing without bothering to spin. Jane's orgasm was even louder then Katie's was. They were being very competitive.

Tim fed Jane the pussy juice off his fingers when he was done and she licked it up dutifully. The next spin was from Jane to me. Instead of kissing me on the lips she kissed me on the dick and just led it into a blow job. Oh my god was she fantastic. She used her tongue and throat and fingers and even her teeth to make it feel good. 

I was laying on the bed getting sucked and Jane had her butt up in the air. Tim went to work on her clit from behind. He laid down on the mattress on his back and slid his head under her pussy and obviously started kissing her. I could tell he was doing it right because the quality of the blow job I was receiving went down considerably and very suddenly, but she kept my dick in her mouth anyway.

Katie was the only one left out and was figuring where to fit in. She really had two choices. One was to sit on Tim boner (or blow him) the other was to sit on my face and get eaten out. I figured if she worked on Tim he would be distracted and my blow job quality would improve or if she sat on my face I would be very content and happy to eat her out. I couldn't decide which one I wanted more. Eventually she made up her own mind and sat on my face.

I have always enjoyed the feeling of a wet sloppy pussy on my face and this one was one of the sloppiest. Katie was soaked...dripping wet. Her clit was obviously engorged and very swollen and enflamed. I tried to catch it with my tongue but it wouldn't hold still long enough to, or perhaps the butt it was attached to wasn't holding very still, but I kept trying to catch it.

Her pussy mashed into my face and I stabbed my tongue everywhere it would go, on her clit, up her vagina, in between her lips and even near her back door. She bucked and humped every time I hit something sensitive. She came very loudly then extricated my dick from Jane's mouth and started to give me the blow job. Jane helped by licking my balls. She pushed my legs up and back for easier access and sucked each of my balls into her mouth as Katie bobbed up and down on my erection. 

Jane's chin pressed against my puckered anis and every so often her tongue would slide down there as well. I attacked Katie's pussy again renewing her vigor to insure that she would come again with me. I pressed two fingers into her gushing pussy and one into her tight little asshole and sucked her clit for all I was worth. 

Next thing I know Jane was screaming into my balls that she was coming the rest of us started shortly thereafter. Tim came by pumping his dick with his hand, Katie from Tim's expert pussy eating, me from the skilled mouths working my dick over and the fact that Jane shoved saliva lubricated a finger up my butt hole, and Katie from my tongue and fingers. 

Needless to say, Tim shot his load all over his tummy and chest. Neither of the girls was ready to take a mouthful of jizz yet because they were hoping for some more kissing and knew that boys didn't like to kiss girls who had just swallowed a load if cum, even if it is his own. I shot my load into their hands as they milked it out of me. I practically screamed into Katie's pussy as my orgasm literally left me dizzy. She finally collapsed on me

After we rested for a few minutes we got up and cleaned up the jizz. Tim and I went to wipe our faces but the girl we had each just eaten out cleaned us up with her tongue before we could. Then we changed partners and they "cleaned" a little more. Actually it was a lot more French kissing and it sure was hot.

"It's been my fantasy to do that for years," I said when we finally took a break. "That was like the hottest thing I've ever done."

"It's a first for me," added Jane, I mean being with two guys at once. The fact that there was a girl there too only made it kinkier."

All four of us expressed how hot the whole thing had made us and decided that we should rest up and go at it again.

Jane asked Katie permission to do something kinky with the guys and Katie agreed. She asked us if we were up for some experimentation and we both agreed that we were, suspicious of what she wanted. Actually it wasn't bad at all. She wanted to take Tim up the front and me up her rear. To that we both quickly agreed. Our only concern was leaving Katie out. 

Jane said, "Don't worry about it. I know a sure fire way to make men hard again if they blast too soon. Then they can take care of you perfectly well."

Jane started to suck Tim's long dick and get him good and hard and Katie did the same to me. Trust me; it didn't take much to get me there. After a bit, Tim laid down on his back and Jane sat down on his dick and started to hump him. I got behind her and started to rub her butt. I didn't really have anything for lubricant so I pulled pussy juice from her, which met I was touching Tim's dick and even putting my fingers insider her while he was in there and lubricated her up pretty well. Then I spit on her there a few times and even took a couple of tentative lick.

"Go ahead, Chuck, slide it in," she told me. With Katie's helping hand I lined it and gently pressed forward. "Slow for now, slow for now," she said with deep breaths. I have the perfect dick for butt fucking. It's short and not terribly thick. Some men might say that I am cursed because of that, but those who know say I'm blessed because not only do I know what to do with it, it goes places bigger dicks don't...like really tight assholes. Jane was the first (and only) girl I've ever done with another man, but not the first whose anal virginity I've taken. There is good in everything.

I kept constant forward momentum, feeling Tim's turgid member sliding in and out underneath me. She was so amazingly tight in her rear. I was reciting baseball statistics from the second I entered her. Finally, as I was nearing full penetration it began to settle down and I gained some confidence. 

Tim's pumping member was amazing. It felt so good on my dick and combined with the tightness of her poop shoot it was absolutely amazing. By the time I was fully inserted into Jane, she was screaming out her orgasmic pleasure. Tim's face looked like he was going to explode any second, I'm sure my face looked no better. Katie had one hand on my balls and the other was stuffed between her legs furiously masturbating herself as she watched. 

"Don't you guys dare pull out of me when you come," shouted Jane. "Stay inside of me no matter what."

Jane was literally screaming how and Katie was caressing her hair and face and whispering into her ear just below me how cool it was watching her. All the while her lips and tongue were grazing Jane's delicate ear, then face, then lips. She brought her tongue back up to Jane's ear and licked the inside of it ever so gently after whispering some more sweetness into her.

That was about all I could stand. I blew my load powerfully and loudly. It was weird hearing a man's voice as Tim came too...so close to my face. I have to admit that it added to the power of my orgasm. Katie's masturbation induced orgasm took place simultaneously and her voice was added to the chorus of howls and screams. 

My weight collapsed down onto Jane and hers onto Tim. He was so strong that it hardly bothered him and it gave us all a chance to cool down for a few minutes before I finally withdrew my flagging member from Jane's tightest orifice. She in turn pealed herself off of Tim and we sat in a rather dazed circle for a few minutes not saying a word. 
