 The front hall of the beautiful mansion of Ryland Griffith shone with the light of a thousand candles on any given night and always had plenty of guests each evening. Ryland was almost your average rich gentleman except that he had impeccable and varied tastes and for a price you could sample the delights he kept under his roof. This was how he had made his fortune, not to say he was just a common pimp in a trashy brothel, Ryland and his house of pleasures was so much more.

In London, in the gay 1870's one could get most anything one wanted, if you were willing to settle for a lower class of companion, or if you were not of sufficient means and did not meet Mr. Griffith's standards. Just to be one of his distinguished guests and for the privilege of perhaps a little secret show one had to be honorably discreet and possess an elegant and gentlemanly personality. To partake of his delights ones self, you must be in complete health and of course in a possession of a great fortune. The most unusual requirement was that one must be able to "satisfy" that evening's mate in what ever way she might choose.

To work in this house of pleasure (it was most definitely a house of pleasure, ill repute applies in no way whatsoever) one had to be beautiful in an original way first and foremost. Each room was the home to a single girl of her type. There was a tiny girl all the way from the orient with eyes the color of warm brown sugar, which tilted in such a way as to give her face the proud beauty of a tiger. There were women from all over, a red skinned savage from America, a tall Nordic princess with the powerful presence of a Viking, and several others. 

The most famous of them all was the startlingly beautiful Tashat, an ebony haired goddess from Egypt. She had green eyes that shone with the brilliance of Emeralds against her deeply bronzed skin. Tashat was nearly as tall as Mr. Griffith, perhaps only three or so inches from six feet. Her full breasts sat up all on their own, she wore no corset only a thin white dress somewhat resembling an ancient Roman toga and through it one could see the dusky rose of her nipples. She had slightly wider hips than was fashionable and lush, rounded buttocks. In short she was a fantasy but in actuality she was famous for something else altogether.

Tonight a young man named Anthony wants desperately to be admitted into Tashat's chamber but he fears someone may recognize him from the Cathedral as he knows some of his congregation is present elsewhere in the house and waiting on her summons was wearing his nerves tragically thin. Anthony worries that tonight if he lies with Tashat and indulges in his every fantasy he is lost from God forever, even if he leaves the church. He has been contemplating leaving the church since he first found himself wasting his secret family fortune in the walls of Mr. Griffith's home and realized his true nature as a man and not a vessel of the Lord. 

Finally Tashat appears at the top of the stairs, gloriously nude and nearly glistening in the candle light. She extends her long slim finder toward Anthony and summons him to her room. Anthony stares at her as he ascends the steps in an almost trance like state.

Upon entering the room he is immediately taken aback by its furnishings. The entire room was white marble including the ceiling. To the right near the door was a long somewhat shallow pool filled with what looked like body oils and smelled like an exotic perfume. In the center of the room was a large bed covered with crimson silk with not a pillow on it. 

"Do you like it?" she purred, the traces of her native accent still prominent. "No… that is, I mean to say, Yes everything is wonderful" came the chocked reply.

Tashat walked around him and faced him from behind. She tenderly kissed the back of his neck before slipping a red silk sash over his eyes and securing it beyond his head. Then the sound of two sets of feet came from nowhere and Anthony felt his clothes being removed quickly by many hands.

Someone, not Tashat, clearly someone shorter led him by the hand to the pool of oils. He was then lowered to his back in the shallow slippery pool. He then felt six hands covered in the oil smothering it over his naked slightly muscled chest. The hands continued their sensual massage over his whole body expect his already erect and pulsing shaft. 

He was then suddenly aware that someone had placed their feet on either side of his head when he heard Tashat's deep voice again.

"This is my first hand maiden, you will please her and I will watch and direct you if you need help. My other hand maiden will continue to massage you and may, if your play with Mari proves exciting enough include that eager soul between your thighs in her work."

Anthony's mind and body were alive with fiery anticipation and nervous tension. The handmaiden Mari lowered herself and he felt her soft, shaven nether lips against his mouth. She was already most and Anthony greedily lapped around the outside of her tender hidden nub. Mari began to grind against his mouth and he placed his lips around her hardened clit and began to gently suck, he felt her legs tense and heard her deep moans. The other woman gripped his cock fiercely with her long, oily fingers and worked them up and down with slow deliberate movements. His body was going wild but he was determined to hold out for Tashat, if he finished now it would be over. 

He grasped Mari's hips and drove his tongue deep inside her slick velvet pussy. Anthony quickly thrust his tongue in and out with force he's not known he had. Mari screamed in release and he felt her juices pour down his tongue and into his mouth. She took a last deep breath, stood and stepped aside. The other women had also stepped aside.

He stood all on his own, his member so swollen it ached for release and his mind swimming with what had already happen. The blindfold was removed and the other women stepped into his view. "I am Ani" she told him and led him to the bed. "Please have a seat on side of the bed." 

Once he was seated all three women walked to the center of the room and Ani laid down upon the floor with her legs spread before him showing the center of her pink swollen pussy, shaved like Mari and Tashats. Tashat stood facing him straddled over Ani's head, and lowered her till she was kneeling right above the girls mouth. She then lowered her head between Ani's legs and began to tenderly lick the length of her quivering lips as Ani did the same for her. The licking intensified for a moment before Tashat changed positions and knelt with her rear facing Anthony, and told Mari to sit behind Anthony on the bed and Ani to remain where she was.

Anthony felt Mari's softly rounded nude form press against his back her legs pressed to his, and the hot, most place between her thighs against his buttocks. Mari then reached down, slid her hand around his shaft and guided it into Tashats waiting body. He felt the tight resistance of her inner walls give slowly to his invading member and the intense wet heat of it nearly drove him mad with desire to push her down and drive completely inside her over and over till he could empty his seed. 

Mari pushed him slowly more toward her till he was completely enveloped. Tashat had begun to suck Ani's clit again with a renewed passion and his view of it along with the feel of the inside of his beautiful Tashat drove him over the edge. He began to slide himself in and out of her with a steady rhythm to match her sucking. Mari reached around him and between Tashats legs and stroked her tender nub in a fast circular motion. Tashat was already moaning with pleasure and Anthony felt her walls tighten around him and pulse with her climax. When he felt this he pulled her up against him and drove himself inside her with greater and greater force. The two women knelt before Tashat and began to suck her nipples and Anthony pushed harder and harder and was so overwhelmed by the heat of the moment he slammed inside Tashat a final time. He laid back shuddering with release. 

Anthony awoke to find himself alone in Tashat's bed, angry with himself for having fallen asleep. He quickly found his clothes, dressed and hurried to the stairs. Mr. Griffith met him halfway.

"I trust you enjoyed your evening, Sir?" he said. "Yes very much so, I left the payment in the room on the bed, I trust that will be alright." Anthony said and tried to step around the man and head to the door. "Well, sir, I am sure we'll see you again. I sense you are in a hurry so I won't keep you." 

Anthony rushed out the front door into the stillness of the late evening. He knew now it was true. He wasn't a holy man, able to be celibate and he would go tomorrow to end it. It was for the best. He still didn't feel he was an evil man, just not a self righteous man. 

The next morning was dark and overcast a perfect fit for the day. Anthony had just left the church and was now just a normal man. He headed immediately for Mr. Griffith's even though it was only just 10 o'clock in the morning. The door was opened by the rheumy eyed ancient house butler and he was shown into a lower waiting room. The man had told him he would see if Miss Tashat was available to see him.

A few moments later she appeared as perfect as he had ever seen her. He knelt before and told her about his past as a priest and how today he was a free man no longer trapped by guilt, and could he, just for today, be alone with her in her room he merely nodded and led him up the stairs. Anthony, suddenly feeling aggressive grasped her arm and threw her down on the bed. She stared up at him in shock as he ripped the thin gown from her body. He immediately began to kiss her, something he had never done. He thrust his tongue into her mouth nearly touching her throat. Anthony then began to suck on the tender lobes of her ears and nibble the sensitive skin of her neck. He delighted in her soft whimpers of pleasure, and was thrilled as she worked to remove his trousers. 

Anthony stood up and removed his clothes as quickly as he could. He then ordered Tashat to get on her hands and knees and he knelt on the floor behind her. Anthony grabbed her hips with both of his hands and slammed her back onto his fully erect member. She screamed with shock and pleasure and he continued to push fully into her with each thrust, he was almost touching her womb. He brought his hands around to grip her firm buttocks, and spread the cheeks, he quickly pulled out of her and in the same fluid motion forced her shaft, slick with her own juices between them. 

The tightness of her rear passage was nearly painfully perfect, his cock throbbed buried in her deep heat and through the haze of pleasure he heard her whimpers of shock and he could hear her pleasure in them too. He knew she would enjoy this as much as he. He pumped into her with a slow steady rhythm as his fingers slid into her pussy faster and faster. When her body tensed with climax the tightness around his shaft became unbearable, he grasped her full breasts roughly in each hand, and as she screamed in heated passion he slammed into her with his final release. 

Anthony lifted off her and rolled to his side, as he drifted off to sleep, he thought to himself nothing could be closer to heaven.