 The setting sun set fire to the sky as Jasper smoothly navigated his sleek black jaguar around the curves of a twisting mountain road. His hair almost glowed gold in the light. Kate appreciated the way he handled the car, like he handled everything as far as she could tell, with calm, cool control. The city faded behind them as the estates grew further and further apart.

"Where are we going?" She asked, not really expecting a straight answer. They'd been involved for two months now and she was never sure what was around the next corner with him. As a lover he was a constant surprise. While he might dominate their relationship in the bedroom, there was no possessiveness outside of it. 

He never asked what she was doing or even if she was seeing anyone else. She didn't even know who else he was seeing, other than Shannon. The three of them had enjoyed a few nights together since their evening at the private club, enough for Kate to see that Shannon had no hold over him either. 

"Tell me about your parents, Kate," he suggested as they continued to climb.

"Oh, um, alright," he didn't usually ask her personal questions. "Well, my mom took off when I was little so I don't really remember her. I was raised by my father. He was a cop."

"Was? Is he retired?"

"No, he died in the line of duty a couple years back. Domestic violence call gone bad."

"My condolences," he said softly as he covered her hand with his. The simplicity of the gesture touched her. "You were young when he passed," he observed.

"Yeah, he left me just enough money to finish my schooling and then I dove right into full time decorating." She stared out as the sky went from orange to pink and remembered her earlier days of hustling to make the rent. "I think a lot of my dad's friends hired me at first out of pity. But it paid the bills, you know?"

"Hmmm," he said noncommittally. Money had never been a concern for him but he knew how that would sound if he said it out loud. At the top of the hill he turned into a long circular drive. 

Kate's jaw dropped as she emerged from the jag. The house was a towering mansion of stone, rising high above the city with the shadow of the ocean in the distance. The other cars in the drive made it look like a high end car commercial. 

She turned to him with a wry smile. "Just a quiet dinner out, I suppose?"

He laughed as he slung an arm around her shoulders. "A dinner party, more like." He guided her up the steps. She enjoyed the casual show of affection. It was unusual for him. 

Before they could reach it, the door was opened soundlessly by a butler in formal dress. "Mr. Jasper, a pleasure as always," the man said stiffly as he gestured them inside. "The remainder of your party is in the salon." 

Kate raised an eyebrow at the formality, but tried to remain nonchalant. Thank god she'd chosen one of her few designer dresses for tonight. The wrap of deep purple silk always made her feel slightly regal, plus it made her eyes edge more towards a violet hue. Her heels clicked on the marble floor of the entry before they entered the salon, where a few distinguished looking men swirled amber liquid in cut crystal. She instantly recognized one of them.

"Kate! How lovely to see you again. Even more devastating than I remember." Dexter crossed the room to gather her hand in both of his, rubbing his lips over her fingers while his eyes twinkled into hers. There was something strangely magnetic about the man even though he had to be twenty years her senior. "Would you join us in an aperitif? It's supposed to be good for one's... appetite," he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively and she couldn't help but laugh. He might be a snake in the courtroom, but here he was utterly charming. She put her arm through his as he led her to the bar.

Jasper watched, bemused, as the most powerful attorney in the city flirted shamelessly with young Kate. He glanced at the doorway as a more mature woman made her entrance. Even though she made no sound, every male in the room turned. Conversation hushed. She cut a stunning figure with her almond shaped eyes and ebony hair worn in a sophisticated twist at the nape of her long shapely neck. 

"Ah, our esteemed hostess," Dexter rushed to her side. "What an honor to be welcomed into your incredible home. Will your husband be joining us?" He kissed her hand much as he had just done to Kate. The woman acknowledged him with a smile but only had eyes for Kate.

"No, he's away on business. It's just us, I'm afraid," she crossed the room to the younger woman and held her hands out. Kate took them and found them warm and soft. "Welcome, you must be Kate. Jasper's told me all about you." She skimmed the purple dress with approval. "He has always had excellent taste. I'm Moira. I believe dinner is ready, shall we?" She lifted an elegant hand and led the group to the dining room. 

Dinner was several courses, expertly prepared and properly savored by the intimate group at the table. Conversation ebbed and flowed easily. In total there were five men, three of which were lawyers in Dexter's firm. There were times when Kate felt as if they were discreetly staring at her, but she dismissed it as her imagination running wild. 

After desert they rose for drinks in the sitting room, which was scattered with buttery soft leather sofas and chairs sunken in plush carpet. A tray waited for them and Moira passed each man a glass. Kate inhaled sharply when she recognized the earthy fragrance.

"Is that...the extract?" She whispered. 

"Ah, do you like my little concoction?" Moira smiled and handed Kate hers.

"Yours? You make it?" 

"Close your mouth, dear, it's not at all attractive." Kate's teeth clicked together. Moira continued, "I learned of it in a small village in South America. They use it as part of a sex ritual."

Kate gulped. "A sex ritual?"

"Yes, twice a year they celebrate into the night, and all women, married or not, are allowed to take as many men as they choose. It's quite fascinating."

"And they just let you have it?" Kate motioned with her cup. She was already feeling the flush sliding through her system. This was a stronger brew than usual.

"They were kind enough to show me how it is prepared, which is the secret, you know. Now we have an arrangement: they send me the dried plant and I produce the extract. They are well compensated for their trouble." She sipped her own cup with a smile. Kate's eyes were beginning to glaze over, her lips slightly parted. Moira sensed it was time to excuse herself.

"Well, gentlemen," she turned to the rest of the group. "I'll leave you to your amusements. You're welcome to stay in any of the guest rooms, they are all fully stocked." She laid a hand on Kate's shoulder as she passed, "Enjoy yourself, my dear."

Moira crossed the room and brushed a kiss over Jasper's cheek. He smiled and murmured softly, "Thank you for this, Mother."

She laid a hand against his face. "Just be careful with her, Jasper." He nodded as she turned and left.

As Jasper approached her, his eyes intensely focused on hers, Kate thought again of the big cat stalking its prey and a shiver ran up her spine. When he reached her he slid his hands around her neck and then firmly cupped the back of her head. Before she could react his mouth was on hers, hot and demanding. Her whole body seemed to flare at his touch. 

She pulled away slightly, flushed and a little embarrassed. "Jasper, don't be rude," she whispered. 

"Rude?" He took her by the shoulders and turned her to face the men. "Do they look offended?" The men were all smiles, especially Dexter, who toasted Kate with his cup.

"No," she replied slowly. The purpose of the dinner party was beginning to dawn on her. Dexter pulled her back so that she could feel the full length of his body against hers, including the bulge of his erection against her ass. 

"Look at them, Kate," he whispered in her ear as he molded her body like a sculptor, lovingly tracing her curves. Her heart beat thickly in her chest as four sets of hungry eyes watched. "Can you see how much they all want you?" She made a low sound when Dexter untied the wrap of her dress, gradually exposing her flawless ivory skin inch by inch. 

"Perfection," breathed Dexter, soaking in the sight of Kate's slim body, her perfect breasts encased in black lace, her legs in matching stockings and garter belt. The smooth skin of her bare pussy glistened in the low light. He couldn't wait to taste her. 

Jasper slid the dress off and ran his hands over the top of her breasts and under her bra. He eased the lace cups down, exposing her dusky pink nipples. He licked her exposed neck as he teased her nipples with the tips of his fingers. She sank back into him with a moan. 

Sensing her arousal was blooming, Dexter stood and took off his jacket. He walked to her carefully as if not wanting to spook her. His gaze was soft on hers, almost tender.

"You are a siren, Kate, born to drive men wild," he said as he ran a finger down her cheek. "We are all here tonight for you, to pleasure you, to worship you." His finger dipped between her breasts. "All you have to do is say yes."

Kate looked at the men before her, devouring her with their eyes, waiting for her assent. Being the sole object of their desire filled her with a power she had never known. She looked directly back into Dexter's eyes. "Yes," she said simply. Jasper smiled behind her. 

The sexual tension hummed through the room as the rest of the men stood, shedding their clothes and walking towards her. Jasper took her arms and drew them back over her head. Dexter reverently ran his hands over her, cupping her breasts, then her hips. He slowly sank to his knees and spread her legs.

"I've wanted your pussy in my mouth since we first met." He advanced until his soft lips brushed over her outer folds. She shuddered slightly as he tasted her with long slow strokes of his tongue. Their eyes met and held as he licked her clit. "You're even sweeter than I thought."

Two men approached on either side, each kissing and suckling their way down her neck and on to her nipples. The feel of so many seeking hands, soft mouths and warm tongues on her at once was as potent as any drug. Her back arched as her head fall back against Jasper's shoulder. 

Jasper loved the feeling of her writhing against him, lost in pure lust. He ran his hands over her luscious ass, squeezing and spreading her cheeks apart. One hand slipped between her legs and easily entered her with three fingers. "You're so wet, Kate, knowing all these men are going to fuck you senseless. Do you want to come now?"

"Yes, please...please," she said breathlessly, pushing her hips against Dexter's face and then back into Jasper's seeking fingers. 

"Tonight you don't have to ask permission." He was finger fucking her faster and faster. That combined with Dexter's loving attention to her clit was too much to bear. She came hard, gushing around Jasper's fingers and into Dexter's mouth.

"Just like honey," he said as her body quaked under his hands. He laid back and pulled her down with him. She straddled his legs and took his throbbing shaft into her mouth. "Yes, sweet Kate, suck my cock. You know you want it...take it deep...yes, that's it." He had her head cradled between his hands, guiding her up and down. She twisted her hand around the base as she swirled her tongue around the head, making him moan with delight.

Jasper positioned himself on his knees behind her, teasing her with the tip of his cock. She began to rock her hips back against his, so that every time they met his cock would penetrate her a little further. The other three men stood around them, stroking their cocks patiently and enjoying the show. 

There was a collective groan when he was fully ensheathed in the her soft pink cunt. He gripped her ass cheeks firmly, pushing and pulling to match his deep thrusting. She made a muffled noise around Dexter's cock as the wet sound of Jasper fucking her filled the room. 

"I love watching you being fucked hard," he said, reluctantly pulling her delicious mouth off his cock before he came too soon. He reached down to caress her breasts as they swung back and forth.

Jasper slowed his thrusting, knowing it was time to take Kate to the next level. He withdrew, pulling her up by the shoulders so they were level. He fondled her breasts as Dexter shifted his body so his cock was poised just below her dripping wet pussy. 

Dexter held himself up at the base and watched in wonder as Kate slowly lowered herself onto him with a knowing smile on her face. "Yes, darling, ride me," he took hold of her hips and pulled her hard against him. "Damn that pussy is so sweet..."

She groaned as she ground herself against him, her clit rubbing against the base every time she came down. A stiff cock brushed her face and she eagerly suckled it. Jasper took her hand, guiding it to another erection, which she stroked in time with her mouth. 

Being surrounded by male lust magnified her sensuality so that she could almost feel it pulsing through her. Her body undulated sinuously as she immersed herself in all the different textures around and inside her. Her next orgasm hit her quickly and left her gasping and shuddering. 

Dexter couldn't hold back anymore when he felt her pussy squeezing around him as she came. "Fuck me, I'm coming, yes honey, take it," he cried out as his cock hardened even more and then shot a huge load deep into her welcoming heat. Their combined juices ran between his legs like a hot river as she trembled above him.

Jasper eased Kate off of Dexter and on top of another man on his back behind her. She mounted him facing up as she alternated sucking the cocks on either side of her. Jasper stroked himself, pleased that Kate was living up to his expectations. The man between her thighs couldn't last long and was soon grunting as he unloaded into her. 

Another man had laid down in front of her, squeezing his mammoth cock so that it stood straight up in invitation. "I got one for you, honey," he said quietly. Kate crawled over to him and took him inside her with a long exhale. He ran his hands all over her body as if he couldn't touch her fast enough. Then he pulled her face down so he could kiss her, exploring her mouth and tongue aggressively with his. 

She circled and swiveled her hips over him slowly at first. His massive girth stretched her lips tight and hit her in all the right places. She clenched her walls around him, which drove him wild. He banded his arms tight around her waist and pumped his hips up into her like a jackhammer, making her come again and again.

She felt hands on her ass, spreading the cheeks apart as a stream of warm lube was drizzled down her crack. Jasper was behind her again, rubbing the lube in and slipping his finger inside her tight little hole. 

"Yeah baby, fuck me in the ass," she invited over her shoulder. It was not her first time doing anal, but it was her first double penetration. The anticipation was exquisite.

Jasper gradually entered her, waiting until she relaxed enough to take his full length. Her whole body started shivering, overwhelmed with sensation. It took some time before the men found a mutual rhythm but when they did Kate was hit with an orgasm so strong she thought it would shatter her into a million pieces. 

The last man kneeled next to her head, trying to get his cock in her mouth. She took him in, almost relieved to have something to distract her from the intensity of two cocks piercing her. For several hot and sweaty minutes, the four of them merged and melded into an interlocking puzzle of flesh. The real world disappeared as they focused only on each other and lived out their darkest fantasies. 

Jasper reveled in his view of Kate as she completely surrendered to the onslaught. He was pleased that there was not a lick of fear in her at this moment. There were few women who could completely give in to passion. He allowed his orgasm to build as the other two men were now bucking and thrusting into her with abandon. 

Kate had long since lost any rational thought and her world was now concentrated into the three cocks inside her. They all seemed to quicken at the same time, driving into her with ever increasing force. Everyone was losing their grip on control. She felt as if her body had disappeared and she was left a quivering mass of raw nerves.

The cock between her lips spasmed and spurted first, filling her mouth with warm salty fluid. She milked and suckled him gently until she could feel his cock slowly diminishing. He pulled out of her mouth with a sigh, completely spent.

The man below her was next, crying out as he shot himself into her cunt and flooded her from the inside. She clamped down on him like a hot velvet fist, heightening his pleasure to a razor sharp edge. His orgasm depleted him and left him a floating husk. His hands fell away from her hips as he hovered on the border of consciousness. 

Satisfied that the others were fully sated, Jasper finally let himself go, pushing with his legs so he could penetrate her as much as possible before he unloaded his seed far into her depths. Kate made a guttural sound in her throat as the last puzzle piece fell into place. She was the siren fulfilled.

Hours later, Jasper left the group in bed, limbs tangled and exhausted after another round with his raven haired vixen. He stepped out onto the balcony of the second floor, where a full moon lit the garden and reflected in the serene waters of the pool. He wasn't surprised to find his mother sitting in her favorite chair smoking a cigarette. A few beats passed before she spoke.

"Is she ready?" Moira exhaled into the cool night air. She rarely smoked so this cigarette was a luxury.

"Yes, she proved herself tonight. She'll make a valuable addition," he leaned over the rail and searched for stars in the inky black sky.

"Be sure, Jasper. You're playing a dangerous game. She trusts you." 

"I can handle it, Mother."

"Let's hope so." 

Silence fell between them as the shadows shifted in the night.