 Night Falls and the Temperature Rises

Even though I already suspected what the terms 'lifestylers' probably meant, I looked quizzically into her eyes. She told me that they were a couple who enjoyed being with other couples in the fullest sense of the word and said, "I hope that isn't too much for either of you."

I replied, "I think I am ok with what I suspect you're suggesting, but you'll never get Maggie to go along."

Holly smiled at me and said that I could leave that in Tom's hands; that he was expert in helping newbies into the lifestyle. Quite by surprise, the next thing I felt was her hand on my shaft, squeezing and beginning to stroke me. She kissed me quite suddenly and this time, deciding not to resist passion I felt rising inside of me, I kissed her back forcefully, thinking, "My God, I love the taste of this woman."

As she stroked, my member expanded from its foreskin and she continued to breathe calmly, warmly, and evenly on my neck. I had stopped dancing altogether and she was only swaying her hips gently to and fro. 

She whispered. "Mmmm. I like uncut men. You're exceptionally nice there." 

After another passionately deep kiss, I glanced over to the kitchen and bathroom area. Rather nervously, I wondered what Maggie must be thinking about what was clearly happening in the living area. She and Tom were standing in the kitchen area and Tom had poured her yet another rum and coke which they were both alternately drinking from. Quite to my surprise, Tom was completely erect and he was busy unbuttoning Maggie's plaid top. She certainly was not objecting in any way, and I continued to look on with a bit of a raised eyebrow. What happened next surprised me even more. Tom whispered something to her and she slowly (but with resolve,) ran her hand over his chest, down his abs, and reached down to feel him. Unlike me, he was cut, and rather larger than me as well. 

Maggie let her top fall and turned her back to Tom to give him access to her rain-damped bra. He swept his right hand over her back and in one move loosened her bra and, kissing her neck repeatedly and sucking rather savagely. I thought at the time, "she's sure to have marks from that tomorrow." He lowered her straps off her shoulders. Her bra fell to the floor with a soft plop.

Tom reached back onto the ribbed aluminium counter, and with one hand pressed the towel to her swollen breasts. He continued nibbling her neck and rather surprising to me, she reached back with her right hand and caressed the back of his neck as he stood behind her, while the other hand played over his very much swollen member. He moved down her torso to her somewhat rain-drenched shorts

Tom placed the towel back on the counter. He caught my eye and made no pretenses at "drying" Maggie, as he simply took on breast in each hand and began tugging on her nipples, stretching them out in front of Maggie. After a bit of this, during which I heard Maggie actually moan for him, he unzipped her knees length shorts and they too slid down her still-moist skin of her legs to the floor. Again he whispered something to her and she simply smiled and moved his left hand to the waistband of her panties. His hand quickly moved under them and it was clear that he was massaging her mons. I was somewhat dumbstruck that my generally shy, reserved wife was in the beginning throes of complete abandonment to the stranger, massaging her body. 

At the same time, I was so happily hypnotised by seeing Maggie in an obvious state of sexual excitement and ecstasy, that I almost lost focus on Holly and her movements. Holly guided my face with a gentle tug, and staring into my eyes asked, "Satisfied? I told you he was an expert at making women feel at ease discovering their inner passion." She stroked my cheek and offered her now swollen breasts to me. Tentatively at first, I sucked lightly on her left nipple whilst feeling the fullness of her right breast with my hand. I remember thinking at the time, "I may not be ready for this. For over 30 years, the only woman I have been with is Maggie. How can I do this?" 

Those thoughts were rather quickly swept aside as I felt Holly's nipples harden to the deep suction of my lips, When I bit lightly, she squeezed my now fully erect cock with extra vigour. I released the pressure on her breast, fearing that I had hurt her, but as she moaned with her mouth open and pressed me into her breast, I knew that she, like Maggie, was beginning to feel the heat of sexual excitement. 

I vaguely heard Tom order Maggie to get on her knees, which she promptly did kissing her way down his body. Perhaps owing to some strange female synchrony in the villa, Holly suddenly responded to the same urgency. She too started sinking to her knees, sliding her hands down my body. As she descended, she kissed me first on my chest, paying special attention to my nipples, and as she worked her way down my body with kisse. My hands moved excitedly over her shoulders, then her breasts in an almost animal abandon. When I felt her lips at the fines hair over my abs, I groaned involuntarily, throwing my head back, and then pushing her shoulders forcefully, downward into my wiry pubic hair. 

The Rising

She paused for a few moments to caress my shaft with each of her cheeks. looking up into my eyes with her mouth open in a sultry pose. Hear hair felt like finest silk sliding over my abs and my member. She paused to lick the drop of pre-cum from my tiny slit. At last Maggie's lips found my aching erection with a forcefulness that momentarily took my breath away. To say that I moaned would be an understatement. It was more a loud animal groan that, at the time, I believed could be heard for miles. I looked over, slightly embarrassed to my wife and the object of her attention to see whether I had caused any reaction. 

I needn't have worried, Maggie and Tom were in their own world and could not have cared less about the other side of the villa. Only when I saw Maggie suck Tom's large member -- one hand stroking him and the other working his small erect nipples—I began to realize how much pent-up passion this beautiful woman embodied and how much I had taken her for granted. Our lovemaking had, over the course of our marriage become rather perfunctory, and I was not the most romantic of souls. Now here she was, giving herself fully to her passions, sucking Tom with wild, enthusiastic abandon, and I could only say to myself, "My god, you're sexy and beautiful! Good on you!"

For his part, Tom was responding to this, perhaps the best blowjob of his life, by moaning and yelping like a puppy. He thrust his hips in and out of my wife's face rapidly, both hands on her head, forcing her to maintain the pace. Whenever he went too deeply, she gagged but gamely tried to accommodate him. 

All the while, Holly's style contrasted to Maggie's. She worked me very slowly to bring my passion to the boil. Her mouth went deep and slow with each stroke, her tongue sliding over the bottom of my red, swollen member. On each thrust of her mouth, her lips dragged over my shaft as she managed to take most of me in each time. On each return, her head would move slowly back and I felt a wonderful suction. I moved my hips in time to her action, and the whole experience felt like a dream, with the music seeming to echo her rhythm and the wind outside slowly mounting in intensity. Clearly experienced with men, she was in complete control of my body and my reactions. Although I felt I could cum at any moment, I also knew that my orgasms were clearly something she intended to control and to own.

Trying vainly to control my body, I cast a momentary sidelong glance over to my wife and Tom to take my mind off my own urgency. By now she was moaning at the feast she was enjoying; fingering her clit with one hand while pulling Tom close, her other hand lovingly squeezing his tight butt. Knowing my wife's oral capabilities, I guessed that Tom would not be able to hold out much longer. Sure enough, Maggie began to slow her pace, perhaps sensing how far gone he was. She reached for his cock with her free hand, pumping his shaft expertly, but did not take her mouth away from his cock as she always did from mine during a blowjob. I sensed Tom's explosion from clear across the room, and once again I was surprised to see Maggie happily continuing to blow him. In the light of the villa's lamp, I could see his cock coated with cum as she continued to work him. Her lips and one cheek were slick and white with his ejaculate. He begged her to relax, and tried to pull from her, but she too was in the grips of sensual ecstasy. 

After several moments passed, her mouth slid from him, revealing his deep rosy cock with its crimson head. She rose unsteadily to rinse his cum from her mouth (they were both a bit unsteady by this time) but he pulled her back saying, "No you don't – Swallow it; all of it. It's good for you." I expected her to firmly rebuff him, but instead, she did as he commanded. He smiled broadly, now taking her hand more tenderly and pulled her back to him. With a finger of his free hand he wiped the cum from her face and fed it to her, which she eagerly accepted, then her kissed her full on the lips. He put his arms around her waist and they continued kissing.

An aside here to explain that I had become accustomed to knowing Maggie's usual reaction to elements of lovemaking, so this tenderness and subservience on her part with a different partner came as a huge shock to me. I knew that she had "coloured outside the lines" a couple times in our marriage (from snooping on her chatting and other totally boorish and wrongheaded behavior,) and rather than accepting her need to experiment and enjoy other men, I had reacted like a complete idiot, doing my best to wreck our marriage. It was only now, seeing her blossom into the sensual woman that I had done my best to repress for most of our marriage that I realised the extent of the damage I had done to both of us. How I longed to apologise to her and tell her how incredible I thought she looked sucking Tom's cock, but that apology would have to wait for another day. For now, I was overjoyed to see her so happy and smiling. Tom led her to the turquoise sofa, and they sat to watch us as he recovered his libido. As they sat together, Maggie's legs slightly parted, with her one leg over his, they began kissing deeply again. I had a feeling that once the wonderful perfume of her always-fragrant pussy that it would be he who would be on his knees, a "goner", subservient to her every wish.