 The Storm Rages

Outside, the storm intensified with a steady rain and somewhat howling winds. Inside, secure in the Club's well-built, with its light and warmth, I was in another world. I felt the urgent need to cum as Maggie now picked up the pace of sucking and licking my own cock. Every man reading this will know that feeling of being so close to the verge; of being at the point of no return, with ones cock pulsating and ready to explode, and a tightness in the loins that only a climax will relieve. Holly must have been familiar with this as well because just as I approached the point of no return, her hand slid softly off my ass, which she had been squeezing, and down my leg. She reached suddenly and squeezed my balls, taking my passion down several notches in an instant. It hurt of course, but it was a delicious kind of hurt and for a reason I would soon approve of most heartily.

Maggie pulled her lips from my shaft, exposing it to the cool draft of the A/C and said firmly, but not unkindly, "Not yet big boy. I need your hot mouth to do a little work." She rose, steadying herself on my legs and then my trunk, took my hand and turned to the king sized bed. Maggie looked at us momentarily, and cautioned Holly, "Watch out Holly, he is really good at this." 

Holly replied, "That's what I am hoping." Maggie went back to Tom, whose mouth was firmly planted on one of Maggie's beautiful rosebud nipples, and whose right hand was starting to massage her mons.

Holly laid back on the bed, spreading her legs apart, her knees bent and her arms outstretched. Again, I innately sensed that although I would be pushing her to the brink, she would never let either of us climax until it was her decision. A rather extraordinary woman I thought, but in truth all conscious thought was beginning to leave me as I gazed on her parted pussy lips, glistening with wetness and then was suddenly overcome by the heady scent of the desire coming from between her legs. At first, I thought she wanted me inside her just then, and so I laid on top of her. We kissed deeply and I tasted a bit of myself in her kiss. She broke from the kiss, and said, "Jack, I need to feel your mouth on me so badly I ache. Please honey."

No man could possibly resist a request like that. I began sliding down the bed and down her body as well. I stopped at each of her breasts, paying them the homage they were due, gently sucking each one up from her body. At the same time, my right hand slid down her smooth skin and felt her tummy, taut from passion, but padded by that wonderful little layer of fat that most women hate but real men love. As my hand passed over the swell of her tummy, I felt her breath quicken. Then as I felt the soft down of her pubic hair, I heard her hiss, "Yesssss" from between slightly parted lips. My lips followed to the place where my hand now rested. I took in the heady scent of her moist pussy while my lips were still kiccing her downy pussy hair. I was so glad that she wasn't one of those "landing strip" types who shave off one of the most wonderful sexual signals their bodies can offer. Holly was full and lush there, and it only served to enhance my excitement. 

Now after teasing her a bit, my mouth rested on her mons and my two fingers began to massage the swollen sides of her pussy lips on either side of her clit. I inserted two fingers inside her, and as I drew them back the full impact of her scent hit me and I simply lost all notion of rational thinking, attacking her pussy with my lips, my tongue, and my fingers. Now I understood how Maggie must have felt, her pent-up passion finding a willing target in Tom, and dictating her pace in blowing him.

I was now simply a willing slave to Holly's pussy. My lips. my tongue, my fingers could not get enough of the feel and the taste of her. Whereas my Maggie's personal perfume was like a full bodied Pinot Noir, Holly was like a Reisling, lighter and softer. By far, I much prefer Maggie, but in the her and now of eating Holly's pussy, she had my rapt attention. In the minutes that ensued, my tongue darted in and out of her in a way that was not in my control, but more in hers as she held my head tightly to her womanhood. the softness of her thighs and both her hand formed a sweet trap that not man could ever desire to escape. I continued to fuck her with my tongue until my jaw ached, but somehow, I had no desire to stop or even change position. Once I looked up over the precipice of her mons, through her soft down to see her neck arched and her mouth open as though in silent prayer. 

I was so satisfied to bring her to this place of wanton passion that I momentarily forgot about my own need. For most of my marriage, I had hardly ever brought Maggie to orgasm, and certainly not this way. Seeing Holly in the throes of unbridled happiness and hearing the moans and simple "yes's" from her made me feel indescribably happy somehow. Though I love Maggie desperately, I knew that she needed other men and other experiences to bring her joy. It was no reflection on our happiness as a couple, but rather a simple human truth that I was only now beginning to realise. It was probably much the same thing for Holly. She and Tom loved each other, but in this moment, I was the focus of her sexuality, and I was responsible for her joy.

Soon, I began moving in earnest on her clit. My Maggie's clit is lovely and big, and stands out when she's aroused. Holly's was rather smaller, and heavily hooded. Even so, I began to feel it swell to its full extent as I directly pushed against it with the flat of my tongue. 

I continued to fuck her rapidly with my fingers, and heard her say "Oh God, Yesssss." through clenched jaws. It was then that I knew that she was on the verge, and past her personal point of no return. 

Seconds later, I was rewarded, with a loud, "Ohhhhh Yes, yes. I'm coming. Oh God, don't stop." I felt her hips bucking upwards, out of her control and tasted her thickened juices as she flowed without stopping.   

I grabbed both lush cheeks of her ass and continued to torture her soaking pussy by burying my whole face in her crotch, whilst massaging her buns with my hands. After hearing her pleading for me to release her, I slowly rose to lie beside her. She finally recovered her wits a bit and looked over at me then we kissed slowly and tenderly.

On the turquoise sofa in the living area, Maggie reclined while Tom, now on his knees, worshipped Maggie's pussy as she opened to him. Her one leg was thrown over his shoulder and Tom had kissed his way up her thigh and was busily alternating between licking her lips starting at the bottom and sucking her clit with his lips each time he rose to the top.

The Storm Comes Full Strength

On the sofa, Maggie ran her hands through his hair, pulling him to her and judging from how erect her nipples were and the flutter of her tight tummy, I knew that she was in utter ecstasy. Over on the bed, I was becoming extremely excited again as well. I never knew how much of a turn-on it could be to see my wife enjoying another man, and the sight of her holding Tom to her pussy while massaging his back with her one foot, and caressing his hair with her hands was almost too much to bear. Holly could tell from my obvious state of excitement that the time was right to take the ultimate step. She reached over to her beach bag and found a foil packet. While I was massaging her pussy with my free hand, she squeezed the condom from the packet and rolled it onto my aching cock.

She reached up to my face and while we kissed deeply she maneuvered herself so that as I was rising my cock was now squarely aimed at her womanhood. I could hold back no longer and as I sank onto her body she guided my member into her slightly pulsating pussy. A pool of liquid heat suddenly surrounded my head. Holly lifted her hips to take more of me in her and as she fully took me in the sensation was electric. My whole body was on suddenly on fire with my cock at the centre of the conflagration. Holly moaned so loudly that I thought she might be in pain. She gripped my arms with both hands and then her hands slid down my back gripping my buns. She lifted her hips to meet my thrusts and I instinctively picked up the pace of fucking. My balls, full of cum, collided her pussy on every push and each time they did, she moaned. Every inch of my cock was now engulfed in her wet softness and as we rocked in an almost perfect rhythm, she became wetter and wetter, her pussy gripping me tightly. 

It seemed as though I could not thrust deeply enough, Every push left me wanting to penetrate her even more deeply, and every thrust was met with a equally passionate response from Holly. My eyes were closed in extreme passion; when I opened them momentarily I beheld her face. Her expression appeared both tense and almost pained, as she bit her lower lips with her brow furrowed in concentration as her passion mounted. My tension escalated as well, and my cock became even more swollen. I felt a tension in my belly that signaled that my climax was near. I slowed to try to extend the exquisite beauty of the moment, but Holly grabbed my ass to pull me in deeper.

Unnoticed by either of us, Tom and Maggie were approaching the bedroom and in moments they were tightly coupled like spoons on the other side of the king sized bed. Tom had his right arm draped over Maggie and was fervently working her tits. For her part, Maggie's right leg was draped back over his right thigh and she was lightly stroking his cock which had sprung to life again. As Holly and I slowed a bit to watch them, I was conscious of how our sweat had mingled and how sensuous it felt for our bodies to be united in the most intimate way.

Tom whispered to Maggie, "Honey, I hate the condom thing. I need to feel all of you. Don't worry though, I can pull before I cum, if you insist." 

Maggie's simple reply was a single loud moan, as she pulled his cock forward to allow him to penetrate her from behind. Looking across to them, I saw them lazily begin to rock together; their breathing quickening in a lust-driven harmony. 

I turned back to my partner and quickened my pace. Seeing Maggie being fucked this way, seeing her excitement was an unbelievable turn-on for me. In this, our first experience with another couple, it was clear that this would not be our last. Beneath me, Holly began to moan loudly and it was clear that she was reaching the point of no return. She thrust her hips up to me wildly and in a sudden rush, I could feel the throbbing of her orgasm. Wave after wave of climax came over her and as I felt this, I passed my own point of no return. My cock was swollen with that last second expansion that comes just before climax. 

I knew that Holly could feel my fast-approaching orgasm too as she urged me on. "Cum baby. Cum hard," she exhorted me.

I could contain it no longer and suddenly my body bucked forward as I came over and over. I felt the hot rush of my cum barely, contained by the condom flooding over my shaft. I nearly collapsed onto Holly as the aftershocks of my orgasm became the entire focus of my existence. As my member began to shrink back to normalcy, I very reluctantly pulled from Holly's still hot and throbbing pussy. I lay beside her in the afterglow of our joining, holding her body close.