 The Climax of the Storm

Meanwhile, Maggie's petite body rock back and forth with Tom as he repeatedly penetrated her. Lying on her side, being vigourously fucked, I got a completely new perspective on just how beautiful a woman Maggie is, in a situation I would never normally see. Tom lifted her leg over his and worked her clit with his free hand. I watched his cock savage her pussy over and over and delighted in the joy on her face and the rosy glow of her skin as her body rushed toward climax. Tom was stroking in and out with seemingly the same fury as the storm outside our snug villa. Seeing my wife's slick juice on his shaft, I was reminded that they were fucking bareback and a small wave of envy came over me. I knew how wonderful it felt to fuck my wife with nothing in the way of the wonderful feel of her pussy, and I smiled at his luck.

I knew that neither of them would be able to break the ecstasy in time for him to pull and within minutes, Maggie moaned out loud, again and again, overwhelmed by the strength of her climax. I had not given her a climax like that for years, perhaps ever, and yet here was this beautiful woman, giving into the passion in a way that she had seldom (if ever) for me. Far from being put off by this, I was ecstatic, thinking this was long overdue for her, and that if anyone deserved this level of joy, it was Maggie. As I held Holly and felt warm, smooth skin touch mine in the satisfaction of wonderful sex, I watched Tom coming to his own point of no return. Maggie's pussy was stretched by his stroking and I could see my wife's juices continue to lubricate has passage.

Maggie was obviously feeling aftershocks from her orgasm as was continuing to cum. 

Tom said, "I'm so close. Should I pull?" 

Maggie reached behind to hold his waist and said in a rushed, breathy voice, "I need to feel your cum inside me, Tom. Cum baby. Cum inside me." 

Tom needed no further encouragement, stroking her wet, rosy red pussy a few more times and came violently. I watched as he grimaced. Embracing Maggie, holding her tight, his cum streamed into her again and again, filling her aching pussy with his thick cum.

As he pulled, the outrushing air made happy little noises coming from Maggie's pussy, along with a flow of cum. Maggie had a glow such as I had never witnessed in the 30 years of our marriage. She relaxed into Tom's arms and back into the pillow. Maggie's response to Tom shocked me on to grounds, and still does. First, I should mention here that Maggie is still fertile, and had not been taking an precautions since my vasectomy two years earlier. Secondly, I have to say (though it causes me embarassment) I have never seen Maggie climax so strongly.

The Aftermath 

Outside, the wind whipped the palms and other Orient Beach vegetation against our villa. Inside, four slightly exhausted and now intimate friends and lovers lay back and let the storm play itself out across the surface of St. Martins.

As the storm left us, a lasting memory I have is that of the four of us sleeping like spoons, me between Holly and Maggie, my left arm around Holly, relishing in the lingering salty-sweet scent of our shared sweat, feeling my member, sticky with cum. With my cock resting against her soft, ample ass, I watched her breasts rise and fall with each light breath. Maggie's left arm was lightly around my waist, and Tom's arm around her. I thought at first his cock was simply resting against her ass. But I later found out, and Maggie confirmed, that he was inside her most of the night as they half slept and half fucked. 

Indeed, as I recall now, I seem to remember once dreamily glancing back over my shoulder, watching him as he held her, seeing his hips press forward into her from behind, They were both half asleep, but unwilling to break the contact. He stroked her infrequently. I saw Maggie, smiling in her sleep or feigning sleep moaning with quiet satisfaction each time he pushed into her pussy, renewing her arousal. Mostly I sensed a steady thrum of their coitus rather than seeing directly though

Gradually, I fell asleep. Perhaps an hour or so later, I either awoke or perhaps I simply dreamed that though half closed eyes. I saw Maggie on her knees, with Tom doggie fucking her. Maggie rocked violently against his hips in the feeble light of the beside lamp Too spent to watch any more, I closed my eyes. My last remembrance was of Tom tugging my wife's nipples and then suddenly spanking her ass hard. I haven't asked her since whether this actually happened or I dreamed it, but rest assured Maggie both gave and received more orgasms than we normally would have shared in a month. (Note: In looking over this journal Maggie has since confirmed that they did indeed fuck another time in the wee hours for what she said seemed to go on for many long minutes.) 

An interesting side note is that she told me back at home, two days later, that she was still finding traces of his cum inside. She told me that every time she looked at her neck in the mirror and saw the passion marks Tom had left, or brushed some of his cum from her pussy she felt an intense tingle or memory.

We haven't seen, emailed or talked with Tom and Holly since. Perhaps we were too ordinary for their taste; perhaps they simply prefer to keep their lives compartmented. In any event, they were an unforgettable couple, and I hope you're someday lucky enough to get to know them (or even to know us, come to that.)

Maggie and I left that Saturday, having discovered new things about ourselves as a couple and each other. I learned by watching how Tom and Maggie made love just how orgasmic my wonderful wife can be. In the ensuing months, we have had so much high quality sex that it feels like being newlyweds again. Now that we have discovered the joys of sex for its own sake, both of us have been thinking hard about "lifestyle" clubs in our area and have discussed our next foray. 

Maggie and I both believe marriage is for love and if you're luck even for a lifetime; we now know and feel that marriage doesn't however demand sexual exclusivity (in fact that can be deadly for a marriage,) and if you're given the opportunity to discover this as we did, it may well bring untold new heights of sexual joy and new growth as human beings. It may even improve and already great marriage. 

What happened that night on Orient Beach was a unique circumstance, abetted by the storm. Without being forced to share the villa, Maggie would never have blossomed sexually, I would never have seen how really hot she is, I would never have slept with Holly, who will recognize herself if she reads this, and perhaps remember the incredible shared climaxes that made us forever closer than most humans ever experience. 

This episode is now a fond memory. Names were changed to protect anonymity, and a couple of details rearranged, forgotten, or misremembered. Before writing this, I tried to let enough time pass so that others who were at Club O at the time will hopefully have forgotten us for the most part.

One interesting update I can give is that since starting to write this down, we have gotten 2 offers to get together with local couples, who told us that they read this account. We are not sure we are going to take either of them up on the offer, but we are considering it. 

For now, I can report only that we are leaning toward one of the couples who are in their early 60's, discreet, and from their pictures, I have to say she is a total knockout and Maggie, the little minx, already commented on the size of his package.The other couple is in their mid-40's; in either case only time will tell. If we do hook up and enough readers want me to try to journal what happens, I will try to do a decent job of reporting. 

(end of In the Eye of the Hurricane)