 Sherry and Corey planned this trip for months and now the day was finally here. Their plane lands at the airport in Montego Bay and after they claim their luggage and clear customs, the couple jumps into a luxury limo for the hour long drive to Ocho Rios. 

Being the only two people in the limo they find time to stretch out on the cushy, leather seats. There's a bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice with the following note. 

"Here's hoping your trip starts off on the right foot," but there's no card to say who it's from. 

With a "pop" of the cork, they open the bottle and pour the Champagne in the glasses provided. Clinking their glasses, they make a toast, 

"Let us live, love and fuck like rabbits." 

Both laugh at the silly toast.

Drinking the champagne, her thoughts are turning to sex. She wonders if it's the champagne talking, or perhaps it's the heat from outside or maybe the thought of seven glorious days basking in the Jamaican sun. 

They finish the bottle of champagne just as the limo turns into the long drive to her hotel. The flowing rows of hibiscus welcome them while their perfume permeates the limo. The couple checks in and are escorted to their room by a beautiful woman named Alexandra. 

She shows them around the room, waves a hand at the king-sized four poster bed, complete with canopy. The separate living room, with French doors that open to a private balcony, which has a spectacular view of the large white sandy beach. Yet another set of French doors opens to the large whirlpool tub that sits outdoors along with an outdoor shower, 

"All of which is completely private," she says with a wink. 

They both smile at her, knowing that they will both get full use. 

Just prior to leaving, Alexandra informs them that she will be their 'personal care' assistant during the stay and that if they need anything, to just call her at extension 77. She laughs as she says. 

"Extension 69 was already taken." again with her sexy smile and another wink. 

They decide it's time to start their vacation and with a pat on her perfectly shaped ass, he suggests that they put on their swim suits and go to the pool. 

She quickly removes her clothes and says, 

"Okay, I'm ready."

He turns to look at her standing there completely naked. Never being one to look away, he takes his time looking at her from head to toe and back up again. Her exquisite body causes his cock to stir. He can feel it begin to rise and throb. 

She notices it as well, but she's feeling devilish, saying 

"C'mom. Let's go!" and heads towards the door.

He grabs her arm pulling her towards him and kisses her long and hard. She pulls away,looks up at him and smiles before saying,

"Hmm, that was nice. I hope there's more of that later." 

She then grabs her robe and walks out the door. 

Staring at her in amazement, he asks, 

"Aren't you forgetting something?." 

"Oh, yes. How could I forget," she replies and grabs her copy of Vogue magazine. 

Shaking his head, he thinks to himself, What a truly fantastic woman. Quickly, he puts on a suit and follows her out the door. 

They walk around the grounds of their resort, taking notice of the many bars and restaurants. The Cabana Bar, the Lobby Bar, the Sports Bar and what's sure to be a personal favorite, the Pool Bar. 

It was already full with people, so they found a sunny spot to lie down at and got the attention of a waitress who was making her rounds. Ordering the local specialty drink (rum, pineapple juice and triple sec) served with the obligatory pastel umbrella, they again toast to whatever their vacation brings. 

The next day they decide to venture out. After talking to the locals who them told about a beautiful waterfall that's hidden away from the normal tourist paths, they contact Alexandra and ask if she's aware of this place and can she help with transportation. 

With a quick nod and the now familiar smile and wink, Alexandra makes arrangements so that they can venture out that afternoon. She tells them to wear something that they won't care if it gets dirty, as it's a short hike through the dense rain forest. 

They head back to their suite and get ready for their adventure. He quickly removes his clothes and catches her looking at his nakedness. 

Sherry tries to look away, but is drawn to Corey's cock. Knowing that she's looking turns him on and his cock begins to stir. Not wanting to waste a good opportunity, she reaches over and begins to stroke it. Her hands feel good. So good that he's thinking to himself that the hike will have to wait. 

He helps her out of your bikini and sarong, exposing her perfect breasts. His hands move across each breast, taking her nipples in each and gently pulls on them with thumb and forefingers. He kisses her deeply. 

Just as hey start to explore each other's body, they hear a slight cough and knock on the door. Looking up, they see Alexandra's head poking around the door to advise them that the cab is ready, again with her infectious smile and wink. 

Slightly embarrassed, the couple gets on their junk clothes and follows her to the waiting cab. It's not the limo we arrived in, but rather a VW van. A throw back from the late 60's. Surprisingly, it starts on the first try and she takes us away. 

She drives east and a little south, talking about the scenery along the way. During the conversation, she tells them that she's lived all over the world, but has settled here. She continues to drive further before stopping to get a few beverages for the hike. 

Alexandra informs them that the hike is wet, but not dangerous and suggests that they could make some mixed drinks to take along with. After the quick stop to make their beverage purchase, they continue on. During the ride, Alexandra talks more about the island and the local people.

Sherry finds herself listening less and less, and staring more and more at Alexandra. Her perfectly tanned body and shapely figure, her lips, so supple. While Sherry's thought about being with a woman before, she's never actually acted upon it. Sherry is surprised at the thoughts raging through her mind. 

Just then, Alexandra abruptly turns right and Sherry finds herself in Alexandra's lap. She apologizes for the sudden turn and mentions that she lost concentration and almost missed her turn. When Corey asked if she's okay to drive, Alexandra only nods yes, then adds

"I can't get you two out of my head." She winks and smiles. 

Corey asks somewhat surprised, 

"Us?" 

"Yes. I feel bad, but I saw you two in your room, just before I knocked. Well, actually, I watched for a couple of minutes first." 

Having heard what Alexandra said, Sherry leans up and kisses her on the cheek, telling her, 

"We like you too." 

Corey leans forward and helps Sherry back to her seat, but sees something in her eyes that he had never seen before. A certain look of lust. 

Alexandra stops the van and announces that they've arrived, or as close as they can get. Together, they exit the van, leaving all their inhibitions behind and grab their drinks. 

The hike is more of a walk up a gently sloping hill. Lush flora and fauna surrounds the trail and the pungent smell of flowers fills the air. Corey picks a couple of flowers and places them in each woman's hair, tucking them behind the ear. 

Sherry laughs at the silly romantic gesture, but kisses him anyways. He looks up at Alexandra and watches as her hands reach up to her chest and neck. He breaks their kiss and starts again on the hike. 

The further they go up the hill, the wetter it becomes and their footing becomes slippery. A few steps further, Corey slips and falls down, his clothes a muddy mess. 

Both women laugh out loud at his clumsiness and Corey grabs Sherry by the ankle and gives a little tug, pulling her down to join him in the muddy puddle. 

Alexandra laughs even louder. Sherry decides that it's only fair if they are all muddy, so she grabs ahold of her and pulls her down as well. She lets out a slight shriek as she falls down and Sherry scoops up some mud and tosses it at her. 

Pretending to be mad, Alexandra scoops up her own handful of mud and flings it back at Sherry, and then jumps on top of her, pressing her mud covered shirt into her face, laughing and giggling like a young girl. 

Sherry's breasts are pressing against Alexandra's, making her excited. She feels a familiar sensation in her pussy, one that longs to be relieved. 

Sherry surprises Alexandra as she aggressively turns and rolls her to her back. Now it's her body pressing against Alexandra's, their breasts pressing against each other. She brings her thigh up between Sherry's thighs. 

Sherry can feel the pressure of her knee against her pussy, making her ache for further touching. She looks down at Alexandra, staring into her eyes and she sees it in hers too, the longing, the burning desire to be touched and more. 

Sherry knows that she wants to continue, more touching, more teasing, more everything, but the moment passes and everyone starts laughing hysterically. 

Alexandra scoops up some mud and tells Sherry about the therapeutic benefits of a mud bath. She then rubs her hands together and places them on her arms, sliding them up to her exposed shoulders. She holds Sherry for a brief moment, then rubs mud on her as well. 

Alexandra starts on her arms, then up to her shoulders and neck. Watching her every move, Sherry finds herself even more attracted to this exotic woman. She asks her to use more mud on her. Alexandra scoops up more and repeats her movements. 

Corey continues to stare in awe at these two sexy women and wants to be a part of the experience, but doesn't want to ruin the moment either. 

Alexandra she suggests that they continue the hike, seeing as they are all already muddy, there was no reason to walk cautiously. They all take a big swallow of their drinks and move on. 

The path narrows and is slick with moss and mud. Every step becomes an adventure. While they were never in danger of getting hurt, they were rapidly losing their footing. Each of them take turns slipping and falling, getting muddier then before and still laughing at the other's misfortune.

Almost to the end, Alexandra encourages Sherry and Corey further, telling them that they can wash their clothes if we want to. 

Suddenly the trail ends. The young couple stares at the most beautiful falls either had ever seen. The water cascading 40 feet down into a deep pool. Awed by the sight, neither of them notice that Alexandra had left their side until they hear a splash in the water. 

Turning towards the noise, they see that Alexandra has removed her clothes and is swimming towards the falls. She motions for them to join in and then turns and swims through the falls. 

Excited and nervous, Sherry quickly removes her clothes and dives in. Corey quickly follows. He is surprised at the warmth of the water. He swims up behind Sherry, grasping her in his arms and tells her how beautiful she looks.

Sherry pulls the wet strands of hair from her face as she treads water, then kisses him. They decide that it might be better if they try to find their hostess. They swim towards the falls and plunge through. 

The water batters them as they swim and Corey dives beneath the pounding water and swims through. A short distance further he emerges into a small cave behind the falls with Sherry popping through a moment later. 

They see Alexandra sitting there waiting for them, completely naked. Her hand snakes down between her legs and she smiles at them and says, 

"I've been wanting to do this since you checked in to the resort." 

They stand on the rocks and watch as she closes her eyes and tilts her head back. Sherry's hands reach back towards Corey, feeling his cock already hard. She wants to feel it in her pussy, but she can't take her eyes off the naked woman in front of her. 

Sherry can feel herself becoming wet. She can feel the desire, the sexual tension building deep within her. She knows now that she cannot resist this woman. Corey is mesmerized by the intensity of Alexandra's moans as her fingers play with her clit, becoming Sherry to come closer. 

Sherry watches her crook her fingers and spreading her legs wider, inviting Sherry to visit her smoothly shaved pussy. She closes her eyes and leans back against the smooth rock waiting, wanting.

Sherry can't resist touching herself and then Alexandra. She reaches for her leg and Alexandra, opens her eyes, staring at her with wanton desire, then at Corey, searching for approval. 

She leans forward, taking Sherry's head in her hands and holds her. She bends her face close to hers, their eyes searching each other's, making sure that they both want it as badly as the other. 

Alexandra presses her lips to Sherry's, kissing her softly at first, but with more intensity as the minutes tick by. 

Alexandra pulls away and leans back, spreading her legs a little wider, pulling Sherry with her. She lays on top of her naked body, her mind is racing, what should she do? But sexual desire and instinct take over. 

Sherry kisses her belly, moving down lower and lower. Her hands reach up to touch Alexandra's breasts, caressing them, just as she likes having it done to her. She looks up, only briefly and motions for Corey to join. 

Lost in the moment, Sherry looks back at him with a lusty smile as he moves up behind her. Corey gently slides his fingers across her clit, feeling her wetness. Sherry returns her attention to Alexandra, looking into her eyes for approval. She smiles as she places her hands on Sherry's head and guides her to her own pussy. 

It's so wet and smooth, thinks Sherry. While she's never gone down on a woman before, she knows exactly what do to. Alexandra lets out a soft moan as Sherry's tongue glides up and down her clit. Taking that as encouragement, Sherry hungrily licks her harder and faster. 

Corey is amazed at the intensity of his lovers movements, at her eagerness to please this woman. Alexandra's soft purrs turn to loud moans and he becomes even more excited. 

Sherry's own pussy juices are flowing down her thighs and Corey can no longer resist as he moves his head between her legs and sucks on her clit, taking her pussy lips deep into my mouth. 

It's unlike any other sensations she's ever experienced and it's starting to drive Sherry wild. 

Alexandra is nearing her climax as her moans have turned to earthly groans. Her orgasm is building, deep from her loins and she begins to grind against Sherry's mouth, which turns Sherry on more than she ever thought possible. 

Alexandra's moans and grinds and Corey's tongue and hands are becoming too much for Sherry to handle, but she doesn't want to break away from her pussy. On a mission to make this woman cum, and cum hard, Sherry uses every ounce of concentration she has. 

The small cave is echoing with the sounds of lust, the sounds of three people all nearing a moment of ecstasy that none of them had imagined possible. The falls behind them add to the intensity of the moment, its loud thunder of thousands of gallons of water falling forty feet, crashing into the pool below. 

At that moment both Alexandra and Sherry begin to cum. Lifting her ass off the floor of the cave, Alexandra grasps Sherry's head in her hands, holding her, not letting you go and not wanting her to stop. 

As she bucks wildly with her orgasm, Corey increases the pressure of his tongue on Sherry's pussy, sliding his thumb deep inside her, finding the infamous G spot. The feeling is sensational, as Sherry screams out his name as she cums.

"Oh Yes. Oh Fuck Corey, that feels so good. I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming!"

Corey's own orgasm takes little time as he's been stoking his cock while licking Sherry's pussy. He inserts his cock into her drenched hole, barely giving her time to come down from her orgasm. His strokes keep her stimulated and she can feel another orgasm building. 

Alexandra watches as he grabs her hips and fucks with a reckless abandon. She gazes into Sherry's eyes again, smiling, knowing that she's getting close. She leans in, kisses her on the mouth, their tongues swirling with the others. 

Corey tells Sherry that he's about ready to cum, so she reaches between her legs, placing two fingers on her clit and explodes into another earth shaking orgasm. 

Her moans have put Corey over the top and he pulls his cock out, stroking it until he explodes his cum on her back and over her shoulder. 

Alexandra rubs his hot cum all over Sherry's body before licking her fingers to taste his essence.

Weak in the knees, Corey has to hold onto the floor so he doesn't fall down. 

Alexandra looks at them with her now familiar smile and of course, a wink, saying,

"Welcome to Jamaica Mon!"