 Girls sure do look different than when I was in high school. Take Candy Jesco. This girl has tits that rival those of the unrealistically big-bosomed women depicted the cover of all those fantasy cartoon books. How she can cheer with those 40DD melons bouncing all over the place, I don't know. I just know that I've been fantasizing about attaching my mouth to them from the first day she walked into my classroom. 30 years ago a girl would be expelled from school for wearing some of the outfits Candy strutted around in. 30 years ago every other girl in school would shun her and label her a slut whether she actually fucked anyone or not. Yet Candy was as equally popular with the girls as she was with the guys. The only thing that hadn't changed was that girls like her were always the subject of every school boy's dreams. For that matter, she was the subject of a lot of the teacher's dreams as well. I was no different.

Fast approaching middle age, my hormones were taking a dangerous detour. I could not stop thinking about Candy and her tantalizing globs of flesh. Candy just turned 18; a high school senior in the body of a seasoned porn actress. More than once I very discretely unzipped my pants and jerked myself off behind my desk while the students worked on an essay assignment. Sometimes I would compose my own little stories, detailing how, when, and where I would fuck Candy if I knew teachers wouldn't get fired for fucking their students.

One of my most favorite stories involves me teaching a sex education class to seniors. Candy is the only girl among two dozen guys, which makes it convenient for using her to demonstrate the various aspects of human sexuality.

"Candy," I call to her, "front and center. I need your assistance for today's lesson."

"Yes Mr. Finch." she dutifully replies and saunters up to the front of the classroom.

"As you boys can see, Candy is a girl. What's more, she is a girl with a helluva nice body."

"Thank you Mr. Finch."

"You're welcome sweatheart." The boys are drooling already. "Now, I know that some of you may have already had some sexual experiences but that in truth, most of you haven't, despite what you have told your friends." I see a lot of the boys give suspicious looks at each other, trying to figure out who's been lying and who hasn't. I continue with my lecture.

"Today we are going to talk about the female anatomy. Candy, please take off your clothes." Without a word, Candy strips down and stands before the class in all her naked glory. I pick up my pointing stick and rest the tip on her nipple. "This, gentleman, are breasts. Specifically, this is her nipple." I decide I don't need the stick and hang it back up on the hook. I stand behind her and cup her tits in my hands. "They contain the mammary glands from which babies drink milk through these." I give her nipples a nice hard pinch.

"As you can see, her nipples are hard. When a baby suckles its mother's tit, the nipple remains soft. But in the mater of sexual stimulation, by rubbing and pinching them, just as I am doing, they grow hard and erect."

"Another way to stimulate the hardening of the nipple is to suck it, much the same way that a baby would. Nibbling the nipples is also extremely effective. Watch as I demonstrate." I move around to the front and take the nearest nipple into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around the erect tip before flicking it across it. I notice with satisfaction that Candy is beginning to breathe in short, warm gasps. I then clasp it between my teeth and bite down, bringing Candy to a fine line between pleasure and pain. Though she remains silent, her moans become more vocal. I perform the same nibbling on her other nipple much to Candy's delight, and mine for that matter.

"There. Nice, big, hard nipples." I pronounce as I squeeze her tits together to give the boys a better look at them. "Now, two at a time, I want you to come up and try it yourself."

As each pair of boys come to her and sucked her tits, Candy's moans grow louder. The slut is really getting into this lesson. Good. She is ready for the next one. Once the last pair of boys sit down I look over at her. Her shaven cunt is already glistening. Cum is even dripping down her inner thigh. I smack my lips in anticipation of the next lesson.

"Very good Candy. Now please take a seat on top of my desk and spread your legs for the class. Yes, that's right. That's perfect."

"And this, gentleman," I continue as I point a finger directly over her cunt, "is her vagina. You all know that this is where you insert your penis during sexual intercourse but what many of you may or may not know, is that this is an ideal location to insert other objects, namely your tongue, finger, or even a dildo. First let me demonstrate the use of a dildo."

I reach into my desk drawer and pull out a ridiculously large, black dildo. I rub the tip up and down her clit, mixed it with teasing forays of partial insertions into her quivering pussy.

"Notice her reaction while I vigorously rub her clitoris as I begin to insert fully the dildo into her vagina." Candy releases an unintelligible grunt as I slowly push the dildo into her tight pussy. I let it rest there and address the class once more. "Now watch closely. I am going to repeat the insertion and with much more force. Note the increase in the volume of Candy's groans and the involuntary reactionary movement of her hips." I begin to pump the dildo in and out of her pussy as hard and fast as I could. The effect was immediate. Candy begins screaming, begging for me to do it harder and deeper. I ram it into her again and again while her hips buck against it. I have two boys come forward and hold her legs up. I intensify the thrusting to the limit of my physical capability.

"Cum, you fucking cunt, cum." I mutter under my breath. Finally, after Candy throws back her head, arches her back, her body stiffens as she screams out,

"I'm cuuuummmminnnnngggg!" I pull the dildo out and see that it is dripping with white, creamy globs of her pussy cum.

"A side note. Some girls, after having had an orgasm by this manner, enjoy sucking on the instrumentation of their climax." I hand Candy the cum-covered dildo, which she greedily sucks and licks clean of every last drop.

"Some of you also may have heard me utter some words your parents probably instructed you to never say within their earshot. It is not uncommon for girls to achieve a higher state of arousal when you speak to them in such a manner." I turn to Candy, still quivering from her orgasm, "You like being called a slut, don't you? Tell me and the rest of the class, how does it make you feel to be called things like slut and whore?"

"It makes me horny Mr. Finch."

"Fine then. For the rest of the lesson you will be referred to as 'slut'. Will that suit you?"

"Oh yes Mr. Finch. I love it when guys call me slut."

"Besides the dildo, the finger and tongue technique can be quite effective. Once more I shall demonstrate on the slut." Again, I have a couple of the boys come forward to hold up Candy's legs. "If you look closely, you can see that her vagina is very wet. And what you see oozing out of it is cum. For some people, it is an acquired taste. For others, it is an intoxicating drink of sheer delight. Whether you like the taste or not, for the girl, next to a penis or a dildo, tongue is what she enjoys most in her vagina." I insert three of my fingers into her cunt and begin to flick my tongue across her hardened clit. She tastes better than I expect. I finger fuck her for awhile, trying to push her into a frenzy of hip bucking. Several hard, deep thrusts added with intense flicks of my tongue across her clit and she is grinding against my hand like an animal. Again, her familiar screams fill the room and fuel my lust. I lose control and grab her ass, pulling her cunt onto my tongue. I dig into her, searching for her sweet honey cream in every hidden crevice my tongue can reach. I forget about the class and I give her the tongue-fucking of my life. I am drunk with lust, with hunger. I need her to cum on my tongue, in my mouth. I am barely aware of her orgasmic screams as I greedily lap up my reward. I never could control myself when it came to pussy.

A little embarrassed, I turn to face the class. "As you can see, sometimes it is easy to get carried away and lose one's self-control when eating pussy." I wipe my chin against my sleeve. "And when a girl has pussy that tastes as good as Miss Slut here, well, I'll let you find that out for yourself."

The boys all line up, one by one, each to take their turn at eating Candy's pussy. She has enough cum for everyone to get a good mouthful along with earfuls of her obscene animalistic groans. Every last one of the boys returns to his seat with a satisfied grin on his face in having learned that his teacher spoke the truth. By now, most them have hard-ons that are bulging against the crotch of their jeans. They, as well as Candy, are ready to proceed.

"Before we begin the final stage of today's lesson, the act of sexual intercourse itself, I want the slut to demonstrate fellatio. This is an important part of the process leading up to sexual intercourse and is an action performed by the girl on the guy's penis that is the counterpart to cunnilingus, the eating of a girl's pussy." I unzip my pants to release my stiffend cock. I am proud of my cock. At 48 it still has plenty of length and circumference to please any woman. I take my 14 inches of meet and present it to Candy's waiting mouth. I know guys probably enjoy having their cocks sucked more than the girls enjoy sucking it, but Candy? The look of hunger in her eyes as she takes my cock into her hands, guiding it into her mouth, I knew without a doubt that she is enjoying this just as much as I am. She moves her talented mouth and tongue up and down my shaft while one of her hands plays with my balls, which she briefly sucks into her mouth and caresses with her tongue. It is Candy's turn now to lose control. She pulls my cock back into her mouth, grabs on to my ass for leverage and begins a dizzingly fast bobbing up and down of her head. She amazes me as she takes in my entire length. I get the hint and grab her head and begin to literally fuck her mouth, pumping into it like it was her pussy.

"Suck it baby. Suck it like the slut you are." I gasp under my breath as I increase the intensity of my thrusts. I can't believe the bitch is taking it. I push harder and faster and still she meets me thrust for thrust.

"Drink my cum you whore!" I moan loudly as I pull her head down over my cock for one last thrust. My cum bursts forth and fills her mouth. She hungrily swallows every load, every drop until I am exhausted. Without a word, I motion to the boys to line up for their turn.

Some of the boys never get past one or two thrusts before they cum in her mouth. Others last as long as I did and squirt just as much cum down her greedy throat. After the last boy sits down, she licks her lips in satisfaction.

By now I have recovered and with a little hand stimulation while watching Candy suck 24 other cocks besides mine, I am ready to instruct the class for the final phase of today's lesson.

"As much as we all enjoyed the fellatio demonstration, now comes the best and final part. As you can see my cock is stiff and hard and ready to insert in that slutty cunt of hers. I suggest you all masturbate during my final demonstration so that you will be sufficiently prepared to fuck our wonderful assistant. And for an added treat, I will have our little slut turn around and position herself on all fours. This way, for those of you who are unable to achieve an erection with self-stimulation, who will no doubt attain it through fellatio."

Once Candy's sweet ass is facing me, I waste no time in shoving my cock as deep up her cunt as I can. I hold nothing back. I am not her teacher while I fuck her, I am the stranger that stumbles out of the desert after having been lost for years without seeing one sign of a woman. I pound my cock into her again and again, making her immense tits giggle and sway like crazy. I can feel myself building up to a massive orgasm. I pull out and shoot my load of cum all over her ass and before I know what I'm doing, I push my still hard cock into her cum-covered shit hole. I needn't have worried. Candy's begging cries for me to fuck her ass fills my ears. As I happily pound away in her ass, one boy approaches Candy from the front and presents her mouth with his cock. Once she accepts it, it is like a signal to the rest of the boys to gather around the desk for the sexual melee. After I fill her ass with my cum, I step back and the boys take over. They all take their turns fucking her cunt, her ass and her mouth. It starts with two guys at the same time. Then one of them gets the bright idea to hold her body up so that he can slide in beneath her and before the next guy takes his place between her legs, he quickly slides in his cock and instructs the dejected boy to fuck her ass. For the rest of the period I watch Candy get fucked by 24 guys in every available hole. At one point they flip her around so that her tits can be devoured while she continues to be fucked in her mouth, cunt and ass. For Candy, it's the more the merrier taking on as much as 7 guys all at once.

By the time they are through, she is covered from head to toe with cum. Her hair is matted with the stuff but she doesn't seem to mind it one bit. She contents herself with scooping up the cum onto her fingers and licking it off.

"How did I do?" she asks as I hand her a towel so that she can clean herself off and get dressed. She'd have to go to the girl's locker room to wash the cum out of her hair though.

"A 'C'."

"A 'C'? Certainly I deserve more than that." she says in a huff.

"I'd give you an 'A +' but then I wouldn't be able to insist you come back after school for some private tutoring." I explain with a grin.

"Oh, I see. I'll see you then Mr. Finch." she responds happily as she heads for the door.

"And don't be late or I'll give you extra homework."

"I'll make sure I'm late then."

"Promises, promises." I whisper softly. The bell rings, bringing me back to reality. I longingly watch Candy's ass pass through the door and on to her next class. My hand moves back to my still hard cock. I have a few minutes left to jerk myself off some more before the next class arrives.