 Dr. Jayde Munroe stood at the entrance to her dream. 'The Clinic' had taken her three years of hard work but finally it was complete. It was an idea borne from Jayde's experience of working with sexually dysfunctional couples. She had found she had a natural inclination to understand the barriers to sexual liberation and had helped many couples find a new spark through trying new sexual experiences. 

Of course it helped enormously that Jayde herself was very highly sexed and had tried most sexual practices over the years. As a stunningly attractive 32-year-old brunette, she was blessed not just with a lithe figure but had achieved her professorship in record time. Being able to combine her natural talent with business was a dream come true. She was also thankful for her benefactors, a young wealthy couple who were so appreciative for her help that they agreed to help Jayde set up her own clinic.

And finally, the big day had arrived. The patients had already checked in and her first appointment was due to start. Jayde wondered what the reactions of her first patients would be. They were a Mike and Karen Jennings, a young 40-ish couple who felt that their sex life had waned to the point that they no longer found each other attractive. From the photographs they had submitted, they were both blondes, fit and looked like they knew how to have a good time. 

Jayde walked towards her office and stopped en route to speak to Beth, her receptionist and nurse.

"Hi Beth - are we ready for our first patients?"

Beth looked up. Jayde was always a pleasure to look at. She was dressed today in a cream blouse and dark skirt and heels. Beth knew that under the professional exterior Jayde was probably not wearing anything - and having heard how Jayde worked, Beth couldn't wait to get started. Rumours had abounded among the medical fraternity that Jayde's methods were often considered unconventional and she couldn't wait to see them for herself.

"Yes, Doctor, Mr. Jennings is waiting in your consulting room and Mrs. Jennings is in the adjoining room."

Jayde closed the office door behind her and looked over the tall well-built man who rose slowly to greet her.

"Dr. Munroe, it really is wonderful of you to see me, you come very highly recommended,” he enthused, “I'm Mike, Mike Jennings."

She flashed him a warm smile, "Why, that's very kind of you Mike, please take a seat and we can get started.” Jayde always took a relaxed approach to her patients and led him over to the couch, settling herself at the opposite end to him.

"So tell me, are you here on your own?" Jayde asked, knowing full well that he wasn't.

"Oh no," replied Mike, "My wife Karen is here too, but she is a little shy and said she'd prefer to let me handle this. Your assistant suggested she wait in the reception room."

Karen Jennings relaxed in the adjoining room. She sipped a cool drink and tried to page through a magazine. Karen had found the room a little odd at first. It had no exterior windows, just an opaque piece of glass that ran the length of one wall. Suddenly she was startled from her reverie by the sound of her husband's voice…

"…In the reception room." 

Looking up she saw the opaque glass clear suddenly to reveal what she assumed was Dr. Munroe's consulting room, with her husband and the Doctor sitting on a sofa, no more than three yards away. Strangely, they seemed unaware of her presence. She walked over to the window, but no one paid any attention to her.

"Hello there!" She called out. 

There was no response. 

“Wow,” she said softly, as it slowly dawned on her that she was probably in an observation room. But these are used by the police to allow officers to observe interrogations. How interesting, she thought, taking a seat to watch the proceedings with more than a passing curiosity. 

"Well Doctor,” Mike’s voice resonated clearly, “Karen and I were married 13 years ago and at first we couldn't get enough of each other. It was wonderful, we would have sex at least twice a day and were always trying new positions, dressing up, playing with sex toys and generally behaving like a pair of sex mad rabbits." He paused for a moment and continued "But over the last few years, things have slowed down to the point where we barely kiss, let alone have sex…"

"Putting Karen to one side for the moment, how do you feel about your own sexuality?" Jayde interrupted. Mike felt awkward; he hesitated for a moment.

“Please don't feel inhibited,” Jayde soothed, “just tell me how you feel." 

Mike took a deep breath and pressed on. " Well that’s what has brought me here. I am always horny and constantly trying it on with Karen, but she isn't interested, so I am left to my own devices…" 

"You mean you jack off, have a wank?" Jayde asked, a knowing smile crossing her lips.

Mike was a little shocked with her directness, but not half as shocked as Karen who was listening avidly. How dare he jack off, doesn't he realise how frustrated I am? Karen seethed silently.

And, what do you think about when you masturbate Mike?" Jayde asked softly.

“Well, umm usually, I think about trying new things with different women I know,” Mike replied, feeling a little uneasy at voicing his most intimate thoughts.

"Only women?" Jayde enquired.

Thrown by this question, Mike turned a little red.

"So you have thought about men too?" 

Mike was embarrassed. But, damn, I shouldn’t be, he thought. He was talking to a Medical Professional and this was the sort of conversation that he was expecting, so he continued. 

"Well yes, sometimes both men and women. I like to imagine a scenario where Karen and I get involved with another couple and sort of… um experiment"

"And tell me about these “experiments.” Jayde said with a small smile.

"I imagine we invite our neighbours, Steve and Jo over for drinks. They are about our age and are very attractive. Anyway, one thing leads to another and soon we are dancing. Me with Jo and Karen with Steve, when I notice that Steve has his hand up Karen's skirt. This drives me on to do the same to Jo, who responds by rubbing her tits against me and grabbing my crotch. I keep this scenario in my mind until we are in a tangled naked heap. Steve is on the floor with Karen smearing her pussy all over his face while Jo is wildly riding up and down on his cock. She looks over her shoulder at me and tells me “Come here Mike, I want you to fuck my ass now!" That usually does it for me and I, well, don't have any trouble coming." Mike shifted in the chair. He was acutely aware of how hard his cock had become while he was telling this beautiful woman about his fantasy to ass fuck a neighbour.

"Mmmmm, an interesting fantasy," Jayde remarked as she glanced at Mike’s bulge in the tight confines of his pants. She shifted closer to him allowing the split in her skirt to open up. Mike felt his heart thud. He had noticed how Jayde had been squeezing her thighs together as he described his fantasy.

Karen was shocked at what she had just heard. Initially she had wanted to leave the room, but had found the whole scenario compelling. She never dreamed that Mike felt like this. Group sex! And with the neighbours! And as for taking a cock up the ass, where had he got that idea? Her eyes were wide as she listened, fascinated. 

"Has telling me your thoughts aroused you?" Jayde asked, her eyes straying to the obvious bulge in his chinos. Mike nodded as his cock throbbed insistently. 

"Why don't you show me how you get yourself off," Jayde purred softly, "It would help with my assessment"

"But I'm rather embarrassed…" Mike stuttered.

"Don't be, we do this sort of thing all the time. Here, if it helps I'll join you." Jayde leaned back on the sofa, allowing her skirt to split open, revealing her sheer black gossamer panties. Mike could just about make out a few stray pussy hairs and the dark line of her pussy lips. He couldn't resist and quickly kicked off his shoes, followed by his trousers and boxers. Leaning back at the other end of the couch he copied Jayde and spread his legs wide, growing more confident by the minute, proud to be showing off his growing eight inch cock.

"Oh my!" exclaimed Jayde, "You are an excitable chap, show me how you stroke yourself."

Karen was aghast at the scene unfolding before her. She hadn't seen Mike this aroused for a long time and the sight of him stroking his engorged cock was starting to turn her on. She could feel the stirring in her loins and she couldn't help but admire this marvelous creature sitting opposite her husband. Karen had never been drawn to women before. But the image of Jayde, her long tanned legs spread before Mike, as she slowly ran a red fingernail along her pussy, still covered in the sheer black panties, was so erotic. 

Karen felt a mixture of anxiety and excitement. One part of her wanted to join in but she was glad of the anonymity of the room, glad that they couldn't see or hear her. She got up to make sure the door was locked and before sitting down quickly hoisted up her skirt and whipped off her panties.

"Oh my god, they're soaked," Karen groaned softly. She stared through the window again and fell back into her chair. The sight that greeted her was even more intense than before.

"That's it Mike, lift your legs up and apart, show me how excited you are. Do you and Karen ever do this together?"

"We used to," Mike groaned, "but not any more."

"You have a lovely cock, I really love the way you smooth your juices around the knob, making it slippery and shiny." Jayde's eyes roved over his throbbing hardness. "Have you ever thought of sucking your own cock?" 

Mike gasped at her words. He looked down at his turgid cock and imagined what it would be like to have a cock in his mouth. When he looked up, Jayde had moved her panties to one side. He could see her wet folds and she lazily stroked a finger along the engorged lips. "Mmm, see how wet you have made me. Its such a shame Karen can't see you now."

"Oh, wow, but she would never understand." Mike replied, "she just seems to have lost her desire"

"Try this Mike, just reach under your butt and tickle your asshole with your finger. How does that feel?

Mike watched Jayde lift her legs higher to expose her asshole glistening with her juices. She slowly slipped a finger inside herself. Mike gasped softly, his cock jerked excitedly. Much more of this and I'm going to come, he thought.

"Would you like me to do that for you Mike or would you prefer Karen to?"

In the adoining room, Karen was working herself into a frenzy. She was copying them. She had her legs as wide apart as she could get them, and was slowly toying with her very wet pussy. Despite never having tried it before she slowly inched a finger up her tight ass. She leaned back, closed her eyes and began fantasizing about several tongues lapping at her pussy. She was so engrossed in the delicious sensations that she didn't hear the window open. Jayde had used a concealed pad to slide back the screen. 

“Oh God, this is good,” Mike groaned immersed in his own fun. He was totally oblivious of what was happening around him. 

Jayde slid off the couch and walked as silently as her 4-inch heels would carry her until she was on her knees, inches away from Karen's gaping pussy. The first Karen knew anything had changed was when she felt warm breath on her pussy, followed by a wet tongue licking slowly around her fingers as she played with her excited clit. Her eyes flew open and she saw the long mane of the Doctor's brunette hair moving slowly up and down between her thighs. 

“Oh!” she gasped, initially shocked, as Jayde's tongue explored her pussy, and then she surrendered herself to the warm glow spreading across her body. The Doctor was an expert when it came to giving pleasure and swirled her tongue around Karen's smooth and wet pussy. Karen groaned and stretched her legs even wider, toying with her asshole. Jayde continued to lick down and around Karen's finger as it probed her widening asshole. 

As the window had opened, it had triggered an alarm in the reception area. This was Beth's signal to enter the consulting room. She rushed in excitedly and went weak at the knees at the sight before her. She had heard that Jayde was unconventional but what she saw before her looked more like a Roman orgy. 

Catching Jayde's eye, Beth walked up behind Karen and started smoothing her hands across Karen's breasts, feeling her rock hard nipples digging into her palms. She slipped her hands under Karen's blouse and began pinching her nipples.

"Oooohhhhhhhhh, this is heavenly," cried Karen, startling Mike from his reverie and as he opened his eyes, he all but came on the spot. The scene he was witnessing was utterly amazing. To his left, where there had previously been a large floor to ceiling mirror, was his wife Karen, legs spread wide with Jayde on her knees feverishly licking up and down his wife's sopping pussy. Her tits were naked and the gorgeous receptionist Beth was lavishing attention on Karen's swollen nipples. 

Karen was so turned on she didn't see Mike get up and walk up behind Jayde for a better view. He stroked Jayde’s hips. She stopped her licking just long enough to say:

"Mike, just lift my skirt and lick my ass, get it nice and wet. I want your fat cock up there". 

He couldn't wait, and quickly lifted Jayde's skirt up to her waist. She had the most rounded peachy ass he had ever seen. Her pussy was leaking copiously but it was her asshole that got Mike's attention. It seemed to be winking at him, clenching and unclenching. He bent down and began to worm his tongue up Jayde's hot tight ass.

"Mmmmmm!" Jayde moaned, the sound of her satisfaction vibrating Karen's clit, which was now, so engorged it looked like a mini cock. Jayde could tell that Karen wasn't far from coming so she decided to speed things up. 

"Ok Mike, I'm ready for you,” she urged. “Come and fuck my ass with that huge cock of yours." Jayde reached back with her hands and pulled her ass cheeks apart as she bent her head once again to lick Karen's pussy. Mike’s cock was dripping with precum as he moved his knob to Jayde's asshole. He had always wanted to try this but had never had the courage or even the opportunity.

He felt Jayde's asshole give way as he pushed forward, easing the first few inches of his cock into her ass. Jayde gasped "Come on Mike, fuck it, fuck my ass! Shove all your cock up me, you know this is what you want, do It!” 

Meanwhile Karen could feel her orgasm starting to stir. A warm glow was spreading from her pussy and she looked up to see Mike easing his fat cock into Jayde's ass. "Yes, Mike, fuck the slut up her ass while she licks me." Mike was astounded by her crude language and then she surprised him further by adding, "Darling this is so horny, why didn't you tell me how you felt? Jayde pushed her tongue deeper into Karen’s cunt causing her to moan loudly “Oh God I am going to come"

Mike could scarcely contain himself. Jayde's ass was so tight but he managed to shove his entire eight-inch cock up her, right to his balls. He started to slam into her. "Yeah, take it up your ass, lick my wife's filthy pussy, stick your fingers up her ass".

Jayde tensed, she was also on the verge of coming. Her ass began to spasm around Mike's pistoning cock. Fuck me, fuck me faster, harder!" she growled.

What with Beth pinching her nipples and Jayde thrusting her mouth into her gash, Karen erupted first. "Ohhhhhh, fuck, I'm coming!” She screamed

This was too much for the others, Mike slammed his cock harder into Jayde and felt her coming around his cock but he wanted to save the best for Karen so he pulled out and moved to his wife. Karen was mid orgasm with her mouth wide open. Mike wasted no time in shoving his red-hot knob past her lips. 

"Mmmppfff,” she mumbled, “cum in my mouth, let me suck the slut’s juices off your hot cock." This was more than Mike could take. He came in a torrent all over his wife's face and tits, groaning loudly.

The three lovers collapsed in a heap, exhausted. Beth looked on wide eyed and summed up everyone's feelings

"Wow, if this is a regular treatment, I am going to love working here!" She grabbed some handily placed towels to help everyone clean up. 

Dr. Jayde Munroe adjusted her blouse and smoothed down her skirt. She stood up looking every bit the professional that she was. "Well, that was a good start, shall we book another session?”