 I reluctantly pulled away from Maryann early the next morning, needing to use the bathroom. I grabbed my clothes and took them to the bathroom with me, slipping into them once I was finished. Instead of going back to bed and disturbing Maryann, I headed downstairs and put on a pot of coffee. It wasn't long before the smell of fresh coffee permeated the large farmhouse and brought more people down to the kitchen and dining area. We had a lot to get done that day but before anyone got started, I wanted to have a word while we were all still together.

"Listen up, everyone," I called over the din of voices and clatter of breakfast dishes, "we have a lot to get done today but there's something important we need to agree on before any of us goes anywhere. Just based on what I experienced, what I saw and what I heard yesterday and last night, I think it's safe to say that we are all enjoying ourselves on this trip. However, Dan is coming up for the day and if he even suspects that any one of us hooked up last night, he will stay here tonight, effectively quashing any follow-up activities you might have been planning. I'm going to be very clear about this; if any of you can't control yourselves while he is here and you ruin it for the rest of us, we will make you regret it. Everyone got it? That means not only 'hands off' for the day, but limit the flirting and innuendo as well. Focus on the work today and we can play big-time tonight."

Everybody was in agreement and, when we saw Dan on his way up the long driveway, I suggested that everyone get their last kisses and gropes out of their systems. I made out with both Denise and Maryann, gave Denise's tits a good groping then pulled Maryann against me while squeezing her ass. It was a good thing I wasn't wearing sweatpants as I went out to meet Dan while everyone else got started on the tasks we'd agreed upon. Dan seemed pleased not only that we were up, but that we had planned out what we each were doing and were already getting started. I kept my eyes open the whole day and was pleased to see that everyone maintained their decorum with respect to everyone else; I was suitably impressed.

After a hard day's work, Dan stayed and had dinner with us as some of us cooked once again while others showered and relaxed. While no one was exactly encouraging Dan to leave, we were all pleased and relieved when he finally did. We were sitting around the living room, Maryann and Karen on either side of me with Sarah sitting on the floor in front of me, Denise between Jeff and Frit on the couch to my right and Chrissy between Brian and Mark on the other couch to my left. Ted was sitting on the arm of the couch beside Karen.

Sarah turned to me and asked if, since everyone had been good all day, we were now allowed to "play big-time." I asked in reply what she had in mind and she maneuvered herself onto her knees before me, her hands going immediately to waistband of my shorts. Everyone's focus was on her, but I turned to Karen and asked whether she'd be interested in having her pussy eaten. She looked around the room as I raised my ass to let Sarah work my shorts down and saw Denise with a hand in each of Frit's and Jeff's laps. A smile brightened her face and she stood, which seemed to get everyone else moving, as well. I watched as she worked her shorts and panties over her hips, exposing her trim, blonde strip of groomed fur and, as she bent over to push them to her ankles, aiming her bare ass right at Brian, Mark and Chrissy. By the time she straightened up, Ted had moved around behind Sarah, who was kneeling and stroking my cock. Jeff and Frit each had a hand on one of Denise's tits as they watched Karen and Chrissy was having both Brian and Mark stand up right in front of her.

Sarah lowered her head into my lap and engulfed my throbbing cock in her hot, talented mouth. As Karen stepped up onto the couch to position her pussy in front of my face, I saw Ted slide his hands up under Sarah's shirt and Brian and Mark's shorts hitting the floor. Sarah was sliding her mouth up and down my cock while pumping the base as I gripped Karen's ass and started licking her pussy. She moaned and grabbed the back of my head, pulling me against her. I slurped up the juices she was secreting before focusing on her clit and slipping a couple of fingers into her slippery hole. She was humping her pussy against my face as Sarah bobbed her head up and down in my lap.

I learned later that while I was eating Karen's pussy and Sarah was polishing my knob, Chrissy had been sitting on the couch in front of Brian and Mark, jerking their cocks, before she alternated sucking one while she pumped the other. Denise had extracted Frit's and Jeff's cocks and was pumping them while they removed her shirt and bra and played with her tits and sucked her hard nipples. Ted slid Sarah's shorts and panties off, then lay on his back with his face below her pussy and Maryann quickly had Ted's shorts down and was sucking his cock.

I got the gist that something was going on as I heard more moaning than just from Karen, including Sarah moaning around my cock. Sarah's mouth already felt incredible, but the vibrations from her moaning felt even better and Karen's pussy tasted so scrumptious I could have eaten it for hours. Denise had ended up moving onto the floor to blow Frit, so Jeff had moved behind her, sliding her shorts and panties off and slipping his cock into her engorged, dripping pussy. Frit was taking in everything going on as Denise sucked him off, so he filled me in later on what I hadn't been able to see. While Chrissy had been blowing Brian, Mark had moved between her legs, stripped off her shorts and started eating her pussy. Maryann had stripped off her own shorts and had straddled Ted as he lay on the floor, sliding her pussy down over his rigid cock.

The room was full of moaning, slurping and sloshing as we worked on each other but from my perspective, it seemed as though Sarah was poised to be the first to cum. Her moaning around my cock was becoming whimpering interspersed with cries of pleasure as she kept having to remove her mouth from my cock. When she abandoned me completely, obviously on the brink of, then riding out, an incredibly intense orgasm, I stopped what I was doing and looked up at Karen, who appeared to be on the verge of cumming herself. She looked down to see why I had stopped licking her and I asked if she wanted to ride me. She nodded mutely and lowered herself onto my lap as I guided my cock into her slick, snug pussy.

As she started to ride me, I took a quick look around to see what was going on. Jeff's hips were smacking against Denise's jiggling ass while her lips slid up and down Frit's tool. Frit looked like he was ready to burst at any moment, his head thrown back and his ass rising up off the couch. Chrissy was still sitting on the other couch but now Brian was kneeling between her legs fucking her and Mark was standing over her while she sucked his cock. While I worked Karen's shirt up over her head, revealing her luscious tits encased in a sports bra, Sarah had finished cumming and got up, walking over to Frit and immediately stepping up on the couch so that her pussy was in his face.

I reached behind Karen and started working her bra up, noting that Ted was now fucking Maryann hard, her face showing an expression I'd seen a few times the previous day. I leaned back while Karen bounced up and down on my lap, running my hands over her soft, smooth globes before bringing my mouth to them to run my tongue around her large areolas and suck her thick nipples. Frit's grunts were slightly muffled by Sarah's pussy as he finally started spewing into Denise's mouth and, once his shrinking cock fell free, she moved up onto the couch and Jeff repositioned himself between her legs, quickly going back to fucking her.

Karen was riding me harder, clearly in pursuit of her own orgasm, which made it difficult to lick and suck her titties, so I held her close, squeezing her ass while she rode me and watching as Maryann came on Ted's cock on the floor in front of me. When she opened her eyes and saw me watching her, she smiled and winked before climbing off his cock and bending over to suck it again. Mark was getting ready to take over for Brian fucking Chrissy but, seeing Maryann's ass up in the air, Brian moved over to kneel behind her, instead of slipping his cock back into Chrissy's mouth. Mark began to fuck Chrissy while Brian slid his cock into Maryann's pussy.

Karen's pussy became impossibly wetter as she rode me harder and faster while I pushed up into her as deeply as I could. Finally, she let out a moan and slowed down in her movements as she came. Her pussy was awesome, but I was ready to try another so, once she'd finished cumming, I had her climb off me. Catching both Mark's and Jeff's attention, I directed a big switch, with Jeff taking over for me, Mark going over to Denise and me getting my shot with Chrissy. She was still sitting with her legs spread wide, so I knelt between them while I admired her athletic figure. Once I'd guided my tool into her engorged and slippery pussy, I ran my hands over her tits and hard nipples while I fucked her.

Chrissy demonstrated her athletic flexibility by bringing her legs up to rest on my shoulders, so that my hips were then smacking against the backs of her legs. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build in the snug, slippery confines of her pussy and wondered whether she'd cum yet with all that fucking that Mark and Brian had been giving her. The closer I was to cumming, the harder I was fucking her sweet pussy, enjoying the slow build-up. When I was finally ready to blow my load, I pulled out of Chrissy pussy and climbed up onto the couch to slip my cock into her mouth. She grabbed my ass and held on as I fucked her face, exploding down her throat after only a few minutes.

Once I was completely spent, I climbed down off the couch and looked around. Maryann was still blowing Ted as Brian continued to fuck her but I encouraged Ted to take over for me with Chrissy. He got up and climbed on top of Chrissy, fucking her missionary on the couch as Maryann lay Brian down and started sucking his cock. Mark had pulled Denise down onto the floor and was fucking her there, kneeling as she lay on her back. Karen was also on her back on the other couch with Jeff straddling her ribs and fucking her luscious tits. As I was watching, Jeff grunted and began spurting ropes of cum on to Karen's chest, neck and chin. I had just cum, but seeing this, I knew it wouldn't take too long to recover.

Sarah was crying out as she started cumming again while Karen licked Jeff's cum from her fingers. She sat up and Jeff and I sat on either side of her watching what was still going on around us. Once she'd finished cleaning herself up, Karen's hands found Jeff's and my cocks and began to gently fondle them. By the time Sarah finished cumming and moved off of Frit's face, his cock was nearly rigid again so he moved over to straddle Denise's chest, laying his tool between her tits. Mark looked around and saw essentially what Brian had seen earlier, Maryann sucking cock with her ass up in the air. He pulled out of Denise and moved over behind Maryann as I realized that she was now in the same position Denise had been in the night before as we'd peeked at her.

Our attention was drawn over to Ted, who was grunting as he thrust deeply into Chrissy, finally collapsing on top of her. We watched as Mark fucked Maryann while she sucked off his brother and Frit sliding his tool between Denise's fleshy globes. Frit eventually moved down and slipped his throbbing tool into Denise's pussy and started fucking her hard. Brian soon let out a grunt and spewed into Maryann's mouth while his brother's hips continued to smack against her ass. Ted climbed off of Chrissy and they sat side-by-side on that couch, his limp member lying against his leg. Sarah was sitting opposite them watching while lightly caressing her pussy.

It wasn't long before Mark thrust hard a few more times against Maryann's ass then spewed into her pussy. The three of them were soon lying there in the middle of the floor, Brian and Mark both completely spent. Frit was still fucking Denise hard while the rest of us were recovering. Karen was doing a good job of bringing Jeff and me back to attention, and soon moved onto the floor to take turns blowing us until we were rock hard again. As she blew me, I was considering the things I hadn't done yet that night. I hadn't fucked Karen's or Denise's tits, I hadn't fucked Denise's pussy at all. I had only eaten Karen's pussy so far. I realized there was a lot I still wanted to do before we left the next day. Slipping my cock from Karen's mouth, I got up and got to it.