 Thursday afternoon around four, I came in from feeding the cows to find the phone ringing. I picked it up and said, "Hello!"

"Hello to you too, stranger," a female voice replied.

The voice sounded familiar but I couldn't put a face with it. To stall for time, I said, "I get stranger every day or so I'm told."

"You have no idea who this is, do you."

"The voice is familiar but my mind won't supply a face," I confessed.

"How about the name, Marcie?"

"Well, no wonder. I haven't seen your happy face in nearly five years. That was the last time you and John came out to fish the pond, if I remember correctly."

"Yeah, that sounds about right but there isn't any me and John anymore."

I paused to consider several replies and settled on, "Should I give you my congratulations or my condolences?"

Marcie laughed and said, "Lets just say I haven't lost any sleep or shed any tears over the last few years."

"How about him?" I asked as several pictures of Marcie in the string bikini she had worn while John fished flashed across my mind. She was a well-endowed blonde with a fine ass and long legs.

"Hell if I know, I haven't seen him but once since divorce court and he didn't see me."

"I take it you didn't have your bikini on at the time," I said jokingly.

Marcie sighed and replied, "Hell, he didn't see me when I did wear it."

"Did you ever get his eyes checked?" I asked in jest.

Marcie was silent for a few moments and then asked, "You remember that bikini after all this time?"

"Uh, more like what was in it, but yeah, I remember the bikini also."

"Then you're going to love what I'm about to ask you." She paused and took a deep breath. "You are still single right and the farm is still quite remote and private?"

"Uh, yeah on both counts. What's up?"

"How would you like some houseguests this weekend?"

"If you're among them and plan on wearing that bikini again, come on out," I said quickly.

Marcie laughed and asked, "How about if I don't wear the bikini? In fact, I don't think I even have it anymore."

"That's a shame but you're always welcome here. Who else is coming?"

"To tell the truth, I'm not really sure. I own several beauty shops now and the girls at the downtown one, heard about something called Nation Nude Day. Then one of them got the wild idea about spending a day outdoors and naked. Now it's all they're talking about. I got asked if I knew of a place they could go Saturday and for some reason you and your place jumped to the front of my mind."

My mouth dropped open as she talked and I stuttered several times when she finished. I finally got my mind and tongue reconnected in speech mode. "Uh, what time are you all getting here?"

Marcie laughed. "I think I've shocked you. God knows I tried when I wore that string bikini with my ass hanging out. I thought it might make John jealous or something but that didn't work. All it did was make me even hornier than I normally was. I could feel you looking at my ass every time I moved."

"And one gorgeous ass it was, uh, is," I replied quickly.

Marcie laughed. "That was five years ago. I just crossed over into forty something land, so the sand is settling somewhat."

"Uh, let me be the judge of that. Please, please, please!" I said and then chuckled.

"How about nine o'clock? Unless that's too early."

"Hell, by nine, I've already put in half a days work around here. I'm up at daylight most mornings. It's been getting up into the low nineties the last week or so. So tell everyone to bring plenty of water and suntan oil."

"I'll have them bring everything they would take to the beach for a day."

"Everything but their bikinis. On second thought, they can even bring those. There'll be one or two shy ones in the bunch most likely. We'll make it clothing optional so everyone can be happy."

Marcie chuckled. "I knew there was a reason I called you, other than the farm. You've got a good head on your shoulders."

"Not really. I've just spent a lot of time outdoors and a lot of that naked. With experience comes knowledge, is all. Speaking of which, do you remember how to get out here?"

"I'm pretty sure I do but refresh my memory anyway."

I gave her directions and then we said goodbye.

After I hung up the phone, I got to thinking about having a bunch of naked women around the place all day. Marcie all by herself would be enough to get me in trouble. Add a bunch of young cuties like I saw at the beauty shops in the mall to the mix and I would probably drool myself to death even if they had on bikinis. Just thinking about it had my dick standing up hard in the front of my overalls.

*****

By nine o'clock Saturday morning, I had fed the livestock, gathered the eggs, cleaned out two stalls, cleaned the water trough in the corral, and moved twenty five bales of hay from the loft to the main floor of the barn. Now I had the tractor and bush hog out mowing the grass around the swimming area at the pond and under a couple of the large oak tree around it.

A car horn drew my attention to the road coming into my place. A silver SUV was at the gate. I waved and headed for the barn with the tractor as a young woman got out on the passenger side and opened the gate. From the easy way she crossed the cattle gap, I could tell she had opened a few gates in her time. Walking the pipes of the gap takes a little practice to build confidence.

I was backing the bush hog up to a large picnic table as the SUV pulled to a stop in front of the barn. I could see Marcie's smiling face through the windshield as I shut the tractor off. The four doors on the SUV opened and women came out of all of them. All were dressed normally for young women of today.

As I climbed down from the tractor, Marcie said, "You haven't changed a bit."

"A little more weathered and a lot more mileage," I replied as I turned around to face her. My mouth dropped open and stayed that way as I took in the well filled halter top and tiny shorts she had on. She was even more gorgeous than I remembered and that's saying a lot.

There were chuckles and giggles from several of the young woman and then the tall redhead by the passenger door said, "I told you that outfit would knock his socks off."

Glancing her way seemed to break the spell I was under. I looked back at Marcie and nodded. "Yeah, that outfit is great. What's in it is even better."

Marcie grinned and said, "You always were a charmer."

"Smooth. Real smooth," the redhead said with a grin and a wink in my direction.

"That's just how us old farmers roll," I replied as I returned the wink.

Marcie laughed and shook her head. "You're only a couple of years older than me, so watch the old stuff."

The other young women were gathered around and grinning at Marcie. I think they were trying to be matchmakers. To break up the party, I said, "Okay ladies, I need to move this table down by the oak trees so you'll have a place to sit and put your stuff. A few hands in loading it on the bush hog would be appreciated."

Red led the way and before I could get around to the other side of the tractor, they had the table upside down on the bush hog. Red and another girl climbed up onto the upside down table. "You drive and we'll hold it in place," the short brunette said.

"We've got two farm girls in the group," I said as I went back around the tractor.

Looking at Marcie, I said, "Load the rest up and we'll move this party to the shade."

*****

With the table set up in the shade of the oak trees, I took the tractor back to the barn. I figured on giving them some space to relax and get used to the place. I didn't figure on the redhead riding with me. In fact, I didn't know she was there until I hit a bump crossing onto the road near the barn and she laughed as she bumped into the back of me.

I looked around to see her standing on the three point hitch and holding onto the work lights on the fenders. I grinned and shook my head. "You scared the hell out of me."

"Sorry about that but I wanted to talk to you in private."

Slowing, I hooked a u-turn and shifted into reverse. I turned in the seat as I started to back toward the doors of the barn. She squatted down so I had a clear view and grinned up at me. With her hands still on the lights, her arms were pulled up and out, the material at the front of her blouse stretched tight over her breasts. The top button looked like it was about to pop loose.

As I got closer to the doors, I said, "This is about as private as it gets."

She laughed and said, "Marcie has been trying to be gay."

"If she's happy then I'm happy," I replied, even though I was slightly confused by what she said.

The young woman laughed and shook her head. "Not gay as in happy but gay as in queer."

I looked down at her and frowned. "Uh, I always thought you either were or you weren't. There's no trying to it."

"Exactly," was her reply. "After the divorce, Marcie dated several guys, which was a disaster for the most part, and swore off men and turned to the ladies."

"Uh, how's that working out?" I asked as we entered the barn.

"For her or for me?"

"Both," I said as I stopped the tractor in the back corner.

As I turned forward to shift into neutral and to shut the tractor off, the young woman sighed and said, "I love her but it wont last. Her head is into it but her heart is another story."

I turned sideways in the seat and looked at the redheaded woman. "And you know this how?"

She was standing up again and the top button had come loose. When my eyes dropped to the cleavage showing, she grinned and shook her head. "Big boobs and small buttons were never made for each other."

"But they do make life interesting."

"True, very true, even if they are my boobs and buttons."

I grinned and hopped down from the tractor. As I walked to the back of the drive wheel, I asked, "So, are you a lesbian or is there some other reference used today that I've missed living out here in the sticks."

"Lesbian works, although dyke is probably closer to true," she said as she moved over to the edge of the triple hitch and leaned over to jump down. Another button popped and her breasts bounced and jigged nicely.

My eyes were on the front of her blouse as I said, "Most of the dykes I know keep their, uh, boobs under tighter restraints."

She laughed and rolled her shoulders, making her breasts sway. They weren't large but they were not small either. They just looked large on her slender frame. "I guess I'm just a little weird. I've got them and there is no getting around it. I tried the binding them down thing but for some reason it didn't work all that well and was uncomfortable as hell." She rolled her shoulders again and chuckled as I nodded and licked my lips.

"I can understand that," I said finally looking up at her smiling face.

"How many lesbians do you know and from where?" She asked a moment later.

"There's the couple that owns the farm behind me. They've been over for cookouts and brought along some of their friends. Real nice people. Then there was the writers get together I attended a few years ago. There were ten people there and I was the only one with dangly bits, shall we say."

She nodded and stuck out her hand. "Carla, but everyone calls me Red."

"Randy but my friends call me Tex."

"I grew up on a farm with my five older brothers."

"Let me guess, you were a tomboy, just another one of the guys."

She grinned and nodded. "Until I was about thirteen and the girls joined the party. After that, everything chanced." She sighed and walked over to a stack of hay bales and sat down. "I lost my virginity on a stack of these and had my first lady on the same stack or at least in the same hayloft." She grinned up at me and added, "Not at the same time. A brother and sister about two years apart. The brother was senior prom and the sister was after her brother was killed in one of those silly wars in the Middle East."

"Who initiated it between you and the sister that first time?" I asked and then added, "Just curious, so you don't have to answer if you don't want to."

She looked thoughtful for a moment and then replied, "Both of us, I think. A Marine officer had come to tell her parents the bad news and we had been in the kitchen. We fled to the hayloft. We were both crying and hugging each other. Then we were kissing and one thing led to another."

When I nodded, she grinned. "You said you were a writer, so I can understand the curiosity."

"I said I attended a writers get together. As for being a writer, that depends on who you talk to," I replied with a crooked grin.

Red stood up, raised her arms over her head, and stretched up onto her toes as she rotated her back. I openly watched her. She smiled, came down off her toes, and dropped her arms. "You're not bashful or shy."

"Why should I be? I like people for the most part and I like looking at beautiful ladies, whether they are into men or into ladies."

She looked thoughtful for a moment and then nodded. "I think you'll do."

I cocked my head to the side and asked, "Do what?"

"Treat Marcie right and not hurt her."

"Shouldn't Marcie be deciding that?"

"She's working on it. You and this farm are all she's talked about for the last two days. I won't go into detail but I had to see if you were for real, if you know what I mean."

"And now you're planning on helping things along?" I asked.

She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Like I said, I love her but yes, I'm going to help things out if I can. That is if you have no objections to it."

I looked at the young woman in front of me for a long moment or two and then shook my head. "Marcie was and is a good looking woman and way back when, I did lust after her even if she was married." I paused in thought for a moment and then went on, "I don't see any reason to object, other than knowing your feelings for her."

Red sighed and looked at the floor for a moment. "I just want her to be as happy as she possible can and in the long run, I know that I'm not it. What's that old saying about letting something go, if you really love it? I think I have to let her go for her to be truly happy."

Jokingly I asked, "What if we went halves?"

Red's eyes got wide and then she shivered. "Marcie would climb the walls and slide across the ceiling."

"How about you?" I asked seriously.

She shrugged. "I hadn't really thought about it. I have nothing against men in general. I just prefer the company of women, especially when it comes to sex."

"Not to be nosey but when was the last time you had sex or sexual contact with a man?"

Red looked at me funny and then shrugged. "The brother that died was the one and only one."

"Maybe Marcie isn't the only one trying to be gay. Maybe when he died and his sister was there, you took the easy way out."

"But...." she said quickly and then looked away.

After several minutes, I said, "Let's go join the others while you think about it. In any case, it'll stop me from asking silly questions."

*****

The walk down to the pond was in silence. It was nowhere near quiet when we arrived. The radio in the SUV was cranked up and three young women were wrestling in the pond accompanied by squeals and screams. All three were topless and at least two were completely naked.

Marcie was sitting at the picnic table with her top off. I licked my lips and gave out with a soft whistle. "Nice. Very nice," I told her.

She looked at Red and then at me. "I had to get in the spirit of things. Well, mostly anyway."

Red laughed as she finished unbuttoning her shirt. As she shrugged it off, I whistled again and she grinned. Looking at Marcie, she said, "The spirit of things would be taking everything off."

Marcie shivered and replied, "I showed my ass here a long time ago in more ways than one."

"And a mighty fine ass it was," I said as I pulled my over shirt off. I didn't have another shirt on, just the overalls.

Red looked at me and winked. "No farmer's tan for you."

"Nope, I like the sun most of the year." I looked at her breasts with their coating of freckles and then at Marcie's creamy white ones. Both had good tans but bikini lines. "I see you do too."

Red sat down next to Marcie and started to take her shoes off. "Mine is mostly freckles holding hands."

Marcie looked at Red's breasts and licked her lips. I chuckled as I moved over next to her and sat down. When I started to take my boots off, Marcie moaned softly. "Is there a problem?" I asked a few seconds later.

"Uh... you're getting naked too?"

"Is there a problem?" Red asked her with a big grin.

"Uh, no. No problem. Just.... Well, I always wondered...." Marcie said softly.

With my boots and socks off, I stood back up. Red stood up also. Marcie's head swiveled one way and then the other. Then she groaned and said, "I can't watch both of you at the same time."

I looked at Red and nodded. "Ladies first."

"You just want to see if this red hair is natural."

"I know it's natural just from the freckles."

Marcie shivered and whispered, "It's natural, believe me."

"Don't worry, he knows about us already," Red said with a grin.

Marcie's head jumped around so she could look at Red. "How... uh...." she started to say.

"I told him," Red replied.

"Why?"

"If he's going to date you, it's something he needed to know."

"But... but...." Marcie said and stalled out.

I grinned and said, "That didn't come up in the conversation."

Red laughed as Marcie's eyes got wide and her mouth dropped open. Her head slowly turned so she was looking up at Red. "Nope, I didn't say a word, but I can if you'd like for me too," Red said with a grin.

Marcie's blush covered most of her chest, neck, and face. A moment later she glanced at me out of the corner of her eye. "Uh, no. I think we've probably both said enough already."

I folded my arms and looked from one to the other. "Enough to get my full attention. I've been an ass man all of my life," I said with a big grin.

Marcie groaned and looked at the ground. Red chuckled and reached over to lift her chin. When she looked up, Red blew her a kiss. "It will be fine."

I dropped my arms and said, "Uh.... Maybe I took the joking a little too far."

Marcie slowly looked around at me and then looked at Red. "I'm sitting here ruining a perfectly good pair of shorts and now he's trying to tell me he was joking? I'm not sure whether I should kill him now or wait until later when there are fewer witnesses."

"Uh, I'd wait until later. Anyway, I don't think he was joking. He is just trying to make you feel better without knowing the whole story, so to speak," Red said and then winked at me as she leaned forward to whisper, "She likes to be spanked and while her beautiful ass is all red and glowing, she like something long and hard shoved up her asshole."

Marcie groaned and turned as far away from us as the bench allowed. The blush was back with a vengeance. I grinned at Red and winked. In a normal voice, I said, "I don't see the problem. My wife loved much the same thing, way back when. The only difference was, she wanted the real thing and not some imitation."

"Hey now, I do the best I can with what I've got," Red said hotly but with another wink in my direction.

"So show us what you've got," I said with a grin.

Red unbuttoned and then unzipped her jeans. At the sound of the zipper, Marcie turned back toward us. Red wiggled her hips as she pushed the jeans down. The first thing to come into view was a flame red V of hair on her mound. Marcie groaned and I nodded. The hair on her outer lips was trimmed nicely, a dusting of red covering everything.

I licked my lips and said, "Yeah, red it is."

Red laughed as she pushed the jeans on down and then took them off. She had a nice tan and a small white triangle covered the red hair on her sex. As she turned to toss the jeans on the table her ass came into view. There was a tiny triangle at the top of her tailbone but the rest of her ass was tanned and a nice round ass it was.
