 Disclaimer - None of the characters in the story was less than 18 years old at any time described in the story.

*

Some Bengali dialogues have been used to make the story closer to reality, anyone who can't understand Bengali may pardon me. Readers are requested to go through my earlier submissions which will help them in understanding this story better

***

Barun walks through the gate of the apartment society and goes towards the watchman's room. Through a glass window he signs on a fat register, writing his name and the apartment he is going to visit, that is the rented apartment of Ria and Priyanka. Once he completes all security formality the watchman takes back the register and smiles at Barun. However, as Barun starts towards the elevator, the watchman gives him a key and says that this is the key of the apartment and Ria has instructed him to give it to Barun. 

For a moment Barun stands their thinking what does this mean, because Ria called him to come today and Barun took it for granted that she will be all alone at home. After a few moments he decides that Ria must be out for some reason and will be back soon and meanwhile she wants Barun to enter the apartment and wait. Barun enters the elevator and push the button for 7th floor.

For the last four months Barun is living a peculiar life. After their encounter in which Priyanka blackmailed him to fuck her and eventually got fucked twice, there were four more occasions when they indulged into sex but every time Priyanka visited his hotel at Bangalore and never called Barun to their apartment. On the other hand, it was always their apartment for rendezvous of Barun and Ria. Barun spent some nights also in that apartment while Priyanka was away from Bangalore. So, Barun had his hands (or, should we say some other organ?) full whenever he has visited Bangalore during last four months. 

However, sex with these two ladies have been entirely different for Barun. Just like the first day, sex with Priyanka is always carnal, as if two animals are indulged in mindless fucking and only stop when both are spent entirely. Priyanka is never satiated till Barun fucks her in all possible way. She has also talked about anal sex but they couldn't indulge into that as Barun has a very thick cock and Priyanka couldn't gather enough courage to take that up her arse.

On the other hand, Sex with Ria is always very soft, tender affair starting with lots of foreplay and gradually reaching the crescendo and finally leaving both of them fully satisfied. In fact, they enjoy the afterglow of the sex, lying in each other's embrace as much as they enjoy the act itself. Sex with Ria to Barun is almost like sex with his wife Mou, always feeling both his emotional and physical desire.

Before he could gather his thoughts properly, Barun finds the elevator stationed at the 7th floor and the door is opening. He steps out and walks towards the apartment of Ria and Priyanka to find it locked, as expected. Barun puts the key in the hole and turns. With a satisfactory click the lock opens and Barun steps into the dark sitting room closing the door behind. He reaches for the switch to put on the lights but stops in his way. A stream of light is coming through the half-closed door of a bedroom and Barun could hear faint sounds from the room as well.

Immediately, all his senses got alert and he start walking towards that door in soft steps, without making any sound. Whatever erotic thought he had in his mind while entering the apartment evaporated by now. Instead, Barun is thinking about what can be the source of that light and muffled sounds coming out of the bedroom while the apartment was locked. Naturally, Burglary is at the top of that list of thoughts and he gets ready to catch the thief red handed. Reaching the door, silently he peeps inside the well-lit room and what he sees inside freezes him on his feet then and there.

Barun could see the balloon like buttocks of a woman, stark naked, facing the door. The ass is jacked up in the air and there is a head, that of another woman between the shapely thighs. Barun took a few minutes to ascertain the whole situation and when he does, to his utter surprise he could find that the head is that of Ria whose mouth is dipped inside the crotch of the other woman and muffled sound of moaning along with slurping is coming out from there. Barun kept on watching as the bubble butts start swaying a little which made part of the hairless pussy visible to him and he could also see Ria's tongue and lips working hard in the slit. Barun stood there stunned as electrified though he could easily guess who the other woman is.

For a few minutes Barun stood there, transfixed at the scene playing before him, without thinking anything clearly. His head feeling empty, unable to stagger his thoughts as he can't comprehend this exhibition of lesbian sex between Ria and Priyanka. He himself has indulged in unabashed, carnal sex with these two ladies but could never imagine, let aside understand that they are bi sexual. But, looking at the gusto with which they are enjoying the oral sex, he could understand that they are quite habituated in pleasing each other.

Barun comes back to reality with a jolt, seeing that the tempo of the sexual act before him has increased by now. While Ria has started almost fucking Priyanka's pussy using her tongue as a little penis, her fingers have also joined in rubbing the pussy. On the other hand, Priyanka is also putting serious effort as is evident from her slurping sound and moaning and changing contour of Ria's face. And most surprisingly, Barun discovers that he is having a raging hard on and unknowingly he has started massaging it from outside.

While massaging his hard on, Barun unintentionally push the door and it opens with a soft sound. But, that was enough to attract Ria's attention who turns her head to look at the door and smiles widely as soon as Barun catches her gaze. By waving one finger, she calls Barun to come close and as he comes close, Ria holds his cock tightly from outside of his trousers while her mouth returns to Priyanka's pussy. Barun keeps on watching this scene which he never thought could exist.

Ria's fingers gradually go towards the button of Barun's trousers as she tries to open it. Barun is still so stunned that he only watches without doing anything. After a few futile attempt Ria looks at Barun, leaving Priyanka's pussy and says in a low hissing tone,"pant ta khule tomar bara ta ber koro na!" ("open your trousers and take your cock out"). Barun hastily comply by pushing his trousers and undy down while his 6" extra thick cock springs out. Next minute, Priyanka takes that in her mouth and two of his fingers take her mouth's place inside Priyanka's pussy. From the next second she starts licking and sucking the cockhead while finger fucking Priyanka's already slick pussy.

With the help of her lips Ria push the foreskin back and takes the large mushroom head into her salivating mouth. Within a second Barun feels her tongue swirling around the helmet while her lips make a tight O around his shaft and starts sucking hard. And then, when Ria starts to rub the tip of her tongue along the ridge, Barun can't do anything but to stand still and enjoy the unbearable pleasure while watching Ria finger fucking Priyanka's slick pussy which by now is oozing wetness.

After a few minutes, once Priyanka's moans become grunts, Ria takes her finger out from her pussy and takes Barun's cock out of her mouth. The cockhead by now, has grown into a gigantic purple mushroom slick with saliva. As soon as she does that, Priyanka hisses out," chharli keno? Chod amaar gud ta ke. Bhalo kore chod" ("Why have you left my pussy? Fuck it hard"). 

Ria replies in low, deep voice with a smile, "ektu dara na, toke ram chodon dichchhi"("Just wait for a moment, bitch. You would get fuck of your life time"). Then holding Barun's hard cock she pulls it towards Priyanka's pussy. 

Barun takes a step forward and stands putting his legs wide apart, in a manner that Ria's head is between his two thighs, his cockhead touches Priyanka's pussy lips and his balls are hanging just above Ria's face. Holding his hard cock Ria starts rubbing the head between Priyanka's pussylips. Within a second Priyanka could realise this change in her pussy and turns her head to see what's going on. But, before she could do that, Barun pushed hard and deep. Notwithstanding initial resistance, his thick cock goes inside the dripping wet pussy. Another hard push and Barun is balls deep inside Priyanka's pussy.

A loud "Ahhhh" comes out from Priyanka as her torso tries to spring up off Ria's lower body but Barun catches the back of his throat and push her back, face down. At the same time, he starts fucking her in slow, long, deep thrusts, going deeper with each thrust. 

Ria quips, "kire Priyanka, tor gud bhorechhe"? ("Hi Priyanka, got enough in your pussy?"). 

Priyanka replies in muffled voice, "Uff Barunda, tomar bara ta ki darun!! Amar gud ta mone holo chhire dile" ("Oh Barunda, your cock is awesome. It has torn my pussy apart").

As Barun keeps on fucking Priyanka's pussy, her moan becomes grunt. In between some illegible words are coming out from her mouth as, "chodo, chodo Barun da" ("Fuck me harder, Barun da"). Slowly Barun starts massaging her back while increasing his speed gradually. Suddenly he feels Ria's warm tongue on her gyrating balls. Ria is licking his balls and the area between the base of the penis and his anus. Intermittently, she is taking the balls in her mouth and sucking them softly. The fiery hot pussy with silky smooth wall around his penis and warm wet tongue around the perineum area drives Barun crazy and he starts feeling lightheaded as his cock becomes hard like an iron rod.

However, within a minute Priyanka's grunts become shrill cry and Barun feels her hot, wet silky muscles are contracting and relaxing, giving his cock a wonderful massage. Licking and sucking of her pussy by Ria for so long already made her super horny and a few strokes by Barun's thick cock has reached her to the crescendo. Priyanka's cry becomes louder and with a long, hard "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh" she falls on Ria's crotch while Barun pushes hard till the end, keeps his rod tightly buried inside her and Ria starts licking the juice oozing from the plugged pussy of Priyanka. 

After staying there for a few minutes, as Barun pulls back, with a plop sound the rockhard cock comes out from the pussy and a stream of pussy juice follows it. Ria lapped up most of it by her tongue but a copious amount flows down her cheeks and Priyanka's inner thigh.

As Barun stands with his cock erect like a flagpole, glistening in Priyanka's juice, Priyanka turns over and facing Barun, says" sotyi Barun da, tomar moto kore amake chudte aaj porjonto keu pare ni. Tomar oi mota bara ta amaar guder sobkota kon porjonto chhuye esechhe. Erokom aram ami kokhono karor kachh theke pai ni" ("Really Barun da, nobody could ever fuck me the way you have done it. That monster of yours actually touched all the nook and corners of my pussy. I have never experienced anything like it").

Barun keeps on looking at this slut who is by now rubbing her pussy slit with her index finger and more juice oozes from the slit. The slutty smile added to that makes the whole scene extremely erotic. Barun once again stands there quietly as his mind searches for appropriate words. But, he couldn't continue to think for long as Ria wrapped him in her arms and in the process Barun turns to face Ria who is already flushed and her shapely boobs are heaving. Before any word was transpired between them, Ria pulls his head and start kissing hard.

Barun was taken aback for a moment at the sudden lead taken by Ria which normally she doesn't take. But, within a minute he also started kissing her back, sucking her lips as their tongue mingles inside her mouth giving them the taste of each other's saliva. Barun's hands meanwhile got busy in rubbing her back and sides, as Ria wraps him tightly in her arms. Barun could feel Ria's boobs getting crushed between them with the hard nipples poking on her chest while Ria could feel his rock-hard cock grazing on her belly making wet lines.

Barun goes to Ria's neck leaving her mouth and starts kissing and biting there. Ria sounds her approval with low moans and her nails dig deep on Barun's back. As Barun's bites on her neck become harder, his hands try to get between their bodies to grab her boobs. But, they are pressed to each other so tightly that Barun couldn't succeed. Instead he kisses his way down to her boobs, bending his upper body and pushing Ria with his hands. As soon as he could reach her boobs, he starts to suck and bite her already taught nipples.

Ria responds in a hissing tone, "chosho Barunda, amar mai gulo aaro jore chosho. Kamrao, amar bota gulo jore kamrao"("Suck my boobs hard Barun da, Bite my nipples hard"), which makes Barun even more aroused and he goes all out for the boobs. However, as her grip on Barun's body loosens, Ria also lose her balance and falls on her back, on the bed with her legs dangling in the air. Barun falls on her and straight goes for the boobs. He starts his signature licking of her areolas in circles and rolling the other nipple between his fingers, constantly interchanging between the boobs.

Next, Barun starts pulling the nipples simultaneously, one by his teeth and the other by his fingers. He suddenly comes back to reality at the hissing sound from Ria, "Ki korchho Barun da, amar mai gulo ki chhire nebe?"( What are you doing Barun da, my boobs will be torn apart)" Without uttering a single word Barun leaves her boobs and starts his downward journey by kissing and licking Ria's chest and then tummy and his hands take charge of her boobs, squeezing and mauling them which increases the moaning of Ria.

As Barun reaches her pussy, a musky scent welcomes him. He kisses on the swollen lips and then parts the tightly closed lips with his fingers. A wet, pink interior comes into view with a hard, swollen clit sitting like the jewel in the crown. "Oh Ria, tor ei porishkar kore kamano gud ta je ki darun lage na amaar ..." ("Oh Ria, how I love this squeaky-clean pussy of yours"), says Barun in a tone almost unknown to himself. 

"Khao Barun da, amaar gud ta khao" (Eat my pussy, Barun da), replies Ria as she puts her legs up and parts them wide giving Barun an easy access to her fuck hole.

As Barun dives into Ria's pussy and starts licking along the slit, suddenly he feels something on his half hard cock. Looking under, he could see Priyanka sitting between his legs, is licking his cockhead. As their eyes meet, Priyanka winks and with her hand she pushes the foreskin back and starts swirling her tongue along the ridge of Barun's cock. Exhaling audibly, Barun goes for Ria's clit and starts licking it in circles, pushing it with his tongue and pressing it between his lips.

As Priyanka starts sucking Barun's cock and massaging his balls in her hand, Barun inserts two fingers in Ria's pussy and starts finger fucking her while continue to lick, press and suck her clit with his tongue. Ria starts squirming like a fish out of water and Barun makes a cork screw with his fingers and start going in and out like a cork screw opener, all the time keeping the swollen clit between his lips and licking the tip. In no time Ria's moan becomes grunt and Barun starts exhaling like a steam engine.

Priyanka is drawing slow, long lines on the soft skin between Barun's testicles and his anal sphincter, with her long nails while she sucks and swirls her experienced tongue on the swollen cockhead. Meanwhile, Barun has taken his fingers off and now busy in licking Ria's pussy royally, starting at the bottom end close to the anus, going up slowly, lapping her wetness, darting his tongue inside the pussy occasionally and finally ending at the clit once again giving the hard knob a hard suck. Both Barun and Priyanka keep on repeating their ordeal diligently and this continues for some time. Barun can feel his cock aching as if it will burst any time.

"Barun da, ami aar parchhi na, please amake chodo. Tomaar oi mota bara ta amar gude dhukiye chude chude otake chhire felo. Please Barun da tomar bara ta dao" (Please Barunda, fuck my brain out by inserting your monster cock in my pussy. Please Barun da, Please), pleads Ria in an illegible voice as her torso makes a "S" on the bed. By now, Priyanka is rolling the rockhard cock between her palms while swirling her tongue around the large purple helmet so softly that Barun remains at the top of her ecstasy but don't ejaculate. Giving a long, hard lick Barun leaves Ria's pussy and stand up. So does Priyanka from her sitting position and stand beside Barun as he puts his cockhead between Ria's pussy lips and makes it slick with her juice.

Then without any word, Barun pushes and pushes hard. The dripping wet and slick pussy makes the insertion silky smooth except the large head which pushes apart the tight pussy muscle and Ria feels as if a thick, hard iron rod is being inserted into her. She groans ... "Hmmmm" .... "Hmmm" as Barun pushes hard. Once almost two third of the cock's length goes in, Barun stops for a few moments, keeping his cock firmly in her pussy allowing Ria to get used to his girth. Then Barun pulls his cock out as Ria groans, "Bara ta ber kore nichchho keno Barun da, aaro ektu rakho amaar guder modhye"("Why are you taking your cock out Barunda? Please keep it inside my pussy")

Barun pulls his cock till only the helmet remains inside and after waiting for a few seconds Barun push again. This time it is harder, faster and deeper. An "Ahhhhhhhh" from his voice box confirms that the cock is fully buried inside Ria's pussy. Confirmation from Ria comes in the form of a loud guttural shout as their pubic bones meet each other. Barun again stops for a while and then starts fucking Ria in long, Hard, deep strokes ..... going deeper with each stroke. Gradually he increases the speed and force and Ria expresses her appreciation by some loud moan which eventually changes into unclear blabbering "chodo, chodo, amake chodo Barun da.tomar oi shokto bara ta diye amar guder sobkota kon chude dao"( fuck, fuck fuck me Barunda, fuck all the corners of my pussy by your hard and thick cock")

Barun keeps on fucking Ria and bending forward he starts kissing her while his fingers get busy again with her taught nipple. Barun rolls the nipples between his fingers, squeezes them hard, tugs them up. Ria's talks become more illegible as her entire body gets slammed on the bed helplessly. Barun increases his pace and now fucking Ria in a frenzy. Ria also is approaching her orgasm as her pussy muscles start to contract, crushing Barun's cock as Barun enjoys the entire thing. 

Suddenly, Barun feels a wet fingertip rimming his asshole. Bending backward he can see Priyanka smiling at him with her finger rimming his sphincter while extending her face for a kiss. Barun gets up from Ria and obliges immediately, goes for a kiss and they indulge in a long, hard kiss while Barun's hard cock remains firmly buried in Ria's pussy. The pressure of Priyanka's finger gradually increases and suddenly she inserts one finger in Barun's asshole and start fucking his ass.

A carnal "Ahh" leaves Barun's mouth as he starts his fucking once again, in top gear. Pulling out almost entire cock and pushing it hard and fast the next moment. Ria's dripping wet pussy makes the entire process silky smooth and a squishing sound alongwith the musky scent of sex feels the air. Ria meanwhile is trying to shout but through her widely opened mouth she can't make any sound other than low grunts. Her eyeballs roll over and she looks like a giant fish out of water.

Suddenly Barun hears Priyanka hissing in his ear, "Barun da, chude Riar gud fatiye dao, or bodh hoy 6-7 bar orgasm hoye geche, ebaar tomaar maal ber korar somoy hoe esechhe. Ami tomaar pnode angli kore dichchhi aar tomar pithe amaar maai ghoshchhi, dekhbe ekhuni maal beriye jaabe" (Barun da, Fuck Ria hard and fast. She has already got 6 or 7 orgasms and it is time now for you to cum. Let me finger your asshole and rub my boobs on your back so that you'd enjoy cumming hard"). Though Barun has heard the dirty, almost slutty talk from this woman earlier also, once again he got stunned. Just like she said, Priyanka puts her body on Barun's back and start rubbing her melons with their hard nipples while her finger keeps on fucking his asshole.
