 I had been working on this farm all summer and doing a pretty good job. We were nearing the end of the season though and I was preparing to go to college in a few short weeks. Overall it had been a rather uneventful summer, I worked from sun up to sundown and didn't have much of a social life other than trying to flirt with the owner's daughter. She was two years younger than me and it wasn't going well. Her dad was on me all the time and her mom would hover around in the evenings, so I mostly just thought about her while I jacked off in my bunk at night.

Well late one August afternoon I was working in the hay loft and I stopped to look out on the pond and I saw the girl in a bikini swimming. Since I was working alone and had some time to kill I decided no one would know if I jacked off in the middle of the day in the hay loft. As I watched her move around, the water glistening off of her skin and I swore I could see her nipples poke through her top. I lied down and pulled my cock out of my jeans and began stroking my cock slow and steady, just imagining I was licking the water off of her perky little tits and shoving my cock deep inside her pussy. I was so into it I didn't even notice the pitchfork hit the ground.

"Just what do you think you're doing?" I heard a voice call out.

I looked up and it was the farmer's wife. She was standing there with a coil of rope in her hand. Although she was older, perhaps about 50, I had long admired her tight body and pretty face. Now here she was standing over me. She had caught me watching her daughter and jacking off in the hay loft when I should have been working.

"Um, I thought I was alone." I said.

"I know what you thought, but I can't let this stand."

With that she walked towards me. I noticed how her hat covered her black hair and how her leather gloves were tucked into her tight western style shirt. She stood right over me.

"Get up and zip up." She said.

I did as I was told and she then turned away and bent over to pick something up. I notice how tight her jeans were underneath her brown leather chaps and how great her ass looked. In fact, her legs looked good period all the way down to her boots.

"Come over here"

Again, I did as I was told. She grabbed my arms and thrust me into a post, tying my hands behind my back around the post. She then walked over and sat on a bail of hay.

"What do you suppose I should do with you?" she said.

"I don't know ma'am. I'm really sorry."

"I'm sure you are."

She then walked over and grabbed my cock through my jeans. I had no idea how to react, but my cock couldn't help it, it just throbbed in her hand.

"Maybe we shouldn't let this go to waste."

She then turned around and walked back to where she had been sitting and removed her gloves. All the while staring at me she then took off her shirt, one slow button at a time. By now I thought she was going to tease me to death, just make me ache and then leave me hanging. As she got her shirt open, she left it hanging there for a moment as I got my first look at her flat stomach and her nice tits being held in by her bra. She rubbed her hands inside her shirt over her stomach and then started squeezing her tits, never taking her eyes off of me.

Once she was satisfied she'd given me a little show, she removed her shirt and promptly removed her bra. I was amazed at how her tits still were very perky after all those years. She then came back over to me and rubbed her chest up against me and began kissing my neck. She kissed from the top of my shirt all the way up to where she grabbed my face hard, squeezing my jar in her strong hands and shoved her tongue into my mouth kissing me deeply. She probably only kissed me for a second but it felt like five minutes.

What she did next amazed me. She dropped to her knees and began undoing my belt buckle. She pulled my belt completely out of my jeans and tossed it aside. She then unbuttoned them, unzipped them and pulled them down below my ass. 

My cock pointed straight ahead, hard enough to cut diamonds. She sunk her fingers into my ass and took the head of my cock into her mouth sucking hard while swirling her tongue around it clockwise. She then ran her left hand around to my shaft and began a slow stroke as she did this. She pulled my cock out and held it up while she licked me from the bottom of my sack, in-between my balls, and up the bottom of my cock until she reached the head again. Once she got back to my cock in her mouth she went to work; sucking me hard, stroking my shaft really hard and trying to drain my balls as fast as she could. 

It didn't take long. Pretty soon I was thrusting my cock into her mouth and exploding cum into the back of her throat and she swallowed all of it. Well, almost all of it. There was a little left on her lips as she licked the last bit of it off her smile with her tongue.

She got up and removed her chaps. She then walked back to untie me.

"Get down on your knees and remove my jeans."

With my pants still below my ass I did as I was told. She turned around and shoved her ass in my face and her jeans hugged her ass so tight I almost didn't want to remove them but find a way to put my cock through them, but I reached around as she leaned back into me and unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and pulled them down. Her panties came along as they were soaked both with sweat from the day's work but also with what leaked out of her pussy during her amazing blowjob. I removed her boots and then pulled her jeans off of her. Before I could do anything she put her boots back on and lied down in front of me.

"Now my turn."

I immediately dropped down on my knees and put my face between her thighs and began licking her pussy as eagerly as she had sucked me. She moved around and nudged my head a little here and there as an older woman who knew exactly what she liked should do. Because of her help and the fact I wanted to lick her pussy more than anything at that moment, she came almost as quickly as I had. She pulled me up on top of her and she watched me as I licked her cum off of my lips, just as she had mine. 

She rolled me off of her and got up and took the rope and tied my hands behind my back. She then moved me onto my back onto a bail of hay. She put her chaps back on, which at the time I couldn't quite figure out yet, but it would make sense later. She then grabbed my cock, which at this point was hard again and stroked me a few time before sitting down on top of me. She began riding me and as she did, she undid every button of my shirt very slowly. She was slowly grinding her pussy into my cock and undoing each button. Once she got to the end, she grabbed my t-shirt at the bottom and ripped it clear up to my neck. She had difficulty ripping the neck as it was much tougher but she kept ripping on it, digging into my neck until she got it ripped in two.

Her pussy was clamping down tight on my cock and she had her hands on my chest to leverage herself as she just kept grinding and grinding. About this time we heard a noise. John, one of the other farm hands had heard us fucking in the loft and had tried to sneak a peak but gotten caught.

"Get up here John" she called.

"Yes ma'am". He did as he was told.

He walked over to us and she kept grinding on me, but when he got close enough, she ripped off his belt, pulled his jeans down and took his cock, which was soft for a brief moment, into her mouth. As she did so I could see John's cock harden and fill her mouth. She was sucking on him as hard as she had me and his eyes were rolling back in his head.

She suddenly stopped, took his cock out of her mouth and got off of me. She then untied me and got on her knees. She looked at John and then pointed to the bail of hay where he promptly sat down. She then pointed to me and pointed behind her and I went behind her and put my cock into her dripping cunt. No sooner than I did that than she began sucking on John again. I was thrusting as hard as I could and feeling her tense up again before her body shuddered and she came hard, moaning and ceasing her furious blowjob. 

At that, she pushed John onto the hay and climbed on top of him, riding his cock as he'd seen her riding mine, but she leaned over and put her ass into the air and then looked at me, "Fuck my asshole now!"

I climbed up and slowly pushed my cock into her puckered little ass and she began moving back and forth as John was pushing his monster cock inside of her. Before long his cock gave her another orgasm, this time it was all she could do not to scream and alert the whole farm. She began sucking his fingers to keep her mouth busy. All the while I began to thrust harder and faster, feeling myself about to cum again.

"Fill my asshole with your cum!"

With that command I could hold out no longer and shot another huge load into her asshole. After I finished shaking I noticed John about to cum and then he started shaking shooting his load into her throbbing cunt. Then I felt her quake again, biting down on his fingers as she did so.

I slowly dismounted and she leaned back, her hand collecting my cum as it slowly drained out of her ass. As soon as she was sure she got it all she lifted off of John collecting his jizz as it oozed out of her. She then laid back and poured our collected cum into her mouth and smeared it all over her face. She licked it all clean that she could reach and then grabbed us by our cocks and shoved both of our limp dicks into her mouth sucking furiously and she worked her hands over our cock and balls, even reaching around to finger our assholes. 

Then, as quickly as the whole thing had begun, she got up without a word, got dressed and then descended down the ladder. John and I stared at each other for a moment and then quickly got ourselves dressed and got back to work. We exchanged uncomfortable looks the rest of the summer and never spoke of it. I am sure we weren't the only farm hands she had her way with, but I am sure glad I got to be a part of it at least once. I'd never been fucked or sucked like that before, nor have I experienced anything like that in the ten years since.