 As close as Carey and I had been before she lent me her husband Mike for sex we became so much closer afterwards. We became total confidants, bosom buddies, and real mates. We chatted on the phone every day and told each other everything. We text and e-mailed each other and met as often as we could. Strangely, in some ways though, despite what we'd done to each other in Norfolk, there was never any hint of us having sex together. It was as if what had happened there had to have Mike included and without him anything between us was not possible.

But it was possible a couple more times when he was there. Not only possible and practical but also actually happened. Not regularly, not a frequent event but over, oh I guess, the next year or so she lent me her husband two more times to provide me with the relief from sexual frustration I needed but felt unable to gain from men I met on dates. And both times she was with us. She was there on the bed as Mike and I made love. She became as naked as we were during the lovemaking. And she joined in. No, I mean we both did. With Mike there Carey and I had the courage, lack of inhibitions, freedom or his blessing, call it what you will, to hold and fondle each other. To kiss and touch, to probe, stroke and caress the other's body. To in effect have the most tender and loving, exciting and stimulating and pleasurable and satisfying three-way sex that I felt was possible. Those nights when the three of us came together were magical times of such closeness and loving sex.

Mike and Carey had been on holiday in the Maldives and South Africa for four weeks. On their return we'd chatted briefly and had agreed to have a long catch up phone chat the next day.

"I bet he's great in bed Mand," she said when I told her I was seeing Brad. 

I'd explained that I'd met him when I went to have some treatment on a strained hamstring muscle I'd got playing tennis. He was in his mid twenties and had only recently moved to the UK from Australia.

"He's such a hunk," I'd explained going on to describe the six foot two inch muscular tanned body. 

"No he's not blonde as well," I'd told her, "but he's got great moody eyes, just like Russell Crowe. And a fantastic tan, good legs and a fabulous arse"

"Trust you to notice that, you always look at men's bums first don't you," she'd laughed. Anyway how did you pull him?"

I explained that as he'd massaged the back of my legs I'd had the most erotic thoughts. My normal vivid imagination had gone into over drive as his hands had slid up my legs.

"I was only wearing my knickers with a towel over my bum," I explained.

"Mmm sound very erotic."

"It was I can tell you. As were the thoughts going through my mind."

"And they were what exactly?" she asked sounding very interested.

"Well to be truthful Carey I was imagining that on one of the times they slid up my leg that he didn't stop."

Carey laughed. "You dirty cow, but what nice thoughts. Did they stop or go on?"

"Of course they stopped."

"So you didn't have an orgasm on his massage table then? Or did he offer extras as the girls do in massage parlours."

"No thankfully for I'm not sure what I might have said to be honest. I really was quite worked up."

"I bet you were for I assumed you were your normal frustrated self."

"You know me too well luv."

"I am getting to Mandy. You know I read a really horny book once that had a fantastic massage scene in it. Hang on a mo it's in the bookcase somewhere." She put the phone down and was gone for a couple of minutes. "It's called The Big Apple by Pat Booth the ex model."

"I know I read a couple of hers they are quite horny aren't they?"

"Well this one was. The massage scene in it was between two women, though."

"Oh really?" I said feeling a little embarrassed for although we'd sort of had sex now several times we never referred to it when together. It was though that was a separate and secret compartment of our lives into which only we and Mike were allowed.

I guessed she felt the same for she changed the subject.

"So how did it go from you imagining his hands on your fanny to him actually doing it? Quite quickly it seems."

"Well yes it was really."

"So come on tell, give me all the gory details, us old married women don't get that sort of thing."

I explained that it turned out that the physio practice he worked for were opening a clinic at my tennis club. He was to be working there a few days later and offered to have a light knock up with me to see if the muscle had mended sufficiently for me to play in a match that was scheduled for the coming week.

He was a very good player and had a great style to his tennis explaining later that he nearly got into his State team when a schoolboy. 

"Did he look good in his tennis gear?"

"Oh Carey he looked fantastic. You know me I'm not that much of a visual person. I don't usually look at a man's physical appearance and fancy him."

"No right. I know you're more into his mind and personality aren't you?" she laughed.

"Yes usually but shit not with him."

"Lust at first sight was it?"

"Mmmm something like that."

"So come on how long did it take to get those well guarded knickers off you? That night or were you respectable and made him wait until the next day?"

"You know I'm a highly moralled, prudish mum Carey I don't do things like that."

"Yeah right. Two days later was it?" she smiled.

"Over a week actually," I said quite strongly trying to retain some dignity. "Bloody crazy isn't I've got a toy boy C."

"And bloody good luck to you to."

Over the next couple of weeks I kept Carey up to speed with my whirlwind relationship with him. I told her most things but not quite how much I fancied him for I was becoming besotted by his sheer sexiness. Not just in his looks but also in his performance for I'd forgotten completely the stamina and recovery powers that young men have. But then I hadn't been with a young man since I was a young woman and that didn't really count for I was so inexperienced then.

The first time we made love was amazing. 

He'd bought me a drink after that few games of tennis and we'd met again the next day at the club. We'd chatted again and had a few drinks. It was then he asked me out. I refused at first for the idea of a thirty eight year old woman going out with a twenty five year old guy somehow seemed, oh what's the word? Unseemly? I wasn't at all sure how I'd feel with others looking at us and thinking of that older woman with her toy boy. I'm very vain like that. 

But he persisted so we had tappas in a little restaurant that was really a little too close to where I lived in Docklands. It was an early dinner and throughout it I was scanning the restaurant in case there was anyone I knew but luckily there wasn't. He walked me home and behaved perfectly just giving me a gentle peck on the cheek.

"Great evening Mand. Do it again soon shall we?"

I agreed but was surprised to get a call from him the next day suggesting lunch that day. I could make it but tried turning him down not wanting to appear too keen for at that time I wasn't as eager for him as I later became. Again though he persisted but I held out saying.

"What the hell do you want to spend your time with an old woman like me for?"

"Well as you ask Mandy, because I think you are a beautiful and extremely sensuous woman and I want to make love to you."

I don't like the phrase but it does sum up how I felt. I was gobsmacked.

"Oh come on," I said.

"No I mean it I've always had a thing for older women and I think you're fantastic."

I agreed to meet him for another early dinner telling him that I had to be home by eight because my daughter was there.

At the dinner he came back several times to what he'd said on the phone about how he fancied me so much. It was quite surprising at how easily such a young guy could say things like, "from the first time I saw you I wanted you," or "you have a body to die for," and "I just so badly want to make love to you," without sounding either, yucky, smutty or just too glib. When it came from him it sounded fine and of course played to my female vanity.

Outside as he walked me home through the dark, fairly deserted streets of Docklands he put his arm round my shoulders. As we got nearer to my apartment block so he held me tighter and as we reached the wrought iron electronic gates he pulled me into a doorway.

"I really do mean all those things I said, Mandy," he whispered as he pulled me against him.

"Yes, yes I'm sure," was all I could manage by way of reply wondering what was coming next. I should have known and probably did really for he kissed me. Not a particularly strong or intrusive kiss but, surprisingly and pleasingly to me, a gentle and tender one. It went on for some time and really was quite pleasant. Then, naturally I suppose, seeing my acceptance of that his hand slid between us and cupped my breast. I felt my body jerk for the sensation on it was strong. Other than Mike, and Carey of course, no one had touched me there for so long. 

"No, no Brad," I said sharply, "not here."

"I'm sorry Mandy," he said pulling his hand and face away from me and smiling broadly at me as he added, "where then?"

I couldn't help smiling at his cheek but ducked the question by saying, as I looked at my watch and seeing it was after eight.

"I have to go now, my daughter will be home."

"I want to see more of you Mandy. When can I see you again?"

"I don't know," I replied hedging my bets by adding, "I'm very busy with work at the moment."

"You can't be so busy to not have some fun can you?"

"No of course not but what with my work, my daughter and playing tennis most of my spare time's taken up."

"Let me have some of it Mandy, please, just a little."

"Look I have to go call me later and we'll talk about it."

Around nine o'clock he phoned. Sarah was doing her homework and I'd just had a shower.

"When we can me meet Mandy?" he asked after we'd chatted for a few moments.

I had to speak quietly for Sarah was in her bedroom and would have her door open as she always did.

"I'm not sure."

"I have to see you soon."

"Brad I really don't know if this is right."

"Of course it is. We need to see each other."

I went on about how daft it was a twenty five year old and a woman of thirty seven dating and he said that age didn't matter at all. We to'd and fro'd along those lines for some time with the conversation gradually becoming more intimate with Brad saying things like

"I hardly think of anything else than you"

"I wake up at night imagining you beside me."

"Your face and your body keep coming into my mind."

I was retorting by telling him not to be silly but inside I was pleased to hear such compliments and receive such flattery.

"OK Mandy can you say honestly that you haven't thought of what it would be like for us to make love?" he asked.

I hesitated for of course I had. "That's not the point," I said rather lamely.

"Yes it is. If you've thought that why not do it? You're young, free and can do what you want. Loosen up a little."

"I'm not like that Brad, I don't just sleep with someone just because of that."

"Then why do you?"

"Well actually I don't anymore."

"What sleep with men?"

"Yes."

"Never?"

"Not any more no."

"When was the last time?"

"That's not really your business is it?

"No I suppose not but I want to learn more about you, I want to get to know, I want to know everything."

I laughed, "Well you won't do that Brad, I'm quite a private person you know."

"Yes I do and that fascinates me."

"Look just give me a chance Mandy?"

"How? What do you mean?"

"Have dinner with me, let's talk, spend the evening together and then if that's all you want to do then fair enough we leave it. OK?"

I eventually agreed. Maybe on purpose I chose a night when Sarah was staying at a friend's house all night, persuading myself that would mean I wouldn't have to hurry home. We arranged to meet at a bar restaurant a few minutes walk from both the clinic where he worked and where I lived.

I pondered on what to wear for I didn't want to dress too young but also I didn't want to be too obviously the older woman out with her toy boy. In the end I chose my old faithfuls, the black leather trousers. Not my newest pair that I'd paid a fortune for in Florence but the older pair. They were thinner and due to me having put on a little weight a little tight, I noticed when I stood in front of the mirror in my hallway dressed just in them. I saw that the waistband dug into me bit and that across my bottom they were stretched but OK. As I was checking them out I looked at my boobs that always when my weight is going up are the first parts of me to balloon. I found myself thinking, "I hope he likes big boobs and not the little pimples that the stick-like young girls he's probably used to have," for standing their topless they looked more double D than their normal between C and D. I shut such thoughts out of my mind. "I'm only having bloody dinner with him," I reminded myself.

But of course it wasn't just dinner. Of course it wasn't just a chat. And of course it wasn't just an evening together and then leave it. No it was a friendly, romantic, highly sexually charged dinner followed by more sex in a few hours than I would have imagined possible. 

He fucked me the first time in the lounge of my apartment. He fucked me less than ten minutes after we'd got there. He fucked me bent over the back of my sofa. Bent over, my trousers around my knees my top open and my thong pushed to one side. And he fucked me so well my orgasm was enormous.

It didn't stop there for then we went to bed. We made love less than an hour later and then again after another hour or so. I had forgotten the recovery powers of younger men and the stamina they have. I'd also forgotten what it was like to be crushed against such a lithe, toned, muscular and fit body. And of course I'd forgotten what it was like for a man's erection to return after such short periods. True, just before he left at around one he needed some help that my mouth readily provided.

During the next few weeks I saw that not only the quantity that he could supply was so good but also the quality was great as well. He was imaginative, adventurous, considerate and just so fucking sexy that I couldn't get enough of him.

"Be careful luv," Carey said when I was telling her about him, "I can't have my best friend falling for a young Aussie stud he might whisk you off down under."

"It's not like that at all Carey. I don't look at him like that," I tried explaining.

"So what is it then?"

"Well for the first time in my life it's purely sex, I've never felt that before. Is that bad?"

"No, not at all, I think it's bloody marvellous. I know how difficult it's been for you adjusting to life and sex after Kevin and I think it's great you've found a fuck buddy and particularly one like Brad."

In subsequent chats with my friend I told her that Brad and I did little other than have sex. We rarely went out anywhere.

"Actually I do feel strange being seen with a guy that's so obviously younger than me. Silly I know."

"Still what the hell it means you get to spend more time in bed with him doesn't it? Lucky girl."

"True I suppose."

"Tell you what bring him round to dinner with Mike and me."

"I see what you mean Mandy," Carey said on the phone the day after we'd had a lovely evening with her and her husband. 

Despite Mike being some fifteen years older than Brad, they'd got on ever so well particularly as they both had a great love of cricket that they talked about endlessly. Being in advertising Mike and Carey were both very easy going with carefree attitudes and a very liberal, non-judgemental approach to life apart from with regard to Kevin, my ex. They'd known him quite some time and felt almost as much let down as I did when they heard of his philandering ways after the divorce. 

It was talking about him and how what he'd done to me had so fucked up my attitude towards dating, sex with men post him and emotional entanglements with them that had led to that amazing time at their cottage in Norfolk. That incredible moment when she offered to share Mike with me. Those fantastic hours when the three of us lay on their bed slowly and tenderly making love. That beautiful time when Mike was inside me and Carey was holding me, kissing me and stroking me.

"It was a great evening Carey, thanks so much. It really was nice for Brad and me to go out like a normal couple."

"You are a normal couple you should go out more together."

"I know but I feel as if people are looking and making judgements and that makes me feel funny."

"You daft bitch Mandy. Anyway I think he's gorgeous, I could quite fancy him myself."

Laughing I replied, "Well you can always borrow him Carey, one good turn deserves another doesn't it?"

"Really Mandy? I'd have to ask Mike," my friend replied seeming to take my offer rather more seriously than I'd intended.

"I was joking Carey."

"Oh were you?" she replied sounding disappointed, "you quite got my hopes up there. Still your stud's got one older woman he wouldn't want two would he?

"I don't know about that I think Brad fancies anything female, he's quite a letch really but at least an honest one. He's very up front as most Aussies are."

"So what did you think of Carey and Mike?" I asked Brad the next afternoon as I lay in his arms naked having just been royally rogered.

"Great, lovely people, I had a smashing time. I like Mike, he's a great guy, not too stuffy like many Brits his age."

"And Carey?"

"Oh she's great, beautiful and intelligent what more could you want?"

"You sound as if you were quite smitten," I said as I ran my fingertips down his flat stomach and into the thick thatch of brown pubic hair.

"Don't be daft she's your friend."

Smiling as I felt his erection growing in my hand I replied, "oh yeah as if that would stop you."

"Of course it would."

"OK but if she wasn't my best friend would you fancy her then?"

"Oh well that would be different, of course, she's gorgeous."

"Would you try to pull her as you did me?"

"I guess so if the opportunity was there," he replied pushing his erection in and out on my hand gently as his hand cupped one of my breasts.

"But she hasn't got tits like these has she?"

"No but hers are lovely," I replied not thinking.

"You've seen 'em then have you? Mmmmmm naughty but what a thought."

Thankful that he couldn't see my face for I was sure I was blushing I lied, "we've been topless sunbathing."

"Oh bugger my mind was racing then," he said thrusting harder with his cock in my hand.

"You're incorrigible Brad," I said softly as I rubbed him a little harder, "thinking of Carey and me like that."

"Actually Mand I am thinking of that right now you know."

"What thinking of her and me making love?" I whispered as I felt his prick straining in my hand.

"Yes and what a fantastic vision, you me and Carey in a threesome."

"You randy sod," I smiled as I continued pumping his delicious cock in my hand. The thought, though, that he put into my head of being with him and Carey certainly made me feel even more aroused.

"I can see her shorter blonde hair falling across your tits Mandy as she kisses them. Her slimmer body, pert tits and great arse all naked as we all make love," he muttered thickly pushing me off and kneeling beside me taking his cock in his hand. He went on as he pumped himself. "God I'd love to fuck the pair of you at once as you play with each other."

"Like that Brad," I sighed taking my breasts in my hands as he leaned forward.

"Yes just like that, her hands holding your big tits Mandy that I want to cum on."
