 I'd flown through Germany a few times in the past but this time I'd decided to actually stopover and have a look around. My flight arrived in Frankfurt mid-afternoon on a Friday and as soon as I got in my hire car I found myself in gridlock traffic. I waded through it as the afternoon settled in and the rain clouds built up. By evening the city gave way to rolling green hills and I was on a motorway heading god knows where. 

It was a summer evening so the daylight lingered but the rain became quite heavy until I couldn't see and I found myself on a smaller road, having accidentally taken an exit. I figured I'd just keep driving until I found a hotel or something and worry about where I was the next day.

The road narrowed on its path through dense timber and although I'd seen a few buildings with lights on I hadn't found anywhere to stay. It had been over an hour since the motorway and night had set in. I was about to turn back when I saw a car on the side of the road with its lights flashing and its bonnet raised. Beside it waving frantically was a young woman.

She came to my window but she was speaking too fast for me to understand. "English?" I said to her and she nodded and caught a breath.

"It's broken down."

I waved for her to get in her car and I pulled off the road and went to see if I could help. She had a flashlight, which allowed me to have a good look but it was obvious her car wasn't going anywhere soon. There was oil everywhere and the block was too hot to touch. 

I went back to her window. "You need a tow truck..."

She nodded that she'd understood. "Do you have a phone to call my husband?" she asked me.

I shook my head. "Sorry... but I can give you a lift."

She took a moment to think about it then she nodded again. "Okay," she said and I helped her lock up her car then we hurried to mine. Both of us were absolutely soaked.

"Which way?" I asked her but she didn't know. It seemed she was lost too, so I decided to continue in the same direction in the hope we'd at least find a phone soon. "I'm Matt," I said and I smiled.

"Nicole..." she replied. "And thank you for stopping."

"You're welcome... There's a hand towel in my bag. It's right on top."

She had to reach through the seats to get to my bag and I took the opportunity to check her out. She had on a little dress that stretched up as she searched for the towel and I could see the soft lines of her inner thighs but there wasn't enough light to make out her panties. "I can't find it," she said and I smiled to myself and reached back to help her.

She was wedged between the seats and holding my bag open. I didn't touch her with my hand but as I felt for the opening in the bag I pressed my arm into her breasts. They were soft and warm and I could feel her tight little nipple "I think that's it there," I said and pulled the edge of the towel out of the bag. 

She sat back around and I asked her what had happened with her car. She told me about getting lost on the way to meet her husband at a function that was in the area somewhere, and how her car had just overheated and stopped. Her main concern though was leaving the car there by the road as she had borrowed it from a friend and didn't want it to be damaged or stolen.

We sat quietly for a while and she finished drying her hair and her shoulders then she offered me the towel. I accepted it but it was her perfume I wanted. Her scent was beautiful. I wiped my face and drew it in.

"I hope there's a phone soon," she said.

"I think I saw a light through the trees... could be something."

We emerged from the trees and there was an inn nestled back off the road a bit. There were four old farm trucks parked in front but I drove up as close as I could to the door and we hurried in out of the rain. 

There was a little foyer with a coat rack and a mirror. It opened into a small room with a bar where a group of men were drinking and laughing. There was about eight of them gathered around a table at the base of a set of stairs. They looked much like the trucks outside, old and weathered, and I guessed they were local farmers. At the top of the stairs was a landing and fixed to the wall there was a pay phone, and along the landing were doors, obviously to rooms.

Three or four of the men were looking over at us. 

"Nicole wasn't it?" I asked and that time she gave me a nice little smile in response.

"You don't have to wait... I'll be fine now," she suggested.

"That's all right. I think there's some rooms upstairs and I've had enough driving for tonight."

She'd turned her back to me to tidy herself in the mirror, and as she fixed her hair her little dress lifted nicely and revealed a tiny pink triangle between her legs. I felt her eyes in the mirror but I didn't meet them right away. I didn't expect she'd complain after I'd just brought her in from a dark, rainy night. And I think I was right because she continued to fiddle with her hair and she just watched me without saying anything.

When I did meet her eyes they averted quickly and a little blush overcame her face. "Will you have a drink with me while you're waiting for your husband?" I asked her.

"Maybe one drink but I must call to him first." She answered.

I waited while she smoothed her dress down and I felt her eyes again as I examined her tits. The wet fabric was clinging to them like it was painted on. Her nipples were hard and they were clearly visible. "I'll go and get my room then..." I said to her and I left her there and went to the bar.

The barman gave me a key and I went back for my bag. When I returned the girl was talking on the phone. The group of men were milling around beneath and basically staring up at her. I edged through them and looked up myself to find she actually had on little thong panties, but the landing was too narrow for her to do anything but stand there and let them look.

I climbed the stairs and had to squeeze past her. Her face was red and she was talking in low, anxious tones, I imagined with her husband. I went into my room and quickly changed into dry clothes then I went back down to the bar where I found her talking with the barman.

I could understand a little of what they were taking about. Apparently her husband was flooded in somewhere and she would be staying the night. And then she was asking about a tow-truck for her car and the barman was pointing out one of the men in the group over by the stairs.

She thanked him and tentatively approached the group of men. They were immediately silent and a few of them stepped aside to invite her to come in. She began explaining her situation and they sort of closed in around her and soon had her sitting up on a stool sipping on half a glass of Bailey's. The issue of her car had been dealt with. The son of the man with the tow-truck was on his way.

I collected the beer I'd bought and made my way over. Two of the older men, who I guessed were about sixty or so, invited me into the circle. Young Nicole was sitting there with her knees clamped together, but she was soon giggling along with the conversation and I noticed after she'd started on a second half glass of Bailey's her knees had relaxed.

The stool she was sitting on was quite high with a rung for her feet about half way up the legs. She had her spiked heels hooked upon that and her knees were slightly raised from her seat. From the side I could also see that her little dress had hiked up and she was sitting on the bare vinyl. She'd turned to say something to one of the men at that point but when she turned back laughing and holding her hand over her mouth to stop from loosing the sip of drink she'd just taken, her knees strayed and a few of the old men and I got a look at how her little thong was furrowing up inside of her pussy.

We only got a quick flash before she realized we were looking and she closed her legs. She then tugged at the hem of her dress a bit as she peered around at us, but I could see the effect of the alcohol in her eyes. They were still bright, but they were wandering and she was soon distracted by something the tow-truck guy said. He was behind her and she looked back over her shoulder to answer him, and as she did her knees opened nicely again. They just strayed a few inches but it was enough for the old guys and I to have another look at how the soft pink fabric was clinging to the lips of her pussy and how it was splitting her open.

Another of the men was trying to edge in front of her so I moved aside to let him have a look. I then just watched her face. Her warm, friendly eyes were brown with a hint of green and her smile was modest and sweet. Her soft, blond hair had dried and it bounced around her shoulders. Her shoulders were milky white and slender. Her neck was beautiful as she tossed her hair aside to smile back at the tow-truck guy again.

He leant in to whisper something to her about how much he wanted to help her with her car, and his hand remained upon her shoulder with his fingers slipping beneath the tiny strap holding her dress up.

Her dress had dried and it no longer clung to her skin. It was cut low between her breasts and also beneath her arms. From the side the cut of the fabric was deep enough to show a little, and as the tow-truck guy leant in again her shoulder strap slipped and the fabric gaped and revealed a tit.

She hadn't noticed. She was finishing her third drink and then waving her empty glass at the bartender. One of the other men, a guy of about fifty or so, had noticed though. He nudged me and winked, then he went back to examining the nipple we could see. The guy standing behind her grinned at us and he leant into her ear again and asked her if she wanted her to show us her little panties.

She blushed and she peered around at all of us watching. Everyone had suddenly stopped chatting and the guy rubbed firmly into her shoulders again. Her head tilted to the side and he leant in and whispered that we wanted to have a look... that she had to lift her little dress up and show us because of her car.

She smiled that time. It was a kind of nervous, embarrassed little smile though. And she looked up at us, peering around the half circle of men who had all gathered in front of her. And then her little fingers clutched the hem of her dress and she edged it up a little.

She checked back over her shoulder with the tow-truck guy but he staring at her crotch. He reached down and placed his hand over her belly, sort of flattening her dress down and holding it while he leant over and had a good look. 

She waited while he examined her panties. He didn't try to touch her. He just kept his hand pressed over her belly while one of the other men touched the inside of her knees and opened her legs a bit further.

Her fingers dug into the tow-truck guy's arm. She was clinging to it and hiding her face in his coat. The tiny pink triangle of fabric was glued to the lips of her pussy. She was obviously damp and her knees were trembling a little.

The tow-truck guy released her and his hand slipped back to her shoulder. Her face emerged from the folds of his coat and it was bright red as she peered around at us all. Her eyes were a slightly glazed though and her shy little grin returned as she looked down at herself. 

She then checked back with the tow-truck guy and whispered something that I didn't quite catch but a few of the men cheered and her smile broadened. She then reached around behind and undid her zipper, and she slipped her dress from her shoulders and showed us her tits.

They were pure white and full, with her tight little nipples kind of shuddering as she breathed. She looked down at them and then back up at all the old men. They were silenced and she lifted her hands and cupped her tits, gently feeling them and pinching her nipples, then she lowered her hands and kind of arched her back to show us.

The redness had faded from her cheeks and she looked calm, yet in a sort of a daze as she watched us all staring at her.

Fuck she was beautiful with her light little smile and her soft warm eyes, and with her tits lifting and falling gently upon her breath. Her dress was still bunched at her waist and her hand slipped down over the front of her little panties and she felt up in between the lips of her pussy. Her fingers pressed into the soft pink fabric and I could hear her juices as she rubbed herself.

I stood with the old farmers watching her while a few of them moved some stools and dragged a small table from under the stairs. Nicole was then led over to the table. She'd held her dress at her waist but they told her to strip completely and she let it fall and stepped out of it then she pulled her little panties down and stretched them over her heels.

The barman took them off her. He'd taken her car keys earlier and given them to someone who came to the door, and he'd locked up and joined in. He took her dress and panties and placed them over on the bar.

Nicole had been guided back onto the table. She was laying there in her white spiked heels and her wedding ring on her finger and apart from that she was completely naked. Her tits were bare and her little married pussy was pink and on display beneath her tiny patch of hair. She was peering around at the circle of old farmers looking her over.

"Wir möchten, dass du deine Beine spreizt, Süsse," the tow-truck guy said to her and she blushed. He wanted her legs open and she lifted her heels up onto the table and spread them for us, then he told her to finger fuck herself while we all watched.

Her hand moved tentatively across her thigh and it closed over her pussy. She then parted her labia with her middle finger and started rubbing slowly into her juices. She was obviously nervous though. So I casually placed my hand under her left tit and gently squeezed it. The old guy who'd first invited me into their circle, Dieter, was standing opposite me and he grinned. She looked to him and blushed a little again, then her eyes returned to mine and I squeezed again and rubbed my thumb across her nipple, and she arched up against my hand. 

Old Dieter's hand closed over the bulge in his trousers and a few of the others had begun feeling their cocks too. 

Nicole's eyes had closed and her fingers were pealing the lips of her pussy open and mashing into them. I watched her face while softly fondling her tit then I bent to it and tenderly sucked her nipple into my mouth.

She moaned softly. She obviously liked that. So I released the nipple and nuzzled my unshaven chin into the softness of her tit then very delicately licked around her nipple before softly sucking it in again.

She moaned again and her back arched as her fingers vibrated against her clit. By then she was oblivious to what the men around her were doing and her legs had splayed wide open.

The other old guy who'd welcomed me in, his name was Gunter, he had his eyes fixed upon young Nicole's fingers and he was massaging an enormous purple knob sticking out of his trousers. Either side of him were two men of about forty or so, who looked almost identical, and a lot like old Gunter. I assumed they were his sons, possibly even twins. They were both feeling their cocks too but hadn't yet released them. And like their dad, their jaws were hanging and they were staring at Nicole's wet little fingers.

Dieter took a step closer. He'd been watching me suck her nipple with interest but I think we was a bit shy about it. He edged right up close and I lifted as his weathered old hand cupped beneath the tit I'd been working. Nicole was watching him but he didn't look at her and he started massaging her tit and he gradually worked his way to the wet little nipple I'd left. Her eyes closed when his gnarled old fingers pinched it and I met his smile then moved to her other tit.

I lifted it gently, and with the tip of my tongue I traced around the areola while watching the barman take off his apron and then start on his trousers. He would have been in his late forties I guessed. He looked a bit younger than the three other men lined up beside him. One of those was a short fat little guy with a wiry gray beard, Klaus. Another of them was also bearded but his was trimmed and tidy, and the third looked a lot like the tow-truck guy, who I noticed had made his way around between Nicole's legs.

I'd teased her nipple long enough and I bent to it and started working it with my tongue and lips but I kept watching the tow-truck guy. He had his trousers off completely and his fist was stroking his erection. Nicole's fingers were vibrating against her clit and she was rolling her hips and splitting herself against them. I though the guy was about to start fucking her but when he was in position to penetrate her he just aimed the head of his cock and a thick slurp of cum pulsed from it and coated the back of her fingers.

Nicole suddenly stopped and held still. She could obviously feel what was happening even though she couldn't see past my shoulder. She held her fingers still and the last few spurts of the tow-truck guy's cum seeped between them and dripped into the folds of her pussy.

Her fingers had been pressed over her clit but they searched further and she mashed the guy's cum into her labia, and then she forced her middle finger in and started fucking herself with it. Old Dieter had been distracted by that. He was standing up again and feeling his cock through his trousers and watching her finger slide in and out. I kept feeling her tits while her body writhed and her hips rolled and forced her finger in deeper. There was cum everywhere. It was matted in her tiny patch of hair and it was dripping from her other fingers and glued between them.

She lifted upon an elbow and looked down at herself. Then we all watched while she collected the remaining globs of cum. She cleaned some off her thigh and then spread it between her fingers before inserting them into her pussy. And then she withdrew her fingers and scraped another heavy glob from her mound and guided it over her clit and up inside of herself. She then peered up at the men directly in front and blushed a little before laying back down and returning to work on her clit.

I opened my lips over her nipple again and sucked it softly. Her free hand closed over her other tit and the fingers pressed against her clit were suddenly vibrating again. Her eyes were shut tight and she dug her spiked heels into the table and rolled her hips up off it. She braced there like that and started mashing her fingers into her cum soaked pussy. She was beginning to loose control and I held her little nipple with my tongue and lips and waited. Her body then tensed. Her fingers were clamped hard against her clit and I felt the first tremor pulse through her. Her free hand was then in my hair and she gripped my head and her body pulsed again so I felt down over her belly and closed my hand over hers. She then convulsed again and her hand slipped from beneath mine but she held onto my wrist and ground her wet open gash against my hand. I held up into her firmly and kept softly sucking her nipple and after a few moments her contractions began to fade.

The tow-truck guy was dressed and drinking beer. The barman was fully erect and standing there naked from the waist down. Two of the guys lined up next to him were working their cocks and the short fat guy had his out through his trousers. Old Dieter was still staring at Nicole's tits. Her chest was expanding and contracting and her tits were beautiful. The other old guy, Gunter, looked like he'd be the first to fuck her but I'd already decided that I would be!

Her body had relaxed and I lifted her and turned her toward me. "Do you want this?" I said to her as I freed my cock, but she didn't answer. I levered it down and pressed the head into her opening, sliding it in a little and then withdrawing and rubbing the head up through her dripping wet slit and over her clit. She flinched when I touched her clit with it though. She was obviously still sensitive. So I forced the head back in and then speared my cock all the way up her.
