 Part I: The Favor

When a man comes home to his wife and a houseful of women, it's either really good or really bad, especially when the conversation stops as soon as the door opens. And most especially when the women looking at him have those expressions suggesting they know something he doesn't (and of course they do -- it's always that way). His wife stepped forward and walked toward him.

"Hi honey," she said as she put her arms around his neck, "How are you?"

"Hey Em. I'm ok. What's up with you guys?" he said and released her, looking at the other two women. 

His wife, Emily, smiled up at him. Her rich, chocolate brown eyes were framed by shoulder length wavy brown hair, and full lips. She was slender but not skinny, and leaned to the athletic side of things; attractive by anyone's standards, especially for a 40 year old. In fact, Ryan thought, the whole group of her friends were well above average. Cat was her best friend, tall, with shoulder-length, full red hair and green eyes, a voluptuous body, curvy and soft. Ryan had always thought she was among the sexiest women he had ever met, and she had a coy, seductive personality to match. Allison was the shortest of the three, maybe 5'3", with sandy brown hair and blue eyes, thin, but with a large chest that caught men's attention even through a winter coat. 

Emily glanced at her two friends. "We were just gossiping."

"Any good stories?" Ryan asked.

"Just the usual stuff." She answered.

Allison reached out and put a hand on Emily's shoulder.

"I have to get going and feed my dickhead husband. I'll talk to you tomorrow morning." 

Cat told her, "Don't take any shit tonight," as Allison headed out the still open door. 

Ryan watched her walk out and asked "Everything alright with Allison? She seems pissed. Is Brad being a dick again?"

"Just the usual crap. Bitching about nothing."

Ryan crossed into the kitchen and poked his head into the refrigerator, trolling for a snack. 

"Where's Ashley tonight?" he asked, emerging with an apple just in time to catch on those "for women only" looks flash between Emily and Cat. 

Emily spoke first. "She's at home, being morbid. She didn't want to come over in case she some fun." A note of sarcasm. 

"Yeah, she was afraid the sun would turn her to stone. Fucking Medusa," added Cat.

Ryan chuckled, "Cat hon, wrong myth. Medusa was the one who turned men to stone for her garden."

"Smart men make me sooooo horny," Cat fired back.

Ashley had gotten divorced about 9 months earlier and had had a hard time getting over it; her ex-husband had left her for another women, which, thought Ryan, was rather odd since Ashley happened to be a rather stunning, intelligent, and genuinely nice woman. 

"You guys should give her a break and quit being so intolerant," Ryan advised, biting into the cold, pithy apple. "Shit, this apple sucks. I hate mushy apples!"

Emily looked at Ryan closely. "Listen Ryan, we have a favor to ask of you. It's going to sound odd, though."

Cat gave Ryan a seductive half-smile, "But could be fun."

Ryan's brow wrinkled, "Shit. What?" He figured someone's car was broken and they needed a ride, or some kid needed babysitting. His wife and her friends always came to him for help; in truth, he was the man in their group of friends they could turn to. The rest of the husbands by-and-large ignored their wives and made their presence known only when it suited their needs. This fact often put Ryan in the crosshairs when the girls needed a hand, but it also routinely left him as the only man in a group of beautiful women.

Emily continued, "I'm not sure how to ask this, so I'll just come out with it. We think Ashley needs to get laid."

"No," Cat interrupted, "She needs to cum. Hard."

Emily shot Cat a look that said "this is hard enough, so shut the hell up". 

Ryan let out a small chuckle towards Cat. He shared her rough and rather blunt sense of humor. "So how hard could it be for Ash to find a willing guy? It's not like she's nasty and has crabs. Well, maybe she had crabs... I'll try to think of someone from work we could set her up with," said Ryan. 

Cat returned Ryan's giggle, which perturbed Emily even more. She never did like it when Ryan and Cat flirted, especially in front of her. 

"Ryan, I think you're missing the point," said Emily

Cat giggled louder, and ended up letting out a snort, which sent her and Ryan into laughing fits. Emily waiting until their laughter had nearly subsided. "You're not helping, Cat."

Cat continued to grin. "You want me to just tell him? Maybe it will be easier that way. Ryan- Emily, Allison and I think that-"

"Cat!" Emily cut in. "Ryan, we think that it would better for Ash if she was put into a comfortable position, that's all."

Ryan's eyebrows raised a bit, "Ok, so..."

"So we, the three of us girls, thought you could help her," Emily said.

"Yeah, help her back in the saddle," Cat added with a sideways glance to Ryan, "In all seriousness, Ryan, she needs the confidence, and you're the nicest guy any of us knows. She's comfortable with you. We all are. Plus," Cat snuck a look at Emily, "we hear you're not half bad in bed, which is better than we can say for the rest of our husbands."

He looked confused, his heart pounding, "Emily...?"

"Ryan," Emily said as she walked over to him, "I know where our marriage stands and it's ok. I've thought about this for a while, and in fact it was my idea. We already have it all set up. Ash knows and is willing to try." She put her arms around his neck and whispered in his ear "I'll make it up to you. I promise."

Ryan arrived at the hotel that night -- the girls knew this had to happen before anyone could change their mind. Ryan, Emily, and Cat had talked it over, and laid out the boundaries -- this was for Ashley and Ryan had to respect that, but they all knew he would treat her like a queen, and that's why they had asked him to do this. Emily had told the girls that he was slow, gentle lover; that he always made sure to take care of her needs. Still, it was an odd feeling for him to be meeting another woman, especially one he knew so well, after being with only Emily for so many years. Part of his mind held the suspicious thought that this was a set up to test his fidelity in the most difficult conceivable situation, but deep-down he knew the girls where right about this. And of course, there was the little man-part of his brain that painted the picture of the perfect fantasy... 

The interior of the hotel was warm and dry after the cool, rainy fall afternoon, and very nice. Ryan found the elevators and pushed the button for the 10th floor -- the top level of the building. The door slide open and he stepped onto the penthouse floor.

"The girls haven't missed a trick," he thought as stepped out of the elevator onto the suite floor. He knocked lightly on the door marked 1001, his nerves starting to make themselves felt as he realized how long it had been since he had touched a woman other than Emily. The door opened and Ashley stood looking at him, nerves clearly getting the better of her as well. Her appearance sparked a fresh round of anxiety in him; she was dressed in a form-fitting black cocktail dress that stopped mid-thigh, showing the rest of her tanned and athletic legs below it. It was low-cut and sleeveless, letting her gym-shaped shoulders have their maximum effect on him, and her small, firm breasts were accentuated by the cut of the dress. Her hair was dark brown, approaching black, and cut just past the shoulder, framing the smooth, tan skin of her face. Her dark, almond shaped eyes and full lips gave her a sensual look, almost with the barest hint of Asian ethnicity. 

Ashley stepped aside to let him in and said, "I wasn't sure what to wear for an arranged fucking. I hope this is ok." Her wry, forced smile making it clear that she was trying to lighten the situation, an effort Ryan appreciated. 

"Me either, but you look amazing." He was wearing light tan pants and a long-sleeved shirt the color of burgundy. Typically, he didn't pay much attention to coordinating his outfits, but Emily and Cat had "dressed" him the afternoon, and made sure that his shoes, belt, and watch worked together. He was of medium height, close to 6 feet, and his trim build was a product of long bike rides, which he often took with Emily and sometimes with her group of girlfriends. His eyes were a rich gray-blue so striking that they often caught people's attention, who invariably commented on the unusual steel color. His light brown hair was kept short and he gave it almost no consideration, so that it often looked like it had just lost a fight with the wind. What the girls in Emily's group of friends found most attractive, though, was his easy smile that put people at ease, made them feel comfortable, like whatever problems they had were not that important after all. His laugh showed in his eyes, turning them up at the corners and providing a little glint with a contagious effect that could always get the girls giggling over nothing at all. 

The suite Ryan entered was more akin to an apartment than a hotel, with a living room and kitchen in front, and a large bedroom in back. Through the door into the bedroom, a fireplace was visible, with a stack of wood sitting on the hearth. The late afternoon sun sent diffused light through the cloudy sky that left the room with a gray pallor. Ryan set his small travel bag down on the hotel-issue desk and took out a bottle of still chilled chardonnay and two glasses. He and Ashley were the only two in their little group of friends of that liked chardonnay, and so he had gotten the best wine that he could find on short notice. 

Ashley looked at the bottle, "Oh my God, thank you so much," and rested a hand on Ryan's shoulder while he opened the bottle and poured two glasses. The feel of her hand sent a fresh wave of butterflies through his stomach, but excited him at the same time. It wasn't like he had never thought about what it would feel like to be with Ash, her skin against his, the taste of her lips, her hands caressing him. He had to almost physically shake himself out his reverie, a daydream that was rapidly turning into reality.

"So I'm not exactly sure where to start, Ryan..."

He handed her a glass and motioned for her to sit on the couch. 

"Let's just have a glass of wine. We don't have to do anything, you know. This is for you, however you want it to go. We can sit and get drunk, if you'd like. I'm just here as you're kept-man for the night," he said, smiling that disarming smile. 

Her gratitude was clear in the smile she returned. They sat and slowly sipped their wine, chatting about life, politics, marriage, anything that came to mind. The wine warmed both them, and Ashley's face had taken on the barest sheen that made her look a bit like she had just finished a workout. Ryan set his glass on the table and put his hands on her shoulders, turning her so that her back faced him, and began to massage her shoulders and neck, using gentle pressure and small circular motions. The feel of her skin was like cream under his fingers as he worked every inch of exposed flesh. His hands skimmed down her arms to her hands, raising gooseflesh and leaving her nipples hard under her dress. He could feel her breathing quicken and knew the exercise was having the same effect on both of them.

She turned her head back to look at Ryan. "You're going to finish the job you came for just by doing this..." Her voice had taken on the slightly husky edge of lust. 

He leaned in toward Ashley, and realizing he was taking a chance, kissed her lightly on the corner of the mouth -- a kiss that fell tantalizingly between one for a lover and one for a friend. She let the lids of her dark brown eyes sink closed and turned her head back around in a clear invitation for Ryan to continue his exploration of her body. 

"So," he thought, "we're going through with this after all." He wove his fingers through her hair and began to massage the sensitive skin of her scalp.

Through her closed eyes Ashley said, "Ok, Ryan, you've seduced me now. Just be gentle, it's been a long time since I've done this."

"Don't worry, Ash. I promise," and he kissed the back of her neck with light butterfly kisses before standing from the couch, "Hang on for a just a minute, ok? I'll be right back."

Ryan entered the room dominated by a monstrous king bed with an excess of big, soft pillows stacked three deep. The walls of the room were painted soft beige and hung with large prints showing art galleries from around the world; the Louvre, the Met, the National Art Gallery. He pulled the brash maroon and gold bed spread back to reveal sheets bleached to a shocking white. That done, he turned his attention to the fireplace. Sitting on the grate inside was a prepared combination of kindling and paper ready to light and a pack of wooden matches left nearby, all part of the hotel's penthouse experience. He squatted on his haunches and lit the paper, small yellow flames tinged with green getting larger as they poured up the paper and began to consume the thin kindling, giving off small, satisfying crackles as the fire established itself on the wood. He added a small log to the growing flame, making sure it settled in just the right place before adding a second. 

"Are you almost ready?" Ashley said from the doorway. Her voice carried a slightly mocking tone that really asked why a beautiful, willing, and enthusiastic woman was being made to wait.

Ryan stood, turning his back on the fire that snapped at the two fresh logs. Ashley was leaning on one side of the doorframe, a hand idly stroking her thigh, slightly shifting the hem of the dress up her leg. She was lit by grey light from the last vestiges of the rainy day mixed with flickering yellow from the fireplace. The effect caught him completely by surprise, and he could do nothing but stand and stare. She stepped into the room and slowly came to Ryan, moving as close as she could to him without touching, their bodies separated by only the barest sheet of air. The fire gained strength behind them and its yellow glow grew bolder, fighting the coming night for control of the room.

Ashley's eyes were half closed and her mouth slightly parted. "Don't move," she whispered.

She let her lips brush his, tickling both their senses, and her tongue traced the lightest outline of his lips, still not letting any other part of their bodies touch. All thought of uncertainty that either of them had carried into the hotel had been chased off into the night. Ashley let her herself lean almost imperceptibly forward and Ryan could feel her hard nipples teasing his chest through his thin shirt as she stated to sway slowly across his body. She stepped back then and turned her back to him, letting her ass brush his crotch as she turned, feeling his hardening cock confined in his pants. Ryan reached out and let his fingers roam across the exposed skin of her shoulders and neck. 

He found the zipper to her dress and slowly started to move it down, stopping every inch to kiss the newly exposed warm skin of her back. Her head hung forward, hair cascading around her face, and Ryan took advantage of the bare skin with light kisses and fingertips that covered her neck and back. The zipper reached it's nadir at her lower back and Ryan could see that she was wearing nothing underneath the black cocktail dress. His hands slid down her back and caressed the soft skin just above her ass, letting the feeling draw itself out. Her hands reached back and found his hips, pulling him close, letting his hard cock nestle in the crevasse of her ass. 

Ashley turned her head and kissed Ryan, their tongues mixing, his hands exploring her breasts though her dress. A small moan escaped her and she stood up then, letting the dress fall to the floor, leaving her naked in the cool air. Ryan gently moved her to the edge of the king bed, and she bent over, bracing herself on her hands, her ass in the air. He stepped to the side and one hand slid along her stomach while the other grazed down her ass, eventually meeting over her now-wet pussy. His fingers grazed the lips, barely flicking her swollen clit, eliciting whimpers of pleasure from Ashley. Her hips gyrated, looking for a way to press his fingers to her clit.

"Slow down, Ash," Ryan whispered, "I promise you'll cum."

Her voice was breathy now, steaming with lust. "I don't think I can wait much longer."

Ryan let his fingers dance over her, teasing her, brushing her clit, probing just into her wetness and then back. He could feel her clit swelling, hear the pace of her breathing picking up. His left hand moved up her body, finding a nipple between thumb and forefinger at the same time he increased pressure on her clit, his finger running circles around it. He kept the pressure steady for several seconds while Ashley's back arched and her breath caught. 

"I'm going to cum in about 5 seconds," Ashely hissed. She turned and let their eyes meet. Ryan's hand moved faster between her legs, now using two fingers back and forth across her clit, pinching a nipple gently with his other hand. 

Ryan leaned into her and whispered in her ear, "I want you to cum for me now."

Ashely kept her eyes on his. "Ok" was all she was able to moan. Her body tensed and for a long moment she held her breath clenched in her chest and then "Yes, oh God. Please don't stop. I'm cumming right now." Her moans were soft and the most erotic thing Ryan had ever heard. It was the sound of a woman completely immersed in a sea of pleasure.

He started to alternate sliding his two fingers into her pussy and then back across her clit in a slow, deliberate rhythm. He let his other hand slide back down and start massaging her clit, adding to the sensation.

"Ryan," she gasped, "Hun, I'm about to cum again." He continued to stroke her engorged clit. "Oh fuck, here it is..." She bucked her back and started to moan as he continued to work on her pussy, her voice coming in gasps as her climax rolled over her. Her orgasm this time was longer and more intense and Ryan kept his movement constant until he felt her body relax under him. 

She looked at him through eyes glazed with the last film of her multiple orgasms, finally letting her body lay flat on the big bed. Ryan slid the comforter up over bare body, and let his hands massage her shoulders and upper back. 

"I've never cum so hard before. Is this what it's supposed to feel like every time?" she asked.

He let out a little laugh. "Ash, if I tell you that, it'll spoil you for other men. But I'm glad you enjoyed it."

Ashely rolled over, the light of the fire giving her a soft reddish glow as it washed over her bare breasts. Her eyes traveled down his body and settled on the bulge in his pants. 

"Ryan," she purred, "do you want to fuck me?" Her voice still dripped with lust, and stirred a new round of arousal in him. 

"Um..."

"Ryan," her voice silky, "I want you to fuck me. Nice and slow. I want to cum with you deep inside me. You're allowed to do that tonight, aren't you?" He noticed her hands had slid under the comforter, her eyes half-lidded, lips gently pursed. 

He unzipped his pants and let them fall to the floor, stepping out of them while he unbuttoned his shirt. She watched him undress, her hand moving slowly beneath the sheets, her tongue wetting her lips, breath still short and quick. As Ryan shed the last of his clothes, carefully selected for the evening by the girls, she started to sit up, but he gently held her down, bending down instead for a long, slow kiss. His lips trailed off her mouth to her smooth neck and down to her chest. His gentle kisses around her hard nipples brought a low sigh from Ashley, or perhaps it was her finger teasing her own clit that started her climb back up to the peak. 
