 Nobody moved for a couple of minutes while we caught our breath. Then Pete got up from the bed and walked to the door. 

"Be right back," he said. "Bathroom break."

After he left, I lifted myself from Sharon, my cock slowly pulling from her pussy. Sharon sat up, her legs crossed. Her pussy was gaping wide open, both our juices dripping down over her cunt lips. She looked over at Lisa, who was still on her stomach, her face buried in the bed sheets, her breath coming in quick gasps. 

"Aww, poor, baby," Sharon chuckled, reaching over and running her fingers softly over Lisa's back, rubbing through Pete's come. Sharon brought her hand to her face and licked her finger, savouring the taste of her husband's come. 

"Mmm," she said. She leaned over and softly kissed Lisa's lower back, the skin glistening with sweat and come. Then she stuck her tongue out and ran it through the come, lapping it up. "Oh, yeah."

My cock hadn't really softened much, and as I watched Sharon lick her husband's come off of Lisa's back, I felt it twitch as it started to get hard again. Sharon got up on her hands and knees to give her better access to Lisa's back, and I got up on my knees behind her. I rubbed my hardening cock against her wet pussy, then guided it in, earning a groan of satisfaction from her.

"Oh yeah," she said, looking back from her cum-licking. "Oh my god, Jake, you're hard again already, baby! Mmmm."

I pumped slowly in and out of Sharon while Lisa, now fully recovered, moved over on the mattress so that she was lying, still on her stomach, with her legs spread, exposing her pussy and ass to Sharon's eager tongue. Sharon ran her tongue all the way from Lisa's clit up to her ass, pausing to push her tongue into Lisa's rosebud before moving back down again, earning appreciative moans from Lisa, who started bucking her hips up and down.

I started pumping Sharon harder, squeezing her asscheeks and pulling them apart. Her pink asshole was winking at me with every thrust. I ran my thumb over her puckered opening, which was wet from her juices and my come from our earlier orgasms. Pushing gently, I pressed the tip of my thumb into Sharon's asshole.

"Oh, yeah!" she said, lifting her head from between Lisa's legs and pushing back, forcing my thumb deeper into her asshole. "Jake baby, are you into anal?" she said, looking over her shoulder, a pleading look on her face. "Would you fuck my ass, baby? Please?"

By this time, Pete had returned from the bathroom. "You'd better do it, man," he said, settling down onto the bed next to Lisa's head. She leaned over and took the end of his cock into her mouth, sucking gently. "She won't take no for an answer."

"Well, if I have to," I said, reluctantly pulling my cock from Sharon's pussy. I pressed the head against her soft asshole and pushed slowly, expecting some resistance. To my surprise, the head popped right past her sphincter and Sharon groaned into Lisa's pussy. She raised up onto her hands and pushed her ass back against me, forcing more of my cock into her tight ass.

"Oh yeah!" she said. "Fill me up and just fuck me, Jake!" Before I knew it, I was inside her up to my balls and I slowly pulled out, leaving just the head inside her, then I pushed back in slowly. 

"Harder!" she said, then pulled forward until my cock popped out of her ass. "Wait a second. I want to try this." Sharon turned over onto her back and pulled her legs up toward her chest. "Do it like this, Jake," she said, looking up at me. "I want to see your face while you fuck my ass."

On my knees, I moved forward until I was in position, and I pressed my cockhead against Sharon's shiny, wet asshole. This time my cock slipped in easily and I pushed it in to the hilt until my balls were nestled in the crack of her ass.

"Oooh, baby, yes!" Sharon wailed as I started to pump in and out of her. Her ass was incredibly tight, squeezing my cock as I pulled out, and Sharon's big tits bounced up and down on her chest as I fucked in and out of her. 

As I pumped Sharon's tight ass, Lisa moved over her on her hands and knees in a 69 position. She lowered her head to where Sharon and I were joined and I felt her tongue move over my thrusting cock before she moved to Sharon's pussy, lapping at her clit. At the same time, Pete knelt behind Lisa near Sharon's head and slowly fed his cock into Lisa's pussy, quickly setting up a hard rhythm.

"Mmmmm!" Lisa moaned into Sharon's pussy. I ran my right hand through Lisa's blonde hair and looked across her back at Pete, who was gripping her ass cheeks as he plowed her hard. Underneath her, Sharon was repaying Lisa's favour and was sucking her friend's pussy.

"Oh yeah, baby," Pete said at one point, "suck my balls. Mmm, oh yeah."

The girls were moaning loudly now and I could feel Sharon's asshole begin to tighten as her orgasm got closer. Suddenly, she released her mouth from Lisa's cunt and threw her head back to the mattress, wailing as her ass clamped tight around my cock.

That was as much as I could stand. I groaned as I felt the hot come start rising from my balls. 

"Wait, Jake, wait!" I looked down at Lisa, who was rubbing my cock, pulling it out of Sharon's asshole. "I want you to come in my mouth. I want to suck your come."

She took the head of my cock in her mouth and quickly rubbed her hand up and down the shaft. With a cry I let go. Lisa took the first spurt in her mouth, then let my cock pop out of her mouth and jerked my cock, aiming it at her face. My come splashed her cheeks and chin, one spurt hitting the bridge of her nose as she started to shake as her own orgasm hit her. Behind her, Pete cried out and pulled his cock from Lisa's cunt. Sharon quickly reached up and pulled her husband's cock into her mouth, moaning as she sucked down his come.

I caught my breath as I looked down at Lisa, who was rubbing my cock all over her face, coating it with my come before taking it back in her mouth and sucking it clean. She then put the head of my cock back against Sharon's wet, gaping asshole and I pushed, squeezing it in, earning a gasp and an appreciative moan from Sharon.

Lisa rolled onto her back on the mattress and Pete climbed on top of her, kissing her deeply as he mashed his soft cock against her soaking pussy. Following his lead, I pressed my softening cock as far as I could get it into Sharon's anus and I stretched out on top of her. Her face was beet-red and glistening with sweat. She was still breathing hard as she reached one hand up and grabbed me by the back of my neck, pulling my head down for a kiss. There were drops of Pete's come all around her lips, and I could taste it on her tongue as we kissed.

"Mmmm," she said, "that was a good answer, Jake."