 The Life is so terribly for Nun, the 29 year old Thai girl who's living in Great Britain. Last year she worked in a Thai restaurant and met the young black stud who said he loved her with a true heart and promised many things to her. Everything looked so perfect at that time.

Now she's jobless, and that's not the worst part, when she got back to her BF's flat from job seeking and found him fucking another girl. He tried to explain but it was too late. She decided to pack her bags and move out. She grabbed the first bus to anywhere that was as far away from this big city as much as she could, to forget those fucking things that had happened to her.

For the next several weeks she spent her time in cheap motel rooms or beds and breakfasts in many towns trying to relax and find a new job, but it looked like luck was not on her side, now she had only 200 pounds in her wallet and few necessary belongings in her backpack. She was sitting at the bus stop in some rural area near the England-Scotland border, the countryside rolled on in all directions, she was waiting for a bus or somebody to drive past that she could catch to any nearby town

She waved her hand when she noticed a car driving toward her. The dark red 1992 Vauxhall Senator slowed down and stopped in front of her. The front passenger window rolled down to reveal a fat old Arab man with short hair and trim grey-black mustache in the front passenger seat. His brown tweed waistcoat and black tie made him seem more like a "white man" than an Arab. He looked at her with the doubtful eyes.

"Do you perchance need a lift ma'am?" said an older British man with short, grey and white hair and a grey and white mustache in a dark grey 3-piece suit and blue tie behind the steering wheel. He was fat, like as his Arab friend. His appearance reminded her of Vernon Dursley from Harry Potter so much.

"'Yes mister, I prefer to go to Sheffield if you please' replied Nun.

"Dinna worry mi dear" said a Scottish accented voice in the rear compartment. The rear window rolled down and the third occupant was revealed, another fat older man who was dressed in plain white shirt and dark green tie. He had short brown hair and hairless puffy face which make him look like 90s version of John Goodman so much.

"We're goin ti Nottingham and this car ha' plenty o' room for ye. Right friends?" he said and and asked his companions.

"Sure Craig, it's not gentlemanly to leave her here when we can help." The fat Arab said kindly.

"Get in madam, we will take you to Sheffield" The Vernon Dursley-look-a-like said. She smiled and got in the car.

A few minutes later they're driving though the peaceful Great Britain country side lanes and making pleasant small talk. As they drove, she learned the Arabian man's name is Fatin and the British man's name is Molty. They had just gotten back from the Highland Games in Dunoon, Scotland (not surprising for her since she saw Craig wearing a tartan green Kilt) Nottingham was their home, The three men jointly have owned a small service station and garage since they graduated from university.

"Like the mix-races fat older men version of The Three Stooges, so odd companion, "the Thai girl thought.

But then she explained how she ended up at the bus stop where they picked her up. The men expressed shock and apologized. The expressions flowed from three fat gentlemen to her poor fate, and they felt malice to her ex-BF for being unfaithful to a smart and hard working girl like her.

After only covering a third the distance to Sheffield but the Thai girl and the three strangers were now bosom friends, they chatted and exchanged many stories merrily while driving. The men were kindly and friendly to her so much, and she was grateful for the job at Molty and Craig's station and Fatin's coffee shop that they had offered her. The jobs included the room behind Fatin's shop for living which made her feel these three fat gentlemen are the saints who come down from heaven to heal and give a great change to a lost poor soul like her.

The girl started thinking and felt that these friendly and gentle fat older men look so attractive, so merry and so strong. She eyed them in the lustful way, thinking if she would spread her legs and open her mouth for their cocks, that would should show them that she appreciated the kindly things they had offered to her.

As they were riding along, something popped up in her mind that she believed would enable her to break the ice enough for them to invite her to spread her legs. She wondered if the stories that she heard about Scottish men were true. She turned to Craig, who was drinking water from the plastic bottle in his hand.

"Is it true, what Scottish men not wear beneath their kilt?" The girl's question made Craig nearly choke on his water and his two companions were shocked as well.

"Not all. But for me I don't wear anything under the kilt. I hope that doesn't bother ye, lass," Craig said, a little bit nervous in the end.

"No, mister..... but I wonder ... Do you mind if I want to see it for real?" she said in the seductive tone and put her hand on his groin, making the fat Scottish man stunned.

"And if you and your friend want to know what a Thai girl wears under her shirt and trousers... I'm also glad to offer, also in gratitude of the kindly things you and your friends offered to me." The last sentence made Fatin as stunned as Craig and made Molty nearly lose control of the steering wheel.

"We admit you look beautiful and attractive, but we only offered you these things because you needed a job and we have what you need. We don't want to take advantage of you, ma'am," Molty said.

"Err.... If you want to do it for more money. If you have money problems, you can borrow from us and pay us back, mistress," Fatin said.

"And as you see.... we are... fat and old... You're young with a beautiful body that should rightfully be for some man who is young and handsome, not an unattractive old man like me," Craig said in a nervous tone.

"You're kindly and gentle and so attractive to me. You look so strong and are like the cuddly uncles. And looks like your friend is hard right now," she said looking at the bulge on Craig's kilt. His face had an incredulous expression.

"If that''s ye desire...Go ahead 'n check lass."

She reached a hand under his kilt and felt along his thick thigh. When her hand touched his thick penis she smiled. She wrapped her hand around and started to stroke it.

Craig smiled as she continued to work his manhood. Molty was watching with great interest.

"I can't believe that you are doing that" Molty said.

Nun raised Craig's kilt and looked at his thick cock. She squeezed it tightly and stroked it. Fatin turned in his seat and started to rub Nun's ass. He undid her jeans and pulled them down. He buried his face between her cheeks and started to tongue her pussy.

Nun laughed because his mustache tickled. He grabbed her hips and held her close as he licked. Molty looked in the rear view mirror at the oral orgy going on. She was sucking Craig's cock as he rubbed her head. In the mean time Fatin had his tongue buried in her fanny.

"Molty, pull over in the park. I want to dog." 

Molty pulled the car over to a small park and they all crawled out of the car. Craig leaned up against the car and lifted his kilt revealing a thick cock. Nun lifted her top off baring her small breasts. She took off her jeans and bent over and started to suck Craig's cock. He covered her head with the kilt.

Fatin stood behind Nun and lowered his trousers. He had a large brown cock with a shaved crotch. He started to fuck her from behind. His cock slid into her pussy. It wasn't as large as her ex's but it quite long and filled her nicely.

Molty stood next to Nun and began to fondle her breasts. Nun reached out a hand and started to stroke the fat British man's cock for him. She was so surprised to see that Molty was hung like a horse. She though how luck she was to have three nice older men (with rather large cocks) interested in her. Now she felt the ecstasy of three old sausages and their owners grunting in pleasure.

Nun couldn't see anything, but she felt her pussy contract. She was coming hard. She gasped, sucked and got fucked. 

"Oh, I'm cumming!" Craig moaned. His cock exploded with a lot of cum in her mouth as Fatin poured his thick cream in her pussy. She squeezed hard on Molty's cock and was rewarded with a hand full of his sticky cum.

They rested a few minutes and then the four of them piled back into to the car before someone could show up.

A few minutes later, although the air-conditioning was on, their faces still look so sweaty from the last orgy in the park. They were still chatting merrily while the Thai girl leaned herself against Craig's rotund body in the backseat.

"Thank you so much again, Nun. It has been so long since I felt pleasure like this. It makes me feel young again," Fatin turn to say to her with a smiling face.

"You too. That's the passion I never got before and your butterscotch is so delicious, Craig," she said and turned to kiss Craig's puffy cheek.

"I'm glad ye like it, lass," Craig said and kissed her back. She noticed the landscape on both sides of the road around them was woods.

"Hmm... Molty, can you park in the wood with me," she said and leaned forward to the front compartment.

"Want to pee, Nun?" he asked.

"No, Molty. I only feel it's not fair to you because you're the only one who has not cum inside me or in my mouth. I think we should make a little bit of time to take a stop to do that," she said in seductive tone while her hand drifted down to his crotch.

Molty smiled and said, "Yes, Nun. And I want to do what you said, if that's not too tiring for you."

"For you and your companions, I'm ready anytime," she said smiling. The three fat older men laughed merrily and then they turned into the forest and parked in the spot that hid them from the main road. She kissed Molty passionately while his Arab friend fondled her breasts and his Scottish friend fingered her wet pussy. Her hand was also jacking Molty's hard cock that was out of his trousers.

"I think I need more space... to take you from behind," Molty said after pausing to kiss Nun. She gave him a quick kiss and went back to her compartment to prepared herself. Molty crawed out of the car and opened the rear-right door. Nun crawled out of her compartment with her jeans removed, naked below her waist. She bent over by leaning her elbow on the rear seat. Molty dropped his trousers and pull his white shirt over his white hairy bulging stomach, guiding his dripping old cock to her asshole. He pushed the tip in her anus slowly, making her wail like she had just sunk into ice cold water.

"I'm not hurting you, Nun?" Molty asked in concern voice.

"No, Molty, please fuck my ass as hard as you need... ahhh," she said moaning when Molty pushed his full length British sausage in the Thai girl's anus, thrusting in and out of her while she panted and moaned. She was silenced suddenly by the Scot's hard meat. Fatin still fondled her breasts while with another hand he jacked himself.

The woods filled with the moaning of three older men and the slapping sound of Molty's girth and Nun's ass while he fucked her anus mercilessly and then exploded, filling her dark anus with a huge load of his seed. Molty panted while he hugged her waist and buried his shaft in her asshole.

"Swallow it, swallow it, lass!" Criag moaned while he shot another jet of "white butterscotch" to flood her cavity at the same time that Fatin came in his hand, some of the thick cream dripped down on her chin while she swallowed it all. She heard the "pop" sound when Molty pulled his cock out of her hole and she felt Molty's semen running down from her anus to her legs. Nun lifted her head with the smear of Craig's cum on her lips and gave a quick kiss to both Craig and Fatin.

"I never thought I could cum as much as these last two times and in half an hour," Molty said while panting.

"Me too, Molty. Are you alright, Nun?" Fatin asked Nun gently while handing her a tissue.

"I'm OK, Fatin," she said while mopping the cum around her mouth with Fatin's tissue. "That was so good. Glad I can make you cum as hard as that."

After recovering from that hot public orgy, they got dressed and continued their journey. It was surprising that Molty was not tired at all, managing to drive them the entire way to their destination.

That's night her destination was not Sheffield, but Molty and Craig's quarters behind their service station, although it did not look fabulous and wealthy, it's so warm and invited, the place that's she will start the new life now. They started another round of group sex again in Molty's comfy bedroom till they feel asleep.

When she woke up the next morning, the bed was empty, but when she put on the robe and walked out into the kitchen, the 3 fat gentlemen surprised her by a full set of British breakfast that they had prepared and waiting for her to wake up and join with them. They ate and chatted like family and lovers.

Nun's new life had begun in the new place, with a new job, and the fat older men who cared and loved her truly.