 "So what do you think?"

I wasn't really sure what to think. We'd just finished eating and my buddy Pete and I were standing at the kitchen counter fixing drinks. His wife, Sharon, and her friend Lisa had moved downstairs to the rec room in the basement, and Peter had just sprung the proposal on me.

It was quite the proposal, too. What it came down to was this: Pete had told his wife some time ago that given the chance, he'd like to fuck Lisa. Sharon, rather than be offended by the idea, turned it around on him: if he wanted to fuck Lisa, that was fine with her, on condition that, given the chance, she'd like to fuck me. Sharon then brought up the idea with Lisa, who was up for it, and the three of them planned this dinner party and invited me over.

"Well? Jake?"

What did I think? What could I? "Uh, yeah, sure, man."

Pete grinned and pushed a rum and Coke in my hand. "Right on, man. Let's go."

We walked into the living room. The girls were sitting together on the couch, flipping through a photo album from Pete and Sharon's last vacation. Pete walked up to the couch, set his drink on the coffee table, and sat next to Lisa. He took her face in his hand and kissed her. Lisa looked surprised at first but then warmed up to the kiss and turned her body towards Pete.

Sharon looked at them for a couple of seconds, looking surprised too, but then she turned and looked at me, her face breaking into a sly grin. 

"So does this mean your answer was yes?" she said.

"What do you think?" I said, squeezing onto the couch next to her. I leaned over and kissed her. Sharon's soft lips parted and her tongue darted out. We kissed for a few minutes, Sharon softly moaning into my mouth as I started rubbing my hand over her right breast, stroking the nipple through her shirt and bra, feeling it harden under my thumb as I pulled my mouth from hers and sucked on her earlobe. With one hand I undid a few buttons on her blouse then slipped my hand inside, feeling the warmth of her breast through the lacy black bra she was wearing. The bra's clasp was in front, and came open easily, as I slid my hand underneath the fabric and cupped her flesh. At the same time, Sharon's hand had moved down from rubbing my chest and was now rubbing my hard cock through my jeans.

On the other end of the couch, Pete had his face buried in Lisa's tits as she used both hands to drag his pants and underwear down over his ass, then grabbing his cock and starting to stroke it.

"You two don't waste any time," Sharon said. Lisa winked at her, then whispered something to Pete, who grinned from ear to ear. They both got up and headed for the bedroom

"See you kids later," Pete said as they walked by the couch, Lisa pulling him by the cock.

Sharon pulled off her blouse and bra, her big tits swinging free. "More room for us here, then," she whispered hoarsely as she pulled my T-shirt over my head and pushed me back onto the couch. She took off my sneakers and socks then pulled my belt open and yanked the zipper down on my jeans. I lifted my ass off the couch as she pulled them down my legs, leaving me lying there naked. She threw the pants into the middle of the room then turned and, grinning lustfully up at me, grabbed my cock in her hand, giving it a couple of jerks.

"I suppose I could have done that a bit more seductively," she said, lowering her head, "but really, why bother?" Leaning down, she stuck out her tongue and licked around the head of my hard cock before taking it into her mouth. "Mmmm," she moaned, "it looks like all the seduction's been taken care of already anyway."

I wasn't about to argue as she slowly worked her mouth down over my cock, taking more and more of it in, until she had all seven inches buried in her throat. Slowly, she came back up, looking me in the eyes as she started sucking me back in again.

I closed my eyes and moaned as she sucked my cock. I brought my hand down to her head and wrapped my fingers in her hair as she started a bobbing motion, her hand gently cradling my balls. Every now and then she'd let my cock pop out of her mouth and suck on my balls, taking in first one and then the other, before returning to my cock.

After a few minutes I could feel my orgasm building, so I pulled gently on her hair and lift her head off my cock. She looked up at me curiously as I sat up and reached for the button on her pants as my mouth found hers.

"You're a little over-dressed, don't you think?" I hissed as I undid her slacks. Sharon stood up and let them drop to the floor, stepping out of them. She wasn't wearing any panties. I reached around her and grabbed her ass, pulling her toward me. She put a foot up onto the couch, giving me access to her dark-haired bush. I wasted no time and she gasped as I sucked her clit into my mouth while I wormed the fingers of my right hand into her pussy from behind. She was soaked, her juices were dripping down the inside of her thighs.

Sharon pulled my head away from her crotch. "We'll have enough time for that later," she panted, her face flushed. "Right now I need you to fuck. Fuck me, Jake."

I got up and grabbed her hand. "Let's go see what the others are doing," I said, pulling her toward the bedroom down the hall.

Pete and Lisa were sprawled diagonally across the bed in a 69, Pete on his back craning his neck up to suck on Lisa's clit while her head was bobbing furiously up and down, her right hand jacking up and down his cock.

"Move over, guys," I said. They both looked over and smiled. "Make some room for the others, will ya?"

They moved over to one side of the bed and returned to their sucking as Sharon climbed onto the mattress, rolled onto her back and spread her legs back.

"Right now, Jake," she hissed, "I need it right now." I climbed between her legs and moved into position. I took my cock in my hand and rubbed it up and down her slit, teasing her with it, poking the head just inside her opening. 

"Come o-o-on, Jake," she moaned. Pushing forward, I fed my cock into her slowly, until I was buried into her to the hilt. Sharon let out a loud moan and stretched her arms up above her head as I started pumping in and out of her, holding her legs on my forearms.

"O-o-o-oh, yeah!" she said. "Fuck me hard, Jake! Just drive it! I'm gonna cum, I'm already so close, I'm so close just from sucking your cock."

A few inches away on the mattress, Pete and Lisa had changed positions, and now Lisa was on her hands and knees as Pete fucked her doggy-style. He was fucking her hard, squeezing the cheeks of her ass, making her tits swing around wildly.

"Ohh!" Lisa moaned. She leaned over and lowered her face toward Sharon's. "Did you suck his cock, Shar?" She leaned down until her lips met Sharon's and they kissed, tenderly at first, then more passionately, moaning into each other's mouths as Pete and I continued our assaults on their pussies. Putting her weight on one elbow, Lisa's other hand crawled over Sharon's stomach until she reached her thick bush, her fingers finding Sharon's clit. 

"Oh! Oh!" Sharon moaned, pulling her face from Lisa's. "Oh my god, oh, I'm cumming! Oh Jake, fuck me harder!" Leaning forward and putting my weight on my arms, I fucked my cock in and out of Sharon's tight pussy faster. As I felt her cunt started to tighten, my own orgasm rose up from my balls and with a grunt I shot into her, just as her eyes rolled back into her head, her mouth gaping. I kept pumping through my orgasm as, just a foot away, Pete pulled out of Lisa and with a groan, he jacked his cock, squirting his cum onto her back and ass.

I collapsed on top of Sharon, my cock still inside her, as she wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck, pulling me close against her. Pete sat back on the bed as Lisa fell flat onto her stomach, her back and ass cheeks glistening with Pete's cum. 

I kissed Sharon deeply and she giggled. 

"You never answered my question, Jake," she said, looking up at me. "So does this mean your answer was yes?"