 I was in BrisVegas at the Caxton seafood festival one Sunday a few years back and a builder mate who knows the owner of Casablancas showed me this partially renovated building next door that they own and are looking to sell off an interest in. They were wanting to build a new bar/pub/nightclub. 

Upstairs was all exposed old beams, tin roof - rusty, old furniture and the dirty, old style windows of an 18th century building in an advanced state of dilapidation and partial rebuilding. Through the grime on the windows, which ran to the newly installed upper floor, you could dimly view the street and activity there, while the participants were unaware of your observation. One window at my chest height above the floor was broken and through the shattered glass you could see the festival over the rusty roof of the neighbouring building, the sound of the band loud even up there. 

In other words, the space was erotic as hell. 

I was walking around the space with it's odd collection of old furniture trying to talk about syndicating some investors when I was thinking about taking some very sexy black and white photos of a semi clad and nude female form engaging in some self stimulation, or ideally said model in some mutual stimulation with a partner, of either sex.

So once in this frame of mind, and with one or 2 beers under my belt, I told my wife (lets call her Ro) I had to show her something. I dragged her and a bottle of wine upstairs and once we were up there I think she knew what I had in mind. Ro is a very fit 31 years old, 5'5" blue-eyed Brunette with a tight arse, sensational $10,000 full, firm, thrusting c cup tits with fantastic erect nipples and a dirty mind. Her face is perfectly proportioned and a little reminiscent of Jane Seymour, but with a mischievous cast that always makes you wonder what naughtiness she is contemplating. She is always tanned and keeps her pussy totally shaved except for a little strip above her smooth, bare lips. 

While she was looking out the broken window I started kissing her neck lightly while I stroked her breasts through her tight, stretchy midriff top and then slid a hand up inside to feel her soft skin and delicate lace bra. She turned her head to kiss me and I pulled the cups down over her breasts so I could feel her rapidly hardening nipples. While she pressed her light denim covered ass back against my erection I slid her top off over her head and unclasped her bra. She drops the bra and I have free rein over her naked skin, cupping, caressing and squeezing her full breasts while I was kissing her neck and slowly rolling her nipples which were as hard as hell now. 

So she is leaning there topless with one hand on either side of the window and I slowly undo her jeans, slide a hand inside and feel how wet and slippery she is already. She is gently letting her nipples brush and press into the rough brickwork, enjoying the coolness and texture. My finger slides past her wet lips and up inside her while she moans and her hips begin to grind. I slide her pants down her legs, taking her g-string with them. She steps out of them and there she is, naked but for a pair of strappy shoes, pubes shaved to a neat little strip and lips bare, wet and glistening as I slide a hand up her thigh and slowly insert 2 fingers pushing them up into her deeply while I kiss and nibble her ass. She slid her feet apart a bit and leaned her bare tits into the rough brick, letting it stimulate her sensitive, hard nipples as I slid my fingers in and out of her clasping, slippery pussy, which was getting wetter and warmer as she groaned and shut her eyes, concentrating on the feelings my hand and the cool bricks were evoking. 

I stood up and she turned around and leaned back against the wall as I kissed down the front of her body, sucking her nipples as I slowly fingered her until I got to her inner thighs, kneeling in front of her and then slowly slid a finger into her while my tongue explored her wet folds. She was playing with her breasts with one hand and had the other in my hair. I made her come like that, sucking her clit and fingering her as the sound of the band and a warm breeze washed in the window and mingled with her passionate cries, gasps and moans. 

When she was slightly recovered, she pushed me back onto a dusty old couch, savagely pulled off my clothes and knelt between my thighs to take my throbbing cock into her wet and talented mouth. Ro loves sucking cock, and she matches her enthusiasm with significant skill. I laid back and enjoyed the site of her pretty face and red lips wrapped around my shaft, her blue eyes on my face and her perfect tits bobbing and swaying. When I thought I was getting a little too aroused I pulled her up, told her to lie on the floor near one of the old floor to ceiling windows and masturbate. She loves touching herself, and I love watching her do it. The dirty, smeared windows let a filtered light in to highlight her toned physique. 

So she walks over to the window, tight, bare little ass wobbling tautly and stands in front of the windows with her back to me and feet apart. "I can see out," she says as she leans one hand beside the window frame. "I wonder if anyone can see in." Her other hand slips down her body and I watch her fingers slide between her legs and caress her smoothly shave pussy lips slowly, before her middle finger slips inside as she sighs. "I hope so. I hope they can see me." 

I watch her hips move as her finger slowly slips in and out of her increasingly wet pussy. Then she turned around and with feet slightly apart cupped one breast, squeezing it and pulling on the rock hard nipple while she fingered herself with the other hand, her hips thrust forward so I could see it moving in and out. 

"God, I'm so hot and wet. I love you watching me touch myself. Watch me make myself come." She dropped to her knees, still facing me and leaned back on one hand to arch her chest upward, her thighs apart as she fingered her pussy more quickly, and started to rub her clit. Her body was as taut as a bow and she started sighing and moaning as her fingers rubbed her pussy. Her tits were wobbling tautly and her hard nipples pointed at the ceiling as she started to pant and grind her hips. My view was up along her body as she continued to finger herself and rub her clit, getting more vocal and aroused. Then she lay down on her back in the dust, side on to me, right in front of the old grime covered window. The light is diffused as it falls over her naked form but you can see movement and colour on the street below as her hands begin to roam over her body, her legs falling wide apart and her fingers tracing her lips then slipping past them. She really got into it and was rolling around, getting into different positions at my direction and her initiative to offer me different views of her body, fingering herself, rubbing her clit, pinching her nipples and when she came it was pretty spectacular and noisy. She was lying on her front, one hand around behind her fingering her pussy with 2 fingers as she lay half twisted, one knee pulled up, the other hand down along her front rubbing her clit as her breasts pressed into the dusty old timber floor, her cheek on the floor too, eyes closed, mouth open, arse thrust up and wailing. The fact that I could see people walking around on the street under the window as I looked over her naked, writhing body was a real turn on too. 

So by this time I was pretty right to go and told her I couldn't wait any longer to fuck her. I was about 10 feet away sitting on the couch and she got onto hands and knees with her ass to me and just said "So come and fuck me."

I did of course and it was pretty wild. I had had a few beers so the gentleman known as Marathon Man was "visiting". I fucked her from behind on the floor right there in front of the dirty old window and when my knees got sore I flipped her on top and she rode me to a thrashy, noisy orgasm. I fucked her on the couch with her legs over my shoulders and then I bent her over an old table, stood behind her and fucked her from behind, face down, her sweaty body slipping across it's slightly cracked vinyl surface, her tits pressed outward by the weight of her body as she hung on to the edge to steady herself. The site of my throbbing shaft piercing her pussy lips as I lightly thumbed her puckered arse was fantastic. I turned her over and fucked her on the table face up while pouring cold wine over her tits and licking it off her bullet hard nipples. I fucked her through a number of screaming orgasms and her verbal encouragement was imaginative and blue. 

While she was lying on her back on the table with her legs spread, rubbing her clit and pinching her nipples as my cock slid in and out of her tight, wet cunt, my motion causing her tits to wobble back and forth, I looked up for a second and saw that where the table was had a clear line of site through a side, not quite so dirty window to an office window in the second floor of the Gambaro's building across the street, and an attentive face was watching us with some interest. I told her, without pausing in my rhythm, that we had a fan and she tilted her head further back to look, then gasped "Let him look," so we kept fucking that way for a little while, ignoring our voyeur but getting more worked up because of it. 

Ro really loved the idea someone was watching. I asked her if our perving friend turned her on and she grunted assent. I told her he was probably masturbating as he looked at her naked body and watched her touch herself. She started pulling harder on her nipples. I said he would be stroking his cock watching her get fucked, and she got more worked up. I told her he would probably love to come across the street and stick his cock in her mouth while I fucked her, to see her taking it at both ends, and she went off. While she grunted and cried out, starting to come, screaming and gasping (thank God the band was REALLY loud outside) I told her he would be thinking about fucking her himself, that he would be imagining it was his cock buried in her, pumping in and out of her wet pussy, feeling her slippery heat gripping his shaft and watching it slide in and out. I told her he would want to come all over her tits and face. She really went for it. When I finally came she was on the table on her back, gripping the edge to stop from slipping off, while I hung on to her hips and fucked her like there was no tomorrow, the oblivious crowd below and our voyeur watch avidly through the window across the street, her body writhing, covered in sweet sweat, wine and dust and on the end of my dick. She was screaming, telling me she couldn't, begging me to do something, but never getting past "please" and orgasming again. 

I was about to come as well when she gasps "Come in my mouth – come on my tits like that guy wants to," and drops in front of me and starts deep throating me with enough suction to make me weak at the already exhausted knees. The sight of her nude body squatting in front of me and sucking cock so hungrily, together with the feel of her wet, warm mouth was too much and I exploded as she wanked me with fast hard strokes, making my come spurt onto her face and then on her tits, spurt after spurt. I don't think I ever came so hard in my life, and watching it fly out all over her body as she squatted bare naked in front of me on the dusty, unfinished floor in the semi constructed old building was hot. She started sucking the last drops from me, then gripping the shaft of my still throbbing cock she rubbed and smeared it over her come streaked face and tits, licking it and moaning while she fingered herself and stroked me and rubbed my cock over herself and herself over my cock, smearing the white come around with this amazing abandon. It was so unexpected, the way she rubbed my cock into the come on her lips, face and body, around her rock hard, come coated nipples, over her come smeared cheeks, back down her throat, while she rubbed my juice into her tits with a free hand, wiped clinging dollops of come from her cheek with her fingers then licked it off and sucked them clean and massaged her clit again pushing 2 fingers into her dripping pussy, getting worked up all over again. 

I didn't start to soften and thinking "what the hell?", pushed her on her back and started fucking her tits which were so slippery, getting turned on at the thought of coming all over her again. It was hard to get the stimulation I needed like that so I moved her into the center of the room (where the guy across the road could see us, and he was still keeping a keen eye out) and put her legs over my shoulders and she just went off in that position while I fucked her there on the floor with just a couch cushion under her. I told her our friend was watching again and she grunted out "Can you tell if he's wanking" 

I checked and although he was a ways off and I could only see him from the chest up his right arm was very busy. I said "He is going for it babe." 

She said, "I want to see," so I spun the cushion around 90 degrees so the window was to our side. What followed showed how into the fantasy she had gone. She turned her head, spotted him and grunted, and as if speaking to him went into the hottest monolog I had ever heard: 

"You like watching me get fucked do you? Like a live porno hey. I bet you wish it was your cock in me right now. Can you see my pussy getting fucked?" (Spreads her legs wide and rubs her clit with one hand while pinching and pulling on her nipple with the other.) 

"Would you like to come over here and fuck me too?" (Stretches hands over head, arches back, looking straight at him) 

"Wanna kneel over me with your dick in my mouth, feel me suck your balls, watch my tongue lick your nob and my mouth swallow and suck you? Want to fuck my mouth and watch his cock sliding into my wet, slippery pussy while I squeeze my tits? Watch my naked body take both your cocks while I moan and writhe like a slut?" (She's getting more and more worked up) 

"Do you wanna fuck me from behind while I suck his cock? Bury that thing in my cunt and feel me squeeze it, feel my hot slippery cunt grip your cock while you fuck me! Watch your cock spreading my pussy and push up into my tight slippery cunt as you bury it in me, see it slide up into me, fucking PENETRATING me?! Do you want to hear me beg you to fuck me harder? Watch my body getting banged while you two fuck me faster and harder, tits wobbling, ass shakin', oh fuck yeah, hearing you slapping against me while you fuck me faster and make me scream. Do you want to listen to me slurping on his cock? Should I talk dirty? Would that turn you on? 

As if he was right there doing it she says 'Oh yeah, fuck me harder, your cock feels so good, deeper, fuck me like a slut, I wanna feel your come spurting inside my cunt, come in me. I wanna feel that big throbbing cock blow your load in my cunt'. 

"Do you want to come inside me? Do you want to grind that cock right up inside me and pump your hot come deep in my cunt, or maybe, I bet you want to come ON me, see your come spraying my face and tits, watch me lick your come off my lips."

She asks me to fuck her from behind and kneels facing the guy. As I hang on to her hips and fuck her hard she looks straight at him and plays with her tits with one hand while she talks to him, "Would you like to fuck me from behind like this so you can see your cock inside me, or maybe get in front of me so I can suck your cock. Can you read my lips? Come over here now and I will suck your cock and let you fuck me anyway you want." 

She starts fingering her ass and continues "Want to fuck me in the ass too? That's ok. I love having my arse fucked. You can blow your load deep in my tight ass if you want. It's all slippery from my juice. Push your throbbing cock in there, fuck me in the ass and come inside me. I love it in the ass, it feels so fucking good, do you want to do that? Come on, I'm serious. Get over here now so I can get it from both ends like a slut. Read my lips stud, get over here and put that cock inside me. One chance only. I want to get fucked like a slut from both ends and you're Johnny on the spot. I want two cocks spraying come on me, 2 cocks inside me." 

"He can't lip read," I told her. "If you really want a 3 way, you better wave him over." She asked my breathlessly if I was serious. 

When I told her I was, she groaned "Oh yeah," and, pressing back on me and raising her body up, cupped one breast and as she squeezed her nipple she looked straight at him and with the other hand motioned him that he should come over. He pointed at her and she nodded and motioned again. 

The guy across the street saw his chance and we watched him hurry to the door, buckling his pants as he races to fulfil Ro's invitation. She spun off me and started slowly licking and sucking my cock, with her arse pointing to the stairs he is going to come up. "You really want this?" I ask. She stops sucking me and as I stand up she looks at me and says "Just this once, the wine, the music, this setting, the sex, I may never even want to again, but right now it's turning me on like I can't believe. You sure you're cool?" I nod, "Yeah, same reasons. The thought of watching you getting fucked like a slut is turning me on and I never thought it would. Look at me, I'm hard as a rock. And I was. My cock was twitching and swollen. Ro soaked the festival t-shirt she had bought in water from the old basin and wiped her body off, her skin raising goosebumps at the cold wetness and her nipples contracting further. She looked so hot standing there, naked in the unfinished mess of the old building come construction site, squeezing cold water over her bare skin and wiping her body clean. I was so turned on by what was about to happen. 

Ro was stroking my cock, telling me how she doesn't know if she wants us to come inside her or on her when the guy walked up the stairs and into the room. He was panting lightly and smiling as he saw us. "Ok," he said, "lets get it on!"

Ro turned, gloriously nude, and walked over to him, tits bouncing, ass wobbling tautly. "Oh fuck yeah," he said, "you're even hotter up close," while he pulled his shirt off, she dropped his pants and released his throbbing cock. His hands went to her hair, guiding her mouth as she licked, sucked and swallowed his rigid shaft and throbbing head as he moaned his appreciation. Without saying anything further she pulled him to his knees, dropped to hands and knees and started sucking and licking him as I slipped into her from behind again. 

He looked at me and said, "You're so lucky man, thanks." 

I just smiled and asked Ro "How does it feel babe, 2 hard cocks." 

She was too busy moaning and sucking to answer me. As she was getting more excited she stopped sucking him, slipped off me, pushed him on his back and started rubbing her tits and nipples over his cock while she looked at me and said, "Time to watch a while babe." I sat on the couch and they went at it in profile to me, almost at my feet. She slowly licked and sucked his cock until he pulled her around into a 69. I watched his tongue slip inside her, lick along her lips and as he sucked her clit she repeatedly deep throated him with noisy slurping suction, moaning and groaning the whole time as she knelt over him, grinding her hips onto his face. 

She took her mouth off his cock long enough to scream "Oh FUCK!" and come again, panting, crying out and moaning, as she wanked him rapidly, her hand flying up and down his shaft. 

His hips started to pump upward and he cried out "I'm gonna come!" so she started sucking again, drawing him into her mouth. 

Then resumed wanking him as she said, "Do it, come on my tits!" He gasped one last time and then cried out gutturally, his mouth centimetres from her pussy lips, as she directed a hot, powerful stream of jism onto her chest, spurt after spurt, then rubbed her tits across his throbbing cock in abandon, smearing his come over her skin. 
