 As a black man dressed in dark clothes, Jerome was nearly invisible as he slinked around in the darkness outside of the palatial farmhouse estate. The nearest neighbor was miles away, there were no lights on outside. It was the perfect place to slink around peering into windows, if that was your kind of thing. So far the house had been perfect for peeping, the only downside was there wasn't much to see. But all that changed as Jerome came to a window near the back of the house. There was a lot to see.

The lot to see was a young, blonde, half dressed girl cavorting around in her bedroom. Jerome nearly had a heart attack looking in the window, she was gorgeous, built like a brick house and dressed like a Victoria's Secret Model. He could feel his eyes expanding in his head as he watched her prancing around her room, wearing a silky robe over a lacy bra and panties set that finished high on a pair or incredible legs that inexplicably terminated into some cowboy boots. He had never thought of cowboy boots being sexy, but she was changing his view of cowboy boots. 

As he ogled her through the window, he scanned the room and saw that there was another window, perhaps with a better vantage point, facing the back of the house. He ducked down and crawled along the side of the house to the back porch, and then carefully eased up to where he could look into the window. He was right, the view was better, he was just five feet away from her, she was close enough to reach out and touch...

Just then he heard a rustling noise and he froze in place. He slowly moved his head around to where he could see the source of the noise, and when his eyes became accustomed to the shadows, he became paralyzed with intense fear. Standing and looking at him, just a few feet away, were two very large, very mean looking dogs, gazing at him with very intense eyes, eyes that appeared to be establishing his nutritional value should they decide to eat him whole.

Jerome had an intense fear of dogs, and frequently had nightmares of dogs eating him alive. With a shudder he couldn't suppress, he realized that his worst nightmare was coming to fruition. All he could bring himself to do was close his eyes and prepare to be ripped apart.

So he sat there, crouched over, eyes closed, counting the seconds before his bloody death, but the seconds ticked by. There was no biting, or chewing, or eating, just a deathly silence. After a long, breathless wait he dared to open his eyes again. 

When his eyes came open enough to see, he could see that the dogs were still there, side by side, looking at him. They still looked ready to spring on him, so he didn't dare move a muscle. Then, one of the dogs yawned. The second dog looked at the first dog and he yawned too. Then they sat down and rolled over on the porch, utterly uninterested in the man who was an obvious threat to the safety of the house.

Jerome couldn't believe his luck. He let out a long, slow breath, and even allowed himself a relieved smile. He had lucked into the worst guard dogs in history. He was just turning his attention back to the window when he heard a thud sound, the kind of sound a piece of wood makes when it comes in contact with a skull. About the time he had processed the sound, he realized that he had not only heard it, he had felt it. It was his skull, and he watched the ground moving toward his face. As he face hit the ground and he became aware that he was losing consciousness he heard a voice from behind him, a crotchety old man voice. 

"You dogs ain't worth a good gol dang since I cut your balls off," the voice said. That was the last words he heard before he slipped into unconsciousness.

 When his consciousness returned, Jerome found himself tied to a chair, in the middle of a dimly lit room. Standing in front of him was the beautiful girl he had seen though the window. She was looking at him curiously, almost like she was measuring him up. She was covered from her neck to her cowboy boots in an extremely unflattering flannel nightgown.

Over to the side was a scrawny old man dressed in overalls and a cowboy hat. He was dirty and unshaven, with deep wrinkle lines on his face and hard, black eyes. He did not look very happy, and Jerome noted with dismay that he was whittling a stick with a knife the size of his forearm.

"Bout time you woke up boy," he said stiffly. "I's thinking you might be dead already."

The word "already" sent a chill down Jerome's spine. He quickly assessed his situation, and it was not good. 

"Listen, I don't want any trouble," he stammered. "If you'll just let me go, I'll leave here and never come back. We can just call it a misunderstanding."

"A misunderstanding," the old man said, scratching his chin with the blade of the knife. "Well I guess ya got a point there, we'll just cut you loose then."

Jerome let out a long slow breath as he contemplated the idea that he might be set free. The old man hadn't really moved from his chair though, and no one said anything for a few moments.

"You're really going to just let me go?" Jerome finally stammered, half begging.

"HELL no we ain't lettin' you go, ya window peeping scalawag," he hollered.

Jerome hung his head and mentally prepared for the worst. He was starting to think he deserved it, peering in on such an innocent young lady. He gave the old man a look pleading for mercy, and then he turned and looked back at the girl. For some reason he noticed that she had unbuttoned a few buttons on the nightgown.

"Please don't kill me," Jerome stammered out. 

The words seem to fall on deaf ears, and the room was silent for a moment. The girl was the first to speak up.

"My goodness it's hot in here," she said, and before Jerome could process the words she had unbuttoned a few more buttons off the nightgown and then shrugged it off her shoulders and let if fall to the floor. Underneath, she had on a lacy, white silk robe, a pair of very short jean cutoffs, and cowboy boots.

Jerome could not help but stare in disbelief.

"Daisy, what are you doin'," the old man said sternly. "And what are you lookin' at boy?"

Jerome closed his eyes and starting thinking some really bad thoughts, mostly of him being pummeled to death.

But before those awful thoughts could come to a fruition, the girl walked over to stand in front of his chair.

"Daddy, maybe I should check him, make sure he ain't wearin' a wire," she said. "Maybe I should, um, take this shirt off him."

The way she said it gave Jerome enough pause to hesitate his negative thoughts and look up at her. She had a curious, mischievous smile on her face.

"Now Daisy, I don't think ya oughta being doin' somethin' like that," the old man said. 

But Daisy had already reached down and unbuttoned the top button on Jerome's shirt, and was peeking down his shirt. "I'm just gonna take a quick look, Daddy."

Before Jerome could react, Daisy had sat down on his knee and starting unbuttoning his shirt. Jerome could feel the sweat popping off his forehead as he glanced out of the corner of his eye over at the old man, who appeared to be getting a bit red in the face as he whittled hard on the stick. Jerome couldn't help but imagine the phallic nature of the stick he was cutting on, and it made his groin suffer sympathy pains.

Daisy got down to the second to the last button on his shirt and slowly pulled the tails of the shirt out of his pants. She pulled the last button free and pushed the shirt back off his chest. Then she stood back and took a few moments to show both Jerome and her Daddy that she was quite impressed with Jerome's dark, muscular torso.

"My oh my," she swooned, "how did you evah get such an impressive, taut physique?"

Jerome gulped and sweated some more bullets. "Ah, I just run a lot I reckon," he stammered.

"Humph," growled the old man. "You USED to run a lot."

Jerome was still letting that statement settle in when Daisy piped back up.

"Do you think I'm pretty?" she said, as she stood back from him and struck a model pose.

Jerome looked over at Daddy, and then looked over at Daisy, and then looked back at Daddy again. He had no idea what the right answer was. "Uh, yes ma'am?" he half asked.

Jerome grimaced as the old man hacked off the end of the stick with his knife. He was starting to wonder if this was a bad dream he was getting ready to wake up from. He wished he could pinch himself, but he was tied tight to the chair.

Daisy walked over a bit closer to him and she let the robe fall slightly open, showcasing a lacy pink bra underneath. "So do ya think I'm sexy?" she said with a sultry voice.

This time Jerome didn't hesitate. "NO MA'AM. No, no no."

Daisy pouted as she closed her robe back and turned away.

"NO? What the hell is wrong with you boy?" yelled the old man. "You some kind of blind peeping tom?"

Jerome immediately became even more flustered, stammering something about how he was clearly mistaken, that Daisy was indeed sexy.

"Wait, are you trying to say my Daisy is sexy, right 'chere in front of me in my own home?"

Jerome spent a few moments trying to nod his head both yes and no before he finally gave up and hung his head. "I don't know, mister," he said.

Daisy rescued him from the fire, on her way to throwing gasoline on it. "Daddy, I think I'd better take those pants offa him and make sure he ain't got no wire on underneath there," she said.

"Now Daisy, I don't think you oughta be doin' that," he said. Jerome couldn't help but think that he sounded like a man who often told her what not to do while she continued to do it.

She walked slowly over to him and got down on her knees in front of him and with a sly grin that only he could see, she unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down to below his knees. Jerome's eyes got nearly as big as his mouth was hanging open. Daisy didn't get up, poised on her knees with her arms resting on his thighs, looking him up and down and paying a considerable amount of viewing time on his crotch.

"Do you see anything?" hollered the old man.

Daisy looked over at him confused. "See anything like what?" she asked.

"Like a wire," he said, irritated.

She looked at him blankly for a minute, letting that sink in, before she laughed and replied. "Not yet Daddy."

Despite the fact that in all likelihood he was going to have his balls cut off on his way to a horrible, untimely death, Jerome could not overlook the fact that he was down to his boxers with a very hot, very sexy, half dressed young girl with her hands on his thighs, looking him over like something she was looking forward to doing something very naughty with. Not only could he not notice her, his cock also couldn't not notice her, and much to his horror he began to get an erection. He speculated that the old man probably wouldn't notice, but Daisy certainly would notice the wood, and sure enough, she caught his eye and winked at him after she saw the outline of his cock in his boxer shorts. She stood up and walked across the room toward the old man.

"Daddy, do you reckon' that its true what they say about black men?" she said.

"Now Daisy, that is just about enough girl," he yelled. "Whoever told you that black men had big cocks anyhow."

Daisy stopped and feigned surprise. "Big cocks?" she said. "I was just wondering if it was true that black men prefer boxers to briefs."

The old man got flustered again and went to cutting on the stick again, as Daisy gave Jerome another wink. 

"Well now you got me wonderin' if he's got a big cock," she said, looking at him seductively. 

"Now Daisy..." he started.

"Can I look at it Daddy, please," she wailed. "Please, I just wanna look at it real quick," she said. 

"Daisy I just don't think that's a very good idea...," he started.

But Daisy had already walked back over and got down on her knees in front of Jerome, whose mouth had now fallen open large enough to accommodate a good sized apple. 

 She had her hands on his boxers before he could react, not that he could've done anything, and in a flash they were down to his ankles and he was sitting buck naked in front of Daisy, who was looking at his crotch with wide, adoring eyes. 

"Oh my," she said, her eyes glued to his cock. "My, my, my, my, my."

While Jerome had managed to maintain a semi aroused state, being naked in front of a hot girl who was visually and vocally admiring his cock was pushing him into full arousal, despite the sounds of the old man urgently whittling the stick.

Daisy smiled and blushed a little as her finger came up and played with her half open mouth, as she examined his cock, and her silk robe fell all the way open to show off the lacy pink bra that was straining to hold in her ample breasts. 

"Daddy," she said with a faraway voice.

"Yes Daisy?" 

"Can I touch it?"

Jerome felt his heart fall out of his chest and bounce along the floor as he heard the words and saw the angry grimace from the old man.

"Now, Daisy, you know you ought not be doin' that," he said sternly.

Jerome could only nod in agreement with the old man, his voice was lost.

But Daisy, mesmerized by Jerome's big black cock, wasn't listening. She slowly moved her index finger until she touched him lightly about halfway up his cock. Despite the fact that Jerome anticipated that this activity was going to make it all the more likely that his balls would be cut off, he couldn't help himself. His cock jumped and became stiffer, growing larger still. Much to the delight of Daisy, who cooed and touched him with two fingers, then three, and then began to run her index finger up and down the length of his cock. She ran her fingers down to his soon-to-be-gone balls and raised them up slightly, openly appreciating the size and weight.

Her finger traced back up to the tip of his cock, and she swirled her finger elegantly around it, picking up some moisture at the tip and spreading the fluid around the tip of his cock. Then she brought her finger to her mouth, and slipped her finger into her mouth.

Jerome's mouth was now hanging open enough to fit a small cantaloupe.

 "Daddy, I don't think he is wearing a wire," she said, not taking her eyes off his cock.

The old man made a noise that may have been a grunt, but Jerome was too horrified to look over at him. Daisy moved forward on her knees and put both hands on his cock, and began to rub and stroke his cock with her face poised just inches away from him. Jerome had never in his life been so aroused, and never in his life had he been so terrified. Ironically it was at the same time, and his heart was exploding in his chest as a result.

Meanwhile, as Daisy lovingly stroked his stiffening manhood, her face continued to drift closer, until he could feel her warm breath on his cock. 

"Daddy, is it ok if I take a taste?" she said seductively, never taking her eyes off Jerome's cock.

"Now Daisy, look hear, you just need to keep your little mouth clear of that thing," the old man stammered. 

Jerome could feel his own head moving, but he wasn't even sure if he was nodding yes or no, and he wasn't even sure which way he wanted to go. At the end of the day, if he was going to have his balls cut off and be stabbed to death and buried in the back yard, the best thing that could happen to him right before that would be to have Daisy wrapping her lips around his cock.

Daisy once again ignored the old man, leaning in with her luscious lips to softly kiss one side of his cock, then the other, then moving up to run her lips back and forth across the tip. Then she slipped her tongue out and got a taste of him, then she was running her tongue up and down the sides and the front and then she moaned deeply and just took his whole cock into her warm mouth.

Jerome's mouth was now open enough to fit a small watermelon.

 Daisy had some impressive oral skills, leaving Jerome in the position of being in utter ecstasy but desperately trying to hide it. He wanted to moan and thrust his cock into her mouth, but he could still hear the old man loudly whittling the stick.

"Oh he tastes sooooo good Daddy," she said, taking her mouth off him for a moment, but leaving a long string of saliva connecting her mouth to his cock. Her hands were massaging her breasts through the silky lace of her bra as she licked her lips and moved back in for more. The licking and sucking had become noisy, and it was becoming apparent to Jerome that she was showing off for the old man. Jerome was getting close to losing his load into her mouth when she suddenly stopped and rose from her knees to stand in front of him.

"I wanna fuck him Daddy," she said seductively, her hands coming to the front of her short cut off jeans. She unbuttoned her jeans and zipped them down, and then hesitated and looked over at the old man. "Can I fuck him?"

Jerome was now in agony. On the one hand, was this gorgeous, smoking hot babe getting ready to fuck his brains out. On the other hand, he was acutely aware that everything that was happening was going to make it worse for him in the end. On the third hand he was thinking it was pretty fucked up that this girl was doing this in front of the old man. Somewhere in the distance he could hear the old man mumbling about how she ought not to do that.

Daisy turned to the side and hooked her thumbs into the belt line of her open shorts. Slowly she bent forward has she pushed the shorts down her long, toned legs. When they reached her cowboy boots she lifted up one leg and then she turned to face a horrified, aroused Jerome. With a quick flip of her foot she sent the tiny jean shorts right into his face, where they landed and somehow stayed for a moment before falling away.

Jerome was afraid to look but unable to turn away as he looked at the vision in front of him, dressed only in boots and the lacy pink bra. She was neatly trimmed and glistening wet, and in spite of his predicament, Jerome's mouth watered at the thought of what was coming next.

Daisy sauntered over to him and climbed onto his lap, and before he could think she had slid down on to his cock. She gasped loudly as she took him in, and then she immediately began bucking her hips on him.

Turns out, Daisy was not so innocent.

Jerome had been with some wild women in his life, but he had never been a part of anything like this. She was like some kind of wild animal, thrashing around on top of him with reckless abandon, moaning and screaming in between wild demands to fuck her harder. He was pretty sure she came immediately, then again a few minutes later, then several more times while he was trying to avoid getting injured. Then she turned around and sat in his lap, and Jerome was treated to the sight of her beautiful ass twerking away on his cock. He didn't want to come because he had kinda figured this was the last time he was ever going to have sex, but it was just too much. He felt himself building to a powerful orgasm and he momentarily forget where he was. 

"Fuck yeah," he yelled, and bowed up his groin as far as he could with the restraints. He moaned and closed his eyes and shot his load up into her as she collapsed back onto him. 

His eyes were still closed as he slowly regained his senses, and with a shudder he came back to his current predicament. He opened one eye to look over to see if the old man was still there. Sure enough, he was, looking pretty angry.

"Ok, Daisy, play time is over now," he grumbled.

Daisy climbed off of Jerome and stood there in front of the two men, fully glowing with that just fucked look. "Ah Daddy, is play time really over?" she said. "I bet I can get him hard again in no time."

Jerome nodded in agreement, realizing that his best case scenario at this point was to delay. If nothing else, maybe he could have one more last romp before dying.
