 "Seriously, guys, it's getting like the final days of the Roman Empire in here," said Jen, stepping into the motorhome, seemingly unfazed by the sight that had greeted her as she walked in. 

Spread naked across the table was Kate, a stunning redhead who we'd only met an hour ago and who had turned out to have been my girlfriend, Amy's, ex-girfriend. Amy was sat on the bench behind Kate's head, watching my cum run down the redhead's large breasts to form a river in her cleavage. I was standing between Kate's legs, still gripping my deflating cock, and uncertain what to say as Jen walked confidently towards me.

Ste, Jen's boyfriend, stood uncertainly holding onto the door, his eyes fixed on the beautiful girl on the table. No one seemed to know what to do next. Except for Jen.

She stopped in front of me and dropped to her knees, then took my now flaccid cock in her mouth and began to suck it.

"Jesus, Jen!" said Ste. "What the fuck are you doing?"

Clearly, even though we'd all enjoyed a foursome the night before, Ste still wasn't too happy about his girlfriend sucking my cock. If I was honest I could see his point. But Jen showed no signs of stopping, and my cock was now nearly up to its full nine inches.

Fortunately, Amy knew how to distract him. 

"Come on Ste," she pouted at him. "Don't be a spoilsport."

She reached forward and started rubbing my cum around Kate's erect pink nipples, while looking straight at Ste. He glanced over once more at Jen who was running her tongue up the underside of my shaft and then walked over to the other two girls. 

I was glad he made that decision.

While Jen reached to pull my asscheeks forwards, pushing my cock down her throat, Amy and Kate unbuckled Ste's jeans. His cock sprang out and my beautiful blonde girlfriend captured it between her lips. Kate seemed totally unfazed by this turn of events and started licking his balls while rubbing her dripping wet pussy. 

I thought Jen might have been bothered by this girl, who had completely blanked her when they first met just an hour ago, tonguing her boyfriend's balls, but she seemed completely focussed on getting as much of my cock down her throat as possible. I could feel it sliding between her cheeks and down her tighter throat, and could see there was only about two inches showing. Then she pulled back again, strings of spit connecting my prick and her full red lips. Then with a look of determination in her eyes she went back down on it, pulling my asscheeks towards her and this time taking even more in and leaving only an inch left to go. 

Looking up I could see Kate was now idly rubbing Ste's cock over one of her nipples while they both watched Amy undress. She was down to her bra and panties and pushing her long blonde hair over her shoulders, before reaching behind her to unclasp her bra. Her large, round breasts came free, jutting straight out. I'd seen them many times, and Ste had already marvelled at them the night before, but Kate gasped. 

Reaching to stroke the soft golden skin and the erect pink nipples she breathed: "They're still incredible, hon. Just how I remember."

While Amy leaned forward and kissed Kate deeply on her lips, Jen stood up, and unclipped her red bikini top. I leant forward to kiss each of her nipples, then carried on down to pull off her jeans. I'd already discovered that she wasn't wearing panties, so now my eyes were level with her dark bush. 

Out of the corner of my eye I noticed that Ste had pushed his hard cock between my girlfriend's tits and was now sliding up and down between them, while Amy carried on kissing Kate. Then Jen pushed me onto the floor of the motorhome. It was wet from where Kate had squirted a few minutes earlier, but I didn't mind as I felt Jen straddle me and slide the top of my prick into her pussy.

She wasn't fully ready so it didn't slip it that easily, but she braced herself with her hands on my chest, and, with her eyes closed, she inched her way down it. As she bottomed out she leant forward and whispered: "Oh my God, Nick, that feels incredible. It's so big."

I moved up to kiss her, but she backed off. She had this thing about kissing that was driving me wild. Her lips were so ripe, so moist, so ready to be kissed, that I was aching inside to feel my lips on them. But she wouldn't let me. Instead she leant back a little, her breasts jutting forward and started sliding up and down my pole. 

I looked up to see her with her head thrown back, her silky black hair tossing from side to side, and her mouth open in ecstasy. When I put my hands on her hips and started moving her up and down faster on my cock she started moaning my name. Then when I reached further round and started to play with her asshole she threw her head forward with a grunt of excitement. That let me know how to make her come. Without any warning I slid my middle finger into her ass, and she began to scream my name, her pussy spasming around my cock. 

I managed to hold off my own orgasm and pulled my finger out, waiting for her to stop coming, holding my rock hard cock still inside her pussy. Once she'd calmed down she leant forward and kissed me right next to the lips. Looking at me with a smile she said: "Thank you. That was phenomenal."

I'd been so wrapped up fucking Jen that I'd nearly forgotten the threesome on the other side of the motorhome. I looked over to see Amy knelt on the bench, her cheek pressed up against the curtains covering the window, and Ste standing behind her sliding his cock slowly in and out of her pussy. Kate was sitting next to her, kissing her and stroking her tits. 

I had an idea. A dirty idea. I smiled at Jen. "You think that was phenomenal? Let's try something that will really blow your mind."

Before she could object, I called over to Ste.

"Ste, mate, fancy giving me a hand here?" As I did I pulled Jen forward onto my chest, my cock still in her and spread her asscheeks for Ste to see. 

He got my meaning straight away and grinned at me. He pulled his cock out of my girlfriend and moved over to us. Amy didn't seem to mind, especially as Kate quickly moved round behind her to replace Ste's prick with her mouth.

I was still holding Jen down against my chest so she was muffled when she said: "I'm not sure this is a good idea. I've never done it before."

I stroked her soft hair and said: "Don't worry. We'll go slowly. Just relax and you'll enjoy it." 

As Ste positioned himself behind her and lined his purple cockhead against her tight asshole, I pulled her cheeks apart. The two other girls even stopped what they were doing to watch Jen's double penetration. 

I felt Jen tense up as Ste eased his spongy head inside her ring, and sensed her concentrating on breathing and relaxing. I could feel him just inside her while I held my cock, rigid and throbbing inside her other hole. He was struggling to get inside her until Amy and Kate came over to kneel either side of him. Amy kissed his lips while running her hands across his chest, and Kate reached down to help guide his cock deeper into Jen's ass. 

Kate started a commentary on Ste's progress. In her cutglass posh accent I could hear her say: "You're an inch inside her now. Push some more. Go on make the bitch feel it. That's it. You're halfway in now. Come on, you big bastard, hurt her. Let this little slut have everything you've got. Just push as hard as you can."

I remember thinking a that point that Kate and Jen weren't ever going to be good friends.

Urged on like this, Ste was going in too quickly, but Jen was taking it. 

Finally, Ste was all the way in. Kate slapped Jen's asscheek and said: "Yes! That's all of it right inside her. Now fuck her both of you. Go on! Make her scream."

I think Jen was too focussed on the two huge pulsating pricks embedded in her to worry about what Kate was saying. Looking up I could see she was panting with her eyes closed and her mouth set in a smile.

Behind her Amy was whispering to Ste, then kissing him. I thought for a second that it was unfair Amy was allowed to kiss him when I wasn't allowed to kiss Jen, then it occurred to me that Amy must have told Ste to ignore Kate and go easy on his girlfriend's ass. He began slowly pulling out of her, then easing his way back in. We soon set up a rhythm, alternating in and out of her holes, and her cries grew louder and higher pitched.  

"Oh my God," she panted in between breaths. "I feel so full. Fuck me. Both of you. Fuck me harder." 

We sped up our pace, and I could see the sweat running off Ste's forehead. My balls were ready to explode, but I didn't want the feeling to end. 

Kate had grown tired of urging Ste to hurt his girlfriend and instead clambered up onto the table above us, spreading her legs and stroking her clit. When Amy turned and slid three fingers into the redhead's pussy I knew what was coming, but Ste and Jen were about to be surprised. 

Kate let out a sudden scream and started bucking on Amy's fingers, then cum started gushing out of her pussy and all over Ste, Jen and me. It was covering our faces, our hair was dripping with it and I felt it running over Jen's nipples as they grazed my chest. Once he realised what was happening, Ste went into overdrive, frantically sawing his cock in and out of Jen's asshole. Kate got her way in the end, but by then none of us cared and Jen was loosened up enough that it didn't hurt her.

We all came at the same time, Ste and I both spurting deep inside of Jen who writhed between us, her body shaking and dripping with Kate's cum. 

My balls were aching by the time Jen pulled herself off me, both of us drenched and drained. She just collapsed back on top of me, resting her head on my chest and sighing contentedly. 

The motorhome was nearly silent for a few seconds. The only sounds were the five of us catching our breath, and the distant noise of a band on stage.

Eventually, Kate broke the silence: "Er, do you think I could I use your shower?"

We all burst out laughing. 

"I think we could all do with a shower after that," said Amy, who took the redhead by the hand towards the bathroom. 

"Don't use all the hot water," mumbled Jen.

"What?" asked Amy looking back.

"Don't use all the hot water," I said, stroking the hair of the girl collapsed on my chest. She was moving up and down with the rise and fall of my breathing, I could feel her cheek on mine and, even though I'd just come twice in quick succession, the second time more powerfully than I think I'd ever done in my life, I could feel a faint stirring in my balls. 

Amy nodded, looking us both up and down, then disappeared after Kate into the shower.

Ste was leaning against the counter, still catching his breath. His hair was stuck to his forehead through a combination of his sweat and Kate's cum. He pushed it back, saying: "That was incredible. Did you see her cumming all over us? It was just squirting right out of her pussy."

I didn't say anything as I was distracted by Jen reaching down to interlace the fingers of one of her hands with mine. Our bodies were both still soaking wet, and our hearts were pounding together.

Ste moved towards the bedroom. "I'm going to crash for a bit. You coming Jen?"

She shook her wet hair on my chest and made a noise like: "Nuuuh."

He shrugged and went into the bedroom.

As soon as the door shut, I felt Jen's lips on my neck. "I want you again," she whispered in my ear. She sounded completely alert.

"Are you kidding?" I laughed

"No," she reached down to feel my flaccid cock. "I want it in me again. And again. And again. I don't want to live another minute without your beautiful big prick inside me." She raised her head to look into my eyes, her lips an inch from mine, and her wet, black hair hanging down on my cheek. She looked beautiful and my cock was starting to twitch in her hand. 

She felt it and smiled. "Fuck me again," she whispered insistently.

I carried on looking into her dark brown eyes, my lips tingling in anticipation of touching hers, and my cock growing harder in her hand. I parted my lips and moved very slightly towards her. She didn't move her head but lifted a leg and slipped her pussy back over my cock. She was full of my cum and soaking wet, but it still felt great to be inside her again. I started to buck very slightly, the base of my prick rubbing against her engorged clitoris. She closed her eyes, her long eyelashes meeting, and I moved my lips up to reach her's. The touch was electric but brief. She pulled her mouth away, and pushed her pussy further down onto my cock. 

With a growl I quickly stood up, remaining inside her, and sat her down on the counter against which her boyfriend had been resting only a few minutes earlier. Then, with clenched teeth, I started driving in and out of her hole, while she wrapped her legs around my waist and moaned for me to do it harder. I did, focussing every muscle in my body on her, feeling every inch as I pounded in and out of her soft, warm pussy, licking her neck to taste her sweat and then burying my face deep in her hair.

We came together, me once again pumping what little cum I had left deep inside her, and her clinging tight onto me, digging her nails into my back.

"Don't you two ever stop?" said Kate, coming out of the bathroom, wrapped in a white towel and drying her hair. 

Neither of us looked at her. We were staring deeply into each other's eyes. 

Then dragging myself back to reality, I pulled out of Jen and walked to the bathroom. "I'm going for a shower too," I said.  I brushed past Amy on my way in. She was wearing a white towel too, which contrasted beautifully with her flawless golden skin. We didn't say anything. She just looked at me, an amused look in her eye. I thought as I squeezed past her that while I had enjoyed fucking Kate and Jen, neither of them were anywhere near as beautiful as Amy. 

I stood holding the door open, watching her walk away. She truly was stunning. I couldn't believe my luck, having someone who looked like her and was willing to do the things she was willing to do. I smiled to myself and was about to step into the bathroom, when my eyes met Jen's.

She'd watched me watching Amy, and now she was looking straight at me, her eyes burning with unbridled lust. Shocked by the intensity of her expression I ducked into the bathroom and stepped under the shower, the hot water washing away the mingled sweat and cum that was covering my body.

-------------------------------------------

Later that evening, I was sat by the beer tent watching the legs of people dancing to Faithless. I was with Amy, Ste and Jen, and this was the group we'd most wanted to hear, but none of us had the energy to stand up and look at the stage, let alone start dancing to it. We'd taken all our drugs on the first night, so couldn't even turn to chemicals for a lift.

Amy was resting her head on my stomach and Jen was leant back against Ste. Looking at her I couldn't help but think back to a few hours earlier when she'd been leaning against me in that position as I'd edged my hands ever so slowly down the front of her jeans. I caught her eye once or twice and my guess was that she was thinking the same thing.

It was only when the conversation got onto Kate that Jen seemed to get interested in it.

"I think she's a complete bitch," she said. "What were you thinking of, going out with her?" she said to Amy.

"Well," said Amy, smiling knowingly and looking at me and Ste. "She has got one or two good points. I thought back to an image of Kate spraying me, Jen and Ste with her pussy juice, and found I had to agree with my girlfriend.

"She's ok," I said. "I guess you just have to get to know her a bit better."

Jen sat up and stared at me wide-eyed. "You want to get to know her better, Nick? Well why don't you do that then? I think she's a fucking cow and I never want to see her again."

Ste began rubbing Jen's shoulders and laughing nervously. "All right, just chill out Jen. It's ok."

She shrugged him off and jumped to her feet, still looking at me furiously. "No it's not fucking well ok." She walked off quickly. I jumped up and was about to run after her, when I felt Amy's hand hold mine, and saw Ste running after her. 

I remembered that he was her boyfriend, so it should be him who went to talk to her not me. So I sat down, still looking at her small figure disappearing into the crowd, Ste close behind her.

I turned to look at Amy and raised my eyebrows. "What's got into her?"

Amy laughed slightly, her blonde hair falling across her face. She looked at the ground.

"What?" I asked, confused.

Amy looked up at me, smiling ruefully. "You don't know what's got into her?"

"What do you mean?"

She smiled and sighed, crossing her legs under her and leaning towards me. In the half-dark she looked so beautiful as she gently stroked my cheek. "Nick. Sweet, sweet Nick. It's not what's got into her. It's who."

I carried on staring at her uncomprehendingly. Sure, I thought – it's Kate who's got to her. Why was Amy acting so strangely?

Amy exhaled, sounding a little exasperated by my stupidity. 

"Nick, you've got into her. That's what's happened. Really, you have no idea at all, do you?"

I was stunned. My head was starting to swim a little, and I wanted to ask Amy what she meant, when we were interrupted by a female voice.

"So that's where you two are hiding."

"Hi Kate," said Amy. "Come and sit down."

She kissed Amy deeply on the lips, then sat opposite us. "Fuck me, you are gorgeous."

Amy smiled and looked at the grass.

She continued: "Amy, darling. You know I was telling you about my cousin, Keira, who I've come with? Well she wants to meet you." She paused and raised an eyebrow smiling. "She really wants to meet you if you know what I mean. Come with me back to our tent, will you?"

Amy hesitated. "But isn't she only like eighteen years old?"

"Yes. So? Do you remember what we were doing when we were eighteen?" 

The two girls looked at each other for a second and then Amy said: "Why not? I'm not that into the music right now anyway." 

They both stood up and looked down at me.

"Well?" said Kate.

"What?" I said looking up at her.

"You coming or not, big boy?"

"OK" I said, trying to keep the excitement out of my voice. I was about to ask Amy about Jen and Ste, but I didn't have time. Kate linked arms with Amy, and set off, walking quickly through the dancing crowds. I followed behind them, wondering what was going to happen next on this incredible weekend.