 We woke up late the next morning, and I woke up in the best way possible, feeling a pair of warm lips sliding over my morning erection, and looking down do see the tangled blonde hair of my gorgeous girlfriend bobbing up and down in my lap. I looked up at the ceiling and savoured the feeling of her tongue sliding slowly up my nine inch cock, feeling every ridge, teasing my glans, and then her hot mouth sliding fully over the end and then down until I bumped against the back of her throat. 

She started massaging my balls with one hand, and pumping my shaft with the other, coaxing the cum out of me. I reached down, running my hands through her silky hair, and along her back feeling for her pussy, hoping to find it wet and ready. But she slapped my hand away and started sucking my cock even more vigorously.

I got the message. She wanted me to cum in her mouth and I wasn't about to complain. I moaned as I felt my balls tighten and my cock grow even larger, every nerve on it enjoying the feeling of her warm, wet mouth. Then with a cry I let go. I felt my seed shoot up through my shaft and into her mouth. She kept on pumping it until every last drop was out, then swallowed it down, a happy, satisfied expression on her face. 

I had a feeling it was going to be another good day.

--------------------

Jen and Ste were still in bed when Amy and I emerged from our bedroom. We were both starving, so I got to work making a round of bacon sandwiches. Amy cleared up the bottles, glasses, and cards from the night before. 

"Well, I wonder who wrote this one?" she said.

I looked over from buttering some bread to see she was reading the pieces of paper on which we'd written dares. 

"Which one? What does it say?" I asked.

"Let's see if you can guess who wrote it. It says – Both girls suck Nick's cock until her cums all over both of their tits. Now who could have written that?" 

She was looking at me with her eyebrows raised. She knew it was me from the handwriting if not from what was written. I decided to ignore her and opened the fridge door.

"Brown or red sauce?" I said.

"Both for me," I heard Jen say cheerfully, slapping my ass as she walked past.

Ste came out behind her, and went straight out of the door of the mobile home. 

"Thanks for tidying up, Amy," said Jen, as she flopped down next to my girlfriend. 

"No problem," said Amy. "I'm going for a shower." She got up without looking at me or Jen and went into the bathroom.

Jen and I looked at each other quizzically. It wasn't like Amy to be that offhand. She was usually so chatty and cheerful with her friends. 

Then our look changed from quizzical to one that was going on too long. Jen's mouth curled up a little at the corners and she got that look in her eye. The one she'd had last night just before she'd pulled down my shorts and started sucking my cock. Then she ran her tongue along the top of her upper lip. It was a barely noticeable move, but I felt my cock stirring.

I had to shake myself out of it. I was here with Amy. What had happened last night was fun, but it would be a bad idea to take it any further. We were at Glastonbury to enjoy the music and have a laugh, and that's what we were going to do. I realised I was still holding the fridge door open.

"Red sauce or brown, Jen?"

"Both. I said already," she said, her expression darkening a little.

"Oh yeah. Ok. Nearly done," I said and went back to buttering bread. Jen opened a copy of Grazia and started aggressively flicking through it.

-- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The rest of the day was kind of like that. I think we were all little uncomfortable about how far we'd gone last night. I mean we'd all been friends for a few years, always had a great time together and didn't want to ruin anything. I knew I certainly didn't. Most of all I didn't want to lose Amy. I'd always fantasised about fucking Jen, and last night it had come true, but I didn't want that to jeopardise my relationship.

Jen, though, wasn't making it easy. Of the four of us she seemed the least bothered by what had happened. She kept on making subtle references to the previous night's orgy, references which Amy, Ste and I ignored, and she kept on giving me those looks. Looks that made my cock start to rise, and my balls start to tighten. She was also finding any excuse to touch me. Brushing my leg as she squeezed past me in the motorhome, holding my arm for too long after she'd got my attention, reaching across me to get the milk so her breasts were pressed against my bicep. It was torture.

However, as the day wore on and we had a few beers in the sunshine, we all started to relax a little. By six in the evening we were sitting on the grass. I was half watching a small band I didn't know and half looking at people in the audience, when I my eyes fixed on a stunning girl walking through the crowd in our direction. 

She was a redhead, with pale skin and light freckles. She was wearing a floaty, floral green dress that sashayed around her knees. I realised she was actually heading towards our little group, so I looked more carefully at her shapely, slender legs, accentuated by platform heel strappy sandals, and her large breasts that were bouncing slightly as she walked. I carried on looking, trying to assess her size, and by the time she reached us I'd settled on a 38D, possibly DD. She glanced at me with an amused expression then turned her attention to my girlfriend.

"Amy, darling! What are you doing here?"

I'd been the only one who'd noticed this gorgeous redhead walking towards us so I was the only one not to start a little at the sudden intrusion. Amy quickly recovered herself and leapt up to embrace the girl.

"Kate, hi! How are you?"

I noticed the two sets of full breasts pressing together as they hugged. The girls didn't fully separate, but stayed in each others arms just leaning back to look each other up and down.

"I'm good," said Kate. "It's been so long since I saw you."

"Far too long. Not since we left Leeds. Wasn't it the last party at Jeff's place?" Amy stopped and looked down, suddenly seeming embarrassed.

Kate didn't reply, just looked at Amy, as if trying to remember Jeff's party in Leeds. Then, clearly remembering, she broke into a wide grin and said: "Of course! How could I forget?"

Still looking at Amy, Kate said: "So, who are your friends?" 

"Sorry," said Amy. She gestured at me. "Kate, this is Nick, my boyfriend. Nick, this is Kate from university. You remember me telling you about her?"

I didn't remember at all, but that didn't stop me from being polite. I jumped up and went to shake her hand. I was unbalanced and she was able to pull me towards her to give me a kiss on the lips. I was taken aback and not sure how to react. 

"Kate!" Amy punched her friend on the arm, but she was smiling.

"My, my. Jealous are we?" Kate said archly to Amy. Then turning to me: "What have you done to her, you bad man? She was always so open and sharing at university."

At that point Jen jumped up and stretched out her hand. "Hi, I'm Jen."

Kate didn't even turn to look at her. Just shook her hand and dismissed her with: "Nice to meet you." Then she turned back to smile at me.

Jen opened her mouth to introduce her boyfriend, but Kate talked over her: "Come on, Amy. This band is crap. Let's get a drink. We've got a lot of catching up to do."

She walked off towards the drinks tent, pulling Amy by her hand, glancing back to look me up and down.

I sat back down on the grass and said: "She seems nice." Jen sat next to me and said: "What a bitch." Ste said: "Oh shit, I've run out of beer. I'll go with them." Before Jen could stop him he got up and ran off up the hill to find Amy and Kate.

Jen lay back next to me and breathed out, looking up at the blue, cloudless sky. I drew up my knees and looked at the stage where a new band was about to start its set.

It was the first time Jen and I had been alone since the previous night, and there was an unmistakable tension in the air.

Eventually Jen broke the silence: "I'm getting burnt. Could you put some lotion on for me?"

I looked at her and raised an eyebrow, but she looked back at me without flinching.

"What?" she said innocently. "I don't want to burn."

I shrugged and poured some lotion into my palms, then knelt behind her and started rubbing it into her upper back, around the straps of her red bikini top. I couldn't help myself from noticing her breasts moving with the motion of my hands. Without turning to look at me she said: "I enjoyed last night."

I made a noise of agreement.

She breathed in deeply and continued: "You were amazing. Just how I've always imagined you would be."

"Er, thanks," I said, not entirely sure what to say or where she was going with this.

"Lower down too," she said. I rubbed it into her lower back, running my fingers along the top of her shorts, taking care not to go any lower.

"And on my stomach too, please."

I hesitated. She leant back against me giving me, resting her head on my lap, looking up at me. 

"Please," she said. I sighed and poured more lotion into my hands before starting to rub it over her soft, pale stomach. She kept on looking at me as I did so, and I felt her breathing quicken. 

I didn't look into her eyes. I knew if I did that then I'd be lost. Instead I focussed on her stomach, trying not to think about the feeling of her body resting back against mine, and about the implications of what she'd just said about her having thought in the past abut fucking me. Most of all I was trying to control my rising erection, trying to stop it pressing into her back. 

Despite my best efforts, I soon found myself looking at the gap between her jeans and her flat stomach, and then my hands were circling lower and lower towards that point. 

I stopped just above the top of her jeans. 

"Nick. I want you again," Jen said as she shifted backwards towards me. My fingers slid down into her jeans, across her pubic hair and rested above her pussy. We were both breathing deeply. 

I looked down at her. She was willing me with her eyes to go again even lower. I could see her erect nipples through her bikini top. I knew I shouldn't be doing this. It was one thing to have sex with her and Amy at the same time. It was another to be doing this. It was cheating on my girlfriend, but there was something about Jen, something between us. Almost against my will I started to move my fingers down towards her pussy.

"Jesus, how big is that queue!"

We jumped up at the sound of Ste's voice. 

"There's no way I'm waiting that long for warm beer," he said, sitting down next to us. "Amy and her friend aren't bothering either. They're going back to the motorhome. Amy said she'd see you later. Is that suntan lotion, Nick?"

"Er…….yes," I said and I tossed it to him.

We sat in silence for a while. There seemed to be an atmosphere, but I couldn't quite work it out. By rights Ste should be pissed off. He'd come back to find me with my hands almost down his girlfriend's trousers and her lying back against me virtually panting for me to go lower. But it was unlike Ste to just go silent. I'd known him a long time and whenever something pissed him off he would always confront it head on. He didn't do that. He didn't even seem that angry with me. He just sat with the two of us, staring at a band none of us knew.

If anyone seemed angry it was Jen. She kept shifting and tutting as if the ground was too uncomfortable then glaring at me and Ste. When I asked if she was ok she snapped back: "Yes. I'm fine. You ok?"

Eventually I couldn't stand it any longer. I couldn't figure out the atmosphere and the whole thing was beginning to annoy me. I jumped up and told them I was going for a walk. They both nodded without looking at me, and carried on staring blankly at the stage.

----- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

I wandered around the festival for a while, feeling a little listless, and disappointed that today didn't seem to be working out so well. We'd had a great time last night. Why couldn't we all just move on from it and have fun today. Why was there this strange atmosphere? I mean it's not like anyone hadn't been into it last night. I went through my mental library of images: Jen and Amy lying naked on top of each other while Ste pushed his cock into first one then the other pussy; Amy lapping up his cum from Jen's pussy; Jen screaming in ecstasy as I fucked her ass. We'd all been there, we'd all been involved. Why were people acting so strangely today?

After a while I got bored of aimless strolling and decided to go back to the motorhome to get some sleep. Faithless were going to be the final set that night and I wanted to be on form for them. I walked through the campsite, which was mostly deserted because everyone was watching the bands, and through into the section reserved for motorhomes. I was glad Amy had decided to get us a motorhome, rather than camping. Not only could we get a decent shower, but I was fairly sure last night wouldn't have happened if we'd been in a tent. I was also looking forward to getting some sleep now on a proper bed.

As soon as I stepped into the motorhome though I realised I wasn't going to get much sleep.

Kate was lying on the table in the middle of the room, her head was leant back over the edge, her red hair spread out onto the seat. Her green floral dress was hitched up to her stomach, she had pulled her huge tits out of her bra and was massaging them together, tugging at the pink nipples. Between her legs my girlfriend was lapping away at her pussy.

Amy looked up in shock as I walked in. Kate however seemed not to have heard.

"Don't stop, Amy. I'm nearly there."

I stood there staring at them, as Kate reached down to push my girlfriend's head back onto her pussy. Amy smiled at me as she returned to her task. In seconds Kate was moaning and writhing on the table in the throes of an orgasm. 

The redhead half sat up, pulling the blonde towards her lips. Then she noticed me and froze. 

"Jesus! What's he doing here?"

I didn't know what to say. I'd been on my way to bed. I hadn't expected to walk in on a full-on lesbian oral sex session. I wasn't complaining though. 

"Don't worry, honey," said Amy soothingly. "It's nothing he's not seen before." She then kissed Kate, sucking on the redhead's lower lip as she pulled away. Kate seemed to relax a little.

Amy continued: "In fact, I don't think Nick minded that much, did you, babe?" She looked at me. I shook my head.

They both started to giggle at my stupefaction. I felt like I needed to say something, if only to help me stop looking so stupid. But I couldn't think of anything to say.

"Do you want a closer look, Nick?" my girlfriend said teasingly. 

Did I? At that moment there was nothing I wanted more in the world than to get a closer look at this amazing girl, who was spread eagled and naked on the table in front of me. 

However, I was too completely dumbfounded by this change in my girlfriend to move. Amy had never been like this with me before. We'd always been good in bed, but it had always been the two of us, never anyone else. Until Jen and Ste last night. And now Kate.

"Come closer, babe," she beckoned me towards her. "Come and look at my ex-girlfriend's pussy. Isn't it pretty?" 

I move towards the table and looked down at the glistening pink folds, surrounded by light auburn hair, and I swallowed hard. My cock was straining to be free of my jeans. Kate had leant back on her elbows and was watching us with an amused expression on her face.

At that point I realised what Amy had just said. "Sorry," I said. "Your ex-girlfriend?"

"He speaks!" said Kate sarcastically.

"Uhuh. That's right," said Amy, as she slid a finger delicately into Kate's pussy. "We were together for a few months at the end of university. Actually, we never properly split up, did we?" She looked questioningly at Kate as she pulled her finger out and trailed it across my lips. I licked them and tasted Kate's pussy.

"Do you like it?

I nodded. 

"Well then. What are you waiting for, lover boy?" She moved aside, leaving me standing in front of Kate's exposed pussy. I looked up at the redhead. She was looking expectantly at me, her mouth slightly open, one hand starting to stroke a nipple.

I leaned forward and stuck my tongue in between her lips. I moved slowly round the outer lips, then lightly kissed her engorged clit. She bucked a little. Keeping my tongue in constant contact with her soft pussy, I moved down to her hole then slid my tongue in before licking up and out, dragging the tip right up to her clit again. 

"Oh yes," she murmured.

Now I pushed down with my mouth, my lips encircling her clit and my tongue right on it. I moved my tongue up and down, slow and gentle at first, then getting faster and harder, reacting to her cries of excitement. As soon as I started sucking gently to bring her clit even further out of its hood, she began to cum. I had to hold onto her thighs as she thrashed about underneath me. I was determined to make her come several times with my tongue before I let her feel my nine inches inside her.

Then all of a sudden Amy pulled my head up. Kate exhaled and fell back onto the table.

Amy kissed me passionately.

"God she tastes good," she said, coming up for air. "Try doing that with a finger inside her. Push your finger up to her G-spot."

It seemed like an oddly specific instruction to me, but I was game for anything. 

Amy smiled at me knowingly. "Go on. You'll like it, I promise." Then she directed my head back to her friend's pussy.

I begin licking and sucking her clit as I'd done before but moved two fingers inside her steaming hot hole and up to feel the rough G-spot inside. Kate gasped loudly as I entered her, and then as soon as I started rubbing the G-spot she started yelling.

"OH MY GOD! YES! JUST THERE! YES! OH!……FUCK!……"

I felt her whole body tense up, and then she exploded. She shouted my name at the top of her voice and a jet of liquid came spraying out of her pussy. It covered my face and neck and even drenched the top of my t-shirt. 

I couldn't believe this girl was actually squirting all over me. I'd heard about women that could do this, but had never experienced it firsthand. At first I was shocked. I admit, my first thought was that she was peeing on me. Then I realised what was happening and I started to enjoy it. I mean it's a pretty rare thing. 

It clearly got Amy excited too. As soon as her friend started squirting, my girlfriend moved down next to me, trying to get as much of it on her face, down her neck and in her mouth. When Kate stopped squirting, Amy grabbed me and started kissing me again, tonguing my mouth, trying to taste her friend's cum. She was pulling my hair with one hand and undoing my jeans with the other, while she searched my mouth for every last drop. 

When we broke apart Kate was still spasming on the table. I watched her while Amy knelt in front of me and pulled down my pants. 

Her breathing started to slow as she looked my cock up and down once or twice. It stood straight up and there was already a droplet of pre-cum on the end. She looked up at me, smiled, then carefully licked it off and moved up onto the table to share it with Kate.

Kate had just recovered enough from her own ejaculation, to pant into my girlfriend's mouth: "I want him. In me. Please."

I'd only just got over the shock of having this woman come so violently all over my face, and now she was begging my girlfriend to let me fuck her. This really was turning out to be the best festival ever. 

Amy moved behind Kate's head and reached forward to pull the redhead's dress over her head and then threw it to the floor. She then unclipped Kate's bra at the front and let her enormous tits fall free. While Kate was now completely naked, my girlfriend and I were fully clothed apart from the fact that my cock was jutting out in front of me, throbbing in anticipation. 
