 Please read the first parts of the story prior to starting this one! Four friends are on holiday in Spain and slowly but surely developing an intimate relationship as the men try to see how far they can get their wives to go ...

******

An hour later, we were clearing up after breakfast. We had arranged for Tim and I to go into town as Claire and Judy wanted to spend the day cooling off at the pool. I was actually quite relieved. The last two days had been exciting but also taxing on the nerves and I was also looking forward to catching up on how Judy had reacted to the film the previous evening.

We drew up a list of things we needed to buy and then Tim and I bundled into the small dirty-red Renault that we had rented for the week. The car was stifling. It was only 10:30 a.m. but the heat of the morning sun had turned the little car into an oven. Seeing as we had no air conditioning, we wound the windows down and raced off down the highway towards town. The combination of engine noise and wind made conversation impossible, so I was once again forced to wait until I could ask Tim.

We arrived 15 minutes later and found a parking space near to the town square. First stop - a Tapas bar overlooking the square. Having ordered two beers, we sat down at an isolated table and looked at one another.

'Cheers!'

'Cheers!'

'So Tim - how did it go last night?'

Tim grinned.

'I had the time of my life - and you?'

'Come on - I want all the details!'

'OK, OK, keep your hair on. I'll tell you. After you had gone, Judy told me to play the film for her. She just sat there in her towel in front of the T.V. and watched the whole film without a word. Then she told me to re-wind the film and play it again. This time, she made me lie naked on the bed and pulled off her towel and screwed me while watching the film.'

'She didn't say anything?'

'Not then, no.'

'Strange.'

'Yes. But after I had come, she kept sitting on me and started playing with herself. She was watching the film the whole time.'

'And?'

'I asked her whether she liked what she was seeing and whether it turned her on. She said yes and told me to talk dirty to her. I told her that I was imagining her giving you a blow job and you coming over her breasts and face.'

'What?! What did she say?'

'She came! Afterwards she told me that she had always fancied you and that, although she would never make a move on you, she was really turned on by the film and wanted to know whether I thought that you would let her see you in that state.'

'And how did you answer?'

'I said I didn't think that you would have a big problem with it - but that Claire might not be too thrilled with the idea.'

'True.'

There was a moments silence before Tim grinned.

'But it would be great fun if she was!'

I laughed - Tim was the born optimist. We finished our drinks and wandered around town window-shopping before going to the supermarket and collecting everything we needed for the house. We lugged everything to the car and sped back to the house; by the time we arrived I was once again hot and sweaty and looking forward to cooling down in the pool.

We got everything out of the car, locked it and carried the bags up the path to the house, closing the gate behind us. As we reached the terrace, we were surprised to find that both Claire and Judy were topless - although both lying face-down on their sun-loungers. Even more surprising was the fact that they were not wearing their bikini's. Judy was still dressed in her come-covered white lace knickers and I wondered briefly whether or not she had told Claire about them. Claire was wearing a pair of shiny chocolate brown silk briefs with small beige hearts on them. 

Tim and I rushed to unpack everything as quickly as we could and then went straight back on to the terrace. Both of us simply stripped our shorts off and leapt into the pool - me in my skin-tight olive-green Lycra short-style pants and Tim in a pair of ash-grey boxer shorts.

Claire and Judy watched us with interest but refused to join us, saying that they had been for a swim just before we returned and wanted to warm up a bit.

It occurred to me that they didn't have any swimming costumes with them and that their panties appeared to be dry. This meant that they either had been swimming earlier than they said or ... they had taken their panties off before they went in! I felt the first stirrings in my loins at the two of them skinny dipping whilst we were away and resolved to ask Claire at the earliest possible opportunity.

We clambered out of the water to cat-whistles from the two girls. No wonder. Our underpants were clinging to every contour of our bodies. Tim's cock was clearly visible through the thin grey boxer shorts that he was wearing and my partially-swollen cock was not to be overlooked. One could even see the outline of my cock-head!

'Check THAT out would you Claire - no wonder you spend half your time grinning!'

Claire laughed.

'THAT's not bad either - wouldn't mind getting to grips with that as the plumber once said!'

'Any time you're ready - as the actress said to the bishop!'

'OK, OK, you win - what IS going on here? Are you two drunk?'

'No! Horny maybe, but definitely not drunk!' Claire laughed.

My cock continued to swell at the turn in the conversation. Once again I wondered how much Judy and Claire had discussed with one another. Unfortunately, Judy noticed my predicament.

'Wow - what a big boy - how does Claire get her 'laughing gear' around THAT then?!'

Claire looked at me and laughed.

'Just a lot of practice!'

My cock continued to swell - by now I was almost fully erect and my underpants were almost painfully tight around my erection. The problem was, the more I thought about it the harder I became.

Judy sat up on the edge of her sun-lounger. I saw her small breasts for the first time. They were even smaller than Claire's - almost certainly an A-cup - with small coffee-coloured nipples that stiffened under my stare. Since her breasts were small, they stood out firmly from her body and I was overcome with the desire to take them in my hands and ...

'I certainly wouldn't mind have a go and judging by the way 'he' is rushing to greet me, it doesn't look like he would be averse to the idea of a strangers' lips looking after him!'

We all looked at Judy in amazement - what had happened to the quiet, rather reserved, women that we knew?

'What?' She looked all innocent.

'All I said was ...'

'All you said was that fancied the idea of giving my husband a blow job!'

'Er, I guess.' She laughed slightly nervously.

'And what would your husband say to the idea of you wrapping your lips around my husbands cock?'

'Well, judging by the size of his hard-on, I would say that doesn't appear to mind too much!'

We all looked over at Tim. It was true. Tim had a bulge in his boxer shorts that reminded me a tent pole. He looked slightly abashed. Claire sat up. Her 32B breasts stood firmly in the afternoon sun, her pink nipples fully erect.

'Don't worry Tim - we're only kidding - and anyway, I would make sure you didn't get left out - I could do with some 'cream' on my breasts and I have the feeling that you have just what I need!'

'Somehow I think you two could do with a cooling off before this gets out of hand. Come on - let's have a quick swim.'

This time they did join us. After ducking under the water, we all stood chest-deep in water looking at one another, everyone rather uncertain of what to say or do. Claire sidled up behind me and wrapped her arms around my chest from behind, rubbing her breasts into my back. She slid one hand down my stomach and gave my cock a quick squeeze before taking her hand away again.

'You liked that didn't you?' She whispered.

I nodded and watched as Tim hugged Judy from behind, cupping her breasts in his hands and running his thumbs over her nipples, not caring that Claire and I were less than three feet away and could see every move. He grinned over at us. Letting go of Judy he started wading towards Claire in the direction of the ladder.

'I think that Judy and I need to take a short siesta.'

'What a good idea - I think we'll join you.'

Suddenly I realised what I'd said - a Freudian slip of the tongue - and started to correct myself.

'I mean, er, ...'

'Maybe another time eh?' Claire blurted out and everyone laughed.

'What do you say Tim?'

Claire stepped behind him and grabbed him from behind, rubbing her breasts against his back, just as she had done with me earlier. He held her arms tightly around him.

'Any time, my dear! Any time.'

Suddenly I felt Judy slipping her arms around me from behind, closely followed by the warmth of her breasts as she pressed them against me. I froze, unsure how to react. As she started pressing her crotch against my bum, I pushed back against her, then reached behind me with my arms and cupped her firm bum in my hands.

Laughing, we let go of one another and followed the other two out of the water. As we waited to climb out, I looked up in front of me to see the chocolate brown silk of Claire's panties pulled tightly up into her crotch, water dripping from her body as she stepped onto the border around the pool.

Always the gentleman, I let Judy climb up in front of me. I could see right up between her thighs and revelled in the way the white cotton gusset of her panties clung to her. As she too stepped onto the stone border of the pool, I caught a peek of her pussy, more on display than hidden through the wet white lace panel of her panties.

As I climbed out, I became more aware than ever of my hard-on. Grabbing a towel as soon as I got out, I quickly rubbed myself dry and we walked quickly into the house and disappeared into our respective bedrooms.

As soon as we walked through the door, I ripped off my trunks and grabbed hold of Claire's soaking knickers.

'Get them off! I can't wait any longer!'

'Stop. Wait! Just a second.'

'Why?'

She pulled off her knickers and dried herself off with her towel. Taking my hand in hers, she headed towards the door.

'What are you doing?'

'Shhh. Just follow me.'

We walked - split naked - down the corridor, stopping in the hallway. Just around the corner - out of sight - was Judy and Tim's bedroom. We could hear noises that left us in no doubt as to what was going on in. Peeking around the corner, Claire turned back at me and grinned. Motioning with her finger, we peeked around the corner. Their bedroom door was open! They had pulled the curtains shut, but as my eyes adjusted to the semi-darkness in the room, I was able to see the shadowy forms of Tim and Judy. Tim was lying on his back and Judy was perched on his groin, her back arched and supporting herself on his thighs with her hands as she rode his cock. Although the room was too dark to see much detail, we could see that Judy had her eyes shut and that Tim was holding onto her hips as she rode him. I could clearly see Judy's pert little breasts in the dim light and the way she was rocking her hips over Tim's groin did little to calm my excitement.

Claire motioned for me to come with her and we tip-toed back to the bedroom. As soon as we were there, I threw her onto the bed and knelt up behind her.

'No! I want to do it like them!'

In a flash, I was flat on my back and Claire eased herself down onto my throbbing prick, taking me inch for inch as she slid down my shaft. She sighed as we were fully coupled and let her weight settle down on me. I wondered briefly whether she was fantasising about sitting on Tim's cock. As I had anticipated, she placed her hands on my thighs behind her and started rubbing herself against me just as Judy had done. Claire had her eyes shut now and I was sure that she was picturing herself impaled on Tim's cock.

A slight sound interrupted my thoughts. Claire too had heard it and snapped eyes open. We both turned to the door. It was open! As we both froze in surprise, Tim suddenly appeared in the door frame.

'Sorry!' He half whispered.

Claire automatically covered her breasts with her arms and turned her body away from him, forgetting that he had seen her topless just minutes before.

Tim went to move away from the door towards the bathroom.

'Stop! It's OK!'

'Grant!'

'Let him watch if he wants to. It's OK.'

'But ...'

'It's OK Claire. Let him watch. Look at him.'

She looked at him and took in what she was seeing for the first time. I felt her vaginal muscles briefly clutch my cock as she realised that he was naked and hard. His erection was plain to see in the light streaming in from the hallway. His shaft was shiny from Judy and the purple crown swollen and glistening with come.

Claire held her breath and then placed her hands back on my thighs, arching her back and exposing her breasts to Tim's stare.

'That's it Claire, show him how good you look. Look how hard he is - I bet he's imagining what it would be like to be me right now.'

'Oh, God, yes.'

Tim remained transfixed in the doorway. He had taken hold of his cock and was now masturbating while watching the two of us.

'Look at him Claire. He's masturbating for you - because of you.'

Claire looked over at Tim who was now jacking himself off and apparently pleased that Claire was watching him. I felt Claire stiffen.

'Oh, Grant, I'm going to come soon!'

My own orgasm was just seconds away. In trying to stimulate Claire by talking dirty to her, I had also brought myself to the brink of orgasm. I looked over to Tim.

'Tim. Come closer!'

Tim stopped his masturbation and walked over to Claire and me.

'Tim - when you come, I want you to come over Claire's tits.'

'Grant!' Claire looked at me with wide eyes.

'Wouldn't you like that Claire?'

She didn't answer, but started rubbing herself harder and faster against me.

'Tell me, Claire. I want to hear you say it! Tim wants to hear you say it!'

'Oh, yes!'

'Yes, what?!'

'YES! I want him to come over me - I want him to spray me with his come! I want to shoot over my breasts and ...'

She got no further. With a stifled moan, she came and arched her back fully, thrusting her belly and breasts upwards, the muscles of her smooth stomach were emphasised by the stretched position. That was enough for Tim. He took one step forwards to the edge of the bed and - jerking himself harder and faster than before - he came. His hand stopped, pulling back his foreskin to expose his glans. Time seemed to slow down for me, a jet of thin white come shot out of his penis and arced through the air, landing on Claire, running down her breasts and down her tummy. One blob spattered onto her chin and hung there like a small white tear.

This was more than I could take. I came and as I did so, Claire pulled off me and sank between my thighs so that my own come shot out over her breasts and mingled with Tim's before running down over her pussy and between her thighs.

'Er, I'd better go.' Tim stammered and disappeared, looking embarrassed at what had just happened.

Claire simply sat there looking content, come trickling down her body. Taking one hand, she ran it over her stomach and breasts and collected the come before smearing it over both breasts and onto my chest.

'Oh, Grant that was brilliant - I never would have believed that it could be so horny. If we ever do anything like that again, I want you to tie me up and have you both masturbate over me!'

'Is that all? I bet you really want to do more than that.'

'Yes. I'd like you both to tease me before spraying me with your come!'

'And?'

I wanted to hear her finally admit to it; to wanting to screw my best mate.

'And I want to suck your dicks and have you come in my mouth and my pussy. You can both use me any way you like!'

She flung her arms around me and kissed me hard. I returned the kiss and felt our come-covered bodies stick together as it dried on us.

'And what about me?' I asked, curious as to how far she was taking this fantasy.

'You can do whatever you want with Judy. And with me and Judy together! Fair's fair!'

'And what if I want to screw her?'

'I would like to watch!'

'And what if I want you to make out with her, while I watch?'

'I would even do that if it turned you on.'

'Are we walking fantasy here?'

'Yes ... and no. I don't know. I don't know what to think at the moment, I just know that that was the most horny experience of my life. Come on - let's have a shower, then I've go something to show you.'

We raced into the bathroom and showered together; taking our time to soap each other well, washing off the last traces of come from our bodies before stepping out and towelling ourselves off. Checking that all was clear, we walked back to the bedroom and shut the door.

'So, what did you want to show me?'

'This. Sit back on the bed.'

Walking over to the T.V., Claire switched it on and I noticed for the first time that the video camera was hooked up to it. Claire switched the camera on and moved over to sit next to me on the bed. The screen filled with a rather shaky shot of the pool and then it swung around until Claire appeared, dressed only in the chocolate brown knickers that she'd been wearing earlier and a matching chocolate silk bra, the small cream-coloured hearts looking like polka dots from this distance. Judy's voice came over the T.V.

'OK. Now take your bra off.'

Claire reached behind her back and unclipped the bra before shimmying it off and dropping it onto the nearby sun-lounger. She stood there for a second, her firm breasts paler than the rest of her tanned body, her nipples already small hard buttons as the camera swept over her body and down towards her groin. For a second, the screen was filled with a slightly out-of-focus brown background and then the autofocus took over and the image crystallised into the smooth chocolate brown silk and cream-coloured hearts of her panties. The dark brown lace piping framed her slim pelvis and ran down the inside of her hips before disappearing between her thighs. Two hands slowly appeared and the thumbs slipped under the lace piping running over her hips. Slowly they pulled down her knickers, gradually exposing the smooth, firm, stomach and the first light-brown hairs as her pubic mound came into view. Her hands continued to slip the knickers further down until her pubic mound was completely exposed. Due to the close-up shot, every detail of her pussy was clearly visible; her soft lips, her pale pubic mound and even the first pearls of sweat between the sparse pubic hair.

The camera zoomed out to follow Claire's hands as she pushed the silk knickers down her legs and shins and then stepped out of them, dropping them onto the sun-lounger to join her discarded bra.

Naked, Claire stood looking slightly coy before turning and jumping into the pool with a splash. When she re-surfaced, the water streamed off her face and hair and pearled on her shoulders as she swam along the pool in a slow breast-stroke. The muscles of her back and bum were highlighted as she glided through the water. As she reached the end, she turned around and rolled casually onto her back, as Judy filmed her breasts and flat stomach before moving down to her groin and thighs.

She continued to film as Claire reached the end of the pool and climbed out of the water before standing facing the camera in her full glory.

'My turn!'

The T.V. screen went blank and then came back to life, this time with Judy standing in front of the camera. She was wearing her white silk panties and a matching bra and stood with her hands on her hips, grinning at the camera.

'This is where it becomes interesting for you!'

Claire took hold of my semi-erect cock. For a second I was reminded of where I was and looked over to Claire, who was looking at me with a cheeky grin on her face.
