 It was only when Jen looked up from reading the dare I had to do and fixed me with an evil grin that I knew this was going to get out of hand. Till then it had just been four friends having a laugh, but Jen's expression told me that that was about to change.

"So, what is it?" said Amy.

"OK, guys," said Jen, looking at Amy and Ste, before fixing her gaze back on me. "Nick has to kiss someone's right nipple." She paused to lift an eyebrow ever so slightly. "Now. Who's he going to choose?"

There was silence as three pairs of eyes turned to look at me. I wasn't prepared for this. Who would I pick? I knew who I wanted to pick. It was the girl sitting opposite me, holding a crumpled up piece of paper, and clearly enjoying my dilemma. But if I chose Jen it could cause all sorts of problems. 

I was pretty sure Ste wouldn't mind me seeing his girlfriend's tits and even kissing one of her nipples. I'd seen him checking out Amy in the past, and from his expression right now he looked like he was quite happy with the way this game was turning out. 

I wasn't so sure about Amy though. We'd been together for three years and we'd talked about this sort of thing. We'd even talked about doing it with Jen and Ste, but she'd always been a bit reluctant, so I'd never pushed it any further.

But now, here we were. It was two in the morning, we were in a motor home at the Glastonbury festival, and I had to make a choice.

I guess I'd kind of thought something like this might happen at the festival. Jen and I had been flirting with each other for as long as we'd known each other. After one particularly big night out on the town she'd even announced to the three of us that she really fancied me. We'd all been crashed out in their garden, staring at the stars and passing round a spliff, and either no one else had heard it or everyone had just pretended not to hear it. 

It had got me thinking though. I was definitely attracted to her. She was 30, the same age as me, with straight black hair that came down to her shoulders, a great, well toned figure and breasts that I'd guessed were 34C. Her habitual expression was a half smile, like she'd got a joke that no one knew about. The thing though that always got my attention was her full, dark red lips, the kind of lips that always look like they're waiting to be kissed. 

But she was one of Amy's best friends, and I was in love with Amy so nothing had happened between me and Jen. I'd thought about it a lot, and once or twice when we'd been out in nightclubs, talking into each other's ears so we could be heard above the music, cheeks brushing against each other as we moved, and her hands resting gently on my leg, I'd found myself getting hard and looking at her lips as I talked. Something had always happened to snap us out of it, and I'd gone home and fucked Amy senseless.

And we did a lot of that. Don't get me wrong, Amy and I were in love with each other and we great in the sack together. She's far and away the most beautiful girl I've ever slept with. Three years younger than me, with wavy strawberry blonde hair, perfect features and golden complexion, liquid green eyes, 34D breasts that hardly need a bra to stay up, and long legs that end in the most perfect ass you could imagine, she is most men's idea of a perfect woman.

More than that, I was really in love with her. I didn't want to do anything to hurt her. But I had to make a choice. Whose nipple would I lick? And what would happen after that?

It probably wouldn't matter that much, I told myself. I mean we were all so wasted we wouldn't remember any of it. We'd spent the day drinking beer and chilling out in the sun watching bands, and then in the evening had livened ourselves up with a bit of MDMA powder and had danced to The Chemical Brothers before heading back to our motorhome. 

The motorhome had been Amy's idea. She hated camping but really liked festivals. At first we'd agreed to do it just to humour Amy, but that morning when we'd woken up in our beds, had showers, and then walked past the huge queue of people waiting to use the campsite showers we'd all begun to think Amy's idea might not have been such a bad one after all. 

It had also meant that when we got back still buzzed up from the music and the MDMA we could sit around the table, have a few more drinks, and play some cards. 

We were playing sevens which I'd always thought was a good game to get myself to sleep when I'd had too much coke. It's ok but pretty boring after a couple of hands. Jen obviously thought the same, as after a couple of hands she'd suggested we spice it up a bit by adding some dares for the loser to do. We'd all written out three dares, and put them in the middle. Mine had been pretty tame -- downing a shot of vodka, pretending to be a dog for the next round, and swapping an item of clothing with the person on your right.

Someone, though, had put in a few more interesting dares. And this had got me into my dilemma. I looked into Amy's beautiful green eyes, and tried to work out if I could get away with picking Jen. She wasn't really giving anything away. She was just looking at me neutrally. She didn't seem shocked by the idea but she wasn't exactly encouraging me to take it a step further. I had a feeling she could get into these more interesting dares, but I didn't want to take it too far too quickly.

Then I had a brainwave.

"I choose......" I looked from Amy to Jen, keeping them in suspense, letting them think about how it would feel to have my tongue curled around their nipples, my lips gently pulling at them, making it erect. "I choose................Ste."

They all burst out laughing. 

"I never knew you felt like this," said Ste, smiling as he lifted up his t-shirt. "Come on then, big boy. Come and get it." I leant over and gave his right nipple a quick peck.

"Come on then," said Amy, grinning at me "Let's play another round." 

We did and Ste lost. He got my vodka dare and downed it without complaint. Then I lost the next one and had to tell everyone my most embarrassing moment. Once everyone had stopped laughing at my story, Jen pointed out that we were running out of dares, and suggested we write some more.

"Ok," I said. "And this time I'm going to get even with whoever put in that nipple one." 

"You mean you didn't put it in?" said Ste, looking genuinely shocked.

"No. You did, didn't you?"

"No. I thought you did." He looked like he was serious. As the implication of this sank in we turned to look at our girlfriends. They we busy writing on their bits of paper, so, exchanging a quick grin, Ste and I started doing the same."

Finally, one of the girls lost the next round. It was Jen and I read it out: "Kiss someone on the lips for a minute." 

She didn't waste any time in selecting a victim. She leant over straightaway and planted her lips right on my girlfriend's. Amy's eyes flew wide open, but she didn't stop Jen. I knew she'd kissed a few girls before, but I'd never seen her do it. Before long they were both getting into it, holding each other's heads, tongues and lips meshed together, and I could feel my cock getting stiff. Ste and I were so caught up in the action that we forgot to time a minute.

All too soon they stopped. Jen moved back to her seat and began shuffling the cards, with a big smile on her face. From the way her nipples were poking through her tight t-shirt I figured Amy had enjoyed it too. I lost the next round. Sevens really isn't my game. 

The dare was to strip down to my underwear. I knew this would cause me a few problems, as my cock still hadn't gone down after watching Jen and Amy kissing, and, with only my boxers on, it was going to be very obvious. I thought about backing out and taking the two shots of gin penalty, but then I thought what the hell, and pulled off my shirt. 

The other three started cheering and clapping. This grew even louder when my jeans came off and I stood there my cock making a tent inside my boxers. I sat down and started to deal, hoping I wouldn't lose the next one. 

I didn't. Amy lost it and had to sing us Happy Birthday in the style of Marilyn Monro. When she sidled up to me and started rubbing my bare chest, as she carried on singing sexily and breathily way, my cock started to throb. I think she saw it as she smiled and moved round to give Ste the same treatment. 

She also lost the next one. I was starting to think she was losing them on purpose. Her dare was the same as the last one I'd had: to strip down to her underwear. 

"Who put all these in?" asked Jen, laughing.

Ste and I looked at each other and shook our heads. It wasn't us.

"Well it wasn't me," said Jen. 

We all turned to look at Amy who was grinning broadly at us all. "Oh come on," she said. "You're only young once." She the pulled her t-shirt over her head, showing us her perfect tits encased in a black lacy bra. She pushed them together, obviously enjoying Ste's reaction. Then she stood up and started unbuttoning her jeans. She turned around and pulled down her jeans, showing us her smooth long golden legs, and leaving tiny just black panties which were barely covering her pussy. 

She was obviously much more into this game than I'd suspected. 

The atmosphere in the motorhome was suddenly more tense. I think we all realised just how far this game could go. No one though seemed to want to stop. Ste suggested we write some more dares. We could hear other people at the festival still partying, but our room was silent except for the sounds of our pencils scribbling away new dares. I wasn't sure how far to go with these, but I decided to take a risk and I wrote out a few that would make the rest of the game a little more interactive.

Jen picked up the old unused dares and tossed them aside, leaving only the ones we'd just written. I was glad. Spending a minute barking like a dog would have seemed pretty tame now.

Jen was starting dealing the cards when Amy said: "Hey, wait a minute. This is unfair. Nick and I are both nearly naked and you two have still got all your clothes on. How about we even it up a bit?"

"No fair," said Jen. "You lost your clothes on a dare. We shouldn't lose our's just like that."

Amy pouted and sat back. I thought quickly. "How about you both strip down to the same as us, and we do an extra dare each?"

"Ok," said Ste. Jen shrugged.

"Go on then," said Amy. "Let's see what you've got."

As we watched our friends strip for us I felt Amy's hand on my leg under the table. She ran it up my thigh, into my shorts and onto my rigid cock. She kept looking at Ste and Jen, but I heard her catch her breath as she touched my nine inches and started slowly wanking me off. 

I was more turned on than I'd ever been in my life. My stunning girlfriend was running her soft hand up and down my cock, while I watched Jen, the girl I'd lusted after for three years, get virtually naked. It was all I could do to stop myself coming there and then. Jen noticed me moan a little and smiled. 

"You enjoying the show, Nick?" she said while placing one foot on the table and running her fingers slowly up her legs, along the inside of her thighs, past her white panties and up over her breasts, stopping for a second or two to circle her nipples through the fabric of her bra. 

"So, what's your forfeit, Amy?" she said.

Amy opened one up and breathed in deeply. It made her tits jut out even further and I wanted to grab them there and then. I wanted to tear off her bra and slide my cock between them. 

"I've got to take someone into the bedroom for five minutes." "Who?" said Ste, a little too eagerly.

"My choice," said Amy.

"So, who'll it be?" asked Jen.

Amy stood up, and moved behind me, running her hands down my pecs, over my abs, and then past the elastic of my boxers. Jen and Ste could see exactly what she was doing, as she grabbed hold of my prick and squeezed it. Over my shoulder she breathed out the name of the lucky person who'd spend five minutes with her in the bedroom: "Ste."

A broad grin spread across his face and he jumped up towards the bedroom, holding the door open for Amy, who sauntered in not even looking back. 

As they shut the door, Jen and I turned to look at each other. I was feeling a little jealous of Ste. I wanted to know what he was going to do in there with my half naked girlfriend. Then I realised that I was in here with his half naked girlfriend. 

"Well......?" She left it hanging there.

"Well." I didn't know what to do. I mean it's not everyday you find yourself in this situation. Would you have known what to do? 

Fortunately Jen did. She crawled over the benches towards me, and then sat herself on my lap, her legs either side of me, her pussy pushing against the length of my cock, and her hands around my neck. She smiled at me and looked at my lips. I did the same. Then she leant forwards. But instead of going to kiss my lips as I though she would she leant towards my ear. I could feel her breasts on my chest and her warm pussy next to my throbbing cock.

"I want to fuck you," she whispered into my ear.

It was all I needed to hear. While she began to kiss my neck I reached up and unclasped her bra. As I pulled it away she leant back to expose her tits to me. They were smaller than Amy's but with swollen nipples that were just begging to be sucked. I leant down to do just that and she arched her back to bring them up to my mouth. I filled my hand with one breast as I licked and sucked the other. Then I lifted my head and looked at her lips. They were slightly parted and wet. Finally, I thought, I can kiss them. I ran my hand through her silky hair and moved my lips towards hers.

"No," she said, leaning back. "No kissing. Just fucking."

I made a noise of frustration. For years I'd been looking at those lips, imagining tasting them, feeling them. I was so close but still so far.

It wasn't all bad though. Getting up from my lap, Jen pulled my boxer shorts down to my ankles. She jumped back as my cock sprang up towards her. 

"My God, Nick!" she said and started to giggle.

"What?" I said.

"Nothing. It's just so.......just so........." She didn't finish the sentence, just knelt down between my legs and licked my shaft from the balls to the tip. Then wrapping her fingers round the base she slid the head in between those gorgeous lips. 

It felt incredible. I decided I could live without kissing her lips, if this was what I got instead. I sat back and enjoyed the sensations as Jen sucked my cock into her mouth, taking it as far down her throat as she could, then lifting right off it to look at its full length, before licking it all the way up and down again.

My enjoyment of Jen's oral technique was interrupted by noises from the bedroom. It was the unmistakable sound of Amy having an orgasm. Jen didn't stop to listen. She just reached down and started stroking her pussy through her knickers while moaning onto my cock. When she looked up at me, an expression in her eyes that said "I'm loving sucking your cock and before tonight's over I'm going to put it deep in my pussy, you lucky bastard," I started to feel my balls boil. I put my hands on her head, closed my eyes and said: "I'm about to come. Don't stop."

"Hey you two, five minutes is up!" said Ste.

Jen pulled her mouth off my dick as Amy and Ste walked back into the room.

I groaned loudly, but it was no good. Jen had stood up and was moving back to her seat opposite me. Once there she sat staring at my pulsating cock her eyes filled with raw lust. 

Amy sat next to me. Her underwear was back on but her chest was flushed. If I hadn't heard her moaning, I could have told she'd just come from that sign. She leant over and kissed me, then sat down. Ste sat on the other side of me looking very pleased with himself.

"What's your dare then?" said my girlfriend.

I'd almost forgotten about the game, but she was right. I had to do one more dare before we got back to the cards. I reached into the pile of folded paper and pulled one out. 

It was one I'd written myself, and as I read it I felt my balls tighten even further. 

"Direct your own porn film. Use the other three as actors."

They all laughed, and Amy said: "That's a good one. Who wrote it?"

I owned up. "Well you should know what you're doing. How do you want us, Mr Director?"

It suddenly occurred to me that it might be a good idea to check everyone was ok with how this was going. While I was pretty sure they were all up for it, I thought their reactions would give me a good idea of how far I could go. Plus it would give me time to think of what I wanted them to do.

"You all sure you're ok with this?" I asked.

Jen just smiled and nodded. Ste said: "You kidding?" Amy said: "Yes. Definitely. Just tell me what to do."

I figured I could go a long way with these actors.

"Well, the first thing for any porn film is that the actors are all naked," I said. "So, come on get your kit off."

Straightaway Ste pulled off his boxer shorts, revealing a cock that was a little shorter than mine but just as thick and just as hard. His head was purple and I could actually see it throbbing. I knew how he felt. 

Next Amy took off her bra. 

"My God, girl!" said Jen, incredulously. "They don't sag at all. You bitch." "Your's aren't too bad either, you know," replied Amy with a grin.

"You're both fucking gorgeous," I interrupted. "Now get the rest off." I was impatient to get to the action.

They both complied, peeling off their panties. Amy's golden bush contrasted well with Jen's dark strip. I was starting to wish I'd brought a camcorder so I could really film this.

"Now," I said, rubbing my hands, my dick waving in front of me. "It's traditional to start with some girl on girl action. You two seemed pretty good at making out together earlier on so why don't you go back to that."

Jen and Amy moved together and started kissing passionately. Without any prompting from me they started exploring each other's bodies with their hands, squeezing each other's tits and stroking backs and arms and legs, before Amy parted her legs, allowing Jen to slide a finger down into her pussy. Then Amy did the same. 

Ste and I watched entranced, hands sliding slowly over our cocks as we watched our girlfriends fingering each other. Jen's mouth left Amy's and she kissed her way down to the blonde girl's erect nipple. Amy cried out as Jen bit gently into it. Jen's hot lips continued down her friend's body, over her tanned, flat stomach and towards where her finger was lightly strumming her clitoris.

"That's it," I said quietly, fearful of breaking the mood. "Lick her pussy."

Without a pause, Jen did just that. Turning to give us a perfect view she stuck out her tongue and licked the length of Amy's pink, wet pussy. With the tip of her tongue she started applying pressure to Amy's clit. Amy's moans became louder and higher pitched.

"Amy, lick Jen's pussy," I ordered. Amy looked up at me. Her green eyes on fire with passion, and perhaps just a hint of fear. I knew she'd never done this before. I smiled at her and nodded and Jen gave her added encouragement by licking her clit even further and now plunging two fingers in her sopping wet hole. Amy cried out and stuck her face into Jen's pussy. 

Ste and I watched for a minute or two while the girls ate each other out, the silence broken only by muffled moans and the occasional shout from the revellers outside. I was so close to coming that I had to stop touching my dick.

"Ok, it's time for Ste to join in," I said, my voice hoarse with lust. 

He walked over to the girls, his hand still on his cock. 

"Jen I want you to suck the end of his cock. Amy I want you to lick his balls."

He groaned as they went to work, bathing his cock and balls with their lips and tongues. He reached down to feel their tits and to push his girlfriend's head deeper onto his pole. 
