 I arrived at the motorhome and found Jen and Ste sitting at the table eating some cereal. They'd cleaned up and there was now almost no sign of the orgies we'd had in this vehicle. 

I thought back to how much had happened since we'd arrived on Friday. I thought about Friday night: Jen bent across the table where she was now sitting eating her breakfast, as Amy, my girlfriend, lined up my cock against her friend's pussy and urged me to slide it in. 

I thought about Saturday afternoon: Ste standing above the table while Amy and her ex-girlfriend Kate sucked his cock and balls. Then later that afternoon me lying on the floor, roughly where I was now standing, my cock deep in Jen's pussy, Ste's embedded in her ass, while Kate sat on the table above us, fingering herself and drenching us in her girlcum.

"Morning, guys," I said.

"Hiya mate," said Ste. "How's it going?"

"Not so bad," I said, helping myself to a bowl of cereal and sitting next to him. "What did you guys get up to last night?"

"Not much," said Ste. "We just came back here, tidied up a bit and got an early night. Where did you go?"

"Me?" Jen hadn't said anything, hadn't even looked at me. She was staring at her empty bowl. I wasn't sure whether or not to tell the truth. I decided to be honest. "I stayed at Kate's tent with Amy. And her cousin Keira."

"Oh yeah?" Ste said with a grin. "Have fun, did you? Spending the night with three girls?"

I didn't reply for a second as I thought back to sliding my cock doggy-style into Keira's tight eighteen year old pussy, while she urged me on in French, then pulling it out and driving it into her cousin who was lying beneath her, while Amy was kneeling next to me, urging me to fuck both her friends harder and faster.

"Oh, it was ok, you know," I said, trying to sound nonchalant. 

"Yeah, right," said Ste. "I bet you were screwing all three of them all night weren't you? How old is that Keira, you dirty bastard?"

"She's eighteen!" I protested. "There was nothing filthy about it. She wanted me to do it."

Jen slammed down her mug of tea, spilling some of it on the table. She looked up at me for the first time and I was taken aback by the combination of fury and sadness in her beautiful dark brown eyes. She stood up without a word and walked out, slamming the door behind her.

I looked at Ste questioningly.

"No idea, mate. She was like that all night. To be honest, I've given up trying to work it out. If she wants to be like that today I'm not bothered. I'm going to enjoy myself."

I stood up and told Ste I'd go and see what was up with her. He shrugged and went back to his cereal.

Leaving the motorhome I caught a glimpse of Jen disappearing behind the hotdog stand towards the main area in the festival where the bands were playing. I jogged after her and caught up with her.

"Hey, Jen! What's up?"

She carried on walking a few steps ahead of me.

"Why are you so angry? Talk to me, Jen!"

She turned around, dark eyes flashing with rage. "Like you give a fuck! In fact that's about all you give isn't it? A fuck! Nick the great fucking fucker. Well piss off. I'm not interested in who you've been fucking."

She turned and carried on walking.

I caught up with her and grabbed her arm. I turned her to face me and held her tightly against my chest. There were tears in her eyes.

"Jen. I don't understand. Are you angry with me for sleeping with Keira and Kate?"

"Yes I am, you frigging idiot!"

"But why? I thought we were all just having fun."

"That's really all it is to you? Just a bit of fun?" The tears were running down her cheeks now. She was growing quieter. "Ok. If that's what you want. It's just fun. That's...."

I leant forward and silenced her with a kiss. I gently kissed her full lips, softly opening them and sliding my tongue into her mouth. I could feel the hot wetness of her tears, but she was kissing me back. 

Despite the fact that I was exhausted and had already cum twice that morning, the feeling of her small body crushed up against mine, and the joy of tasting her mouth, was causing my cock to stir, and, as our kissing became more passionate, it rose up and began to dig into her stomach. 

Reaching down to rub it though my jeans, Jen said: "Nick, I want you now. Come with me."

She turned and walked into the thick woods behind her. 

Amy didn't even cross my mind. I was angry with her for how she'd hurt me earlier that morning. Even though she'd been urged on by Kate, Amy was still meant to be my girlfriend and she shouldn't have done that. But it wasn't anger towards her that I was feeling at that moment. She didn't even enter my thoughts. All I was feeling right then was that I wanted to hold Jen and feel myself inside her.

I followed her into the woods, and we disappeared out of view of the rest of the festival. She walked a little further in and stopped in a small, dark clearing. 

As soon as I joined her she knelt down in front of me, unbuckled my jeans and fished out my hard prick. I groaned with pleasure as she slid her mouth down over it, taking it all in almost to the base. 

She continued licking and sucking my cock until it was standing at full mast, then she stood up to kiss me, her slender fingers curling round my shaft and pumping slowly up and down. 

I tugged off her blouse and then unzipped the skirt she was wearing. She stepped out of it, leaving her in only her bra and panties. She looked up at me, running her hands over the muscles in my chest, a look of uncertainty playing across her face.

"What?" I asked.

"Would you......," she began uncertainly.

"Anything you want, Jen." 

Jen paused, then blurted it out: "Teach me to squirt like Kate does." 

I was a bit taken aback. 

"Ok," I said. "But not everyone can do it. I've never seen it happen before, and with Kate it just seems to happen straight away. I'm not really sure how."

"Oh," said Jen looking crestfallen. 

I jumped in quickly. "But I sort of know how to do it. In theory." I grinned at her. "I'm happy to give it a go."

She smiled from ear to ear and reached up on tip-toe to kiss me briefly on the lips. "So, what do we do?" she asked.

"Well, you'd better take these off," I said. I snapped off her bra and kneeled down to pull down her black, lacy panties. She stepped out of them and I pulled her to the ground, where she lay on my clothes. 

I stopped for a second to drink in the sight of her lying there: her slender, smooth body, her pretty face with those smiling eyes and full, dark red lips, her white round breasts topped by erect red nipples and her triangle of black bush, below which was a pink pussy that was already invitingly open and wet.

"Now, relax," I said, before leaning forward to trail my tongue along the length of her slit. 

She sighed happily, opened her legs further, and leant back. 

I kissed her pussy deeply, taking my time on each part of her beautiful soft sex, teasing her little clit with the tip of my tongue, gently sucking it out of its hood. I carried on licking and sucking there until I could hear her reaching her orgasm. I pressed harder on her clit and stepped up my pace and within seconds she came on my face. She didn't squirt. It was a normal orgasm, intended to relax her for the main event.

I reached up to kiss her and she enthusiastically lapped her sticky sweetness from my lips. 

"Now, just relax and go with it," I said as I reached down to slide two fingers into her. She exhaled and said: "That feels so good, Nick."

I kissed both her erect nipples and then her belly button, making her giggle a little, then pushed my fingers upwards so I was stroking the top inside wall of her pussy. I kept moving slowly around, feeling for the walnut-like roughness of her g-spot. As soon as I found it, she jerked upwards and cried out: "Oh yes!"

It was a promising sign. I reached up with my free hand to squeeze her tits and stroke her cheek, while I carried on rubbing her g-spot, gently and slowly at first, making sure she relaxed into the sensation.

Gradually I sped up my movements and could feel it swelling slightly. It was filling with her girlcum, and I realised that she was about to squirt. My cock was throbbing with anticipation. 

Keeping my fingers in her, I moved back up so I was next to her face. She had her eyes closed and was moaning my name and tossing her head from side to side. 

"That's it, Nick. I'm about to cum," she panted, her body tensing slightly.

"You're so beautiful, Jen, "I said as I kissed her cheek. "Let it go, cum on my hand."

As I touched my lips to hers she exploded. She screamed out: "OH!!! YES!!!!" Her body tensed completely, and a jet of liquid came squirting out of her pussy. It sprayed all over my hand and forearm, and, while she carried on bucking, I kept my fingers embedded deeply inside her and moved down to catch her cum on my face, neck and chest. It kept on squirting out of her, while she convulsed and cried out my name.

Eventually it subsided, she flopped down onto the ground and I pulled my fingers out of her. I moved above her, my throbbing cock right next to her cunt, and my face above her's. She was panting with exhaustion and when she opened her eyes she had a look of complete and utter satisfaction.

"Wow," she finally managed.

We smiled at each other and I kissed her softly on her lips. 

"That was incredible, Nick."

I kissed her neck, fighting the impulse not to push my rock-hard dick inside her.

"I never knew I could cum like that. Wow." She closed her eyes again and smiled broadly. 

She opened them to look directly at me, suddenly serious. I was aware of the heavy thickness of my cock between my legs. 

She seemed to make up her mind and said: "I love you, Nick."

Just at that second, unable to resist any longer, I pushed my hips forward so my hot prick slid deep into her wet, steaming hot hole. 

"Oh God, Jen," I groaned. You are so fucking hot."

Then I realised what she'd just said. I didn't even have to think what to say.

"I love you too," I said.

She wrapped her calves and arms around me and pulled me even deeper into her, kissing my lips passionately.

Then suddenly she stopped, as if an idea had just occurred to her. "Can you make me squirt with that too?" she asked excitedly.

"I can try," I said, and moved onto my knees, angling my cock up towards her g-spot. It wasn't getting quite high enough, so I held the base with my fingers to increase the angle, then started pushing forward. I watched her face intently as I ploughed in and out against her g-spot. With her eyes closed, and her mouth half open, mumbling incomprehensibly, she was lost to the outside world in a reverie of sexual ecstasy. 

I watched as her excitement mounted and I pushed harder and faster until she exploded again, squirting all around my cock and onto my torso. I felt the warm clear liquid run down over my balls and thighs, while I held myself still inside her writhing body. 

"Oh my God, Nick," she said when she'd recovered. "That is fucking amazing!"

I really needed to cum now, so clenched my teeth and drove my nine inches deep inside her, preparing to give her a good hard fucking, but she cried out: "Ow! No! Nick, it's too sensitive there."

I pulled out straight away and knelt above her holding my thick, erect, glistening cock. 

"Come here, babe," she said, rolling onto her side. I moved up towards her head and offered my purple head to her lips. She opened up her mouth to accept it and I pushed myself inside her. She reached up to pull me in further. Inch after inch of my shaft disappeared inside her, her eyes opening wider and wider, until I was buried right inside her mouth and throat. I pulled out a little so she wasn't gagging, then she sucked to hold me there. 

As I leant back with my hands on my hips she kept my prick inside her mouth, sucking it and bathing it with her wet tongue. I felt the cum rising from inside me and resisted the temptation to push myself deeper down her throat. I held still while she carried on sucking me off, now lightly squeezing my balls with her hand, until I came with a grunt, my cum shooting along my shaft, splashing against the back of her mouth, and then running down her throat. She pumped the base of my dick, milking the last of it out of me, then swallowed it all down and looked up at me, happy and contented.

I realised as I looked at her that I meant it: I really was in love with her.

She wasn't as pretty as Amy, or as confident as Kate, but there was just something there between us. It was impossible to describe it. It was like it was right being with her. I felt happy and like I wasn't alone anymore. 

It was love all right.

We spent the rest of the day wandering round the festival, holding hands, stopping to look lovingly into each other's eyes. We'd watch a band for a while but then I'd lean over to press my lips against her's and then we'd forget all about the music, all about everyone around us and lie there kissing passionately, hands all over each other.

Eventually as it grew dark our hands wandered into each other's clothing, and Jen whispered that we should go back to the motorhome. "Come on," she said. "No one will be there. It'll just be us."

But it wasn't just us. 

As we approached I could see that there were lights on, and as we grew closer I could hear sounds coming from it. I motioned to Jen to keep quiet while I looked in through a gap in the curtains. 

The first thing I saw was Kate sitting on the edge of a bench. She was naked and she was laughing, her red hair flying wildly about her head, as she looked down to slap the cheeks of the girl kneeling between her legs.

"That's it, bitch," I heard her shout with glee. "Lick my fucking pussy!"

Then I saw Ste at the other end of the girl who was going down on Kate. The girl had her hands tied behind her back but with the angle of my view I couldn't make out who it was. Ste was crouched above the girl's ass and I could see a huge pink dildo sticking out of the girl's pussy. As I watched, Ste leant forward and slowly lowered his erect cock into the girl's asshole. 

When the girl screamed out in pain I realised who it was. It was Amy.

Her head of blonde hair lifted out of Kate's lap and she looked back at Ste who had now sunk his shaft all the way into her ass. I was about to burst in and stop them hurting her when I caught sight of her expression. Although Kate and Ste were clearly both hurting her, it was obvious she was enjoying it. She was smiling up at him and then began to shout encouragements at him.

"Come on, you dirty big bastard. Fuck my little bumhole hard."

Ste laughed and slapped her cheek, saying something to her I couldn't hear, then Kate grabbed Amy's long blonde hair and pulled her head roughly back towards her lap.

I wasn't sure what to do. Part of me was turned on by what I was watching, and, as Ste leant forward to push two fingers into Kate's mouth, pumping them in and out, I imagined replacing them with my cock. But another part of me found it disgusting. Kate was obviously into causing pain, and I could see that she was gradually getting Amy more and more into it. I wasn't sure I wanted to get involved. For me, sex has always been about love and gentleness, rather than cruelty and pain. Then, a final part of me was aware of the beautiful girl who was reaching up next to me, trying to see inside.

"Let me see, Nick," she whispered. "What are they doing?"

"It's fucking weird," I said.

"Let me see," she insisted.

So, I put my hands around her waist and lifted her up so she was level with me. She looked in for a couple of seconds, and then turned round to look at me. 

"That Kate is fucking sick," she said. "They're really hurting Amy."

"I think Amy's enjoying it though," I said.

"Yeah," said Jen, sighing resignedly. "She is. Do you want to go in and join them then?"

I shifted Jen so her legs were wrapped around my hips and her arms were around my neck. I looked over her shoulder to see Ste pull his cock out of Amy's ass and stuff it into her open mouth. 

"No," I said. "I want to be with you, Jen. Only you."

She ran her hands through my hair and looked deep into my eyes. 

"I'm so happy you said that," she whispered in my ear. "You know I really love you, don't you?"

"I do," I replied. "I love you too."

Then we kissed, and I felt my cock rise.

"Fuck me here," breathed Jen.

She held onto my neck, while I unzipped myself, my cock springing out. With it waving around in front of me I pulled Jen's panties aside and lowered her gently down onto it. We kissed as she slid slowly down my pole, all the way down until I was buried balls-deep inside her. 

Behind Jen I could see Amy kneeling on the floor of the motorhome, her hands still tied behind her back. Kate was behind her, holding Amy's mouth wide open, while Ste jacked himself off into the blonde girl's mouth. Amy's mascara had run down her cheeks and her eyes were wide open as Ste started slapping her face with his rigid cock. Then Kate squeezed her hand into a fist and reached between Amy's legs. While Ste jammed his prick back into Amy's mouth, Kate rammed her entire fist into Amy's pussy. They were urging each other on, as they used the blonde girl as their willing fuck doll. Amy just closed her eyes, her head lolling to one side, as the pair kept up their assault on her body.

Through all of this I was gently easing Jen up and down on my cock while she rested against my shoulder, occasionally sighing happily and pecking my neck.

"I love the feeling of you filling me up," she murmured.

I squeezed her asscheeks. "I love being inside you. It feels so right," I replied.

I turned away from the window just as Ste was emptying his load all over Amy's face. 

Keeping myself buried deep inside Jen, I lay on the grass so she could begin to ride up and down on my cock. I lay there, completely happy, focussing on the sensations flowing through my body, and the sight of her framed by the stars in the nightsky, her black hair falling across her white cheek, and her eyes looking lovingly into mine.

Gradually we neared climax, the excitement rising in both our bodies. She fell forward onto my chest with a small cry, and we both came at the same time, my cum filling her pussy, and my arms clasped tightly around her, holding her as close to me as I possibly could.