 To the guys at the firehouse, this is as close as you're gonna get to this idea. Be happy.

"We need a really good fund-raiser if we want to keep this firehouse operating," said the Chief. The guys were all sitting in their monthly fire company meeting listening to the Chief's budget report from the City. If they wanted any kind of equipment or gear this year, they were going to have to get it themselves.

Patrick thought about it for a few minutes and raised his hand. The President of the fire company recognized him and gave him the floor. Patrick stood up to speak. 

"What about having a fund raiser we could all get into? You know how some companies have pub night? Why don't we have Blowjob Night? I'm sure we could get enough guys to kick in for something like that if we had the right girls."

The Chief just looked at Patrick, as did the rest of the room, in amazement. Either it was the craziest idea they had ever heard or the smartest. 

"We get the Ladies Auxiliary to help out. We all know there's a few on there that joined just to get in bed with a fireman. Let's make them earn their keep around here. We can charge $20 a head and see if Jack over at the Lighthouse will run a pub night for the guys standing in line. Two fund raisers for the price of one. We'll throw the ladies some cash and it's all good. Advertise by word of mouth and we're set."

The President asked for a motion on the floor to vote on doing this crazy endeavor. For the first time in company history, all the guys agreed on something. By the time they left the meeting, a date was set and two of the guys' girlfriends volunteered to help out. 

Patrick and the Chief went to the bar next door to see if the owner would hold a pub night fundraiser for them on the same night. He didn't see why not since it was on one of his slower business nights and soon the details for that were set. 

Word got out about the fund-raiser and the guys had even more girls on standby for the big night. They had sold over $3000 in advanced tickets and even more promised to show up on the night of the event. They even got a somewhat famous porn star to perform for them for an additional $30 on top of the normal fee. 

"How in the world did you get Scarlett King to come help us out and wear nothing but bunker pants?" The Chief asked Patrick in amazement. "She's one of the biggest names in modern day porn."

"I've been seeing her for months" said Patrick. The Chief laughed because, well in all honesty, Patrick wasn't the type of guy you'd think a porn star would sleep with. They guys kept making references to the Disney movie, "Beauty and the Beast" to tease him about her. They were teasing him just to hide the fact they all wanted to sleep with Scarlett ever since she made a movie in which she stared as a female firefighter who handled all the hose in her department. They would have given anything to be able to be in Patrick's shoes when it came to sleeping with her. 

"How on earth did you meet Scarlett King and I think the better question is, how the hell did you get her in bed with YOU?" asked Gregg. He was defiantly one of the jealous ones. She was his favorite porn star of all time. 

Patrick laughed and told him he met her through his part time job as a paramedic and that she asked for his number in the back of the ambulance as he treated her for injuries she received in a motor vehicle collision. 

"She called me to have lunch to thank me for everything and I didn't realize who she was until about a month later when she showed me one of her movies. I just thought she was a really pretty girl who was interested in me. Boy was I in for a shock when I started sleeping with her. She's a real tiger in bed."

The day of the even came and there were guys lined up around the block before the start of pub night. Patrick realized he drastically underestimated the draw of this type of event. Scarlett pulled up as Patrick stood in front of the firehouse in awe of just how many guys showed up. The wives and girlfriends who offered to help out were already inside changing into their costumes for the night. Patrick showed her inside and she asked what the chances were that she could get him to wear his gear for her and have some fun on the fire truck. 

The guys were all standing around the meeting room watching as the girls set up their areas. Some of them couldn't believe that their wives volunteered to help out, since they never got this kind of treatment at home. 

Scarlett went to change and the Chief had her set up in his office. He had a big leather couch and it would be perfect for the firehouse version of the Champagne room. They opened the doors and soon the girls were busy. The girls were servicing fifty guys an hour and the line wasn't going down. The bar was packed and the owner said it was one of his best nights since he was in business. The beers were flowing and so was the food. He had to stand at the door and take head counts so that he didn't go over occupancy and piss off the Fire Official. 

Patrick couldn't believe the line of guys waiting for Scarlett. He understood she was in the adult entertainment business but he didn't realize how famous she really was. Turns out she made a firefighter themed porn movie and all the guys had seen her and fell in lust with her. 

Patrick watched Scarlett as she went down on one of her customers. They were charging $50 for ten minutes with her. He was getting horny just watching her suck on the other guy because he knew just how warm and delicious her mouth was on him. The guy wasn't too big and Scarlett could take all of him in her mouth with ease. She looked up and saw Patrick watching her. This excited her and she started sucking the guy harder and stroking him so he'd come for her. She was horny and she was hoping to take a break soon so that Patrick could take care of that problem for her. 

Gregg was in line next and Heather, one of the girls from the auxiliary was going to take care of him. She undid the button of his pants and they slid down to the floor. He sat down on the pile of pillows in her "station" and she began to stroke him with her hand. Gregg laughed because her hands were as cold as her personality but it was going to be fun to have her suck him off because she was such a bitch to him at different firehouse functions. She went down on him and she wasn't half bad. He kept grabbing the back of her head so that she had to take on more of him. Gregg was pretty hung and she was having a hard time with him. He held her head down and fucked her mouth hard. She really didn't like it at first but soon she got into it once she figured out that it didn't hurt as much if she went with it. Gregg was riding her mouth like a two-dollar whore and she loved it. She played with his balls and he pumped her mouth. He knew she liked it when she gave up on his balls and started to rub her own pussy through her bikini bottoms. Seeing her do this made him shoot his load all over her face and it didn't even faze her. She was too busy dealing with her own needs. 

"Here let me help you with that", he said. As he started to rub her clit for her, the Chief blew a whistle and told him he was done. 

Scarlett finally got a five-minute break and Patrick was ready to take advantage of it. He locked the door of the Chief's office and bent Scarlett over the Chief's desk, sending his belongings everywhere. Patrick slid her silk slip up to her waist and he was ready to ride her. She was soaking wet as usual and he didn't have any problem slipping his big fingers in her sopping wet shaved pussy. She was going nuts by the time he had three fingers in her. He knew he couldn't wait much longer to fuck her. He was hard and it was starting to hurt if he didn't cum soon. He dropped his pants and started to rub his cock up and down Scarlett's slick strip. He knew that once he entered her, he wouldn't be able to last too long. He slid into her and she gasped. Patrick was pretty big and she loved how it felt when he entered her. He wasn't as big as some of her co-stars but theirs were downright uncomfortable for her and she much rather have Patrick. He gave into his primal instinct and rode her like an animal. She loved it and she was showing him her vocal appreciation enough that half the firehouse heard her. 

Scarlett made a few phone calls once she was finished recovering from Patrick's attentions. Soon the firehouse was filled with beautiful girls, friends of hers from the business, and the line moved quickly. Guys were getting back in line and waiting over an hour just to try a different girl. The event was a success between the bar and the girls. Once they shut down the line and got everyone taken care of, they had to stuff all the money they made into shopping bags and take it across the street to Police Headquarters until they could take it to the bank in the morning. 

The wives and girlfriends went home to bed while the guys entertained the working girls Scarlett had invited down. They found out that some of them were exotic dancers Scarlett knew and that others were up and coming porn stars waiting to make it big. Sean made a big deal about how Ben, one of the guys from the truck company, kept getting back in line for more. 

"That guy musta dropped a paycheck here tonight between the bar tab and his 5 trips in line. But did anyone notice he was too cheap to go for the champagne room?" Sean was laughing harder. Even the Chief was laughing at Ben. He was the probie and everyone took cheap shots at him. 

Krystal, one of Scarlett's friends, slid into the bar stool next to Sean and slid her hand to his thigh. Sean smiled and moved closer to her. She rubbed his package. He smiled and put his hand on top of hers so that she had to press down on him harder. He wasn't going to say no to a beautiful porn star wanting to have sex with him. They started kissing and soon they were all over each other. Everyone watched as Krystal lead Sean to a chair across the room and lap danced him. It was plain to see she wasn't wearing any panties under her short skirt and everyone else just watched in awe as she proceeded to rock Sean's world. She lap danced him until she knew he was hard then she knelt down before him and opened his pants with her teeth. The crowd cheered as she used nothing but her teeth and mouth to get him exposed. She got him untangled from his pants and started to lick his shaft up and down. Sean was rock hard and ready for anything as she sucked on the side of his shaft. She sucked on him a few minutes until she could tell by the sounds of his moans that he was getting close. She then straddled him and planted herself down on his ready rod. He was over-aroused as he slid into her wet pussy. The nerve endings in his cock went wild as she clenched him hard from within. He knew he couldn't last long with her and he let her ride him until he exploded in her. Her pussy milked him dry and they came together as his last blast of cum hit her cervix. She was panting like an animal as she came and begging god to save her. Sean was more of a take this bitch kind of guy as he came and the whole bar was laughing at the noise and the show that the two of them were putting on. 

Three of the girls went over to the chief and began to stroke and kiss him. He was game for the attention and soon the four of them were going back to his office in the firehouse. It seemed the party was breaking up. Patrick whispered in Scarlett's ear and soon they were walking out the door to her truck. She smiled and grabbed his ass. Everyone in the bar knew where they were going. The guys just looked at Patrick leaving the bar with the famous porn star and shook their heads. Life was not fair.