 Thank you everyone who has voted and commented on the first four chapters of this story. All your encouragement has really helped me to keep on writing. I hope you enjoy Chapter 5, and look out for the final chapter, which is coming soon.

*

The next morning I was wrenched out of a deep, peaceful sleep to feel someone pulling my hands behind my back and starting to tie them together.

I opened my eyes but everything remained pitch black. I was confused, and took a few seconds to realise that I'd been blindfolded. It all started to come back to me. The last thing I remembered I was at the Glastonbury festival and had fallen asleep in a tent. My final image had been of my girlfriend Amy started to lick my cum mingled with Kate's girl cum from the breasts of the French eighteen year old, Keira. I smiled as I thought back to what the four of us had done the night before, then the feeling of rope tightening around my wrists jerked me back to the moment.

I quickly assessed my situation. I was lying on my side, blindfolded with my hands tied my hands behind my back. I was naked and I had a throbbing morning erection. It was time to find out what was going on.

"What's are you doing?" I demanded to know, scrabbling onto my knees and trying to keep the edge of fear out of my voice.

I was relieved to hear three giggles in response. I hadn't been kidnapped or anything bad like that. My suspicion that this was the beginning of another one of Kate's games was confirmed when I heard her say mockingly: "Now, now, don't be scared. It's only us. We're not going to hurt you. Much."

"Kate!" said Amy. "We're not going to hurt you at all. Are we, Kate?"

"No," said the redhead, sounding a little disappointed. "But we are going to test you."

"Test me?" 

"Yes," she continued. "We've been talking while you've been lying there wasting the day. We've decided that you've been having all the fun so far, and we should switch things round a bit."

I couldn't really argue that I'd not had a lot of fun last night. I thought back to the image of my cock sliding slowly into Keira's tight pussy, while the two other girls knelt either side of the teenager, licking and sucking her full firm tits. 

"So, what does this test involve?" I asked.

"We're going to find out how well you know your girlfriend," replied Kate.

"What, like her favourite food and that sort of thing?" I asked.

"No," said Kate. "How well you know her body. Can you tell her kiss from one of our's? Can you tell the taste her pussy? Can you tell if it's her sucking your cock?"

I liked the sound of this game. "Ok," I said. "I'm in."

"You don't have much choice, big boy" said Kate and I felt a hand on my chest push me backwards. Unable to put my hands out to break my fall I fell hard on my back and was slightly winded. Kate certainly liked to play rough.

She continued: "There are five rounds. If you get each one right you get to go onto the next round. If you get it wrong there's a forfeit."

"What are the forfeits?" I asked.

"You'll find out. Ok, girls, here's what we're going to do," announced Kate. "First off we're each going to kiss him on the lips. He's got to guess who is who."

I sensed something above my face. Then a pair of lips was touching mine. I opened mine to let them in and began to return the kiss. It was a firm kiss, thin lips pressing down onto me, opening my mouth wider, creating space for her tongue to slide in over my lower lip and then she broke free. I was pretty sure who it was. "Easy," I said.

"Don't guess yet," said Kate placing her hand over my mouth. The fact she was close enough to do that confirmed my suspicion.

The next mouth I knew straight away. It was the gentle, soft mouth of my girlfriend. We kissed slowly and lovingly, as we'd done for three years, and as she left me she reached down for a quick last peck.

"This is too easy for him," said Kate, sounding annoyed. "We'll go onto the next one."

"But......" interjected Keira. It was the first time I'd heard her beautiful French accent since the night before. I thought back to the sight of her beautiful body and the incredible sensation of plowing my iron-hard prick in and out of her tight asshole.  

"Go on, Kate," said Amy, "Let her have a go."

"Fine. Just be quick."

I felt Keira's lips lightly touching mine. There was again the unmistakable scent of strawberries. Perhaps it was a lip balm she used. I raised my head off the ground to press our faces together. Her lips were full and I could feel the reaction deep down in my balls. When she slipped her tongue into my mouth my cock twitched and she began to rub her hands over my bare chest. 

Kate interrupted: "Ok. That's enough of that."

As Keira went back to her place she grabbed my cock, wrapping her fingers around it.

"Oi, Keira. Get off it," said Kate, and Keira let go. "OK, lover boy, rthat was the easy round. Now, we're each going to spend a minute wanking you off and you have to try to guess who it is."

I felt my cock stiffening as she spoke, and then as one set of small soft fingers curled around my shaft it began to throb. I could tell straightaway that it was the same hand that had been on it seconds earlier. I could also tell that Keira hadn't given many handjobs in the past. She wasn't gripping it tightly enough and was jerking up and down a bit uncertainly. It still felt good, but it was definitely an inexperienced handjob.

The next girl didn't go straight to my shaft. She started slightly caressing the tops of my thighs with her fingertips. Then she traced one finger slowly along the length of my penis and back down again to hold both balls in her hands. Then she massaged them gently. I heard someone giggle, probably at the sight of my cock which hard started to throb. I was trying to work out who had laughed when suddenly both hands were on my prick, once above the other, pumping vigorously up and down. I was breathing deeply, feeling the cum rise in my balls. Then just as suddenly she stopped and silently moved away, leaving me panting and desperate to cum.

Kate could obviously tell I wasn't far off from cumming, so she said I'd have to wait a minute before the next one began. The tent was silent while she timed a minute and I tried to think of something other than the blood pulsing through my rock hard prick.

Then without warning I felt a hand close around the base of my shaft. It slid up slowly and deliberately, gliding over every ridge, every vein. Then it stopped at the top and one finger began rubbing the glans on the underside of my cockhead. I knew it had to be Amy. She knew that drives me crazy, and as she carried on stroking that most sensitive spot on my cock I started groaning and gripping onto the sleeping bag with my hands. Then, gripping my cock, she ran her hand quickly down to the base and slowly, so slowly, back to the top. It was glorious agony. She'd just placed her fingertip onto my glans again and I was again right on the verge of shooting my load when I heard Kate call stop, and the hand moved away.

I relaxed my body and slowed my breathing back down. I could still feel my cock sticking straight up in the air, throbbing, and now with a droplet of pre-cum starting to run off the tip and down its length.

"So, which order?" asked Kate.

"Keira, then you, then Amy."

"Very good," she said sounding disappointed. "Now let's see if you can guess whose tits are whose just by using your mouth."

Then I felt something lowered onto my lips. It was unmistakably a nipple. I licked it. It tasted slightly salty. I sucked it into my mouth and flicked the nipple with my tongue. Then I released it and licked around the nipple, trying to get an idea of the size and shape of the breast. It wasn't going to be easy to tell them apart. They all had large full breasts. Perhaps Kate's were a little larger than the other two, but that was really all I had to go on. 

Still I wasn't all that bothered about whether I got it right. I gave up worrying too much about that and moved my lips over to the other nipple. I started giving it the same treatment until it was abruptly pulled out of my reach. 

The next one soon took its place, but I decided that I wasn't going to let them do all the teasing, so I moved my lips away from it. I could feel whoever it was lifting her breast with her hand towards my lips, but I moved away again. She followed me again and this time I licked it quickly and blew on it. It was so close to my lips that I could feel it grow as it hardened. It seemed as though the nipple itself was trying to get inside my mouth. I relented and began kissing it, before moving towards the other one. I still wasn't sure who it was, but I thought these were a little bigger than the first pair so I was guessing it was Kate.

This left me the dilemma of how to tell if the last pair were Amy's or Keira's. Again a nipple was lowered to my lips and again I tasted it. It tasted no different from the first. Licking and kissing my way around it, it felt around the same size as the first, and it was as firm and full as the first. I wanted to feel it in my hands, to look at it and see the reactions of the girl whose breasts I was playing with. My over-riding feeling though was of a need to slide my cock into one of these girls' pussies. My rod was still jutting up between my legs, and I wondered if the girl whose nipple I was sucking was looking at it, maybe licking her lips, wanting to taste it.

Then I had an idea.

I suddenly released the nipple then leant forward quickly and sharply bit it. The cry of surprise without doubt came from Amy. 

"Ha!" I exclaimed, as she moved away.

"Cheat!" shouted Kate. 

"Hey, there was nothing in the rules about not using my teeth. My mouth you said. My teeth are in my mouth." Then, realising I'd just bitten my girlfriend I added: "You ok, hon? I didn't hurt you, did I?"

"No. It's fine," she replied. "A bit sneaky. But fine."

"So who were the first two?" asked Kate.

"You were second, Keira first."

They all groaned and I knew I was right.

"Easy when you cheat isn't it?" said Kate, clearly annoyed that I was winning the game.

"What? Being tied up and having three gorgeous women force me to play with their tits? Yeah, I'm not complaining."

I felt someone hit my ankle.

"I guess that was Amy!" I said, and they all laughed.

"Stop talking, fuck boy" said Kate. "Or you won't get to do the next round: guess the blowjob."

I wasn't too sure about her new name for me, but all the same I didn't want to miss this round, so I shut up.

"One minute each, girls," said Kate. "Mouths only."

I closed my eyes and relaxed as a tongue started sliding up my shaft. It reached the top and swirled around my cockhead, before the mouth fully engulfed it and I felt warm soft cheeks surround my penis. Whoever it was took me to the back of her throat then moved up, so I nearly popped out of her mouth, then moved back down onto me. I could feel my balls tightening as she held me in her mouth, bathing my big dick with her talented tongue. 

Then all too soon it was over, and I heard someone else come forward. 

The second girl began my lightly kissing the tip of my penis, then planted little butterfly kisses around my bellend and all the way down my shaft. She carried on down, kissing my balls, making me groan in pleasure, and then she made her way up, still lightly kissing me, making me anticipate where she would go next. Finally she reached the top, her lips puckered at the top of my cock, and then she very slowly opened her mouth and eased down onto my nine inches. 

"Oh yes!" I groaned felling the warm wetness engulf my throbbing shaft.

Then, before I could shoot my cum into her mouth she was yanked off me. The girls giggled a little and I was again left with my heart pounding and my cock straining for release. 

"Please let me cum," I begged, sitting up on my elbows and looking where the giggling was coming from.

"Shut it, fuck boy," said Kate nastily. "You'll cum when we say you'll cum."

I groaned again and slumped back onto the floor.

"Oh come on, Kate," said Amy. My beautiful Amy. "We could let him cum, couldn't we? He looks so desperate and I'm sure he'll be ready to go again soon afterwards."

There was silence while Kate considered this.

Suddenly she let out a deep growl, and started moaning: "Oh yes! Yes! God, that's good."

Then just as suddenly she stopped and Amy said teasingly: "Go on. Let my man cum and I might do that again."

"Ok. Ok," said Kate, recovering her composure. "If he guesses this right he can choose one of us to suck him off. If he doesn't he has to wait."

Oh shit, I thought. I'd completely forgotten I was supposed to be working out who it was giving me the blowjob. I had no idea who the first two were. I'd just been enjoying them. But I thought, I had to cum or I was going to explode. I'd have to get lucky with my guess.

"You ready?" asked Kate.

I nodded. 

The third girl began by licking and then sucking my balls. I couldn't really tell who it was, but it felt good to have her take first one then the other inside her mouth and suck them gently. She then moved up and pushed her head down forcefully on my cock. She took me a long way in and I could feel her trying to relax her throat to take in more. I knew that Amy couldn't deepthroat and was never willing to try. 

I thought back to Jen earlier that day, managing to fit eight inches of my thick cock inside her throat, and I wondered what Jen was doing at that moment. I was snapped out of my thoughts of Jen by the girl sucking hard on my cock and rubbing my glans with her tongue. I immediately felt that liquid surge deep in my balls.

I cried out: "I'm cumming!"

Again though I was frustrated as the girl lifted clear of me, leaving me right on the verge of it, but just fractions away from actually spurting. 

I roared my frustration and began to writhe on the floor. 

"Now, now," mocked Kate. "Don't get angry with us. We're just having some fun. So. Tell us who it was and you can have any one of us suck you off. You can choose which of our beautiful throats you want to coat with your hot cum."

Her words and the thought of doing it was making my cock throb uncontrollably. I rolled myself up onto my knees. "Please," I said. "I have to cum. I've got to or my head will explode."

"Poor baby," said Kate, running her palm down my cheek.

I shook her off. I was genuinely angry they were teasing me like this. My whole body was tensed up, my balls were aching, every part of my cock was straining for release. I had to cum one way or another. I turned and started rubbing my cock against Kate's leg, but in vain -- she just moved behind me.

"Who was it then?" she said Kate, running her hand up and down my back, up to my neck.

"It was you."

"Wrong!" shouted Kate triumphantly, grabbing hold of my hair and pulling it up, so hard I was lifted from the floor.

I cried out in pain, more from my groin than from my hair. 

"Kate. Let go of him," said Amy, sounding a little alarmed. "You're hurting him."

She let me back down, and started rubbing my head, saying: "I'm sorry, sweetie. I didn't mean to hurt your boyfriend." It was clear from her tone that she wasn't bothered either way whether or not she'd hurt me. She put on a little girl voice: "I didn't think a little thing like me could hurt a big man like him. Can you forgive me? How can I make my beautiful Amy forgive me?"

She'd moved away from me and I soon heard the sound of bodies moving together and then my girlfriend panting. "Oh yes. That's good. Just there."

I couldn't tell what they were doing to each other, but I knew what they were doing to me, and it certainly wasn't helping my erection subside or my balls stop aching. I leant forward and started rubbing my prick against the sleeping bag. I was desperate to feel some friction against it, to bring it to the release I needed, but it was no good. The material wasn't rough enough and my prick just glided over it. I turned back to face the girls, my hard-on not even bouncing as I turned. It was just sticking straight up, pulsing with desperate need.

"Will someone please let me cum!" I yelled, straining to break free of the ropes tying my hands together.

"Ok," said Kate. 

I jerked my head towards her in surprise. "Really?" I said. "But I got it wrong."

"That's right. And now you're going to do a forfeit."

I was confused. How could cumming be a forfeit? 

I felt Kate running a fingernail over my tight, heavy balls as she explained her evil plan to me: "You get to pick one of us to suck you off. Then you have to kiss her and swallow your own cum."

"The fuck I do," I said. I'd never tasted sperm and I wasn't about to start now.

"Then you won't cum. We'll just carry on playing with each other and leave you there to listen." 

I knew I couldn't do that. I'd go mad. Perhaps Amy would help me: "Amy. Do you want me to do this?" I asked.

"I don't see why not. You expect us to swallow your cum. Why shouldn't you know what it tastes like?"

I felt someone else kneeling next to me, then Keira murmured in my ear as she squeezed my bicep: "It tastes good. You'll like it. Share it with me."

"Your choice, fuck boy," said Kate, now surreptitiously digging a nail into my back. "What'll it be?"

I wasn't going to let her have the satisfaction of seeing she was hurting me. I was rapidly coming round to Jen's point of view on Kate. She might be hot, but she was also a cruel bitch.

I decided to make it a little more interesting. 

Standing up, I took control of the situation. "Ok," I said. "Here's how I want you to make me cum. Kate, sit between my legs and start licking my balls. Amy and Keira, start kissing each other around my cock. I want all three of you to give me a blowjob at the same time like that and to keep going until I cum in Keira's mouth. Then I'll share it with her."

"Ok," said Amy. "Don't sulk, Kate. Let's all give him a blowjob together." 

I clenched my teeth as I felt all three girls start to tongue my balls and cock. Kate might not have been too happy about it, but she was still lapping away at my balls, her soft wet tongue gliding gently over them. The real excitement though was feeling Amy and Keira running their lips up and down my rigid shaft, as they kissed passionately around it. I could feel both sets of breasts pressed against my legs and they were both holding onto my ass. I didn't want it to end, but I'd been holding off my orgasm for so long that I knew I wouldn't last long. When I felt their lips connect around my glans I knew I was finished. 

"I'm cumming. Get ready," I said. I felt a mouth close over my cock and assumed it was the pretty French teenager's. I felt the cum rise from deep in my balls, travel along the length of my shaft and explode into her mouth. Spurt after spurt after spurt shot out of it and I kept on pumping my hips, moving my cock back and forth between her lips until it was all drained out of my balls. 

Perhaps it was because I was blindfolded so my other senses were heightened. Perhaps it was because there were three girls all licking, kissing and sucking me to orgasm. Whatever the cause, it was one of the most powerful, mind-blowing climaxes of my life. As Keira sucked the final drop from the tip of my cock, my knees gave way and with a groan I collapsed onto the floor, lying on my back.

Then Kate said: "Now kiss him, Keira."

I felt the small girl crawl up my body and then her lips were locked on mine. She opened both our mouths together and I felt my warm, sticky cum slide from her mouth to mine. It didn't taste too unpleasant. I'm not saying it was like a cold beer on a hot day, but it wasn't that bad. A bit strange and a bit salty. The feeling of Keira's soft tongue gliding over mine and her full breasts crushed against my chest also helped to distract me from the thought that I was swallowing my own cum.
