 My Friday night out with the boys had come to basically nothing so after a couple of beers at the pub I decided to call on my girlfriend Nicky who had stayed in that night to study for some upcoming uni exams. When I arrived I was only mildly surprised to find out that the studying had been canned and she was relaxing on the couch watching a movie with one of her mates Sam.

Relaxing is a good way to put it as she was sitting back on the couch dressed only in her pyjamas, covered under a large blanket sipping on a nice glass of white wine.

Sam had the other end of the couch, shared the same blanket, her own glass of white and also appeared in a nice little silk pullover that had the straps going over the shoulder and I could only guess would have come down to just below her waist.

Nicky's taste in pyjamas was quite similar and as I had bought her silk number I knew for certain that the waist would only just be covered.

They invited me to join them so after I topped up their glasses and got one of my own I settled down in the only position left on the couch, the middle.

I'd been seeing Nicky for about a year now and at 20 years of age we were both going through that really interesting process of learning the joys of sex -- together. Nicky had a great appetite for our love making and together we had become quite adventurous in understanding each others bodies and what really gave us pleasure. It helped that I found Nicky to be about the sexiest girl I'd ever seen and could explore her body for hours on end. While maybe not traditionally sexy Nicky had one of those great curvy bodies and a gorgeous face that turned heads wherever we went. 

Sam on the other hand was what you would call traditionally sexy. She'd done some part time modelling and wouldn't have looked out of place on a cover of a magazine. She was also a lot of fun and had a pretty wicked sense of humour which made her great to have a joke with. I was beginning to be pretty happy my night hadn't gone as originally planned.

As I sat back I cuddled up a bit closer to Nicky and placed my hand on her leg just running it up the inside of her thigh. Whilst I mentioned earlier that we had been adventurous, one thing we did enjoy doing was just touching each other up a little bit in situations that might not have been so appropriate or maybe might see us get caught. It was never much, just a little brush of the hand or a rub here or there. With this in mind I took the opportunity under the blanket to explore a little further.

With the movie playing and the couple on screen enjoying a bit of passion themselves, I became a bit surprised to find that Nicky wasn't wearing any underwear. Under the blanket and with Nicky complying by spreading her legs a bit, it made it quite easy for my fingers to find the lips of her pussy and lightly touch her where I knew she liked best. I wasn't all that surprised to find a fair amount of wetness there and further exploration left me convinced that Nicky was sufficiently aroused by my attentions. With all this happening it was no surprise that I myself had developed a rock hard erection trying its best to burst its way through my football shorts.

By this stage the 3 of us weren't really concentrating on the movie and had begun chatting and laughing about all those usual inane things.

Sam had been single now for about 3 months and as often happened with her the conversation moved to sex. Unusually for her the problem this time was not getting any and she openly complained at her frustrations -- which she said for a girl her age was unacceptable. I joked that she needed to get better at helping herself out and she laughed saying that was not a problem.

With all this talk it was perhaps opportune that at that moment the two female stars of the movie embraced in the sort of overwhelming passion often portrayed in the movies. Taking the chance I told Sam maybe she needed to find herself a girlfriend. Sam being Sam replied that in her current state she was willing to try anything and besides, from what she was told, women make better lovers anyway.

So here I was touching up my girlfriend under a blanket on the couch next to another extremely sexy girl who openly said she was hot for it and not afraid to talk about it. To make matters worse (or better) Nicky had managed to slip her had down my pants and rest it on my now extremely hard penis giving it a rhythmic kind of squeeze throughout the conversation.

I took the chance to further joke with Sam and argued that whoever told her women made better lovers needed a stern talking to and maybe some sort of test to see whether that was indeed true.

In my own bold way I declared that nothing beats a hard penis and a willing male. Sam shot back a "wanna bet" retort and I of course said "yes" wondering what on earth that bet could be. 

Sam is not one to back down so said right up front -- "I bet you I could please Nicky better than you could, winner takes all."

Winner takes all!! What does that mean? Nicky was starting to absolutely squirm under my fingers and I knew that if this carried on she would orgasm right there. But Nicky being Nicky butted in and said, "hang on Sam, you're the one who says she needs the pleasure so why don't Mike and I take up the challenge. If Mike wins the bet we are his slaves for the night and if you win, you have us to do whatever you want."

I couldn't believe my ears, Nicky was agreeing to share me with her best friend in some sort of contest to see who could pleasure her the most, but again she set the rules saying -- "I'm the one who gets to say exactly what we do during the contest" -- meanwhile she gave my cock an extra hard squeeze.

It was all I could do not to cum right then as Sam agreed and Nicky started taking charge.

"First things first we head into the bedroom," she said.

Once there Nicky started in her role as the boss and told Sam to stand at the edge of the bed. "Stand next to her Mike and give her a kiss, let's get this competition started. I'm going to set a timer on each thing that we do and reckon that 2 minutes each should be enough. At the end of the 2 minutes -- Sam declares the best and we add up the scores when I say we are done." I reluctantly (joking) stood in front of Sam and bent down to give her a nice passionate kiss. Her mouth reached up to mine and before too long we were lost in a passionate kiss. Sam was a great kisser and being the forward type of girl she is reached around to my bum and pulled me in so my erection was pressing right against her. I reciprocated by reaching under her pyjamas to find with some surprise that she was without any undies either, so started slowly massaging her bum as our mouths met. For the full two minutes Sam ground her body into my erection and it was all too soon that Nicky called time.

At this point it was Nicky's turn and the 2 girls kind of giggled as they lined up and started to give each other a tender kiss. This was without doubt the most erotic sight I'd ever seen as I watched my girlfriend and her best mate kissing in their skimpy little lingerie numbers. Nicky had reached around with one hand to pull Sam against her and Sam's sex rested nicely on Nicky's left thigh. Rested might be the wrong word as Nicky helped her rub her naked pussy against her and with her other hand reach up and squeeze her breast. I recognised the move as one of my own and was impressed by Nicky's ability to do to Sam what I had done with her on countless occasions. Many times Nicky could get off on my thigh and if the clock hadn't beeped for 2 minutes Sam may have as well. As they pulled apart Sam looked at me and apologised. "Nicky's got that one Mike, I'm sorry that's one nil -- I could almost cum like that."

I laughed and protested that Nicky had stolen my move which relaxed the scene a bit and reminded us all that this was a fun moment between really good friends.

"Alright" Nicky said. "Sam lie on the bed face down and Mike will give you a nice massage, but you have to remover your clothes for this one." Sam had no problems with that call but insisted that we had to do the same.

With the dim lighting of the room I watched as both of them removed their clothes and Nicky then lent over to remove my shorts, squeezing my cock during the process.

Sam then lay face down on the bed and I was treated to the absolute beauty of her naked body lying down in front of me.

I knelt beside her grabbing some baby oil and first massaging her gorgeous shoulders and arms. I didn't spend long there as I worked my way down her body consciously making sure my protruding manhood didn't touch her at any stage as if thinking she might get offended. I worked my way down to her bum and legs and Sam helped direct my way by opening her legs slightly and allowing me to work my way inside her thighs. It was obvious that this was where she liked best so for the next however long I massaged her inner thighs lightly touching her pubic hair as I made my way to the underside of her beautiful ass, being rewarded by a slight moan escaping Nicky's lips.

Again 2 minutes was up far too soon and I retreated giving Sam the chance to work her magic. Significantly more forthcoming than I was she sat above Sam's bum, her pussy spreading over her mounds. She grabbed the baby oil and instead of sprinkling it over Sam's back, poured it over the front of herself and rubbed a significant amount on her breast and stomach. She then proceeded to rub her breasts all over Sam's back in what could only be described as a full body massage. They were both slippery enough that Nicky was able to start at Sam's feet and rub herself all the way up to the top of Sam's body. Sam was obviously enjoying this and squirmed slightly underneath. The next time up Sam had spread her legs quite widely and Nicky stopped just below her bum rubbing her ample breasts in between Sam's legs whilst kissing her bum and rubbing her pussy all over one of Sam's calves. I'm not sure who was getting the most pleasure out of this and again realised that doing this for too much longer could make Nicky herself cum all over Sam's leg. Nicky then began to concentrate her kisses inside Sam's legs and with her nose in the middle of Sam's bum cheeks began rubbing her tongue along the inside of Sam's bum. Another one of my favourite moves! I was soon realising that I myself had actually taught Sam a lot about pleasuring women. Sam could now barely contain herself and raised her bum to give Nicky better access which she made the most of by licking intently as she rubbed her pussy against Sam's legs. I'd actually stopped the clock enjoying this glorious sight before deciding that it was time to move on and calling an end to both their immediate pleasure. 

Again Sam looked at me and apologised. "Sorry Mike, but that was heaven, that's 2 nil." I wasn't sorry, this was unbelievable!

Nicky once more took charge and instructed Sam to lie on her back. "It's the frontal massage now, only rule is no penetration and no direct contact with the clitoris."

Sam tried to protest, she definitely wanted clitoral contact but Nicky was the boss.

Again I grabbed the baby oil and taking Nicky's lead sat myself above Sam's pussy, my cock jutting out with a life of its own. Sam took the chance to give it a quick rub but Nicky sternly told her that was against the rules.

I poured the baby oil all over Sam's large breasts and massaged her until her nipples looked like they could puncture a tyre. I leaned over and took her nipple in my mouth as I reached behind her with my other hand and gently stroked her pussy lips. Starting to be slightly selfish I mover further up and placed my cock between her breasts slowing fucking her tits while the head of my cock finished just below her mouth. She assisted by lowering her head and allowing my cock to touch her lips and outreached tongue on the upward stroke. I was still able to lean back and gently touch her pussy lips which were glistening with her pleasure. Whilst this wasn't purely for her pleasure the look on her face told me she was thoroughly enjoying close access to my penis and she ended up sucking my cock gently into her mouth.

What started as gentle sucking quickly progressed to a fully fledged blow job as she used her hands to draw my cock further and further into her mouth.

In my short number of years I've found that there are girls that 'give' blow jobs and girls that 'enjoy giving' blow jobs. Well, Sam was definitely the latter as the combination of my fingers between her legs and my cock in her mouth really got her moving.

To make things a bit more interesting I threw Nicky's rule book out the window and inserted 2 of my fingers into Sam's dripping pussy with a lazy thumb further stimulating her clit. This threw her into a state and she started riding my hand with a real intensity. It was Nicky who put a stop to Sam's impending orgasm by calling time, pleasing neither of us all that much -- but then who is going to start whinging.

Nicky begged Sam to let her get off and Sam with a smile relented saying "okay, the next phase is no holds barred, one at a time but I'm going first".

My first thought was one of disappointment as I knew that Nicky could have her orgasming in seconds but I knew Nicky too well and realised she would be setting me up for the finale and ensuring I won the competition. That's love eh!!

I sat up the top of the bed next to Sam's head and Sam immediately grabbed my cock with her hand giving it a sexy squeeze. Nicky meanwhile went down between Sam's legs and began licking the inside of her pussy. I watched with interest as to how Sam responded to the different areas Nicky explored. With Nicky's tongue inside her pussy and her fingers on her clit Sam was in heaven and moaning beautifully. With Nicky's fingers in her pussy and her mouth sucking Sam's clit -- Sam was somewhere above heaven and whimpering with full on pleasure. When Nicky bent down and put her tongue on Sam's ass, her thumb in her pussy and her fingers on her clit, Sam went absolutely crazy. She basically grabbed my cock, pulling me on top of her and started sucking me off like a wild woman. I knew now, what my winning moves would be and again just as poor Sam started an impending orgasm, Nicky pulled away from her and we both watched as Sam's whole body quivered with excitement.

It was clear she was in no mood for any slowing down so I went straight to work. I told Nicky to sit on Sam's face knowing full well that Sam enjoyed the 'dirty?' joy of sucking someone off while getting licked. I bent down and immediately placed 2 fingers in Sam's beautiful pussy and drew her clit right into my mouth. I covered it entirely and sucked it a little less than gently while rolling my tongue over the top of her clit. This had Sam bucking my fingers strongly, lifting my mouth up and down with her rhythm while she licked and sucked Nicky's pussy and Nicky facing me squeezed Sam's tits, herself close to coming.

I pulled my fingers out and replaced them with my thumb, taking my well lubricated forefinger and pushing it lightly against Sam's bum. This provoked a different sort of movement as it became obvious that Sam's ass was inviting my finger in. I didn't immediately comply teasing her entrance gently but as soon as I was sure she was right on orgasm I inserted my finger into her bum. This sudden entrance pushed her over the edge and she entered into the strongest multiple orgasm phase I ever considered possible. 

Her whole lower body convulsed over my thumb, forefinger and mouth. Her breasts seemed to push themselves further into Nicky's hands and her mouth just attached itself to Nicky's clit as Nicky ground herself right on Sam's face.

I kept going as her first strong orgasm seemed to last forever. As soon as it was over another seemed to shake Sam right to her core. When that subsided and the third orgasm arrived it was Nicky as well who found herself cumming all over Sam's face, lost in her own intense experience.

As they slowly calmed, both Nicky and I pulled ourselves off Sam and lay down with her on her back between us. She was still shaking slightly with extremely red cheeks and a shortness of breath.

She took one look at me and just said: 'You won'.