 Hello. I've been hoping for a chance to tell you this story. My name is Andre, and I'm a city planner for a small town out west. I love my job, but every now and then I need a major break from the pressure. Maybe you know the feeling. What works best for me is to get out into the wilderness, where the loudest noise is the breeze in the pine boughs, and time runs much more slowly. 

The local community center has a bulletin board where people sign up for hiking trips. I enjoy going out in a small group, where I can meet new people. The people that go on these excursions are usually very laid-back, contemplative types, but there are exceptions.

I signed up for a trip to Bishop's Crater, which is a big volcanic formation, not tall enough to be considered a mountain by western U.S. standards, but a good day's hike. On the appointed day, we gathered in the center's parking lot well before sunrise, quietly drinking coffee out of thermoses. We were listening to the faraway call of the Amtrak train, and other occasional, solitary sounds that are normally hidden by the daytime din of the city. 

We had agreed to carpool for the two hour trip to the trailhead. Some might say we were conserving energy and saving the earth from global warming or global cooling or whatever, but just between you and me, we only wanted some company during the long drive.

I wound up sharing an SUV belonging to Ralph Klemperer, a high school math teacher who was also the designated leader for our expedition. With us rode the Carleton twins, Donna and Shawna, who were shy young high school gals, blond and a little tomboyish, wearing green and yellow baseball caps respectively. They had apparently taken one of Ralph's algebra classes. We made our way quickly through the city, which was fast asleep on a pre-dawn Sunday morning and offered little resistance in the way of traffic. Soon we were on the highway to the mountains.

Before long we were riding up into the foothills, where an occasional dwelling looked forlorn in the light of the waning moon. The twins didn't seem too talkative, so Ralph gave us a little presentation about the upcoming hike, and then asked whether we would mind if he put on some classical music. None of us minded, so he put on a symphony that he said was conducted by a distant relative of his. We listened as we watched the dark scenery around us begin to acquire mysterious highlights of gray.

We gained elevation steadily, and soon we saw nothing but trees around us. Around the time the sun began to come up, the road grew narrower and twistier, and the progress was slower. But after another 45 minutes, we pulled off the road into an unpaved parking lot where a sign said "Bishop's Crater Trailhead." The red dome of the crater peeped above the forested hills around us. We were the first to arrive, but after another 15 minutes, the other two vehicles had arrived and we were ready to hike.

We made a round of introductions. In addition to myself, Ralph and the twins, there were Mattie and Lucille, two grandmotherly types; Arnie and Heather Thompson and their young boys, Evan and Peter; Leonard, a weatherbeaten old fellow who was a regular on these journeys and had evidently been a serious mountaineer in earlier times; and last but not least, Amy and Josie. Amy and Josie were buddies, and they could have been in their 30s -- it was hard to tell, because whatever they were, they were both vivacious and in fine shape. Josie, the taller of the two, was particularly blessed with luscious hips and bosom, and when she introduced herself to me, it seemed like her smile was just a notch too bright for the circumstances. I'm six feet tall and fit. I have curly black hair with just a little gray around the temples. Evidently I met with her approval.

The sun was all the way up by now, and bright shafts of sunlight fell through the gaps between the tall pine and fir trees. The temperature was rising. I left my coat in the car, staying with my green T shirt, hiking shorts and boots. Josie asked me, "Do you think it will be hot today?," and I answered in the affirmative. She gave me the too-bright smile again and pulled her Steely Dan sweatshirt over her head, leaving her dressed in a turquoise sports bra and a short denim skirt. The sports bra looked sturdy; it would have to be, because her breasts were bountiful indeed, and looked like they wanted to escape confinement.

We both donned our day packs and headed up the trail with the others. The Thompson family took off like a pack of racehorses, leaving the rest of us to hike at a more leisurely pace up the trail through the woods. The air was dry and motionless; the loudest sound was the light crunching of our boots against the trail, and the occasional faint whirring of a hummingbird going by. Ralph and Leonard went first, followed by Mattie and Lucille, who despite their years were quite spry. Bringing up the rear were myself, Amy, Josie, and the twins. The twins frequently stopped to examine things along the trail, like a purple patch of Lupines that extended up the hill to the left of us. Perhaps they were budding naturalists. At any rate, they began to lag behind.

Amy wore sunglasses and a broad-brimmed hat over her short dark hair, to protect her fair complexion. Josie on the other hand was hatless and tanned, with a hint of rose in her neck and shoulders, like she had overdone a recent exposure to the sun. Her shoulder-length hair was wavy and café au lait in color. After a few minutes on the trail, We began to chat. Josie said she was on vacation from Wisconsin. I told her that I had gone to school in Madison, and that Wisconsin was a lovely state, but it had no mountains worth mentioning. Josie gave me a haughty smile, and then conceded the point. The ladies began cheerfully grilling me about my background, my job, and what have you, and in retrospect I now realize that they very casually extracted from me the information that I was single. Soon thereafter Amy announced her intention to catch up to the others ahead of us, leaving me to walk the trail with Josie, with the twins dawdling somewhere down the hill.

Josie reached both her arms up to adjust the shoulder straps on her pack, causing her breasts to strain mightily against her sports bra. "So, Andre," she said, continuing to adjust her straps, "you really go for this nature stuff, don't you?"

"I guess you could say that," I replied, trying not to stare. Those straps just wouldn't seem to adjust properly. We were crossing a broad meadow, and a stream was gurgling somewhere just out of sight. High overhead, a Red-Tailed Hawk was gliding majestically, patiently waiting to spot his prey on the ground below.

"Can I tell you a secret?" Josie asked, shooting me a mischievous grin.

"Sure," I replied, perhaps a bit apprehensively.

"I'm 100% natural myself," she said, the grin growing ever more mischievous. The stream was visible now, at the far side of the meadow. We walked a little further, through a blaze of red-orange Indian Paintbrush flowers on either side of the trail.

"Natural how?" I inquired. The trail had reached the edge of the stream, and now turned to follow it uphill, out of the meadow and back into the trees. The shade was pleasantly cool. Josie stepped a little closer to me and took my arm as we walked.

"I mean," she said with the warmest of smiles, "in my personal grooming." I must have looked a bit inquisitive. "I don't shave, is what I mean. Do you like that?"

I realized what she meant and swallowed. "Yes, I guess I do." I glanced over my shoulder to make sure the twins were not in earshot. They were nowhere to be seen. The trail was empty ahead of us as well.

Josie squeezed my arm and smiled some more. "So, hairy women excite you?"

I allowed myself to smile back, saying, "Yes, I'll have to confess that they do."

"There now, doesn't it feel good to confess?" She licked her smiling lips for emphasis.

We had reached a flat stretch of trail. "Hang on a second," said Josie, and as we came to a halt, she reached for me, pulling me down to kiss her. She opened her mouth wide, her tongue gliding lazily over mine. My cock sprang to attention. The kiss continued, sweet and so voluptuous. Meanwhile, she took my hand and guided it up under her skirt, placing it upon her panties. Her panties were decidedly wet, and the natural wonder beneath them felt swollen under my hand. She kissed me harder, moving her hips provocatively.

Just then I heard the sound of the twins in the distance, quietly discussing something as they advanced up the trail. I saw disappointment in Josie's eyes as I broke off the kiss and whispered, "We'll get in trouble."

"Really?" she asked, with an ironic grin. "Go ahead," she said, "I'll catch up to you in a second." I shrugged lightly and continued around a bend in the trail. A moment later Josie caught up with me again and put something in my hand. It was her burgundy-colored panties. I looked back, and not seeing the twins, I pressed the wet panties to my face, then turned to Josie to see her smiling eagerly. The pine-laced mountain air was mixed with the scent of Josie's pussy in my nostrils as I placed the panties in my pocket. Then we continued to hike.

I tried to make conversation with Josie as I hiked awkwardly along with a full erection. The trail diverged from the creek, and climbed a ridge to the left. Up ahead, we saw Mattie and Lucille resting on a log along the trail. I hoped that they were too old to notice the bulge in my pants. If they noticed, they were too polite to show it, and they waved cheerily at us as we passed them. As we got about forty yards further up the trail, we could hear Donna and Shawna catching up to the two elderly ladies, and they sounded like they had stopped to engage in a conversation. Their voices faded into the distance as we continued onward.

Before long we came to a shady stretch of trail with some big fir trees alongside it. Grinning, Josie darted off the trail behind a big tree. I followed her around it and saw her standing with her face flushed, her sports bra pulled up over her fabulous breasts, and her fingers pinching her big nipples. I stood in front of her and watched, as she looked back at me and smiled broadly. Finally I stepped forward to kiss her again, and as our tongues met in a wet greeting she guided my hand once again up under her skirt. Her now-naked pussy was sopping, and I could feel her abundant pubic hair tickling my wrist as I traced her opening with my fingertips. She broke free from our incendiary kiss to whisper to me, "Would you like to see?" I nodded.

Locking her eyes to mine, she leaned back against the fir tree and unzipped the zipper which ran up the front of her denim skirt. Her legs were slightly bent and her thighs parted, so as she parted her skirt I could see her plump pussy lips and big, swollen clit, with her chestnut-colored bush spilling down the tops of her damp thighs. She smiled wickedly, and slowly, very slowly dipped her second finger into her cunt, after which she slowly,slowly teased her clit with it. I was beside myself with lust, when we once again heard voices approaching from down the hill. "Damn!" I said softly.

Reluctantly, Josie covered herself, then stepped forward to give me another quick and passionate kiss. As she did so, she squeezed my rigid cock through my pants, moaning wistfully. We stepped back out onto the trail as the voices came closer from down the hill.

We didn't talk at all now, we just trudged along in an agitated state of unslaked lust. Josie noticed I was walking uncomfortably and gave my bulging pants a knowing look. Then she put one hand up under her skirt and brought it back out again to sensuously insert two fingers, drenched with pussy juice, into my hungry mouth. I didn't want her to take them out. Up ahead, I could hear the stream again, and as we came around a bend in the trail, a lovely waterfall came into view. It roared melodiously as we approached it. An idea was forming in my mind. "Let's go over and have a closer look," I said.

We clambered down some rocks to the creek-bed, and made our way along the stream until we reached the little pool at the bottom of the falls. Again we precariously traversed some rocks to get to the falls itself, and as I had suspected, the years of erosion had hollowed out a little cave behind the tumbling waters. "Follow me," I said. "Carefully. It's slippery." We passed through a cloud of spray from the falls and came safely through on the other side, behind the curtain of falling water. The sunlight was filtered by the roaring cascade, producing subdued, romantic lighting in our little retreat. There was an ethereal, refreshing mist in the air. "I think we might have some privacy here," I said.

"You think so?" said Josie, grinning from ear to ear. She found a comfortable patch of mossy ground and sat down. Then, seductively, she began to remove her clothing, starting with her day pack, then the hiking boots and socks, then the sports bra, and finally the skirt. She struck a provocative pose and began to stroke her inner thighs with both hands. As she was undressing, I had taken my camera out of my pack. She saw me do it, and offered no objection. In fact, when I began aiming it at her as she reached full nakedness, it seemed to inspire her to put on more of a show. Her legs were splayed obscenely. One hand was teasing a nipple, and the other was teasing her clit, and she was all smiles.

I couldn't take it anymore. I put the camera away, and began to remove my own clothing. The hiking shorts were the last to go; when my cock jumped into view, Josie purred, "Ooh! I love it!" As I approached her patch of moss, she rose to her knees, and I dropped to mine. I took her in my arms, giving her a passionate kiss, feeling her big tits push against my chest. She seized my cock with both hands and stroked it with exquisite slowness as our kiss continued. Then she broke the kiss and said in a deep, husky voice, "What would you like me to do for you?"

That was an easy one. "I'd like you to cum in my mouth," I replied.

Josie giggled and said, "I should warn you that I squirt when I cum."

"In that case, I'd really like you to cum in my mouth."

"Do I get to have you cum in my mouth, too?" She continued her maddening caress of my cock.

"Sure, why not."

"I hope you have a lot of cum for me."

"I'm sure I do, after all that teasing you've been giving me."

"What do you mean, teasing! I was ready to fuck you right there on the trail!"

"Well, we don't want to corrupt any minors, now, do we?"

"Speak for yourself," Josie rejoined with a grin. 

"Lie down," I said.

She did. I paused for a moment to admire her. Her breasts were big and soft, with her nipples jutting up. She had wide, womanly hips and ample thighs, which were spread to expose her thick, rose-colored pussy lips and clit, all framed by an abundant corona of wet pubic hair. There was nothing childish about this woman; I wanted to devour her.

However, I decided to delay my gratification just a little longer. I straddled her waist and began to knead her soft breasts with my hands, feeling the rough texture of her nipples against my palms, letting my cock rub against her belly. Then I rose to my knees and began to rub my cock and balls all over her tits. She moaned and tried to capture my cock between them, and I finally let her do it for just a moment. I thrust my cock between them a few times, and then backed away so that I might take one nipple and then another in my mouth, sucking and then nipping them. Josie responded by wrapping her legs around my back and rubbing her wet cunt against my belly. I knew at that moment that I had to have that cunt in my mouth.

I moved down between Josie's legs, admiring her lovely pussy from close range, and began to lap up the pussy juice from her inner thighs. She moaned softly and began slowly bucking her hips. Her cunt smelled hot and exciting. I began to tease her labia with my tongue, and then I dragged it along her opening and inserted it deep into her core, reveling in her taste. Josie put both hands on my head, pulling me close, and began to grind her pussy against my face. I opened my mouth wide and captured her clit, lazily caressing it with my tongue, as her hip motion became more urgent. But I didn't want her to cum just yet. 

I rose to my feet and helped her to her knees. In a flash she was rubbing her face against my cock and balls, inhaling my scent. "Oh, you don't know how much I want to taste your big cock," she whispered hoarsely, and then my cock was in her mouth, in her throat, in fact, and Josie was sucking it with real hunger. It was a most blissful sensation, and I felt an orgasm building, so I took my cock away from her. "Wait!" she cried, "I want your cum in my mouth!" 

"You'll get your turn, gorgeous -- I'll let you taste it soon," I promised, and pushed her back down on the moss.

"Hold on," she said. "You lie down." She said it with such authority that I did not hesitate. I lay on my back, idly stroking my cock, and she stood above me with her big smile before stepping closer. She looked down at me, licked her lips, and then slowly straddled my face. She began to rub her cunt all over my mouth, moaning little incoherent instructions to me as I alternated between sucking her big clit and thrusting my tongue up into her, letting her fuck my face. I opened my eyes for a moment, and I could see her fingers working her nipples. Now she was trying to slow herself down, her hip motions becoming stronger and more deliberate. But then she began to speed up again. She was losing control. I heard her say, "I'm gonna cum soon... I'm gonna cum in your mouth... are you ready?" I groaned with pleasure. She groaned louder in response, and thrust her pussy against my wide-open mouth once, twice, three times, and then on the fourth time she gushed. As I frantically tried to lap up every drop, Josie made a sound like a lady cat in a romantic mood, with her hips trembling. Then she gasped, "Remember, you promised me lots of cum," and turned around into the 69 position.

We fit together perfectly. I could adore every fold and crevice of her gaping, swollen cunt with my mouth and tongue, and she was swallowing my cock to the hilt, letting it stifle her passionate cries. I wanted this to go on forever, but I could not ignore the fact that my orgasm was approaching like a runaway train. I began to moan with lust and thrust my cock into her mouth, letting her know what was in store, and we sucked each other with ever-greater passion until I began to spurt copiously into her mouth. Within seconds she drenched my face with another gusher of cum, as I continued with spasm after spasm of my own.

After some time had passed, she rolled off me onto the moss. "That was delicious," she said, "I could do that all day." Josie leaned over to take my cock in her mouth one more time, in case she had missed any of my semen. Then she said, "we'd better catch up, or they'll call for a search party."

"Oh -- right," I replied. We dressed hurriedly, kissed slowly, and then made our way back up to the trail.

Having satisfied our cravings for the moment, we hiked vigorously and made good time. After ten minutes we emerged from the trees and started up a cinder trail along the side of the crater. To the left was its big, red, treeless dome, and below us to the right was the valley through which we had driven that morning. The cloudless sky was immaculate, except for some unfortunate tendrils of smog creeping up into the valley from the urban area below it. In the distance a commercial jet sketched a gradual trail across the heavens. 

We could see what appeared to be Mattie and Lucille a few hundred yards ahead, and we gained quickly on them. They were relieved to learn that they were not the slowest hikers, and we were relieved to learn that we wouldn't have to come up for some explanation for being separated from the rest of the expedition. As a result, we got along famously with the elderly gals, and thirty minutes later we were coming up on the crater's rim, under the dizzying blue vault of the mountain sky.
