 The Conclusion-

Polly bit her lips and looked hesitant, so I caressed her shoulder and said "You're with friends and no judging is going to happen here. We're honored to be asked to help fulfill a deep desire of yours, Polly."

She took a deep breath and said "Would you and Jack DP me? I've had fingers and toys in my pussy and ass at the same time, but they were really slim and I've always wanted a couple to make me theirs. I'm worried about it because I'm small, so if I say stop please do, ok?"

Jack said "I'll be patient and gentle. Lube and patience should be all we need to make this a fun time for all of us."

Polly seemed relieved and I was very proud of that man of mine. He is a very giving and caring lover.

I positioned myself up on the bed with my legs hanging off slightly and Polly lowered herself over the dildo nice and slow. I loved looking into her face as she dropped down onto that strap on. She worked her hips and ground down on it. I saw Jack reach a lubed hand to her ass and begin to get her ass nice and slick. Polly moaned a bit as his finger entered her ass. I know from experience Jack can take his time and is careful to be very thorough when lubing up for anal. He worked his finger in and out and Polly was really starting to enjoy herself.

Jack put one leg between my knees and one leg on the outside of my leg. He slowly pushed Polly down onto the dildo and her perky little tits were pressed against my chest. It felt wonderful. I felt Polly tense up a bit and whispered to her to relax, it'll be fine.

Jack then began to slide his cock into her ass. Jack moved nice and slow...pausing to let Polly adjust to him. I laid still and kissed Polly's neck and caressed her as Jack slid into her deeper. Polly's face was a picture of ecstasy as she had her fantasy of being filled up fulfilled. Goddamn she was sexy!!

Jack was balls deep now and he paused again to let Polly get ready. He asked if she was good and she half panted half whispered yes. Polly then grabbed my shoulders and started fucking us! Jack saw what she was doing and just stayed still. Polly worked herself on the dildo and Jack and was in heaven. Her little tits rubbing against my large tits was hot. Polly was picking up a little speed and really getting off. Jack later told me it was so hot to see her sliding up and down on his cock and on top of me. He said he really had to resist the urge to take over and drive, but just made himself stay still and let her guide the ride.

It did not take but maybe two to three minutes and Polly's tight little ass was making Jack come. I could hear his breathing and new he was getting close and soon he yelled "Shit, I'm coming!" and let out a nice groan.

I saw Polly open her eyes wide when she felt Jack shoot his load in her ass. I half chuckled to myself, figuring it had been a long time since her lover could do that! 

Polly then really began to grind and I could see Jack step back. With Jack no longer in her ass, she fucked me and the dildo good and hard was soon having her own orgasm.

Jack walked up to our faces and kissed us both and said he was going to go clean up. Polly rolled off the dildo, caught her breath, and said "God, thank you!" That was amazing." 

I laughed and stroked her cheek. "Glad to help" I said.

Polly smiled wide and didn't say another word, she just slid down between my legs, pushed and unbuckled the harness. I lifted my hips and she slid it off and then proceeded to eat my pussy like she was starving to death! God damn! She dove right in and goddamn it felt good!! She tongued me nice and deep and then would pull back and suck on my clit. mmm Fuck she is a talented lesbian! 

Jack came walking back in a few minutes later and his cock instantly sprang up when saw the new scene. He walked up to the bed smiling. I tried to say something, but couldn't.

Jack walked up as Polly was really making me squirm with her tongue.

His cock was rising and he had a Cheshire grin. He began fondling my tits as he watched Polly work me over and I reached over and began stroking his cock. 

Next thing I know, Polly had slipped two fingers in me and found my g-spot. She curled up her fingers and I was coming, hard and loud!

I realized as my orgasm was subsiding that I had a death grip on Jack's cock! He didn't seem to mind but I let him go.

I looked down at Polly and she had a big, wet grin and sexily asked "How you feeling?"

I laughed and caught my breath. Jack was still rubbing my shoulders and breasts, smiling. I rolled to my side and pulled his rock hard cock into my mouth and he let out a big groan. I love it when I make him do that!

I felt Polly climbing up beside/over me and she kissed my cheek as I sucked Jack. I let his cock pop out of my mouth and she gave it a nice lick and sucked on the head for bit. I licked down the shaft and gave his balls some attention

Jack was in heaven! We had talked and fantasized about a ffm 3some and he always said he couldn't imagine how good it would feel to have two mouths and tongues on his cock and now he knew!

Polly rolled off and grabbed her glass of wine and took a swig while continued working on Jack with my mouth. I pulled my mouth off his cock and smiled up at him and he smiled back.

He leaned down and said "Why don't you eat Polly some more while I fuck you?"

I smiled and rolled over as Polly sat back down after setting down her wine glass. She edged back up onto the bed and I pulled her ankle out of the way and spread her legs. She took my cue and lay back. I put her legs nice and high into the air and began licking her labia. MMM damn she had a nice musk and taste. 

Jack wasted no time got up behind me on the bed and began rubbing cock along my pussy lips from behind. I arched my ass up to him and he slid into me nice and slow. He kept a slow and steady pace for a while...it was really nice with him inside me and Polly's hands in my hair as I rolled my tongue around her clit...mmm mmm!

Polly began to move so I pulled my face back she flipped herself around and got under me in a 69. She began rubbing my clit and Jack picked up speed and damn if I wasn't building up another orgasm!

Jack just let go and began fucking me with abandon! His hips slapping into my ass always gets me going and Polly is a very skilled girl! 

I came again and before I was done I felt Jack shooting inside me...fuck it was hot!

Polly slipped out from under me and I collapsed on the bed and Jack was right next to me. We all lied there for a while, sweaty and breathing heavy, laughing occasionally. I fell asleep with Polly cuddled up to me and Jack spooning against me on the other side.

We woke up in the middle of the night and decided a nice hot shower was what we needed!

We climbed in together and soaped each other up. It was nice and erotic. Jack ended up holding Polly up while I fingered her to anther orgasm.

We got out, toweled off and Jack and I lay around with Polly for a while on her bed. After she fell asleep we went to her guest room and got into bed. Jack squeezed me tight and asked if I had as much fun as it looked like I did.

I smiled and said "Fuck yes! You enjoyed yourself too didn't you?" 

He smiled and "Thanks baby, this was a lot of fun. You never looked sexier than when you were fucking Polly with her strap on!"

We kissed and climbed into bed and slept like logs...

Great Seattle trip!

We are still friends with Polly although we never played together again. Schedules, life and distance just have never let it come to be again. She is back in an exclusive lesbian relationship and her partner is a great person but not into sharing like we were!