 The thing is, there really weren't any secrets between Harry and I. We had been neighbors, and friends, since Ree and I moved into the neighborhood. Ree and I had been actively participating in the 'Lifestyle' for a few years when we met Harry and Vicki. Admittedly, both Ree and I, when meeting new people, almost always went into 'selection mode' in our heads, wondering if there was a chance of perhaps partying with whoever was the subject of our mind-queries. Sometimes, we hit a home run, sometimes we struck out. Such is life.

A few months after moving into the neighborhood, and becoming friends with Harry and Vicki, Ree and I went to a 'social' at a swinger's club we frequented. We went alone and to our surprise, we saw Harry and Vicki talking with a couple that we knew. They saw us, we saw them, and the smiles on the four of our faces couldn't have been bigger, or, more mischievous. That evening was the first of many sexual adventures that the four of us would share. When I was out of town on business, Ree would join them for some threesome fun, and, Vicki and Ree became lovers on their own, sometimes letting Harry and I enjoy watching the two of them go at each other.

Over the course of several years, Harry would sometimes talk about giving guy-guy sex a try. It wasn't an unknown to me. I had, in the course of swinging activities, had my cock sucked or licked by another guy. I was, then, and probably, still, an advocate of the 'if it feels good...' school. Though I never reciprocated, I did, honestly, think about it. The closest I had ever come was once when involved in a threesome with Ree and a friend of ours. Ree was sitting on the guy's lap, her back to him, as they fucked. He was in an armchair, and as described, she was sitting, naked as a jaybird on his cock, as he pumped into her with abandon. Ree was sucking on me as I stood before her, and after I climaxed, she went back to enjoying his long, thick cock assaulting her willing pussy. On a whim, I knelt between their legs, and as he slammed his dick into her, I began licking her clit, my tongue occasionally feeling his shaft when my tongue rimmed her pussy lips. It was all good.

So, one day, a couple of years after Ree and I divorced, when Harry and I were returning from the hardware store getting some parts for a project, we openly talked about sex, swinging, etc. We did this often, Harry and I, as did the girls, I'm sure. Harry especially liked Ree's oral talents. I concurred then, and, even though we're divorced, I couldn't disagree with him.

"You know," he said, as we drove towards the liquor store for some 'project helper', "just to let you know, if ever you'd want to explore a little fun and games between the two of us, I'd be open to it."

"Where the hell did that come from," I asked, laughing as I said it.

He grinned.

"I'm just saying," letting his statement just 'hang there'.

I was silent, for a while, and then from out of nowhere, I told him about the one time I was 'close' to tasting a cock. I told him, also, about the two or three times that my cock had been sucked by another guy in group sexual situations.

"How was it?" Harry asked, nonchalantly.

"The worse blowjob I've ever had, Harry, was absolutely marvelous," I responded, and we both laughed, taking a bit of the tension out of the car.

"You never know, Harry, you just never know," I said.

Harry just glanced over towards me, smiled, and almost imperceptibly, nodded his head in agreement with my statement.

I remained close friends with Harry and Vicki after Ree and I divorced, and she with Vicki. I had joined them in some sexual threesomes after our divorce, and I'm sure, Ree did as well, though they never mentioned it. They kept their friendship with us, as singles now, true to each, not picking sides. A good thing, in my view, and I respected them for it.

Harry and I returned to their place and inside of an hour, the project was done, and done right the first time, amazingly enough. Just another reason to celebrate, and we did, the rum bolstered by some excellent herb that Vicki had rolled for us as a reward. As we worked on the project, Harry had told Vicki of our conversation in the car. As I said earlier, we had no secrets from each other when it came to sex. Vicki confided, once before, when she and I were catching our breath from a furious fucking session, that, sometimes, when she and Harry were fucking, that she'd fuck him in the ass with one of her dildoes. Wasn't my thing, to be sure, but, hey, whatever floats your boat is alright with me. 

So, this night, after partaking of too much rum and herb, Vicki casually suggested that the three of us hit their hot tub, and the suggestion was greeted with enthusiasm by both Harry and I. We all headed downstairs to the basement and quickly, the three of us were naked and in the tub. Been there, done that before, so it was comfortable.

Never bashful, Vicki, sitting between us, soon had our cocks in each of her hands, slowly, sensually, "priming the pump," as she used to say. I laid my head on the edge of the tub and enjoyed her manipulation of my manhood, closed my eyes and drifted into the moment. After several minutes, her hand was joined by her mouth, slowly, the warmth of her mouth and tongue, making my cock even harder.

"Damn, Vick, but that feels good," I said, my eyes still closed, but my breathing becoming increasingly more rapid as my climax built.

"I'm glad," I heard her say, but her voice was in my ear, not from between my legs. Taking a stoned moment to process this, I quickly realized that she couldn't be sitting next to me, whispering in my ear, when her mouth was still sucking my cock! Fucking Einstein is what I am.

Opening my eyes, I turned to my side and looked into Vicki's eyes. Looking down, that wonderful blowjob I was receiving was being administered by my friend, Harry.

Did I pass out? How did I not perceive the fact that he had moved between my legs? How did I not grasp that? Was I that fucking stoned?

Seeing the confusion on my face, Vicki stopped me from obsessing about this situation by getting on her knees on the seat we shared in the hot tub and placing a breast to my lips. Vicki's breasts are smallish, with wonderful nipples that are perfect for sucking and nibbling. She removed her hand from my cock, placing it behind my head, slowly pulling me towards her as I swallowed more and more of her breast, my tongue dancing on her rock-hard nipple. Vicki is small; 5'2" and "maybe", 105 lbs, soaking wet. In sexual situations, she is incredibly limber and flexible, thus, after a few moments of sucking her breasts, I was able to pull her up and over my reclined head. Her knees slid smoothly on the wet decking, allowing me to pull her very tasty pussy down to my waiting mouth and tongue. I am an oralist, plain and simple. I totally got into the moment, savoring Vicki's smell and tastes while enjoying, what was turning out to be, a very good blowjob.

Harry's on the smaller side, as well; 5'6", 140 lbs. or so. I've been blessed with a nice sized cock, thankfully, but its girth was giving Harry some difficulty. He was only able to get about half of me into his mouth, but it was enough. As he worked his mouth and tongue over my dick, I was burying my face in his wife's tasty crotch, much to her enjoyment, judging by her vocal responses to my attentions.

Vicki began her climax, which only served to spring forth my own. She and I climaxed at the same time, her in my mouth, me in her husband's mouth and throat, which he gamely, dare I say, eagerly, took down with noisy gulps, between breathes.

Silently, she got off of my face, and sat down on the seat, next to me, in the hot tub. Harry, silently, flicked his tongue over the head of my cock and swiped the last bit of juice from its head, and took a seat, next to Vicki.

None of us said a word.

Vicki got out of the tub, dried off, and said she'd be back after she cleaned up a bit, and rolled us another joint. Both Harry and I just looked at her, nodding our acknowledgment.

As my eyes returned to the blank wall across from my seat, I saw that Harry was erect. He is smaller-dicked than I am, the tip of his cock barely breaking water as he sat in the tub.

And just that fast, as quickly as it entered into my head, I acted upon it.

Moving to my knees, in front of Harry as he simply watched with a slight smile on his lips, I spread his legs and lowered my head. For his part, Harry raised his ass so that he could place his hands underneath it in order to raise his cock further out of the water.

With no hesitation, I took him into my mouth, savoring the taste of a cock for the first time. It was curious; foreign, yet exciting to me. I sucked slowly, at first, increasing my actions as I became excited by this new 'thing.' I played my tongue across and around his cock as I sucked. The taste and texture of his hard dick becoming intoxicating to me, getting me excited and bringing life back to my own cock. The more I sucked, the more of him I was able to swallow until his entirety was in my mouth, my lips brushing against his pubic hair as my head moved up and down his shaft. I slipped my hands under his ass to lift him more. He placed his hands on my head, rubbing through my hair as I sucked his cock. Suddenly, he tensed and tightened his hands on my head, as he exploded his cum into my mouth. It surprised me when it hit the back of my throat, but I swallowed, savoring the taste as it slid down my throat, and sucked the rest of his climax, until there was no more.

I lifted my head, and saw Vicki standing at the door, fresh doobie in one hand, her other hand, slowly massaging her pussy, a smile on her face.

"His cum tastes good, doesn't it?" she said, climbing into the tub to rejoin us.

"Well, since the only other man's cum I've ever tasted was from a freshly-fucked pussy when I was eating it, I'd have to say the taste is different, but not in a bad way," I responded as I stood, my own erection quite evident. 

Vicki reached out with her lips and kissed its tip and said, "Let's do this doobie, then dry off and head to the bedroom so we can put that large dick of yours to good use."

"Am I invited, too?" Harry questioned, half-jokingly.

"Oh yeah, sweetie," She said, "I'm going to fuck you guys until one of us says 'Uncle."

It turned out to be Vicki who cried Uncle first. She took a turn with each of us, one at a time, while the other guy watched. But then she wanted us both at the same time, me in her pussy, Harry in her ass. She mounted me, taking me deep into her pussy, then, laid on top of me so that Harry could slide into her ass. We began fucking, quickly getting into a rhythm, Vicki screaming in ecstasy as the three of us climaxed with seconds of each other.

"No mas," She said softly as she lay on top of me, catching her breath. Harry had pulled out of her and was in the bathroom cleaning up.

"Thank you for allowing Harry to suck you," she said, "He's talked about doing that to you since the first time he saw you naked," laughing, as she said it.

"I'd be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy it, and sucking on him as well," I replied, honestly.

"I've thought about it over the years, wondering and all, but never felt comfortable enough with other guys to even attempt it." "With Harry, well, with Harry it's different, but I think you know that."

"Yeah, I do, but thanks again," she responded.

I dragged myself to my car and my apartment around two in the morning. Thinking about the evening, as I drove, I came to the inescapable conclusion that, in the end, I'm a hedonist.

I can live with that.