 Thg is is the story written by my sex buddy Lynne about our first indulgence in to group sex and what a beautiful introduction it was too... 

All events are true but names have been changed to protect the guilty!!!

The Sunday we met Brian and Belinda was full of apprehension and nerves. What in Gods name were we doing, was this a good thing for a relationship, was it abnormal, were we kinky??? All of those questions and more flew through our minds and emotions. John was in love with me I knew that but the questions still played on my mind. He too was as nervous as a kitten and wondered if we where doing the right thing.

Still we set off with the thought that if we did not like the people all we had to do was say goodnight and goodbye. I had no idea what to expect nor, was I sexually excited in any way. Fear and self-consciousness were the primary emotions. For John, I had no fear. He is a very attractive, highly sexed man that exuded a sexual power and magnetism that I had seen only in very few men. Yes, I guess he needed also to be appreciated by other women, but in my mind he did not have a trouble in the world.

We arrived at a very nice home situated on Sydney's Lower North Shore. A very attractive and cute Belinda opened the door. She led us to a rear balcony that overlooked a private tree lined garden, all the while making us feel very welcome with warm and friendly comments. There we met her husband Brian, a slighter man than my John. His head was shaved and he was smoking a pipe. Brian too was a friendly soul and we spent quite a few hours socialising, laughing, joking and asking questions.

Darkness fell and it was decided to have Thai food delivered for dinner instead of going out. John had asked me whether I liked Brian, as he really liked Belinda and it was apparent to all there that there was a strong sexual awareness between our hosts. She was cute, sexy and worldly and educated with a bit of fire in her, all the things that John loved in a woman. For my part at least, I enjoyed Brian's sense of humour and he was fun to be with. John was getting turned on and I could sense so was Belinda, so I knew it would be nice for them.

I could not believe that I was thinking of having sex with not only another man, who was a virtual stranger, with not only my partner's permission, but with his encouragement!!!! Everything that I believed in was challenged and nothing I had read or heard had equipped me for this sort of mind shift.

After much laughter, wine and food we settled to chat a little longer, and then Brian came over to me and kissed me and fondled my breasts. He was like a kid in a lolly shop with my boobs and I must say I felt quite good about it. My John was looking on poised like a spring to defend me with his life had he needed to. I certainly did not need taking away from this, it was too good. I kissed Brian back and he really enjoyed it, he was keen as mustard. John shot a look at me to see if I was ok with what was happening and I nodded to him that it was ok. He then approached Belinda with a (AND WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU YOUNG LADY????) They kissed and he fondled her and she kissed him back letting out a low guttural groan from her throat when they kissed long and passionately. Mind you, at that time I could have run for the hills filled with jealous rage, but I kept cool and continued with my newfound friend.

Before long we all had our clothes off and were in the lounge room together, kissing and fondling, when suddenly John was gone from sight and I was left with Brian alone. He laid me down next to him. He hugged and kissed me, he stroked my face and all over my body, all the while saying how lovely I was and what a joy it was to be with me. He suckled on my breasts, his touch was exquisite and his tongue, wicked as it explored my breasts in detail. I was quite wet and wanting to go further.

His loving was soft and gentle, and we could hear the sounds of my John and Belinda in the next room, gasping with sexual excitement. At one stage I heard John groan with pleasure and Belinda groaning even louder as she rode John with complete abandonment.

We both looked at each other and smiled. Then he was between my legs licking and sucking my clitoris and by now a very wet pussy. He gave himself to me totally and by this stage I was really enjoying the whole thing. I remember hearing a woman's voice in what seemed to be the distance groaning and gasping with pleasure, and realised it was me.!! I was almost on the verge of having a nice little orgasm when my partner could take it no more and wanted to enter me. He was panting with excitement and was very very aroused. I remember moving and shifting my body to accommodate him. He was amazing. Far different from my darling John who is thick and round, my partner was thinner and longer but a nice feeling to say the least.

He entered me slowly and let out an enormous sigh of pleasure, then thrust harder and stronger. I was having a wonderful time and enjoyed his enthusiasm and passion. He was passionate all the while and kissed me and suckled on my nipple, which by this time was so aroused, that I would cum with just that. Harder and stronger he pushed in and out. I lifted my body to meet his rhythm. As I pushed up to meet him my vagina seemed to take hold of his cock and milk it. He squirmed with pleasure and then he was coming. He thrust harder and harder pushing me to a place of complete euphoria, and with one last almighty thrust he released a hot load of cum. He seemed to squirt and squirt and then pushed and wiggled inside me, as if to re capture the last moments of his orgasm.

We lay there in each other's arms just holding and savouring the moment. John and Belinda joined us, both with satisfied looks on their faces.

Somewhere there we had found a moment where the barriers of a life time where pushed down and we had a meeting of the minds, body and soul.

John and I know each other so much better now and I bless the day we met and had that wonderful experience with Brian and Belinda.