 Ree and I continued with our swinging activities, along with our 'regular life'. Our neighbors across the street, Harry and Vicki, knew of our 'other life' because they, too, had another life that involved swinging. We had many encounters with them, both as a couple, and as a third party, as a single. It was all good. But periodically, Ree and I would hit the circuit, looking for new conquests to bring into the fold. One memorable evening...

"So, what are you up for this evening," I asked, drying off from my shower. Ree was already into a sexy pair of panties and was deciding whether or not to wear a bra.

"Do you want to go by the club and check out the scene there?" She answered, pulling a top over her head, over her braless breasts, adjusting it just so.

'The Club' was an on-site swingers' club, members only. It had conversation pits, a bar and dance floor, and hot tub. It also had some public orgy rooms, with multi-leveled bedding pads, and three 'private' rooms. These cost a couple of bucks but 'newbies', especially, liked the privacy these rooms provided. Friday nights, which this was, also had singles allowed. Usually, you had to be a couple or with a couple. But on Wednesdays and Fridays, singles of both sexes, who were members, could join in the fun. 

"Yeah, we can do that, and if you don't see anything to your liking, we can check out a couple of hotel bars," I answered her as I started dressing.

"It's not just me going out, honey. What if you see something that catches your attention?"

"Then, we'll talk about it," I said, smiling at her gorgeous body as she, yet again, put on another top. When Ree was 'in the hunt' for sex, she liked to show off her assets, favorably, as do most people. The outfit she settled on did just that. Her pants showed off her shapely ass and her top allowed a good bit of cleavage to show, as well as her nipples, when they hardened.

"How do I look," she asked as she twirled about.

"Good enough to eat," I said, reaching for her as I said it.

"Honey!" She protested, stepping out of my reach but laughing as she did so, "I just got dressed!"

"Okay," I said, "But make damn sure you save enough for me, for when we get home from playing."

Kissing me and giving my package a squeeze, she said, "Always sweetie, always."

We arrived at the club around ten'ish or so, grabbed a couple of drinks at the bar and sort of wandered around, saying our hellos to some of the regulars that we knew, many of whom, have been our sex partners at one time or another. We both commented on the amount of both single women, as well as men, here tonight. We found an empty seat in one of the conversation pits, sat down, and watched the activities.

We started making bets when we'd see some couples in deep conversation, or a couple chatting up one of the singles, as to how long it'd be before they headed off to the rooms. I usually lost and, tonight, was no exception.

Several people came by and chatted us up, but not having seen 'the signal' from Ree that she wanted to play, we stayed polite, but passed. Until Steve showed up, that is.

"Hi, I'm Steve, and I've seen you guys here on other occasions but never connected with you, but, hopefully, I can make that right tonight."

We introduced ourselves and invited him to join us in the pit.

"Seriously, I've been wanting to meet you guys for a long time and when I walked in tonight, and saw you here, I couldn't believe my luck," he said, laughing as he said it.

We chuckled along with him, Ree taking the occasion to place a hand on his arm, as she laughed. 

Steve was twenty-eight, six foot even, and in shape. He had an infectious smile, and a quick wit, which we both liked immediately. He was single, had been introduced to this place by a former girlfriend, and has been a member for a couple of years. He said he enjoyed the lifestyle, the idea of sex without commitment, kindred souls sharing their joy, and bodies.

"That pretty much sums it up for us, as well," Ree countered, "We've met some really nice people with whom we've become friends, the sex aside."

We continued to chat and at her request, I went to the bar and fetched us all another round.

"Would you mind if I danced with your lady, if she'd like to?" Steve asked when I returned with the drinks.

"Not at all, if she wants to, she's all yours," I said, taking a sip from my drink.

"Promise?" she said to me as she took his hand and followed him out onto the floor. 

The first song was a medium tempo thing that allowed little touching, but gave people a chance to 'shake their thang.' The next song, though, ah, the next song was slow, sexy, and long.

"How 'bout a dance, sailor?" I heard a sexy voice to my right say.

Turning towards the voice, I saw an attractive Brunette, in a one-piece jumpsuit smiling down at me. I looked around me, and turning back to her, I said, "Are you talking to me?"

"Don't go Robert DiNiro on me," she said, laughing.

I laughed along with her, and taking her by the hand, I said, "I'd love to dance with you."

Her name was Pauli. She and her husband became members a couple of years ago, to spice up their marriage, she said. She enjoyed the lifestyle, she said, but, in the end, he was still an asshole and they split up, but she stayed a member, as a single. She likes the 'no commitment' aspect of the lifestyle.

Notice a theme here?

"Nothing to worry about except your sexual desires," she said, softly into my ear as she pulled herself back towards me, after talking about herself. 

I filled her in on Ree and me, and when I saw Ree and Steve across the floor, I pointed them out to her.

"Hmm, looks like your wife and whats-his-name are getting cozy. Good idea," she said, moving her body closer to mine.

Looking over towards Ree and Steve, I could see that they were dancing very slowly, almost like a slow grind, as they kissed. The sight made my manhood wake up, as well as the warmth of Pauli's body.

"Why me?" I asked after a while, my hand now gently rubbing along her spine.

"A friend of mine, whom you've been with, pointed you out to me a couple of Fridays ago and told me that if I ever got a chance to jump into the sack with you, that I should. When I saw your wife get up to dance with, Steve is it? I thought I'd see if you were interested." She ended her statement with a nibble on my ear, which sent shivers down my spine, right to my cock.

"Oh-oh, looks like I've awakened someone," Pauli remarked, laughing.

"Yes. Yes you have," pulling her closer and leaning down, kissing her, after I said it.

The song ended, and as we left the floor, I intercepted Steve and Ree, introduced them to Pauli, and told them that we were getting drinks from the bar. They asked for refills and headed back to the pit, while Pauli and I gathered up the goodies.

We returned and handed them their drinks, and since they were sitting close, side by side, Pauli and I sat across from them, also close. We toasted, we chatted, and we fell into private conversations, and back into group talk, on occasion.

Ree gave me the signal. Quite clear, quite concise, so I brought up the subject of perhaps finding a room, or if they'd like, getting a private room, if one was available. One was, and when I returned to the pit, I handed the key over to Steve and said for them to go ahead, that we'd be along shortly. Three knocks, I told him, three knocks and it'll be us.

"You guys don't 'have to be with each other', when having sex with others?" she asked me.

"Not always, we're past that, though we do enjoy the other being there."

"That's nice," she replied, leaning into me and kissing me with lots of tongue.

My hand found her breasts and as we increased the passion of our kiss, our hands were all over each other's body. When she grabbed my cock, through my pants, she squeezed it lovingly, and then proceeded to grip it tightly as she ran her hand along its length.

"I'm ready to fuck you right here," she whispered, her breath heavy, "If you aren't ready to head back to the room."

"Oh, I'm ready. I'm really fucking ready," I said, standing and helping her up from the low-slung seat.

I signaled with the three knocks, and Ree opened the door, mostly dressed, but her top was off and her pants were undone at the top button. Looking past her, to the bedding, Steve was already naked, his thick, large dick at full attention, glistening with wetness from where Ree's mouth had been sucking and licking it. 

"Two minutes longer, and you guys might have had to wait a bit for one of us to open the door," Ree said, laughing good-naturedly.

Stepping into the room ahead of me, Pauli reached over to Ree's unbuttoned pants, and standing very, very close to Ree, Pauli's lips close to Ree's, she found the zipper on Ree's pants and started pulling it down, the waist band of Ree's pants, falling apart. Ree just stared into Pauli's eyes as she closed the door behind us, letting Pauli reach into her pants with her hand and slowly rub her mons and pubes.

"Looks like your friend is ready for you to get back to business," Pauli said, and leaning into Ree, Pauli kissed Ree lightly on her lips. "With your kind permission," Pauli continued after breaking off her light kiss with Ree, "I'm going to fuck your husband's brains out, but, later, while the guys are resting, you and I need to have some fun together."

Ree smiled broadly, and kissing Pauli back in like manner, said, "That sounds like a wonderful idea, pretty lady."

The private rooms were set up with bedding, three king-sized mattresses laid side by side, and elevated slightly. Plenty of room, for sure, probably enough to accommodate six or eight people. But, this evening, there would only be four of us with plenty of room to fool around. The lights were dim; some nice background sounds were being piped in, the smell of sex was palatable in the air and slipping out of her loosened pants, Ree stepped up onto the bed, and after giving Steve a long, deep, kiss, she resumed her sucking of his cock.

Pauli turned towards me and asked me to disrobe her. I began unbuttoning the top of her pants suit, the swell of her breasts emerging as I worked my fingers lower and lower down her top. I peeled the suit off of her shoulders, lowering my mouth to her braless tits, taking each nipple, one at a time, into my mouth, sucking and licking as I did so.

Kissing my way down her flat belly, she helped me by deftly sliding out of her outfit, one leg at a time, her pantiless, trimmed bush, beckoning to my mouth and tongue. Totally naked now, she pulled my head into her crotch, letting my mouth and tongue taste her, slide into her, suck on her swelling clitoris.

"Ooohh, baby, I like what you're doing down there, that really feels good," her hands rubbing and pulling on my head and hair.

She smelled great, and tasted even better, almost like she had rubbed honey all over her pussy. I became caught up with her tastes and smells, doubling my efforts with my mouth.

Pulling me up from my knees, Pauli kissed me deeply, while she hurriedly fumbled with my clothes, getting them off of me, pulling me down with her onto the bed. We kissed each other with passion, our hands discovering each other's bodies, our mouths glued to each other.

As we moved further up the bed, I glanced over towards Ree and Steve and, now, Steve was over Ree, teasing her pussy with the head of his cock, putting it in, and pulling it out, repeatedly. Ree finally grabbed his ass with both hands and pulled him into her, her hips thrusting upwards so that she could take all of his thick, nine inches deep inside of her.

Pauli lowered her head over my cock, her hand sliding up and down its shaft, and in one movement, she sucked in the head and slid down my shaft with her mouth, taking all eight inches down her throat easily, her mouth widening to accept its thickness. I pulled her hips over my head so that we were in the classic sixty-nine position, and lifting my head so that I could taste her, I began orally assaulting her delicious cunt as she did the same to my dick. After several minutes of mutual orally pleasuring each other, she quickly pulled her pussy from my mouth, and rolled over to her side, her hand still holding my dick.

"Oh, no, not yet, I don't want to come yet. I want to come with your dick inside of me," she said softly, between deep breaths. And rolling over onto her back, she pulled me on top of her, her legs spreading as my cock slipped into her very wet and warm pussy. Wrapping her legs around the back of my thighs, she held me in place as her hips rose to meet my thrusts, her moans and groans becoming louder with each thrust of our hips.

From the other side of the huge bedding pads, Ree's cries as she and Steve achieved climax were equally as loud, Steve's grunts and groans increasingly loud, also, their sounds of pleasure, seemingly driving Pauli and I as we fucked each other harder and harder. Her nails were now digging into both cheeks of my ass, almost to the point of pain, but not quite, yet. Her mouth was now buried into the side of my neck, her moans muffled, her teeth biting, again, almost to the point of pain, but just short of it.

The pain came next, as she clamped down on my shoulder with her mouth, her hands digger further into my ass as she reached climax. The combination of her frenzied, biting, squeezing, and orgasm sent me into orbit at the same time, our bodies in spasms of jerks and orgasmic release. I came in waves of ejaculation, each spasm causing me to thrust deeper into her, which brought her a couple of mini-orgasms as her first one began to ebb.

As the four of us lay in our coupled heaps, each of us, in their own manner, coming down from the orgasms, Ree broke the spell of orgasmic bliss first.

"Sweetie," she said to Pauli, "I do believe that you did indeed fuck my baby's brains out, at least, most of it," her tone, sweet, sexy and contented. As if on cue, each woman took our shafts into their mouths, licking, sucking the remnants of our climaxes, savoring the mixed tastes and smell of our cocks, mingled with their pussy juices, each seemingly lost in the act.

Ree, having finished with Steve's cleanup, crawled over towards Pauli as she was finishing with me, sucking me clean, lying on her stomach, over my semi-hard dick. Spreading Pauli's legs, and then her ass cheeks, Ree slid her tongue down Pauli's ass-crack to her pussy. Ree, hungrily and noisily, began licking and sucking my cum from Pauli's pussy, Pauli's moans of pleasure giving away her enjoyment of Ree's actions. Pauli's head was now hovering just over my cock, her hands gripping tighter around it as she approached another climax.

Shuddering with pleasure, Pauli dropped her head to my nipples, sucking them and biting them, again muffling her groans of sexual release. Her climax over, Pauli looked up at me with dreamy, hazy eyes and said, "Oh damn, but you two really know how to eat pussy," grinning at me after she said it. She then, turned her heads back, towards Ree, and told her to turn over and spread her legs, that it was her, Pauli's, turn to taste and suck Ree's pussy.

And so she did, as Steve and I enjoyed the show, letting our well-fucked and sucked cocks, to regain their strength. 

For her part, Pauli couldn't seem to get enough of Ree's pussy, bringing Ree to several orgasms of varying degrees of intensity. For her part, Ree motioned for both Steve and I to come and kneel by her head, and as Pauli dined at Ree's 'Y", Ree took turns sucking on our resurrected cocks, her mouth stretching to it's limits as both he and I were thicker and longer than the average guy. But, Ree, being the excellent cocksucker that she is, brought us both to climax, each in turn, swallowing and licking us both clean afterwards.

"Uncle!" cried Ree, her breath, coming in short, labored gasps, gulping for air after she sucked the last of Steve's cum down. Pauli began laughing, softly at first, until the giggles infected us all. Quite a sight I'm sure, these four naked, spent bodies, laughing almost uncontrollably, the moment slowly surrendering to contented murmurs, and strokes of each other.

We finished the evening by meeting at an all-night diner where we laughed, joked, teased, and fueled our satiated bodies with breakfasts. We, Ree and I, exchanged contact information with both of them, and after one last hug and kiss in the parking lot, we went our separate ways.

*

Epilogue

Both Steve and Pauli were to remain part of our 'inner circle' of friends with benefits for several years. Curiously, though, we were never to meet again as a foursome but we were to enjoy many satisfying threesomes with each, they becoming somewhat regular partners for us.