 Mine and Hubby's first FFM...back around 2003...

It was an old friend of ours we had gone to Seattle to visit. We had been out seeing the sights, had a nice dinner and went back to her apartment and started drinking wine. She is a cute little thing, maybe 5'1", 100 lbs. a tight little body, tiny little perky tits, a real sweetie. She is more lesbian than bi, and had just finished about a 10 year lesbian relationship about 6 months before we had visited.

We had gotten through about a bottle and half of wine between the 3 of us and the conversation turned to sex. We started talking about toys, and Polly (we'll call her) was raving about her recent trips to the adult toy stores. She had thrown out all the ones her and her ex had used on each other out and had "re-stocked" as she put it. I said I wanted to see her new stash and so off to the bedroom we went. 

Polly opened her nightstand drawer and man, had she gone to town! She said she spent most of her tax return on sex toys and I believe it!

She some nice vibes, some nipple clamps, a couple of dildos with suction cups, a double headed dildo that looked like too much fun and then I saw she had a harness and dildo still in the box. I pulled it out and asked why it was still packaged up and she said she didn't have anyone to use it on yet! I asked if she minded if I tried it on, over my panties of course, and she said "Go for it!"

She asked if I had ever fucked a woman with a strap on, and I said no, not with a strap on, just a hand held dildo, and I could see Polly's nipples start to poke out of her t-shirt as they got hard. Damn, for having little tits, she had big nipples!

My hubby, Jack was leaning against the wall and I looked over at him and he just smiled. He could see where this was headed and sure hoped it wouldn't get de-railed!

I stripped off my jeans and slid the harness out of the box and slipped the dildo into it and pulled the harness up over my hips, letting the straps out enough to get over my curvy ass and hips. Polly helped me pull it up, and when her hands moved over my bare hips (I was wearing a red thong, which Polly commented on!) I felt my nipples start to harden. Once I got it on and tightened, Polly stood back and looked at me as I put my hands on my hips and pushed this nice 7" flesh colored rubber cock out. 

"Damn" she said "You look good with a cock!"

I blushed and said thank you and gave a little dildo curtsy. 

Polly said "You slipped that on in no time for some one who hadn't worn a strap on before!"

I told her "I just said I hadn't fucked a woman with a strap on, not that I had never fucked anyone with one before." and looked at Jack.

Polly looked over at Jack and her jaw dropped! Jack was a little red, but he just looked back at her and smiled and shrugged.

Polly said "Fuck, Jack, I am impressed! I think that is hot as hell that you are man enough to let your woman fuck you!"

Jack just smiled and nodded, like he was tipping his hat! I could see Polly was very excited, but nervous about where we were headed. We had all been friends for a long time, and I know she didn't want to complicate things. 

I walked over to her and put my hand on her shoulder and said "Hey, we can have some fun and share some pleasure and that's all it has to be, but if you aren't ready for something like that yet, that is fine, we can slow this down."

Polly took just a second to think about it and planted a kiss right on me! I returned her kiss and pushed my tongue in her mouth, and it was sooo hot. She tasted like wine and I let our tongues twirl together, tasting each others mouth for a what seemed like an eternity!

I pulled back and Jack had moved to a chair, and was sitting there enjoying the show.

Polly looked at him and said, "If you don't mind watching for awhile, we can all play together in awhile."

Jack took a nice long drink of wine and said he thought that would be fantastic.

Polly pulled her t-shirt off and turned back around to me, and started helping me undo my blouse. 

Once she got my bra off and my tits in her hands, she said "Damn! I can't believe how heavy these things are!" And she went to town, going from nipple to nipple sucking on them and licking them like she just couldn't get enough of them! I was loving it and kept stroking her hair and reaching down and giving her nipples a light pinch every so often.

I pulled her mouth up and kissed her again and started undoing her pants. I felt her relax and sigh as I slid her pants down. She was wearing some cute little French cut panties that I took a nice long time pulling down as I worked my way down, licking her nipples and running my tongue down her smooth skin from her tits to her crotch. Her had a nice bush, (Light brown hair) and I paused when I got to it as she stepped out of her panties. I lifted one leg over my shoulder and kissed her pussy like it was a mouth, tilting my head and sliding my tongue into it. MMM she tasted soo nice, she had a nice musky scent damn was she nice and wet! She let out the nicest slow moan as I French kissed her pussy, damn she sounded hot, looked hotter and tasted even better!

I started fingering her while I ate her. She put her hands on my head and it turned me on sooo much, I licked and sucked and fingered and ate her with more enthusiasm. I pulled back with my face glistening from her sweet pussy and told her to get on the bed. 

She laid down on her back and I said "No, get on your knees."

I saw her eyes brighten up as she rolled over and got on her knees and pointed her cute little ass at me! I grabbed her hips and pulled her back to me quickly and she let out a little squeal. I rubbed the head of the dildo against her pussy lips and she grabbed a pillow and rested her head on it, giving me a great view of her ass and pussy from behind! I leaned down real quick and gave her another lick and resumed rubbing the fake cock against her labia. She was moaning soft and moving her hips up and down. I asked nice and softly if she wanted to get fucked. 

"OH god yes!" she said. I slipped the head of the cock in her little pussy and began inching it in and she moaned soooo hot and sexy I felt myself getting wetter and wetter. I slid the dildo in nice and slow and really enjoyed the view. I realized why you guys like Doggy style so much! The view is really hot! Once I got it in to the hilt I stopped and let her get used to being full. Polly was clearly loving it and began working her ass and fucking the dildo with me just staying still! I grabbed her hips and started fucking her fast and hard and she responded with loud moans and encouragement, telling me to fuck her hard! I loved it! I got going too fast a couple times and the dildo came slipping out, but I found my rhythm and kept fucking her. 

I felt a hand on my shoulder and it was Jack. He had stripped down watching us and his cock was ROCK hard! He leaned down and sucked on my nipple while I fucked Polly, squeezing and caressing my ass, being careful not to disrupt my thrusts. He reached one hand out and was stroking Polly's ass and occasionally rubbing her asshole with his thumb while I fucked her. Polly looked back when she felt the third hand on her and smiled at the sight of Jack's mouth sucking my tit. Jack moved his face up and kissed me. He tasted Polly's pussy on my tongue and said "Damn that is some sweet stuff!"

Jack is about 6 feet tall, built like a lumberjack, barrel chested, strong arms (I'm not a little thing but he can muscle me around pretty easily in bed!) and very muscular legs and a great ass! He has a black goatee, shaved head, I think he is very sexy! He's got a nice thick 7" cock and nice big balls (my favorite kind!).

Jack moved behind me and cupped and squeezed my tits and whispered in my ear dirty words of encouragement and I fucked Polly as fast and hard as I could. Polly just moaned and mumbled "yes" and "fuck me". 

Jack pressed his hard cock against my ass and told me how hot I looked and said "Fuck her good baby, make me proud!"

Polly came with a loud scream and moan and I thought her neighbors would probably call the cops! I slowed down and let her catch her breath, but never pulled out or completely stopped, always keeping my hips moving and the dildo going in and out of her, even if at a very slow pace. Jack moved around and leaned down and started tonguing her ass and Polly said "Oh god, fuck yeah!" and reached back and grabbed Jacks head and pulled him against her ass. 

Polly said "Ok, ok, hold on" and I pulled the dildo out and let it wave in front of me as Jack pulled back too, but not before replacing the dildo with his tongue for a second and getting a first hand taste of Polly. He stood up next to me as Polly collapsed on the bed and looked at us standing there. She laughed hard and wiped the sweat off her face and said "Fuck did I need that!"

She looked at us and said "Damn Margie, you look sexy as fuck!" 

Jack said "Yeah, she is very hot with some sex sweat running down between those tits!"

Polly said "I'm not near done, can we try something else?"

"Sure!" we said almost in unison.

"Margie, is it ok if I fuck your man?" she asked. 

I saw Jack's cock jump and twitch when she asked I laughed. "Of COURSE baby!" I said, "We are all here for each others pleasure!" I knew Jack sure wasn't going to object!

"Good" she said and opened her sex toy drawer back up. "Jack, lay down on the bed please." she directed.

Jack lay on his back with his hard cock standing straight up and Polly got some lube out of the drawer and began lubing up Jacks cock and she motioned for me to come closer. Jack lay on the bed, his legs off the side, loving Polly's lube job and as I got closer, Polly grabbed the fake cock waving in front of me and pulled me closer with it. 

"I've always wanted to try this, but have never had the chance." she said.

What, faithful readers, does Polly want to try?

Tune into the next episode to find out!