 After our weekend with Randy, Ree and I really accelerated our exploration of the 'Lifestyle'. The week after Randy returned home was a week filled with world-class fucking and sucking sessions for us. We both talked about the experience at every opportunity, each of us getting excited by the reaction of the other, excited that we both 'knew' that the other was just as anxious to take this further. Randy's last night with us was our first time for a MFM threesome. Whatever misgivings I might have had was dispelled that evening. For her part, Ree relished the role of being the 'meat' in our sandwich. 

You must remember that this was in the mid-70's, long before the internet made 'hook-ups' easier and faster. There were, however, periodicals dedicated to the swinging world, usually regional but if your city was large enough, there was several just for your town. Ree and I would frequent a couple of 'higher end' Adult shoppes for toys, videos, and mags. Within a few months, through these mags, we met some other people in the lifestyle; most were nice and pleasant, some weren't. They can't all be home runs, folks. What Ree liked most of all, though, was for her and I to go the bars and pickup single guys that struck her fancy. Ree was really into having single, or married, guys join us for fun.

About six months after our weekend with Randy, I had a business trip scheduled to an adjacent state that would take a week or ten days for me to complete. I was making the first 'field' contact with a chain account that was new business for my company. Ree hadn't gone back to work yet and we decided that she'd come with me on the trip. Get to see the countryside and all. Three weeks prior that trip, we were whiling away the evening going through our favorite swingers mag when she saw an ad from a couple that lived in the last city on my 'tour'. They had included pictures and they were attractive, and the ad was well written, complete with punctuation and correct grammar, which was not always the case, lol.

We answered the ad, included our contact info and some very hot pics of Ree. She might be my ex, but the truth is that Ree's body and beauty were attention-getting. About a week later, the first of several phone calls occurred when they called us, one evening. Sensing kindred spirits, we (both couples) became comfortable and friendly through the phone conversations and a 'date' was made for the four of us to meet.

The trip was made very bearable by the thought of our planned tryst in the last city on our trip. We called the night we arrived to schedule times and such for the next evening. Kai (Kay, but her spelling) answered and was really happy to hear from us. Like us, she and Ron had been happily anticipating our arrival. The only hitch, it turned out, was that Ron had to fly into his home office for a day meeting and wouldn't return until around 8 that evening. Like Ree, Kai didn't work either, so she invited Kai to spend the day with her at our hotel, enjoying the pool and all. Kai thought that was a great idea. I talked to Ron and made arrangements for me to pick him up at the airport, outside his terminal, and we'd drive to meet the girls. I ended the conversation with the description of my vehicle, and said good night. That night, in the hotel bar, Ree got herself all worked up by dancing with some single guys we met at the bar but none really hit her 'hot' button as a bed-mate. There was one that almost made her grade but in the end, they got her hot, and I got to enjoy the benefits.

I went off the next morning and met with my customers and got back to the hotel around 3 or so, in the afternoon. Dropping off my briefcase, I went to the pool and found the girls at the far end, sunning. Kai's body was as hot as the mag picture showed. Introductions were made, and small talk followed for a short while. I excused myself to go write a couple of reports and told them to give me an hour or so, and they would return to the room, after I promised to have a luscious doobie rolled for the three of us. Kai and Ree both beamed brightly at that prospect.

"Ready or not, here we are," Kai's voice proclaimed as Ree unlocked the door. I had gotten out of my suit and was in casual shorts and a tee. The girls were still in their 2-piece bathing suits, both barely being contained by their bra tops. 

"As promised," I said, lighting the doobie, taking a deep hit and passing it to our guest. This was not Kai's first rodeo with weed, evidenced by the deep hit she took, holding it in as she passed it to Ree.

This was really, really good stuff and had us in the zone quickly, sweetly. The girls were semi-reclining on the bed and I was in a chair nearby. We finished the roach and all of us were quiet for a while, letting the pungent smoke take effect. 

"Aren't her boobs just suckalicious?" Ree said, out of the blue, leaning into Kai as she said it.

"They certainly are an eyeful, as well as a mouthful, I'm sure," I replied in a very stoned, laid-back manner. Kai blushed, slightly, but thanked us for the compliment. She then ventured her opinion that Ree's were quite spectacular as well.

"I couldn't agree more," I said, in answer.

Up to this point, Ree had given no indication that she was 'female-friendly' sexually. Kai and Ron's ad mentioned that Kai was bisexual but it wasn't a deal-breaker if the other woman wasn't, Kai still liked her share of cock. Ree's comment, however, did put a bit of a different countenance on Kai's face and she pulled herself up to the headboard, relaxing with her back against it. Ree remained reclining, with her arm and hand supporting her head.

"Can I see them?" Ree asked Kai.

"Only if I can see yours too," Kai responded.

"OK, but you first," Ree countered.

Kai reached behind her back and unsnapped her hook, letting her bra-top fall from her breasts. The sight gave me an instant erection. They were C, almost D, cup sized, and perfectly formed with perky nipples.

Ree just stared for a while and finally said, "Wow, girl, those are gorgeous."

Kai murmured her thanks for the compliment and reaching over to Ree's back, she unhooked Ree's top, letting her hand travel along her shoulder afterwards. Ree's top also fell victim to gravity and fell to the bed.

"Damn," I said, "I am the luckiest man in the world this afternoon."

The girls both laughed aloud at that statement and agreed with it.

"Would you like to touch them," Kai asked Ree.

Ree's answer was to reach out with her free hand and cup one of Kai's breasts in her palm, softly squeezing and rubbing the nipple as her hand moved in small circles. Kai and Ree simply stared into each other's eyes, as Ree continued her explorations.

Kai slid down so that her head was now on the pillow, lying on her back, Ree's hand having now moved over to Kai's other breast. Not breaking eye contact with each other, Kai's hand moved off of the bed and began doing the same type of caressing to Ree's breasts.

For my part, I sat back in my chair, mesmerized and hard as a rock. I wanted so badly to reach out and add my hand to the mix, but for fear of breaking the moment, I didn't.

As if she had read my mind, Kai turned and looked at me, smiling and invitingly.

"I don't mind if you'd like to touch them also," Kai said to me, her arm pulling Ree closer to her body. "But, guys, I wouldn't feel right about any serious fooling around without Ron being here."

"How about some 'friendly' foreplay?" Ree said as she allowed Kai to pull her head to lie on Kai's stomach, Ree softly placing small kisses on Kai's belly and ribs.

"Ummm, that feels good, Ree," was Kai's response, "I didn't know you were bi, though." 

"When I was much younger," Ree answered as she continued placing little pecks on Kai's body, getting closer to her breasts each time, "I had an older girl cousin that liked to fool around with me and show me stuff. It was fun and I admit, exciting, but I've never really thought about it, one way or another."

And with that statement, Ree reached up to place kisses on the underside of Kai's tits.

Kai was smiling, enjoying Ree's kisses, when she reached out to me with a hand. I took her hand and let her pull me towards the bed, where I knelt, and leaning over, started kissing her other breast. Kai placed a hand on each of our heads, holding them to her breasts, as Ree and I sucked and licked them. Looking over towards Ree, I saw that she had brought up one of her hands to squeeze and fondle the breast she was sucking. Looking to the side, I saw Ree's other hand had separated Kai's legs slightly and was rubbing Kai's pussy through her suit bottom. 

Kai's murmurs and moans became more and more sensual. Clearly she was enjoying our attentions to her body. But she suddenly pulled Ree up towards her head until she could suck Ree's breast into her mouth. Ree's hand left Kai's pussy and began playing with Kai's breasts, her eyes closed, enjoying Kai's sucking on her tit.

I slowly slid Kai's bottom off of her, she, lifting her ass to make it easier for me to do so. Crawling between her legs, I began kissing her inner thighs until my tongue found her erect clitoris. I sucked it into my mouth and let my tongue dance around it which caused Kai to begin grinding her pussy into my mouth. Holding my head hard to her grinding crotch, Kai's moans became louder and louder, her sucking of Ree's breasts becoming more intense, more aggressive, which Ree was clearly enjoying.

"Ahhhh, I'm going to commmme," she said loudly, as she did just that. Her breath was hard, fast, her body glistening with sweat and moisture.

"Damn but that was so fucking GOOD!!!" she said, loudly, pulling the pillow over her face so that she could scream into it.

"I hate to break this up," Ree said, "But, you've got to go pick up Ron, honey."

Damn! I had forgotten about that.

Scurrying around to get my 'stuff', I finally said that we'd be back in about an hour or so.

From the bed, Kai smiled, and rolling Ree over on her back, said to me, over her shoulder, "Take your time, sweetie, I'm going to play with your wife." Her hand removing Ree's suit bottom as she was saying it, her head moving towards Ree's, now exposed, pussy.

-Part 2-

I found Ron with a minimal amount of trouble. We introduced ourselves and he hopped in. I didn't say anything to him about already having tasted his wife's delicious pussy; I figured it would be mentioned sooner or later, but not by me. I did tell him that I left the girls behind in our room and that they were waiting for us. Ron just looked at me and grinned.

"I'd be willing to bet that your lovely wife, and she is stunning, by the way, is enjoying Kai's dancing tongue about now," chuckling as he said it.

"Probably a safe bet," I said as I maneuvered us out of the airport, "they were lying in bed together, when I left, admiring each other's boobs."

Ron laughed and asked me how I liked Kai's breasts.

"They're fucking outstanding," I answered, honestly, and looking at him when I said it.

"Yes, they are, aren't they?"

"You'll like Ree's body, Ron, that, I can promise you."

"I'm looking forward to it," he said, patting my shoulder as he said it.

We got to know each other on the 45 minute drive to the hotel, through traffic, and I found that I genuinely like him, that I could have a beer with him any old time. It turned out, later, that he felt the same way as I did about that first meeting.

Arriving back at the hotel, I called the room and asked if we could bring anything up from the bar. Ree answered and, after checking with Kai, asked us to bring up a couple of bottles of wine. As I was about to hang up, she asked where the weed was, so that she could roll a couple of doobies. Great plan.

When I booked the hotel, I purposefully got a mini-suite, which included 2 king-sized beds. I had a feeling that this would prove to be a good idea.

Opening the door, Kai was back in her swim suit and Ree, standing behind her, was in a pair of shorts with a tee, and no bra. They both looked stunning, and warmly greeted us, Kai kissing me, Ree kissing Ron. And that's how we walked into the main area, each with the other's partner, and so it would stay the rest of the evening..

Kai started the first doobie going around after she and Ron had a quick 'catch-up' chat. I opened the wine, and Ree held the glasses as I filled them, passing them along as she did so.

Kai and I sat on a small love seat, while Ron and Ree sat on the bed nearest to us and the couch. We drank, we passed the joint, finishing it on the third go-around. I opened the second bottle of wine and refilled. The liquor and smoke worked their magic with us and, soon, group conversation trailed off into talk between the couples, soft talk, meant to be heard only by the other in the conversation.

Ron and Ree began slowly kissing, little pecks and nibbles at first, but then the kisses became deeper and longer, hands found breasts and bulges, rubbing, feeling, fondling. Kai nestled herself into the crook of my arm, there on the loveseat, her left hand on my thigh, a pinky reaching out to stroke my bulging package under my pants. She turned her head into the side of my face and neck, kissing, licking, her tongue leaving a wet trail in its path. My hand had slipped into the bra-top of Kai's suit, grabbing more breast then my hand could hold, her erect nipple rubbing against my palm as I explored and felt her.

Ree had her head tilted back now as Ron had lifted her tee top and was sucking on Ree's breasts. Her hand had skillfully unzipped his pants and she had his hard cock in her hand as he sucked on her, her hand slowly, sensually, stroking Ron's dick. His dick was on the smaller side, but that didn't stop her from her manual adoration of his manhood.

Kai and I were still on the loveseat, watching, getting more turned on by their activities, as well as what we were doing to each other.

"I think it's time for us to use that other bed, don't you?" she whispered into my ear, followed by her warm, wet, tongue snaking into my ear and across the lobe.

"I think its past time," I answered, standing and lifting her off the loveseat by her hand. As we walked past the end of the bed our partners were on, I saw Ree rip her tee top off of herself, followed by her head diving towards his crotch, taking him into her mouth in one movement. As Kai and I settled onto our bed, Ree was now kneeling over Ron's reclined body, her hands pulling off his pants, her head and mouth never stopping as she continued to suck him. The level of excitement I felt at watching my woman sucking on another man right before my eyes was unbelievable. A fleeting thought that I was, in the end, a voyeur ran through my head, followed by my own answer of, "So what?"

Their lovemaking, on the next bed, faded from my consciousness as Kai and I began kissing and touching each other, quickly getting lost in our own passions and demons of pleasure. She took my cock in her hand as we kissed, and guided it towards her spread legs, and inserted it into her wet and warm pussy, softly moaning pleasurably as we synched our movements, our lust for each other, the driving force. 

Kai, like Ree, is multi-orgasmic, and she enjoyed several until I could last no longer, finally releasing my pent-up climax in a bed-shaking spasm of pleasure that washed over me, causing bright flashes in my brain, so strong was the orgasm.

I collapsed, first on top of Kai, then rolling off of her, she following, lying on top of me, our arms around each other in a tender embrace.

"When you catch your breath," she whispered into my ear, "I'd love for you to use that magic mouth and tongue of yours on my pussy," kissing me after she said it. 

She broke off her kiss, smiled down at me, her eyes capturing mine.

Leaning in to my ear, she again whispered, "No one has ever made me feel that good before, man or woman," giggling softly as she said it. "I just want to be sure that you are as good as I think you are," her arms around me, squeezing softly, sensually.

And so I did. For what seemed like forever, her repeated climaxes seemingly stronger than the previous ones. Finally, as my jaws and tongue began to ache, I lifted my head from between her legs and looked up only to see her eyes lovingly looking down upon me. Allowing her to help me up from between her legs, she lay next to me, her head on my shoulder, her hand tracing patterns on my stomach, her fingers softly rubbing the underside of my cock, which was once again, rock-hard. Her kisses trailed down my chest until, she, once again, had me in her mouth, sucking and licking, awakening my lust once more. I glanced over to the next bed and saw Ron looking towards us, Ree between his legs, easily deep-throating him. We watched each other's woman suck the other, and we both climaxed, within seconds of each other.

They left our hotel after many hugs and kisses among us. Afterwards, after Ree and I had fucked each other in a frenzied, lustful lovemaking session, she lay in my arms, both of us spent.

"Enjoy it?" I asked.

"It was good, but honestly, I've had better," was her reply. "Given the choice," she continued, "I'd rather spend time with Kai between my legs," laughing sexily as she said it.

"After you left to pick up Ron, she sent me to the moon with her tongue and mouth," Ree said. "It's been a long time, not since my cousin and I use to play around, since a woman excited me sexually as she did. By the way, Kai thinks you eat pussy better than any man she's ever been with," she added.

"I know, she told me too," I said.

"Well, I can't argue with that," Ree said, as she gently pushed my head towards her fresh-fucked pussy.

Epilogue

As a couple, we saw Ron and Kai a few more times. After Ree and I 'crossed the bridge'-more about that in the next posting-I would meet with Ron and Kai for some delicious threesome activities, and on occasion, when Ron was away on business and I was in town, Kai and I would meet, just the two of us, and the sex for her and I was always mind-blowing. In a previous posting, I told Harry of having my cock sucked a couple of times when in a threesome with another couple.

The first time that happened? It was Ron.