 The girls, Ree and Vicki, wanted us, Harry and me, to take them to the Enclave for a night of fun and games.

The Enclave was an Adults Only motel in the city, in our suburb of the city, to be accurate. It featured 'theme' rooms, most with in-room Jacuzzi Tubs (mini-hot tubs), large waterbeds, and several channels of porn, any flavor you desired. A few of the rooms also had a smaller room, as well, featuring chair-swings, bondage beds, for the BMSD devotees, out there. That wasn't 'our thing', never our thing, outside of the occasional use of silk scarves, tied to bedposts, but that wasn't really a regular activity, in truth.

The Enclave also had an indoor, heated pool with attached hot tub, clothing optional in this common area of the complex which was accessible through an indoor hall. It wasn't a bad place to scout out the other players, and to meet possible playmates.

Bowing to their pleas, I drove us there, Vicki sitting in front with me, Ree in the back with Harry, a fat doobie being passed between the four of us. Harry and I checked us in, and we drove to the back of the complex, to our favorite room, which was nearest to the indoor pool.

The girls wanted a 'quickie' with each other's spouse before we hit the pool area; and, ever accommodating, Harry and I succumbed to their wishes, the four of us on the bed, in a delicious tangle of bodies and climaxes. One more shared doob, this one a bit smaller, before quickly showering, and heading to the pool, using the robes we had all brought with us.

There were a few other groups in and around the area, a few couples at poolside tables, a very attractive woman with a couple of guys swimming around in the pool, another couple in a corner of the pool, and a couple who was in the communal hot tub.

We walked towards the couple at the hot tub after some benign chit chat among us, and, they invited us to share the bubbling tub. I had noticed that Ree seemed to be paying particular attention to the couple who were swimming in the pool, and sort of hanging out near the deep end, so when she said, "Baby, why don't we hit the pool for a little bit and do some laps?" I wasn't terribly surprised. Harry and Vicki said they'd do the tub for a bit and chat up the couple there.

Ree made a 'mini-show' of taking her robe off, stretching her arms and legs in a pretense of limbering up, and dove into the pool. She swam towards the deep end, flipped and lapped back to where I was, and flipped again, heading back the other way. I joined her, catching her by mid-pool and semi-raced her to the end, where we stopped, hanging on to the side.

Stan and Joy, that was the other couple's names, said a polite hi since we were only about six or so feet from them, which we returned, introducing ourselves. Rather innocent chit-chat followed, both couples, getting the lay of the land, so to speak. Like us, they were also bareassed, and also like us, not very caring about it. They appeared to be in the early twenties or so, but very well spoken, clearly educated and deliberate in their conversation.

Joy and Ree started talking between them, leaving Stan and me to converse about something or another. While I was talking to Stan, nearer to him now, having swum over to his side, Vicki walked over from the hot tub, dripping as she walked, and bending down in a semi-squat, her short-haired bush right over my head.

"Hey sweetie, Harry and I are going to join Ralph and Steph for a while at their room, okay? Don't you dare leave without us," laughing as she said it.

"Wouldn't dream of it, Vick," introducing Vicki to Stan and Joy afterwards, "have fun," I called after her as she turned to walk back, with a wave of her hand over her shoulder.

"Obviously, they're friends?" Stan commented.

"Friends with benefits," Ree quickly chimed in, a nice smile on her face.

Both Stan and Joy acknowledged Ree's comment with a knowing smile and nod of their heads.

"It's good to have friends like that," Joy piped in, a bit nearer to Ree now.

"Yes, it is," Ree answered while moving herself closer to Joy.

After a bit of further small talk between Stan and me, he lowered his voice almost to a whisper, and said, "Looks as if our ladies are getting to be a bit friendly, themselves."

Casually turning to look over my shoulder, I could see Ree and Joy were now very close to each other, each holding on to the end of the pool with one hand, their other hand beneath the water. They were silent, facing each other, but the look on their faces gave away the fact that they were playing with each other, under the water.

Suddenly, Joy leaned into Ree and gave her a kiss on the lips, and looking over towards Stan and I, asked if we'd like to come back to their room for a while and if we're interested, they had some smoke to share. Ree smiled, looking at me, and announced that she was certainly up for that!

Once in their room, both of the girls shed the robes, and more or less, falling into bed at the same time, asked that we take care of the rolling duties. Stan asked if I could roll very well, because he couldn't, that was Joy's job. "But, it looks as if she's a bit preoccupied right now."

Assuring him that I could indeed roll, he offered to clean the weed. Glancing over to the bed when he asked that, I noticed that Ree and Joy were indeed a bit busy. They were making out with each other, kissing, touching, Joy's fingers playing with Ree's pussy as they explored each other's mouths.

Stan and I watched our girls with each other as we finished up the chore they had given us, and, Stan said, off-handedly, as we watched, "You know, if I was a woman, I would definitely be a lesbian."

"Yup," I agreed, and gave him the freshly rolled joint to fire up.

Reluctantly, the girls broke off their make-out session in order to join us in the smoke, but, not before they each sucked the other's fingers, very wet with each other's juices.

"Stan, I usually have the best weed in our crowd," I said, holding in the smoke as I passed the doob to Joy, "but I have to tell you, man, this is some very wicked weed," letting the smoke take me over in a head-rush.

"We'll exchange numbers and I'll see if I can hook you up with my chick," he said, "she never disappoints in the weed department."

We finished the joint, Ree getting to eat the roach, then, Joy reached out to me and without too much effort, pulled me with her as she backed up on the waterbed, towards the headboard, bringing me with her onto the bed. Ree reached out for Stan's hand and did likewise.

Each couple became lost in exploratory sex with their partners, neither paying particular attention to what the other was doing. Joy was a very good kisser and very good with her hands, expertly doing the things that a guy likes having done when in a make-out session. 

Eventually, though it wasn't planned that way, Stan and I wound up between the legs of each other's wife, giving them head. Glancing up from between Joy's thighs, I saw she and Ree kissing each other, playing with each other' tits, as we munched away.

"No, no, no, not yet, lover," Joy said, pulling me from between her legs, and scooching down the bed at the same time, wrapping her legs around my ass, and guiding my cock into her with her hand. "I want to come with you in me," she said, quickly getting into rhythm with me.

Ree had turned over on her stomach so that Stan could enter her from the rear, doggy-style, bending over and kissing Joy as he began pumping into her. Giving Ree some room to kiss and fondle Joy's lips and tits, I supported myself upright, driving hard into Joy, one of her hands on my arm, the other, holding Ree's head to her breast.

Joy was tight, very tight, and a veritable fucking machine in movements, her pelvis able to thrust at an incredible speed, I thought. The combination of all of that caused me to pop my orgasm a lot sooner than usually, which in turn, caused Joy to orgasm immediately after me.

Ree and Stan weren't very far behind us and collapsed in a heap, next to us, all of us breathing hard, catching our breaths. We rested, we talked, we joked and we watched a little porn on the in-room system. I say a little porn because it couldn't have been on more than five or ten minutes when the four of us were at it again, this time, though, with our own spouses, a very nice change of pace from the usual.

Vicki and Harry were in the middle of a fuck-fest with each other when Ree and I showed up, and just that quick, Ree was fucking Harry and Vicki was sucking me off. We all took quick showers with each other's spouses and gathering our goodies from the room, we left for a late-night breakfast, before heading home.