 Hamish pulled into the parking space beside the red Fiesta and smiled at the young woman who was leaning against it’s bonnet. She gave a small wave of recognition and walked slowly round to the driver’s side of Hamish’s car. As it was a warm summer’s day she was dressed in a light coloured top and a tight fitting skirt, not too short but enough to show off her smooth shapely legs. 

“Hello, Sally. Been waiting long?” asked Hamish, managing to make eye contact with Sally but also having time to sneak a glance at her small firm breasts as she leaned in to talk to him through the car window. Hamish liked women with small breasts especially those that had nipples that were smooth and round when aroused and he knew from previous experience that Sally’s were like this and he had to adjust his sitting position to accommodate the erection that had begun when he thought about how good it was going to be to be able to fondle Sally’s breasts and suck on her nipples again.

“Not really," She replied, “I just can’t believe we’re going through with this. That fucking bitch has got some nerve.”

“Well let’s go up to her flat and get things sorted out. Once she has to put her signature on the agreement we’ve drawn up she might change her mind.”

“I really appreciate you helping me out like this. I couldn’t think of any one else when she gave me the ultimatum.”

As they walked into the block of flats and up the stairs, Hamish went over the terms of the agreement that they had drawn up for Gillian, Sally’s former flat-mate, to sign. The need for the agreement had arisen from a rather unusual suggestion from Gillian about how Sally could pay back money she had had to borrow. Gillian’s friendly demeanour hid a nasty side that could be vicious and vindictive but Sally had been totally unprepared for the suggestion made by her at the meeting they had had to discuss loan repayment.

Gillian had demanded that Sally pay back all the money she owed in one lump sum even though she knew this would be impossible for Sally to do. Gillian would not consider any offer of payment plans and it was then that she gave Sally another option - If she was to let Gillian watch her make love with her boyfriend then the debt would be cancelled. Sally knew there was no way that Arthur would agree to this but her old friend Hamish might just be the man for the job. 

At first Hamish had thought it was some sort of wind-up but when Sally burst into tears and showed him the ‘contract’ that Gillian had drawn up he had agreed to help Sally pay off her debt. They had rewritten Gillian’s contract so that it was more legally binding and had sent her a copy. She had agreed to the terms and today had been set as the date for debt “repayment”.

Once seated in Gillian’s living room it was apparent that she was just as nervous as Hamish and Sally about the situation. Cups of tea had been made and drunk slowly with lots of small talk to avoid the real reason for the gathering.

“This is bloody ridiculous” said Hamish, “We’re never going to get anywhere at this rate. Go and get a bottle of wine and some glasses and let’s decide how we are going to do this."

Wine glass in hand, Hamish outlined the plan. “Since we agree that we will all be naked during this, here’s what I suggest. Gillian should undress me, then Sally should undress her and then when I undress Sally the show will begin. What do you think?”

“Sounds okay to me.” said Gillian

“Suppose it will have to do," said Sally, “but I feel sick right now, gotta go to the bathroom."

Whilst Sally was out of the room Gillian drew the curtains and Hamish refilled the glasses.

“I can’t do it in here, its got to be the bed room” stated Sally upon her return.

“Okay, we’ll move into the bedroom once we are ready to start. The signal will be the next time you put your glass down on the coffee table,” Hamish said.

With that Sally picked up her glass and downed its contents in one go, slamming the glass down on the table.

“Blimey I thought I would get to enjoy my drink at least” Hamish gulped.

Gillian without saying a word got out off her seat and told Hamish to stand up. Nervously he did so and stood to face her. Looking him straight in the eye she pulled his Jethro Tull T-shirt out of his jeans and began to walk around him pulling the shirt out as she went. When she was behind him she reached round and undid his belt, button and zip, which was some relief to Hamish as his cock had begun to harden as soon as she had stood up and was now pressing urgently against the confines of his jeans. He held his arms up as she peeled the t-shirt off over his head and threw it on the floor. She then knelt in front of him and pulled down his jeans, which he kicked off and as she removed his boxer shorts Hamish’s cock sprang out now completely hard with the head bright red and throbbing. Still on her knees Gillian could feel the heat pulsating from Hamish’s cock and see the droplets of pre-cum that had begun to form on its head. She licked her lips and her eyes filled with a lustful glint.

“You can look but you can’t touch,” said Hamish reminding Gillian of the agreement. An evil glare momentarily spread across her face but she quickly replaced it with a forced smile and stood turning to face Sally who had been watching from her seat. 

“My turn next,” she spat at Sally

Sally hesitantly stood up, kicked off her sandals, took a deep breath and walked over to where Gillian stood. All the time staring her straight in the eye with a look of sheer contempt Sally undid the buttons on Gillian’s blouse, exposing a pair of tits much larger than her own with nipples that were hard, erect and pointing to the ceiling. Hamish who had sat back down was watching Gillian’s disrobing and slowly stroking his cock, sliding his hand expertly from tip to base and up again, pausing momentarily to squeeze the tip forcing spasms of pleasure to pulsate the length of his shaft.

In one go Gillian’s trousers and knickers were literally hauled down her legs to reveal one of the hairiest pussies that Hamish had ever seen. Thick curly hair almost as ginger as the hair on her head covered Gillian’s groin. As she lifted her feet out of the clothes on the floor Hamish could see the glisten of moisture on the engorged lips of her pussy causing him to pump his hand up and down his cock faster, with his other hand fondling his balls filling the whole of his lower body with ripples of lust.

“Don’t you forget what you’re here for,” said Gillian as she straightened up again and began to massage her tits so that the already erect nipples grew even harder and more pointed.

Sally walked over to Hamish, took hold of both his hands and made him stand up.

“Follow Me,” she said taking hold of his cock and leading him into the bedroom. 

Gillian followed behind and whilst Sally and Hamish stopped at the bottom of the old-fashioned bedstead she climbed into the wickerwork basket chair in the corner. As she sat cross-legged in the chair stoking her tits, her pussy slowly peeled apart to reveal soft inner lips that were slowly oozing creamy love juice.

Sally and Hamish faced each other at the bottom of the bed, Hamish put his arms around Sally and held her close, and he could feel her shaking in his arms and knew that it wasn’t lust that was causing this. 

“It will be okay,” he said as he leaned in and kissed her softly on the lips. 

Sally returned his kiss and slowly opened her lips to receive Hamish’s tongue that gently probed her mouth. Her tongue began to entwine with Hamish’s and as their kissing became more passionate their mouths parted and they poked at each other’s tongues like two cavaliers locked in a duel. Hamish was running his hands up and down Sally’s back, finding her spine and running his fingers gently up and down causing Sally to wriggle as the sensations rippled through her body. As their mouths parted Sally melted into Hamish’s grip and he began to nuzzle her neck covering it in kisses and licking and nibbling her neck and ear lobes. Sally began to thrust her hips forward and grind her groin into Hamish’s cock, which had been pushed upright as they had embraced. Expertly he undid her bra strap and almost in the same motion turned her around so that her bum was now pushing into his cock that now nestled between her bum cheeks. As he undid her blouse buttons from the bottom he was kissing and licking her neck and face. When the last button was undone he put his arms around her waist and gently slid his hands over her belly and round her ribcage and grasped both her tits, gently kneading them so that the nipples grew hard and rounded. Sally turned her head and kissed Hamish hungrily, running her tongue around his lips, darting it in and out of his mouth. 

Hamish told her to turn around and grasp hold of the bedstead. Whilst Sally was turning around Hamish looked over to the chair where Gillian was watching. She was now only fondling one tit as her other hand had wandered to her hairy mound and she was gently rubbing her pussy forcing open the lips so that even more love juice glistened on the dark red mass of hair that covered her groin. Her finger slowly began to circle her clit, which Hamish could now see was hard and erect.

Moving behind Sally and kneeling on the floor Hamish gently pushed up her skirt, over her hips revealing a pair of silky knickers held in place by a small bow at each side. One hand he slid up to grasp Sally’s tits, holding both of them in one hand and squeezing them together. As he kissed the backs of her thighs his other hand massaged her buttocks, causing Sally to moan softly and begin rhythmically rocking from foot to foot. As his upwardly mobile tongue encountered the hem of her knickers Hamish slid his tongue underneath and traced the outline of her buttocks. He followed the outline of the silky cloth to the left until he encountered the bow. This he undid with his teeth and gently nuzzled aside the knickers that fell to the floor. Hamish began licking the hard firm buttocks that were now fully exposed. Shifting his position slightly he slid his hand down from Sally’s tits and grasped a buttock in each hand. Squeezing them at first together and then apart he gently massaged her buttocks. As he gently pulled the buttocks apart he got full sight of her lovely dark bum hole and at the same time could see the engorged lips of her pussy prising apart in response to his manipulations. At each stoke he could hear the moist lips reluctantly parting company and the glisten of Sally’s delicious love juices increase as more and more of it oozed from her pussy. His cock was throbbing as never before and Hamish used every ounce of his determination to resist the urge to thrust his cock hard into Sally’s pussy. Instead he prised her buttocks as far apart as he could and covered her bum hole with his mouth, running his tongue gently round the rim of her bum, barely touching the skin.

There were two sharp intakes of breath as Hamish began rimming Sally’s bum. One from Sally herself who was now leaning over the bedstead supporting her weight on her forearms, thrusting her bum back onto Hamish’s mouth as much as her quivering legs would allow.

The other intake of breath was from Gillian who could not believe what she was watching. She was now frantically rubbing her clit with one hand that slid up and down her pussy, whilst three fingers of her other hand were deep inside her pussy in a co-ordinated thrusting motion that was causing her to break out into a sweat and she was so wet from the erotic scene in front of her that every thrust of her hand filled the room with a loud squelching sound accompanying the musky smell of her love juices that wafted throughout the room.

Sally was by now shaking uncontrollably as Hamish’s tongue probed her bum hole sending sensations throughout her body almost bringing her to orgasm but not enough o actually give her the relief she wanted.

Hamish changed his position so that he was now sitting on the floor with his face in front of Sally’s neatly trimmed pussy where he could see her love juices oozing out of her and begin to slowly trickle down her inner thighs. He breathed in deeply savouring her smell. As he exhaled Sally let out a soft moan as the warm breath drifted over her ever so sensitive lips. Taking in another breath Hamish covered the whole of her pussy with his mouth and gently exhaled again. As he reached the end of his breath he ran his tongue the full length of Sally’s pussy from bottom to top, prising open her lips as he did so which let forth a small gush of love juice which dribbled down his chin. As his tongue moved upwards he began to probe further inside her pussy, pushing past her inner lips and under the small hood that encapsulated her clitoris that was hard and burning hot. At the first fleeting contact of his tongue with her clit Sally’s legs began to buckle and she had to lean forward onto the back of Hamish’s head to remain upright. She pulled his head into her belly wrapping her fingers into his hair so that she could apply even more pressure forcing his mouth harder onto her pussy.

Circling her clit with his tongue, occasionally dragging it over the top and sucking on it to make it even more erect, Hamish was also circling Sally’s bum hole with his fingers. Taking one of his thumbs he gently inserted into Sally’s pussy. The warm wet sensation of her love juices on his hand sent spasms through his cock which was by down rhythmically bouncing of its own accord in time with his heart beat as the hot blood throbbed through his shaft. Unable to ignore his cock any more he began to slowly wank himself with his other hand, setting up a slow rhythm which matched the movement of his tongue on Sally’s clit which was in turn matched by the motion of his thumb inside her pussy slowly grinding against her g-spot. 

Sally was bent almost double by now with the conflicting pleasurable sensations coursing through her body and began to rock in time with Hamish’s movements. The fire inside her had now grown so hot that she was unable to stop her body shaking uncontrollably. Her stomach ached as her muscles contracted and expanded as the orgasm build up inside her. Hardly able to breath she threw her head back and let out a long deep moan as she exploded in orgasm, her whole body quivering as the pleasure gushed through her body. Hamish felt her pussy contract around his thumb and his wanking of himself became faster and more furious as he could feel his own orgasm building. 

Sally slowly stood up and back from Hamish so that his lips left her clit and his thumb slipped from her pussy followed by a warm flow of cum. As she regained control of her senses and stumbled onto the bed, she smiled at Hamish who was left cross-legged on the floor furiously stroking his cock.

“Don’t waste it there,” she said stretching out her hand to Hamish, inviting him onto the bed. 

Hamish reluctantly stopped his wanking and grasped the tip of his cock. As he squeezed hard the sensations gradually subsided and he stood up to join Sally on the bed. 

Gillian was still cross-legged in the wicker chair but her legs were spread wide apart stretching her pussy wide open. With her head flung back she was slowly rubbing her pussy with the flat of her hand and pinching her nipples with the other. Judging by the stain on the cushion of the chair she had had her own orgasm and was now enjoying its after-effects.

As Hamish approached the bed Sally reached out and stopped him. She swung her legs onto the floor so that she was sitting on the edge of the bed. She grasped hold of Hamish’s cock and bending her head slightly she licked the tip of it, savouring the salty taste of his pre-cum which dribbled out of his cock. This caused a shiver to run down the length of Hamish’s cock and down his legs to his toes. 

Sally licked the head of his cock expertly engulfing it as her tongue twisted around and over it. Drawing back she looked up at Hamish and smiled, then enveloped his cock in her soft lips as she leaned forward and took the entire length of his cock into her mouth. She clamped her lips around his shaft as she slid it into her mouth and at the same time managed to still run her tongue round and round his tip. The warm moist sensations of her mouth and the attention of her tongue meant that it was now Hamish’s turn to quiver and shake. Sally increased the speed of her thrusting that meant that she was not able to take all of his cock now but every backward stroke was accompanied by a rapid flickering of her tongue around his tip. As she settled into a rhythm Sally grasped Hamish’s balls and began to massage them gently at first and then gradually increasing the force and speed. Hamish gritted his teeth and swore under his breath at the ecstasy that Sally was delivering which was a strange mixture of pleasure and pain. Sally seemed to know how to regulate her pressure so that things stayed on the pleasure side of the dividing line.

Opening his eyes Hamish looked over Sally’s head to where Gillian was now more sprawled than sitting in the chair. Her feet pressing firmly into the floor, her knees splayed apart opening up her pussy to the hand that was now furiously rubbing at her clit. Her other hand gripped the arm of the chair and her head was flopped over the back of the chair. The room was filled with the creaking of the wickerwork chair as Gillian rocked back and forth to increase the sensations she was inducing in her self. Soon the creaking of the wickerwork was competing with Gillian’s breathing and moaning. Another sound entered the competition as the moaning gave way to whimpering. This happening in time with the rocking and rubbing that was increasing in intensity too. As Gillian reached another climax her whimpers became shorter and clipped. They became almost inaudible as she suddenly stopped moving for a fraction of a second and all became momentarily still. Then with a fast and furious flourish of rubbing, with her head dropping forward in her concentration, her whole body became racked with an uncontrollable convulsion. She let out a high-pitched yelp and then collapsed back into the chair as her orgasm flooded throughout her body. Sweat formed on her forehead and upper body and her legs glistened from where cum oozed out of her pussy. Gillian lay back gasping for breath, eyes closed and arms flopped at her side

In order to regain Hamish’s attention Sally took her index finger and traced a line from the tip of his cock right down his scrotum, across his perineum and began to circle his bum hole. Hamish bent his knees slightly and Sally was able to slip the tip of her finger into his bum. She matched the insertion of her finger to the motion of her mouth on Hamish’s cock so that once again hot burning sensations were welling up inside Hamish and his cock began to throb as he felt his cum rising.

Sally must have felt it too because she slowly stopped her mouth rocking on his cock and removed her finger from his bum. She reached up and pulled Hamish onto the bed. Her mouth locked onto his and as they wriggled on the bed their tongues recommenced their earlier battle.

Sally moved herself so that she was on top of Hamish and as she sat up his cock nuzzled in to her buttocks. As Hamish attempted to manoeuvre his cock into her bum hole Sally slipped forward,

“ Not yet,” she whispered, “I’m not finished.” 

Sally carried on up the bed so that she was above Hamish’s face. As she spread her legs Hamish looked straight into the bright pink mass of her pussy that was speckled with droplets of white cum. He licked his lips as Sally peeled apart her inner lips to reveal the nesting place of her clit that was still hard and erect. Sally lowered herself onto Hamish’s face and let out a moan of delight as his tongue flicked across the surface of her clit, his lips encircling it and holding it still. Hamish thrust his chin into Sally’s pussy and felt her warm moist lips enveloping his face. He could feel droplets of cum and love juice trickling down his cheeks. His tongue was now furiously working round and round Sally’s clit pushing it into her pelvic bone and then periodically making forays into her pussy so that he could lick inside her, flicking his tongue as deep as he could, rubbing every nodule that covered the walls of her pussy. At the same time he had to try and breath as his nose was pressed against her clit and Sally was grinding her body against his face and love juices constantly oozed over his face.
