 I wrote this story for my girlfriend for Christmas as a threesome is a big fantasy of hers. It's the first story I've ever uploaded so let me know what I can improve on in the future. Cheers.

*****

Jason was over the moon to be back in the Bay after being away from Amanda for over 2 weeks. She picked him up from the airport and the two of them couldn't be more excited to see each other. Jason noticed straight away that she had dressed up for him wearing long stockings and a sexy new short jumpsuit that just barely covered her wonderful bum. They wrapped each other up in a passionate embrace, she wrapped her legs around his waist, her lips against his and they let each other know how much they loved and had missed each other. The welcome kiss and the sight of Amanda was enough to make Jason want to go home and rip her clothes off however Amanda had booked a romantic dinner for them so after very quickly dropping off his bags they were off to the restaurant. 

Their waitress for the night came over to welcome and serve them. She said her name was Lucy and then took our orders for a bottle of wine and lots of food to share. Jason and Amanda were both taken by how gorgeous she was, neither wanted to say anything but sensed the other thinking the same thing. She was only slightly taller than Amanda with long blonde hair, a small waist and lovely curves. After chat of the last two weeks apart the conversation soon turned dirty. The idea of being naughty in a restaurant was becoming overwhelmingly sexy to them both. Under the table he ran his hand up her long stockings and slipped it up the leg of her jumpsuit. He immediately felt the warmth of her pussy that he had missed so much for the last fortnight. He rubbed up and down through her knickers over her hardening clit. Amanda relished the feel of his hands and knew Jason would be getting hard so she decided to rub him through his jeans. 

She was feeling really naughty and decided to take the next step. No one was sitting near them so she slipped his cock out of his jeans. She started to run her hand up and down his cock pulling his foreskin down to reveal his big head. They both felt that they were hiding their dirty indiscretions well from everyone and had no idea that their waitress could see everything that was happening from across the room and she was getting very turned on herself. She brought over their food and asked if there was anything else at all she could do for them. Amanda caught Jason trying to stare down the top of their waitress and pumped his cock a little harder and faster. He struggled to reply to her but managed to say that they were good for now. Jason was fighting the want to cum under the table so he reluctantly strained to hide his cock back in his pants. They managed to eat the majority of their dinner without touching each other before Amanda needed to head to the toilet.

Whilst at the toilet the waitress came back over to Jason asking if everything was ok. He said it was all great. To his surprise the waitress then let him know that she had been watching his cock being wanked off under the table. He went very red in the face and apologised profusely saying he promised it would never happen again. The waitress told him that actually she was watching it and getting a bit wet and that his girlfriend was absolutely phenomenal. Hearing this Jason had a sexy idea that he proposed to her and the two of them came up with an exciting plan for later on in the night. A plan that Amanda had always dreamed about. As Amanda was returning to the table she saw the waitress whisper in Jason's ear and walk away. She asked if everything was ok and Jason replied that everything was absolutely perfect. 

They finished their dinner, both ordered dessert and they shared a second bottle of wine as he tried to prolong things waiting for Lucy's shift to finish. Jason told Amanda to go wait in the lobby while he took care of the bill. Amanda found the request a bit odd but obliged and found Lucy in the lobby waiting for her. Lucy walked up to her straight away and pushed her lips against hers, up against the wall. Amanda loved the sensation but pushed her away knowing Jason might not be so happy. That was when Jason walked out smiling and told her that to thank her for dinner and her outfit he had wondered if she would like to have some fun at home with Lucy and him. Amanda shocked but excited said of course she would. They walked home together with lots of semi drunken flirting and hand holding between the three. Jason managed to put his mild jealousy to the side and allowed himself to get excited about the idea of having both of these two beautiful women.

They had the house to themselves, Jason asked if they wanted drinks but the girls headed straight for the bedroom. The three of them stood together looking at each other brimming with nervous excitement as this was the first threesome for all of them. Amanda lifted up Lucy's dress showing off her matching black lacy bra and cheeky knickers that couldn't contain all of her ass. She kissed her and savoured the softness of her lips and the contrast from Jason's. Amanda turned her around kissed her neck and slowly released the bra clasp; Jason moved around in front of Lucy and pushed his lips against hers. Amanda dropped the bra revealing Lucy's lovely breasts, slightly smaller than her own. Jason reached up to feel them, softly working to make her nipples hard as he kissed her. Amanda, still behind her, made her way down to Lucy's lacy panties and pulled them down showing off her large round ass and strip of short blonde pubic hair running from the top of her slit.

Before they got too carried away on Lucy's lovely body she decided Amanda was wearing too many clothes. She unzipped her jumpsuit and let it fall to the ground. Lucy lapped up the beautiful sight in front of her and couldn't wait to see her without her lingerie on. She undid her bra and let her big beautiful breasts fall just a little, her nipples already erect. She took each nipple in her mouth in turn while Jason pulled her g string down from behind to expose her perfect bum and totally hairless pussy with lovely little lips. He kissed her down her back and to her cheeks while Lucy kissed down her stomach finding her hardening clit with her tongue. Amanda loved the feel of her boyfriend's hands over her while this new girl was twirling her clit around in her mouth. Jason moved from kissing over her buttocks to spreading her cheeks to reveal her tight asshole that had only been touched by her boy a few times. He licked around her hole choosing to occasionally push against it with his tongue. Her moans grew louder and louder, the two tongues licking and prodding faster and faster. She got to the precipice of orgasm but pushed them both away. She wanted to wait to later and wanted to see Jason without his clothes on. 

He was still wearing his singlet and boxers which were showing the impressive outline of his hard penis. Lucy took off his singlet while Amanda gave his boxers a tug and pulled them off him. His cock bounced and stood up rigid straight in front of Amanda's face. She took the head of his cock in her mouth; Lucy kissed down his stomach all the way down to the base of his penis. She fell in love with his penis knowing that it would stretch and fill up her pussy nicely. She licked from the base of her penis to the tip where she found Amanda's tongue and took that in her mouth. They made out momentarily learning how each other's tongue worked in each other mouths. Jason grabbed his cock and slowly began to rub himself watching the amazing scene of these two amazing naked girls making out and feeling each other's bodies at the end of his cock. 

Feeling Jason was being neglected Amanda turned back to Jason's cock and wrapped her lips around his head taking him in her mouth before bobbing her head back and forward. Lucy wanted a go and tried to show off by taking closer to three quarters of his cock while Amanda sucked and played with his balls in his tight sac. Jason was moaning loudly now and couldn't believe how good it was to have two gorgeous woman both working on his cock. Amanda then took his cock and swallowed it all the way to its base and gagged on it a few times knowing that was one of his favourite things and that it would blow his mind. He started pushing his hips forward to give as much of himself to Amanda as possible. Lucy knew she couldn't do it as well as this and started stroking and feeling the area between his bum hole and balls. It was nearly all too much for Jason and he decided to stop them before he came deep down Amanda's throat.

They finally made their way to the bed as Amanda pulled Lucy down on top of her. It had been a long time since she had been with a girl and it felt really nice to have her softness against her skin again, her breasts rubbing against another woman's curves and her clit against another clit. Lucy started to make her way down Amanda's body kissing from her neck down to her breasts, then sinking further down the bed to kiss her belly and her hairless mound. Jason stopped watching from the side of the bed and went over to passionately kiss Amanda. He gave her tongue a familiar pattern and taste, one that she loved so very much. Lucy inhaled Amanda's smell and excitedly prepared to taste her sexy puss. She kissed the inside of both thighs slowly moving her way over to her clit. She used her hands to spread her and then licked in long broad strokes. Amanda was dripping with her wetness and Lucy was licking up every delicious drop. 

Lucy then pushed her tongue as deep into her vagina as she could and Amanda started raising her hips up to fuck her tongue back. Amanda whispered to Jason that she wanted to watch him fuck Lucy. He moved around behind her to see her ass high in the air. Her pussy had nearly gotten as wet as Amanda's from just eating her out. Before he put his rigid cock in her he wanted to taste her while she was busy tasting Amanda. She tasted different but loved having her clit sucked on and licked in the same way as Amanda and they were both moaning together loudly. Jason couldn't resist giving her tight asshole a lick and Lucy let out a moan of shock and pleasure of this brand new feeling to her. She was moaning louder than when he was eating her pussy so he kept going licking and pushing his tongue in. It was clear they were both getting close to coming so Jason grabbed his cock and pushed it up against the warmth of Lucy's wet pussy. He checked over to Amanda to make sure she was really happy that this was going to happen and she couldn't wait to see. 

With that he pushed inside her. He felt her walls stretch open as he filled up her pussy and fucked her deeper and deeper in doggy. He slipped a finger into her already lubed ass and continued to fuck her mixing his fast short strokes with deep hard ones. The sensation of having both her holes all full up was too much for her. Amanda was in heaven having her pussy eating while watching her lover deep inside Lucy. This was enough to make the two girls come together in the loudest most amazing orgasm he had ever heard. Jason tried to hold on but the view of his girlfriend and the feeling of this new pussy wrapped around his cock set him off. Not knowing her contraception he pulled his cock out and while grunting shot load after load onto Lucy's pussy and over her bum. She ran a finger through his cum taking it to her own mouth to try it and then forced Jason to taste the same. 

The three of them collapsed onto the bed, now saturated with sex, next to one another exhausted and excited to have had their first threesome. Lucy left the room to go the toilet and tried to clean the rest of Jason's cum off her. Jason and Amanda had a drink while he asked her what more she wanted from the night. She said that she was a bit disappointed she didn't get to eat Lucy's pussy and that she didn't get to feel his cock in her after not having it for weeks. Just the idea of both was enough to get Jason semi hard again. He mounted Amanda, started making out with her and told her that he loved her. Lucy walked back into the room to see Amanda's legs spread wide with Jason rubbing his hardening cock up and down Amanda's slit making it nice and wet before rubbing it all over her clit. 

She thought that the night may have been done after the last session so was very excited to see this gorgeous couple preparing to make love again. Amanda told her that she would love to repay the earlier favour and lick her now. Lucy could feel herself getting wet again already. Jason moved a pillow under Amanda's bum to be able to fuck her at a better angle. Lucy moved into place to lower herself onto Amanda's face backwards giving her an amazing view of her tight pussy and ass hole. Just as she could almost taste her, Lucy pulled away just out of reach, cheekily teasing her. Amanda needed to taste pussy for the first time in years and reached up grabbed her hips and pulled her down towards her mouth and thrust her tongue deep into her cunt. Jason pushed his cock deep into Amanda's pussy and filled her with ecstasy. 

She loved the sensation of the man she loved inside while she lapped away at this new friend's pussy being ground down onto her mouth. Jason kept pumping in and out of her pussy while leaning forward to play with Lucy's nipples. Lucy was busy leaning forward and rubbing Amanda's clit in rhythm with Jason's hips fucking back and forth. Occasionally he would pull back to far, slip out of Amanda and Lucy made sure to take his penis in her mouth licking off the mixture of Jason and Amandas's juices and directing it back inside her. Amandas moaning was getting louder and louder and she was occasionally struggling to focus on the gorgeous pussy sitting on her face.

Lucy loved the view but after having her first ever bum play tonight she wanted to see something even naughtier. She leaned forward to grab Amandas's legs and pulled them back towards her. This exposed more of Amandas's bum to Jason and he realised what Lucy wanted him to do next. Amanda was saturated and dripping down to her bum so he didn't even bother with lube. He held his throbbing cock against her tight sexy little hole and to his surprise she pushed her ass down against it taking it inside as she craved the feeling of having him inside her. Lucy could see Amandas's asshole stretched to accommodate Jason's big cock and thought it looked fucking hot. She couldn't wait to be taken the same way the next time she fucks. Amanda had always loved the pleasure anal gave Jason but today she was truly enjoying taking Jason's cock inside her ass

With Jason now deep inside Amandas's backdoor Lucy could let go of her legs. She instead lay flat against Amanda and started licking away at her pussy while Jason fucked her asshole. Jason could feel another orgasm building quickly as in front of him was the sexiest thing he had ever seen, both woman locked in a 69 while he was giving his girlfriend anal. He asked where he should cum but as too late and before Amanda could give him an answer he pulled her in deep giving her all of his engorged cock in her ass and shot stream after stream inside her. The feeling of it was enough to send Amanda over the limit. With Lucy's tongue still twirling around her clit and Amandas's tongue inside Lucy's pussy they again came loudly together convulsing on each other's faces. . 

Again they collapsed back onto the bed in a sweaty pile of bodies. Jason kissed his beautiful girlfriend telling her how much he truly loved her and thanked her for the threesome. Amanda couldn't wipe the smile off her face she had always wanted a threesome and didn't imagine it would be as good as it was. Amanda made sure to stand over Jason on the way to the toilet pushing out some cum onto his stomach from his own creampie. For a change he was too exhausted to care. She returned to give both Jason and Lucy a kiss before falling asleep in their arms.

A few hours later Jason pleasantly woke to find Lucy's mouth wrapped around his cock and her finger pushing against his asshole. He was surprised that she wanted to go again; he thought the night was done. He also wondered where Amanda was, not wanting this to happen without her around. Then he saw his beautiful girlfriend walking towards the bed completely naked except for her brand new strap on...