 Edited by Todger65

It was Friday afternoon. I got a call from an old work colleague Ben, who I had known for a few years. He knew a lot about me and some of my sexual likes as he knew some of my male friends. He mentioned he was having a few work colleagues over for the weekend and wanted to know if I would like to join them. Straight away I was very keen and excited. He asked me if II would mind wearing a skimpy bikini. I laughed and told him for sure, that would be fine. I got off the phone and went through my bikinis and found the perfect one. It was a Black bikini with g-string bottoms; a sure turn on.

I woke up on Saturday and couldn't wait for the party. I spent the day lazing around. About 2pm I got changed into my bikini and put a see through white summer dress over the top and headed off to join Ben and his friends. 

I got to the house and parked the car. From the outside, his house was big and on a large acreage. I walked to the door and press the doorbell. Ben answered the door and greeted me, inviting me into his beautiful home. Ben walked me through to where his friends were and introduced me. Ben's friends were older which did not bother me. The youngest would have been in his late 40s and the oldest mid-60s.

Ben showed me around the house before leading me into the kitchen where he passed me a beer. 

"I see you wore your bikini," Ben said after looking me up and down.

"Yes, I did. How about I take the dress off. Would you and your friends like that?"

"Definitely, please do," he replied.

I removed my dress revealing my bikini. Ben led me back to where his friends were. I could feel their eyes all over my body. It was a turn on being the center of their attention. One of the guys asked if I would like to join them in a game of pool. 

"Sure, I like playing pool." I replied. 

The guys set up the balls and passed me the cue, letting me break. When it was my turn again I moved in position. I bent over the table and lined the cue up. As I was preparing my shot I caught their reflection in the mirror. I could see the reflection of the guys standing behind me. I took the shot and moved away from the table. When it was my turn again I leaned over the table and took my time taking my shot. I looked around and notice the guys eyeing off my arse. I stood up and took another look at the table delaying my shot giving the guys more time to perv. I moved to the other side of the table positioning the guys behind me. I raised my left leg and stretched right over the table. I could feel my g-string was barely covering my pussy as I felt a cool breeze against my pussy lips. I took my time taking my shot. I then headed over to the table and finished my drink. Before I knew it, it was my shot again. I could tell the guys were rushing their shots so their eyes could watch my body spread over the table. I took my shot and moved away. The next shot the game was over.

I went to the kitchen to grab a drink then headed back. I sat on the couch watching the guys continue to play pool. One of the guys came over and sat down beside me. We chatted for a few minutes before another guy came over and joined us. As I looked around I could see that all of them continued staring at my body. I moved forward on the couch and moved my legs apart. As I looked down I could see my pussy lips escaping from the sides of my bikini. I grabbed my drink off the table, had a few big gulps and finished the bottle. 

"I think you would be more comfortable without the bikini top." commented the older of the two guys as he smiled.

"It sure would be but wouldn't you guys be more comfortable removing your shorts." I replied. 

I slowly removed my bikini top revealing my breasts. Without a word all the guys removed their shorts revealing their cocks. I could feel my pussy getting wet. One of the guys next to me ran his hand up my thigh touching my pussy lips. It made me feel so aroused. The two guys on the couch with me had their cocks hard and ready. I took hold and started stroking them both. Another came over and knelt between my legs and ran his tongue over my revealing lips. It felt so good and I could feel my bikini bottoms getting so wet.

I stood up and removed my wet bikini bottoms. I was so turned on and ready to be used. I straddled one of the guys on the couch and slid his hard cock inside my wet pussy. I reached over and started stroking two cocks. I pulled them close taking them in my mouth one at a time and their hands grabbing my breast and pinching my nipples felt so good. I felt a hand on my back pushing me forward. 

"How about we stretch your pussy with a second cock, would you like that?" said the guy standing behind me.

"Yes please, fill me." I replied.

I kept hold of the two cocks, stroking as I felt the second cock enter my pussy. It felt so good I could feel I was going to cum. I moved my hips faster as my body exploded cumming all over their hard cocks. My body started to relax as I felt the guy from behind remove his hard cock. Another guy moved in and slid his cock inside. I could feel the two cocks stretching my tight pussy as they pumped their cocks inside me. The feeling was amazing. My thoughts were running wild. I've always loved being gangbanged as it made me feel like a dirty slut. I love the feeling of being used and being the center of attention. 

After a few minutes I slid the two cocks out and stood up. I moved over to the older guy also sitting on the couch. I bent over and sucked his cock before turning around and mounting him backwards. I slid his cock slowly in my arse taking it all the way in before lying back on his chest. 

"You like it in the arse." One of the guys asked.

"I love it, especially when I have another cock in my pussy." I replied. 

Another guy moved between my legs holding them up as he filled my pussy with his cock. 

"That feels so good." I moaned. 

Ben stood up on the couch beside me stroking his cock.

"Are you having fun?" Ben asked.

"Oh yes, I want you and your friends to do what ever you want to me." I replied.

I took Ben's hard cock in my mouth and started sucking while the two cocks stretched my pussy and arse. I could feel my body getting ready to cum again. I lay back as my body shook and my pussy came. I continued lying back while they fucked me and I continued sucking Ben. I could feel their cocks getting harder and harder before the guy standing between my legs pulled his cock out and started stroking. 

"I'm ready to come baby."

I sat up and took his cock in my mouth sucking and stroking him until all of a sudden he exploded in my mouth. 

"Fuck yeah, suck it baby. That feels good."

The guys helped me up and laid me on the floor. They gathered around me stroking their cocks. 

Ben looked at me. "Time to cover you in all our cum babe." 

"Hmmmm, give it to me." I replied.

As they stroked their cocks my hands ravished my body fingering my pussy and squeezing my breasts. All of a sudden they started shooting their cum. I opened my mouth tasting the cum landing on my lips and tongue. I could feel the warm cum all over my body.

After a few minutes the guys started to get up. Ben helped me up and passed me my bikini and showed me where the bathroom was. I entered the bathroom and closed the door. I looked in the mirror to see my body covered in cum. I got into the shower and washed myself clean then hopped out of the shower and dried my naked body.

After about 20 minutes I came out of the bathroom dressed in my bikini. My pussy was very swollen and I could feel my bikini riding between my pussy lips. I noticed the guys had headed outside to the bar by the pool where they were drinking. Ben came over and passed me a drink.

"What time do you have to go?" Ben asked.

"I don't." I replied.

I put my drink down and headed over to the pool and walked in down the stairs in the shallow end. I swam over to the side where a few guys were sitting on the side.

"So did we look after you in there?" one of the guys asked. 

"Sure did." I replied.

"I can't believe a young thing like you would enjoy fucking old guys like us."

"Oh I sure do and the best thing is I have seven of you guys to fuck me how ever you please."

One of the guys got up from the side of the pool and took off his shorts revealing his hard erect cock. He got in to the pool and swam up behind me. He pulled my g-string to the side as he slid his cock inside my pussy. He grabbed my hips as he started fucking me. Another guy got up and sat directly in front of me. His cock was hard and erect and waiting for my mouth to take him deep. I took hold of his cock and sucked as I ran my lips and tongue up and down his shaft. I felt his cock starting to get harder. I could tell he was ready to cum. He grabbed my hair and gently pulled my head up as he took hold of his cock and starting stroking. 

"God yeah taste it babe." He said as his cock exploded over my face. 

I stuck his cock in my mouth and cleaned off his cum. After a few minutes I could feel the cock inside my pussy getting hard. The water in the pool started splashing as he pounded my pussy harder and faster. The guys watched getting ready to take their turns fucking me.

"Give it to her hard. Fill that pussy." said one of the guys while he watched. 

He pulled me close and held me with his cock exploding deep inside my pussy.

"Fuck yeah. You're nice and full now baby."

I made my way to the stairs and washed the cum off my face before getting out of the pool. As I climbed the stairs one of the guys passed me a towel. I removed my wet bikini and dried myself off. I walked to the bar for a drink as the guys stared at my naked body. 

"I think we should take her inside guys." Said Ben.

I gulped down my drink before we headed inside. Ben took my hand and led me down the hallway as the guys followed us. There were 4 bedrooms we passed before we entered a large bedroom. There was a king size bed in the room. The room had a large TV mounted on the wall viewable from the bed. There was also a large ensuite bathroom with a large spa. 

Ben went over to a cupboard hidden behind the door and grabbed a remote. 

"How about we watch some porn." Suggested Ben.

"Sure. I like watching porn. What have you got?" I asked. 

"Well since you like being gangbanged, I think I have the perfect movie." Said Ben.

We focused our eyes on the TV. There was a motel room full of guys all fucking one women. The guys were of all ages all taking turns fucking her every way possible. It was just the type of movie I like to watch. 

I was lying on the bed with my legs apart and my pussy was dripping wet. Two guys moved up to the head of the bed and held their cocks next to my mouth. I took turns sucking and stroking each cock taking it slow then fast. Another guy lay down between my legs and started licking my pussy. He spread my lips apart teasing every part. All of a sudden I could feel my body tense. I let go of one of the cocks and put my hand on the head of the guy licking my pussy. As I was about to come I pressed his head into my pussy exploding my cum all over his tongue.

"Oh god that feels good." I said as I let out a loud moan.

"I want you guys to fuck me." I begged as I continued sucking.

"Come on guys let's get a few cocks inside her." Ben suggested.

The guys moved around the bed changing positions. They helped me up and guided me on to a cock ready to ride. I felt a second cock from behind stretch my pussy. I could feel every inch of both cocks sliding inside me. It felt so good. After a few minutes the guy from behind moved away. I turned my head and noticed Ben standing behind me. 

"Time to fuck your arse." Ben said as he slowly inserted his cock in to my arse.

Oh my god. His cock stretching my arse felt so good, as both guys worked together in rhythm. 

"Yes yes, fuck me harder I'm going to cum." I shouted as my body was almost ready to orgasm.

Ben grabbed my hair and pulled my head back as he rammed his cock deeper in my arse. I screamed as my body shook over and over as I came while their cocks continued fucking me. After a minute Ben pulled out his cock ready for the next guy to fuck my arse. 

After they all took turns they laid me on my back on the bed. One at a time they got on top of me fucking my pussy. My head was over the edge of the bed, and looking up I could see the guys patiently waiting their turn to fuck me. One of the guys moved over and started fucking my mouth. I could feel his cock deep in my throat. I felt my legs being held and spread further apart which allowed the cock in my pussy deeper access. The guys took turns over and over fucking my pussy and mouth. I could taste their pre-cum as I sucked their cocks. The only taste better than their pre-cum was going to be the taste of their cum.

After a while the guys got up off the bed and helped me up. They positioned me on my knees ready to be fucked from behind. I felt a hard cock enter my pussy fucking me hard and deep. Ben lay down in front of me ready for me to take his cock in my mouth. I ran my tongue around the head of his cock then took the whole shaft deep in my mouth. I then ran my lips and tongue up and down his cock making him very hard. I took his cock in my hand and started stroking him. 

"Oh baby, open that mouth." Ben demanded as I continued stroking.

I opened my mouth ready to catch every drop of Bens cum. I stroked his cock while the guys kept fucking my pussy. I could tell Ben was ready to cum.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, take it all baby." Ben said as his cock exploded.

I could feel every drop shoot out of his cock deep in my mouth. With my tongue I licked every last drop off his cock. Ben caught his breath and hopped off the bed. The oldest guy of the group lay down in front of me ready to fuck my mouth. I grabbed his cock and started stroking. I ran my tongue over his cock then started licking his balls. I could tell he enjoyed it by his deep breathing. I felt the cock slide out of my pussy as the next guy moved in ready. This time the cock filled my arse. The feeling was amazing and I knew it wasn't going to be long before I came again. As his cock pounded my arse I could feel his balls slapping against my wet pussy. I slid my hand down between my legs and rubbed my wet pussy before sliding my fingers inside. I took the cock out of my mouth and continued stroking his cock. My body was ready to cum.

"Fuck me harder, harder." I screamed.

My body came hard as my pussy came all over my fingers. I continued rubbing my wet pussy as my body shook over and over before I started to relax. He continued fucking my arse and his cock got so hard as he was getting ready to cum.

"Oh yeah. Take it babe. Going to fill your arse." He said as his cock was about to explode.

As his cock came hard I could feel his warm cum in my arse. The feeling was so amazing. 

After a minute the guys got up off the bed and rolled me over onto my back. Again my head was over the edge of the bed. I looked up at the TV. The women had guy after guy cumming all over her, at least 15 guys. What a lucky women I thought to myself. The guys stroked their cocks around me. Watching them was such a turn on. Before I knew it one of the guys started fucking my mouth feeding his cock deep. All of a sudden he pulled his cock out and started stroking hard before shooting his cum all over my face. His cum landing in my mouth tasted so good. Suddenly they all started moaning as they covered my body in cum. I opened my mouth to catch and taste as much as I could. I felt so good and used, lying there covered in cum.

After a few minutes I got up and headed to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror at my cum covered body before getting in the shower. After a few minutes Ben came in to the bathroom.

"Here's your bikini babe."

"Thank you." I replied.

"The guys and I are hoping you are having a good time?"

"I most definitely am."

"We are heading out to the lounge; I'll go get you a drink ready for when you come out."

"Thank you; won't be long." I replied.

After a few minutes I got out of the shower and dried myself. I slipped on my bikini and headed out to the lounge. Ben had prepared some food and for the next hour or so we sat around eating, drinking, and chatting. One of the guys got up and setup the pool table. Three of us got up and headed over to play. Again I could feel their eyes watching my body, so I made sure every time I took a shot I gave them something to look at. 

After about an hour of drinking and playing pool a few of the guys suggested we head out to the spa. We topped up our drinks and headed outside. The guys stripped off and a few stepped down into the spa. I removed my bikini and stepped my naked body down into the spa. The water was so warm. As I sat down the guys moved over and sat close around me touching my breast and running their hands up my thighs rubbing against my pussy. I explored with my hands under the water gently massaging their balls and stroking their cocks until they were hard. I sat up and mounted one of the guys sitting next to me. His cock slid deep inside my pussy as the other guys groped my breasts and squeezing my nipples. From behind I was pushed forward as a second cock slid inside my swollen stretched pussy. A Third guy stood beside me and I took his cock all the way in my mouth. Their cocks working my pussy felt so good I was so close to cumming. Just as my body was almost ready the guy from behind was ready to cum.

"Take it baby deep inside your pussy. Feel me cum" he said as his cock got hard and came deep inside me.

"I'm cumming." I screamed as my body shook with pleasure.

HI could feel his warm cum still shooting as we came together. He removed his cock and stepped out of the spa. I continued riding the other cock and sucking for a few minutes before I hopped out of the spa. I lay down on a deck chair near the spa and spread my legs fingering my pussy. The guys moved over and one guy lifted my legs pushing them down towards my chest. He slid his cock inside my pussy then pulled it out. He did that a few times lubricating his cock before sticking it in my arse.

"Oh my god, fuck my arse hard. That feels so good," I screamed.

He fucked my arse hard while the other guys stood around watching and stroking their cocks. I could feel every inch of his cock pounding me hard over and over. All of a sudden I could feel his cock stretching my arse ready to cum.

"I want you to feel it in your arse baby." He said.

All of a sudden I could feel his warm cum filling my arse. The feeling was amazing. Another guy brought his cock over and started fucking my mouth. I pulled his cock in and out of my mouth then teased the head of his cock with my tongue. After a minute he took his cock and moved between my legs and started fucking my pussy. 

"Yeah Yeah Yeah. I'm cumming." He moaned.

He shot his warm cum deep inside me. The feeling was amazing. My pussy and arse were full of cum. He hopped up and stood back as the rest of the guys stood up close around me stroking getting ready to cum. I started rubbing my pussy waiting for their cocks to explode all over my body.

"Get ready babe; take my cum." One of the guys said as he was ready.

I opened my mouth and felt his cum hit my face. I licked my lips tasting as much in my mouth as I could. All of a sudden the rest of the guys one at a time shot their cum covering my tits and face. So much cum landing in my mouth and the taste was amazing. 

I lay motionless for a few minutes as I felt their cum running out of my pussy. I got up and headed to the bathroom for another shower. I cleaned myself off and dried my body. I put on my white see through dress and headed out to join the guys. I looked out the window to see the sun rising. The guys were starting to slow down relaxing in the lounge. I decided to collect my bikini and head home. I thanked the guys for a wonderful night and headed to the door. Ben gave me a hug and thanked me for coming and hoped to see me real soon at his next party. I told him I couldn't wait but my only request would be more guys. Ben looked at me and promised a lot more guys.