 "What a great set!" I said to Ree.

We were at a downtown Blues club, small, crowded, smoky, filled with fellow aficionados of the genre. Our waitress returned with our drink order, and I tipped her generously, thanking her, and toasted Ree when I noticed her staring over my shoulder, again.

"What's up?" sipping my drink, looking at her still staring over my shoulder.

"Over there, against the wall, standing under the Heineken sign," she said, taking a sip of her cocktail. Turning, I looked in the direction that she had indicated, just in time to see an attractive black woman walking towards the bathroom.

"I'll be right back," and with that, Ree got up, and headed to the bathroom, herself.

The quartet began making their way from the bandstand, stopping along the way, talking with friends, and patrons. 

"Feel like sitting in for a set?" Jonesy said to me, sitting down on one of the chairs at our table. Jonesy was the drummer for the quartet and a friend for a couple of years. His 'real' job was, at that time, as an assistant City Administrator for our suburb. We had met, some years ago, at a Jazz Festival in a neighboring 'burb.

"Sure, I'd love to," I answered, "what's up?"

"One of the city's consultants is here tonight, and I need to get into the guy's head, 'off the job', you know what I mean?" Jonesy replied, "I want to make sure this guy's the right one for the bond project, and no better way to know a person than over a couple of beers, out of the office."

"I couldn't agree more, I replied, "is Chet okay with me sitting in?"

"He suggested letting you play a set, when he saw you and the missus walk in."

"Cool," I said, as he stood up.

"Fifteen minutes to the next set, Okay?"

"Cool," I repeated.

He had no sooner left when I spied Ree coming back to the table, the attractive black woman with her.

"Baby, this is Chandra, a friend from college," Ree said, both women smiling down to me.

I stood, shaking hands with Chandra, inviting her to sit down, and held chairs out for both of them. Signaling our waitress for a round, the waitress came over to find out what Chandra was having.

Chandra was somewhere between Ree's and my age, I was guessing thirty-three or four. Her skin was the color of cocoa butter, tawny, and her hair was short, tight to the scalp, but not buzzed and not afro. Not an unattractive look, I thought to myself, as she and Ree were catching up with their seven years of not seeing each other, and trying to do it five minutes, it seemed.

Drinks arrived, and we toasted each other, with me taking the opportunity to inform Ree that Jonesy had asked me to play the next set, much to the ladies' delight.

"Ree told me you were a musician, this will be fun getting to hear you and getting to see Ree again," Chandra said, taking a sip of her Scotch.

"Baby, Chandra's moving here," Ree said excitedly, "her company is transferring her here next month, and Chandra's scoping out the housing scene this weekend."

"I'm not sure what I'm looking for, quite yet," Chandra said, "so I thought I'd hit the papers and check out a couple of places. Any areas in particular I should stay away from?" She asked.

"I'll let you and Ree talk about that and we'll talk after my set," rising, giving Ree a quick kiss, and walking to the bandstand.

Chet introduced me to the club as I sat down behind Jonesy's kit, adjusting the drum seat a bit. It's a bit embarrassing but a hell of an ego boost, it reminded me of my days 'on the road', playing music for a couple of years, right after high school. I did that for about three years and then decided I was ready for college, and enrolled.

We started the set with some B.B. King, morphing into a little bit of Bobby 'Blue' Bland, and off we went, traveling back to some wonderful Blues Classics. I love the Blues; I love the earthiness of their simple melodies, heart-wrenching words, and baseness of the genre. In the blink of an eye, the hour-long set was over and the band took another break, the last one before the end of the evening. It's always over with much too quickly, I thought, as I reset Jonesy's drum seat for him.

"Wow, damn, ya'll sounded so good," Chandra beamed up at me as I sat down.

"Well, thank you, it's good to know that I didn't ruin their set," laughing as I signaled for another round.

"So," Ree interjected, "I came up with a plan. If you don't mind, I'm going to skip golf tomorrow and spend the day looking at places with Chandra. It'll be a lot easier if I drive her around and we'll be able to cover more ground, don't you think?"

"Sure, makes sense to me,"

"And.....how about you plan on cooking up some steaks on the barbee for all of us tomorrow night."

"When are you flying out, Chandra?" I asked.

"Monday morning, why?"

"Well, I was just thinking, if all you have going on this weekend is house hunting, why don't you stay with us, God knows we have enough room. That way, you and Ree could work from our house, instead of dealing with the back and forth to your hotel and all," I suggested, with no ulterior motive other than letting Ree and her buddy have some time together. "I'm flying out on Monday also, and you can ride to the airport with me."

"What a great fucking idea," Ree screamed, giving my shoulder a hard punch, "I can't believe that I didn't fucking think of that."

And so it was to be, we'd have a houseguest for the weekend.

Driving home from the club, Ree filled me in on her time in school when Chandra was there. They shared several classes, both having the same major, became friendly, and then, friends. Had Chandra had another year at school, they would have shared an apartment or house, Ree said, growing quiet, seemingly 'off' in her own world, her own thoughts.

"We have a bit of a history," Ree said, breaking the silence.

"We fooled around a couple of times, during her last year. Nothing real heavy, but more like 'fucking buddies', ya know? She said, "Especially after a night of 'shooters'."

"I thought you told me that you had never 'done' black when we met that black couple at the house party," I said, looking at her to the side.

"Guys, I'd never done black guys, is what I meant to say," grinning at me with the ultimate shit-eating grin.

"So, do you want me to give you guys some space this weekend?" I asked her.

"Oh, hell no, baby, I don't know that anything is going to happen between her and I. Hell, I haven't seen her in several years and I have no idea where her head is, regarding sex. In college, it was all about stretching the balloon, seeing how far we could get before it popped, ya know?"

I did know.

"So how was golf today?" I heard Ree ask, as she and Chandra came into the kitchen, from the garage. She had picked up Chandra early at the hotel, driven back to the house to drop off Chandra's bag, and off they went, with the Saturday Real Estate section in hand.

"Let's just say that none of the big guns on the PGA tour have to worry about me overtaking them any time soon." Laughing as I said it, because it was one of those punishing days all golfers have.

"Oh, I'm sorry baby," Ree said, "That sucks when that happens," kissing me on the cheek. "Chandra and I are going to shower up and all, okay?" she finished saying.

"Steaks are seasoned, marinated, and ready for the grill. Potatoes are already on, and I'll leave the salad thing to you girls. I'm going on the deck and have a drink. Yell when you want me to throw the meat on, but don't wait too long," closing the door behind me as I walked onto the deck.

I checked the temp of the grill, moved the potatoes around, and took a seat on the chaise. It was peaceful, quiet, no noises but some birds, somewhere. The Scotch was going down smoothly, tingling as it worked its way down the throat, a good tingle. It was too nice of a moment to waste, so I fished the doobie I had rolled, earlier, out of my shirt pocket, and fired it up.

"I hope you'll share that," I heard from behind me, scaring the bejesus out of me.

"Damn, you scared me. I didn't even hear you walk out," handing her the joint.

"Sorry, didn't mean to," taking a lungful of the smoke.

"Ree really looks good," she continued, "She had big boobs in college but I swear they're bigger than I remember. Did she have some 'work' done?"

"Nope, they're real and they're all her."

"Damn!" was all she said, taking the joint from me.

I had just taken the last toke, popping the roach into my mouth afterwards, when I heard Ree come out onto the deck.

"You better tell me that you have another one all ready to go," she said, jokingly. I didn't but that situation was remedied quickly, this time a big, fat one, for the three of us to share, and a couple of more for 'later', whenever that would be.

The girls took one of the smaller doobs with them when they went to fix the salad, while I put the steaks on. Looking over my shoulder, into the kitchen, I saw the girls laughing, giggling, and pushing against each other playfully. They were enjoying their reunion, and I was glad for them. When Ree rushed off to the restroom last night, it was because she was sure that she had recognized Chandra in the club, couldn't believe it was really her when she caught her in the hallway to the restrooms.

Serendipity at work, I would say.

The food was great, the clean up was quick, and the drinks were made. Turned out that Chandra liked 151 Rum and cola as much as Ree did. What the hell, throwing caution to the wind, when in Rome...

Tuning into a really good weekend Jazz station from one of the colleges, the sounds immediately threw the house into a different vibe, a very mellow, cool vibe. It was Ree, of course, who suggested that we hit the hot tub. It was me, of course, that was asked to go outside and turn it on, take off the cover, etc. What's new?

Returning into the house, I walked in on Chandra and Ree breaking off a kiss. Interesting, I thought, but, okay. 

"Ladies, we'll give it five minutes and the tub will be deliciously warm and waiting," I announced, picking up their glasses for a refill. They stayed close, on the couch, both of them smiling, silent.

"Honey," called Ree from the living room to me as I was fixing more drinks, "Chandra's okay without suits, since she didn't bring one. That okay with you?"

Is the Pope Catholic?

"Yeah, sure, I'll suffer through the sight of you two naked beauties," I called back to them, "it's just another downside of being married to a good looking woman," walking back, with the drinks.

Chandra and Ree were disrobing, staring at each other, not even noticing me.

Okay, I thought, I think I see where this is going to go, and it looks like I'll be watching tonight. Okay, I can live with that.

Ree's a 36 C/D cup size, and I judged Chandra to be a 32 C; it turned out I was right, because I asked her. And then, she kissed me. A nice, soft, wet kiss that sent a wake up call to my semi-erect dick.

Breaking away from the kiss, Chandra lifted her glass to me, grabbed Ree by the hand and walking out with Ree, said to me, "Gonna get your clothes wet if you don't get out of them."

The steam, rising from the water, gave the appearance of a soft haze, in the light of the full moon high above the deck. Ree and Chandra were kissing, each with an arm around the other, and each, with a hand on the other's breast.

"Baby, before you get in, would you mind getting another doob?" Ree purred, Chandra kissing the side of Ree's neck.

Ever the Boy Scout, I had brought one out with me.

"Whenever you two lovebirds are ready, I've got the goodies right here," I said, my teasing causing a suppressed giggle from each.

My erection was breaking the surface of the water and Chandra stared at it as she and Ree moved on either side of me. Ree simply wrapped her hand around it as she took a hit from the joint, between my fingers. When Ree pulled off of her hit, I held it for Chandra as she took her toke, her breasts all over my arm, feeling very good.

"My turn," Chandra said, placing her hand around my dick, looking at her hand stroking. Ree took her hand off of my dick, reached over and began fondling Chandra's breasts.

Ree kissed me, still fondling Chandra, and then Chandra kissed me, her hand stroking my dick with purpose, now. And just that quickly, her lips left mine, and her mouth surrounded my dick-head, sucking slowly, her tongue licking my precum.

"Baby," Ree said softly, "let's go fuck Chandra, right now, let's go fuck right now."

Ree went in first, hurrying so's not to drip too much water, getting towels for all of us, and we all quickly dried off, Chandra grabbing me by my dick, and pulling me into our master bedroom, through the slider. The girls got on either side of me, my arms around them both, kisses between us flying, their hands touching, feeling me, each other. To say the moment was intense would the grossest understatement of the year. 

Ree moved down the bed, so that Chandra could straddle my head with her legs, slowly lowering her pussy to my mouth. Ree, lovingly, slowly was swallowing all of me, her lips tickling my trimmed pubes, her mouth stretched as wide as it could, and feeling great to me. Chandra's pussy was incredibly tasty, the pink of her lips, contrasting with her tawny skin, as I peeled back her pussy lips. I nibbled and sucked on the pink bud that is her clitoris, her breaths and sounds, becoming increasingly louder. And she came; she came in big gushing waves of orgasmic pleasure, her hands pulling my face deeper into her pussy, grinding against my tongue. And then, I came, my hips bucking with each ejaculation, Ree gulping, as she swallowed it, all of it.

We rested, all of us in one big heap, arms thrown akimbo, and fingers stroking warm skin. And slowly, surely, it started all over again. Chandra crawled between Ree's legs, Ree begging for one of us, any one of us, to get her off. As Chandra kissed her way down Ree's belly, dipping her tongue for a quick taste of Ree's pussy, she got on her knees, her ass in the air, and asked me to fuck her, to fuck her doggy style. Her delighted moan, muffled by her mouth being in Ree's pussy, still sounded so damned sensual as I slid into her, backing out to enter again, repeatedly, deeper each time.

It didn't take long for all three of us to be vocally expressing our rising orgasms, our anticipation of the release we all knew was about to happen. Chandra came first, spurring Ree, which spurred me. Chandra cried out, joyfully, as I drove deeper with each spasm, her sounds making, my already fabulous orgasm, even more so.

The movement in the bed is what woke me. I listened for a few minutes and then, opening my eyes towards the movement on the bed, I was greeted by the sight of Ree and Chandra in a delightful sixty-nine.

It was turning out to be a simply marvelous weekend.