 "What? You and Cathy, really?" I asked, "Ah, as if I would share you with Cathy!"

Danni laughed, "No, I just have a feeling that you want to see us together."

"Well that would be really hot, but I'll settle for just you at the moment!" I said.

I grabbed her and pulled her on top. We started kissing, our lips touching each other gently at first then becoming more urgent, her tongue stabbing into mine. She reaches down and guides my very hard cock into her wet pussy. She sits up and starts moving up and down, my cock sliding in and of tight, hot wet pussy.

"MMMMMM...that feels so good," she moans.

She looks amazing with her hands on my chest, her small breast bouncing to the rhythm of her hips moving along my cock. I can feel myself start to come as she does.

"Oh Danni," I cry as she lets out one back long sigh, "Ooooohhhhhhh." She collapses on to of me and whispers in my ear, "Now that's what I call a good morning." 

We get and she makes breakfast while I jump in a shower. As I drink my coffee and eat my toast she wanders back from her shower, looking very wet and extremely fuckable. 

"Since it's a nice day, fancy a picnic in the park?" she asks me.

"Sure," I replied

We make up a picnic, each grab a book, and head to the park. When we arrive she takes me to a garden that sits on a hill. It's quite private with only a few other people sitting around. We settle down and start some sunbathing. I start to read my book, an old one that I've read many times before, American Psycho as she lies down on her front. She asks me to rub some lotion onto her back and legs. She's wearing a bikini top and a pair of hot pant shorts. I start to rub some lotion up and her legs, all the while aware that we are in a public place with people around us. My hands start to touch her ass and I put some more pressure on it. She lets out a small moan. Her head is tiled to the side and she has I sly grin on her face, "Don't forget my back, babes, before this gets too hot."

My hands move up her back and across her shoulders keeping a steady pressure and enjoying myself immensely. She's very relax and doses off to sleep, so I stick on the ipod and lie back and shut my eyes.

As am lying there I start to go through what happened the previous night, the champagne, the ice cream, everything about was fantastic. "Well what do we have here" I look up and Danni's grinning at me, hers eyes looking down at my groin. My cock is rock hard from thinking of last. 

I look around and we're now alone in the park, "sorry sweet cheeks, just remembering last nights fun." 

"Let me help you remember more."

She slips my cock out of my shorts and puts her warm mouth around it. She starts to suck on the head, teasing it with her tongue. I'm getting a bit worried as we are in a public place but she starts to bop her head up and down so there is no way I'm going to stop plus with the risk factor add in with the fact she gives amazing head I know I won't last long! She takes my cock out of her mouth and starts to lick and suck my balls. It won't be till I come as she takes me back into her mouth.

"Oh Danni....oh Danni..." I cry.

"What?"

I open my eyes and she's looking at with a smile on her face. I look down and even though I have a rock hard cock, it's in my shorts and not her mouth. 

"You were asleep, what were you dreaming about?" she asks. 

When I tell her she burst out laughing and says, "If it goes quiet, you can show me what happened in this dream!" The rest of the day is nice. Just the two of us lounging around the park and enjoying each others company.

"Shall we go clubbing tonight?" she asks. 

"I don't mind but can we go somewhere I like?" she likes dance, house and garage stuff, which is like a car alarm to me. I like rock clubs but haven't managed to get her in one yet. 

"I'll tell you what; we'll toss a coin and however wins gets to pick everything about tonight, ok?" I suggest

Seeing an opportunity I agree "Tails," I say as she tosses the coin.

"Tails it is, so I guess I'm going to a rock club tonight, huh?" 

"Yep, and you're wearing your leather mini, red strapless top, stilettos, and a red thong." I tell her.

She laughs, "Alright, since it's your night."

We go back to her flat to shower and change; I'm sitting in the living room having a beer when I heard her come down the stairs. She looks unbelievable, black stilettos, a short leather mini that I know she hasn't had the guts to wear outside yet and a red strapless top. 

"Just as you asked, what do you think?" she says, striking a pose. 

"You look fucking great, let's go."

We head to some rock bars in Soho and Danni turns heads in every one of them. I decide to take her to the Astoria, the best club for every kind of rock. Inside we get a drink and Danni starts to enjoy the music. Standard rock songs are playing, Black Crowes "Remedy", Pearl Jam's "Even Flow" and Marilyn Manson's "Beautiful People". We finish dancing and head to the bar. 

"Going to the toilet, be back soon," she says. 

I get a couple of drinks and wait for her. 

She comes back but is not alone, "This is Carien, baby, Carien this is Scotty." 

"Nice to meet you Scotty." Cariens says extending her hand.

We chat for a while and get I closer look at her. She's about the same height as Danni, long straight black hair, green eyes and very pretty face. She has bigger tits than Danni, but Danni has a better looking arse. She's wearing black boots, black hot pants and white skinny fit t-shirt with Jimmy Page on it. I find out that she's from South Africa and over here working as a web designer. 

As we're chatting, the DJ plays Aerosmith's "Sweet Emotion." 

Carien puts down her and turns to Danni; "I love this song, come on Danni, let's dance." 

The two of them begin to dance and all I can do is stand watch. There swing their hips and shake their heads as most of the guys in the room watch. As the DJ plays AC/DC's "Whole Lotta Rosie," they move closer and it's almost like a floorshow in a strip joint. Danni turns her back to Carien and moves in closer. Carien's hands are on Danni's belly, while Danni hands are moving up and down Carien's body.

"She Sells Sanctuary" by the Cult comes and I move on to the dance floor. They both smile as I reach them, and we dance together. They sandwich me in between them, move around me so they're either both in front and behind. I can only take this for so long so at the end of the song I move off the dance floor and just watch them. We have a couple more drinks together, then the lights come up and it's all over.

"We'll it was nice meeting you Carien, can we get our cab to drop you off?"

Danni smiles and says "I have a better idea, let's all go back to mine and continue this till dawn." 

Carien smiles cheekily, "I would love to but two conditions, I get to lick your pussy as well as suck you cock." 

My chin hits the ground but before I say anything Danni says, "That's the plan." 

I look at them both and then shout "TAXI" at the top of my voice!

In the back of the cab, the girls start kissing and get to know each other, I'm just sitting there, watching them. The driver is getting an eye full as well . Carien starts to stroke Danni's leg and then starts to cup her pussy. 

"God she's already wet" Carien says to me. 

I can't take it anymore so I sit in between and let them know that this will continue when we get to the flat. We get back to the flat and I leave the girls in the living room. I fix us some drinks. When I get back to the living room things are already in full swing.

Danni's top is on the floor and she's sitting with her back on the couch, eyes closed as Carien licks and nibbles her nipples. 

Danni looks up, smiles, and says, "Join us." I move to the other side of her and start licking her other nipple. I pull her mini-skirt up so we can see her red thong. Carien starts rubbing her pussy and Danni starts moaning, I move down and slowly peel off her thong. She then spreads her legs and asks, "Who's first?" Before I can say anything Carien moves down and starts to lick her pussy. Danni cries out with pleasure and her hands run through Carien's long hair.

"Baby, I want you cock in my mouth." I could never refuse a request like that so I take my clothes off and stand on the couch so Danni can suck on my cock. Her tongue moves over the head and she starts to suck, meanwhile Carien has two fingers in Danni pussy and lick her clit. I'm really enjoying this, Danni's head moving slowly up and down my cock while I watch Carien licking and finger her pussy.

I notice she has her clothes on so I move off the couch and knee down between Danni legs, "I'll take over here if you want get undressed" I offer. 

"Sure thing," giving the pussy one last lick then reaches up and puts her wet fingers into Danni's mouth, "Taste yourself," Carien says.

I start to lick Danni and finger her now very wet pussy as Carien takes her clothes off. Once she is naked, I see that she does have a very nice body. She stands on the couch and pulls Danni head to her groin "Lick my pussy, baby." 

Danni gladly complies and starts to lick her pussy while pushing her index finger into deep inside her. I carry on licking Danni but have to stop as Carien's legs buckle under and she nearly falls on me. 

She moaning and breathing heavily, "Fuck Danni that was amazing head." 

Danni smiles back and looks down at me, "Sit on the couch."

I sit on the couch and they both go down on me, Danni licking and sucking my balls, while Carien suck and slurps over my head. Looking down at these two babes sucking my cock was like a dream. 

Carien stands up, "Right now I want some cock inside me."

I get up and tell Danni to sit at the head of couch so Carien can lick her pussy while I fuck her from behind. I move around and enter Carien's wet, hot pussy. She starts to moan as she sticks her tongue in Danni's pussy. I start to push on Carien's ass and Danni grabs her hair, "Yeah Carien, lick my clit" 

Carien starts to moan as I push a finger into her ass. We fuck like this for a while; me slowly fucking Carien and pushing a finger in and out of her ass, looking at Danni's face as she wraiths in pleasure while Carien screams of passion are muffled by her mouth being in Danni's pussy. 

"You two swap places," I tell them.

Carien gets up and says "No, you lie down on the floor."

I lie down and Danni sits down on my cock while Carien sits on my face. I start to lick Carien pussy while Danni rides my cock like she hasn't had sex for a month. Danni leans forward and they start to kiss passionately. Carien taste nice and her juices start to drip down on my face 

"Ohhh Scotty," she moans, "Finger my ass." 

I push my finger in her ass as she mumbles "God, yes, yes, yes..." 

They both start to come, Danni pound down on my rock hard cock and Carien bucking my face. Screaming to orgasm they both collapse on top of me.

When both girls recover, I point out that I have come yet. 

"We can't have that, can we" Danni says as she moves to the 69 position and wraps her mouth around my cock. 

Carien moves around beside my head and spreads Danni ass cheeks and starts licking her wet asshole. I just lie there watch Carien's tongue move in and out while Danni starts to deep throat me. She takes me in all the way down her throat and back up again. 

Danni starts to pick up the pace as Carien moves around starts licking and sucking my balls. It all gets too much and I stand up, and get them both sit on there knees with there tongues out waiting for me to come. I shoot my cum out all over their faces and they look great wearing it! Once I have finished, I crash on the sofa and watch while they lick each others face and swallow my semen.

"That was fucking amazing girls"

"It was our pleasure," Danni replies for both of them.

"Shall we go to bed then?" I suggest.

"Yes, lets" says Danni,

"For more fun?" asks Carien.