 How the fuck was she going to take this?

The question just wouldn't leave his mind as he watched his wife holding hands with Charlotte, craving human contact while engaged in a 'spiritual' conversation that neither would recall with anywhere near as much intensity, or clarity, once the pills and powder had worn off tomorrow morning.

Despite the euphoric optimism that Johnny ordinarily felt in these cocaine, ecstasy, ket, phet, weed and/or alcohol induced states, he just couldn't shake the feeling of trepidation he had in his mind conflicting between images of the best night of his life and Janice walking out on him forever.

It would soon be the 'moment of truth,' he knew, as he felt an involuntary twitch in his balls, (and associated sexual head rush), as he watched Charlotte put her arm around Janice as they held each other ever closer to talk still more intimately. Charlotte caught his look as she spoke to Janice and winked to him with a seductive smile as she talked. Johnny smiled his love back to her and took in the scene of the party that was going on all around him. There were around fifteen guests in the living room they inhabited, although many more people could be heard around the rest of the three storey house, but the door to this room would soon be closed and locked for the 'private party' that was by invite only, most people already understood. 

The only people he knew well here were Charlotte, who owned this old Georgian style house, and two other friends, Dan and Harry, who were Charlotte's lovers. Dan and Harry shared everything from food, to drugs, to sexual partners, but, he had to admit, Charlotte was worth sharing. She was the quintessential blonde bombshell in looks, (tall, busty, leggy and lusty), but, despite the wishful thinking of none blondes and fearful, shallow men, she was one of the most intellectually stimulating and challenging people he had ever known. It would be far too selfish to keep someone so fuckable to yourself! His wife, Janice, was really fucking horny looking too; five foot seven with a toned, hourglass figure; shapely arse, slender waist and, with her pretty pixie-like features to boot, a lot of men wanted to fuck her on sight. As he sat alone and thought of them both, together, he felt his cock begin to grow as the capillaries in his penis opened to allow blood to rush to his groin at what he hoped was a premonition of things to come. He smiled at the thought of them both naked as he looked at the couples, (and triple), in the room and felt himself fill with love at the sight of so much boundless humanity. Everyone seemed totally relaxed and very intimate- hugging and kissing; laughing and dancing to the tribal drumbeat and electronic mayhem that was just loud enough to allow private and public conversation. It was 3a.m on the Saturday morning; everyone had been partying and dancing in the clubs, but had then made their way to Charlottes to begin the weekend with real style. 

Charlotte could be described as a sexual guru, both personally and professionally, who helped a lot of dysfunctional couples keep it together as part of her freelance work as a sex and relationship counsellor. She was quite wealthy, beautiful and had access to the most pure drugs supply in the city. Anyone who sought to oppose her had several local gangsters, a hugely diverse peer group and a whole community to get through first. She was a fucking angel who almost everyone loved in some way- or, at the very least they needed her to help them feel better, and on a Friday and Saturday night Charlotte's house felt like the only place to be in the whole world. 

Even so, Johnny was pretty nervous at the thought of his first time, but these feelings would be swept aside completely if Janice was agreeable. It was a gamble, but after all they'd been through he was more than willing to take such a risk They were both living in guilty anxiety and fear of reprisal, but loved each so other intensely that they continued to do so rather than split up. Maybe the 'forever' of marriage had caused their problems, he'd often pondered, but then marriage is only the sum of its own parts, so blaming themselves more wouldn't help matters! They had both had 'affairs' in the past- sneaking around for sexual and/or emotional gratification from other people when they felt unloved and/or unsatisfied, feeling guilty, assuming that if they were doing it then the other must be too. Justifying their actions by accusing the other of something, etc, etc, etc. This was their 'last chance' though- they had talked about their problems and decided to go out and party, be free people and just be honest if either of them was 'unfaithful' and give each other a free, informed choice about their participation in the relationship rather than being in a marriage under false pretences.

Johnny knew, (and he was pretty sure Janice knew too), that they would both want to fuck other people at some point and the thought of either of them coming home after a night out feeling guilty, having to confess their 'sins' to each other and then wait for a decision about their relationship status seemed like a nightmare scenario for the sake of a shag! It would make more sense to lie, Johnny reckoned, and had decided that honesty had to come before the,...well...the CUMMING!

He'd spoken to Charlotte about his feelings on the subject and she had agreed with his prognosis. They were simply fooling themselves that they could change human nature and all they were succeeding in doing was repressing each other both emotionally and sexually with their own fears. Why not just be up front and honest about their desires? Why would two people in love deny each other fulfilment in fear of this meaning a lack of love and commitment? Charlotte had added that it had been easy for them to misunderstand such desires because they had such a strong emotional and sexual attachment. It was true, they truly loved each other and fucked like a new couple most of the time, but it just didn't seem enough ALL the time.

Charlotte was well clued up. At 35 she had been twice married, had starred in porn movies, in between these vices, and was the proud fuckee of over 200 cocks and a fair bit of pussy too. She had probably forgotten more about sex, relationships, emotions and insecurities than Johnny would ever know and her advice had been to bring Janice along to her party and 'just see what happens.' It had seemed like a great idea and exactly what he'd really wanted to do, but hadn't dared ask in fear of rejection and/or ridicule. Johnny wanted Janice to agree to consensual sex with other people, while staying together as companions in an exclusive relationship, but hadn't even realised that was what he wanted; no... needed! Charlotte had even explained that piece of self-denial for him and it made sense too. She had told him that the expectations of 'holy matrimony' and civilised respectability had rendered sexual feelings immoral over the course of time until only 'the devil' or 'perverts' indulged in such acts of self-gratification and that, consequently, the greatest inquisitors of all were now ourselves. That most people, in western culture and orthodox religions especially, subscribe to the theory that some great moral 'GOOD' guides their actions and that tempering 'temptation' is seen as a virtue and giving in to them is a sin to the point where the simple thought of the act can drive a person to guilt-ridden angst. She proposed a scenario where people would define their own moral values and where couples such as Johnny and Janice could find a way to be together AND be themselves.

'It is possible to achieve much more when people can agree what is right and wrong for themselves and not be subject to 'God' or 'Big Brother' judgement. If people wanna fuck each other then they should do it. It's nature.' She had said with finality before putting on one of her films for him to watch. She'd rubbed his balls for him while he wanked himself off over her fucking with the couple who had, just now, made to sit either side of him on the four seat couch.

The girl spoke first, her glossed lips pouted in drunken seduction and magnanimous overtures while her dark curled, ringlet hair dropped from her shoulders and hung level to her rounded tits as she leaned forward to greet him. 

'Hi gorgeous!' she said amiably with a slight jovial slur, 'Never seen you here before my darling.... You a virgin then?'

Johnny snapped out of his 'K' hole and felt a heart surge of love and lust as he gazed straight into her deep hazel eyes,

'I suppose I am,' he conceded offering his hand to her, 'I'm Johnny, pleased to meet you.'

'I'm Mandy,' she said taking his hand and putting it onto her breast, 'And this is my partner Carlos'

Johnny sighed deeply as he felt the contrasting softness of her flesh and firmness of her nipples beneath the thin cloth of her flowered vest top before turning his head toward Carlos and uttering a strained, 'Hello' to the Spanish looking dude on his left. Mandy held his palm to her tit as she sat to his right before letting go so he could introduce himself to her boyfriend.

'Nice to meet you my friend,' he said taking Johnny's outstretched hand, 'Mandy would like to break you in I think- are you ok with that?'

The question needed no answer, had Johnny, indeed, the time to answer, (other than a more than willing glance in Mandy's direction), but any reply was forgotten when Harry shouted for everyone's attention.

'Ladies and Gentlemen! I have an announcement to make, so could I have your attention please!'

The room fell into partial silence as they listened to Harry's slightly erratic voice, pitch around the large room.

'By my watch the time is 3:44 precisely and I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for coming tonight and making this a great night. A private party has been arranged for friends and family for the rest of today, but any people who aren't invited to stay are welcome to return for our BBQ at 7 tonight!'

Harry paused, 'God! I'm fucked!' he said breathlessly, before continuing.

'I'm about to pass two trays with a gift on for everyone- the blue is for those about to leave and the red for those who are staying. Hope you enjoy and hope to see you all later on tonight. Last orders in 15 minutes please!'

The trays were passed from Harry to others around the room. Only four people in the room took from the blue tray- all singles, 3 men and one woman, with the remaining dozen or so, awaiting the red.

The three blokes were together sharing a rolled twenty note to snort several lines of cocaine, while the woman waited, but the red tray participants were a little more methodical, snorting and taking pills almost ritualistically. Charlotte and Dan huddled around the tray and took the pills from one another's mouths as the 'singles' made their way to the doorway looking distinctly confused by what was going on.

Johnny could sense an almost tangible change in the atmosphere. The love was still there, but it felt more exclusive- more tribal. Primitive and exciting, yet civilised and calm at the same time and Johnny could feel his cock growing inside his tight jeans at the delicious sexual depravity that was going through his drugged up mind. The masks were slipping away as more guests took their leave, some were less inhibited than others, naturally, and Johnny could see that a foursome who were sat on the couch opposite- three women and one man, were already deep into foreplay. The 3 girls were sat close together- two seated side by side, with the other laid over them with her legs facing the man who kneeled on the cushion beside them; his hand was working it's way up inside her thin summer dress. It was obvious that he had his fingers inside her by the way her legs were parted for him and how she wiggled her hips to gain more penetration, but they didn't seem to care for anyone else within their bubble of lust and no wonder.

Johnny was broken from his voyeuristic trance when Janice approached him, slightly wobbly, with a confused smile on her face.

She waved a brief, but friendly, 'hello,' to Mandy and Carlos before kneeling in front of her husband.

'Are we going or staying babe?' she asked

Johnny replied in the hope that the subject would broach itself, wondering if she had any idea that he'd invited her to an orgy for swingers, fetishists and other generally open minded horny people in the hope that taking part in a fucking frenzy would heal their rifts and, for a second or two, it felt so.... WRONG! 

'Dunno. It's up to you sexy, what do you want to do?' 

Janice looked him in the eye,

'Are we invited to stay?'

The question was direct and Johnny felt that 'moment of truth' arriving,

'Yeah babe- we're invited, but I have to leave it to you if you wanna stay or not. I'm happy here and I'd love you to stay too. Should be fun!'

'Ok hon. I'm really off my head, so would you look after me?'

Mandy answered for Johnny.

'My darling?' she asked for Janice's attention. Janice turned to look to her with a smile and Mandy said to her, 'in this party we all look after each other. You are in no danger. You will find only love and pleasure here' and she took hold of Janice's hand.

Janice was clearly enchanted by the forthrightness of this beautiful Mediterranean looking woman and instantly began a conversation with her.

'Thank you!' she said in heightened tones, 'I'm Janice- it's really very nice to meet you.'

'Likewise,' replied Mandy, 'I am Mandy and this is my partner Carlos'

Janice shook hands with both and looked shocked as Carlos stole a kiss on her lips rather than her cheek, as she had anticipated.

Mandy raised an eyebrow to Janice,

'I think he likes you' she proffered as Janice blushed slightly against the backdrop of her curled auburn hair.

Johnny thought of a plan.

'Why don't I move up a bit and we can all squeeze on the couch?' he suggested.

'Ok!' said Janice, slightly unnerved by what Mandy had said and glad of the distraction from it.

Johnny squeezed up toward Mandy and left a space for Janice next to Carlos.

'That's better,' he said feeling the thighs of Janice and Mandy squeezed tight to his own, his cock still half hard, but hidden down one leg of his restrictive trousers.

Charlotte had been observing these developments and now decided it was time to lock then all in. She announced this with the introduction of some trance tunes and the simple instructions,

'The door's locked for the night now so no one is going out or coming in...yet I hope!' (Laughter at this innuendo), 'For those of you who don't know, there's a kitchen and bathroom beyond the end door, so drinks and toilet breaks are all inclusive to the party,' she paused before concluding seductively, 'The windows are covered and the room is soundproofed, so let yourselves go and have fun everyone! I know I will!'

The music was turned up to slightly above background noise as the red tray arrived at Mandy. Johnny looked at the contents of the tray and neatly lined in equal rows was a line of MDMA, an Ecstasy pill and a Viagra with a folded name card next to it. He consumed the line and pills next to his name card and glanced at the other names on the tray. 'Mandy,' 'Carlos,' 'Janice,' 'Siras,' 'Olivia,' 'Charlotte,' 'Dan,' 'Harry,' 'Amy' and 'Abbey,' they proclaimed. 5 male and 6 female participants, he really hoped his wife would agree to this! He turned to see Janice looking at the name cards too and then to the people on the sofa opposite. Johnny followed her line of sight and realised that if she had any doubt now she would have to be stark raving mad and he mentally cringed in anticipation of her reaction. The man, who he knew must be 'Siras,' had lifted up the girls' summer dress and was tonguing her clit while he fingered her. The pair sat beneath her had positioned themselves to sit on the fingers of each other's hands and used their respective spare hands to pleasure their friends. One was pushing the woman's nipples into her mouth while the other undid the buttons on Siras' flies, released his cock and began to pull on it with gusto.

Janice took a sharp intake of breath as the horniness of what she witnessed, (and what she now realised her husband was hoping for), buzzed up her spine and into her loved up psyche.' She could feel her cunt moisten more than ever now. Everything she had felt tonight suddenly made sense. Charlotte had seemed determined to talk to her from the minute they arrived, so much so that Janice had thought it a sexual approach and wondered if Johnny had arranged a threesome. She had gotten very horny at the prospect of that- despite her better judgement- but had found herself appreciating Charlotte's touch and had fought the urge to kiss her only minutes ago. All they'd done was talk about sex and relationships culminating in Charlotte asking if she'd ever had group sex before. The ecstasy had blurted out the answer before she could stop it and her juices had really started flowing as she recounted her one and only threesome, which had been very awkward and had resulted in her getting a shit fuck by a self- conscious lover while wanking the other into her mouth at the same time. She was 16 at the time and said she wished she could go back and take control to get more out of it.

'Hidden desires!' Charlotte had whispered to her, 'Just imagine what you'd do to them now!'

She had imagined. She'd imagined as she watched Johnny's hand on this Mandy girls tits and been turned on by it. She liked to watch him being flirty and horny with other people, but thought she could never go the whole way as to watch him actually fuck someone, but now she sort of wanted it. Or was it Charlotte she wanted- or Carlos? His kiss had felt nice and made her blush as she realised she wanted to take his lips full on the mouth, (and slowly down her neck, to her tits, down her stomach and then to her pussy). She wished she could swap seats with the girl opposite- she was fucking loving it and she felt her own hole widen in anticipation of some of the same. She snapped from her trance as Johnny passed her the tray of goodies and, as she took her share and passed it on to Carlos, asked her simply, with tears of love in his eyes,

'Will you stay then?'

Janice looked to her husband and put her hand between his legs to feel where she knew his hard on would be and gave him a loving squeeze, shivering her pleasure as she felt Carlos move to discard the tray and then run his fingers gently to trace their way from her thigh to her arse above the coarseness of her denim skirt,

'I'd love to stay Johnny. I've never been as horny in my whole fucking life!'

Johnny felt Mandy's hand join Janice's on his cock bulge as she leaned to kiss the couple, first Johnny and then Janice. Johnny smiled to Janice who squirmed in pleasure as she felt Carlos' fingers rub against her cunt from beneath her short skirt and knickers. She'd been so loved up that she'd barely registered the fact that he'd been rubbing her arse while hitching her skirt up and she let out an involuntary sigh as she felt his finger negotiate the thin crotch of her underwear to slide into her widening, swollen horny hole. She looked to Johnny as she rubbed him in tandem with Mandy, her face was blushed with erotic expectation and something like guilty shame at being wanked by another man in front of him, but her husbands smile of approval and kiss let her know that he had no problem with what was happening- and she was glad because she had decided to go all the way with him on this and knew she would be cumming all over before much longer. 

Janice turned closer to her husband to give Carlos greater access from behind her. He, in turn, shifted to the arm of the couch to allow her more space and lifted up her skirt to reveal her tight little arse and the thin line of her black thong as he slid his finger in and out of her with a deliberately slow rhythm that had her pushing herself back onto him wanting more. Mandy's eyes were closed tight, her brow furrowed in concentration, as she dug the nails of her right hand into the opposite arm of the couch in apparent pre-orgasmic ecstasy. Janice looked across from undoing Johnny's buttoned fly, (she knew how restricted he felt when he was all hard and horny, but trapped in the confines of denim), and saw that Mandy's legs were wide apart and Johnny was frigging her intensively with his two middle fingers slipping into her dripping wet fanny from beneath. Janice couldn't help but notice how beautiful Mandy's pussy looked, all shaven and trimmed so that her swollen lips and clit were exposed, glistening dark pink against her dark skin. Mandy, noticing her desire, smiled to her and panted seductively, 'I would love you to try me out too!' as she helped her unveil Johnny's hard on from its confines.
