 Chapter Five: Short-Arm-ageddon

"Gary, what does he mean? What's a fluffer?" Barb despite her marginal and distant background in the adult entertainment industry was woefully ignorant of porn terminology.

Dave clued her in. "That's somebody who sucks cocks off-screen to keep everybody up. Looks like we got us a few men in the crowd losing air pressure already. Better get busy and start doing your new job, Gar."

I balked. "Nobody ever told us what the prize is tonight. Like for instance, last Thursday was a session with Janis. What's the winner gonna get this time besides a face covered in cum?"

"Funny you should mention that," Dave said. "Our three lovely ladies in attendance this evening have graciously agreed to pose for a bukkake session for the ten lucky winners. This time it's not winner take all."

Mickey went ballistic. "Yvonne! That fucking does it! We're getting the hell out of here. Now!"

"Do you hear something?" Yvonne mocked him, cupping a hand to her ear.

"Not a thing," Barb replied, playing along.

"Total silence," Janis agreed. Cursing under his breath, Mickey stalked up the stairs, shooting the whole room a look that dared anyone to follow him.

"You know, Dave," Janis said, "the thing is, it's getting kinda late, and I don't wanna see Gary have to fluff everybody up all night long. I have an idea."

"What's that?"

"Let's throw in all the cards and turn this into a bukkakefest right now. If you girls agree?"

Barb and Yvonne nodded eagerly, if a bit shyly. 

"Best idea I've heard all night," Dave said. "Give me a hand with this plastic tarp, Gar. Roll it out over that open floor area there." In no time we had set up an impromptu bukkake arena for the ladies, who kneeled back-to-back in a circle at the center. 

"How about video?" somebody asked.

"Do I think of everything or what?" Dave laughed, producing a small videocam he'd somehow managed to hold back in the divorce. "Any of you ladies camera-shy?"

"Long as you don't show our faces," Janis laughed.

"Great fucking bukkake vid if I can't show your faces," Dave said. "Look, what say I make a deal with you; if you gals let me videotape the whole thing, I promise not to post it on the Internet or anything. Nobody gets a look at it outside of the people in this room. How's that?"

"What do you say, Yvonne? Barb? Shall we let him?" Janis asked.

"I'd love a keepsake," Yvonne said. "I don't know about you, Barb."

Looking straight at me, Barb said, "Whatever it takes to get this party going."

"All right, men," Dave said. "Mind your manners, no crowding or shoving. They'll be plenty opportunities for everybody to get a turn. Or two. Or three." 

Six men gathered around like it was a scrimmage. Janis took one cock, then added a second in her mouth. Yvonne jacked two and sucked on a third. The third guy was me. Getting a world-class blow job from Yvonne that fulfilled all my fantasies and then some, I watched as three men crowded around my wife and offered her their cocks. She'd pump a few quick sucks on one, then switch to the next and so on, doing a round robin. 

When the man on Barb's right seemed to be getting close, she focused all her attention on him. He moaned once before his voice caught and he ejaculated his cum profusely all over Barb's forehead and the bridge of her nose. She squealed with surprised delight, then said in a smoky sensuous voice, "Who else wants to cum on my face?"

The second man Barb was blowing started pumping away, forcefully fucking my wife in the face with a broad-headed cock that looked eight or nine inches long and was sheathed in veins that bulged like those in a power lifter's arms. He whispered something to her that sounded like "be my cocksucking whore." A moment later he withdrew just in time to shoot a load of cum so powerfully that most of it landed in Barb's hair. She caught the last few shots in her mouth and, after running her tongue across her upper teeth, affected a sultry expression and mouthed the words, "Thank you." 

The two men who had cum on Barb were quickly replaced, and soon my wife's face was egged with so much cum she couldn't open her eyes. The next few men moved on to her tits; soon those too were plastered. Barb took a cue from Janis and took two cocks at a time into her mouth while two other men waiting for blowjobs swirled their dickheads around her nipples that were already slick with semen. 

Yvonne favored me with a long slow blowjob that outlasted two sets of men getting hand jobs from her. You had to give Yvonne credit: that girl sure was ambidextrous. 

When I told her, "Baby, I'm getting close," she winked at me. The wild pleasure was building in me like a volcano as she sucked away; she sensed it and sucked even harder trying to bring out the cum. Yvonne knew tricks to stimulate me that a woman only learns with practice and that are impossible unless the woman truly enjoys sucking a man's cock. Yvonne wasn't faking; I could tell she was reveling in the experience of fellating me while squatting ass cheek to ass cheek with Barb who was busy doing the same thing to two other men.

Dave circled around like a referee with the videocam, moving in for extreme close-ups every time there was a money shot, meanwhile giving forth with a play-by-play monologue of encouragement. He had zeroed in for a closeup of my penis in Yvonne's mouth, her head pumping away so fast it must have blurred the image on video, when I reached the breaking point. 

"I'm cumming," I gasped. Yvonne instantly pulled her mouth away and caressed the head of my cock against her face. Her cheek was so soft. I felt a hot urgency to paint her entire face with my cum. Maybe it was the presence of the camera: there is a bit of the exhibitionist in my, as you've no doubt surmised if you've managed to read this far. I blasted a load of cum that strung from Yvonne's lips to her hairline and pooled alongside her left nostril. She posed with eyes fully open and a wide smile across her face. After I finally withdrew to give someone else a chance at her, a persistent droolstring of cum stretched between my cock tip and one corner of her mouth. She broke it when she spoke these words: "Did you know it's been my secret dream to have your cum on my face for a long, long time now? I hope you enjoyed it."

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Barb pause in running head for a couple of guys. "Thanks, Baby," I said. "It's one fantasy that we've definitely shared; only neither of us knew it until now."

"Come here, Gary." Barb's voice was a command. I obeyed, kneeling down beside her. Her face was a mess of commingled cum. Her mascara ran into it like clown tears; her lipstick looked as smeared as though a child playing dress-up had applied it. She leaned over, pressed her face against mine and gave me a deep tongue kiss. With deft index fingers she swept the cum from both eyes and blinked.

"Why don't you see if you can get me a wet washcloth, Gar? Most of this party's all over my face." I complied. She sponged her face and tits, then said, "Is our marriage ever going to be the same after this?"

"I don't know. Better, maybe?"

"Better it is, then. Let's go home; it's late and you have to get up for work in the morning."

"I don't think work is going to be the same again either."

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"

"I don't know. It's a thing."

"Do you think Mickey and Yvonne are going to stay together?"

"God," I said, "I hope not."

Barb hesitated a long time before saying, "I suppose we could invite her over sometime next week for dinner."

"Any day but Thursday," I said.

"You read my mind, Gar. You read my mind."