 I had never experienced such bliss. Nor had I ever cum so much. I had had no idea that it was even possible. As Sarita broke our kiss, she stood up in front of me and slowly undressed. Still in a daze, I lay still, watching her, with the taste of my own cum still fresh in my mouth.

Now naked, Sarita stared into my eyes as she took a sip of wine. I returned her look for a few moments, before allowing my gaze to explore her body, taking in her soft curves and flushed skin. I slowly came to my knees in front of her, resting my face on her abdomen and allowing my arms to encircle her hips and my hands to grasp her amazing ass. I inhaled her musk and was further intoxicated. I could feel my penis slowly begin to stir back to life.

I began to kiss her abdomen, drawing slow circles with my tongue and, occasionally, scraping her skin with my teeth. As I neared her clitoris, I exhaled my warm breath. I could see goosebumps form on the surrounding skin. I gently licked around her clit, paying attention to the hood, but never the sensitive underbelly. Her hands came to my head, fingers grasping my hair and began to lead me lower. I allowed her to lead me downward, but at the last minute went to her side and worked my way behind her. I kissed the insides of Sarita's thighs, the underside of each buttock and worked my way up the crease of her ass to the small of her back. As I did so she moaned and bent herself over the sofa in front of me, kneeling with her knees apart. 

I took advantage of the increased access, running my tongue a few inches up her spine and then followed it back down past her tailbone, teasing her anus for a few breaths before continuing on to her pussy. Sarita's fragrance brought my penis to full attention and set my taste buds to watering. She was so wet that as I tasted her I actually had to swallow every few minutes. I began to use my fingers to excite her clitoris as I simultaneously explored her with my tongue and lips, alternating between her pussy and the surrounding area all the way to her anus and back. On the third trip to her anus I found that Sarita had buried two fingers and was busily working her ass. 

I joined her with my tongue and after a moment she pulled out, allowing my tongue full access. After the first penetration I was surprised to taste honey! She had obviously prepped ahead of time! My fingers of my left hand working overtime on her clitoris, I inserted two fingers of my right into her pussy while I buried my tongue deep inside her and ate her ass for all I worth. Sarita, still bent over the couch, moaned and writhed as I continued the stimulation. After about two minutes of this intense action, she came, her whole body shuddering.

Sarita caught her breath, stood up and took my hand. She led me to a bedroom and told me to lay down on the bed. Not one to argue, I lay back and watched as Sarita left the room, only to return with a box of condoms and a bottle of lube in hand. Removing a condom from the package, she knelt between my legs on the bed and took the length of my erection into her mouth. It felt so good as I lay back on the bed that I did not move a muscle, content to receive. Sarita worked on me with her mouth while pressing a lubed finger against my anus. Her finger passed through much quicker this time and as a second finger was added, I felt the pressure of my erection increase two-fold. She worked her magic and I soon felt the early twinges of an orgasm. Sarita must have felt them as well as she quickly pulled out of my ass and stopped working on my penis, pressing hard against my perineum and pulling by balls away from my body. The contrast was extreme and I felt all feeling of orgasm quickly subside.

Sarita, brought her mouth back to my penis, ensuring that my erection was not lost, and then rolled on the condom. She straddled my thighs and lowered herself onto me. The feeling was exquisite. She sat still for a minute, with me fully inside her, before slowly beginning to grind her pelvis against mine. I wet my fingers and brought them to her clitoris, stimulating her as she slowly began to slide up and down. I loved watching the contours of her abdomen and the rise and fall of her breasts. I watched as her chest and neck became flushed and she began to speed up until she was bouncing up and down and her breath coming out in moans and gasps. I began to thrust in time with her bounces and played even more vigorously with her clit. 

After a time she collapsed forward, drenched in sweat, and I grasped her ass with both hands and began to fuck her as fast and as hard as I could. Sarita lay against me, her breath ragged with her hair stuck against her sweat on my face. I tasted the her saltiness and this spurred me on. Sarita came again and I could feel myself coming near to my own orgasm. 

Hearing a noise I looked up and saw Jennifer from the bookshop enter the room. In a loud voice she asked "What have we here?" and as a startled Sarita began to move off of me Jennifer physically pushed her back down on my and said "I want to watch you fuck him". Sarita wasted no time in beginning again to actively fuck me, riding me hard and fast. I would have come then, but the shock of seeing Jennifer come in the room had taken the edge off. 

I lost sight of Jennifer, but I could hear her talking to Sarita "Are you enjoying that?" "Do you like fucking him?" Jennifer continued this litany, slowly becoming more and more aggressive in her tone. I was surprised to feel Jennifer step onto the bed behind us and as she came into view I was happy to see that she was topless with nice B-cups breast with pert, pierced nipples. She placed her hands on Sarita's back and began to upped her talk until it was an intense torrent. She began to push Sarita down onto my dick and saying "You like that, don't you bitch!". Sarita was moaning "yes" when Jennifer grabbed her by the hips. 

I could feel Sarita stop and stiffen and then began to feel more pressure against my penis and Sarita's body being slammed into mine. What I could not see was that Jennifer had put on a strap-on and was now fucking Sarita's ass at a blistering pace. Sarita had tears running down her face while she gasped and moaned. I slowly began to move and, after a few attempts, was able to find a rhythm that was in time with Jennifer's. I brought my hand to Sarita's clit, turning my hand upside down so that it was not crushed between us. I began to match Jennifer, stroke for stroke, all the while working Sarita's clit as fast as I was able. Jennifer maintained her tirade, calling Sarita a "fucking bitch" while she fucked her HARD. Sarita lay between us, screaming, thrashing and bucking in response to us both.

I was fucking her so fast that I could not even feel my orgasm building, it was as if everything was on hold except for the rhythm. After an unknown time however, the urge began to over take me. I was sure that I was going to blow when Sarita lurched off of me with banshee's wail - as she did so Jennifer pulled out and Sarita exploded, ejaculating streams of cum all over me. 

I quickly brought my mouth to her fountaining pussy and drank as deeply as possible, choking and losing much of it out the sides of my mouth. Sarita fell backward to wear Jennifer had been and I followed her down, inserting myself into her and fucking her while she continued to ejaculate. After about twenty strokes I knew that there was no going back - I pulled out and took off the condom as I erupted all over her torso and neck. Eight thick streams shot out of me, and I then collapsed on top of her. 

Jennifer and Sarita began to kiss deeply and I began to lick the combination of sweat and both of our ejaculates off of Sarita. When Jennifer pulled away, I replaced her, feeding Sarita a mouthful of our fluids. She drank it hungrily and I felt myself getting impossibly hard. Sarita felt it brush against her and reached for a condom. Without so much as a glance at Jennifer, I put it on and entered Sarita's slick body once more.