 "She's coming over on Friday night."

"OK. That's Nice." I said, trying to sound as casual as possible. 

I am 57. Only recently had I become conscious of the fantasy of myself and two women in bed. The thought of realizing that fantasy became more and more exciting. Then Rose let me know she enjoyed both men and women and things became even more real. I have jerked off to the memories of past girlfriends, and dreams of one or two women I know but have never had. Now suddenly a whole new panorama of a threesome took very rapid and exciting shape in my mind's eye.

It had been almost a year to the day when we had first broached the subject of having a playmate for the two of us. Since then, we had asked her a few times, but the time was obviously not right. Now Sandri, at 22, seemed to warm to the idea of joining us.

The promise of an evening as part of a threesome had come and died a premature death a few times before, so I didn't want to get too excited, but deep inside something told me that this was going to be real. I remember asking Rose how one went about initiating the activity on a threesome get-together. She said to let things happen naturally, but being who I am, I wanted to have some plan of action.

Make no mistake, Rose is magnificent in bed, and staunchly faithful as a partner. She has the most kissable and touchable boobs I have EVER felt, and when it comes to oral sex, tasting her is the nearest thing to paradise I have experienced. But being inside her is an experience that can only be described as phenomenal. 

We had recently acquired a webcam, and Rose spent many exciting and stimulating hours at the computer, even getting the lads overseas all worked up with a vibrator and once, giving me a blow-job "on the air". Actually, it was quite a turn-on to know that there were other people watching. It seems that there is a porn-star in each of us! We had even tried the open marriage approach, but that first experiment failed. We were now ready to try again. I suppose all this was leading up to an exciting evening. 

For the intervening few days, I tried not to plan Friday night in too much detail, but I couldn't help saying to myself before I went to sleep "Only 2 more sleeps" or "Wow, it may come true!" almost like a kid about to go on holiday.

Come Friday evening we needed a few things from our local supermarket, so I went out to do the necessary, leaving the kids with Rose. On my return as I drove up the road to our front gate, I saw the familiar blue Toyota standing there. Instead of jumping out of the car with excitement, I felt the calm and steadying realization that this was going to be a night to remember.

Opening the front door, I greeted everybody and kissed the girls. They were at the computer, chatting up a couple of guys. The excitement was palpable.

I joined them and then realized that there'd be no action if the kids weren't put to bed. Nonetheless, we carried on, playing in the chat room, feeding the kids in between and dreaming about what was going to happen later.

At last, eight o'clock and the kids were tucked up in bed. We wisely closed the interleading door from the passage. Rose had by this time stripped naked and slipped into her nightgown. She sat in front of the webcam, her legs wide open and her trusty vibrator - Roger Rabbit - firmly embedded in her gorgeous fanny, the vibrator against the clit that I love to suck and lick. Our playmate to be was sitting next to her, watching our Internet guests react. Judging by the comments appearing on the screen, they were getting turned on. The visuals captured them all sitting, hands on cocks, stroking their stiff tools in the limbo between fantasy and reality.

Sitting on a chair next to Rose, I pulled back her dressing gown top, exposing one of her beautiful tits. I took the nipple between my lips and sucked gently. I immediately became aware of someone's head against mine and realized that Sandri was doing the same to the other boob. 

Hands went to Rose's cunt to stroke the skin around her pussy while she worked Roger. Before we knew it, Rose climaxed and I sucked harder. 

As Rose's body relaxed in the afterglow of a climax, I stood up and placed my hand over her beautiful tits. She stood up and I embraced her from the back. Sandri, still seated, joined in and before I knew it, my hand was on Sandri's one breast, fingers searching out the nipple and rolling it gently. Rose bent forward and I felt my cock throb as I rubbed it against her beautiful ass, gripping her hips and pulling them against me as she bent over the table in front of the computer. 

Sandri stood up and lifted her mouth to meet mine, while I stroked Rose's exciting ass, pulled up her gown and slid my hand between her thighs from behind to sink a finger into her wet cunt. By now, Sandri was rubbing herself up against Rose and I, while I kissed her open mouth, fingered Rose.

Sandri turned to me while Rose disengaged and moved off into the kitchen to make her decadent chocolate sauce, leaving the two of us to do as we pleased. 

I slipped my hand under Sandri's top and felt the small pointed breast almost come alive in my hand. As she pushed her hips against me, I slid my hand down into her crotch and searched out her clit. 

She was so different to Rose. Her cunt lips were more folded, and her clitty was so small but so hard. As I massaged her clit with my forefinger, she moistened beautifully. My cock was hard, while my excitement was on a level as I savoured every minute. 

I lifted her top and slipped it off, and then I slid her pants off. I sat down, and became aware of Rose joining us, moving the webcam into a position to catch everything for our distant guests. Sandri sat astride my left thigh, rubbing her pussy against it while I sucked and stroked her small, hard-nippled breasts.

I put a hand out and motioned to Rose to stand nearer, and then slipped my hand between her thighs and searched out her clit. In that instant I thought back to the times I went down on Rose, and I could see before me her clit, big and beautiful, hiding in the folds of her cunt lips, glistening with pussy juice which tasted like ambrosia and made my cock hard and throbbing. The feminine smell of her cunt awoke in me a primal urge to stab my cock into her pussy and pump and thrust and squirt all my cum deep inside her.

While I dreamed, removing myself from the present, Sandri placed her mouth on mine, and then slid a hand down to cup my cock, trapped as it was inside my trousers. I could feel the dampness from her cunt seeping through my clothes against my thigh.

Rose moved away and I felt Sandri climb off my lap and kneel between my legs, pulling down the zipper, and easing my cock out of its constraints. I was amazed and excited as I watched all this unfold before me. 

Sandri peeled back my foreskin, exposing the head of a cock that was mad with lust, glistening in the lamplight. She took me into her mouth, so deep I could feel my tool against her soft palate. I gripped her hair and pulled her head towards me. She pulled back and placed one hand around me, grasping my shaft and sliding her hand gently up and down, while I thrilled to the touch of her breasts in my hands.

I became aware of Rose standing in the kitchen doorway, watching us, a voyeur in her own house, a soft half-smile on her face. I realized how much I love Rose and what a gift she had given me. She had allowed a sexual awakening in me that no one had managed before. What a woman! What a lover! In that instant, I was alone again with Rose, savouring her beautiful body, a gift to me like no other in my life. 

Rose joined us again, and while I slipped my finger into her, Sandri sucked and stroked my eager tool and I came suddenly, while Sandri rubbed my cock against her tits. She kept sucking gently and playing gently, and in a very short time, I was hard again.

I told Sandri to move across to the coffee table. She went across and sat on the edge of the table, spreading her legs and showing me the pinkness of her cunt lips. I knelt down in front of her, pushing her to lie back while I placed my mouth over her cunt, gently sliding my tongue into her cunt. Rose came and held Sandri's arms above her head while I searched out Sandri's clit between her delicate folds, feeling the tiny hard bud against the tip of my tongue. I looked up and saw, over the mound of the cunt I was eating, over the soft belly of our playmate, Rose with her mouth on Sandri's, one of her hands fondling a small, conical breast. Jesus, what a turn-on for me! And for Sandri, as I felt and tasted a flood of wetness from her cunt. Rose leaned across and sucked a breast. "Oh God, oh God", moaned Sandri, while I slid my hand down to my own cock and masturbated gently. 

I didn't want to cum now; I wanted to save that for later, for Rose. I placed the head of my cock against the raw wetness of Sandri's cunt, stroking her little clit with the tip of my throbbing cock, feeling her cunt lips warm against the sides of my cock head.

Rose was with us again, moving in and out like a wraith, knowing exactly how to move us to maximum pleasure. I realized just how immature I was when it came to pleasure, and how Rose was making it special for Sandri and I. 

Sandri came again, rubbing her own clit with eager hungry fingers while I thrust two fingers into her. My God, she was tight. 

By now Rose was back in the kitchen, tending to the most delicious-smelling chocolate sauce. I could almost taste that sauce on clits and tits! Not willing to miss an opportunity to pleasure my wife, I said to Sandri "Let's go and harass the chef".

Without a moment's hesitation, I was out of my clothes, and we were into the kitchen. Rose offered token resistance, but only token, mind! She bent over the sink, having lost her dressing gown. She spread her legs while I shoved my hard cock against her buttocks. She guided me into her pussy and I thrust a few times, but slipped out. Sandri ducked down under Rose's tummy and slid my dick back into Rose. I also think she got to suck it once or twice. "This isn't working" I said, and suggested that we move back to the lounge. 

In the lounge, Rose lay back on the coffee table, and lifted her knees, spreading her legs wide. Sandri was kissing her and I guided my raging cock into Rose's wet hole, feeling the familiar grip of her cunt as she held me inside her. 

"Fuck me hard" she panted. 

I placed my arms over her shoulders, gripping the edge of the table and thrusting deep. Deep and hard, into the beautiful body of the woman I love. She came quickly, while I pumped a few more times and came too. 

It was like being in a whirlpool, my body and mind spinning down, down into Rose's cunt, thrilling deep into my heart and body as I felt Rose's mound thump against my pubic bone, as my balls banged against her body and as I saw her beautiful, full round tits shifting up and down in unison to my thrusts. In an instant, I realized that Rose was a woman in a million, and that the love I felt for her was something which would live on, even after I had gone.

I stayed inside my wife, making slow, sideways and forward movements as I felt the warmth of her deep wetness, and my cock went gently to sleep in the folds of the body of the woman I love.

A little later, we were sitting down, chatting about the evening so far, me in the nude, on the recliner, and Rose and Sandri on the couch. We got up to dish up our icecream and chocolate sauce, and sat eating, each one with their own thoughts, and each one with a happy look on their face.

As I sat on the recliner, looking at these two women, I felt another tingle in my loins. I took myself in my hand and gently stroked back my foreskin back. I saw Sandri look at me. I continued, gently masturbating as my cock surged back into life. Rose watched too. It was good. I realized that I had it in my power to prolong the pleasure by starting the evening again. Addressing Rose I asked "Do you think Sandri has tasted Roger Rabbit?"

"Let's try it", she answered, and Sandri smiled coyly while we moved down to the bedroom. God knows, the coffee table was hard on the knees.

In a few moments, Sandri was across the bed, with Roger deep in her cunt, while Rose moved him back and forth. I could hear the gentle hum of the vibrator, and I felt Sandri responding to the stimulation, as I gently caressed and kissed her breasts, rubbing my hard cock up and down across her belly. 

Rose had Sandri's one leg against her own cunt, and was rubbing her cunt with it while thrilling Sandri with the vibrator. I stroked the inside of her thighs, and then placed my finger on her bumhole, gently rubbing it. She came again and again, arching her back till I feared that she would slip off the bed. I was mad with lust again. I moved round to the opposite side of the bed, and Rose moved herself onto her back and opened her body to me. I stabbed into her wet hole, once again feeling the primal thrill of fucking my wife. As I thrust excitedly into her, aware of a beautiful feeling of joy filling my heart, I placed one hand under Sandri, who was kissing Rose. I gripped one small, perfect breast, and thrilled once more as Rose responded in time to my movements. 

"Come sit on me" I said to Rose, and I moved to lie down, Sandri on my left, running her hands through my chest hair, and Rose astride me. Rose gently guided me into her moist cunt. I could smell her wetness. Then she rode me, and came like a champion. God, what a thrill to see her coming; a complete picture of sight, sound, smell and touch as the woman in my life came on me. I was rock hard, but didn't come. 

In an instant, Rose was off me and masturbating my tool, sucking for a little and then moving her hand up and down my shaft, faster and faster, her hand flying up and down. Sandri held my balls in her one hand and stroked them with the other. And then I came. What a climax, the tip of my cock bordering on extreme sensitivity as Rose slowly brought me down off my high.

Through a haze of warmth and satiation, I felt Sandri's body lying across mine, and became aware of Rose on my right side, legs over my body, while Sandri thrust and moved Roger inside Rose's magnificent pussy. I imagined the taste of my wife's cunt on my tongue, the feel of her clit, the bright pink tip peeping out from between her cunt lips, shiny with pussy juice. Sandri kissed and sucked at Rose's nipples, all the time working Roger Rabbit inside her. I slid my left hand down and between Sandri's thighs from the back, seeking her wetness and that little clit, so small and unlike the bold queen of my wife's cunt. My right hand cupped a breast and I could feel the hard nipple in the palm of my hand. Pure heaven. Rose came again, shaking with the release of intense pleasure at the hands of our playmate.

Yet, despite the differences between the two women, I came to the realization that they were so alike in taste, smell, feel, warmth and passion. Their cunts were like flowers, with pussy lips folded and convoluted like rose petals, smelling wild and raw and tasting like the sea; their soft, smooth, pliable bellies, wide hips and firm breasts were treasures that I could appreciate.

And I realized that, once again, my wife had revealed herself as the wonderful, sensuous person that she is, beautiful, wanton, passionate and most of all, EXTREMELY FUCKABLE.

God, I am a lucky old sod!