 Scott loped to the front of the room and sidled tensely up to me. While we were standing there uncertain, Dave said, "Gentlemen, what these two men and eventually all of you are about to engage in is sort of the flip side of the traditional circle jerk. As you recall, in the circle jerk, the first man to cum wins the money in the pot. This game is a little bit different. The two of you get acquainted, select your own pace and start jacking each other off. When both men are fully hard, the definition of fully hard being in my sole discretion, I'll click on this stopwatch."

"Then what?" Somebody yelled. 

"Then when the second man comes, I click the stopwatch again. The team with the longest time, not the shortest, wins the game."

"What do we win?" a couple of guys asked. I thought I detected Scott flinch.

"Why do you think our gal Janis is here, dummy?" Dave said. "The two winners will finish out the evening joining in a three-way with our game girl Janis here. It's already been decided: the man in the winning team who came first gets to fuck her, while at the same time, the man on the winning team who came last—the MVP of the evening's entertainment—gets a blowjob from her. She's even agreed to swallow his cum for him, without even knowing who he is at this point? How's about a big hand for our game gal Janis?"

The crowd gave Janis a deafening ovation. I worried again about the neighbors calling the cops, especially considering the activity I would soon be engaged in with Scott.

"Ready to start?" I asked him, as much to take his mind off the grand prize as anything else.

"Sure," he nodded. We sat down next to each other on the couch. My hands and arms suddenly felt awkward, like they belonged to somebody else. Sensing my embarrassment, Scott reached slowly between my legs and gently cradled my cock in his palm. It felt so good, rougher than a woman's hand but the still the same thrilling tickling sensation. I must have jumped; some men laughed. 

"Relax," Scott said to me, but I could sense him shaking a bit all the same as he affectionately fondled the stiffening shaft and swelling head of my cock in full view of all the men in the room, not to mention his wife, who softly murmured, "oh, yeah, Baby," in apparent approval. When I groped to touch Scott's penis, averting my eyes from his face, his shaking grew almost violent; he began shuddering to the point I thought he might be having some kind of seizure. Still, I didn't want either of us to stop for any reason. 

Scott was uncut, and there seemed to be so much hide on his that it fairly slid up and down like an elephant's. Soon the head of his cock grew massive, to the point where the hole at the end opened up like a blind eye. 

I heard the first click of the stopwatch.

Scott's shivering continued. I maintained a steady rhythm, pumping his cock, but gently, for I wanted desperately to win the prize. 

It was becoming fiendishly clear that there had been a method in Dave's madness in setting the rules: the promise of a fuck or a blowjob from Janis would make all the men do everything in their power to prolong the mutual JO sessions. Dave, whom I realized was the only man in the room not to have drawn a card, had made himself the observer. He would be complicit in every heretofore-straight married man's humiliation, turning every ostensibly hetero male in the room into a bisexual in one night. 

I realized something else: if Scott and I won the prize, he would only have to share Janis with one other man in the room—me. But I sensed also that Scott was getting close to cumming already from my ministrations.

"Think about dying, Scott," I offered. "Think about disease. Think about pain."

"Pinch the tip of it," Scott leaned over and gasped into my ear. "Pinch hard. Use your fingernails."

I did. "Ah, fuck!" Scott cried out in pain like pulling off a bandage, but he stayed hard.

"How'd you like to have him suck on it, Scott?" Dave suggested malevolently. "Gar wouldn't mind, would you, Gar?" I felt Scott's prick grow even harder, stiff as a pole after he heard Dave's insinuation. And my own cock was already leaking precum as Scott stroked it, even though he slackened his pace, deliberately I thought. 

I tried something else: with the palm of my hand I pressed down on the tip of Scott's penis in a steady rolling motion. If I had thought this trick would delay Scott's orgasm, I couldn't have been more wrong. With an explosive gasp, Scott pulled my hand away' rolled toward me and started rubbing his cock against my thigh. I felt hot spurting cum shoot all over my inner thigh and against my abdomen, an awesome load that clung to me like glue.

"Whoo, looks like Scott really had to get off," Dave jeered. "Maybe Janis hasn't been taking care of him often enough at home, right, guys?"

Scott mumbled, "sorry," but kept away at me, jacking my cock in slow rhythm to the music Dave had put on the stereo. I recognized it as an old Fiona Apple number: Criminal. Scott never took his eyes off mine, as though trying to read something in my face. Maybe he thought staring me down would distract me from cumming, I don't know, but before the song was over, I lost my chance at Janis when I came in her husband's hand. It had felt so dirty and so good, better than any hand job I'd ever gotten from Barb. I guess it takes a man to know what thrills another man. 

TO BE CONTINUED