 I was driving home one evening when my mind went back to the last time I had a good fuck. I was thinking of a young girl from work whom I know is too young for me but I still think about sucking her out and then fucking her cunt. As I was driving along gradually getting a nice hard on I thought I will have to stop and have a wank or I will crash the car. All of a sudden I saw a sign for a sauna just down in front of me. I don't know what possessed me but I found myself pulling over and parking. I walked up to the entrance, opened the door and walked in. The first thing you see is a strange little hall way that opens into a red room with a guy sitting at a desk. He told me it cost £15 and that includes a back massage for 5 minutes. I was just going to say that I don't have a swimming costume and I was told I didn't need one.

I was given a locker key and towel that was just big enough to dry your face. The lights got dimmer as I walked into the locker room. I found the locker, looked around and decided to get undressed. All of a sudden I realised I was not alone I looked around to see a guy sitting on the bench next to me, hello he said, I looked, nodded an smiled. He took this to be a welcome stood up letting his towel drop and asked if I needed help getting undressed. He didn't have an over large dick but it was growing as he stood there. I took my shirt off and he stroke my back saying how muscular I was. I wanted to take off my trousers but he was too close behind me. If I turned around I didn't want my dick too close to him. In the end I turned sideways and bent down to pick my trousers up and the guy started to slide my underwear down. Then he slid his hand down between my arse cheeks making me jump. I quickly took them off tossed them into the locker picked up my towel said I was going to explore the place and walked off. As I wandered away I noticed him look at me and stroke his dick up and down.

I decided to go for a pee before going out into the sauna and finding the masseur. I went into a cubicle sat down and noticed a hole in the wall as I was having a pee. I could see a shadow moving past and had a look through but not with my eye next to hole. I could see a guy wanking off. Suddenly the head of his dick came through the hole and a whisper asking me if I wanted to suck him off. I didn't say anything but as I flushed the toilet the whole dick came through. It seemed to throb by itself. I squeezed by it and opened the door. The other side I heard a female voice telling me to stick my dick through the hole. I stopped and listened again it told me, and then I saw an eye at the hole then a tongue come through. I held onto my dick and gave the head to the tongue to lick. It felt good, too good, after a few minutes of this the voice said push it through for me. I pushed my dick through to feel lip suckle the head. Then I could feel teeth grip just behind the head stopping me pulling back, the door creaked open and a black guy came in behind me. He smiled at me, knowing what was happening, walked behind me and squeezed my arse cheeks and then spread them. I was holding the wall, as I couldn't move. Then I felt the soft touch of the black guy sucking my arse hole driving his tongue deep beyond the clenched muscle. My dick was growing larger then the teeth were gone and the sucking started again. It was heaven. 

I had never been in this situation before and didn't know what to do. The sucking stopped but the black guy stayed behind me so I bent over for him so he could get to me better. I heard the door open then there was a black guy standing in front of me he had a slightly high pitch voice he was the girl I thought I heard. They both stood in front of me and held their hands out for me to take, which I did. They led me off to the Jacuzzis my towel was dropped on the edge and we got in and the 2 black guys sat either side of me. We all chatted for a while asking my name I told them then they told me theirs, Anthony and Brian. I could feel their legs brushing mine then I felt them both take a hand and moved it so I holding a dick. They moved my hnd up and down stroking them. I didn't need much encouragement I was fascinated to feel the skin slip down but feel the hardness underneath. I was growing to love the feel. I then became aware of them stroking my nipples and all over my chest. I then felt some hands behind me stroking my head I look over my shoulders and saw the guy I first saw as I was getting changed. I turned back as I could feel the heat from his dick as it was glancing over my cheek near my ear.

This went on for ages I closed my eyes and let the situation take its own path. I kept on stroking their dicks not fast but just fast enough for me to experience the feeling. Then I was aware of others sitting opposite us obviously wanking off under the water while watching. Then they obviously started to wank each other. I then felt what was like a foot moving over my dick it was a strange feeling but not unpleasant. I was the n lifted by Brian so I was sitting on the edge with my dick sticking straight up. Brian moved my legs apart moved between them and sucked my dick into his mouth and started to bob his head up and down. Anthony moved up and kissed me then his tongue entered my mouth. I was sucking on it kissing him with passion. Brian stopped sucking me stood up licking his lips took my hand and put it on his cock then Anthony did the same. We walked off with all the rest following, I could feel hands stroking my body slipping between my cheeks and a finger trying to get into my arse. Fingers were nipping my nipples making me wince. 

We moved into a massage room where I was laid onto the table on my back. I laid there feeling different hands touching me everywhere, mouths sucking me cock, nipples, legs any where. The 2 blacks guys stood by my head stroking my hair, smiling at me. Anthony had his cock lying on the table by my head. I turned to look at him and it touched my lips I turn away not sure what to do. Suddenly all the hands left me, I was pulled up the table so my head hung over the edge. Then I saw Anthony's black cock brushing my lips, I could feel his hands hold me head still. I opened my mouth and allowed him to feed his cock in. he didn't push fast or hard but just the head and he slowly moved closer feeding more in. after a few minutes he was moving down my throat with his balls brushing my nose. He let go of my head and slowly moved his black cock in and out. I thought fuck this is mouth fuck no wonder girls like this it feels wonderful. He gently face fucked me. I think Brian was wanting for the right time before stroking my dick. Then I felt his lips around me taking me into his throat. But then I felt other hands lift my legs and fit them into stirrups then moving them apart. Further and further apart. 

Anthony was still slowly fucking my face, I could feel his hand on my throat feeling his cock bulging out. He pulled out with a plop. I was going to object but I looked down to see another guy now sucking me, his head bobbing up and down very fast enjoying what he was doing. He stopped moved to my side and while staring into my eyes slowly took my whole length down his throat again. I saw my black friends between my legs stroking them while looking down at me. Anthony nodded at someone who walked to my head grabbed it and drove his dick into my mouth. He was not as careful as Anthony he just pushed his dick in and fucked my face for his pleasure. As my dick was being sucked I felt a finger enter my arse with ease. Then 2, opening me up I felt something cool being poured over me. Then the fingers were entering me easily. A dick was placed into my hands for me to wank, then I felt fingers pinch my nipples making me gasp. While all this was going on I felt something larger enter my arse with ease. Then I felt it go deeper and deeper and I realised I was being fucked by Anthony. He held onto my hips and fuck me fast, then faster and faster. Stroking my stomach to make me feel easier. Then within a short time the face fucking, arse fucking and wanking slowed down until it was a wonderful experience. Not rough but good. It went on and on for what seemed like ages. The guy in my mouth was he first to cum, he pulled out and shot over my face. Then a face started to lick it off. The guy sucking me off and I looked down to see Anthony grip me and slowly stroke me. Someone held my head so I could watch.

Anthony knew I was near to cumming so me wanked me faster and faster and as I felt him throb, I cum at the same time as he did. Brian dropped onto my dick to take my cum, he drank it down. Anthony pulled out of my arse slipped off the condom he put on dropping it onto the floor. I was pleased that he had used one. I was lift off the table and I walked over to the Jacuzzi got in a felt the warm water wash over my body. Lots of guys got in and we all were so close that we leaned on each other. My hands stroked a limp dick as a hand stroked me.

Anthony leaned over and kissed me cheek wondering what my reaction will be. I just smiled and let him. After a while the Jacuzzi cleared and I was left with Anthony and Brian sitting each side of me again. It was about 6.30 in the evening and the sauna was open to everyone again. I hadn't realised it was men only. Two young girls about 18 got in next to us smiled and kept on looking at us. Brian leant over and spoke to them getting close to their ear and he was obviously stroking her leg. She smiled and followed Brian as he got out. They both went into the same room as before. We followed them, she looked over her shoulder and smiled. As we went in the used condom was still on the floor. She sat on the edge of the table watching as I locked the door. We walked over to her and went to work stripping her costume off, we all had the same idea and she was going to get fucked hard. 

She was laid down and made to suck us off, we didn't touch her at all. She was squirming around the table, fingers in her own cunt, trying to bring herself off. Brian lay on the table and told her fuck her cunt on his black cock, calling her a black mans slut. She got on a fed it into her cunt. Anthony held her head a fed his dick into her mouth and down her throat, making her gag. I got behind her and forced my dick into her arse. We fucked her hard and fast not letting her cum. We pumped her with our spunk together. We got off her, unlocked the door and walked out, covering our semi hard dicks with our small towels. She was screaming at us to make her cum. We looked over to a group of other black guys told them to go in and fuck her she needs it. As we walked away we heard her saying no, but then we heard her sighing as she saw the dicks on the guys. The door was lock with her and 4 guys ready to fuck her. 

We walked off back to the locker room, laughing how she was such a slut just to go off and fuck anyone. Then I thought I wasn't much better. But who cares. She enjoys being fucked and so do I. I also enjoy fucking as well. I went into the shower with Anthony and Brain my 2 new black friends. We washed each other and as no one was around touching each others cocks. Brain got onto his hands and knees and sucked Anthony off, I rolled a condom on got behind Anthony soaped his arse pushed him forward and fed my dick into his arse. Some guys looked in and left us alone as we fucked. Then one guy came over and watched Anthony beckoned him over and wanked him off while being fucked. He leant over and kissed him, he was the first to cum. He hadn't realised that we had been fucking and sucking all afternoon. We pulled out cum all over the floor, washed again and got dressed. We chatted as we got dressed and decided to go for something to eat. One thing led to another, I ended up in bed with Anthony cuddling me while Brian went home. We fucked, sucked and made each other feel good.

We now go out looking for girls to fuck, they have o take all 3 cocks together, and places to fuck each other. We do look for places where we have an audience as we enjoy it. Some say its nice to see black and white skin next to each other and even better when I am between both of them. Me sucking Brian, Brian sucking me, and Anthony fucking my arse. The girls get really hot and want to be fucked senseless after watching us. 

My crotch is so wet after writing this, my cock is hard and I need to keep stroking it. Its now been hard for about 60 minutes. I have just wanked and cum it was on my fingers so I licked them clean, no need to waste it is there. I bet you would like to taste it, I know you would suck me off and take my cock down your throat until I cum for you to drink it down. I would hold you head tight against my pubic hair so you couldn't get away and fuck your mouth, calling you a cocksucker while you do it. Sometimes I will take it out and cum over your face and then lick it clean. I bet you would like to have your face slapped with my cock and then pushed into your mouth and down your throat. I could slap you arse if you don't do a good job or if you are too slow. Sounds good.