 I had met her at the help desk of a local bookstore and had felt the connection immediately. She was a cute Latina, with gorgeous eyes and great energy. She was about 5' tall (I later learned that she was 4'10") and had a petite yet curvy build. Her full C-cup breasts seemed more like DDs on her small frame. 

After answering my questions, she volunteered to take me around the shop and help me to locate my books. We spent about thirty minutes together, lots of smiles, laughs and eye contact. Before leaving I jokingly thanked "my Lady", gently kissing the back of her hand. Surprisingly, she followed up with a graceful curtsy while bowing her head. Her loose-fitting top, the angle of the movement and her diminutive size gave me a surprise view of her breasts. My eyes lingered a little too long, and she caught me staring. To change the moment, I introduced myself and thank her for all of her help. She told me her name, shook my hand, and gave me a quick smile before going to help another customer. Over the next few days, my thoughts never strayed far from "Sarita".

At the end of the week, I went back to the shop to see Sarita, but she was not there. In her place at the help desk was a tall, thin, brunette (with a cute bob haircut & glasses) who did not smile when I came in. I asked about a book and she let me know that they did not have it, but that they could order it in within three days. I placed my order, and asked after Sarita. The brunette did not quite scowl, but her expression definitely cooled. 

Two days later I received a message from the book shop that my order was in. I stopped by after work and was pleased to see Sarita. She remembered me and asked me how I was. She went to the back to get my order and when she came back we ended up talking about the book and then about life in general. About forty minutes passed and we were in a deep discussion when the woman who had ordered my book came in. Sarita greeted her with a kiss on the cheek and introduced me to "Jennifer". Sarita was leaving for the day. She let me know that she was going out for a coffee and asked me if I would like to join her. We spent the next three hours laughing and talking, moving from the coffee shop to a local wine bar. As time went on we sat closer, made more eye contact and let our hands linger in the others.

Sarita had to get up early the next day so I walked her to her place and we planned to meet up the next evening at the wine bar. I gave her my number and a kiss on the cheek and bid her good night.

The next day could not pass soon enough. At six o'clock I finished work, went home to shower and change and then headed off to the wine bar. When I arrived I saw Sarita waiting out front. The bar was closed for a private party. I suggested a few other places but Sarita was tired and did not want to go far. In the end, she invited me back to her place and we picked up two bottles of red on the way.

Back at her place we sat back on the couch, with our feet up, and talked our way through the first bottle of red. I sat forward on the couch, opening the second bottle. As I turned to hand Sarita her glass, she surprised me with a deep kiss. I pulled away long enough to put down her glass of wine, and then pulled her back to me and we slowly explored each others lips, mouths and faces for the next half hour or so. 

Taking a break for some wine, Sarita began kissing my neck and throat as I swallowed the wine. Her as put down my wine and turned to kiss her, her hand brushed against my erection, that was straining against my jeans. Instead of moving away, Sarita grasped it through the material and began to rub and squeeze me while kissing my neck and pressing herself against me. 

I undid my shirt, giving her access to more skin and let my hands roam over her body, feeling every inch from her knees to her neck, but lingering too long in any place. Not wearing a bra, Sarita's nipples were straining against the material of her top. Unable to restrain myself, I lifted her top over her head and began to caress and lick her breast, armpits and neck. She gasped as I took a nipple into my mouth, nibbling gently and swirling it with my tongue. After a few minutes of this attention, she pulled away and helped me out of my pants and underwear. Sarita then pushed me back and took me into her mouth. Already spinning from the wine, I was now lost in sensation.

Sarita took her time, working the head of my penis around in her mouth, before lubing the whole area with her saliva. She began slowly stroking my shaft while working the head with a combination of suction and tongue. I was almost ready to explode when she pulled away and took some wine into her mouth and came up to kiss me. Was she did so I reached to take off her pants, but she pressed me back and took my whole length into her mouth and down her throat. Without moving me out she began to swallow, creating an amazing undulation that massage every inch. While doing so she pressed a finger against my anus and began to gently press forward. Through the haze I could feel my anus relax and let her slowly in. Whenever I tensed she would rest there, allowing me to adjust to her before moving deeper. Once her finger was buried inside me she began to bob her head up and down my length while massaging my prostate. The sensation was odd at first, and then quickly began more and more pleasurable. A second finger was worked in and soon the intensity was too much. I let her know that I was about to cum and tried to move away. She clamped me in place and redoubled her efforts. 

I could feel a small but steady flow of cum stream out of me and into her mouth, but I was not yet feeling the intense spasms of a regular orgasm. After about two minutes of uninterrupted ecstasy I suddenly felt the tension build and I began to cum uncontrollably. I began to moan out loud and my body began to shake as she emptied me into her mouth and down her throat. The louder I yelled, the more she pumped, fingered and swallowed. My whole body spasmed over and over, each time unloading more cum.

The tremors slowed and I was eventually drained. Laying there in a stupor, Sarita slowly sucked me while gently pulling her fingers out of my ass. She then worked her way up and lay down over me, her breasts pressing into my sweaty chest. She then leaned over and kissed me, her tongue exploring my mouth, delivering the salty after taste of my cum. I began to kiss her back, taking the remnants of the cum from her mouth into mine and swallowing them down.

(continued in Part II)