 The stopwatch clicked a second time. "Eight minutes thirty-seven seconds," Dave announced. "Not bad. Not bad at all. Okay, round two. We have the seven of spades. Seven of spades is Markie Mark. Way to go, buddy. Who's got the seven of hearts? All right, Ralphie, my main man, front and center."

Two other men took our places on the couch and got down and dirty. Having been preoccupied with my own performance and Scott's, I hadn't realized two things that were becoming increasingly apparent. One, the guys on the teams that got called up later were likely to be progressively drunker and drunker as the night wore on and nervousness led to more drinking. If either member of the team could not get hard, the team forfeited. Two, Dave was going to disqualify any man who came prematurely, either accidentally or on purpose, before his card was drawn. After all, once the object of the game was disclosed and everybody knew that the last man standing, so to speak, won a blowjob from Janis, it wouldn't be fair. That's why Dave was careful to keep an eye on the spectators to make sure no one came secretly to increase his endurance during the main event. Even so, many of the older men were twiddling with themselves, fanning their fingers and whipping their cocks around trying to stay hard.

I could gauge by Mark's breathing and the purple veins bulging out on his forehead, not to mention his cock, that he was close to cumming. Sure enough, within moments he shot a big load easily three feet into the air. Some of it hit his partner across the nose. His partner, an insurance-salesman type with glasses and love handles, took it in stride. Maybe being hit in the face with another man's semen turned him on, because by the count of ten he was spasmodically pumping his pelvis, gasping and groaning over his own very public orgasm.

"Two minutes twelve seconds," Dave sounded off. "Leaders are still Gary and Scott. Next card is the deuce of spades. Who do we have on deck? Josh and Shawn. This could be a contest. Fellas, whenever you're ready."

Two young guys swaggered up to the couch. They made the mistake of squirting some lotion on themselves before getting started—a tactical error. For the first time I dared think that maybe Scott and I had a chance to win, which would mean a public blowjob from Janis while Scott looked on and fucked her. My prediction proved accurate. The lotion increased the slipperiness of the jackoff session and in under a minute both men came. 

It was going on eleven o'clock. Team after team had taken their turns at bat but so far no one had gone even eight minutes to give us a serious challenge. Some of the older men who'd been drinking couldn't get it up even with a bi guy acting as a fluffer, and so were disqualified under a ten-minute rule Dave had enacted on the spot. After two hours of this kind of action it began to seem the most natural and innocent entertainment in the world watching pairs of men masturbate each other trying to hold out the longest. For her part Janis watched intently the whole time, offering frequent and timely encouragement.

Finally, well after midnight the last two cards were drawn: the queen of spades and the queen of hearts. No one had beaten our time or even come close. The last two men, Derrick and Kyle, assumed their positions on the couch and started in. Both looked like construction workers or personal trainers, both about thirty-five. Derrick was hairy as a bear, Kyle smooth-shaven like a swimmer. Derrick prefaced the action by saying, "Give me what you got" to Kyle, and they started jacking each other. Both were hard in no time; Dave admiringly said, "geez," and clicked the stopwatch the first time. I glanced at the wall clock: twelve twenty-four AM. Kyle and Derrick each breathed evenly from his diaphragm. Clearly they both were concentrating, trying to forestall climax and prolong and control pleasure. But pleasure is a tricky thing to control. Six minutes passed, then seven. The only sounds were the mens' breathing and the squeak and rustle of the plastic slipcover in tempo to the team players' pumping motions. 

It was quiet enough to hear a cell phone on vibration mode. Dave answered it and informed Derrick, "It's your old lady, Dude. You want I should tell her you'll call her back, or what?" Wordlessly Derrick reached for the cell phone, took it in his free hand and said, "Yeah?" He listened for half a minute while Dave motioned for the crowd to stay quiet. Derrick kept jacking Kyle with his right hand, saying nothing. I looked again at the wall clock: twelve thirty-two.

But something was happening. Derrick tensed, then said, "Yeah I know what time it is. It's—hold on a minute, okay?" He waved the phone frantically at Dave, who took it from him and hung on to it. Pulsing jets of semen erupted from the tip of Derrick's massive cock. At the same time Kyle groaned, "Aw, shit," and came along with his partner. Derrick said, "Bitch fucked up my concentration."

Dave clicked the stopwatch and announced, "Eight minutes, seventeen seconds. The winners and new champions by a count of twenty seconds: Scott and Gary!" All the men cheered loudly if begrudgingly. Derrick was back on the phone trying to explain to his wife what was going on and why there was so much noise at a card game.

The crowd parted for Janis's relaxed stride. She stood facing us, hands on hips. "Looks like you boys won fair and square," she said. "Ready for your prize?"

I glanced at Scott, who said, "Go for it, man. She wants you to."

"Ready as I'll ever be, Janis," I said. 

The men crammed in three-deep to watch us position ourselves. Janis crouched on all fours on top of the coffee table and waited; Scott moved to Janis's rear while I stood in front. Some man behind Scott said, "Oh, man, he's gonna fuck her in the ass with that fucking salami." 

Scott squirted some of the lotion on his burgeoning member, then asked me, "Little help, Gar?" I rubbed it in for him, feeling him get even harder than the first time. I could scarcely get my hand around the powerful base of his cock. "Do the honors?" he then asked. "I never could get the damn thing in." 

So after smearing a liberal quantity of lotion around Janis's asshole—she moaned, "That feels so cool,"—I guided Scott's cock in for him. Janis grunted and moaned like someone straining at a big turd, and then he was in. Janis's asshole looked stretched to the limit. "God, that hurts sooo good," she groaned. Scott began gingerly fucking her in the ass. The more Janis moaned and gasped, the harder Scott fucked her. 

"Yes, it really does feel like I'm taking a great big shit right now, in case anybody's interested," Janis confided to the room. Then looking up at me, she added, "Don't you have something for me, Gar?" She smiled; Janis has buck teeth but they give her a glamour look, quite attractive. Wondering if she would take it easy with those prominent teeth against my cock, I moved closer and offered it to her luscious mouth. She kissed the very tip, then lewdly licked up and down the shaft. Several men sighed with envy. 

I stood there naked with my hands behind my back while my friend's wife took my entire penis into her mouth and sucked it expertly while her husband and twenty-some other men watched our every move. Janis looked up at me, watching my expression with every downstroke. I could feel the lewd pressure of her tongue against the sensitive underbelly of my penis. Every time she'd come up for air she'd release her tender suction on the head of my cock with an audible popping sound. Every release made my dick bounce like a spring. The only time I felt the teeth was when she released suction and caught her breath. Scott fucking her in the ass made it impossible for her to breathe normally it seemed.

I found myself looking into Scott's eyes while the three of us worked. Scott reached under Janis and began fondling one of her huge breasts, both of them hanging down like water balloons full to bursting. He nodded to me and whispered, "Go ahead," inviting me to join him. I fondled her other breast. The feel of her mouth on my cock was indescribable the harder I became. I didn't want her to gag but could not resist adding some hip-pumping motion of my own, fucking her in the face. One time I went too far; Janis gagged and choked. I withdrew at once, but she caught her breath in time and said, "S'awright. More, give me more. Give me every inch you got, Stud."

All at once I felt some man's hand on my ass, then a probing finger fumbling for my asshole. The pleasure Janis was giving me was too intense to interrupt. The persistent finger became two, finding the portal of my asshole and wriggling in, deeper and deeper. I felt the cold squirt of creamy lotion being applied to the crack of my ass, followed by penetration by what could only have been a man's hard cock. The friction inside of me gave me a new and shuddering kind of thrill, especially when I felt the firm urging pressure against my prostate.

"Now you know how I feel," Janis said. I twisted and craned my neck but with my cock in Janis's mouth I couldn't turn far enough to make out whose cock was up my ass, and he did not have the good manners to introduce himself. He fucked me for many minutes after that, his hands squeezing and spreading the cheeks of my ass; I didn't protest, it was too gratifying in a disgraceful way.

Finally Janis asked, "Are you getting ready to cum for me, Gar?" The ass-fucking came harder and harder. I couldn't answer, but then the pressure from within grew so intense I exploded in Janis's mouth. 

As soon as she sensed my cum in her she opened her mouth and extended the full breadth of her tongue, capturing my semen like a living spoon. Some of it caught on her front teeth and dripped down; a few stray drops caught her in one eye so that in managing it she appeared to be winking. I thought I was done, but a few seconds later I called out, "Oh, shit," and a few more drops of my cum pulsated all over her face and into her long auburn hair. 

All the men noisily expressed their raucous approval at my climax, which my anonymous male partner had deeply intensified by his unexpected but not unwelcome intrusion. He must have withdrawn during my dizzying oral climax with Janis. Unperturbed, Scott continued to pump away at Janis's asshole.

I felt a hand on my shoulder, turned and met Dave's leering expression. "It was you, wasn't it?" I demanded.

"You think I'd want to fuck you in the ass? No way, Dude. That's not my scene. No, I was going to ask you if you'd like to reciprocate for Scott."

"Say what?"

"Scott seems to be having some trouble getting off. Now that Scott's wife Janis has been so kind as to give you a life-changing blow job, some of the guys thought it would be only fair if you'd offer to reciprocate, and give Scott the same thing you got from Janis. Interested?"

He may have meant it as a joke, but after the evening's activities I considered the question. I turned and asked Scott, "The question is, are you interested?" Looking me right in the eye, he nodded affirmatively.

The men whooped and hollered when I approached Scott and kneeled facing him. Scott withdrew from Janis's asshole—she moaned at first, then said, "Whoo that tingles. I feel all jingly and numb down there, like I just shit out a whale. Anybody wanna kiss my boo boo?" Several men spontaneously volunteered. Janis selected one, upended her big ass and let him bend over and tongue her anus for a minute or two. She thanked him, then turned and lay back on her elbows to watch the action between her husband and me. 

Scott's cock still bore traces of Janis's shit. He halfheartedly wiped it off with a single swipe of thumb and forefinger before presenting his big cock to me. I spread my fingers across his taut abdomen, braced my thumbs under his tender inflamed balls and took the head of his engorged penis into my mouth. The taste of it was bitter, but if I didn't breathe through my nose I found I couldn't taste the shit. And anyway, after a few full-shaft sucks on Scott's penis the taste went away.