 The Floating World - Juliette Redux

Juliette thought she might hold some sway over Madelyn, with her three fingers reminding the older woman of her need that night in the restaurant. And she impishly thought her little finger and Adam might be entwined, given his willingness to carry her to his bed and his indulgence of her whims.

Individually, she felt confident she could steer their desires, or at least encourage them; but if they were together and she was between them, she wasn't so sure. And that was where Juliette wanted to be, flat on her back with her belly exposed; a little kitten playing with big cats with sharp claws and sharp teeth.

So it was with some trepidation, or anticipation, or even exhilaration (for each gave her a fast-beating heart) that Juliette stood outside her house waiting for Adam to pick her up. Was he Madelyn's driver now, or a co-conspirator come to sweep her away? She stood on the curb as if it was a cliff's edge, and she waited.

A big car pulled up and the passenger window hummed down. "Get in the back," said Adam. "There are leather seats, you can pretend to be O, going to Roissy."

"That's a long way to drive, just for me," Juliette replied, as she slid along the back seat to sit behind him. When she moved the cloth of her dress from under her, the leather was indeed cool and delicious on her bare bottom. She wriggled against the seat before deciding it was far easier and felt much nicer just to splay her cheeks apart and sit as wide-spread as she could. "Can you drive around some bumpy corners," she grinned, "so I slide?"

"Naughty girl," Adam laughed. "Have you been driven by Madelyn, up in the hills?"

"Yes, I have. She wanted me to finger her as she drove, so I did."

She caught Adam's glance in the rear view mirror, but couldn't read his eyes. He turned his attention back to the road, and she slid two fingers between her lips where she was wet already. Juliette leaned back in the corner of the rear seat and played with herself as he drove. "Don't stop, unless the light's red," she said.

"Safe words, Juliette?"

"Yes," she replied, and smiled at him in the mirror. He nodded - so that was sorted out early, kept simple.

"Do you want a taste, Adam?"

"Yes, please." So that was sorted out too, to ask and to answer. Juliette leaned forward and touched his lips with wet fingers.

"Will Madelyn ask, too?" she asked, after a moment or two.

"I think so. She seems to be mellowing."

"That's your influence, Adam. She's not quite so sure as she was, not any more. We might need to change that." Juliette waited for his look in the mirror, but still couldn't read it.

They drove in silence for two blocks before she finally spoke. "You don't need to ask, Adam. Whatever you want, just do it."

He glanced at her again. "I'm not dangerous, Juliette."

"How do you know?" she asked.

Adam tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, so Juliette knew that her comment meant something to him, but still she didn't know what. She kept her gaze on the rear-view mirror, but he was focussed on the traffic now, not her. So she closed her eyes and enjoyed the rock and sway of her body as he navigated the city streets, the soft rush of tyres suggesting a steady pace. Her touch between her legs was slow and comforting, and her nipples were deliciously tight.

After a while she opened her eyes and looked outside, and saw they were moving under an avenue of trees, with purple blossom catching the high sunlight. "We're going to Madelyn's house," she said, recognising the street.

"Yes, nearly there." Adam caught her eyes, and smiled. He reached for the remote to Madelyn's gate, and the big car crunched down the gravel drive, the gates closing silently behind them. Adam parked behind Maddy's car, and got out. He opened the rear door for Juliette, and she swung her legs out of the car. She presented an imperious hand which Adam took, assisting her to stand. He looked down at her, amused by her airs. She grinned back, impertinent, enjoying his attention.

She pressed herself against him, tilting her head up for a kiss. "Hello, Adam."

"Hello, my love," he replied.

"Am I?" she asked. "Your love?"

Adam laughed. "One of them."

"Tease," she replied, affectionately punching his arm. "I thought I was the only one." Juliette pouted and looked adorable, peeking up at him from under her fringe. "Have you told her, this other hussy who's got your heart?"

"Careful, she might hear you." Adam said, turning towards the house.

"Oh, you two! Stop this outrageous flirting." Madelyn looked down on the pair from the porch, where she had opened the front door to greet them. She stood tall and magnificent in a pair of stiletto heeled red velvet boots, thigh high, revealed by a long slit dress pulled tight at the waist with a wide belt.

"Dress ups. Do you like?" She turned in a circle, to reveal the long naked stretch of her back and a swirl of the dress as she moved.

"Your Sunday best, Madelyn?" Adam asked, taking her by the waist with one hand to dance with her, in a single turn. She was taller than him, in her boots.

"Oh no, Mister Cain, that's tomorrow. You impatient, delectable man."

Madelyn turned to Juliette, opening both arms for the girl's hug. "Darling, come here, let me see you." Juliette pressed up against her in the same way she'd slid against Adam, her sex against Maddy's thigh.

Maddy breathed in deeply, scenting the girl. "Is that a new perfume, Juliette?"

Juliette offered her fingers to Madelyn's lips. "No, the same one. Perhaps it's leather scented, from Adam's car. I asked him to drive in a straight line, but he wouldn't."

"Naughty girl," Maddy smiled. "What is it about cars, do you think?"

"Journeys and arrivals, Madelyn. You should write a book." Adam commented.

"Truck Stop Madam, is that it?" Maddy asked.

"Something like that."

Maddy laughed, her rich contralto laugh that turned heads.

"Come on in," she said, taking them both by the hand. "I've got lunch ready in the back room."

Adam and Juliette both paused to take their shoes off by the front door. Madelyn waited patiently, not touching her boots at all. Juliette put on a delicate pair of slippers so her white stockings wouldn't get torn, and Adam walked in bare feet.

They followed Madelyn down the hall to the back room, passing her den on the way. The room was neat and tidy, the day-bed made and its covers pulled up. The cat lay curled on its chair, but rolled onto its back for Juliette's fingers. She scratched its snowy white belly, which elicited a little chirrup, then a purr. "Does he ever move, Maddy?" she asked.

"Not much," Maddy replied. "Over there, to catch the winter sun. Outside, when it's warm." She pointed to the floor length windows, shielded by blinds in summer; but today, it being mild weather, the blinds were pulled up. The windows overlooked a garden lawn, immaculately cut and surrounded by colourful flower beds, all in full bloom.

Adam went to the window, admiring the garden. "May I wander?"

"Of course," Madelyn replied, opening a door onto a small stone terrace with steps down to the lawn. He stepped out and moved slowly along a path which ran around the perimeter of the garden. She stood and watched him, Juliette by her side. The girl leaned her head against Maddy's arm.

"He's a good man, isn't he," said Juliette, and it wasn't a question.

"He is. He calms me," Madelyn replied, but it wasn't an answer.

"He maddens me," the girl continued. "I can't goad him, no matter how hard I try."

Madelyn smiled. "His impossible calm, but you want the storm?"

"Yes. I've seen it, just before he catches it. He wants to drown, but won't let himself."

Madelyn gazed at the girl for a very long time, before touching her cheek. "I think you're right." She paused. "But darling, be careful what you ask for."

"Then I won't ask," Juliette replied.

"I don't -"

"...think that's a good idea?" Juliette finished Madelyn's thought. "He's not going to hurt me, though, is he, this man of yours? So I don't need to ask, do I? Because he won't." She looked up into Madelyn's eyes. "But you might."

A shiver shot down Juliette's spine as she saw Madelyn's response, a sudden darkness and a glint of something else. She slid her hand up the side of Madelyn's dress to find the hard flesh of her tit and its nipple, tight and long already. She squeezed the breast hard. "You're fucking shameless, Madelyn, with your desire. I should hit you up for another three hundred bucks."

"Sweet fuck, you're good. Where did I find you?"

"In a toilet cubicle, Madelyn, with your fingers in your cunt." Juliette claimed her victory over the other woman.

"Look at you, butter wouldn't melt in your mouth, but you know me better than I know myself."

"Don't be silly, Madelyn. I doubt that very much. We're here in your house, you've got the kinky boots on, and I've got the pretty dress. See." Juliette twirled around and her light blue cotton dress rose up high, revealing the tops of her thighs and her virginal white stockings. "And there's a man outside. We all know what we're doing. That's why we're here. Dress ups."

"Clever girl," said Maddy. "Your dress matches your eyes." She smiled, and put her arm around the girl's waist.

"My bra matched Adam's eyes," said Juliette. "He liked that."

Maddy laughed with glee. "He would!"

"He did."

The two women turned to watch Adam, who was walking towards them with a smile on his face. "Look at you both. The Red Queen and Alice in Wonderland."

"Through the Looking Glass, surely," said Juliette, pointing to the garden. "Did you find talking flowers?"

"Camelias, they're quite chatty. And lillies, beautifully scented, but more reserved. They didn't say much."

Madelyn looked at Adam as if wondering what on earth he was on about. Juliette was delighted he so quickly played her little game.

"Books, Maddy," Adam explained. "Alice through the Looking Glass is the sequel to Alice in Wonderland. She climbs through a mirror and finds herself on a giant chess board. There's a garden full of talking flowers."

"Oh, I see. Mirrors I understand; chess, not so much." Maddy didn't want to be totally excluded from whatever it was her guests were doing, but she had the advantage of lunch being ready. She beckoned Adam inside with a waft of her hand. "Let's eat; we can chat to each other inside. I've some flowers in vases, will they do?"

"Perfect, Madelyn. A rose between your teeth, a crown of daisies in your hair. You've seen Mapplethorpe's orchids, no doubt?"

"Yes indeed, and his men in suits. And Lisa Lyon, suspended. That's a particular favourite of mine."

Adam held the pause for two beats. "Of course. Photographers then, not chess?"

Madelyn smiled, and they began to circle each other, once again.

Juliette went to the table and chose a single pink blossom, tucking it behind her ear without saying a word. She didn't need to, because she saw the crease in Adam's eyes whenever he saw something beautiful, and she saw Maddy's eyes narrow. Between her legs Juliette felt lovely and warm. She didn't mind being fought over, she didn't mind that at all.

"My darlings, please: eat and enjoy. I know I will." Madelyn led them to the buffet, but Juliette thought she probably wasn't talking about food.

Their chatter over lunch was light and inconsequential, a passing of time waiting for the curtain to rise. Juliette wasn't really hungry, but knew she should eat, so she nibbled at cheese and some crackers, and drank down two full glasses of water. She noticed that Madelyn and Adam limited themselves to a single glass of wine each, Adam's blood red, Maddy's nearly clear, the palest hint of gold.

Juliette sat between them, and at one point turned her head up to kiss Adam. She felt Maddy's hand on her leg. She held the taste of Adam's wine from his lips, and passed it to Maddy with a light and delicate kiss. Her hand fell back to the filling weight of his groin and she lightly squeezed.

"Time now, don't you think?" said Maddy. "Come up when you're ready, at the top of the stairs."

She got to her feet, trailed a hand over Juliette's shoulder, and walked down the hall. Adam and Juliette watched the slow sway of her ass in the tight dress, and her legs in the boots went on forever.

Juliette reached for Adam's hand, her smaller hand burrowing into his. "Don't let her hurt me," she said, holding his fingers like a small child waiting to cross the road. "But you can."

"What colours can you see, Juliette?"

"A green sun in an emerald sky, and the peacocks are dancing."

Adam nodded, then took the pink blossom from behind her ear and placed it on the table. He helped Juliette to her feet, and in her pretty dress and little slippers she barely came up to his shoulder. But she took her man by the hand and walked to the foot of the stairs. She looked up.

Madelyn stood at the top of the landing. Her dress lay in a pool at her feet, discarded, but the red boots were still laced tight up her slender legs. The rich, dark colour of the velvet contrasted with the pale skin of her thighs, and matched her pubic hair, dyed the same red, darker than usual. Around her torso and hips she wore a twisted garment made of black leather strips, criss-crossing her flesh, leaving her breasts and sex bare. Her nipples were rouged the same dark red as her hair and the boots, and were thick and tight already, pulling her small breasts into hard peaks. Her mane of hair fell in a twist over her left shoulder.

Juliette took two steps up the stairs so her head was the same level as Adam's. Her hand trailed back to hold his hand, and together they climbed up towards Maddy. It was simple theatre but lent an air of ceremony, a slow performance, to the climb. If there was an audience, breath would have been held and pins dropped. But they were their own audience, and entered Madelyn's upstairs room by themselves.

In the centre of the room, facing a mirror between two curtained windows, there stood a curved and dipped saddle, mounted on four slender wooden legs, carved lion's paws on the foot of each one. The leather seat was worn smooth, with stirrups set wide on an adjustable frame. Carefully positioned straps and soft leather pads would hold limbs secure and comfortable. Anyone strapped to it would be accessible from both Pop ends.

Juliette looked at the device, at Madelyn in her costume, and finally at Adam, whose hand still held hers. She took a deep, shuddering breath and stepped forward to study the whipping frame. "I've never been upstairs before," she said to Adam. "I didn't know this was here." Her voice was soft, as if she was speaking from inside a dream.

"Who made it, Madelyn?" she asked, reaching out to run her hand over the contour of the saddle where her belly would lie, the holes where her breasts would drop and be held. She touched her belly and caressed its little curve, and undid the top two buttons on her dress.

"My grandfather, a long time ago, for his second wife, Jane. She liked the maids and he liked the grooms, and together they had the thing made. It's always been in this room, and then, later on, my father had the key. It's mine now, they're all dead." She laughed, and a shiver ran down Juliette's spine. "It's a family heirloom, I suppose. Anyway, it came with the house. It's part of my inheritance."

Juliette glanced back at Adam, who was watching Madelyn through narrowed eyes. She saw a twitch in his jaw. Juliette looked down and saw the thick ridge in his pants. She smiled her own little smile. "Undo my buttons, Adam. I want to get on it, feel the leather against my bare skin. You can ride me, fill me up. Maddy can watch, she'd like that."

"Clever girl. It's why I like mirrors, but did you see the chair?" Maddy gestured towards the viewing chair on the other side of the room. Obviously made by the same master craftsman, it too had adjustable arms and foot supports with straps and buckles, and its height could be adjusted for easy access to anybody sitting in it.

"Very inventive, your grandfather," Adam observed. "Jane was your grandmother?"

"Yes, my grandmother was a Jane." She smiled. "We're quite traditional, my family, keeping names."

"With untraditional tastes?"

"What money buys, I suppose. I went to the best schools, I assure you."

"I don't doubt that," Adam replied. "Head girl?"

"Not quite. Even then, I'd acquired my taste for pretty girls in the junior years, and my parents had to change my schools to avoid rumours. But of course they started, as they do."

"As they do. It's a small town, this city." Adam gestured to the chair. "May I?"

"Please do."

Adam escorted Madelyn to the chair, and watched while she made herself comfortable in it. He lifted one foot and placed it into a support, then the other. With her legs spread wide and her bottom sitting at the edge of the leather seat, her cunt was a beautiful glistening red, made available. Maddy eased fingers into it, spreading her lips wide for show. She offered Adam a taste, which he took on his lips, licking her fingers slowly. Maddy lay back and watched him do it.

"Can I get you another drink, Maddy?" Adam asked, after a long moment contemplating Maddy's show of herself. "More wine?"

"You darling man. Yes, please." She removed her fingers, licking them clean. Juliette caught a hollowed, nearly vacant look in Maddy's eyes, as if she was lost in herself.

Before he went out of the room, Adam went to the girl, leaning down to whisper in her ear, "Maddy's horny as fuck. Shall we pay attention to her first before we start? Shall we do that for her?"

"Three fingers. She'll love it, the slut fuck bitch. She loves it when she's degraded. It reminds her who she really is." Juliette looked across at the decadent woman, resplendent in her chair, all exposed. "I'll be the little servant girl, you can be the butler. We'll undress each other first, though?"

"She'll like that." Adam said.

"So will I." Juliette's eyes sparkled. "So will you - if my eyes don't deceive me!"

"They don't, you gorgeous little tart." He smiled, and she melted. "There's a stool over there. Go get it, so you can look me in the eye." Adam glanced across the room.

Once he was gone, Juliette went to get the stool. She placed it between Maddy and the whipping frame, angling it to provide the best view.

"Thank you, Madelyn, for all this. You've given me things I never dreamed of."

"Oh, I think you did dream, Juliette. You just didn't think dreams came true." Maddy's voice was husky, her lust seeping through her, her desire for the girl growing quietly. "You and Adam, you're good together."

"He said the same about you. Did your ears burn? We've talked about you. Adam's still trying to figure you out. He thinks you don't know who you are." Juliette stood by the other woman's head, gently stroking her hair. "I don't think you do, either." Her voice was low and soothing, and somehow Juliette felt their roles were momentarily reversed, as if Maddy was the little girl, and Juliette her mother.

She pulled Madelyn's hair back tight into a thick rope, and found a band in the pocket of her dress. She looped the band around and made a ponytail. "I'll brush it for you later, a hundred strokes."

"That will sooth me, yes."

"Sooth you, Madelyn?" Adam's voice broke their revery. "Not now, surely." He placed the wine glass on a small stand within easy reach.

She touched his wrist. "Thank you, my darling."

Adam smiled down at her, and touched his fingers to her lips. Maddy closed her eyes, to keep him there in her mind.

"Come, my love, shall we begin?" Adam took Juliette's hand and led her to the stool, where she climbed up, holding his shoulder for support.

"It's like Bonnard's shop, Maddy, but to be undressed," said Juliette.
