 "Adam darling, are you free Tuesday evening? There's something I'd quite like you to see.

"Of course I'll be there ... oh, silly boy, don't think that.

"Juliette? You'll see. Well, yes, you will see, that's rather the point.

She laughed. "Oh no, Mister Cain, I don't do that.

She chuckled at his reply. "I'll send a car, about seven. Don't dress up."

Maddy hung up the office phone, smiling. Once again she'd denied Adam access to her private number. Now that the project work was done, he was fast running out of reasons to call the front desk to be put through to her office. Maddy suspected he would soon stop doing so, before Theresa began to shake her head. Adam would not countenance that. Theresa would miss the attention, though, that twenty second glow.

Maddy sat at her desk a moment longer, quietly thinking, before realising she was tapping two fingernails on the rim of her coffee cup, empty in the morning. Damn the man. Damn Theresa, she thought. I want those twenty seconds for myself. Astonished at her out-of-character reaction, she pulled up the meeting room booking page and blocked out MS3 for an hour, just after lunch. She had to pick up some dry-cleaning, or she'd have booked an earlier slot. She needed to get herself back in control with some Maddy time.

On the way out, an hour later, she smiled at Theresa at the front desk. "Just going out to pick up some dry-cleaning. Won't be long."

"Oh, you should have said. I'd have picked it up for you on my break." Theresa smiled back at her. "I wouldn't mind."

Madelyn looked at the girl for a long moment, before turning towards the lifts to press the button there. She faced the doors and smoothed down the tight cloth of her skirt, so that Theresa could see there was no panty line. Maybe Adam and I are the same, after all, she thought, and stepped into the lift, pressing the button for the ground floor. As she turned to face the reception desk, Maddy saw Theresa's head was tilted down, deliberately not looking back. The girl's fingers were touching her throat, surprised at the quick heat, perhaps.

Maddy smiled. Maybe Theresa would like to take notes in the meeting space some time. Junior staff needed mentors, the corporate policies said so - Maddy would know, she'd written that one. It was nearly time for the bi-annual policy review, perhaps she did need a Strategic Projects Consultant after all. She laughed at the silly thought. She didn't need an excuse to see Adam; he was reason enough, by himself.

* * * *

"Adam, thanks for coming. Short notice, I know, but opportunity knocking and all that. Please, come in."

Madelyn welcomed Adam into the room, through a door opening off the same arcade corridor as Bonnard's shop. She watched him quickly scan the place, which was nondescript. The only clues to its purpose were a single hook firmly anchored to the exact centre of the ceiling, a chair of simple design, its legs incongruously painted red, placed beneath the hook, and a thin Japanese style mattress on the floor, neatly fitted into a corner. A series of enclosures and shelves were fitted to the wall above the mattress, making a matrix of geometrically designed spaces, too big for books. Adam ran his finger along a smooth edge on one of the timber enclosures, then raised a quizzical brow towards Maddy.

"Patience, darling. It's your turn to watch." She met his gaze. "Through here," she said, and ushered Adam through to a small room with two arm-chairs side by side, facing a wide window which looked into the space they'd first entered. "It's mirrored glass; we can see them, they see themselves."

"They, Madelyn?"

"You'll see," Maddy replied. "It's all about you seeing, watching, this time. I've had my turn, in the garden. A drink, can I get you a drink? Wine, spirits?"

"A red, thanks. Burgundy, if you have it."

"Of course I do. I won't be long." Maddy left the room, leaving Adam to make himself comfortable in one of the chairs.

She was deliberately gone a few extra minutes, making him wait, thinking he would start wondering what was about to happen. But when she returned, a single glass of wine in her hand like blood, she found him sitting with an enigmatic stillness, a quiet contemplation on his face, as if the only company he needed was his own.

She looked down at Adam, silently studying him, waiting for him to acknowledge her return to the room, waiting for his attention. He slowly stirred, as if he'd been far, far away and had only just arrived back. "Madelyn," he said, softly.

"Yes, Adam?" She whispered too.

"Nothing. I just like the sound of your name. Madelyn. Do you have a second name?"

"Jane. Madelyn Jane." Maddy gave him the glass. She rarely gave anybody her middle name, and not many asked.

"Jane. That's my sister's name." He smiled up at her. "I don't see her often. I never really did. She's five years older than me, and left home when I was twelve. She was seventeen."

Maddy wasn't quite sure why he did the maths on their relative ages, it being a simple sum, but sensed a lingering something in his words. "Best you call me Madelyn, then. I'm not your sister." She sat on the arm of the chair, and realised she wanted to be near him. "Or Maddy. I like it when you call me both names."

"Miss Maddy, Mistress Madelyn, is that it?"

"Do you want that?" Her heart, surprisingly, thumped, not knowing the answer and almost fearing the question, even from her own lips.

Adam took her hand in his and circled her wrist with his fingers, where she still wore his watch, taken from him at the garden. "I don't know, Madelyn, I really don't know." He tapped the watch face with his finger. "But I seem to be giving you parts of myself, bit by bit, don't I?" He looked up into her eyes, and she saw the stillness there, once again. "And I don't seem to be wanting them back. Why is that, do you think?"

Madelyn looked at him for a moment, then gently put a hand to his cheek, surprised at her own tenderness. She felt a slight added weight on her palm as he lay his head lightly on it, as if it were a small pillow. "I think," she said, slowly, "that you want Maddy the girl in the street, as well as Madelyn who drives a fast car."

"Which one are you?"

"Both. Bloody infuriating, isn't it?" Maddy smiled, placing both hands on his cheeks and turning his head to face her. "Can we just keep going, and one day I'll decide who I am?"

"That won't work. I'll want the other version, once you decide who you are. The perfect, unobtainable you." Adam touched her cheek, to see if it was warm, perhaps, or porcelain cold.

She laughed. "Mister Cain, must you be so difficult?"

"Maddy, you wouldn't enjoy me half so much if I gave up without a fight."

"God, you're delicious. Fight me, and find out, why don't you?" Maddy's eyes sparkled with joy.

"I just might, Madelyn, I just might." Adam taunted her. "But not tonight."

"Are you denying me, Mister Cain?"

"Do you know, Madelyn, I just might be." Adam teased her some more.

"Ooo, I love it when you play hard to get," she replied, kissing him lightly on the lips and stroking her fingers lightly on the back of his neck. "Not tonight. You sound like me, Mister Cain."

"Only the best, Madelyn, only the best."

"Good boy. Delight is like a fine wine, I find. The longer you keep it corked, the better it tastes."

"Can I read your label in the meantime?" he asked, taking a taste from his glass. "You know I like a bold red."

"I thought you liked a delicate, fruity white, with a hint of peach and a taste of honey."

"Ah yes, Juliette, she really was delightful, wasn't she? I'm assuming she's your plaything tonight, if I'm the silent observer? Will she know I'm here?"

"It won't matter if she does," said Maddy, getting up from the chair.

"Bound and gagged, is that it?"

"Something like that. Go in when you're ready, if you want to. I'll leave it entirely up to you."

"Another one of your tests, Maddy?

"If you like," she replied. "Don't fail. Give something else up."

Her eyes suddenly went dark, and a shot of ice hit behind her nipples, shocking them hard in a second.

* * * *

Juliette came into the display space wearing a floor length gown which completely concealed her body, her head obscured by a hood. She had arrived earlier and been met by Roshi-san, an artist Madelyn knew through Bonnard. Like Bonnard, Roshi prepared as any artist does, with care and tenderness, and intense concentration.

Madelyn, who didn't know those moods, or if she did they weren't upon her, left them alone in a small room. She sat now beside Adam in the second chair, remaining silent, wanting to observe his reaction to the ritual about to unfold.

Earlier, she'd asked Juliette, "Are you ready, are you prepared? Are you sure?"

"I'm sure, Madelyn. I am this moment, it's mine."

Madelyn admired the girl, and envied her the journey she would take and the place she would find on her arrival. But Adam was here, so Madelyn hoped for something different, a new, quiet force in the room.

The viewing window was sound-proofed, and the only sounds Madelyn heard were her heart inside her ears and the slow breath of Adam beside her. She watched a blue pulse on his wrist where his watch had been strapped before she took it. It was a slower beat than hers and grounded her, like her two fingers usually did. She smiled at the thought - his silence calms me more than sex, how can that be? She studied his fingers, and imagined them parting her lips, slowly entering her sex, gently fucking her, and all the while his other hand held the glass of wine. She looked up to his face, but he was looking out at the scene before them.

Every now and then he took a small taste from the wine-glass, and she imagined kneeling before him, her breasts dropping with their own small weight, pushing herself back onto his fingers, two fingers to open her up, three fingers in a longer fuck, his thumb and little finger like a wedge, hard against the bones of her cunt. Maddy crossed her legs and angled her body towards Adam in the chair, a long leg stretching towards him, her foot not quite touching his leg.

Adam looked back at her, and his eyes were dark like clouds gathering before a storm. He gazed at her for a long while, silently, then turned his eyes back towards the other room, watching Juliette instead of her.

Maddy quivered, her body twitching once with her silent arousal. She clenched muscles deep in her core, tightening her ass, and shuddered again. She tightened once more, and her breasts ached and her nipples were hard spikes piercing behind her chest. Maddy wanted the fill of a fuck, but she'd wait... the longer you keep it corked, the better it tastes. She felt a ripple of pleasure course through her body, heightened by her denial of self and her waiting.

She saw Adam's slow arousal from watching the next room, a shift of his thighs and his blue pulse beating slightly faster. Enjoying the sensations in her own body, she turned her attention away from Adam for the time being, and saw Juliette through the window.

The girl was naked now, kneeling on the thin mattress. Roshi was beside her, dressed in a simple black tunic, a long length of rope in his hand. Juliette was facing away from the viewing window, so Maddy could see the cello curve of her back and buttocks, her flesh lightly dimpled under her skin.

Roshi had already tied Juliette's hands behind her back with an elegant knot, and was looping the rope around the girl's torso. He'd completed a four strand bind around her upper back and breasts, and was slowly circling another band at her waist. His hands were slow caution on the girl's skin, making sure the ropes were properly layered and looped.

Roshi helped Juliette stand, her legs slightly apart, and he passed the ropes between her legs and around one thigh.

"It's beautiful work, but she's not restrained," said Adam. "She could wear the ropes under a pretty dress, and no-one would know. She can ease her hands free. She can walk."

"She would know," said Madelyn, turning to Adam. "What would you do?" she asked, watching Adam's face for the things he wouldn't say.

"Bind her helpless, if that's what she wants," Adam replied. "Give her release, if she wants it. Frustrate her, if she wants that. Torment her, even."

"Would you fuck her?"

"If she wanted fucking."

"And if she didn't?" Maddy prompted.

Adam turned to Madelyn and studied her face. She held his gaze.

"Well? Would you fuck her if she didn't want you to?" She insisted on an answer.

"No, Madelyn, I wouldn't fuck her. I don't take what's not given."

"Even if she's made available?" Maddy wanted to know where Adam really stood on this.

"Available doesn't mean given, Maddy. She's not yours to give."

Maddy considered this, and knew Adam was right. She remembered Juliette's words, "But you're not paying. I'm volunteering."

She continued looking at Adam, and understood him better. "Prove it to me. Go ask Roshi to display her, so you could fuck her if she wanted you to." She looked at Adam, her eyes dark. "Or take her, if she doesn't."

"For fuck's sake, Maddy. No always means no."

"Prove it." Maddy was relentless. "She's desirable, isn't she?"

"She is, yes. Okay, I'll prove it." Adam got to his feet, but before he left the room he leaned down and took Maddy's face in his hands. He kissed her, hard, on the lips. "But I won't take her, not even for you. No matter how much you want me to."

Madelyn felt a slow chill creep over her, and a strange, dark delight. She might have to give herself to this man, after all, if he wouldn't take her. She knew they weren't talking about Juliette.

After Adam left the viewing chamber, Maddy undid the buttons of her blouse and looked down at her small breasts. She took her left nipple between the fingers and thumb of her right hand and pinched it hard, enjoying the short jab of pain. She then caressed both breasts in the palm of her hands, loving the tight weight of them as she pressed her breasts against her chest. She closed her eyes, and her breasts felt bigger, her whole sensation focussed there like a stranger's eyes.

She stirred, and glanced into the room, seeing Adam approach Roshi with a respectful bow. They exchanged words, and Roshi nodded. She watched Adam approach Juliette, saw her look up at him, and saw her smile as she said yes.

Maddy smiled to herself, and she stood to undo the waist of her skirt, which fell away from her long legs into a circle of cloth on the floor. She shrugged the blouse off, too. She stood naked, other than a pair of black stockings high on her thighs. Maddy ran her hands down the hard flatness of her belly, dipping two fingers over her clitoris and easing her lips apart. She was wet already, and breathed her own scent in.

Maddy sat back down in the chair and took the glass of wine in her hand. She turned her eyes to the room.

Adam stood back, giving Roshi space and time to contemplate how to tie Juliette so that she was truly restrained, and at the same time, exposed. Maddy watched, and the silence of her small room lent a disembodied air over the proceedings, as if the three players were actors on some silent movie screen, their movements played out in dumb-show.

Juliette lay on her back, her thighs splayed, exposing her sex wide open, the deep redness of her inner lips clearly showing; a pomegranate, not a peach. Roshi bent her left calf against her thigh, and coiled rope around the bent limb, immobilising the leg. He repeated the coil and tie on Juliette's right leg, and the girl was tied and spread, unable to move.

Maddy leaned forward to better see the girl's exposed cunt, dipping deep into her own sex for pleasure. She heard soft, whimpering moans and realised they were her own.

Roshi stepped away from Juliette, and moved to the chair in the middle of the room, his artistry complete. As the rigger, his careful watching eyes remained on the girl. He acknowledged Adam's presence, but wouldn't look away.

Adam looked towards Maddy in her silent room, then went to Juliette and kneeled by her head, bending low, his mouth near Juliette's ear. Maddy assumed he was negotiating boundaries with the girl, and wondered whether she would have done the same, or just taken her. She really didn't know.

Adam though, he caressed Juliette's cheek with his fingers, and Maddy saw the way the girl leaned her head towards his hand, resting her cheek on it. Maddy saw it was the same subtle movement that Adam had made earlier, when he too had rested his head on her hand. She wondered if it was a conscious or an unconscious thing, as it was barely perceivable. Madelyn recognised trust when she saw it, and thought it precious.

She watched them kiss, and saw how Juliette, even though she was tied and bound, yearned upwards for Adam's lips, hungry for the man, hungry for his mouth, to be eaten. There was nothing hidden there, no question; the girl wanted Adam. Madelyn ached as she saw how tenderly Adam held Juliette's head in both his hands, cradling her head as he kissed her.

Sweet god, will he be as gentle with me, when finally he kisses me like that? Madelyn thrust her fingers inside herself, finding her own arousal, finding a place where she could close her eyes and not see the other pair as they made love.

Maddy opened her eyes, immediately chasing that thought - she wanted to see Adam and Juliette make love, because she recognised love when she saw it; even if for only five minutes. Maddy liked the girl and wished it a longer time, as a gift; but she knew that really, she wanted love for herself. For the first time in a very long time, Maddy was no longer in control of her emotions, and was no longer sure what to do. She had deliberately invited Adam into her life; maybe this was why. She wanted what he brought to her, and what he took away.

Adam placed Juliette's head carefully onto the mattress and moved down between her legs. His fingers, which had been gentle on her cheek, were now just as gentle on the insides of her thighs. Maddy remembered how soft the skin was on Juliette's inner thighs, and seeing the deep pulse near her groin where the skin was so very delicate and pale, quickly beating. She imagined it flickering now, like a little bird's quick heart, beating fast.

Juliette, bound, could only shake her head as if saying no, but Maddy could see she was talking, crying out with pleasure, arching her neck in rigid ecstasy; and Maddy knew Juliette was crying out yes, yes, yes, sweet fuck, yes; and it was her own voice Maddy heard, as she peaked herself up and came, nearly sobbing; watching, watching, watching the girl as Adam fucked into her with his fingers, watching how Juliette arched herself up to his thrust as if the ropes could barely hold her body from him. Maddy watched Juliette come on Adam's fingers, his fuck given swiftly, pleasuring the quivering girl.

Then, oh god, Maddy cried out, as Adam did it again and took the girl once more. This time, Juliette shook her head from side to side, but Adam stilled the movement with his mouth on hers as he fucked her with his fingers, and his fingers were enough. Juliette came again, and her body slumped onto the mattress. Adam placed her there like a baby into a cradle.

Madelyn wrapped her arms around herself for warmth and comfort, her feet up on the chair, her knees held tight to her chest. She watched Adam care for the girl, and waited for him to come back to her.

She saw Adam say something to Roshi, and saw the rope-master speak in reply, then get up and leave the room. Madelyn watched as Adam carefully released the knots and untwisted the rope from Juliette's body, and she watched the girl stretch and turn, still limp and loose on the mattress. Adam got up, and came back with water in a bottle, and Juliette's long gown.
