 "How was Juliette on the weekend? She told me she saw you." Madelyn took a long slurp from the straw of her chocolate milkshake, swirling the last of it around the bottom of the glass.

"Such class, Madelyn. Can take you to all the best places," remarked Adam, leaning over to wipe a chocolatey dribble from her chin. "Did she tell you she stayed the night? My invitation, of course. Well, sort of. She invited herself for the evening, I said she could stay for the morning."

"Stay the night? She did tell me that. Was she delectable?" Maddy asked.

"You know she is. Peaches and honey in the evening, pancakes in the morning. She liked my cooking."

Maddy laughed. "She liked more than that, lucky girl. When do I get to enjoy your cooking, Mister Cain?" She looked at Adam with her clear, steady gaze.

"When you're hungry, I guess. Whenever that might be." Adam looked right back at her, with a lazy smile. "You'll have to call me. I don't have your number, remember?"

"You're right, you don't. How remiss of me." Maddy ran one red fingernail down the back of Adam's hand and along the length of his middle finger, and thought of his cock in her mouth the night of Juliette's ropes. She wondered what he would feel like inside her, but like a fine wine in a cellar, she could wait.

To give herself a tiny pleasure, a frisson of anticipation, Madelyn ran her finger up the centre of her blouse, bumping over the buttons, while Adam followed the movement with his eyes. She ran her fingers up to the side of her neck, then slid them down inside the blouse and caressed a bare nipple until it tightened. Satisfied with the nerve connecting to her clitoris with a throb, she withdrew her fingers from the shadows of the cloth and touched them to Adam's lips for a kiss.

"Come on," she said, "let's go and see the big cats."

She stood up from the cafeteria table and looped her arm in Adam's. Together they walked down the path to where the lions roamed loose in their enclosure. It was a perfect day to visit the zoo, and the magnificent animals walked with a languid beauty.

* * * *

Later that evening, after a long and leisurely meal, Maddy and Adam ended up in an intimate basement club with a smooth jazz quintet and a singer with smoke in her voice.

Maddy watched Adam watching the band, and found another place he lost himself in. "Yeah, that's fine, that's good," he murmured, as the drummer cracked a rim-shot and could have cracked a whip, the snap was so crisp and tight.

She lay her arm along the back of the lounge they were sitting on and slowly caressed Adam's neck, just to touch him. Pulled away from the band for a moment, he looked at her, gave her a gentle smile, and touched two fingers to her lips for a kiss.

"You're doing it, Mister Cain," she said, after his fingers left her lips.

"Doing what, Madelyn?"

"Making me want you."

"What would you say if I said you can't have me?" Adam asked.

"I'd say you were a liar, Mister Cain," she replied. "I'm Madelyn, who drives a fast car, remember."

"Where's Maddy, who flirts with men at crossings?"

"Do you know, Mister Cain, I'm not sure." She removed her fingers from his neck and placed her hands in her lap. They weren't trembling, but she wasn't her usual self.

Adam moved closer to her and placed his own fingers on her throat, and caressed it as slowly as she had caressed his. "What are you frightened of, Madelyn?"

"Of giving in. You were meant to want me, endlessly." She looked at him and her eyes softened. "Not the other way round."

"Ohh, Maddy, silly girl. You're not giving up, surely not?"

"You don't do 'silly,' remember. Juliette told me," she replied.

"Just checking, Madelyn." He stroked her cheek, and if she was a cat she'd have purred. "Since you've given in, your place, or mine?"

"That's very forward, Mister Cain." Her eyes brightened as their game began.

"Someone has to be. It's nearly midnight, and there's no pumpkin for a coach."

"No glass slipper either, and I don't think I can run." Madelyn got to her feet, her legs long in a tight pair of designer jeans that left no illusions. She had no illusions either. She'd given in to her base desires and could no longer wait for this man. But she had him where she wanted, coming willingly. She smiled. Just like Juliette, she thought, he's got a mind of his own. She liked that in the girl, and she liked that in the man. It meant she didn't have to do all the thinking.

As she walked in front of the band, Maddy swayed in time to the beat, slow and wicked. "Dance with me, Adam," she said, on a whim, turning to the tiny dance floor.

The drummer noticed and greeted them with a cymbal splash, subtly picking up the beat. The band fell into the pocket and they danced for a while. A small patter of applause saw them off the floor. "Damn, they're good," Adam murmured in her ear. "So are you."

"Perfection, Mister Cain, don't you think?" She leaned against him, her tall, elegant body melding beautifully with his. The drummer momentarily missed a beat, but caught it, just in time.

"Worth the wait, Madelyn, worth the wait."

"Like that fine wine, you naughty boy?"

"I hope so," he replied.

"Is this foreplay, Mister Cain?"

"Probably."

She laughed. She'd been wet for hours, and was way, way past four.

* * * *

Madelyn drove her car down the long avenue of jacaranda trees shining silvery blue under the high, bright moon. She pulled into the drive of a house hidden from the street by high hedges and a security gate, which slowly opened on command from the remote in the centre console. She eased through the gate and parked the car at the end of a long drive, its wheels crunching on gravel.

Adam stepped from his side of the car, and quickly went around to the driver's side, opening the door for Maddy. She slid her long legs from the car and took his hand. "Welcome to my lair, Mister Cain."

"Will I get out alive?" He looked around, but the grounds were dark and shadowed.

"My gardener does say the graves make mowing difficult," she replied, with a smile.

"You should dig the holes deeper then, Maddy. Or burn the corpses first."

"You make me sound like a monster, Mister Cain." Maddy put the key in the front door, and pushed it open. It was completely silent on its well-oiled hinges. "I'm an angel, really, I assure you."

Adam touched her high on her shoulders as if to find wings, and ushered Maddy into her house.

"Monsieur," she said, "you may hang your hat and cloak on these hooks," pointing to a row of hooks at eye height. A single parasol hung there, waiting for a high sun and a long promenade.

"Madame," he replied, "I don't have a hat and a cloak."

"I know, but if you did, this is where they'd go."

"Madelyn, this house really is very beautiful. Show it to me." He looked at her directly. "Show me where you live."

"Take your shoes off here. Bare feet on timber floors and carpets, feels lovely. Keeps me grounded." She bent from the waist to slip her heels off, and her jeans stretched taut over her ass, for his eyes.

"It's those angel's wings, Maddy. You shouldn't flutter so much." Adam leaned against a wall for balance, and crooked a leg to get at his laces, pulling them loose and slipping the shoe off his foot. He repeated the action, and put his shoes and socks under a small rack by the door. He looked up to see her smiling down at him.

"Kiss me here, by the door. A kiss for each room, don't you think?" Maddy stepped forward and undid two buttons on his shirt, and placed her hand behind his neck. She waited. Adam did the same, flicking two buttons from under her throat. The dance that started in the club continued.

"Is it a big house, Madelyn?" he asked.

"Come with me and find out." She pulled him to her.

Their first kiss in the hall was slow, exploratory. Neither of them rushed, they didn't need to. Maddy knew Adam's patience by now, knew it well, and the slow seduction calmed her, but at the same time, inflamed her. Time slowed, and they went into a dream.

Their second kiss, in the front lounge, was longer. The room had a fireplace opposite the door. "This is one of my favourite places on cold winter nights, a proper log fire, toasted crumpets and marshmallows on a stick." A deep bay window looked out over a statue of Diana in the middle of the front lawn. Total privacy was assured by the high hedges. Madelyn pulled the drapes wide open and let the moonlight pour in. "It's lovely when it rains."

Adam undid more buttons on Maddy's blouse and pulled the cloth up from the waist of her jeans. His fingers slid inside the garment and circled shivers up and down her spine. She did the same with his shirt, pressing her bare breasts to his naked chest. They slid onto a couch inside the bay window. Adam removed her top and suckled his lips to a hard nipple. Maddy held his head there and wondered if he could feel her heart beat. She could feel it, and didn't want it to slow, not yet.

"I can imagine it, the rain falling on the ground," he replied. She'd forgotten about the rain, in that short moment.

She lay there, his mouth on her tit, and felt curiously, astonishingly, maternal. Is this what it's like to suckle a child? she thought, but it wasn't, as Adam transferred his attention to her other breast and tugged its nipple thick and tight and nearly painful between his lips. This is a man at my breast, not a boy. He moved his mouth away, lower down her belly to the delicate whorl of her navel, which he fucked with his tongue, like a tiny little cunt. But she remained fascinated by her breasts, as if she'd never seen them before.

They had become almost entirely nipple from his strong suck. Usually, her nipples were a delicate shade of pink, floating on her small, pale breasts like cherry blossoms on snow, but his suck had engorged them till they were long and hard, and the hot blood made them redder, thick and dark. Maddy looked down at her breasts, her thick nipples, and pressed her palms against them. She squeezed and rotated her hands, and a wave of hot pleasure spread through her chest, jabbing down to her clitoris. She juddered on the edge of orgasm, imagining her clit engorged and thick, the same rich red.

Maddy moaned, wrapping her long legs around his body, trapping him against her. "You're not going anywhere, Adam."

"I'm not escaping you, Maddy, I'm trying to get inside." He eased back up her torso, and once again found her mouth with his.

Maddy found his hands and pulled them up above her head, stretching herself out, giving herself up to his weight. "Take your time, "she said. "This slow attention is delirious. I want you to feast on me all night."

"Loving you slowly, isn't that a line from a song?" Adam asked.

"Killing me softly."

"Same thing." Adam kissed her again.

"Jesus, where did I find you?" she sighed, "loving me, killing me, same thing... sweet god, kill me some more..."

"In the street. You found me in the street. You said, 'don't push the button,' but it was too late." Adam touched her cheek. "I'd pressed it. That's where I was, and you found me." He winked at her. "The tight skirt helped, and the red shoes."

She waited, knowing he'd say something more.

"Your fingers in your cunt, they helped, too." He grinned, and was so lazy with it.

Her eyes sparkled with joy. "Ahh, I wondered if you'd noticed. You went very quiet."

"You were rather splendid, Madelyn. I think we talked about perfection."

"We did. Have we found it, do you think?"

"Not yet. Take me to another room, we might find it there."

"Why, do you want to be perfectly wicked, Adam?"

"Not yet."

"Promises, my delightful man?" Maddy got up from the couch, her naked torso glowing under the moonlight and her darkened nipples still jutting hard and long. "Come on then, let's see what else we've got." She took Adam by the hand, and went back to the central hall. "There's the dining room," she said, "but we've eaten, so that's a waste, don't you think?

"And the kitchen, there's the island bench and the cook-top, it's the latest thing." Maddy presented it all as if she was a magnificently decadent real-estate agent, perfectly accustomed to meeting potential buyers in the nude, the sweeping movements of her slender arms drawing Adam's eyes constantly to her body, nowhere else.

"And look, here's a little sewing room, where ladies can retire." Maddy flicked a light switch on and dimmed the lights right down. It might have been a sewing room once, but now it was a comfortable den. A day bed was placed in a corner, under a window curtained against the night. Several books were haphazardly placed on side tables, and a cat lay curled on a chair. It was a lived-in kind of a room, where Maddy found a quiet place. What better place, she thought, for a quiet man with darkness in his eyes to find me.

"Undo me, Adam. In your slow, special way, just undo me.

"Don't tease me, not any more." Her mood shifted, and she was tired of herself, tired of waiting. "Just fuck me. You can love me in the morning. Fuck me slow and fuck me deep, just don't let it stop." She looked at him with smouldering eyes. "Can you do that, Adam?"

Because Madelyn was who she was, even when giving herself up, she challenged this man to take her. She'd see if he could, by morning.

Adam started with himself, letting Madelyn see what she did to him. He led her to the bed, and she lay upon it, propped on the pillows, watching him. He took three steps back, and undid the belt and fly of his pants. In one fluid, efficient motion he bent and slid the pants down his legs, pulling them off his feet. He stood, and his long cock reached high to the base of his navel, already rigid for her. She liked his showmanship, it seemed natural for a man with a fine cock not to hide it.

She licked her lips, remembering the taste of his flesh, his cum in her mouth when she took him. Maddy kept her eyes on his shaft as Adam moved towards her, wanting this cock to impale her. Still showing himself off, he bent over to undo the belt and buttons of her jeans, his erection proud before her eyes. She could touch him if she wanted to, but like Adam when he first saw her cunt, she just looked.

She inhaled, and could smell his hot maleness. She licked her lips again, to hold that scent on her tongue. He was so close to her.

"Say my name, so I can hear it," Maddy whispered.

"Madelyn Jane, who wants to be fucked."

She shook her head, no. Yes.

"Maddy, then, to love me in the morning?"

Yes. No.

"How do you know, who is who?" She looked up at him, "Which is which?"

"I don't. Neither do you. Does it matter?" Adam pulled her tight jeans down those long legs to reveal pale thighs and her alabaster belly, her sex hidden from his eyes by a tiny patch of cloth. A little blaze of russet red hair was neat above the cloth, at the base of her belly.

"Spread your legs, Madelyn. Show me." Maddy slid her legs wide apart, obedient to him, giving in. She wanted to be fucked, and wanted it his way, to be in his hands. She could fight him later, when she needed herself back and could taunt him.

"Touch yourself, Madelyn." She did as she was told.

"Take it off, smell yourself." She peeled the g-string down her legs, bending up her knees to do so. She held the cloth, saturated with her honey juices, to her nose, breathing herself in. "Rub it over your face, your breasts. Scent yourself, Madelyn, like a cat."

She did as she was commanded, inhaling her scent deeply, marking her face and breasts with her wetness from the tiny piece of cloth.

"Taste me too, Adam, lick my skin. I want -"

"Sshhh, Madelyn. It's what I want, not you." Adam looked down at her, and Madelyn closed her eyes to stop his gaze. She didn't see his gentle smile but she heard it in his voice. "I'll take care of you, Maddy."

In one final act of desire before she was taken, Madelyn rolled over and knelt before Adam, her beautiful cunt slit and the dark pink star of her other hole presented high for his eyes, his cock, his tongue, his finger and his fuck. She rested her weight on her elbows, her hands pushing back against the wall, ready for him to enter her, hard. She sighed, a long wrenching sigh which emptied her lungs completely. He'd make her breathe deeply and fill her, she had no doubt about that, no doubt at all.

"Fuck, that's perfection," murmured Adam.

Madelyn smiled into her pillows, revelling in the awe she inspired. She'd be fucked now by a man who had been waiting a long time, tormented by her magnificent body and her fascinating mind. She thought she and Adam would be a rather good match; they were so very much like each other. Two peas in a pod, she thought, a man with a mirror. She thought he might take vengeance, being made to wait so long, and Madelyn thought she might like that too, very much.

"Fucked like an animal, then, is that how you want it?"

"Ohh yes," she crooned, "like a beast in rut."

Adam climbed on the bed behind her and spread her wider, his knees against the inside of hers. He ran his fingers slowly up the insides of her thighs, making her tremble as he found those sensitive places. But he avoided the hollows of flesh near her sex, and ran his hands over the taut, quivering muscles of her ass. He pulled her cheeks even wider apart, and brought his head down closer to blow hot breath over the pucker of her asshole. Maddy jolted at the hot sensation, and she gripped the pillows tightly.

"Yesss," she hissed, "more. Yes, more..."

Adam denied her by taking his breath away, but he continued the slow caress of her ass, her haunches, the long ribbed sides of her torso. He leaned his chest against her back, and the fierce heat of his cock pressed up against her sex, sliding deliriously over her lips. He pushed his shaft against her, then pulled away, slick and wet. He leaned forward again, to take the tight drop of her tits in his hands, squeezing hard, gripping the hard flesh up against her chest.

"Ooo, yeeess, hold me, hold me, oh fuck, just hold me."

He held Madelyn tight in his arms, squeezing her breasts again, pulling her body up against his. And then let her go, his tight wrap gone, leaving her body to shake and shudder alone. He did it all over again, only this time, instead of his breath against her anus, he covered that place completely with his hot mouth, sucking her up, opening his mouth wide to take her flesh in. Maddy pushed herself up and onto his mouth, wanting more.

"Mmmm, fuu uck. Eat me, get inside me. Ooo, ye... ess." She shuddered, and thrust herself back, forcing her ass onto Adam's mouth. But he was gone.

Then he came back, and this time ate her cunt. And again, gone. Then back, biting the flesh of her ass cheeks. Gone, and for three minutes Adam made her wait, before he touched her again. Then gone.

Madelyn moaned and shuddered, cried out, wanting more, wanting him, but still Adam teased and taunted her, his hands and mouth on her; his hands and mouth, gone. His hot, hard shaft burning against her back. Then gone. Her scent rose in the room, mingling with Adam's musk, then the smell of his cock, gone away. He started to taunt her, using her name, talking to her, and all the time it was his hands and his mouth, and the heat of his cock, but never its length inside her.

She didn't know how Adam did it, how he could deny himself her cunt. Madelyn knew she was swollen, fecund and hot. She could feel her own heat radiate, she smelt her hot scent, her own thick odour, her raw animal smell. She could smell her own wet juice, and the room filled with their hot sweat, his dark pheromonal smell, her metallic blood odour, her heat. She ached for his fill, his thickness, his length, wanting to be all fucked up inside, to her depths, fucked full. But he denied her. He wouldn't do it, he held his cock back, his juice, his cum, he wouldn't fuck her.
