 As their limo drove through the gates of the Breakwater Hotel in Ft. Lauderdale Florida, Heather was wide-eyed in amazement. Her husband, Charles, had achieved President's Club for his company, an honor that was reserved for only the top-tier salespeople. Charles was the first newcomer to the club in several years, therefore, as a reward, the couple was included in a weeklong, all-expenses-paid getaway to the resort.

A long driveway delivered them to the front of the hotel, which was located right on the beach. While the hotel bellmen rushed to take care of their luggage, Heather walked ahead to get a look inside. As she entered the magnificent lobby, Heather's attention was drawn to a wall of windows offering a spectacular view of the crashing surf. The Breakwater was, by far, the most opulent property they had ever visited. 

"This place is amazing," Heather gushed to her husband as he joined her at the windows. "I am so proud of you for qualifying for this and happy that we both get to experience it."

"You inspire me to greatness, my love," Charles replied with a grin. "I tell people that you married well beneath yourself and I have worked very hard to make it up to you."

"Oh stop," Heather protested. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me and I have loved every minute of our marriage."

After checking in, they were escorted to their suite on the 10th floor, overlooking the beach.

"Well, this doesn't suck," Heather noted. "I think we can make do with this very nicely, my love."

"The cocktail party reception is in a couple of hours down at the beach bar," Charles reminded Heather. "Do you want to start getting ready now?"

"Yes, but first I want to properly reward my President's Club husband for a terrific year," Heather insisted.

With that, the 28 year old slipped off her short sun dress and pulled her panties off her hips and down her legs. She had a "banging" body at 5'5" tall, 110lbs with 34D breasts, washboard abs, and a pert little ass - Heather was built to fuck and she absolutely loved to do so. The one disconnect in their relationship was that Charles was nowhere near as sexual as she and, although a caring and attentive lover, he knew he did not completely meet her needs in that area.

Because of this, he did not have a problem with Heather going out with her girlfriends to burn off some of her energy from time to time. Not a jealous person, he took the position that what he did not know did not hurt him as long as she always came home to him safe and sound.

Heather, however, had never acted upon the subtle "hall pass" Charles had given her. She would flirt and dance with other guys when she was out and most of them tried to take things even further, but she never allowed herself to go that far. She wished Charles was more adventurous, but he was a good husband in all other areas and she reasoned that most wives would be perfectly satisfied with his level of sexuality.

Charles dropped to his knees as Heather lay back on the king sized bed and he began to lap at her neatly trimmed vagina. Sucking her clit into his mouth, he felt her jerk her body in response. He pulled on the swollen knob with his lips and tongue, moving it in and out and causing Heather to pump her hips up and down in response. Charles slipped two fingers inside her and began to massage her G-spot, which added to her pleasure. This caused an immediate release of fluids from Heather's very stimulated womanhood, which Charles quickly lapped up and swallowed.

Charles loved to eat pussy and, while Heather enjoyed the attention, it was not her favorite thing. She primarily got off on sucking dick and being fucked, but Charles was unable to hold out very long when she did this to him, so his oral attention to her was a way to prolong their lovemaking.

After a few more minutes of her husband licking and slurping her pussy, Heather tugged on his head to move him up on top of her. She reached down between his legs and grasped his 6" cock to guide it inside her well-lubricated pussy. Feeling it slip between her lips of her vulva and inside her hot canal, Heather began to once again pump her hips up against her husband, enjoying the feeling of his hard cock inside of her.

Thrusting rapidly, Charles felt his orgasm welling up inside of him and did everything he could to hold back so that his wife could reach orgasm first. As she moved closer to her own release, Heather's pussy grew hotter and tighter, which exacerbated her husband's problem and created a race of sorts to see if she could finish before he did. Moments later, unable to hold back any longer, Charles felt his penis begin to pulse as he ejaculated into his wife's overheated pussy. 

Heather desperately humped herself up and down on Charles' rapidly deflating penis, frantically trying to reach her own orgasm before his erection went away entirely. Unfortunately, she felt his member slide out of her, ending any possibility of her finishing what they had started.

"Crap! I'm sorry, babe," Charles lamented. "It is so hard for me to hold back when you squeeze my cock with your pussy like that."

"It's OK, honey. I know you tried to hold off for me," Heather reassured him. "We need to get moving anyway. I'll get myself off while I'm in the shower."

"Alright, sweetheart. I'll make it up to you," Charles promised.

Stepping into the shower, Heather began to soap her body under the strong spray of water from the shower head. Running her hands over her breasts and very stiff nipples, she quickly returned to her previous state of arousal. With her right hand, she began to alternate between rubbing her clit and slipping two fingers inside her still very hot pussy. As she worked herself over, Heather imagined that there were men's hands touching her body, which heightened her excitement.

After just a couple of minutes of this, Heather felt her orgasm begin to release inside her. She intensified the fingering of her pussy and let out a muffled scream, feeling her knees buckle slightly as she came. Slowing her pace, and enjoying the feel of the slick fluid coming out of her and mixing with the water cascading down her thighs, Heather felt a pang of guilt over her imagining other men touching her while she masturbated, "Nothing wrong with just thinking about it, I suppose," she reasoned.

An hour and a half later, the couple entered the private dining area that had been set aside for the company cocktail party and dinner. Heather had chosen to wear a pale pink sundress, cut short and full at the hem which stopped a full 6" above her knee. The sexy garment was backless and tied at her neck, finished by a neckline that plunged deeply between her breasts. The look was finished by a pair of 4" light pink sandal heels. Heather had chosen to let her auburn hair fall loosely between her bare shoulder blades.

"Oh my god," a man whom Heather had never met exclaimed as he approached the couple. "I heard you were pretty, but I had no idea you were this gorgeous. Charles, you are a very, very lucky man."

"Heather, this is Jake," Charles introduced the other sales executive to his wife.

"Nice to meet you, Jake," Heather responded.

Slipping an arm around her waist, Jake pulled Heather away from Charles toward the bar, "Let me introduce you to the other guys."

Jake escorted Heather, with Charles in tow, to the group standing at the far side of the room. Heather was introduced to the each of the six men and one woman, in turn. Four of the men were, like Jake and Charles, members of the President's Club. The other, older gentleman, was Lionel Marks, the VP of sales for their company, and the woman was his wife, Pam.

Heather and Charles were served their cocktails and the group fell into casual conversation, with Heather being at the center of attention. A few drinks and an hour later, they moved on to dinner where Heather was seated between Mr. and Mrs. Marks, much to the disappointment of the sales executives. Mrs. Marks took a particular interest in Heather, asking her several questions about her history as well as the background on her marriage to Charles.

"I am surprised that I am the only spouse in attendance, other than you," Heather noted.

"Oh, the senior guys never bring their significant others on these trips," Pam explained. "Those five guys have been members of the President's Club for several years and they work hard each year to get here. I think they do not want to be encumbered or limited by having anyone with them. Your husband is the first new member that we have had in quite some time. I think it is nice that he chose to bring you with him."

"Well, I don't want him to miss out just because I am here," Heather said. "He can hang with the guys as much as he chooses as far as I am concerned."

"That is very sweet of you, dear," Pam noted. "However, based upon their reaction to you, I don't think the guys will want to leave you out of their plans this week."

"Well, I don't have a shy or timid bone in my body," Heather offered. "I think I can hold my own with them."

"I'm sure you can, Heather, I am sure you can," Pam agreed.

As the dinner ended, the Marks said goodnight and headed for their room. The sales execs then jumped at the chance to invite Heather and Charles to join them for drinks at the hotel bar on the other side of the lobby. Once there, the group crowded around Heather, each of them vying for her attention. 

Jake was the first to ask her to dance and with a look to Charles, who nodded his approval, Heather joined Jake on the small dance floor. As they moved to the music, Jake took every opportunity to touch Heather. Her shoulder, her hip, or her lower back were all targets for his roaming hands.

The song ended and Heather rejoined the group at the bar, quickly downing the vodka rocks that had been refilled during her absence. After a short break, Sean, another member of the club, asked her to dance. After waiting for Charles' OK again, she stepped back onto the dance floor. Taking his cue from Jake, Sean took every opportunity to take minor liberties with Heather's hot body until the song ended.

As the evening wore on, each of the club members took a turn with Heather on the dance floor and each of them was as "touchy" as they could be with her, but Heather would not let them progress much past first base. She was thoroughly enjoying the attention and was teasing the men without mercy, but she was very much aware that they were her husband's co-workers and were also very senior to him within the company.

A dozen dances and four vodka rocks later, Charles was ready to call it a night, but Jake wanted to extend the evening a bit. "We have a tradition of doing shots on our first night to celebrate the past year," he lied and the others went along with him. "You two will join us, won't you?"

"Of course," Charles agreed. "Wouldn't want to interfere with tradition."

As the shots were distributed to everyone, Jake turned to Heather and told her, "you need to be careful, little lady. This is Goldschläger— it is 107 proof. We call it LPR."

"LPR?" Heather questioned as she and the others downed their respective shots of the sweet liquid with little flecks of 24 carat gold floating in it.

"Liquid panty remover," Jake revealed with a grin.

"Oh, you wish," Heather countered with a wicked smile as she felt the warmth of the powerful liqueur slide down her throat and into her stomach.

"Another round! Another round!" the group chanted as they slammed their empty shot glasses on the bar.

"My panties are still securely in place," Heather told the group. "So, sure, let's have another."

Their glasses quickly refilled, they all, once again, downed a shot. Heather found that this second round went down even more smoothly, but she also noticed that the alcohol was quickly going to her brain.

"Still doing OK?" Jake inquired.

Lifting the hem of her dress a couple of inches and looking down, Heather responded, "Yep. Everything is still in place."

"Damn. Tough chick," Jake commented. "OK, one more round and I will be really impressed if you are still standing after you drink it."

Her better judgement being affected by the shots, Heather quickly agreed to the challenge without checking with her husband first. Their glasses were quickly refilled by an attentive bartender who was also enjoying the show the hot wife was providing.

Heather downed the third pour of Goldschläger and enjoyed both the warmth and the elevation of her buzz that it provided. Looking around at the men surrounding her, she began to breathe heavily and clutch at her hips, "oh, no. I can feel my little panties beginning to slip off of me," she teased in a panicked voice. "This stuff really works!"

With that, Heather reached under her dress, lifting the hem enough to provide a tantalizing view of most of her slender, tanned legs. She then pulled her panties down and stepped out of them. The men were mesmerized as she twirled the delicate little pink garment around her finger. 

Jake reached out to grab the panties, however, Heather quickly pulled them away and walked over to her husband and deposited them in the breast pocket of his sports coat. The atmosphere around the bar was electric now, with the sales team pressing in even closer to Heather. She was hyper excited as well. She was enjoying the slickness of her pussy that had become very wet as well as the sensation her erect nipples were providing as they strained against the fabric of her dress.

As the men moved in, Heather felt a hand on her ass, but she did not react or move away. The owner of the roaming hand, feeling emboldened, grabbed the fabric and began to lift it upwards, revealing her upper thighs and part of her ass. Someone else's hand joined the first and together they lifted the hem of her dress up over her ass. In response, Heather moved her legs farther apart to allow easier access.

As the men moved to take advantage of the situation, Charles, noting his wife's dilated pupils and rapid breathing, decided that they needed to call a halt to things before they went any further. He pulled Heather closer to him, causing the two guys playing with her backside to disengage, and said, "OK, I think we will call it a night, guys. This has been fun."

"Aww, really? Do you have to leave now?" Jake whined.

"Yes, I think we must. Neither of us are used to this much alcohol," Charles insisted.

"Well, shit! Alright then," Jake acquiesced. "You two are joining us for the offshore fishing trip tomorrow, right?"

"I don't think so," Charles countered. "I'm not much for fishing and 8 hours on a boat seems like a long time."

"But honey, I love to fish and going offshore where the big ones run sounds like a lot of fun," Heather disagreed. Ordinarily, she would not have debated her husband in front of others, but her true love of fishing - not to mention the Goldschläger shots - lead her to speak up, "Please, let's do go tomorrow. I think we will both enjoy it."

Still not happy with the idea, but wanting to end the evening quickly, Charles relented and agreed that they would meet the group at the yacht club the next morning at 8:00AM.

The couple said their goodnights and entered the elevator for the ride up to their room. "Wow, honey. Those shots were really strong and they sorta did make my panties come off," Heather commented. "I'm sorry if I took things too far. It just seemed like a good idea at the time."

"It is not a problem, sweetheart. I know you like to have a good time and you were certainly the center of attention. We both know I can't keep up with you when it comes to partying and drinking. I want you to have a good time this week and don't let concerns about my feelings inhibit or limit your fun." Charles told her.

"Oh, honey. You are just too sweet and understanding. How did I ever get so lucky?" Heather cooed. 

"I'm the lucky one, sweetness. Plus, in all honesty, I kind of enjoy watching you 'work' when we are out. You are a rare individual, Heather."

The next morning, Heather and Charles left the hotel and walked directly to the boat docks behind the building. Heather had her hair pulled back into a ponytail, which made her look even younger than she already did. She had squeezed into a very tiny, very tight pair of white short-shorts that were buttoned up the front by three large silver buttons and clung to her body like a second skin. To complete the look, she wore an off-the-shoulders black knit cropped blouse with 3/4 sleeves and a pair of white low-top sneakers. Her tight abs were accented by a gold bellybutton ring that dangled down an inch and a half and drew even more attention to her toned body and low-cut shorts.

When they reached the boat, the other five members of the President's Club were already there, along with a crew of three that would host the group during the outing. The boat crew were all Jamaican, having immigrated to the US several years previously. The men were delighted to see Heather and greeted her with catcalls and wolf whistles. 

"Oh, stop it, you guys," Heather feigned indignation. "It's not like you haven't seen a girl in shorts before."

"It is not often that we see a girl that does this much justice to an outfit like that," Sean countered. "You look too good to be legal!"

"Well, let's hope the fish find me attractive," Heather said. "I intend to land a big one on this trip."

"I am confident that you will get a big one, maybe more, sexy," Jake chimed in.

As they climbed aboard the Viking 62' Convertible Sport Fishing Yacht, Atlantic Dream, Heather's breath was taken away by the luxurious vessel. 

"Wow! Isn't this something?" Heather said to Charles.

"It doesn't suck," Charles understated. 

Charles was trying to recover from a rough night. The imbibing that they both did, particularly the shots of potent liqueur, had done a job on his gastrointestinal workings. He had made a halfhearted attempt to dissuade Heather from going today, but he knew it was for naught, as his wife really did love to fish.

The captain, Badrick, greeted the couple as they were being handed mimosas by one of his crewmen, Devin.

"Welcome aboard. I am delighted you are joining us for the trip," Badrick said. "You are the last of the group, so we will be pushing off in just a few minutes. Please take a seat and I will walk all of you through the safety requirements."

Sean and Manny, one of the other Club members, quickly made room between them and insisted that Heather sit in the open space. Charles sat on a cooler that was at the stern of the yacht. It took 10 minutes for Badrick to cover the Coast Guard required information, while Devin and the other mate, Javel, finished preparing Atlantic Dream for her departure.

"We have checked the weather for today and, while there are no storms forecasted, the seas in the open Atlantic will be running 4-6 feet once we get away from the coast," Badrick forecasted. "If any of you are prone to seasickness, I hope you took medication last night, as it will do you no good to take anything once we are underway."

Charles gave Heather a worried look and she returned a sympathetic gaze. Given his predilection to queasiness in moving vehicles, now potentially exacerbated by the alcohol from last night, he was more than a little concerned about the trip. 

Heather left her seat between the two men and approached Charles, "do you think we should even attempt this trip?" she inquired.

"I am concerned," Charles admitted. "But I don't want to be a spoil sport, so let's see how I do."

"OK, my love," Heather agreed. "But please don't suffer on my account."

The couple rejoined the five other guests and Heather was handed another mimosa. Charles quickly declined anything alcoholic to drink - not wanting to temp fate by adding to the mix in his churning gut. The guys chatted Heather up a bit, wanting to know what she did to stay in shape and maintain her gorgeous tan.
