 Alan was still working contracts as we continued to build our tour business. We had added a fishing trip using an old coast guard boat as a day boat using crew of two. The captain and a guide who helped with tackle and cooked lunch. We could take eight customers but we planned on taking six. The boat has a wheelhouse and a small galley separated by open deck. We cover the open deck with an awning for shade so that's where most people fish from. We have open deck at the front and back but only the back is usable for fishing. 

Udin is our captain. A Malaysian, I've known him for years and he's a real character, he really knows the waters and a lot about how to fish them. We found a young girl to act as guide and cook. Her name is Tiara but everyone called her Netty. Alan said that was cruelty and called her Tiara or simply T. She was twenty and very pretty but a little shy to begin with. Part of her job was selling the trip from the pier or hotels and she found this very difficult at first. 

Alan took Tiara to one of the hotels we work with, to introduce her and show her around. It was the weekend and the place was quite busy. While Alan was talking to staff at the reception a couple of guys overheard and asked about the trip. Alan explained the trip wasn't due to start for a few days but asked how many there were of them. We had already considered starting over the weekend because it was usually the busiest time. 

There were four of them away for the weekend, westerners that worked in Singapore. Alan began chatting to them as he'd lived there for a while. Eventually Alan conceded and they arranged a trip for the next morning, six till six. 

It was crazy when they got back. We called Udin and told him, then headed into town shopping. Tiara and me bought all the food and drinks we needed while Alan collected bait and some tackle. Tiara was very excited about her first trip and we bought some clothes until the uniform arrived. I didn't think she'd go for what I suggested but she agreed straight away, saying, "No one can see us at sea."

"I like your attitude," I laughed, "What are these customers like anyway?"

"We only met two but they were cute, English or American, handsome," she had a very naughty grin as she told me.

We carried on chatting as we walked around town and I got the distinct impression, Tiara was not the little princess Alan thought. 

We met Alan at the pier and sorted out the boat, Alan and Udin were still preparing the tackle some time later so I headed home with Tiara. We were leaving early in the morning so I asked if she wanted to stay with us and she agreed. After eating we went into my room and had a look through my clothes. Alan spoils me and I have a huge selection. Some were very risqué and too much for local taste. Tiara loved them and we had ourselves a little fashion show. We were getting along really well and she came across as being quite naughty. I had developed a liking for red wine and poured myself a glass offering Tiara one, which she accepted. We took our drinks and sat on the sofa and talked about the trip. I don't know why but I mentioned that I had been a little naughty while on one of our mountain tours.

"What do you mean?" she gasped, smiling.

"Oh, nothing too naughty, I was just a bit daring," I blushed and didn't want to reveal exactly what happened.

"Tell me please, I won't say anything," she pleaded.

"Ok," I smiled and went on tell her how I had gone naked in front of some strangers on the tour. I didn't tell her everything, just in case.

"Is that all you did?" she said sounding disappointed.

"It was enough!" I replied laughing.

We called it a night and I showed her to the guest room, before going to bed myself.

The next morning we took a taxi to the pier while Alan collected our guests. It was just after six when they arrived and I was sat with Tiara. They almost fell out of the car and Alan came rushing over to us. He'd had a call from his office and wouldn't be joining us on the trip. He spoke briefly with Udin and wished the guys a good days fishing, before shooting off.

The guys came aboard and I cast off. Tiara had gone very shy again, so I introduced us and asked their names?

"Richard, Tim, Robert and Steve," one guy mumbled as he pointed to each.

They were all clearly nursing hangovers so I made coffee and handed it out. They were all reasonably handsome but definitely weren't looking their best. They were just lying around looking quite sad as we headed out to sea. Tiara and me joined Udin but could see the guys in case they needed us. The sea was very calm and it was going to be a very hot day. 

After a few more coffee's they began to come alive and sat chatting. I asked if they wanted the awning pulling over but they were happy to sunbathe for the moment. 

As I turned back to Tiara I joked, "You were right, they are cute."

The guys laughed and Tiara blushed, but it had broken the ice. All but Steve were American, he was English and they didn't work together but had met socially. Tim asked if there was anywhere to get changed into shorts as he'd been in a rush earlier and the others teased him about being drunk.

"Change here if you want, or at the back if you're shy?" I said laughing.

He hesitated as the guys taunted him but headed off to the stern. I was stood beside Udin when Tiara nudged me. She was watching him change over the galley and although we couldn't se anything below the waist, it was still quite sexy. I was smiling to myself, I wanted to change also, but was a little worried about Udin. 

"Udin, is there a problem if I get changed?"

"No, you do what you want," he replied casually.

Tim had returned and lay on the deck. I told Tiara I was changing into my shorts and stepped over him on my way to the galley. Tiara followed and we collected a bag from the galley before stepping onto the back deck. Tiara was giggling as we pulled off our baggy cotton trousers. We were both down to our underwear and Tiara kept looking to see if the guys were watching. I decided to strip completely and wear nothing under my Lycra shorts; Tiara was in hysterics but decided to do the same. 

I slid off my panties and glanced at Tiara who was already naked. Her pussy was shaven and her tits were beautifully round. We both laughed at being naked on the rear deck of the boat. We were only a few miles out to sea and there were other boats around. We waved to a few before putting on our skimpy Lycra clothing. 

There were shocked expressions on all their faces as we stepped back through the galley. Udin glanced around and gave me a broad smile. 

"Wow!" said Tim as I stepped over him.

The guys were smiling as they ogled us. I hoped I looked half as good as Tiara who was stunning. 

I walked up to Udin who had his back to me, "Ok?"

"Yes, can I have a look later?" he joked.

"Sure! No problem," I laughed.

We sat on deck talking to the guys as Udin continued towards the wrecks, the area we were going to fish. The guys were beaming as they looked over our bodies. I was looking at Tiara and could see her clit clearly defined through the thin materiel. I didn't say anything knowing mine would be just as visible. 

Udin killed the engine and came out on deck. He organised the guys with their fishing rods and brought out the bait. The guys began fishing as Udin offered advice and made sure they were happy. Tiara and me moved to the rear deck and sat chatting as we drifted.

"You did more, didn't you?" asked Tiara out of the blue.

"When?" I replied a little startled.

"On the tour you did before."

I hesitated and smiled before replying, "Yes, just a little bit more."

"Was it good?" she asked grinning.

"Fantastic!" and we both began laughing.

It was quite boring until the guys began catching fish. A few Krapu, which is like sea bass and delicious to eat. Tiara claimed them to use in lunch and we went off to prepare them. Udin was identifying the fish for the guys as most they had never seen before. They were doing really well and catching a wide variety. Tiara and I took it in turns handing out the drinks and the guys took every opportunity to admire our bodies.

They were filling a very large cool box with fish and it was soon half full. The guys asked what happened to the fish they caught because they didn't want any. I told them that they were sold and the money split between Udin and Tiara. It was a shock to them both but was Alan's idea of taking care of staff. They were happy with that and continued fishing but returned those that Udin said wouldn't sell. 

Lunch was almost prepared and we called a halt to fishing for a while. I pulled the awning over and prepared the table. We brought the food out and they began helping themselves. Fresh fish, shrimp and crab served with rice and spicy kangkung, a kind of peppery spinach. I handed out more drinks and joined them for lunch. Udin returned to the wheel house to have lunch, so he could listen to the radio. 

They were used to the food, living in Singapore but complimented us. Lunch was very relaxed and quite funny with the guys joking with us. Lunch was eventually over and I began to clear the table. It was unintentional but I had my ass very close to Robert and he made quite a fuss about admiring it, holding his hands out, as if to cup my cheeks. As Tiara took the last few items back to the galley I cupped her ass, giving it a little squeeze. 

"That's how you do it," I joked.

Robert obviously didn't know I'd seen him because he went very red. I was putting the table away when Tim held out a hand to cup my ass just like I had done to Tiara. I glanced around and caught him and everyone laughed. Tim withdrew his hand but I kept my ass sticking out and continued to look back at him, waiting, "Come on then!" I prompted.

Tim didn't hesitate and cupped my ass in his hand, giving me a little squeeze before I stood and pushed the table back into its corner. With the table put away, the central deck area was clear again. I gave Tim a smile as I walked back to the galley and got myself a beer. I stood in the galley doorway looking out when Udin asked when they wanted to start fishing again.

"A little while yet," I suggested and everyone agreed.

Udin gave me a smile and pulled the door shut as he muttered about getting a little sleep. I knew that look from Udin and I admired his tact. 

The guys sat having a beer and hadn't taken my joke with Tim as an invitation to get rowdy. They were joking with each other about the night previous and I decided to take a quick swim. I walked through the galley and stepped into the sea. It was so refreshing and I floated around on my back. Tiara came out laughing and watched as I began to swim around the boat. I swam around to the guys and pulled myself up behind Tim, making him jump as I appeared. 

I dropped back into the water as they all came to the side, "Can someone pass me my beer?"

Steve handed it to me and I took a drink before handing it back. I swam around for a few minutes while the guys watched, then swam around the back of boat. The guys all jumped in and were swimming around as I rejoined Tiara. I pulled myself out and began drying myself. I pulled out the bag of clothes and pulled off my top to get changed. Tiara was laughing because the guys were only just out of site. I took a peek and could see they were still around the middle of the boat and not paying me any attention. I quickly slid down my shorts and tossed them aside.

"Quick, quick, she's got no clothes on," screamed Tiara laughing.

There was some frantic splashing as the guys swam around towards us. I was tempted to just stand and show but I didn't get a chance, Tiara pushed me overboard. I surfaced as the guys arrived and Tiara was in a fit of laughter still aboard the boat. I couldn't be angry and gave her a smile as gained my bearings. The guys were all quite close to me and between me and the boat. I started swimming around making a poor attempt at concealing myself. 

Tiara was still laughing, especially as the guys were preventing me from returning to the boat. I swam into the guys but couldn't get through so swam away again. They'd had a good view of my tits as I splashed around. I had another idea and dived, my ass surfacing briefly as I did. A few seconds later I surfaced at the boat and began pulling myself aboard. The guys had clicked on and were only a metre or so from the boat as I pulled myself up. 

"Rian! Rian!" they were all shouting.

Tiara made a small attempt at blocking me but I fell on the rear deck laughing. I was out of breath and still lying on my back when the guys began climbing back aboard. I reached for the towel still laughing but Richard was in my way, he and Tim had already seen me. I fell backwards laughing hysterically, and as the rest of them climbed aboard I gave up trying to hide myself. 

"Oh shit!" I cried as I rolled around my sides hurting.

The guys weren't crowding me but were having a good look at my naked body. I was laughing so hard I thought I might pee myself. I put a hand down to cover my pussy but there wasn't much point. 

"Don't be shy, you look great," someone said.

"I'm going to pee myself," I cried hysterically, unable to stop myself laughing.

"Go on then," another added.

"Just tell me when you've seen enough!" I shrieked and I climbed to my feet.

I was stood right beside the guys and calming down as they all took a look at my tightly cropped pussy. Tiara was the only one still making any noise and I gave her a glare, "you're not getting away with it."

Tiara laughed louder as I turned away and walked into the galley. I grabbed another towel and carried on to the central open deck, the guys following with Tiara. I put the towel around me but Steve shouted, "Hey, I've not seen enough yet."

I carried on drying myself with the towel around me, ignoring their taunts. I caught Tiara's eye and she gave me a naughty smile making me wonder, "Tiara come here a second."

"What for?" she asked as she stood.

I didn't reply as she was already in front of me. I casually reached out towards her and put my fingers under her top. I didn't know how she would react but she never flinched as I continued and pulled her top over her head. Tiara gave her tits a rub and giggled. I gave her a naughty grin and lowered my glance to her shorts, "Then we jump in again," I whispered.

Tiara nodded as I stepped closer, the guys all watching in silence. As I began to kneel the towel came loose and I let it fall away. I put my hands on Tiara's shorts and slowly slid them down, pausing as they revealed her shaven pussy before removing them completely. Tiara had her back to the galley door and decided to run between Robert and Tim on her way to the sea and I quickly followed. 

They had all had a great view of her shaven pussy before we leapt into the sea. We swam together as the guys cheered us on. I caught Udin look out of the side window before disappearing again. We were about five metres from the boat and I quietly asked, "Do you want to be naughty?"

"Oh yes," she replied with a devilish grin.

We smiled and swam back to the boat, pulling ourselves up the sides so we could rest our arms on the top. "Are you coming in?" Tiara asked loudly.

Tim was about to dive in, "Oh no, not like that," I hollered waving my finger at his shorts. 

"Come on," Tiara prompted.

They didn't need much encouragement and quickly lost their shorts and were diving over our heads and into the water. We dropped back into the water and joined the guys swimming around. It was a good laugh and we were all joking, nobody was being shy. The guys hadn't tried touching us and I for one was getting impatient. I put an arm around Tiara and pulled her in front of me. Slipping my hands onto her tits I began massaging them as the guys watched. I had only met Tiara a week earlier and was always unsure how she would react to what I did. 

Tiara turned her head to me and kissed me, a peck at first then a longer, more sensual kiss and the guys all cheered. I began swimming around, brushing against them as I passed as close as I could. I began diving and swimming around them as I took a peek at their cocks. They all seemed to be semi erect but I was getting a little too close. As I swam around one guy, his cock only a few inches from my face, I bumped into it. The guy had no idea I was there and began to thrash around so I surfaced. 

"You, shit!" Tim screamed.

"Sorry Tim, I was just."

"Looking at his cock," someone shouted.

We all started to laugh and I got a mouthful of salt water and started to choke. I swam to the back of the boat and began pulling myself up. Tim had followed and was right behind me as I tried to climb into the boat. I pulled myself up and I had my waist on the side of the boat when he slid a hand between my legs and grabbed my pussy. I fell back into the water and quickly turned to him. I was laughing so there was no point in pretending to be angry. 

I gave him a little grin and turned back to the boat. I reached up and began pulling myself up slowly. I was anticipating Tim's hand touching me but it still thrilled me when it did. His hand slid up my inner thigh and cupped my pussy. I clung onto the boat this time and didn't drop back. Tim continued, his hand pressing hard against my clit. Tim pushed a finger into my hole and I let out a loud shriek. I wasn't trying to get into the boat anymore but clinging to its side. Tim slid another inside me then pushed deeper. I moaned loudly as Tim held onto the boat and began fingering my pussy. I could see the others were still swimming further up the boat. Tim was ramming his fingers inside me but the boat was beginning to cut me.

"I've got to get onboard," I gasped and pulled myself over the edge. 

Tim quickly followed his erect cock waving around. It was maybe six inches long but seemed quite thin. As he came closer I took his hand guiding it straight to my throbbing clit. Tim continued and rammed his fingers as deep as he could. His thrusts became faster as my juices replaced the salt water and I came almost immediately. 

I pushed him away for a second as I tried to get my breath, I felt as though I was being suffocated. I rose to my feet and went into the galley. I opened some water and drank thirstily. Tim put an arm on my shoulder as if comfort me. I assured him I was ok and took another drink before returning the bottle to the cooler. I stepped out into the central deck as Tiara began swimming to the back of the boat. Tim was still beside me, running his hands across my ass and tits. 

With the others out of sight I gave Tim a kiss and he held me tightly. I'd had enough now and without Alan I didn't really want to go any further. He'd said I could play whenever the opportunity arose, if he was there or not. God knows I was nervous enough when he was there, without him, I didn't think I could. Tim tried to kiss me again but I didn't reciprocate and he released me. 

Tiara had climbed aboard but hadn't appeared through the galley. I began walking back through the galley towards the rear of the boat. Now I knew why she hadn't appeared. She was leaning against the back wall of the galley with her arms, her back arched and a guy pumping away inside her. I stood in the relative darkness of the galley and watched. My god she was making some noise. 

I peered to see who was doing what, trying not to be seen. Robert was the one thrusting his cock into Tiara. I could see legs and make out that Richard and Steve were sat on the deck, probably watching like me. I had crept a little closer but couldn't be seen by Robert as I could only see up to his chest. Tiara was screaming but it was obviously pleasure. I dropped a hand and ran a finger along my still wet clit. Tim was still on the mid deck having a beer and probably sulking.
