 I felt a moment of uncertainty about the experience I was about to let myself in for, but the sight of Carl removing his jeans to reveal a gloriously hard cock protruding through the slit of his boxers swept away my twinge of insecurity. Well, stricly speaking I wasn't about to let myself in for it; that moment had come twenty minutes ago, in the club, when I agreed to his crazy suggestion. Of course, I could stop this any time I wanted to, and walk away. But this was something I'd wanted to try for years, and I wasn't letting a little case of nerves distract me from my goal.

I leaned back on one elbow on my bed (which, considering what was to come, was fortuitously large), took a swig from my glass of red wine for a bit of Dutch courage, and, with one movement, pulled my slinky black top over my head. I dropped it carelessly on the floor beside the bed and, aware of my audience, ran a hand langourously up my hip and over my breasts, suddenly sensitive beneath my black lace bra.

My audience was certainly appreciative. Carl's cock sprang to full attention, struggling to be free of his boxers. And as he turned back from filling his own wine glass, Aidan met my eyes with an admiring smile. Putting one arm around Carl, he raised his glass. "Here's to a wonderful evening, Ellen." Wordlessly, I raised my glass in reply, and took another (large) sip. Aidan set down his glass and turned Carl to face him. Placing his hands on Carl's hips, he kissed him fully. Carl responded eagerly, eyes closed, making small mewing noises in response to Aidan's skillful tongue and soft lips. I felt my cunt tingle at the fabulous sight of my two hottest male friends kissing passionately.

Quickly I slid my skirt over my hips and abandoned it, too, on the carpet, leaving me clad only in my black lace bra and knickers and sheer, black, lace-topped hold-ups. Neither of the boys had noticed my state of undress; they both had their eyes closed and were locked in quite a clinch. Aidan had his hands on Carl's ass and was massaging his buttocks through his boxers, while Carl's hands roamed across Aidan's shirtless back. Aidan came briefly up for air, leaving Carl gasping, then slid one hand inside Aidan's underwear. Carl moaned and leaned his head on Aidan's shoulder as Aidan stroked his butt cheeks. I could see Aidan's hand roaming across Carl's deliciously pert backside beneath the blue fabric of Carl's boxers.

Aidan looked across at me again. "Like what you see, hon?"

I let my left leg trail down the side of the bed, and bent my right on top of the bed, spreading my legs salaciously. "I'd like it better if I could see more. Why don't you both get naked?"

Carl laughed softly into Aidan's shoulder and looked up, his eyes already somewhat glazed with desire. "I think that is an excellent idea."

Reluctantly, he pulled back, allowing Aidan to remove his hand from his shorts. Quickly and efficiently, he pushed his boxers down and stepped out of them, revealing his cock in all its erect, eager glory. There was silence for a second, then I laughed, realising that Aidan and I had both been gazing at him with exactly the same thoughts in our heads (and probably the same expressions on our faces).

"Too slow, Aidan!" With that, Carl dropped to his knees before his friend and swiftly unbuttoned his trousers. He pulled down Aidan's trousers and underwear together, and waited impatiently for Aidan to step out of them before throwing them aside. Aidan's cock matched Carl's for sheer hardness. I had a perfect view of both in profile, and, trust me, I wouldn't like to choose between them. Aidan's was slightly shorter than Carl's, but thicker, and uncut.

I didn't have much time to admire, however. Carl wasted no time in wrapping his lips around the head of Aidan's cock, eliciting a low moan from Aidan, who placed his hands on Carl's head and tangled his fingers in Carl's dark hair. Eyes closed in rapture, Carl took more of Aidan's length into his mouth and cupped Aidan's balls in one hand. The other stole around Aidan to squeeze his ass.

I couldn't help myself. I couldn't look away from the sight of one of my best male friends sucking another's cock, something I'd dreamed of witnessing for quite some time. I squirmed around in order to prop myself up on pillows, freeing my hands to roam across my own body. I squeezed my tits through my bra and moaned. Aidan met my eyes, his lips slightly parted and his breath coming in pants as Carl worked on his cock enthusiastically. He smiled briefly, before an ecstatic moan was dragged from him as Carl's fingers danced down the crack of his backside.

I couldn't see exactly what Carl was doing; if he was fingering Aidan at all, it was only a little: I could see most of his hand. The idea of Carl fingering Aidan was almost as powerful as the certainty, however. I allowed one of my hands to move lower, to stroke my crotch through my knickers.

"One day, you're going to have to let me watch you fuck each other properly, fellas."

Aidan sighed as Carl drew back from his cock, releasing it from his mouth. His breath still came fast, however, as Carl's hand continued whatever it was doing to Aidan's ass. Carl smiled across at me. "As I recall, Ellen, you are the one getting well-and-truly fucked tonight."

Just hearing him say it made my breath come faster. My pussy-stroking hand could feel that my knickers were becoming damp. "Well, Carl, why don't you put Aidan down and fuck me?"

He released Aidan and stood. "I've got a better idea. I'm off to freshen up - why don't you carry on where I left off?"

And with that, he turned and disappeared into the bathroom, his erection bobbing in a most mesmerising way. Aidan and I both watched him go, then looked at each other. "Well?" he asked, nodding archly towards his straining cock.

I smiled in anticipation. "Darling, I would love to suck you."

He grinned, his eyes darkening as I hopped off the bed and walked across the room to him. I knelt before him, sinking into the soft sheepskin rug. His cock gleamed with Carl's saliva. I reached around him and grasped his buttocks firmly, then took him into my mouth.

Aidan's cock was warm and delicious; I never tire of that so-male texture of velvet-on-steel. I took as much of him into my mouth as I could, my tongue playing eagerly across his hardness. His hands tangled in my hair as they had in Carl's. The combination of memory and sensation made my cunt ache somewhere deep inside. I sucked Aidan eagerly, making little sounds of lust around his width. He echoed me with deep moans, thrusting gently into my mouth.

I heard a light tread behind me. Then Carl's hands were at my back, undoing my bra. It fell to the floor and he threw it aside and quickly cupped my breasts in his warm, firm hands. I moaned loudly around Aidan's cock. I heard Carl laugh softly and say, "If this is how easy it is to excite you, you won't last until the fucking!" He punctuated his speech by pinching both my nipples. The unexpected slight pain made me moan long and load, panting frantically around Aidan's cock. Aidan tightened his hands in my hair and began to thrust more urgently into my mouth. I took as much of him as I could until I almost choked, wishing I could take more. Carl's hands continued to work my tits, massaging, kneading, and occasionally drawing a particularly loud moan from me with a well-timed, hard squeeze of my nipples.

Aidan spoke, between gasps. "She wants it, doesn't she, mate?"

Carl laughed again, low and sexy. "Does she ever. Which bit do you fancy?"

"Apart from all of her?"

"In particular. How do you want to fuck her?"

Aidan moaned as I flicked his cock with my tongue. "Aaaaah...well, I've already had her mouth, so I'd say her pussy."

Carl squeezed both her nipples at the same time, drawing a long groan from me, muffled (of course) by Aidan's thick cock. "Fair enough. I'll take the back door, then." He abandoned my tits with one hand, keeping the other moving across both breasts, and slid the other inside my knickers, cupping my arse. I moaned, anticipating his finger - or his cock - inside my ass.

Aidan continued to thrust, fucking my mouth methodically. He'd settled into a nice rhythm. He was hard and hot, but not too close to coming. "I think she likes that idea, Carl."

Carl withdrew the hand from my backside briefly, leaving my knickers stranded around my thighs and my buttocks wantonly exposed to him. "Good," Carl replied. "Ellen, since you're otherwise occupied with Aidan's dick, I'll tell you what I'm doing, shall I?" I moaned an affirmation. "Right. I've got a little pot of lube right here, and I'm" - he pinched my nipple, making me groan - "just lubing up my finger."

And then his finger was burrowing between my arse cheeks, and had quickly found my tight opening. Aidan continued to thrust into my mouth, his hands pulling my head onto his cock. I cried out as best I could as Carl's finger entered me slowly, pushing past my sphincter and driving into me up to its full length. His other hand massaged my tits.

Aidan laughed, shakily. "I can only imagine how good that feels. Maybe one day Carl can fuck me in the ass while I fuck you?"

I moaned again at the thought.

Carl gently withdrew his finger, pulling it right out of my body, and then pushed it back into my ass, more quickly this time. I moaned, taking in so much of Aidan's cock that I almost gagged. My hands clutched Aidan's buttocks desperately. Carl began to fuck my ass with his finger, slowly, in time to Aidan's thrusts. Moaning, mewing urgently around Aidan's cock, I could barely breathe.

Then Carl pulled his finger out of me and stood. "I think we should fuck her before she comes too soon, Aidan."

Aidan gently grasped my head and pulled me off his cock, leaving me glassy-eyed and panting. "I agree." He offered me his hand and helped me to my feet. My legs shook. "Bed, now," he ordered.

Aidan went ahead of me and lay down on my bed, smiling up at me, his cock hard and urgent. I lay on top of him and began to kiss him hungrily. I felt Carl roll down my knickers, leaving me clad only in my lacy hold-ups. Aidan's cock was right at the entrance to my soaking, aching pussy. I pulled back from the kiss and thrust down onto him, taking him into me in one swift movement. He moaned, eyes closed in ecstasy.

Then Carl was on top of me, hands supporting his weight on either side of Aidan and I, his lubed cock pressing my arse cheeks apart. He reached down with one hand and parted my buttocks, then guided the head of his cock to my oh-so-sensitive opening. "Ready, Ellen?"

"Yes! For God's sake, fuck me!"

Smoothly, he pushed into me. I relaxed, panting, and allowed the sensation of being filled by two gorgeous cocks to wash over me. "Oh, guys, that feels fantastic."

Aidan smiled at me. "It feels pretty good from where I am too. And I can feel Carl through you. Carl? You having fun up there?"

Carl pulled partway out of my ass, making me tense and moan softly. "Oh yes," he replied, before driving his cock back into me.

That was it. The fucking had, as promsing, well and truly started. Carl thrust into me as I thrust my ass up to meet him, causing Aidan to slip partially out of me. Then Aidan pushed up and I ground down to meet him. As Aidan filled my pussy, Carl slipped from my ass. Then slammed into me again as I thrust up again, starting the whole cycle anew.

I felt as if I was being pounded inside out as they fucked me (or as I fucked them, in turn). I don't know how long it went on for - that delicious feeling of being filled, first in the ass, then the pussy. Hands crept between Aidan and I to feel my tits. I snatched brief kisses with Aidan between gasps and moans.

The tempo increased, Carl and Aidan pounding into my ass and pussy, respectively, with abandon. All three of us were crying out unrestrainedly. Aidan was first to come. I felt his cock pumping, a sensation which sent me over the edge. My cunt spasmed around him as I shuddered and moaned. Then Carl's cock began to pump in my ass, filling me with his hot come. For a blissful instant the three of us rode the peak together; before collapsing into an exhausted heap.

Carl murmured, a smile in his voice, "Can we do this again tomorrow?"