 I fucked Sarita while she gathered our cum from her body and fed it to me with her fingers. I devoured the mix, hungry for more. The next time she gave me more I kissed her deeply, sharing our ecstasy. After a minute of kissing, I began to fuck her with abandon. This time it was more about me than her and I wanted to cum again. Sarita grabbed my ass and spread my cheeks, holding them hard as I fucked her. We fell into a frantic rhythm and I could feel Sarita's pussy grasping and pulsing with each stroke. I drove my penis into her with every push and she rose up to meet me, pressing her clitoris into my pubic bone. I felt a finger probe my asshole and then a finger entered me, soon to be followed by another. I looked forward to having my prostate massaged. The fingers were lubed and felt amazing. Then I felt a third finger attempt to enter and experienced a little pain. Fucking Sarita helped to balance out the sensation, but it was close. 

It was then that I realized that Sarita still had both hands firmly grasping my ass cheeks, still spreading them wide. That left only Jennifer. I could feel my hard-on increase with the thought and feel of Jennifer fingering my prostate. Jennifer proceeded to do just that, stroking my prostate with hooked fingers. Just as I really began to get into it the fingers retreated and, as I exhaled, were replaced my something bigger and harder. I gasped as Jennifer thrust into me with her strap-on, maybe three or four inches deep. I froze as pain shot through me. Sarita continued to spread my ass and slowly my muscles relaxed. Jennifer was surprisingly calm and, luckily for me, had used a lot of lube. She slowly began to fuck my ass and the pressure of her thrusts made my penis throb in response. I lay there, breathing deeply as Sarita kissed my face and neck. Jennifer picked up the pace and was soon bottoming out, her entire strap-on buried in my ass. I started to move in time with her, fucking Sarita as I experienced an intense, not entirely pleasurable experience, that I did not want to stop! 

As we fucked, it felt as if every sweat gland on my body opened up, soaking Sarita beneath me. I moaned unconsciously; true, deep, animalistic moans. I was a sensory slave, unaware of anything but pleasure and pain. When the latter disappeared, I could not remember, but the pressure that had been building gave way to extreme pleasure and was enjoying every stroke. It was not long before the pleasure began to become almost too much. Suddenly, as if a dam had been opened, I started to cum. I collapsed against Sarita as Jennifer fucked me faster and faster. I lay there and came...with every stroke of Jennifer's cock I released more cume. My head swirled and I felt my body shake in response. Sarita was frantically rubbing her clit with one hand and pulling my hair with the other. Looking back I think that the pain of the hair pulling was the only thing that kept me conscious throughout the experience - it was that intense of a fucking. When I had run out of cum, Jennifer continued to fuck me, and I could feel her strap-on getting hotter and hotter as the friction of her strokes took effect. I lay there, with my cock shrinking inside Sarita, taking Jennifer in again and again. I cared not for the now loose, cum-filled condom, but lay limply as I was fucked hard. When Jennifer eventually pulled out and I could feel the cool air replace her and the pulsing of my blood inside my sphincter muscles. I was wide open, gaped, as my muscles struggled to recover from the experience. Jennifer rolled me off of Sarita and carefully took the condom out of her and fed its contents into Sarita's beautiful mouth. After a moment, Sarita rolled over and fed me my cum from her mouth before going down and licking my penis clean. While there was to be no more erections tonight, her licking and sucking still elicited a gentle pleasure, comforting, nurturing and good.

I awoke briefly that night and, with the half-light of the city coming through the window, I found myself nestled into Sarita's breasts as Jennifer lay on the other side, protectively spooned with Sarita. I passed out, without the need of dreams.