 Volume One – Ivy 

Book One - A Night on the Town 

Chapter One 

Welcome To the Opera 

It was finally the weekend, and Ivy had been waiting for it like a warm summer day in the middle of winter. She had broken up with her lover back in October and had actually never found the love that she was looking for. Yes, Ivy is a beautiful, young, sexy girl, but what she had been looking for all her life was simply someone to love her for herself, not the physical beauty that she overwhelmingly dominated over other girls with. She was becoming frustrated that the girls she was attracted to were straight and always going for the guys that were so obviously wrong for them. Tonight, though, Ivy was going out to just have fun! She was going to dance, flirt, and maybe even have a drink or two. Ivy really never needed alcohol to have a good time, especially when it came to dancing! 

Ivy had planned to go out with her best friend Gina but she had to work overtime as she often did on Friday and Saturday evenings. So Ivy was on her own again tonight. She had been out before by herself and really didn't think much about it. Gina would finish her shift, and then meet her at the club. A simple plan it was. Ivy drove downtown, and was looking for a place to park, it was Friday night and there wasn't any parking close to their favorite club, the Tropics, so Ivy decided to look a little further down the street. As she slowly drove, looking for an open space, she found that there was nothing available. The club must have been packed, it was going to be a fun night for sure, she thought! Just then she remembered the club was hosting a Wet T-shirt Contest. Great, she thought, it will be packed full of horny assholes and cheap sluts. As long as she got to dance the long week away she didn't care. She decided to turn down a side street, and went about a half a block and parked in the first available spot she found. Checking her makeup and putting on a little more lipstick before getting out of her car, Ivy stepped into the cold February night. As she quickly turned and started back towards the Tropics, a glimmer of pink neon light caught Ivy's big brown eyes. It put her into a trance as her head turned towards the light. She had evidently never noticed the door on the side of the old building across the street. It was just a small sign that read, "The Opera." Just then, a tall, dark-haired, very well built guy with a smoking hot blonde walked passed Ivy. She was instantly mesmerized by them. Ivy stood and watched them both as the couple walked up to the door of The Opera. As the door opened, a well-dressed man welcomed them in as if he had known them. 

Ivy probably would have continued on to the Tropics if the man holding the door hadn't called out to her "Ma'am, the party is just starting and you are welcome to join." 

Ivy put her little girl smile on and said, "Oh, is it someone's party?" 

The stranger's reply intrigued Ivy, "Yes my dear, it's a party every night, but tonight is a special one because you are here." 

With that, Ivy let her curiosity take over. She produced a big grin and accepted the invitation by saying "Well, I can't let everybody down now can I." As she approached the very handsome man holding the door for her, she leaned into him and said, "But I don't know anybody in there." 

The man dressed in an expensive suit whispered to her "Tell Johnny that Big T said to take of you." Big T fit him good, he was easily two feet taller than Ivy, and Ivy was tall and slender. As she walked through the door, she could feel the hunger of his lust that was flowing from his innocent smile. 

Ivy walked through a dark corridor that was only lit by a pink rope light on the side of the floor with just enough brightness to show the way to the next door. As she approached it, the door opened on its own just as she reached for the handle. The sound of music blasted its way out of the room into the corridor. As the door opened, Ivy saw the dance floor, filled with people as she walked through the passage into another world. The room was filled with loud music, the illuminated dance floor pulsating with music reminded her of something from the past, while strobe lights kept her eyes busy trying to see the room full of bodies throughout the club. 

"Welcome to The Opera, I am Simone, may I take your wrap?" the hostess at the door asked. 

Startled, Ivy looked at her with eyes of astonishment. The young lady was wearing a very attractive, tuxedo top with a small glittery top hat. Ivy took her wrap off and handed it to Simone politely thanking her. Ivy inquisitively asked, "Why haven't I ever heard of this place before? I have been to The Tropics so many times but I have never noticed this place!" 

Simone answered Ivy quickly saying, "Well, this is an invitational club only, and the members are the only persons that may invite. May I ask for your invitation Miss." 

Not knowing what to say and ready to leave now, as she was sure Big T was just the doorman trying to impress her, Ivy reached for her wrap in Simone's hand and said "Well, the doorman said it was okay, but I guess I will be going now." These types of clubs never did much for Ivy, she considered them as places for the upper class to hide away from the "real" people. 

Simone releasing the wrap into Ivy's hand saying "Oh, that is so unlike Jimmy, are you sure it was him? He is a little guy." 

"No, it was a big man, he said his name was Big T," Ivy replied. 

Simone without any regard to Ivy grabbed her hand in an instant and said, "Oh, I am so sorry, please follow me." 

Ivy had no choice. She was being led through the club by Simone, looking at the lights, the dance floor, the huge crowded bar, the mirrors that lined the ceiling reflecting all the lights. She didn't notice all the people watching her being led by Simone. They reached a table in a corner of the room, it was taller than average and large enough for twenty persons. It was set with fine silverware, crystal glasses, and lots of flowers. The table cloth was very elegant, reaching to the floor on all sides. Simone pulled a chair out next to the head of the table and said, "please have a seat, the rest of our guests will be here shortly, let me take your wrap so I can take care of it for you." 

Bewildered, Ivy said, "Are you sure I am supposed to be here? Who is this Big T person anyway?" 

Simone politely took the wrap from Ivy's hand and said, "Big T is one of the owners, and if he said that you are to be here, then this is your place. May I have your name so I can introduce you to our guests?" 

"Ivy, My name is Ivy. Thank you..." she said still in a state of shock. Only when Simone was walking away, did Ivy notice that Simone was only wearing the top to the tuxedo. It covered her petite body tightly down to just the bottom of her cheeks, as you could see the curvature of her perfectly rounded ass. Her bare legs were mounted on top of tall stilettos that made Ivy melt as she watched her walk away. 

Chapter 2 

The Playhouse 

Ivy sat at the big table alone for what seemed like forever. A server came by and brought her a drink. And told her, "she only had to ask and it would be the house's pleasure to ensure her desires were met." Ivy sat watching for the couple which had come in before her - but there were so many people, all dancing, laughing, and having fun. She was starting to feel all alone when Big T approached her, his hungry smile still glowing with confidence as if he knew he was going to have her tonight. Yes, he was attractive, but he wasn't the reason why Ivy accepted his invitation. She wanted to find the sexy couple that preceded her. It had been some time since she had just been herself, the Ivy that only a select few actually knew, the dirty, sex craving Ivy that hadn't been seen since her break up. Ivy wanted to just forget who she was tonight and this seemed like the perfect place for it. 

"I am so happy Simone found a place for you at my table, I see Johnny has taken care of your drinks. Is there anything else that I may get for you?" Big T said as he reached for her hand, lifting it to his lips and softly kissing it. 

Ivy politely said, "No, I think I have been taken care of." He moved himself to the right side of her and seated himself. Johnny almost on cue delivered his drink, as Simone started to seat the rest of the guests. With each new couple, she would say, "It is my pleasure to introduce Ivy, Mr. Tanix's guest" as she seated them. With the two seats still empty to Ivy's left, Ivy waited to see who would be joining her. To her surprise, Simone was escorting the couple she had been anxiously looking for, she introduced Ivy to them, and left. The gorgeous blonde greeted Ivy with a cheerful kiss on her cheek, and a "So happy to have you tonight, maybe it won't be so dreary!" as she introduced herself as Hanna and her "friend" Kyle. 

Hanna wore a flashy gold and silver, low-cut dress that barely covered her shapely ass. She flowed with sex; everyone at the table was infatuated with her in an instant, including Ivy. Upon closer inspection, Kyle looked to be an average guy; he was tall and nicely dressed, but the fragrance of expensive cologne overpowered the natural smell of a man, that musky essence that Ivy lusted for. It seemed to Ivy that the two were missed matched, Hanna, the bombshell that awoke the sexual desires of everybody that met her and Kyle, the typical wealthy, underachiever that bought his women. Maybe they did make a good match, Ivy thought. There was nothing wrong with that, in fact, Ivy always secretly wanted a guy that would show her off like a prize trophy, to take her to all the fancy restaurants and introduce her to all his friends. Ivy was definitely glamor girl material. Ivy had long brown hair and long legs that went straight to the most perfectly shaped ass. She considered her breasts to be perfect because they weren't so big that the guys would stare at them when talking to her but were very noticeable just the same, especially tonight as she wore her favorite green dress that pushed them up while presenting them nicely. 

As small talk circled the table, and the champagne flowed, Ivy sat listening to the different conversations as she tried to decide who was who in her new surroundings. Then suddenly, she felt a hand come from beneath the table, it was Big T's. He Léaned over to her and whispered, "If this is starting to bore you, we can talk somewhere more, 'private.'" 

Ivy smiled and declined to say "No, this is just fine, I am enjoying myself" even though an hour had gone by and she hadn't even been to dance floor yet. 

Just then Hanna said, "Ivy, come to the powder room with me, I need your opinion on something." Big T stood, and pulled her chair back as Ivy excused herself. Hanna took Ivy's hand and said, "Come, sweetie, follow me!" 

Along the way, Ivy caught a glimpse of something that she had never seen in a club before. She had heard of it happening but never believed it actually occurred. At a table next to the dance floor, underneath the fast flashing lights of the strobes, a girl was sitting on top of the table with her legs spread and a guy's head firmly planted between them. Ivy squeezed Hanna's hand as they walked past them. Hanna shouted as they walked by "Ahhh, look at her, she is starting early..." Ivy couldn't understand the rest as the music was loud and Hanna was leading her quickly through the crowd of party goers. 

"So what do you think of Kyle? He really likes me!" Hanna said as the door closed behind them. 

In disbelief of what she had just seen and what Hanna had said, Ivy responded excitedly with, "What is this place? What exactly is going on in here?" 

Hanna looked at her, then smiled and said, "What do you mean, you never been to one of these clubs before?" 

"One of these clubs? What do you mean? Hanna, tell me what is going on here ok!" Ivy exclaimed. 

Hanna looked at Ivy with a look of disbelief, "You gotta be kidding me! As drop dead gorgeous as you are and you have never been to a playhouse before?" 

A playhouse, what is that? The questions were bouncing around in Ivy's mind so fast that she couldn't get them out fast enough. The look on her face told Hanna that Ivy was a playhouse virgin, and she hated it when Big T brought virgins into The Opera. Hanna told Ivy that playhouses were where adults could go, and just simply be themselves. That the members were trusted to keep secrets and that what happened inside of The Opera was never repeated videotaped, recorded, or anything of the nature. She said it was all mutual and that if she didn't want to participate with anybody, to just say "Pas ce soir merci," which was French for "Not tonight thank you." She said it was hardly ever used, but most of the members also enjoyed voyeurism. After explaining what The Opera was all about, Ivy decided to stay, but she was learning French very quickly as the phrase rolled through her mind over and over. 

The walk back to the table was eye opening for Ivy. She noticed more openly sexual acts; guys and girls, girls and girls, and guys and guys. Ivy didn't blush easy, but this was just something that she had never been exposed to before. She was now saying "Pas ce soir merci" out loud as she walked with Hanna back to the table. 

Big T stood, and said "I hope you ladies didn't have any problems, I took the liberty of ordering some appetizers for you" as he pulled the chair back and then eased Ivy into it. 

Hanna gave him a look of disapproval and said, "Everything is just fine, I have just been teaching Ivy some French." 

Chapter 3 

Let's Play a Game 

Just as Ivy sat down, a very attractive woman came from nowhere. She was wearing a tiny black leather mini skirt. She wasn't very tall, but her figure was perfect and she knew it by the way she walked. Her hair was black, shoulder length and complimented her big, dreamy eyes. Ivy watched her as shetapped Kyle on his shoulder. "Foutez le camp de mon siège," she said in a commanding voice. Saying nothing, Kyle immediately rose and gave the dark haired beauty his seat. 

Hanna leaned over to Ivy and said, "Meet Léa, she just returned from Paris." 

Just then, Léa said "Esclave, rendre quelqu'un heureux." Kyle moved next to Léa on her left side and dropped to his hands and knees, disappearing under the table. 

"What's he doing down there?" Ivy asked Hanna. 

"Hi, I am Léa my dear, may I ask who has the privilege of entertaining my brother this evening." 

Hanna looked over at her and said, "Sister, this is Ivy. She is new to The Opera." 

Léa smiled at them both, "Well Ivy, my pet is going to make someone happy, but we don't know who it will be, maybe it will be you. Do you like having your pussy sucked on while you have a drink?" 

Ivy now looking around the table, wondering who was being pleasured by Kyle. She noticed an older lady across from her sitting with her eyes closed. That must be the lucky girl she thought to herself. She was already thinking about what she would do if he suddenly appeared between her legs. In all honesty, the thought of him under the table did get her a little excited. From the other side of Big T, Simone appeared. He said, "Well my pretty little slut, I trust all of your duties have been completed?" 

Simone replied with her eyes looking down at the floor, never making contact with him, "Yes of course, how may I please you now Master T?" 

Big T laughed loudly, "Great! Now say hello to Ivy the proper way. She hasn't taken her eyes off of your cute little ass all night!" 

Simone moved around Big T and stepped behind Ivy. She leaned down over her shoulder without saying a word and kissed Ivy on her lips very lightly as if she was inviting her to dance. Ivy kissed back and slowly opened her mouth accepting the invitation. Ivy instantly felt the sensation of arousal race through her body, ending in her increasingly wet pussy. 

"So is it only the ladies you like, or do you enjoy the pleasures of both if I may ask?" Big T asked just as Simone was breaking off the kiss with Ivy. 

Ivy responded feeling overwhelmed by the sudden kiss, "Yes, yes I do. I mean I like both but mostly I like girls". She turned around to see Simone's beautiful face, but she had disappeared. "Don't worry my angel, Simone will be back with you in a moment" She heard Big T's voice say. Just then Ivy felt a nudge from under the table; she looked across the table at the other woman who was still in what seemed like a state of erotic bliss. She wanted to deny the intruder, but instinct told her to just let tonight happen. 

As Ivy allowed her guard to fall, the tension in her legs was released. The intruder that kissed her softly in the secrecy of the underneath eased her legs apart. She felt the soft lips of her intruder work their way up her thighs, and to the center of her being. Ivy's pussy was drenched with her flowing juices. Her secret lover started to kiss and lick the wetness of her panties. She wanted the intruder to just rip them off of her, but the teasing excited her ever more. Ivy leaned back in her seat, arching her back slightly. Hanna took her hand, and said, "Oh, did Kyle find you? He is an expert with a girl's pussy!" 

Ivy just closed her eyes and let a long moan out. Even through her soaked panties, the skill of this intruder was amazing. She wanted Simone to come back to her so she could taste her sweet lips again. Feeling the lips bite at her panties, pulling at them to move them over, she opened her eyes and looked to her right. Léa was sitting in Big T's Lap, they were embraced and kissing, with his left hand fully cupping her right breasts. Ivy turned to Hanna, ready to ask her what was going on. 

Hanna had anticipated the question already and softly said, "It is ok Ivy, we are only brother and sisters in the ownership. Now relax and enjoy yourself." 

Closing her eyes again and succumbing to the intruder's will, she felt a hand come down from the table on her left side. It was Hanna's hand that came down and lifted Ivy's leg over her own, allowing her intruder better access to Ivy's sweet pussy. Hanna then reached over and slid a finger into Ivy, and then back out. Léa watched as Hanna brought her hand up from under the table, then sucking the juices off of her finger. Then Ivy heard Léa's voice say pleadingly, "Give me a taste" as Hanna responded with "Get your own." 

Just then she heard Big T's voice command "Salope! Prenez notre invité à la piste de danse, je veux la regarder." 

Ivy opened her eyes once more, as her intruder started to push the chair back. From between Ivy's legs Simone appeared, with her top unbuttoned now, her perfect breasts beautifully displayed, she slid up Ivy's body slowly and making sure that her erect nipples touched Ivy all the way up until she reached her lips. 

"Embrassez-moi salope," Léa said. Simone without hesitation stood and leaned over to kiss Léa, their tongues met and intertwined immediately. Léa pushed Simone away and said to her, "She tastes good and fresh! Now go get her ready for us, your Master is getting hungry!" 

Chapter 4 

The Dance 

Taking Ivy's hand, Simone led her to the middle of the crowded dance floor, stopped and turned around. Simone pulled Ivy close and pressed her body up against hers tightly, and then moved her mouth close to Ivy's waiting lips. With all the excitement going through her mind and body, Ivy was in a state of ecstasy. She moved to the music but did not hear it, she only moved in the ways that Simone wanted her too. They were as if one body on the dance floor, fully embraced while moving to the lights and sounds of the evening arena of lust. Simone lifted her left hand with her index finger stretched out pointing into the air. Twirling it in a circular motion, the dance floor cleared leaving only Simone and Ivy. 
