 My wife Amy and I have been married for almost 4 years. During this time, our sex life has been absolutely sizzling. We have enjoyed oral sex, anal sex, adult movies, role playing, bondage as well as a wide assortment of sex toys. We are both in our late twenties, but Amy does not look a day over 24. We do the wild thing about 4 or 5 times per week. As great as it has been, we both wanted to take our sex life to the next level. Although we now live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, we are both originally from the Southeast. Amy was and still is a drop dead gorgeous Florida girl while I was raised in Louisiana. 

As Southerners, we are both huge football fans. Amy attended the University of Florida which explains why our house contains a large number of alligator pictures as well as the little gator stuffed animals. Although I did not attend LSU, the Bayou Bengals have been my team since I was in the 5th grade. 

Last Summer, we noticed that Florida and LSU were playing again this Fall in October. Both LSU and Florida were anticipated to have excellent football teams. Last year, LSU had won the SEC Championship Game as well as their Bowl game. Florida finished last season with a blowout win against Maryland in the Orange Bowl. I suggested to Amy that we make some sort of wager involving our sex life for this upcoming game. At first, Amy was not receptive to my idea, but she changed her mind after she did some football research on the Internet. She discovered that the game would be played in Gainesville, Florida where the Gators rarely lose. Except for games against Florida State, the Gators had only lost 2 or 3 games in Gainesville during the past 10 years. Amy proudly told me that LSU had lost 13 of their past 14 to the Gators including the past 4 in a row by a 135-44 margin.

Armed with this information, she was ready to gamble on her Gators. During one of our intense lovemaking sessions, we decided on the details surrounding the bet. One of Amy's friends was getting married in December, and Amy planned to have a Bachelorette Party/ Baby Shower for her friend. If Florida defeated LSU, she wanted me to do a complete striptease at the party in front of about 4 or 5 of Amy's best friends. I would then be required to lay down on the floor while Amy played with my cock. Amy was dying to see the look on her girlfriends faces as my cock extended to the full 7 inches. I would continue lying on the floor as Amy would fist my cock with her hand until I squirted my cum out for the entire audience. I have quite an impressive ejaculation. If I abstain from an orgasm for several days, my cock usually shoots 5 or 6 jets of cum. It would certainly be an afternoon that her friends would never forget. If LSU beats Florida, my request was that she wear an extremely provocative outfit as we walked around a mall. This was to be followed by a delicious meal at a fancy restaurant. We would cap the evening off with a visit to an adult video store where Amy was to pick out a complete stranger to watch the two of us have sex.

As game day approached, LSU's record was 4 wins and 1 loss while Florida's was 4 wins and 2 losses. This was the worst start that the Gators had had since 1986. Despite all this, the Gators were still favored by 8 1/2 points. This point spread seem to calm Amy down considering that the Gators had already been trounced in Gainesville in September by the Miami Hurricanes.

Saturday night finally arrived, and we gathered around the TV for the telecast on ESPN. By the end of the first quarter, LSU owned a 13-0 lead. I could tell that Amy was getting nervous, but she was feeling somewhat better at halftime since the Gators now only trailed 13-7. Fortunately for me, Amy's beloved Gators completely collapsed in the second half. LSU had a barrage of touchdowns in the 3rd and 4th quarter to finish the Gators off 36-7. It was the worst home defeat for Florida since 1979. Amy realized that there would be no Bacherolette party striptease, but we both would get to fuck each other in front of a complete stranger. I assured Amy that we would plan all the details so that nothing could go wrong. 

To help familiarize Amy with an adult video store, we decided to visit a store on one Friday night. Not wishing to draw attention to herself, Amy wore a loose fitting sweatshirt, jeans and tennis shoes. She had her beautiful blond hair pinned up so that it did not hang almost halfway down her back, and she was wearing no makeup. Since this was Amy's first visit to an adult store, she was nervous yet also curious. We walked around for about 15 or 20 minutes with Amy paying close attention to the others in the store. Except for one of the store clerks, Amy was the only female in the store. The business was large, clean and extremely well lit and not at all seedy as Amy had anticipated. Since our secondary option was a topless bar, we finished the evening by visiting an a very high class topless club. Amy was much more comfortable in the bar, and she enjoyed the music as well as watching the guys as they stared lustfully at the entertainers.

So that Amy could wear one of her skimpy outfits, we had to depend on the weather in planning the date of our sextravaganza. One Saturday in November, the forecast was for temperatures around 70 or higher. On the previous Friday night, we called and made reservations at a mid priced hotel in Northwest Dallas. This area of town has a large number of adult establishments as well as topless clubs. We figured that we could always go searching for a guy in a topless club if she did not like the looks of the guys in the adult video stores. 

Saturday arrived, and I was extremely excited about the day's upcoming events. Part of our bet was that I also got to chose Amy's outfit for the day. After we spent 10 minutes or so in the closet, I found the perfect ensemble for Amy to wear. I picked out a red halter top, white shorts and a pair of open toed 4 inch heels. The top of her cleavage was well showcased in the halter top while the shorts barely covered her ass. The halter top also left her mid-drift completely bare exposing her flat tanned abdomen. After I painted her little toenails a bright red, I slipped her high heels on. So that we would both be horny, we had abstained from sex and orgasms since last Friday night; thus, providing an 8 day orgasmic backlog. I got a huge erection from just painting her sexy little toenails. Amy was quite a sight in this outfit. With the 4 inch heels, she now stood at a very tall 5'11". With her stunning 36C-23-35 inch figure, angelic face and long sexy legs, she was now practically a walking sex doll. 

To ensure both Amy's safety as well as mine, we took extra precautions for the day. We rented a car for the day so that the stranger would not be able to trace us with our own car. I took a small legal risk as I removed the plates from the rental and replaced them with some old out of state plates which my Dad had used about 20 years earlier. I was careful not to make this switch until we were ready to go directly to the adult video store. Also for our safety, both Amy and I were armed with pepper spray just in case something went awry with the stranger. 

We left the house at about 3:00 PM and arrived at the mall about 40 minutes later. We chose a mall across town so as to minimize the chances that we would meet somebody that we knew. With Amy decked out in her "come hither" outfit, it would be quite embarrassing to meet someone that we knew. After we entered the mall, it did not take long to see people's eyes diverted to Amy. She was drawing attention from both guys and girls. Within about 15 minutes, I noticed that a group of 3 male teenagers were actually following us around the mall. After my suggestion, we entered a Victoria's Secret Lingerie store where Amy tried on a few outfits. After a little coaxing, I made sure that Amy came out well into the store while wearing the intimate garments. Several men in the store got a absolute eyeful of Amy's curvy body. The teenagers did not enter the store, but they were outside Victoria's Secret on the other side of the mall. I am not sure if they got a glimpse of Amy in the lingerie or not.

After buying a red silk blouse in the mall, we shopped a while longer. We then dropped by our hotel and checked in. At 7:00, we visited a seafood restaurant for dinner. The male waiter was obviously distracted by Amy's looks as he took quick glances down to the top of her 36 inch breasts. Word must have spread concerning Amy because other waiters and busboys would walk by to glance at the sex goddess sitting across the table from me. It was almost like I was eating Dinner with a celebrity. At almost 9:00, we left the restaurant and drove to the hotel for a quick shower. After freshening up in the hotel room, we drove on to the adult video store. Although Amy and I had visited this same store only last week, she was beginning to get nervous and anxious. She even expressed reservations if she could do this. I reassured her that we had planned everything and not to worry.

We quickly arrived at the video store and walked on in. Even with men staring lustfully at her, she soon became more comfortable. Her criteria for choosing a stranger was cute, young, thin and preferably muscular. Within a few minutes she had picked out a guy who met her standards. He looked to be about 25 or 26 and stood at least 6' 2". The guy looked like he could play linebacker for the Dallas Cowboys. Since the guy outweighed me by at least 30 lbs and could probably bench press at least 300 lbs, I talked Amy out of her choice. I certainly did not want a stranger who could pick me up and physically throw me out of the hotel room.

The big guy was currently the only guy in the store who Amy was attracted to, so we walked around looking at DVD's, videos and novelty items. We had browsed up and down the aisles for at least 45 more minutes until Amy spotted another guy which drew her interest. Although he was thin and short, Amy thought he was real cute. He stood about 5'7" tall and could not have weighed more than 140 lbs. He could easily passed for a high school senior. The young guy met all of Amy's requirements except for one - he wasn't particular muscular. He was looking at some mainstream videos - nothing that was particular kinky. Amy then gathered herself and mustered enough courage to approach him. 

Amy stepped up beside him and asked about the videos in his hand. With her heels on, she towered at least 4 inches above the young guy. He seemed to be uncomfortable with being approached here in the store. It's not every day that you have a girl dressed like a stripper approach you in an adult video store. I was on the next aisle over so that I could hear and see their conversation. 

Amy asked if he was attracted to the particular females in the videos he currently held in his hand. He mumbled something and then admitted that he was attracted to them. Amy cut straight to the chase and asked if he was attracted to her. He took a deep breath and told her that she was pretty. 

"Have you ever seen a live sex show?" Amy asked.

"Ah, no, no I have haven't."

"Would you like to see one, free of charge?"

"Well yea, I guess."

"Yes or no, your not gay are you?"

"Yes, I mean no. I am not gay, but yes I would like to see a live sex show."

" How would you like to see a live sex show with me having sex?"

His eyes grew as grew as big as saucers as he stared at Amy from head to toe.

Amy squeezed her boobs together underneath the halter top and said " I bet you would love to see me topless".

The young man swallowed hard and replied "Yes".

"OK, here's the deal. You see my husband over there. We currently have reserved a hotel room less than 10 minutes from here. You follow us there in your car, and then you get to come in our room and watch me strip. Then, you get to stay and watch my husband fuck my brains out. I lost a bet with my husband, so this is his fantasy - having a stranger watch us have sex. I picked you because I think your cute. My name is Amy, what's yours?"

"Kyle".

" Well Kyle, I have a pair of 36 inch tits that I would love to have you stare at. What do you think? You can even bring your videos along, and we can have them playing while you watch the live fucking."

"OK, I'll go".

"Great! I want you to meet my husband".

Amy motioned me over, and introduced me to Kyle. He was obviously uncomfortable meeting me, but I was very personable and seemed to put him more at ease. After Kyle paid for his videos, we all walked out of the store together with Amy and I getting in our rental while Kyle walked to his car. He was going to follow us, but we I also gave him the name of the hotel as well as our room number. 

After Amy and I were in the car, I told her that I was somewhat surprised with her rather aggressive approach and conversation with Kyle. My wife was certainly not the shy and demure type, but I didn't anticipate that should would practically intimidate the young guy. Amy told me that because Kyle was young as well as shorter than her ( at least in heels ) she felt very comfortable in approaching him. Amy also mentioned that having people staring at her all day like she was some sort of rock star had provided a tremendous boost to her self esteem. Kyle seemed to be very harmless, but we but double checked for our pepper spray. I carried mine in my left pant pocket while Amy had hers in her purse.

Within 10 minutes we had arrived at our hotel. Kyle pulled in immediately behind us and parked his car in the space to our left. To make sure that Kyle did not chicken out, I again shook his hand and told him that Amy looked absolutely fantastic in the nude. As Amy came around the car to join Kyle and me, I also told him that she is a fucking wild woman in the sack. Amy heard my comment, and with a seductively wicked smile replied "let's do it baby!" The hotel was one of medium size with all of the rooms opening inside to inside hallways. During the short elevator ride, Amy and I discovered that Kyle was a local college student. Amy bluntly told him that he looked so young, and then asked him how old he was. 

"I just turned 19." replied Kyle.

Amy then looked at me and gave me this "look what we found" grin. This kid was barely a year out of high school. Upon entering the hotel room, Amy winked at both of us, and disappeared into the bathroom. I then told Kyle about the bet between Amy and I, and how her Gators let her down. As the conversation drifted off into football, I could tell that Kyle was becoming more and more relaxed. Gaining Kyle's trust was going to be very important. After a few more minutes, Amy emerged from the bathroom. She had changed clothes and was now wearing a red silk blouse and a short black leather skirt. Amy still wore her sexy 4 inch heels but had covered her legs with a pair of black thigh high nylon stockings. She had left unbuttoned the 2 top buttons of the blouse. Amy asked us if we were ready for her striptease. Kyle and I both replied "YES". I sat on the edge of the bed while we sat Kyle down in a chair which we had actually brought from our house. Amy told Kyle that he was to not touch her at all whatsoever tonight; otherwise, the party was completely over.

"Do you understand that; no touching at all".

"Yes, yes I do".

"Good! I'm going to strip for you, and then you will watch me fuck!"

We positioned Kyle's chair so that it was not facing the king sized bed but rather at a right angle. With me sitting on the bed, I could watch both him as well as my wife. Without further prompting, Amy stood directly in front of Kyle and squeezed her voluptuous tits. Amy looked at both of us and said that she wanted us both to remove our shirts before she got naked. Kyle was obviously very eager as he quickly unbuttoned his red short sleeve shirt before pulling his T-shirt over his head. Amy then slowly unbuttoned the red silk blouse until it was completely open. Without removing the blouse, she gave us brief glimpses of the black bra beneath the blouse. The bra was sheer giving both Kyle and I brief looks at her spectacular chest and nipples. With the blouse flapping open, she danced around seductively. She really got Kyle's motor running when she placed her foot on his knee and lifted her leather skirt higher and higher until he could see her black sheer panties.

Amy saw that Kyle and I were now both boiling with lust. She suggested that we also start playing one of Kyle's adult videos. Kyle's head sunk as he realized that he had left the videos in his car. He quickly put on his shirt and left the room to retrieve the videocassettes. Amy and I had brought a 13" TV/VCR from home, so we were glad that he had chosen videos rather than DVDs. We had not brought a DVD player with us. We sat the TV/VCR on the dresser. Amy asked me if she thought that Kyle was a virgin. I told her that I wasn't sure. She said that she was going to ask him. Kyle quickly returned and placed one of the tapes in the VCR. After Kyle sat back down and removed his shirt , Amy continued her sexy striptease by allowing Kyle to take off her blouse while carefully avoiding any touching . Amy stood in front of him with her hands on her hips while Kyle stared intently at her chest.

Amy stepped back from the both of us and told us to remove our pants. In less than 10 seconds, Kyle and I were down to our underwear. Amy was in complete control of Kyle, and I could tell that she was enjoying this immensely. It is absolutely amazing the amount of power a gorgeous half naked woman has over guys. Amy and I both noticed the erection that had formed beneath Kyle's underwear. To continue the striptease, Amy stepped out of her leather skirt revealing the sheer black panties. She stepped even closer to Kyle so that she was standing between his legs. She then pulled the panties tight so that her pussy lips were clearly seen under the thin material. Kyle very lightly touched her thigh. Amy was quick to notice the touch.

"You touched me."

"Oh. I'am sorry. I forgot; I will not do it again."

"Well, the party's over because I had told you that you could not touch me".

"It will not happen again. I promise."

Amy pulled her skirt back on, and then picked her silk blouse off the floor. I was not surprised because this was part of our grand scheme. Amy buttoned up her blouse and told Kyle and I to put our clothes back on. Kyle was now practically begging saying again that he forgot, and that it was just a light touch on her leg. It wasn't like he had grabbed her boobs or anything. I asked Amy to reconsider since things had been going so well. 

"No, party's over. Sorry Kyle, but rules are rules." said Amy.

I asked Amy if there was anyway possible that we could continue. She looked at both of us and said that there was only one way, and if Kyle agreed to this, she would continue the striptease and then fuck me. 

Kyle asked " What is it. What do you want me to do?"

"The only way you will ever see me naked and fucking my husband is if you let us handcuff you to that chair."

As Amy spoke, she pointed to the chair we had brought from home that Kyle had already been sitting in. Kyle looked at the chair and obviously began to think this through. 

"Kyle, you know we not going to hurt you or anything. Amy and I are both completely harmless. There are millions of guys out there who would love to see Amy naked. You get not only that, but also get to see her cunt stuffed with cock. You will not want to miss seeing her pussy. I will not give you the details, but she can do things with her pussy that very few women can do. Also, on top of all that, I may also drill her in the ass. Have you ever had anal sex?"

"No."

"Well, it is an incredible feeling."

After looking at Amy's foxy body one more time, Kyle agreed. I told him that he was not going to regret this. Kyle had already put his pants back on, so Amy quickly told him to take them back off. Clad only in his underwear, Kyle sat back down in the chair. I pulled a pair of handcuffs from Amy's purse and gently cuffed his wrists to the back of the chair. Amy noticed that the x -rated movie on the VCR was getting interesting. A very buxom brunette was bouncing up and down on some lucky guy's cock. The brunette was facing the camera which gave us an excellent view of her shapely legs, pussy, chest and face. Amy turned the volume up and asked Kyle if he liked that actress.
