 For Elenia, who graciously helped me to vastly improve my very first stories, and inspired this one.

* * *

Yuuka sat nervously at the table, looking around at all of the elegant, and older, couples. She'd never been to a restaurant this expensive, nothing even close. Everyone was well dressed, overdressed, she thought, with jewelry and fine but simple gowns or suits or sport coats. There didn't appear to be anyone in the restaurant less than twice her age. She felt too obviously out of place. She self consciously smoothed her own emerald green dress and adjusted her long back hair, trying to remove any tiny imperfections, as if they might draw more attention to her.

Yuuka was relieved, and felt sweetly pampered, when Mr. Gairden ordered her meal for her. She couldn't read the menu, which had put her into a mild state of panic. It was entirely in French, without any translations. Yuuka had already planned to simply order anything inexpensive, to be polite, but the menu didn't even have prices. She wondered how expensive that meant it all would be.

"You look lovely, tonight, Yukka," he told her.

Yuuka smiled demurely, as she looked down at the white table cloth, trying to think of something to say in return. She was finally here, finally on a real date with her magnificent lover, and she couldn't even speak to him. It was exasperating.

"You sound lovely, tonight," she said, then immediately blushed, silently scolding herself for saying something so silly.

Mr. Gairden grinned at her. She couldn't tell if he was laughing at her, or pleased at what she'd said.

Either way, she loved to see him smile, almost as much as she loved listening to him speak, and she would have said it over again for that reason.

She looked around, deciding that he was the sexiest man in the place. She wouldn't trade him for anyone here, or anyone anywhere. His hand rested on the table in front of her. Yuuka reach out to take it. He'd rarely touched her in public, except for light touches on her shoulders whenever he had held her chair for her to be seated at lunch, and dinner tonight. He responded eagerly, with his large hand completely smothering and squeezing hers.

"I have something for you," he said.

Yuuka beamed an eager smile at him. He bit his lip in response, adding a small frown.

"It's only something very small. It's not much at all," he said. "But I couldn't very well give you a flower."

With that, Mr. Gairden laid a piece of red and pink and white decorative paper on the table in front of Yuuka. It was more than a piece of paper. it was an origami heart the size of a credit card, intricately and neatly folded. As Yuuka picked it up, softly smiling, she noticed that it had a small flap, one that opened like a door. Inside the paper was white, and Mr. Giarden had written some words in large, flowing script.

"For the flower that's blooming in my heart," the words said.

Yuuka looked into Mr. Gairden's wonderfully deep blue eyes, wondering what he was going to do with her this evening. The heart was nice. It was sweet, if corny. The sex was better, though. The sex was everything.

"It took me about a hundred tries," he told her. "I had no idea origami was so hard to do."

Yuuka hoped he would try a hundred times, at least, with her, too.

* * *

"I teach American Literature at the University of Edinburgh," Yuuka heard him tell her mother, as sat behind the counter, pretending to read.

"How boring," her mother told him with a flirtatious smile.

"Oh, no, not at all. American writing is fascinating. There isn't much to study, compared with the volume of works of the european civilizations. I must admit I'm treated as the poor fellow on the lit staff. A sort of second class citizen. But I find American literature surprisingly varied and resilient. There's a certain youthful innocence to it all. It's far more adventurous than european literature."

Yuuka listened to the words, but mostly she just listened to his voice. She wished he would talk more when he took her. She could listen to him all day. She should take his money and give it back to him, she thought. She should pay him to simply sit in the shop all day and talk for her pleasure.

She smiled, too, at what her mother would do if she knew what else he did for her pleasure.

* * *.

Yuuka turned the store sign on the window to read "closed", from the outside, which meant the word showing inside, to them, was "open". She'd already turned the overhead lights off, so the store was only dimly lit by the lights still glowing in the side display cases. She'd turn those off later, when they left. They would provide just enough light with which to see. 

He'd taken her so many times now, in so many different ways. Each Tuesday evening he came to her, just at closing. He ravaged her, and she did as she was told, and as often as not the odd stranger watched in silence through the windows, from a distance. Yuuka loved Tuesdays.

Mr. Gairden waited patiently for her now beside the register.

"Don't lock the door," he told her.

Yuuka froze with her hand on the bolt, wondering why they would leave it unlocked this time. It didn't matter. With the main lights out and the sign turned, no one would even try to wander in. Still, she would have felt better if they were locked in together.

She returned to stand before him.

"Unbutton your blouse, flower," he said.

She tried not to hesitate before reaching up, casually, she hoped, to undo the topmost button of her cream silk blouse. As much as he'd done with her, and to her, and as much as she wanted it and more, she still found herself feeling awkward and uncomfortable with him. 

She slowly, somewhat bashfully, undid the next two buttons, until her forest green bra was exposed. It was one of her finest, with lace trim around the edges. She'd bought it just for him, and carefully chosen it for this evening. She would have been sorely disappointed if he hadn't come to her this evening, while she wore it.

"That's enough," he said.

Yuuka paused, and then dropped her hands to her sides. Mr. Gairden reached forward with a single finger. He used the back of one knuckle to trace a path along her breasts, from left to right, just above the top edge of her bra. It felt wonderful, and it was torture, because it was so subtle, and yet just the beginning. His knuckle was hard and unyielding, but his touch was gentle and thrilling. She felt her pulse, already racing, pick up speed, thundering throughout her, quickly warming every part of her body. She felt herself already shamefully wet.

At first she had stared, shyly, at a spot over his shoulder as he caressed her. His hand opened, drifting further inside her blouse. His finger tips brushed the lacy fabric covering her left breast, as his palm gently brushed the tip of her nipple. She looked down to watch his hand exploring her.

A single finger slipped itself between her bra and her skin, instantly sending a bolt of pleasure through her breast. The finger stretched the cup of the bra, pulling it away from her flesh and down, just below her nipple. That nipple was hard and pointed, sticking out wantonly toward her lover. It was the nipple of a slut. That bold thought thrilled Yuuka almost as much as his touch.

Mr. Gairden lowered his mouth to it to take it gently between his lips. Yuuka closed her eyes, fighting back a moan, as the heat of his tongue found her and he sucked her tit hard into his mouth. Then the sensation was gone.

"All of it," Mr. Gairden said suddenly, standing up straight. "Let me see all of you, child."

He stepped back several steps. Yuuka was suddenly ashamed again. She'd never been naked before him. He'd always left her her modesty, even as he kissed and licked and fucked her ruthlessly. She'd always kept on whatever clothes she could. She'd only completely surrendered her ass, and her cunt, to him.

He wanted her to strip for him. He wanted to enjoy the sight of her body. She'd never done this before, with anyone. Even when she'd been with boys, it had been dark, or under covers, or just so frantic and entwined that it was all touching and groping, without taking time to look, or be seen.

Yuuka moved her hand to the next button fastened on her blouse.

"No," Mr. Gairden said, interrupting her. "Your jeans first."

Yuuka slipped her shoes and socks off, feeling awkward. After, she stood and looked again at that spot on the wall, over his shoulder, as her hands dropped to the clasp in front of her jeans. She undid it slowly, not to be sensual, but simply out of nervousness. The last thing she wanted to do was to fumble with it.

When the clasp and zipper were undone, she worked her jeans down her thighs. They were tight. She liked wearing tight jeans for Mr. Gairden, because he loved the shape of her ass so much. It made them harder to pull down, so she needed to wiggle from side to side to lower them. As she did, Mr. Gairden walked slowly around her, watching her from a continually changing angle, until he stood behind her looking at her ass.

She felt herself blush as she stepped out of them.

"Blouse," his voice commanded from behind her.

Yuuka quickly undid the remaining buttons on her blouse. She slowly eased it off of her shoulders. The silk brushed against her ever so gently as the blouse slipped down her back and arms and to the floor. She could feel Mr. Gairden's eyes on her.

"Panties," he said.

Yuuka took a deep breath as she tucked her thumbs into the waistband of her green panties, a lacy match to her bra. She cast a quick glance outside, to see if the stranger, or anyone else, was watching. The street was empty. It was late. The lights inside the store were gratefully dimmer this time, too, but she was still clearly visible through the tall storefront windows. Anyone could watch the show Mr. Gairden commanded her to perform for him. 

"Panties," he said, more sternly.

Yuuka pushed her panties down, slowly wiggling again to get them to a point where they fell on their own to the floor. She stepped delicately out of them and stood anxiously still, waiting for Mr. Gairden to tell her what to do next.

He walked up behind her, just over her shoulder, where he placed one feather kiss, followed by another, on the side of her neck. He walked in front of her then. There was a single red rose in his hand.

He stood before her, close to her, looking down on her. 

"Bra," he said.

Trembling, Yuuka reached behind her to unhook the bra. She tried to look into his eyes, but it took all of her strength of will. She felt herself trembling even more as she did it, and she scolded herself for being so childish. She wanted this. He wanted this. He liked her. Why was she trembling?

The bra snapped free as soon as she released it. She reached carefully up to her shoulder, sliding first one strap, then the other, off of her shoulders. She hesitated there, with her arms crossed, holding the bra in place. She didn't know why she was still so frightened when she was with him.

"Let it go, child."

Thoroughly embarrassed now at her own hesitance, she let her arms fall, and the bra fall with it. She felt a hint of pride that she'd stared into his beautiful blue eyes throughout this final ordeal. It made it easier, she realized. She loved the look of desire and admiration in his eyes as they fell to her small, young breasts, and the rest of her completely naked form.

Mr. Gairden inched forward, stopping just short of her. The rose came up and brushed the underside of her breast. Yuuka closed her eyes at the unexpected sensation.

Flowers, the petals of flowers, are surprisingly soft. Yuuka worked with them all day, arranging them, moving them, selling them. She knew they were soft, and fragrant, and colorful. But she had never touched herself with one, at least not on purpose, certainly not in any place as sensitive as her breast. 

She felt her breathing quicken as the rose traced a gentle course around the outer edges of her breast, then in and around and across her nipple. With her eyes still closed, she focused on her other senses. The soft petals raced to explore her other breast, then wandered lazily over her belly to her thigh. It slipped down toward her wet opening, then detoured gracefully back up toward her belly button. It continued up, between her breasts, to her neck, where it slipped from side to side. She could smell it there, a soft, sweet, distant fragrance.

Then it was gone.

She heard Mr. Gairden walk behind her again, to the low bench they used to display the larger arrangements in the store. Her mother believed flowers looked more natural down near the ground, where they grew, and belonged. Yuuka watched as Mr. Gairden removed the vases and displays from the bench, then dusted some dried petals from the covering gold blanket that they used as a backdrop.

"Lie here," he told her.

Yuuka obeyed.

* * *

Mr. Gairden knelt at the girl's feet. His darling Yuuka lay back before him on the bench, with her legs spread to either side, and her sweet young cunt delightfully beckoning to him. It glistened with moisture from her excitement. The sight of it pleased him deeply. He rumbled, deep in his throat, to show his appreciation for her.

Her pubic hair was black, and straight, without a hint of curl. He let the rose petals brush across her pubic mound, first around the edges of her pubic hair, then right along her slit, touching her glorious cunt lips. They looked like thick, fleshy, pink flower petals themselves, he thought. She rewarded his caress with a simple squeal, one she elegantly fought back.

He fought his own urge to dive on her then, to bury his tongue in her and bring her to orgasm as quickly as he could. He wanted to be slow and gentle with her tonight. He wanted to make it last. He forced himself to explore her with the flower, teasing the insides of her thighs, her stomach, and mostly her sweet, glistening cunt lips.

Mr. Gairden stood up, putting the flower to his nose and inhaling loudly, smelling it's fragrance, now spiced with the smell of her cunt. He made a show, for Yuuka, of sternly unbuckling and dropping his pants, releasing his straining cock from its prison, staring intensely into her eyes the whole while. He stood before her then, with the rose in his hand, and his cock reaching out to his eager young lover.

"Do you like cock, Yuuka?" he asked.

She stared at him, bashfully wide eyed and silent.

"Do you like cock?" he asked again, more firmly.

"Yes." 

Her reply was quiet and restrained.

"Do you like cock, child?"

"Yes," she said, still barely audibly.

"Louder."

"Yes."

"Say the words."

"I like your cock," Yuuka whispered, timidly closing her eyes as she spoke.

"No, child. Not my cock. Cock. All cock. Say it."

He'd made that demand as harsh as he could.

"I like cock," she whispered.

"Again."

"I like cock," she said, her voice louder, but trembling.

* * *

Yuuka lay on her back, both mortified and electrified at her own words. It was what he wanted her to say, what he demanded, but she still felt dirty saying it. Admitting to it, she thought. That made it even harder. He had taught her that she loved his cock. Now she knew that he was right, that it wasn't just his cock, it was all cock, any cock.

She lay on her back, naked, with her eyes squeezed shut like a child hiding from an unseen monster in the dark, as she obediently told him what he wanted to hear, and what she knew was true.

"I like all cock," she said, with more pride than she thought she ever could. She embarrassed and excited herself further with her growing eagerness.

The sound of the bell at the door startled her out of her thoughts. She jerked up onto her elbows, anxiously turning her head to see who'd come in, frantically hoping it wasn't her mother checking up on her.

It was the stranger.

"Lay down, child," Mr. Gairden said.

She looked at him, then back at the stranger. Yuuka stayed there, tense, resting on one elbow, slowly realizing that she lay naked and exposed before both men. She unthinkingly lifted one leg to hide her sex, while moving her other arm to cover her breasts. At the same moment she silently castigated herself for being silly. The stranger had seen most of her, and must have been watching until now. He had already seen her do things far more wicked than lying naked on a bench. 

And she had enjoyed having him watch her.

"Lay down, child," Mr. Gairden repeated.

Yuuka lay back down, but didn't take her eyes off of the stranger. She was startled when she felt Mr. Gairden's tongue indelicately invade her pussy, thrusting suddenly between her cunt lips. He pressed his lips hard against her, as his tongue tried eagerly to dive as deeply into her as it could. Yuuka bit back a cry while watching in mild fear as the stranger began to unbuckle his own belt.

In moments he stood there, naked below the waist, with his own hard cock hovering just a few steps away. Yuuka realized that she was no longer biting back her cries, as she stared at him, and Mr. Gairden's tongue worked on her ruthlessly.

"Tell him about cock, child," Mr. Gairden's voice trilled deeply from between her legs.

When Yuuka hesitated, Mr. Gairden thrust a finger into her cunt. Yuuka yelped once, softly, then issued a strangled cry as Mr. Gairden withdrew that finger to press it against and then thrust it into her asshole.

"Tell him," he commanded.

"I love cock," Yuuka whispered, staring straight at the stranger's thick, stiff shaft.

Mr. Gairden thrust two fingers into her then, one each in her cunt and ass. He savagely maneuvered them inside of her, indelicately massaging her, as he lowered his mouth to her clit, sucking on it aggressively.

"I love cock," Yuuka said, more loudly. "I love cock. I love cock."

She tried to repeat it for him, for both of them. She tried to do as she was told, as well as she could, as Mr. Gairden brought her eager cunt to life with his fingers and his mouth. The stranger stepped over, so that his cock was just above her face.

"I love cock," she said again, realizing that it was easy to say. It was the most natural thing in the world for her to say. "I love cock."

"Suck it, child," Mr. Gairden said.

She'd known that was coming. She was inexperienced, but not stupid. What frightened her was how much she wanted to, and how quickly she would have, even if she hadn't been told. But it made it easier to do when she had been told to, especially since she'd never done it before. Yuuka had never had a chance to suck cock. She had never tried, and no one had ever made her do it, until now.

Yuuka reached up, with her mouth open, as Mr. Gairden continued to work on her yearning cunt and ass. She leaned on her elbows as she reached out toward the side of the man's shaft with her tongue. She carefully, timidly traced the length of it, back and forth with her tongue's very tip. Unconsciously, she spread her legs further, urging Mr. Gairden to invade her cunt and her ass more thoroughly.

It took her a while to get comfortable. Eventually she let her lips touch the stranger's cock, too. She repeated her motions, using her lips and tongue together, no longer timidly, to trace the length of his shaft back and forth. She felt it's hot, tight flesh against her mouth. She smelled his musky sweat and lust. All the while, she listened to the sounds of Mr. Gairden licking and probing her pussy and ass, and the stranger humming in encouragement. The combination of sensations was burning her mind away.

The more Mr. Gairden touched her, the bolder Yuuka became, but not quickly enough for his liking.

"Suck it, child. Suck it. Show him you love to suck it," he told her firmly, then returned himself to sucking on the throbbing button of her clitoris, showing her how she would make the stranger feel.
