 It had been a long business trip. And it had been a boring business trip.

There's only so much to do when you've got to spend a week in a hotel in the back end of the Midwest at a legal conference with very few women of sexual merit in attendance.

This was my first free evening and I was looking for a little release.

The Holiday Inn where I was staying had a pool and a hot tub and I was in a hurry to take a long relaxing dip deep in the warm water, before finding something more engaging to occupy my time. So, I tugged my swimming trunks up my powerful, ripped body, picked up a towel and my motel keycard, opened the door and stepped out into the hall.

But when I did, I connected literally with a miraculous vision.

The apparition was so bold as to make a gay man wonder why he didn't want to fuck pussy. And it was coming down the hall toward me. A long, tall drink of water with legs that went from here to there. Statuesque. Brunette. Amazing tits. I couldn't even blink.

All of which was followed not far behind by a tall fellow who was easily as jacked as me.

The angel smiled at him as they passed me by.

I couldn't help myself; my head was drawn to her as if by a magnet. It swiveled as I followed her past me and I watched them stop at the hotel room door next to mine. The man unlocked the door with his keycard. And I was momentarily embarrassed as they nodded at me before they walked into their room, letting the door shut behind them.

From that moment on, my mind was filled with the images of my new female neighbor as I headed toward the elevator door to take me down to the pool. I had to hold the towel in front of me as I walked to hide the boner that had erupted in my trunks.

The trouble with being away on business is that being in an unfamiliar town seriously decreases the pussy factor; that is to say, the likelihood of landing any. I was alone and now feeling really horny. And now I really wanted a fuck like no one's business. My earlier dinner had put me in a harmonious frame of mind, and I figured after my swim and soak in the hotel hot tub I would go out to a couple of the bars and I could always jack off to a porn movie rental back in the hotel room as a last resort to relieve some tension before hitting the hay for the night.

When I reached the pool and hot tub area, I found it was located in a glassed in building beside the main part of the hotel, and I fortunately discovered that it was deserted. I took off my towel and set it and the keycard down on a bench near the hot tub. I wanted to just soak in the warm water.

Slowly, ever so, I eased myself into the bubbling warm water and found it was hot enough to suit. Gasping involuntarily just a bit as the hot water soaked through my swim trunks, causing me to reach down and grasp my balls. I slid down neck deep in the water and sat back on the little seat, leaning back and closing my eyes as the heat soaked into my body, massaging my muscles.

I closed my eyes and lay there. I'm not sure how much time passed.

"Hi, neighbor," I heard a sultry voice say through the fog.

I opened my eyes with a start at the unexpected noise and realized that I must have dozed off for a second, because I hadn't heard anyone come in. Looking up, I saw the vision herself and her husband standing at the edge of the tub.

"May we join you?" he asked me.

"Sure," I said and grinned at them like a stray puppy dog.

The vision had on one of the skimpiest bikinis I have ever seen outside of a strip show, and believe me I've seen a lot of women in a lot of bikinis in a lot of places. Her breasts were large and full, barely covered by the two small triangles of cloth held in place with a string tied around her torso and two more strings coming from the top of each triangle and joined behind her neck. The bottom of the bikini was a small wisp of cloth which barely covered her pussy. In fact, you could see some of the skin around her cunt that had been freshly shaven.

I guessed her age to be early thirties, and her skin, of which I could see just about all of it, was beautifully tanned and flawless. If my hands were to run across it, I expected it would be smooth as a baby's ass. She looked younger though.

The fellow she was with, who showed his maturity, wore a pair of zip-up the front trunks similar to the ones I was wearing. This guy was a darker bronze in color than the angel and I couldn't help but notice the package he was sporting. Normally, I didn't pay much attention to male equipment, but what this guy was sporting was hard to ignore.

He must be really hung.

I almost laughed. This girl would probably flip if she knew that I was even larger than her fellow appeared to be. And, I too was in as equally great shape as he was. To be frank I was actually in even better shape, mostly from hitting the gym hard and plenty of running, cycling and surfing. And I was much younger; my thick muscles flush with youth.

The woman stepped down into the water and slid down into a seat facing me. The man gasped when his balls contacted with the water as I had. She laughed at him as he eased himself down and sat beside her.

The woman leaned back, letting her long legs extend out in front of her towards me. Her large breasts appeared to be floating on the surface of the water, the thin material covering them, clearly outlining her nipples. I didn't think twice about checking them out, but I didn't want to appear too obvious when I realized that I was staring. Quickly, I glanced at her eyes to see if she had noticed. I knew from the gleam I found there that she was very aware of what I'd been looking at. And rightfully proud of it too. Glancing at her bloke, I saw a smile plastered on his face. I guess I wasn't as surprised as I pretended to be by my guilty reaction. I'd fucked a lot of men's wives and girlfriends in my time, usually at their request, so I knew that guys enjoyed showing off their girls to other guys. This guy had nothing to be ashamed about; his girl was hot, hot, hot!

"Nice pair of tits aren't they?" he asked me with a shit eating grin.

Before I could respond his wife said to me, "Don't let him embarrass you. He likes to watch the expressions on other men's faces when they know they've been caught staring at my boobs."

"Those aren't boobs, honey," he barked at her, "Those are tits."

He chuckled, "Don't you agree?" he asked me.

I gave him back every bit of the grin he'd given me.

"I certainly do," I said, and smiled at this woman, "And don't worry, it takes a lot more than a pair of tits to embarrass me."

"I'm Ann and this is Ted, my husband," Ann said by way of introducing themselves.

"I'm Marc," I replied, "So I guess our rooms are next door to each other."

"Yeah," Ted said, "When Ann looked out the window and saw you come in here, after seeing you in the hall, she talked me into coming down to join you."

"It didn't take much talking," she laughed, "All I have to do is jiggle my tits or wiggle my ass and he'll do anything."

She grinned at me.

"I don't blame him," I said, laughing in turn.

"Yeah, these things will get you anything you want from me," Ted said, reaching over and squeezing the nearest breast through the thin bikini top.

"How about it, Marc, wouldn't you do almost anything for a look at a pair of tits like these?"

"Yeah, I guess I would," I agreed pleasantly.

"Anything?" Ann raised her eyebrows.

I stared as Ted reached behind her neck and untied the strings holding the two small triangles up. Then, taking hold of one string, he slowly pulled it down, gradually exposing her breast to our gaze. I saw that she had no tan line as Ted pulled the material down off of her nipple. That nipple was dark, standing out against the lightly tanned flesh around it, and she was obviously excited because the nipple was hard and erect. Ted slid his hand up and cupped her breast, squeezing and manipulating it.

"Your nipples are hard," he said, pinching it between his thumb and forefinger.

"So is your dick," she said, sliding her hand over to him under the water.

"Is Marc's dick hard?" Ted asked her.

She extended a foot, and slid it right up between my legs, feeling my crotch with the bottom of her foot.

"It sure is, and he's at least as well hung as you are!" she gasped in surprise.

"You're kidding!" Ted said.

"She told me in the room that you were well equipped," he told me, "She sizes up every man she meets."

I couldn't believe the turn of luck I was having here.

Ann was sliding her foot up and down the length of my dick, which was by this time at full mast, standing straight up against the material of my bathing suit.

Ted had both of his wife's breasts uncovered and was massaging them right there in front of me. And judging by the movement of her shoulders, she was playing with his dick under the water.

"Why don't you move over here where you can see my tits better, Marc?" she suggested.

I wasn't about to pass up this kind of invitation, especially not on a night when the opportunity for pussy had seemed no more real than it did in a teenage boy's wet dream. One look at Ted grinning at me and I knew I had his approval. So I slid over into a seat next to Ann on the other side of Ted. My gaze went to the ponderous tits floating above the surface of the water.

Ann's hand touched my leg. She slid her hand down to the inside of my thigh and up to my crotch. Her fingers traced the bulge in my bathing suit, all the way from the base to where the tip of my dick was trying to push its way out the top of the waistband of my suit. She squeezed my dick through the material.

"Ted, you wouldn't believe the size of this man's dick!" she told her husband.

"Is it out of his bathing suit yet?" Ted asked her.

"No," Ann giggled, "But it's trying to get out all by itself."

"Well, Marc," Ted asked me, as he reached down under the water and obviously unfastened his own suit, "Why don't you let the poor thing out?"

"Yeah," Ann said, her right arm moving as she obviously manipulated her husband's prick with one hand while she continued to squeeze mine with the other, "I'd like that."

"C'mon, Marc...time to get your dick out," Ann said frankly.

I unfastened my suit and unzipped it. My dick sprang out through the opening into Ann's waiting hand.

"Wow!" Ann gasped, wrapping her hand around it and sliding her fist up and down along the shaft.

"Ted, this thing really is bigger than yours!"

"How about it, Marc," he said to me in a mischievous voice, "Would you really do almost anything to get hold of these tits?"

"Well...," I hesitated, not wanting to commit myself to anything just yet in case these two were into any freaky shit.

"Maybe we had better explain," Ann said to me matter of factly, "We have had this fantasy for some time, and this is the first time we have had a chance to live it out. Ted wants to watch me make it with another man. And I want to get thoroughly screwed while he watches. So, how about it? Are you willing to get it on with me while he watches?"

"Are you kidding," I said, unable to believe my ears. "Of course!"

"Great," Ted said satisfied, "Let's go back to the room where we won't be interrupted."

Ann quickly pulled her bikini top up and retied it behind her neck, adjusting the two patches of cloth over her tits. I carefully zipped my bathing suit up over my enormous hardon, struggling to accomplish this in haste without injuring myself.

"Come on, guys," Ann said, standing up.

Ted and I both rose to our feet.

"You guys are gonna have to carry your towels in front of you," she giggled, amused by the highly aroused states we found ourselves in.

With Ann snuggled between us, we headed to the elevator. As the doors closed, and the elevator started to move, Ann suddenly reached down and slid her hand behind the protection my towel was affording me.

"Just checking to be sure it's still hard," she told me.

Ted laughed outright and I smiled, maybe I even blushed a little.

When we entered the room, we all stood and stared at each other for a few moments.

I decided to break the silence, "Why don't Ann and I get acquainted Ted?"

"Sounds like a good idea," he replied, "I gotta go take a piss anyway."

He disappeared into the bathroom.

Ann's reaction was immediate. She moved up against me, and I put my arms around her waist and kissed her. As we kissed, I felt her lips part and her tongue flick the end of my tongue. Soon we were French kissing madly and my hands were sliding up and down her back. When our lips finally parted, I looked into her eyes.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked her.

"You bet," she replied, rubbing her bare belly against my hardon, which bulged out in the front of my bathing suit.

I grinned lasciviously and slid my hands down her body, cupping the cheeks of her ass and pulling her against me. She put her arms around my neck and kissed me again. I slid one hand up to the back of her neck and untied the string. When our lips parted, I pulled my head back and looked down at her body. The bikini top was sort of hanging on the end of her hard nipples. Ann giggled and shook her tits, causing the material to slide completely down and off of them, exposing the two pendulous spheres to my eyes.

I had to kiss her again, and I did, letting one hand slide up under her arm and around onto her breast. I cupped the soft skin in my hand, feeling the warm firmness nestle into my palm. Then I squeezed and massaged it, working from the base out to her hard jutting nipples.

Ted chose that moment to come back into the bedroom from the bathroom.

"Don't mind me," he told us with a jovial grin.

He went over and sat down in a chair by the bed, watching us. If he expected me to be nervous or shy, he was in for a surprise. I handled this kind of thing all the time, and his presence made no difference to me.

So I resumed kissing my way down Ann's neck and down over the tops of her sloping breasts. I ran my tongue around the hard nipple itself, and then took it between my lips, sucking it into my mouth. Ann gasped with pleasure as I sucked on it.

While I sucked her tit, I slid a hand down her hip and down onto her thigh. My hand moved around between her thighs and slowly slid up between her warm, soft legs until I had my hand palming her pussy through her bikini bottom. My fingers slipped up and down along her crack, feeling her heat through the thin material.

I could feel her clit protruding from between the tops of her cunt lips. So I slid my hand down inside the top of the bikini bottom and down to the top of her slit. She was beautifully shaven and silky soft.

My finger dipped down into the top edge of her slit, finding her hard protruding clit waiting. I rolled it with my finger, bringing a gasp of pleasure from her lips. Then I slid my finger further down into her moist lips, feeling the juices flowing around my finger as I found her hole and inserted the tip of my finger.

Suddenly, she pulled away from me and reached down and quickly slipped the bottom of the bikini off, letting it fall to the floor. Then she aggressively unfastened my bathing suit, unzipping it. My rod sprang out through the opening into her hand.

"Ohhhhhhhh, yes," she sighed loudly, wrapping her fingers around my thick cock before her and sliding her hand up and down the nearly ten inch length of my shaft.

"Look at this, Ted," she asked, "Isn't this a beauty?"

"It sure is," Ted agreed.

Glancing over, I saw that Ted had a beauty of his own. He had unfastened his suit and was stroking a huge boner, his hand sliding up and down along a shaft that was ever so slightly less thick than mine, but nowhere near as long. His length was quite average actually, maybe slightly longer.

I kissed Ann again, my hands sliding all over her tits as her hand worked wonders on my dick. I kissed my way down the front of her magnificent breasts. Then I lifted one to my lips, kissing and licking the large hard nipple. I sucked the brown circle into my mouth, causing a gasp to come from her parted lips. As I continued to suck her tits, I slid a hand up between her legs. She parted them as I gently inserted a fingertip into her slit, searching back between her legs for her pussy hole. When I reached her juicy gap, I slid a fingertip inside, and then began to finger her, working my finger farther and farther up as I went.

Suddenly, Ann pushed my head away from her breasts and pulled my finger out of her pussy. Pulling me by the dick, she led me to the side of the bed, right in front of the chair where Ted sat. She sat down on the bed and pulled me up in front of her.

Bending forward, she pulled my dick to her mouth. She licked the big engorged head, running her tongue all around the slit at the end, which was leaking clear precum. I groaned as she sucked the head into her mouth. Pressing forward, she began to work it deeper and deeper into her mouth, until at least half of my dick had disappeared between her lips. Then she slid her mouth back, sucking as my dick reappeared from her lips. Her head began to move back and forth as she sucked vigorously on my cock.

Ted had risen to his feet and was standing beside me, watching his wife's mouth as she sucked my big dick. Ted was still stroking his hard on as he watched the scene.

Finally, Ann released my dick from her mouth and leaned back, supporting herself on her elbows. I dropped to my knees in front of her, my lips tracing their way up the soft inside of her thighs. She groaned when my lips reached her smooth shaven pussy. I licked up and down her crack, delving my tongue down into her slit and tasting her juices. She pulled her legs up and spread them wide, propping her heels on the bed rail.

I was sucking her pussy in earnest now, licking and nibbling on her clit, and swinging my tongue up and down the full length of her pussy. She was moaning and groaning in ecstasy.

Ted, standing beside us watching, seemed to be enjoying it almost as much as either she or I were.

"For a young stud," breathed Ann to Ted, "He sure knows his way around."

Suddenly, Ann grabbed my head and pulled my mouth hard against her pussy. She let out a rebel yell as she came, my lips still fastened around her clit. But, finally, she released my head and dropped back on the bed, flat on her back, her legs still spread wide.

"Fuck her, man," Ted instructed me.

I couldn't agree with him any more. I stood up and moved my body up between Ann's widespread legs. Taking my manhood in my hand, I rubbed the head up and down on her wide open slit, bashing her clit a few times for effect, and then lowered the top of my head to the entrance of her hole. Pressing forward, I watched my shaft slowly start to disappear up into her cunt.

Ann groaned as I slid slowly, but smoothly up inside her. At about the half way point, I had to pull back and press forward again and this time I continued to press forward until my pubic hair was pressed tightly against her smooth lips. My hard dick was finally totally buried in her hot, wet pussy.

"Wow!" Ted breathed, standing beside us.

He was looking down at his wife's pussy as I slowly withdrew my dick, sliding out until only the head was inside, then reversed direction and pushed it back up into her again. I began to screw her vigorously, my hips working as I pumped that big piston in and out of her hungry engine.

Ann raised her legs and wrapped them around my waist tightly. I bent over her, supporting myself on my elbows and I fucked her. Ted moved directly behind us, squatting down and watching my dick slide in and out of Ann's pussy. Her lips hungrily gripping me with each thrust.

I felt Ann's hands on my back, sliding up and down my bunched muscles. Then her hands were on the hard flesh of my ass, pulling and pushing as I fucked her.
