 For every skill that exists, there is someone who is better at that particular skill than everyone else in the world. It is simply a matter of logic. Whether it is sprinting one hundred meters, hurling a baseball sixty feet, driving an automobile, or even eating hot dogs, someone, right now, is the best in the world at that particular skill. This is the story of one of those remarkable people.

 *** 

 "Oh, yeah, gimme that big cock!"

 "You like that, baby? You like that big cock, don't you, you dirty little whore?"

 The well-built man's unusually large and glistening cock slid effortlessly into the woman's vagina, slowly and methodically. The woman moaned and squeezed her voluptuous breasts while the man leaned back to admire the view. He grabbed one of her shapely legs and pushed it further upward, exposing an even better view as he continued to slide his cock in and out at a steady rhythm.

 The slender heels of her crimson-colored heels pointed toward the ceiling as the man picked up his pace and thrust into her harder and faster. The woman responded with a high-pitched yelp, and squeezed her breasts together. She slid a hand down her body, and her slender fingers with matching crimson nail polish made a swirling motion over her clit. She emitted another yelp and thrashed her head back and forth in dramatic fashion. Her long, light-blonde hair, feathered perfectly and meticulously, obscured her pretty face with each movement.

 "Cut!" a man suddenly shouted from the darkness of the small room.

 The man lying on top of the woman groaned and rolled off of her, his cock throbbing and wet. The woman rested her heels on the bed and propped herself up on her elbows.

 "Good work," the director stated. "Now, let's get set up for the anal shot. Amber, are you prepped?"

 "Of course, Eugene," the woman responded with a roll of her eyes.

 "Okay, then, let's get makeup in here," Gene said. He looked toward the male actor. "Rod, you just sit tight. It'll only take a minute."

 Rod sighed, and sat cross-legged on the bed, absent-mindedly stroking his cock. A woman quickly entered the room and touched up the female star's lipstick and facial powder. Amber then flipped over onto all fours, and the woman applied makeup to her buttocks, concealing blemishes and adding a pinkish tone to her anus. She gave Amber's hair a light toss with her fingers, and gave a quick spritz of hairspray before announcing her work was done.

 "Okay," Eugene announced, "let's get into position. Camera two, I want you on Amber's face. Camera one, you know what to do. Rod, take your position. Rod?"

 Rod smirked and shrugged his shoulders, casting his gaze downward. Eugene followed his line of sight, ending with Rod's hand holding a limp and lifeless dick.

 "Dammit, Rod," Eugene said. "You can't keep a fucking hard-on for a couple minutes?"

 "Well, shit, Eugene!" Rod protested. "It's three o'clock in the fucking morning! This is my second scene, and I've been up all day!"

 "Maybe if you laid off the dope while we're shooting, you'd be more alert," the director responded. Rod responded with a shrug.

 Eugene emitted a loud groan, and he checked his watch. "Amber, can you..."

 "Fuck no," the actress said, still positioned on all fours. "I just got a touch-up."

 Eugene sighed, and turned to the woman holding a light. "Mary, it looks like you're up."

 The woman appeared to be in her mid twenties, slightly overweight, with wide hips and small breasts. She was neither ugly nor attractive, and her face was obscured by large-framed glasses. Her long, curly hair sat immobile on her head like a wig.

 "Come on, Mary, we're running late," Eugene said impatiently.

 Mary removed her glasses and rubbed her eyes. She kneeled in front of Rod and took his cock into her mouth in a casual and professional manner. Rod's eyes closed, and he placed his hands behind his back out of habit. The entire length of his cock disappeared from sight, and Mary's head swiveled from side to side. He responded with a soft moan.

 As Mary continued her work, Amber waited patiently on all fours to avoid smudging her makeup. She yawned and buried her head in her hands. Eugene checked the monitors and reviewed the previous scene, while the other members of the crew busied themselves with their mundane tasks.

 Mary's head moved back and forth in front of Rod, whose eyes remained closed in intense concentration. His mouth opened, and his breathing grew heavier. Mary reached behind him and grabbed his buttocks with both hands, pulling him toward her as she increased her pace. She began moaning quietly. Her lips slid down his shaft, to the base, and back up to the head, over and over again.

 "Okay, Mary," Rod said softly. "That...that's good."

 Mary interpreted the words as encouragement to continue. She was lost in her own world, fully immersed in the act of pleasuring this man. She could feel her pussy tingling. Her right hand moved down the front of her pants and beneath her panties, and she frantically rubbed her clit as her head bobbed quicker and quicker.

 "Mary," Rod said a little more loudly. "That's good. That's enough. You need to stop!"

 It took a moment for the words to register in her brain. She suddenly realized where she was, and what she was doing. She withdrew immediately. Rod gripped his penis tightly to stop the flow, but it was too late. A powerful stream of milky-white fluid splashed across her left cheek and into the corner of her mouth. He groaned loudly in frustration as another stream streaked across the bridge of her nose and across her forehead. A third spurt hit her chin, and oozed onto the floor.

 Gene suddenly turned to face the actor. "Goddammit!" he shouted. "What the hell, Rod?"

 Rod dropped his head, cum leaking from the tip of his cock. "Shit," he muttered. Mary spun around and quickly stood on her feet, her face covered with his spunk.

 "I...I'm so sorry!" she said.

 "You just cost us an extra half hour, Mary!" Eugene shouted. "How many times have I warned you about this?"

 "I...I'm sorry, Mr. Mecklen," she implored, wiping her face with a shirt sleeve. "It won't happen again! I promise!"

 "Damn right it won't," he said, "because you're fired."

 ***

 "Good morning!" Sheila said from her seat at the small table. She held a newspaper in front of her with a photo of President Reagan on the front page. "Or, I should say, good afternoon. What time did you get in last night?"

 Mary rubbed her eyes beneath her glasses and paused for a moment as the question penetrated her groggy conscience. "About four o'clock, I think," she croaked. She went straight to the coffee maker and poured herself a cup.

 "I had a late night myself," Sheila continued. "I was out at the club."

 "Sounds like fun," Mary responded half-heartedly.

 "How is production going?"

 "Not good. I got fired."

 "Again?" Sheila said with a wide-eyed smile. "What happened?"

 Mary simply raised her eyes and gave Sheila a knowing look. Sheila's mouth gaped open, and she laughed uncontrollably.

 "Again?" she squealed. "Mary...how does this keep happening to you?"

 Mary shrugged, and took a sip of coffee. "I guess I just have a magic mouth."

 "Who has a magic mouth?" an unfamiliar man suddenly said, causing Mary to bolt upright in her seat. He strode confidently into the room, wearing nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. The hair on his head and chest was wet, and he smelled of soap.

 "Sorry, I forgot to mention we have a guest," Sheila said. "This is Troy. I met him at the club."

 "It's Tony," the man corrected, and extended his hand to Mary. "Nice to meet you."

 Mary took his hand sheepishly, suddenly self-conscious about her appearance. She wore only a tee-shirt and sweats, and her nipples were fully erect. She folded her arms in front of her to hide them.

 "So what's this about a magic mouth?" Tony said, leaning against the wall of their cramped apartment.

 "Uh...nothing," Mary muttered. "Just forget it."

 "Mary is a Production Assistant," Sheila explained with a sly grin. She had enjoyed making Mary uncomfortable since they met. She was always trying to get her roommate to step out of her comfort zone.

 "Oh yeah?" Tony said. "You're in show business? TV? Movies?"

 "Porn," Sheila stated before Mary could respond. Mary shot daggers from her eyes at her friend. Tony's jaw dropped, and his knees buckled.

 "You're kidding me! You work on porno flicks?" He was grinning from ear to ear. The whiteness of his teeth was blinding.

 Mary nodded shyly and sipped her coffee, kicking her friend under the table.

 "What's that like? That must be so exciting!" Tony gushed.

 "Not as exciting as you think," Mary explained. "It's just a job."

 "Yeah, but what an interesting job! What do you do on the set?"

 Mary hesitated, and flashed another deathly look at her friend. "A little bit of everything. I work the lighting and mics, help the producer with framing shots, help out with the set and props, supply the actors and production team with whatever they need..."

 "...help out the male actors when they need a little encouragement," Sheila teased. She winced as another kick landed at her shins.

 "Whoa!" Tony said. "You're a fluffer?"

 "I...I'm a Production Assistant," Mary stammered.

 "But you help fluff the male actors?" he pressed. "You, like, suck them off to get them ready for their scenes?"

 Mary looked from her friend to this stranger standing in her kitchen, searching for an escape route. But Sheila just grinned while Tony stared at her with anticipation. She wanted to crawl under the table, but that might give him the wrong idea.

 "I do whatever needs to be done to facilitate the production," she explained in a professional tone.

 "Ho-ly shit!" he said with a laugh. "I've always heard about fluffers, but I thought it was all just a myth!"

 "Then you're looking at a real life unicorn," Sheila said with a dramatic flourish toward her friend.

 "Well, I'll be damned," he said, shaking his head.

 Mary concentrated on her coffee, but could feel him staring at her, undoubtedly trying to discern how such an innocent-looking, mild-mannered woman could have made such a scandalous career choice. It wasn't the first time she had seen that look. It bothered her at first, but she had grown used to it. She was a modern woman of the 80's. There was no need to be ashamed of who she was.

 "So...you must be really good at what you do," he said, breaking the brief silence.

 She knew where this was going. She glanced up at him and noticed the growing bulge under his towel. He moved around to her chair and stood next to her. He traced his fingertips along the back of her neck.

 "You think maybe you could show me what you do?"

 "Tony!" Sheila shouted. "She's not gonna suck your dick, you perv!"

 "Well, why not? I mean, if she has a magic mouth, I wanna know what that feels like! What do you say, honey?"

 Mary squirmed in her seat and edged away from him. She was never comfortable with confrontations.

 "I'll tell you what," he said, still stroking her back with his fingers. "What do they pay you for a day on the set? I'll match that."

 "Hey!" Sheila shouted, standing from her chair and marching toward him. She gave him a hard shove, and he stumbled backward. "She's not a whore! She's in the fucking film industry! She's a professional!"

 Tony glared at Sheila, looked toward Mary, and then moved to the couch. He dropped his towel, and his rock-hard penis sprang forth. He grabbed his clothes and quickly dressed.

 "Whatever," he scoffed. "I'm outta here. Catch you later."

 He slammed the door, startling Mary. As Sheila profusely apologized, Mary was lost in her thoughts. Although she should have been offended by Tony's proposition, the strange fact was that she wanted to suck his dick. She would have done it for free. If Sheila hadn't stopped him, she probably would have finished him off, right there at their table. Why was she like this? How did she become such a cock-craving slut, willing to suck any and every dick put in front of her face?

 ***

 It was the spring of 1978. Mary was the last in her group of friends to turn eighteen, and her best friend, Nancy, was determined to make Mary's birthday party a memorable one. Nancy's parents were out of town, so she invited a group of friends to her house and convinced Mary to tell her parents they were having a sleepover. What she didn't tell Mary was that she had invited several boys to the party as well, including Mike Brown, the captain of the football team and the object of Mary's secret lust since middle school.

 Someone brought a case of beer, another brought a few joints, and by the middle of the night, the party was rocking. Ever the instigator, Nancy suggested they play "Seven Minutes in Heaven." Mary vehemently shook her head, and the guys erupted into raucous applause, winning the argument. The six friends sat in a circle and spun an empty bottle set in the middle. The room erupted in laughter and applause when the bottle stopped spinning and pointed to the birthday girl. Mary's face instantly reddened, which only instigated the group further. Another roar of laughter erupted when the next spin landed on Mike Brown.

 Nancy ran to her closet door and held it open in dramatic fashion. Mike received a few punches from his friends as he headed toward the door. Mary sat still, petrified on the spot, and had to be pulled to her feet by one of her drunken girlfriends.

 Mary pulled Nancy aside to the corner of the room. "I can't go in there," she whispered. She was quivering.

 "Oh, just do it!" Nancy said, slurring her words. "It's our senior year! In a few months, we'll be out of school and you'll never see these boys again. This is Mike Brown! You've wanted seven minutes alone with him for as long as I can remember! Just go for it!"

 Mary nervously looked around the room and noticed all eyes on her. She wanted to flee into the closet just to escape from their attention. Nancy shoved her toward the closet door, and she reluctantly went inside. The door closed behind her, leaving her in the darkness. She could feel her heart thumping in her chest, and the only sound she heard inside the closet was her own breathing.

 "Good party," Mike said, causing her heart to skip a beat.

 "Uhh, y-yeah," she stammered. "It is."

 The awkward silence was unbearable. She could hear her friends outside of the closet laughing and shouting over the music. Her arm brushed against something. She couldn't tell what it was, but the fact that it might have been him sent a bolt of electricity through her chest.

 "So...what should we do?" he asked, his voice low and soft.

 "I...I don't know," she responded, her voice cracking.

 She had heard friends tell stories of this game for years, but she never thought she would ever take part in it. She knew the expectations of what everyone assumed about what happened in the closet. Surely, Mike Brown wouldn't want to do anything like that with her. She felt ugly and awkward; her face flecked with pimples, her hair frizzy and untamed, her glasses too thick, and her boobs too small. Mike Brown, on the other hand, was a god.

 "I'll let you suck it if you want," he said.

 Suck what? What did he mean? Did he mean what she thought he meant? Oh, god. She wasn't naïve. She had heard all the stories from her girlfriends during their lunchtime giggle-fests. She knew that some girls did that sort of thing, and she always found herself excited by the idea. She never considered actually doing it, though.

 "S-suck it? Y—you mean...?"

 "Yeah, why not?" he said. He sounded so casual, as if it wasn't a big deal to him. Maybe it wasn't. Maybe he'd had his dick sucked a hundred times before.

 "I don't know," she said, her voice quivering.

 "Well, we can't just stand here," he said. She heard the sound of a zipper and some rustling at the other end of the closet. "Go ahead," he said. "I don't mind." He acted as though he were doing her a favor.

 She considered bolting out the door, but was frozen in place. She had to admit, a part of her was intrigued. She had never actually seen a penis before, except in a Playgirl magazine one of her friends stole and an accidental glimpse of her brother changing out of his clothes once. Not that she would be able to actually see Mike's penis, but this was a rare opportunity to touch one, and to put it in her mouth and taste it. Her curiosity overwhelmed her shyness.

 She moved hesitantly to the back end of the closet, with her hands held out front, fumbling through the darkness. She came in contact with his chest, and reflexively pulled away. He grabbed her by the hand, sending electric pulses straight through her chest and down along her inner thighs. Slowly, he guided her hand down his body until she felt something warm and soft.

 She wrapped her fingers around it, and it expanded in her hand. Mesmerized, her fingers traced the outline of a soft, round bulb at the tip, down along a hardening ridge, to a pair of round and hairy orbs. She could hear the pace of his breathing increase as his penis continued to grow with her gentle touch.

 Her pussy tingled and moistened as she became aware of the dirtiness of what she was doing. She lowered herself to her knees before him. His musky scent was intoxicating. She leaned forward and tasted him with a tentative lick along his shaft. He moaned and ran his fingers through her hair. His cock swelled in her grasp.

Oh my god, she thought, I am making Mike Brown sexually excited!

 The thought drove her wild, and her pussy throbbed. She wrapped her mouth around the bulbous head of his cock, and he gently pushed himself further into her mouth. She sucked it like a lollipop, and swirled her tongue along the underside of his shaft. He began moving his hips and sliding himself in and out of her mouth. She took the cue and bobbed her head in rhythm with his movements.

 For the first time in her life, she felt powerful. She was in control of this boy's pleasure. At that moment, she was the most important person in his life. The noise from outside of the closet no longer mattered. It was just the two of them, alone, connecting in a way she had never experienced before.

 Suddenly, Mike moaned loudly, and he gripped the back of her head more forcefully. His penis expanded in her mouth, and she felt a flood of hot liquid hit the back of her throat and coat her tongue. She wasn't prepared for it, and nearly choked. She swallowed it, not knowing what else to do with it. His body convulsed, and he continued to fill her mouth with hot, thick fluid.

 To that point in her life, the concept of semen was completely alien to her. She had read about it in textbooks, and heard her girlfriends joking about it, but she didn't really know what it was until she felt it filling her mouth. The realization that she had just caused the captain of the football team to ejaculate filled her with a strange sense of pride.

 Not knowing what to do next, she simply kept sucking until he gently pushed her away.

 "That was fucking incredible!" he whispered. "You're really good at that!"

 She felt a surge of prides as he zipped his pants. Moments later, the closet door opened, and Mary stepped back into the room feeling like a new person. Although embarrassed by the attention, she felt more confident, and with a greater sense of belonging to the group, than she had ever felt before.

 From that day forward, every time she had a dick in her mouth, she would recall the excitement, pride, and confidence she experienced on that day.

 ***

 Mary was in a familiar position, on her knees in front of a naked man, his hard dick in her mouth. There was a line of men standing behind him, all naked and stroking their cocks. She didn't know how many of them there were, and wasn't sure she wanted to know.
