 "Good afternoon, ____________ Partners, Theresa speaking. How may I help you?

"Hello, Mister Cain. I'm fine, thank you. Thank you for asking.

"Well, I have to, really. It's our protocol, part of our brand, answering the phone properly. It's a bit scripted, though, isn't it?" Theresa lowered her voice and quickly looked around, feeling guilty about her tiny conspiracy with Adam, but loving his delicate tease.

"Oh no, Mister Cain, I can't say. I'd never do that. She'd -

"God, do I? That's - " Theresa blushed as Adam cut her off, quickly getting to the purpose of his call to save her further embarrassment.

"Let me just check." She clicked on the Managers' Calendar, recovering herself with the simple task. "No, I'm afraid she's got this hour blocked out, marked private. I don't... " She silenced her knowledge as to where Madelyn was. "Can I help, get her to call you, or check something myself?

"Sure, let me just make a note... which project? Uh huh, yes I... I've got that... yes... yes... that's fine. I'll check those details and get back to you.

"And ask her to call you... yes... yes, I will.

"Umm, Adam, may I call - " He interrupted her again, almost as if he could read her mind. "Thank you, yes, I will. Adam." She listened for a moment. "Umm, I probably shouldn't... I know I shouldn't, it's none of my business, but...

"Shit, I... oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm... " Theresa was inescapably flustered, but was committed too, so she ploughed on, her cheeks crimson, her hands over the phone, her voice a whisper into the mouthpiece. She finally blurted it out:

"Is Madelyn all right? I'm worried, I... she's not her usual... God, I shouldn't be saying any of this, but you...

"What is it? About her that worries...? She's flat. There's no life... I mean... she's just not... Madelyn. It's not right, is it? Madelyn not being Madelyn... I can't...

"What can you do? Well... whenever you've been in, she's... I don't know... she's content. For days afterwards... well, she never says anything, of course she doesn't, but I'm not silly. I can tell. You obviously make her happy and... yes, a happy Madelyn is a peaceful Madelyn, which is good for... well, you know, for all of us. She can be such a bi... oh my god, did I just say that?

"I suppose so, yes... Goodness no, HR? God, never. I'm too much of a scatter-brain to ever be in HR."

Theresa calmed herself as Adam continued their conversation for a little longer, putting her mind at rest, outlining one or two tiny things he might do, reassuring her that no, really, it was fine, he didn't mind at all, she wasn't being nosy. Well, not very, but he made sure she laughed with him, knowing that actually, she was.

Even so, after he ended the call and Theresa played it over and over in her mind, wondering what on earth had come over her to say anything, to even open her mouth; the one relentless image that forever stayed in her head, etched like a commandment in stone, was the way Madelyn had looked at her that day when she'd turned around in the lift.

And the way, a moment before, Madelyn had run a hand down over her skirt and her taut, wonderful ass. Theresa knew, she just knew, that Madelyn was inviting her to imagine that beautiful body naked, no underwear at all; for when she'd run her hand down over her skirt, she knew there was nothing between the cloth and Madelyn's skin, nothing at all.

Theresa couldn't get those images out of her head, so she knew ultimately she'd said what had to be said, because the world wasn't right without Madelyn being content. And Theresa knew Adam could do something about that. Then Madelyn would be happy and she'd flirt with Theresa, and if Theresa was hungry for anything, it was that.

Later that night, in bed, Theresa played the conversation over in her mind once again and thought she'd probably curl up and die, a crumpled heap on the floor, the next time Adam came into the foyer and looked at her with that smile in his eyes, just for her.

Despite the agony of her embarrassment, Theresa came twice that night, her fingers wet in her sex, her breasts heavy and her nipples sore from pulling too hard. She came once when Madelyn undressed in the lift and walked towards her completely naked, coming around behind the counter and dropping to her knees, spreading Theresa's legs apart, eating her wet pussy and pushing a long, elegant finger right up Theresa's tight ass. She'd cried out Madelyn's name the first time she came, and clenched on her own finger, imagining it was Madelyn's.

Fifteen minutes later she'd whimpered Adam's name, but couldn't decide, in her fantasy, whether she wanted to fuck him or suck him; so in her fantasy, she did both. And the second time Theresa came, picturing Adam's cock deep inside her and his mouth on her tit, Madelyn was there in her head, calling her name.

* * * *

"Madelyn, you've been scaring the kittens. Poor Theresa, she doesn't know what to do." Adam swirled the barista's perfectly formed leaf into his coffee before taking a sip. Dappled sunlight shaded the outdoor table, and the drowsy movement of the mid-morning city drifted by. A tram bell clanked on the opposite side of the square.

"Oh, what's the story, what's going on?" Madelyn asked. "What have I done?"

Adam explained the girl's mortification, telling him of her concern about Maddy's well-being; but for Theresa's sake he didn't mention the accidental near-mimicry, 'Oh no, Mister Cain, I can't say. I'd never do that.'

"Oh dear, has the sweet thing got a bit of a crush on me?" Madelyn smiled at the idea of it. "And I thought it was you, her unrequited daddy thing. It must be terribly complicated." She casually swung a high-heeled shoe from her toes, thus drawing attention to her slim legs and the taut muscle of her thigh, as well as her delectable feet.

"Speaking of complications, how is Juliette, after the other night?" Maddy held Adam's gaze, thinking the girl had very possibly got exactly what she wanted from both of them. "And you, so commanding, sending me to my room." She looked at him with a wry smile. "Perhaps it's me with the unrequited daddy thing."

Then, like a cloud across the sun, Maddy's mood changed. "Perhaps it really is me, after all."

"Yes, what exactly did happen there? My back's still smarting - I'm glad you only struck Juliette really hard just the once, you've got a hell of a swing." He paused. "She's fine, by the way. Very teary the next day, but I expected that. Lots of cuddles, and quite a lovely long bath when she came down. Lots of bubbles. And sleep. She's really very lovely when she's peaceful, curled up. I just sat by her as she fell asleep." Adam turned the spoon in his cup slowly, his eyes distant. "Several times, in fact."

"Are you spoiling her?" Maddy asked, looking at him fondly. She liked this gentle side of Adam, liking him without envy of Juliette, liking him for being just who he was.

"Probably," he replied, focussing back on Maddy, accepting her gaze.

"Why not? She's worth it."

"She is."

After a very long while Maddy turned to Adam, very seriously. "Will she want to do it again, do you think?"

"Actually, Madelyn," and he looked at her closely, studying her beautiful, angular features, her high cheek bones, "I think she'd quite like to whip you."

Madelyn's foot stopped rocking her shoe. "Would she indeed? And what about you?"

"I'd watch."

"Would you indeed?"

"I would."

After a long moment, Maddy's shoe began to rock once more.

"The little minx," she said, and sounded quite proud. "Bonnard said she had promise. He was right."

* * * *

"Juliette?" Adam rang her the next day. "We need to take care of Madelyn. When are you free?"

* * * *

"Darlings! Are you here to make a fuss?" Madelyn greeted them on the steps of her porch, just as she had the previous weekend. "Goodness, am I under-dressed?"

She was wearing the same tight jeans she'd worn to the zoo with Adam, with a shirt knotted above her bare midriff. Bare footed, with her hair tied back in a single ribbon, she was fresh-looking and relaxed, looking her natural age, without adornment or artifice. Her mask was gone and her eyes were alive.

Adam and Juliette, on the other hand, were both formally dressed in black and white, as if going to a cocktail party or a night at the theatre. Juliette carried a soft leather bag slung over her shoulder. Madelyn suspected it came from Bonnard's shop, and wondered what might be in it.

"It won't matter," said Adam, "you won't be dressed for long."

Madelyn looked at him with a long, slow appraisal. A tiny smile creased her eyes, to match his. "That sounds perfect," she said. She briefly wondered how many games they'd play before she got bored and it all became predictable. At this rate, there would be many dalliances for a considerable length of time. She had no idea what they had planned for her tonight.

Juliette smiled, a coquette in a little black dress. "Hello Madelyn," she said quietly, running a gloved finger across the other woman's bare skin from one hip to the other, circling her navel once. She slowly peeled the glove from her hand, and put her fingers to Madelyn's lips. "Aren't you going to invite us in?" she asked.

"Of course," Madelyn replied. "Your clothes, you two; you've got me curious."

"Like a cat, Madelyn, ready to die for us?" Juliette asked, her fingers lingering on Madelyn's arm. "Or do you still have nine lives left?"

"Maybe not nine, but several." Maddy laughed. Whatever the pair had in mind for her, she was intrigued and content to follow their lead. She very much liked inquisitive kittens, and Juliette was one of the best; and with Adam in the room she'd be the cat who got the cream, there was never a doubt about that.

"Am I going to be pampered?" She was, and knew it, but -

"So impatient, Madelyn, can't you wait?" Adam removed a black silk scarf from around his neck and trailed it from his hand. "We're not even through the door."

"Oh, you delicious man, stop teasing," but she meant, tease me more.

The door closed behind them, shutting with a satisfying thunk. Adam turned the key in the lock, and a thrill shot down Madelyn's spine. She walked silently between them on the carpet running down the centre of the hall, hearing the steady pace of their feet on the wooden floor boards as they escorted her into her own house.

"Stop there, Madelyn," Adam directed her. Madelyn stood in the centre of the back room, with its long windows overlooking the garden. She waited. "Kneel down in front of Juliette."

Maddy licked her lips, her eyes went dark, and she knelt before Juliette. The girl looked down on her without a word, and reached for the scarf in Adam's hand.

"Good girl," said Juliette, and Madelyn moaned at the words. She closed her eyes and Juliette made the darkness darker by winding the scarf around her head, blindfolding Madelyn. "There, not too tight?"

Maddy shivered. Her mind flashed back to the first time she'd met Juliette, and she moaned again, her lust unravelling without hope.

"Sshhh, Madelyn, don't be a whore. You give yourself away." Juliette slowly stroked Maddy's hair before twisting it up into a coil, tying it away from her neck.

"Did you bring it?" Madelyn heard Adam ask, and wondered what 'it' was.

"Of course," Juliette replied. "You put it on her, I'll keep the key on a little chain between my breasts." Maddy pictured the valley between Juliette's beautiful breasts. Her own nipples tightened, and she felt heat in the base of her belly. She wanted to touch herself, wanted to be touched even more.

But nothing happened at all, no more voices, no more words. Madelyn didn't move, for fear they'd leave her, her obedience triggered by the simple action of kneeling, being told what to do. Maddy knew she wasn't tied or bound, she wasn't restrained in any way except in her own mind and by her utter desire to be taken by these two, however they chose to take her.

She knew most of it was symbolic, playing erotic theatre and exquisite, decadent games. Even so, giving herself up to someone so completely was unusual for Madelyn. But these two, Adam and sweet Juliette, they were so very inventive together, and Madelyn gave herself up to them willingly. She knew the day would ebb and flow, but had no idea how it would end. She hoped deep inside they'd stay, but wouldn't ask them to. Not this time.

Madelyn became aware of a presence before her, and breathed in Adam's cologne. She felt a slight pressure against her throat and heard the click of a small lock, a heaviness placed around her neck. She felt two fingers placed between her skin and the band, already warm and she thought it was leather. Adam checked it wasn't too tight. Maddy could hardly breathe - it had been a long time since she'd been collared, and she wondered whose idea it was.

She felt the soft kiss of Juliette's lips against hers, and knew the answer then. Adam would gaze into her eyes and take the back of her head in his hand, and she would do the same; and they'd each fight their own desire. But Juliette was younger, still in her first delight, and took what she wanted without question or caution. She might be punished later for her audacity, but that might be part of her plan.

"Call me Mary Poppins, Madelyn. Bonnard helped me fill my bag, and he told me about the first time your mother took you to see him. 'Sixteen and so slender; Juliette, can you imagine?'" Juliette mimicked Bonnard's lilting voice. "'Even then, I knew! Such a wicked girl. Just like you, my pretty Juliette, so very much like you.'"

Madelyn shivered with a thrill of joy. Goosebumps shimmered her arms.

"Oh look, Adam, she's cold."

"Not cold, Juliette, I don't think she's cold at all," Adam replied, and Maddy felt his warm hands stroking her skin, making her shiver again, up and down her spine. She swayed on her knees, her balance shifting.

"Careful, Madelyn, before you fall." Adam's voice was soft, he'd seen her unsteady. She felt a tug on the ties of her shirt, and the knot was undone, the garment pulled away from her torso and arms. Maddy felt her bare nipples harden at the exposure to the air and their eyes, and she gloried in Adam's slight intake of breath. She arched her back, always proud.

"Look, Adam, she's showing off her splendid tits. We mustn't leave them alone."

Maddy moaned as two hot mouths took her nipples in, sucking each one. She felt Adam open his mouth wide to suck in as much flesh as he could, while Juliette's tongue darted and swirled delicately, flicking the nipple tip playfully, teasing her. Maddy felt Juliette's warm hand find hers, fingers entwined; and the women held loving hands.

Adam's arms circled Maddy's back and she was held, kept from falling, in his arms. Her breasts ached as they suckled, and she started a soft, tiny whimper in her throat, "Ohh, ohh..."

"Stay there, Juliette." Adam's mouth left her breast, and Maddy sensed him move behind her. Sure enough, she felt his fingers deftly undo the button on her jeans and slide the zip down, his hand warm on her belly as he did so. He eased the tight cloth down over the curves of her ass and slowly down her thighs. "On your hands and knees, Maddy, so we can get these off."

Madelyn obeyed, dropping down. She stretched her legs out one at a time, to aid Adam slide her jeans off. He caressed the taut globes of her ass and ran his hand down one thigh, avoiding her sex completely.

"That's pretty lace, Maddy," said Juliette, as she peeled down Madelyn's panties and waved them past her nose. Maddy caught her own scent, giving away her arousal.

Juliette tapped her knees apart on the floor, and Madelyn felt the room's air on her sex and ass. Her belly felt thick and heavy as her cunt began to bloom. She pictured how she must look, her sex exposed, her lips slowly parting. She wanted to suck on herself and taste her own hot heat. She arched her body backwards to open herself wide, pushing her sex back for their eyes.

But Maddy was left alone on her hands and knees, naked in the middle of the room. An exquisite wait began, as she wondered what they were doing. She heard a cupboard door open and close; one of them was in the kitchen. The fridge door opened and she heard a liquid pour. Footsteps came back, and a bowl or a cup was placed on the floor near her hands. Every sound became more intense as Madelyn strained to hear everything. She couldn't sense where they were.

She could smell milk In the bowl before her. She whimpered, but knew not to drink until commanded. Madelyn usually controlled her world far too tightly, wound up like a watch, so giving herself up to Adam and Juliette was a sweet, unexpected bliss. In a last fleeting moment of coherent thought, Madelyn remembered she still had Adam's watch in her room; but then she went where they took her. A long keening moan fell from her lips, "Use me, I'm a fuck hole." Her body jerked, a first twitch of intense arousal triggered by her exposure in the centre of the room.

"That's very generous, Madelyn, but really, you must wait." Adam's voice came from the other side of the room. Was he just watching her, like an object, seeing her naked there? Maddy's imagination started to unravel.

... ohh, what was this? Hands ran up over her haunches and up her sides, a light touch from palms, it must be Juliette. Maddy felt a weight all along her body as the girl lay over her, and there, a hot kiss on the back of her neck, ahh god. She turned her head, hoping for Juliette's lips, but instead she felt the hang of her breasts pulled down. Juliette held Madelyn's breasts and squeezed them together, pulling them down. The girl rubbed her palms hard over Madelyn's nipples.

Fuck - she felt a cold, sharp pain, then the hanging weight of two nipple clamps, stretching her breasts. Ahh, that felt good. Maddy inhaled quickly, a quick ssss between her teeth. All feeling centred in her breasts, her long stretched teats, a chained weight between them swinging as she moved. A delicious heat blazed through her body. Her fingers gripped the carpet, holding on.

"Good girl, Maddy. Isn't that lovely, that tight pain in your tits, stretching your nipples?" Juliette tugged on the chain, and Maddy felt a pull on the leather collar as the chain was clicked to it. Whenever she moved her head, her neck, the chain pulled on her breasts. Her nipples felt huge and swollen, and she craved the thick sensation that was in them.

"Now, let me see... " Juliette rummaged in her bag. Maddy mewled in anticipation.

"Oh look, here we are. Adam, come see."

Maddy's heart beat faster, Juliette's commentary priming her mind for whatever came next. Not knowing was delirious, and whatever it was, Maddy wanted more. In her mind's eye, she sat on Adam's lap, his hard cock embedded deep in her sex, at the same time watching herself kneeling on the floor, with Juliette in her little black dress taking things from her miracle bag. Juliette's voice was hypnotic, running a commentary of expectation straight through Maddy's imagination, straight into her sensual heart.

"Good girl, Maddy. Open wide, suck on this." A cold object was placed just between her lips, and Maddy explored it with her tongue - ahhh, a small metal butt plug, she had to spit on it to get it all wet.

"Wait, Juliette, more lube. Make it slide." Sweet fuck, Adam's voice was closer, where was he? Maddy turned her head to and fro, trying to sense where he was. The chain from her neck pulled and tugged at her nipples. Her clitoris throbbed as her nerve centres all connected, but she didn't know where he was.

"Ahh, Madelyn. Your glorious cunt, right before my eyes!" Adam was behind her. Madelyn swayed her hips backwards, towards him. The movement swung the chains on her nipples and tugged upon the collar.

"Fill it, then," she begged, knowing he wouldn't, wishing she could see her sex through his eyes.
