 This the second installment of the Four Hour Erection and none of the participants have gotten any younger, so still over 18.

*****

This sexual adventure had taken John by surprise. Oh, he knew the girls were desperate and ripe for the picking, but what guy, particularly a tenured professor, ever does anything but fantasize about fucking a cheerleader, let alone 10 of them. He had considered that it was crazy, wrong by most any reasonable moral standard, and was likely one of the few things that could get a tenured professor dismissed. He didn't really care at this point. He just knew what he needed, and it was there in that apartment.

He thought he had gotten past this sort of thing and that he no longer cared. He thought he had completely submerged the urges, the animal lust that had driven him when he was the age of these girls and which for a time he had, with help, kept in check. It had been channeled, but these damned cheerleaders had reminded him of how much he 'needed'. The girls had no idea how they had tormented John during the past month. 

Five years ago, John had been a functioning addict. His addiction had been sex. With help, he had forged a kind of truce with his problem but then his help had been taken away. Going off his treatment had left John in a bad place emotionally. His condition hit bottom and had rested there, at rock bottom, for the past several years. 

He had drunk his way through a couple of semesters. After he stopped drinking, the man who came out the alcohol induced fog wasn't the same man who had gone in. As a teacher, he was just going through the motions. Most of the friends who had tried to help him find his way had given up. There were few left who would even acknowledge that he had been a friend and, except for the tenure, the college would have canned him. Now, the girls had disturbed his resting place.

John really needed this. He hadn't realized how much he had missed sex; real mutually enjoyed sex. For sex to give John relief, he needed the emotional hit that he received when every fiber in the woman's body told him he was fulfilling her. For John, the drug of choice was delivered by every moan, sigh and squeal that was accompanied by the writhing of a woman's body as she thrashed her way to an orgasm.

Motivated by his newly awakened need, John had thought quite a lot about how to insure that things went well. Needs aside, John was a realist. None of the girls were likely to be very enthusiastic about having sex with a guy who was old enough to be their father and it wasn't strictly speaking, consensual. They all had their backs to the wall.

He needed this first Friday to go well. If it did, it improved the chances that the entire weekend would go well and the rest of the semester would take care of itself. Otherwise, it wouldn't be much better than a semester of masturbation which the girls had already forced on him the better part of the past two months and it wasn't working for him.

The first girl would make or break things and there was no doubt that it had to be Mary. Carly would be next. The other girls looked up to them and if they were satisfied, the other girls would fall in line, or lie down as it were. 

John had taken a couple of steps to insure that the weekend went well. 

The first thing was pick up his prescription of the little blue pills. It had been a long time since he had real sex and he wanted to be sure the little guy was there when needed. He had taken a couple of these two hours beforehand. He wanted to make sure that they had time to do their job. As a consultant to the pharmaceutical industry, he knew that the drug companies were pretty damned conservative in their dosages. If they said, "Take one," you could be sure two wouldn't hurt you.

The second thing he did was to buy 4 large bottles of Takara Plum wine. These he had chilled in his fridge and were in the ice chest he carried, along with cups, when he arrived at 6:00 p.m. sharp. He didn't want to get them drunk, but a couple of glasses of Takara might loosen them up. The situation probably needed all the help he could give it tonight.

As desperate as the girls were to pass his class, John's desperation was worse.

When he rang the bell, Carly answered the door, "Dr. Smith. You are...very punctual." She wouldn't have minded if he had been late or maybe not shown at all. Of course, that would have been a problem which was why they were all here in the first place.

All of the girls were present when he arrived; a good start. Most of the girls were in shorts and t-shirts or short sun dresses. The weather was still hot in Arizona and none of this group was shy about their bodies. Three of the girls were in fairly short nighties as if they were prepared for a sleep over; Mary, Carly, and Beth. It had to be their apartment.

After being let in, he said, "Ladies, you can call me John. Very nice to see all of you. Can someone show me to the fridge. I have some bottles that are best served chilled." 

While waiting for directions, he looked the group over, checking their faces carefully. He saw a blend of apprehension and some resignation. A couple, Tanya and Micki, looked closer to panic and a couple looked amused, as if they knew something he didn't. He was looking forward to learning their secret and would have to proceed with caution with the other two.

Mary looked at the ice chest, and said, "What are you planning? Getting us all drunk?"

"No, I hope not. I just thought it might take the edge off a bit. I've got some plastic cups if you're ok with plastic. I know when I was in college, I only had two glasses so I figured I might bring a few, just in case. And nothing to clean up." He heard a couple of snickers at this and it seemed like maybe things had a chance.

John took a bottle of Takara from the chest and a sleeve of smallish plastic cups asking, "Anyone want to give it a try? I think you'll like it." He twisted the lid off the Takara and began filling a 4 ounce cup. 

Mary's hand grabbed the cup immediately. She lifted it to her mouth and downed it in one gulp and stuck her hand out for a refill. He poured her a second small cup and said, "Maybe taste it this time. It is pretty good. At least I think it is."

This time, Mary took a small sip and a smile crossed her face and she said, "Ummm, it is pretty good." John proceeded to fill cups for the remaining 9 girls. 

As he finished filling the first round, he said, "I have a couple of details we need to discuss before we get started." All of the girls focused on him to see what details he had in mind. He continued, "I don't think this is necessary, but, I have to ask. Are all of you over 18?" They were all at least freshmen in college, but a mistake here could land a guy in jail. The girls looked around and all heads nodded the affirmative.

"Great. Now the second little detail. Are all of you on birth control?" He really wasn't prepared to have any small Mathematical protégés toddling around. "If not, I'm prepared, but I prefer bareback." Again, all heads nodded. 

He'd been less certain about the second question than the first, but apparently this group was comfortable with sex, with a couple of possible exceptions in the crowd but even they seemed to be prepared for it. 

With the preliminaries out of the way, he started to put his wine in the fridge. Three went in but Mary grabbed the 4th by the neck of the bottle and stood right in front of him staring him in the eyes as if challenging him and said, "I'm taking this one to the bedroom."

John looked down at her for a long few seconds admiring her courage and before she knew what was happening, planted a small kiss on her lips, reached under the arm not attached to the wine bottle and scooped her up and asked, "Which way?"

Mary was too surprised to answer but Carly recovered quickly and replied, "Down the hall, last one on the left...Are you ok with this Mary?" 

John stayed rooted in place waiting for Mary to answer the question. He was surprised at how much he wanted to hear her to say she was ok.

"I'll be fine. Besides, I can always hit him with the wine bottle if things get out of hand." Under these circumstances, Mary wasn't sure what would constitute 'out of hand'. Most people would consider the whole situation out of hand already but she had gotten the girls into this mess and she needed to show them that everything would be ok. 

Like John, Mary had known that she had to be first, but had arrived at that conclusion for totally different reasons. John because he needed the weekend to succeed and Mary was the key to that lock. Mary needed her girls to know they would be ok and she had to show them.

John deposited Mary, on her feet, at the head of the bed near a night stand and asked, "Are you ready for this?"

Mary took the lid off the bottle, took a long drink directly from the bottle, and said, "Ready," and started to pull her nighty up her body ready to get things over with.

John gently grasped her arms, stopped her, and said, "If it's alright with you, I'd really like to do the honors. It's been a long, long time and I'd like the pleasure of taking your clothes off. If it's ok with you?" As he finished, he released her arms and stood looking at her face hesitantly and waited.

Mary was surprised at his patience and the fact that he had asked. It actually seemed important to him that she give him permission. None of her college dates would have asked or waited and as horny as John had seemed in class, she hadn't expected patience or courtesy from him. After a few seconds, she nodded consent.

John reached down to the hem of her nighty and grabbed each side in a hand and began slowly pulling her nighty up over her body toward her head. As he went, his hands gently touched her body, once at her hips which were not large but had enough shape that it would have been difficult to remove her nighty without touching. His hands again touched her shoulders as he came to the tightest passage. She raised her arms over her head to allow him to remove the garment completely. As his hands had brushed her, Mary had trembled almost imperceptibly at the small unintentional caresses. 

Mary stood in front of John with her hands at her side now, clothed only in her panties. 

He had not been 'feeling her up' as she had expected. She had expected to be treated the way she had been feeling since the day they had struck their deal; like a prostitute or an indentured servant who would have no choice but to submit to whatever indignity was demanded, but he wasn't demanding. He was asking. Waiting for her to consent. She wondered what he would do if she didn't give her consent. In the back of her mind, she knew that even though he was asking, she had no choice but to consent.

John's hands now came to rest on Mary's hips and he hooked his thumbs in her panties at the waist. His head titled a little and he looked into her eyes questioningly. Again he was waiting. 

The small courtesy that John had shown in asking permission did more to put Mary at ease than the wine had. The boys her age she had dated were rarely as courteous, respectful, or patient. It felt good.

Suddenly feeling very vulnerable, Mary realized that in a few seconds she would be standing naked, completely exposed to him. She'd been naked with boys before, but this was no boy and it hadn't exactly been her choice. She shut her eyes and again, nodded consent. 

John stooped to his knees in front of her and marveled at her beautiful fit body and began to work Mary's panties down off her nice round ass and then on down her athletic legs. Again, it wasn't like he was pawing at her. Instead, the touches were almost incidental to the task of removing her panties, except at the ass, where she felt like he had lingered. It was hard to tell for sure and he had moved on.

He had lingered, in part to feel her ass but also to take a brief second to examine her mound which was now exposed. When had girls started shaving those? He had heard that it was common but had never seen it outside a porn site or strip club. It looked amazing and he felt his man hood, which was pretty stiff already, stiffen like a piece of iron. It throbbed almost painfully. He continued his task.

When his hands had gotten to her calves, they stopped their downward progress and he pressed his palms to her calves and slid them slowly up and down a couple of times feeling the taught well defined muscles of her calves, finally continuing the task of taking her panties all the way to the floor. 

He had been gentle during the entire process. When the hands had caressed her calves, she had felt her breasts tighten up with an unexpected flash of excitement. He could hear her take a couple of heavy uneven breaths and her body rocked slightly.

Her hands went to his shoulders to steady herself, and one at a time, she lifted a foot to allow her panties to be completely removed. 

Before standing again, John slowly and carefully placed his hands on her ass as he took another look at the V where her upper thighs met her crotch just below her toned flat tummy. On an impulse, he gave her a quick peck on her hairless mound. He didn't linger, not wanting to upset her at this point; just surprise her. Mission accomplished!

As his lips had brushed her mound, she felt a wave of heat in her pussy. Her fingers, which had slid under his shirt collar by his neck while maintaining her balance, dug into John's 'traps' as she felt just the beginnings of moisture let down, forming a small clear drop that clung to her lips. 

Her body shuddered a couple of times and she swallowed hard as she tried to deny and control what was happening. She hadn't planned on enjoying this. Just get it over with and convince the other girls that it was fine; nothing to worry about. He just wasn't behaving according to plan and her body was betraying her.

In class, he had seemed like such a jerk. The tactics she and the other girls had used on him had seemed ok when he was a prick. Why was he acting like a nice guy now? 

She stood pondering this when she suddenly realized he was talking to her quietly saying, "Could you...uhhh...ease up on the shoulders a bit? You're a lot stronger than you look." His body was tensed and she could see a grimace on his face.

She looked down to where her fingers had dug into his flesh. She realized there were small specks of blood showing in his white shirt where her nails had gripped him.

"Oh, I am so sorry. I...uh...you...surprised me...when you...uh...kissed me down there." She was stammering around like a high schooler. 

Embarrassed, her fingers suddenly released and John breathed a sigh of relief. John looked her in the eyes and calmly said, "No real harm done. I'm fine."

Looking at his shirt, she said, "Stay right there. I'll be right back." 

Girls who had been discretely listening, and hearing very little from behind the closed bedroom door, were caught flatfooted as Mary opened the door and rushed, totally naked, to the bathroom to get a wet cloth to dab at the blood on Johns shirt to try avoid a stain and to clean the scratches on his shoulder. 

A few jaws dropped as Mary raced naked to the bath room and then back across the hall.

John was standing now, amused at Mary running around naked and the reaction of her friends. When Mary returned, she immediately began unbuttoning John's shirt and tugged if from its tuck in his trousers. As she tugged, she looked down, and noticed what all of the girls were now noticing; John was making a really nice tent in his trousers.

Still worried about what she had done to John and his shirt, Mary first wiped his shoulder as gently as she could, apologizing all the while. Finally she moved her attention to his shirt and dabbed at the stains. It wasn't working. 

Mary looked at him sadly and said, "It's ruined. I'll buy you a new one."

John looked at her with a grin and said, "You'll do no such thing. I've got lots of shirts and besides, it was worth a shirt to watch you run around naked in front of your girlfriends. It's the most fun I've had in a while."

It's not that Mary, or any of the girls were particularly modest, but as she realized the truth of what John was saying, she became very self-conscious. Every eye in the apartment was on her naked body; one a stranger who appeared to be relishing her nakedness and discomfort and her friends who were clearly amused. One arm immediately rose to cover her breasts and her other hand reached down to cover her crotch.

Carly decided to tease a little. "So, how did you get into this 'situation'? 

Mary responded, "Well, we were getting...ready...taking our time...and he kissed me...that's basically it."

Suddenly, Carly, who had a mind for details, gazed from John's shoulder to Mary's face and asked, "So, if he was kissing you, I assume he was facing you, and he has those scratches on his shoulder and he's quite a bit taller than you. So, how do you get your fingers on his shoulders like that? Seems like quite a stretch. Just how was he positioned or...what was he kissing?" and she gazed down at Mary's crotch in a suggestive stare that indicated she thought she already knew the answer to that question. 

Knowing where this was going, the other girls were waiting for the answer which never came.

Mary blushed bright red and in an embarrassed voice said, "All right, you don't know anything. You just think you do. So, get out and I don't want to hear you milling around outside the door either. We've got things to do here! Shoo!!"

The girls were all laughing at Mary now, but they shooed; out of the room anyway.

On her way out, Carly walked close to John, snickered and whispered, "Take it easy on her. You're her first professor."

John winked, "I'll try."

Mary closed the door behind the last of them. She looked at John and nodded her head toward the bed and said, "Shall we? But first, just one final thing." She took a deep breath and reached for John's belt buckle and loosened it, preparing to take his clothes off as he had taken hers off.

Standing close to John, she couldn't help but notice John's bare chest and arms. He was very well muscled. Not heavy, more like a basketball player. She ran her hands up over his chest feeling the firm muscles and said, "Those jackets and long sleeve shirts you wear to class don't do a thing for you!" Her crotch warmed a little more as she ran her hands over his chest.

The bulge in his pants was easy to see. It was nice size but not huge. Mary had never seen one she would have classified as huge anyway and even the small ones could feel good when properly used. 

As she unsnapped his pants and slid the zipper down, his erection pushed forward. She shook her head and asked, "Is this thing always hard?" as she continued to undress John. His boxers and socks were the last to go.

She stooped as she slid his boxers down, having to dodge his erection which almost hit her in the face as she pulled the boxers over it. She wrapped her fingers around his shaft, looked up at him, and gave him a wicked smile, and squeezed pretty hard which brought a grunt from John as he felt just a hint of pain from his member. 

As she stood, Mary was still nervous about what was about to take place and needed something to 'ease' her into it. She decided that a little sexual rough housing might help and gave him another hard squeeze.

In a low voice John grunted, "Wheww. You do have strong hands," and as he did, his hands leapt to her firm breast and he seized each nipple between a thumb and forefinger and rubbed the two nipples between them with some force.

"Ooowwww. No fair," as she gave his shaft another playful squeeze. 

John pinched thumb and forefinger together again none too gently and pulled at them stretching them an inch or so. As long as she had her fingers clamped around his junk, he thought it might be a good idea to hang on to some leverage and make sure she knew he could inflict a little pain himself.
