 This is a work of fiction.

This edition has been redone with the aid of a spell checker. Someone pointed out that my spelling in the first two parts was frankly awful and when I looked at it I saw he was right. I can only say I’m sorry that I wasn’t more careful. There are still some mistakes in this I’m sure, but at least I have now got rid of all the ones I can find at this point. Please bear with me, this is only my second story.

Special thanks go to Margaret who then re read this and corrected many spelling mistakes and tenses.

This is my work alone, and hence if reproduced can only be done so if kept complete. I realise there is nothing I can do to stop anyone using this by

the very nature of the medium itself, but if you do use it please keep it intact and keep my name and e mail address on it. Just good manners basically.

This contains sex scenes and therefore only read it if the laws of your land allow. I don’t want to get into trouble and nor do you. This does not contain commonly used words that so many of these stories seem to. I’m sorry but words like that don’t turn any of the girls I know on, and none of our boyfriends would think of using such words in our company. So if you are looking for that, keep looking please.

FIRST DAY, FRENCH MAID

I had applied for the job at the hotel several days before. It was a hotel in the countryside, and catered for businessmen. The interviewer told me that I had to be broad minded and ready to handle most situations on my own. For that I would receive a much higher then usual wage plus tips, what the customers gave me, and a percentage of what was left at the main desk. It sounded too good to be true, but I took the job, wondering what was really involved.

I’m slim, have long straight blonde hair, small breasts, and 19 years old.

I arrived at 6:30 and was immediately told to change into my uniform. I was surprised to see what that uniform was. (I had already been told to wear white underwear). There before me hung several uniforms from size 10 to 12 only. They consisted of white stockings, suspender belt, a short mini black dress and a little white apron. I was beginning to catch on by what they meant when they said I needed to be broadminded.

After changing I was told to see the manager. I entered his office. He was about 45, heavy set, with short black hair. I told him my name. He asked if I understood the requirements of the job, I told him I thought I did. He asked me to turn around, which I did. He then asked me to bend forward a little,…I did that too. From where he was sitting I could guess he was looking at my bottom and my white panties…the dress was really very short. “Oh yes, you’ll do.” He told me.

He then gave me a warning. “Whatever happens here is up to you. But we look after our staff and our good name. So if for any reason you decline a situation, we will back you up fully. Any situation that occurs is if you want it too. I find we get the best from our staff that way.”

I was beginning to enjoy this. My mind was racing, ‘situations’, mmmmmhh; I wondered what that would actually mean.

I didn’t have long to find out.

At 8am I was sent up to a room with the breakfast tray. I knocked and was told to come in. A young man was lying in bed looking at me. He was about 25, with blonde hair, and very good looking. “Morning sir.” I said walking over to the beside table where I put the tray.

He looked me up and down. Then smiled. “You’re new.”

“First day sir.” I told him, hands clasped behind my back, smiling.

He smiled again, “Look, would you mind re arranging my pillows a little, maids do it so much better.”

Now I guessed. “Yes of course Sir.” I leaned over him and began to arrange the pillows, his face was near my throat, I could imagine him looking down the front of my dress at my breasts, held in that little white bra. I was getting horny. He raised his head up and I felt his lips brush my throat. I stood back, “Sir?”

“Don’t worry,” he smiled, “Please carry on.”

I leaned over him again, only to find his head returned and he started to lick my throat while I moved the pillows. These pillows were going to take a long time to re arrange I decided. I pushed upwards a little and felt his lips caress the upward swell of the top of my breasts. Then I felt his hand touch the back of my leg and slowly caress it’s way up to my bottom. He lazily circled the cheeks with his fingers while I remained leaning over him. Then his finger moved to between my legs, stroking gently my pussy through my panties.

“I think there’s something under these sheets, could you check?” He asked.

I was about to suggest the same seeing that there was an outline of something long about where his hips would be. “Of course Sir, I’d be glad too.”

I slide a hand over his chest and under the sheets…I let my fingers drag along his smooth chest, down his tummy, and then finally felt something touch it, hard and slightly wet.

“There is,” I told him. My fingers caressed the hard yet soft head of his cock.

“Perhaps you had better take a closer look.” He told me.

I didn’t need to be asked twice. My head swooped down to his chest where I gave him a couple of long licks across before sliding under the sheets, downward. I could see in the half-light the head of his cock pointing straight up at me. I brushed my lips against it before opening my mouth and sucking the warm head into my mouth. He moaned and I started to swirl my tongue around the head. With my hand I pulled back the skin letting the top slide out completely and pushed my lips down to just below the rim of his cock head. Holding it there in my warm mouth I began to gently wank his cock with my hand. His hands were busy too. One was holding my head, caressing my hair with his fingers. The other one had found it’s way into my pussy and was gently finger fucking me.

I pulled away to ask him if there was anything else he required but he said ‘no’ and explained he was really happy with what I was doing so far. I was a bit disappointed, I wanted to fuck him, but then I was working and he was a guest here. I kept moving my hand up and down that shaft, keeping his head in my mouth, licking over the top of his cock while I did so. I heard him say how nicely I was doing that.

With my other hand I gently started to squeeze his balls, sort of milking him. I took the head of his cock from my mouth and started to lick and bite the side of the shaft down to his balls, which I then licked before planting his cock back into my mouth. I held his cock tightly now, pushing the sheet off me. Holding it up straight at the ceiling I then started to bop my head up and down on it. I just used my hand to steady it while my lips did the work. After a minute or two I heard him warn me that he was going to come. I held my ground…I didn’t want to spoil the sheets did I?

I kept on bobbing my head up and down on his cock until suddenly a great wad of warm stick cum shot into my mouth. I swallowed quickly as another and another wad shot out the end of his cock. My hand was squeezing his balls quite hard now and his legs were jerking up and down. He was moaning a lot, but I believe it wasn’t about the service. Finally he stopped pumping and his cock started to grow small in my mouth. I kept licking until it was very soft and tiny. I looked at him. He had his eyes half closed. “That’s was outstanding.” He told me. “Thank you.”

His finger was still playing with me but I needed more then that. “It’s ok,” I said and then looked down at his hand. He smiled and withdrew.

“A tip for the lady,” he said. “My wallet is in my side jacket pocket on the chair, I think a fifty is in order.”

Wow, and for something I enjoyed, “Thank you sir,” was all I could really say.

A minute later I was outside, £50 richer.

Back downstairs I killed time for a while before being sent to another room. “He wants his bath cleaned.” I was told. I went up stairs and found the room. Knocking I found a man in his 50’s standing there in a dressing gown. He was over weight, and had grey hair. But he looked ok and seemed friendly enough. “It’s my bath, would you mind cleaning it young lady?”

I bowed and went to the bathroom. It didn’t seem dirty at all, but still, I could guess at the routine. I knelt down on my knees and bent over the bath , which I started to wash and wipe with a cloth. I heard him come in behind me and soon I felt his hands gently hold my hips. I carried on wiping the bath, knowing that the tops of my legs must be showing by now. I could guess the view he had. He squeezed my hips a couple of times and then let his hands wander down to the sides of my legs, and then back up, but this time under my dress. He enjoyed that for a time and then raised my skirt over my back. I felt him kiss my bottom cheeks and then his tongue traced along the line of my panties. I wriggled a little but continued to wipe the bath. I was enjoying this.

His fingers slid into the tops of my panties and then he slowly rolled them down over my bottom until they were around my knees. I heard him fumble and then felt his cock suddenly touch my pussy. I pushed back a little and the head slipped in. “My goodness, we are keen.” Was all he said.

Holding my hips he started to push his cock into me more, and I was more than ready for this after my first visit to a room this morning. His long cock started to thrust in and out as he held my hips tightly in his hands. I pushed back each time to meet his thrusts. One of his hands slide under me and clutched at my breasts through my uniform. I felt his fingers knead my breast, squeezing the now hard nipple between his fingers through the material.

He slowly managed to undo the top three buttons, then ravished my breasts and bra with his hand. The other one he used to push my hips back and forth against him. I could feel the build up within myself and then I started to come…it was great…long and intense. I lost some of my power then but he made up for it with his thrusts. Suddenly he yelled he was going to come and ordered me to sit facing him with my back to the bath. I spun round and slid to the floor. He held his cock in his hand and aimed it just below my chin. Suddenly I saw the head widen and a spurt of creamy coloured cum flew out and hit my throat where it started to run down to my half-exposed breasts. He pointed his cock downwards and aimed the next few spurts at the tops of my breasts. Spurt after spurt flew out, spotting my uniform and breasts and bra. It felt warm and sticky; there was a string of it from my shoulder to my left breast. It started too slide down in gobs. He then wiped his cock against my chest before standing back to admire his handiwork. “Wonderful little girl.” He said again and again. Finally he walked out of the bathroom and came back in with two £20 notes. “There you go girl, you come back this afternoon with my tea and I’ll double it.”

I went downstairs and asked one of the girls about my uniform. She told me to shower and she would get me a uniform. I started to take my clothes off but suddenly she stopped me. “It’s up to you,” she said, “But there’s an old gent in room 42, he loves nothing better than to watch one of us have a shower. He’s not very demanding either.”

So taking a towel I went up to the room and knocked. Walking in I found he was still in bed. At first I wasn’t sure what to say but he must have been used to this, “Go on my dear, head for the shower if that’s what you want.”

I did just that. Removed the old uniform and stepped in. I didn’t draw the curtain. I started to soap myself all over and then the door opened. He walked in. He must have been 70. He was thin and gaunt, but he stood upright and seemed nice enough. He had a robe on which he soon managed to get his hand under and I could see he was playing with his cock. I needed to be clean so I made a special show of soaping my breasts and pussy. He loved that. Once or twice he reached out and fondled my breast and bottom. Just running his hands over them, “For old times sake.” He said. His cock was now out of the robe. It was thin and short and he was pumping it up and down.

I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do so I reached for it and started to wank it for him. He seemed to like that and kept closing his eyes. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to suck it, it didn’t look so nice but I figured that at his age it would be a treat. I knelt down in the shower and put my face close to his groin. “Oh yes.” He muttered. Opening my mouth I popped the thin cock in and then closed my lips around the shaft. I swirled my tongue around the top, then started to move my head back and forth. He had to actually steady himself by holding onto my head and shoulders. I could feel his hips start to thrust a little. His cock felt nice in my mouth, being small meant I could play with it with my tongue more then normal. I pushed it from side to side and sucked and licked at it.

Suddenly he called out, “Miracle!” and then I felt a small wad of come pour out the end. I opened my mouth letting it slide out over my lips and chin. More cum oozed out the end, it didn’t spurt, but for him I think even this was something. I let it ooze out over my tongue, then let it slide off over my lips and drip on to my legs and the shower basin.

He shook his head, “If only you knew how long that’s been…” he said. I felt so wonderful. I guess the other girls hadn’t done anything like this for him, they probably just wanked him off. He asked me to stay with him a while after I had finished my shower. I did, and for an hour he talked to me, telling me his experiences in the war when he was 20, and various other things. I found it interesting to hear things like that. At the end he told me he had kept me long enough and gave me a large tip. I handed some of it back, telling him I was happy enough with half of what he had given me. He seemed so overcome I thought he was going to cry.

It was now mid day. I had lunch and chatted with some of the other girls. The rule was we couldn’t talk about what went on in the rooms except in a very general way. “It’s ok here,” one said, “No one ever pushes you into anything, and if you don’t like the look of someone you just say ‘no’. Though they like it if you then send someone else up.” It seemed that nearly all the guests knew what services were provided, though those that didn’t were kept in the dark. All girls had been told never to make the first step.

The rest of the afternoon passed off uneventfully. I was summoned to various rooms, but it was for real chambermaids work rather then specials. The old man in 42 didn’t call me back, I suspected it was because he was still getting over what had happened…I hoped so at least.

The end

FRENCH MAID – Day 2

My second day saw me doing normal chambermaid duties until about 9:30 when I was sent up to a room on the top floor. After knocking I went in to find a young man in his late 20s standing there in a sports jackets and casual trousers. He said his name was Mick, [Hello, well you keep writing me so I thought you’d like a role in this story, hope you aren’t angry]. He asked me to go to the window and then just lean forward with my arms resting on the ledge. I did as I was told.

He walked up behind me and then I felt him gently lift my skirt up and place it over my back. He muttered “Nice, oh very nice” and then he started to slowly stroke the backs of my legs with his fingertips. That really got to me. It was difficult to keep still. Slowly he worked his fingers up to my bottom, caressing and fondling the cheeks and my hips. Then I heard him kneel down and he started to kiss the backs of my legs, followed by licking along them and moving upwards. I moaned.

Finally he reached my panties, not a moment too soon, which he carefully

pulled down to my knees. Then, without warning, he simply thrust his face

into my pussy, his tongue ramming into me. Talk about standing on tiptoe, I

almost fell out the bloody window! It was pure heaven. He then started

simply to tongue fuck me really hard; his tongue thrusting in and out,

sometimes up and down and sometimes even in a circle. I was gripping the

window ledge really hard, it was almost hurting. I managed to push back once or twice, but mostly I felt too weak to do anything much except hold on

for dear life.

His hands meanwhile were either holding my hips or sometimes fondling my breasts through my dress. At one point I managed to undo the first two buttons and encourage him to actually touch them, he didn’t seem to mind that at all. All the time his tongue rentlessly attacked my pussy…and I was very close to the edge, in more ways then one.

And suddenly I was there,…moaning, head lolled right back, eyes closed, mouth open, hips thrusting back on to his face. Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhh…oh god! Yes did I come. For a few seconds more he licked around my pussy then, thankfully by now, he stopped. He sat back on the carpet, breathing hard.

“That was wonderful.” I said, and meant it.

He smiled. “On the bed please miss.”

“Of course, sir,” I replied as I climbed on to the double bed. He joined me and popped both of my breasts out of my bra. Straight away his mouth covered one breast while he used his hand and fingers on the other one. I felt my nipple being sucked up between his teeth; I felt them bite it carefully while his tongue flicked across it. He did everything he could to my breasts with his mouth, licked, sucked, run his lips over them…they were getting the full treatment, and all I had to do so far was lay back…just who was the guest in this hotel? He kept on my breasts for ten minute before telling me that he was worked up enough to finish himself.

“Where may I?” He asked.

That knocked me out. “Anyway you wish.” I mean I had to show gratefulness didn’t I?

He knelt up and moved over to the side of my face. “Just lay there please, with your mouth open if you don’t mind.”

Who was I to refuse? It was the first time I had had a good look at his cock. It was a bit bigger then normal, with a purple head poking out of the skin…like an acorn. I’d loved to have popped that in my mouth, but we had been told never to make moves, only to go along with what the guests wanted. So I lay there, mouth wide open.

He rubbed his cock a few times, exposing more of the head, back and forth and then suddenly he stopped, his neck muscle stood out he started intently at my face. From the tip of his cock poured forth a stream of milky cream cum, which dribbled straight into and around my mouth. It poured all over my tongue and coated my teeth and lips. It didn’t come in spurts, but just a steady stream…(he must have done this before!). I was amazed; this was something I had never seen. I felt it run around my mouth, slipping into my throat, down my tongue, sliding off my teeth. Some of it that had dribbled onto my lips and chin slid down my neck, making me go all goosebumpy. He smiled at me. I pushed my tongue out, making a lot of it pour out over my lips and joining the stuff already sliding down my neck.

He leaned forward so his softening cock touched my face…I twisted a little and sucked the soft head into my mouth, swirling it around with his cum, that seemed to knock him out a bit too. Finally I let it fall from my mouth.

“I’ll get a towel for you.” He said, A true gentleman to the end.

I returned downstairs for a shower and a rest.

The manager then asked me to come to his office. I was a little worried, what did this mean? I went in.

He told me to take a seat and then asked me how I liked the job. I told him I was enjoying it far more then I had through. He said he had been getting very good reports about me, and that a guest had left a present from yesterday. It was from the old man who had checked out earlier this morning. It turned out it was a note simply saying ‘thank you’ and some vouchers for Harrods of all places for £150!
