 This story picks up after a previous story, The Dinner Party, leaves off. 

*****

It had been awhile since we'd done anything crazy and we were both ready for another fun night. I had some surprises in mind for Kate but she knows to expect the unexpected when I plan something.

We'd had some wine with a light dinner and then retreated to our bedroom. Not too much wine, but enough to relax some inhibitions. I kissed her slowly on the neck and began undressing her, reaching around behind her to unzip her casual dress and then slipping it down her sleek body as she wiggled her hips to help me. She was wearing a sheer lace bra that showed off her perky breasts with their hard, dark nipples and a matching thong. She ran her hands up over her waist and pushed her breasts together lightly before bringing her hands up behind her neck, holding her hair up on top of her head and spinning slowly before me.

From my nightstand drawer, I pulled out a luxurious eyemask and placed it on her head, over her eyes. Her breath caught as I positioned it and she bit her lower lip slightly. I led her to the bed and had her lay down on her back. 

"Here's your last Christmas present," I said, reaching under the pillows for the restraint system I'd bought that works on beds without posts. I snapped the restraint around one wrist and then the other. Kate drew another ragged breath and sank deep into the sheets; being tied up is one of her most compelling fantasies. She cooperated as I secured each ankle, placing her legs slightly spread.

I straddled her on the bed and kissed her lips and her neck, brushing her hair out of her face. She arched her back to meet me and squirmed a little against the leg restraints. I traced a finger lightly down Kate's body and across her panties as she pushed against my hand. Her panties were already very damp.

"You're a dirty boy," she said through a grin. "what are you going to do to me?"

"I'm going to make sure you cum and keep cumming all night. I've got more surprises for you."

Just then the doorbell rang and I giggled... "for example..."

Kate stiffened, "you didn't..."

"I did!"

I bounded to the front door while Kate struggled against the restraints, grunting, and yelling my name after me.

I opened the door to our waiter friend Pierre, who we'd met at an erotic dinner party and a friend of his who he introduced as Hamady, a Senegalese friend of his from France. Hamady was tall and well-built and had a big smile to go along with his French accent that I knew Kate would love.

"She's waiting for you, upstairs," I said and led them up the stairs. No sense in wasting any time; we all knew why they were there.

"Bonjour, Kate," announced Pierre as he bounded into the bedroom, where she lay on her back in her sexy lingerie, restrained, "I brought you a nice present."

Kate now had a slight smirk on her face as I walked quietly into the room with Hamady. "we talked about this, Kate, how much you wanted to see Pierre again and continue trying new things..."

"Yeah, but I thought we'd plan it... you know... together..." she slowly drawled.

"It wouldn't happen if we waited for that, Kate, you know it. It's ok. You're allowed to like this. I'm happy to set it all up. I promise you'll enjoy yourself and we can stop anytime you want."

Kate took a deep breath, sighed, and then grinned, "ok, then. What'd you bring me, Pierre?"

"Wait and see."

Kate started against her restraints, but Pierre was moving close to her and taking his pants off as he did. He leaned on the edge of the bed and flopped his slowly stiffening cock on her chin. Kate turned her face and opened her mouth, sticking the tip of her tongue out and flicking the underside of Pierre's cock. 

"This is a very nice present, Pierre," she said before slowly engulfing him in her mouth and moving her mouth up and down on his cock as he kneeled above her.

"Oh, that's not your present, Kate," responded Pierre as he pulled his shirt over his head.

With my encouragement, Hamady walked to the other side of the bed, removed his clothes and knelt next to Kate on the bed. She might have thought the noise of the creaking bed was from my climbing on it, or she might have sensed the third man in the room. But as she continued to work on Pierre's now stiff cock, Hamady laid his huge semi-hard cock on her face and she gasped. As Pierre pulled out of her mouth, she turned and worked her lips over Hamady's tip. Kate moaned as she realized how big he was and she slid her mouth over the tip as it grew and grew, but she couldn't take much more. She stopped and gasped, "it's enormous! I can't fit it in my mouth! I want to see it!"

I walked over and undid the restraints on her wrists and removed her eyemask. When she saw Hamady, her eyebrows rose and she immediately grabbed his dick and started rubbing it. She sat up in bed, and soon had one dick in each hand, taking turns stroking them and sucking them, even rubbing their heads together and giggling as she did. Kate's hard nipples poked through her sexy bra and the men reached down to play with her perfect breasts.

"Do you like your present?" and without waiting for answer I made a suggestion, "Why don't we get that pussy ready for some action?" After I undid her ankles, I laid down the bed, beckoning Kate to lower her pussy on to my mouth, which she did without letting go of her grip on her two, new best friends. Her pussy was as wet as it had ever been and my tongue danced over her glistening clit as I slid one finger and then two into her pussy. She bucked above me and pushed her clit down on my mouth as I heard muffled groans coming from around the cocks that filled her mouth. She ground down on me and her body shook as she came, but she never stopped working on Hamady and Pierre. My own cock was standing at attention by now.

Kate finally came up for air, a crazed look on her face, her cheeks wet with saliva from slurping on two cocks.

"I need to get fucked. Right now."

Kate turned and lowered herself on to my cock, not in her usual slow, gradual way, but all at once, violently, impaling herself and beginning to move fast up and down and rocking her hips forward. She kept her balance by holding on to the two cocks, occasionally taking one of them in her mouth. She moved violently, alternating between moving her hips forward and back and up and down over my cock.

'"mmmmm... so good... So many nice cocks... merry Christmas to me..."

"I've got an idea," suggested Hamady and Kate slowly came to stop on my cock. "Get on your hands and knees, Kate." As she moved off my dick, he manipulated himself underneath her and began licking her pussy. I clambered off the bed and as she arched her back and flung her head backwards, I put my cock, dripping with her pussy juices, into her mouth. After playing with Hamady's massive dick, Kate was now able to take mine further into her mouth than she'd ever done, past the point where she'd have gagged in the past, and she moved quickly up and down on it as I groaned with pleasure. Pierre took the opportunity to mount Kate from behind, sliding his thick cock into her lubricated pussy, past Hamady's flickering tongue. Kate was in ecstasy, shoving her ass back into Pierre to meet his thrusting while continuing to work on my cock with her talented tongue. To my surprise, after a few minutes of pounding away at her, Pierre took his cock from Kate's pussy and put in Hamady's face, "go ahead and suck it, Hamady," and to my even bigger surprise, Hamady immediately began slurping on it. Pierre than alternated between fucking Kate's pussy and Hamady's mouth, with Kate slamming against his cock when it was inside her and moaning and craning her neck to see Hamady sucking it when it wasn't. I stepped back and just watched because she couldn't concentrate on sucking my cock with all that crazy action.

Suddenly and without warning, Pierre let out a grunt and pulled out of Kate's pussy, shooting a string of cum on to Hamady's face. He then plunged back into Kate's pussy while continuing to shoot his cum which seeped out the side of Kate's pussy around him and dripped into Hamady's waiting mouth. Pierre finally slipped out of Kate's swollen pussy with a pop, and Hamady immediately began to lick her pussy, cleaning it of Pierre's load.

"I'm ready to try that big black cock now that I'm stretched out and lubed up. It's now or never," Kate said with a grin. She moved backward and, holding her pussy lips apart, lowered herself slowly on to Hamady. She pursed her lips and took a quick breath, which she let out slowly and just managed to slide the tip of Hamady's big black cock into her cum slicked pussy. She took a few deep breaths while holding herself there and then slowly began to move up and down, but still only a few inches of his nine-inch cock disappeared into her vagina. I took this opportunity to pull the straps of her lace bra down off her shoulders so that Pierre and I could play with her boobs and their hard pointy nipples. Kate continued to work on Hamaday, taking about four inches into her stretched out pussy and beginning to move faster up and down, her breasts now beginning to bounce as we teased her nipples with our teeth and tongues. Her neck was flushed and she was close to coming again. Strange noises were coming from her throat and her eyes rolled back in her head.

"Don't cum in my pussy, Hamady. I want to taste it. I want to swallow it," Kate spat out through gritted teeth as she could feel Hamady getting larger as he got closer to his own orgasm.

As she sensed his impeding orgasm, Kate hopped off Hamady and immediately put her mouth over the tip of his cock, stroking it with her hand. He clenched and began to shoot his cum into Kate's mouth as she continued to pump it, the cum sliding down his cock, out of her mouth. Her voice was muffled as she yelled and used her free hand on her pussy which was sticking up the air. Pierre was hard again and quickly filled her up with his cock as she came over and over, her legs quivering, and lifted her mouth off Hamady's dick, licking her cum covered lips. She leaned forward and kissed Hamady, dripping cum into his mouth as their tongues danced and tangled.

There was no time for Hamady to get out of the way; I straddled him and shoved my dick in Kate's mouth again; she moved quickly and expertly over the head as Pierre continued to pound her from behind. She took my cock deeper with each thrust of Pierre's cock, her breasts jiggling in Hamady's hands as I came closer to coming. I could hear Pierre's breath grow ragged and Kate tense for another orgasm and as he filled my wife with another load of his hot cum, I pulled out and shot all over her open mouth and face as her tongue flicked the underside of my cock. She shuddered against Pierre's orgasm and swallowed my load as she came yet again. We collapsed into a big sweaty pile, exhausted, sticky smiles on all our faces.