 All the cheerleaders are over the age of 18, and John, a college professor, is well past 18.

This is the third chapter telling of John's adventures with the cheerleaders. 

*****

We left Mary in a bit of discomfort with 9 girls listening in at the door.

*****

Mary struggled to pull John's hand from her crotch pleading, "Oh god, please John. You're hurting me. Please stop." Her voice was almost panicked and quavered as she shuddered and tried to escape from the John's probing fingers.

Sensing her discomfort, John released her and Mary pushed her way, on her backside, toward the head board of her bed away from John. Her legs were still spread displaying her well worked pussy which was releasing John's semen making her swollen lips glisten with the wet sticky mess. 

John recognized Mary's discomfort but decided it was time for a little payback for her earlier attempt at nut cracking and faster than Mary could react, extended his hand and inserted his index finger into her pussy which had yet to close up.

Mary moaned in resignation, "Oh John. You're hurting me."

Outside the door, the girls were shocked at the pleas they heard coming from the bedroom. None of them had been at ease with the deal with John. They hadn't been comfortable, but they didn't have a choice, and until a few seconds ago Mary seemed to be enjoying herself.

In an instant that changed. He was abusing her and showed no signs of stopping even though Mary was begging. They didn't know what was happening to Mary.

Mary was Carly's best friend. Deal or no deal, no grade was worth what he was doing to Mary. In an instant, she had the door open and was racing to Mary's aid. 

As she entered the room, what she saw was John forcing Mary's back against the head board of the bed. With nowhere to go, she was pleading for him to stop, and the sick bastard was grinning at her as he fingered her. 

With strength born of adrenaline, she grabbed John by the shoulder to pull him off Mary and turned him around where she could get at him, and drove a fist into his face. 

Between being jerked around forcefully and struck hard in the face, John fell on his back, stunned. Blood trickled from his nose.

In a move that Ronda Rousey would have appreciated, Carly mounted John. She planted a knee on one side of his hips and then rode up over his body bringing the other knee to rest on the other side. As she did so her crotch rode over Johns still erect dick. With the loose legs of her panties, her wet pussy slid over John's erection. It came to rest under her crotch near her opening. Under other circumstances, they would have both enjoyed it. Now, Carly didn't even notice. She drew back a fist and prepared for the ground and pound that John deserved.

There were only two ways this could end. Either she would beat John to a pulp for what he had done to Mary, or he would overcome her and beat her. It didn't look like it would be the latter. He wasn't trying to defend himself. He was just holding up open palms as blood ran down his face.

An instant before she could rain blows down on John, a hand grabbed her wrist. With a quivering voice, "Carly, stop! He didn't hurt me. I'm ok." The voice belonged to Mary, the only person in the room that could have convinced her to stop.

With a look of total confusion, Carly's head turned to her friend, "But we heard you. You were begging the bastard to stop."

Mary, in a small but steadier voice, "I know, but it wasn't because he was hurting me. I had too much sex and couldn't take any more. I couldn't even stand to be touched."

With rising uncertainty, "I shouldn't have hit him?"

"No, sweetie."

Carly turned to face John realizing that he hadn't done anything. It had been a mistake. Blood covered his face. Tears came to her eyes as she looked at the blood and it occurred to her that now she, and probably all the girls, would fail the class. He had to be angry.

She raced through an apology, "It was all my fault. None of the girls had anything to do with this. Just fail me."

No longer in a rage to defend Mary, she felt something pressing hard into her crotch. Not realizing what it was, she raised up and squirmed to relieve the pressure. As she did so the tip of John's shaft suddenly lined up with her pussy, which was still wet from eavesdropping at the door, and two inches just popped into her wet slit.

With a look of shock, Carly's sat straight up as she felt herself penetrated. Her eyes closed and opened wide as she felt him slide inside her. Carly let out a long drawn out sigh as she rocked her hips feeling John's erection throbbing partially inside her, "Unhhhhh."

Mary was ready to get off the bed, "Carly, can you let me out of here?" 

Carly didn't move; didn't seem to hear her. 

With a glimmer of suspicion, "Carly, You're not?" Then, seeing Carly rock her hips and the sensuous ripple of her torso, "You are! Carly, you are a complete slut," but she wasn't serious. 

Even though the attack on John had been a mistake, for Mary, it affirmed that Carly had her back, no matter what. She couldn't be angry at her.

The girls standing behind Carly could see her face in the mirror and heard the small moan she let out. One girl leaned in a little closer to Carly and pulled the baggy panties aside far enough to see Johns dick partially inserted in Carly's pussy.

Releasing the leg of the panties, "They're doing it!"

Giving up on assistance, Mary squirmed her way off the bed to stand by the rest of the girls who were staring in awe at the mirror in front of Carly.

They could see every twitch of her lips, the small twists of her head, and her excited and erect nipples standing at attention through her thin nighty.

None of them had ever watched anyone fuck in plain view. They weren't voyeurs but this show just happened. Oh, they had heard through dorm walls as roommates had become loud during sex sessions, but this was real; very real. None of them could take their eyes off the pair on the bed.

As it turned out, neither listening to real sex nor watching porn videos produced anything like the sensation they were getting now while watching Carly, a good friend, riding a hard dick cowgirl style five feet in front of them. Watching proved to be very arousing. As Carly rode John, several hands found their way into moist panties.

There wasn't a dry pussy in the apartment as the possibility of being fucked by John was looking better, no longer the onerous debt that had been hanging over them. 

After her initial shock of getting unexpectedly speared, Carly calmed enough to get a good look at Johns face. "I am so sorry. Let me get a washcloth," and started to dismount.

John's hands at once slid up her thighs to her hips to hold her in place. He looked into her eyes, "If you try get off before you finish this, I just might fail you," and he rocked his hips enough to put another inch of himself into Carly. 

Carly groaned a low satisfied groan, "Ummmm, ok," and clinched her teeth as John penetrated her even further.

After a short pause, she reached down for the tail of her nighty. This she snaked up over her body leaving her naked except for the baggie panties which weren't covering much and had been no protection at all.

John was awestruck at Carly's body. Her breast were not large, B cups by his estimation, but were firm with big areolas and perky nipples, which were hard and standing up proudly. Her breasts weren't her only assets. She had nice abs. Not the 6 pack that John had, but sexy bulges in all the right spots. He could tell that she worked for this body. It wasn't just an accident of her youth. 

There was plenty to lust for in this apartment, 10 beautiful young and nearly willing girls, but Carly stirred feelings he hadn't felt in years. 

John's hands roamed from her hips to her tummy and then slid on up her body to her breasts where they stopped and explored. Unlike when he and Mary had been testing their pain and pleasure thresholds, Carly's breasts were treated to gentle exploration as he squeezed her mounds tenderly and then squeezed hard nipples between thumb and forefinger. He squeezed enough to get her attention, but not enough to hurt.

As his hands plied her breasts, the little pilot light which had been keeping her pussy warm suddenly turned on like the burner on a gas stove. Her pussy, which had been lukewarm, was simmering on its way to a boil. 

While John's hand were caressing Carly's breasts, she took a corner of her nighty and began carefully wiping at the blood on John's face. She was trying her best not to hurt him any more than she already had. 

As she wiped, she lowered herself further onto John's spear. As she did so John was treated to that awesome feel that all men get as their shafts sink to the hilt into a woman's pussy. Carly felt the same way.

At this point, Carly was so distracted by what Johns stiff rod was doing to her, she could no longer focus on wiping the blood away and her efforts became occasional and then dwindled to nonexistent. She shut her eyes, moaned a low satisfied moan. Her chest began to heave as she luxuriated in the feel of John's throbbing erection inside her pussy and the gentle caressing of her breasts.

When she had consumed every inch that John had to offer, both of them gave in to the urge to go deeper and forced their hungry crotches tightly together. Feeling the full heat of desire, both grunted as they tried for that last bit of penetration.

Soon, Carly rocked her hips, rhythmically moving John's stiff dick in and out of her pussy. To avoid allowing her to accidentally slide completely off his erection, John grabbed her ass pulling her hips toward him. 

Soon, Carly's breasts tightened into hard knots as she felt herself getting close to an orgasm. As she got closer, she rocked her hips ever faster, finally placing her hands behind her on John's knees to allow her to thrust herself harder and deeper onto John's rod which felt like it was on fire in her pussy. 

John was nearing the same precipice and thrust himself into Carly, raising his ass a foot off the bed with each thrust with Carly riding on top of him trying not to be bucked off. 

Soon Carly was wailing, "Unhhhh... unhhuh...," as her pussy began the spasms of an orgasm. The muscles of her pussy were grasping John's dick, squeezing it tightly. The first time her pussy clamped down on John's dick, it began a series of hard contractions that sent jets of cum into Carly. Her pussy felt each of his squirts and responded with contractions of its own. Long minutes passed before their orgasms subsided.

With her chest heaving and emotionally drained, Carly, careful to not lose John's dick, lowered her torso to rest her breasts on John's chest. As her breast flattened themselves to John's body, he wrapped his arms around her and held her. It was some time before she would even think about moving off John, oblivious to the audience that had stood silently having watched the hottest sex they had ever seen.

Mary was impressed with John's staying power, but wasn't sure how much longer he would last. Two times was the most a guy had ever been able to fuck her without some down time. This was John's what? Third or fourth fuck, including shooting his load. His semen was still oozing out of her own pussy and he had gone straight from her pussy to Carly's. No rest. She'd seen the look on Carly's face as she had been plowed by John and knew that Carly wasn't the only one to cum. She had read it in the satisfaction on Carly's face. John had cum as well.

She walked around the bed and whispered to Carly, "Would you be ok if we let Beth have her turn? I don't see how he can last much longer and Beth will be disappointed if she doesn't get her turn. I think she's already started without him."

"Started without him? How could she..." Then it dawned on her what Mary meant. Locating Beth at the door, she could see that she had a hand in her panties and was slowly rubbing herself.

Still impaled on John's manhood, she called to Beth, "Ok, you can stop playing with yourself and have the real thing."

She started to dismount, but John didn't appear to be ready to let her go. He lifted his hips a couple of times, forcing inches of himself into her still receptive pussy.

"Ok. OK. Stop that John." Her body shuddered as she fought the almost overwhelming urge to slide back down on him and start over. She fought it and lifted herself off his erection, a process that took a lot longer than you might think. When she was finished, she leaned down, opened her mouth, and gave John a sloppy wet kiss. "I'll be back later to apologize properly and I expect you to be ready!"

Mary replied, "You can fuck his brains out all night if you want, but I think Beth's hurting."

She whispered to Beth, "You should get started soon. I'm surprised he's lasted this long. Don't give him a chance to cool off. If he does, he won't be worth a damn until morning, maybe all weekend. And be gentle with his balls. I'm pretty sure they're sore." As the author of his pain, Mary would know.

"I can always get a man hard any time I want," Beth replied as she reached down and gave John's stiff dick a squeeze. "Doesn't look like I have anything to worry about, but just to be safe, let's get started. You have had a busy day."

She got on her knees, pushed his legs apart, and positioned herself between them. "Can't have you going limp before you get the best blow job you've ever had." With that, she leaned down, opened her mouth, and sucked in the head of his dick still wet with juices from Carly's pussy.

John was surprised. He hadn't expect what she was doing or how forward she was, nothing bashful about Beth. She hadn't even wiped it off. Soon, the only thing on his mind was Beth's mouth on his dick. He had had a lot of blow jobs, but Beth was right. This could be the best.

John sat back and allowed Beth's mouth to work its magic on his stiff member. She seemed to know everything that a woman could do to a man's dick with her mouth. She also seemed ready to try them all.

Teeth are normally a no-no in oral sex. Beth used them to great effect applying sufficient pressure to produce pain, enough pain to get John's attention while not seriously injuring him. He jerked upright a couple of times as she gnawed at his erection. 

She was also unbelievable at hoovering, sucking so hard at times that it was painful. He wondered if he could get a hicky on his dick. Beth knew it was time to ease off the suction when he flinched too much or if she tasted blood. All the while, her fingers squeezed, stroked, and twisted at his shaft. 

After what felt like 10 minutes, Beth tried a new trick. She began slowly inching his rod further into her mouth. As it reached the back of her throat, she gagged. 

Red faced, she backed off. Looking directly into John's eyes, "Don't worry, you won't hurt me but it will take me a while to get past the place where I gag. Once I'm there, I'll finish you off."

She took him back in her mouth and began repeating the attempt to swallow his entire length. The first few times ended like the first with Beth gagging and pulling off red faced. Each time she had forced his long stiff dick a little further. 

Finally, as if giving up, Beth stood, "I'm not going to be able to do it in this position." But she wasn't giving up. Instead, she laid on the bed, on her back, allowing her head to hang over the edge providing a straight path from her mouth to her throat. 

She ordered John, "Get up. You're going to have to do the work now. You know what I want."

John was impressed with Beth's tenacity. In a few seconds he was standing over her head with his erect dick pointing at an eager mouth. She opened wide and John pushed his dick forward into her mouth slowly waiting for the gag that would be his cue to back off and repeat.

Feeling John was being too tentative, she pushed him off, grabbed his ass with both hands and ordered, "Harder!" With Beth controlling his penetration of her throat, she gagged a couple more times. Suddenly, everything must have been right and Beth pulled his crotch to her face with force until his balls rested against her forehead and her lips were against his crotch, unable to go further. 

One last time, Beth backed off, "Ok, finish it now. Go until you cum."

None of the girls had ever seen oral sex like this. At first, they had been standing back a discreet distance. But now, they had all gathered around the end of the bed to see every detail as Beth mastered John's dick. They could see the swell of her neck each time John hunched his dick into her mouth and beyond.

Once Beth had completed the initial throat fuck, nothing seemed to be too much for her.

After a series of pumps, which became furious as John got closer to blowing his load down her throat, Beth could feel that he was ready. She backed off until just the slick purple head was in her mouth, sucked hard one last time, causing John's dick to jerk forcefully in her mouth.

If he had had any semen left, Beth would have gotten a wonderful mouth full. As it was, she felt the glory of his erection rewarding her efforts, but no cum!

When John was done, she looked from Mary to Carly and complained, "You two drained him completely! I hardly got a drop in my mouth. That's it. I'm going first tomorrow!"

After repositioning herself on the bed, "We're not done. I like to finish with a good fast fuck."

As he crawled up the bed between her legs, he realized that he had let her down. It wasn't the first time he'd shot his load in a girl's mouth but it was the first time one had complained that he hadn't shot enough cum in her mouth. He proceeded to fuck her hard for 10 minutes. His dick, with no juice left, went through the motions of cumming several times as he forced it to make amends. As long as it was hard, and she needed it, he'd give it to her.

He felt Beth's body tense and thrash a couple of times as she was racked with intense orgasms which were accompanied by loud moans that were probably heard by the neighbors.

She wrapped arms and legs around him locking him inside her until she felt his dick begin to shrink and slide out of her.

She released him and in a tone that said his performance was barely passable, "That was ok, but I expect you to do better," and rolled him off and stood up, preparing to go take a much needed shower. John stood up with her and shrugged at what had apparently been a subpar performance on his part. 

The girls couldn't believe she was disparaging that performance. Both of them had been spectacular.

Beth had had 3 orgasms during the session and hadn't realized the toll they had taken on her. As she started to walk, her legs buckled. The only thing that kept her from falling was John's quick reflexes and strong arms. He caught her with arms around her torso, one hand cupping a breast.

With a strong hand squeezing her breast, in a low voice not meant for anyone to hear, "Oh shiiittt that was good!"

It hadn't been as low as she planned and every girl in the apartment cracked up laughing at her.

Even John snickered, "You had me going there. I thought I was losing my touch."

Standing nearby, looking at a limp and shrunken dick, Carly said, "Well, you have lost something. He's not Iron Man after all."

*****

To be continued.