 --------------------------------
All of the characters in this story are over 18; a few just barely. In this first installment, you won't encounter the four hour erection although, if you add up all the hours Dr. Smith is erect, it would be more than 4 hours. We'll get to the 4 hour erection shortly in a future installment assuming at least a few comments indicate it is worth writing more. Nor will you read about any actual sex in this first installment.

This is my first story. That is not strictly true. I have a couple of others somewhere between written and submitted and a number of others somewhere between idea and completed. Writing without actually getting them submitted/accepted is a bit like masturbation. It's just not the real thing. 

I'm open to criticism and try learn from my mistakes which I seem to keep making. Hopefully, any mistakes here aren't deemed beyond repair. If you find my style completely unacceptable, then like the TV, change the channel.
--------------------------------

The Cheerleading Squad, all ten of them, had taken Dr. Smith's College Algebra class. It was the lowest level math class they could take to meet degree requirements. Of course, there were several sections. Smith's section was selected because they had heard that he 'liked' pretty girls. They thought they could take advantage of this. It would be an easy A. 

Some of the older girls had 'worked on' other instructors. They had always been able to get what they wanted, by hook or crook, which meant they either had them thinking with the little head or maneuvered them into a compromising position and then a little subtle blackmail always did the trick.

A month later, they were close to drop day before it dawned on them that Dr. Smith might not take the bait. Oh, he was enjoying the view which had gotten progressively hotter as drop day approached. They had taken turns sitting in the front of the class in the shortest cheerleading outfits they had, legs spread, prominently displaying a variety of different colored panties and some of the finest thighs on campus.

They had put out all of the luscious bait at their disposal; short girls, tall girls, Asian girls, black girls, Latino girls, bleach blonds, brunettes, skinny ones and stocky ones. It was a very diverse group of girls. All of them were gorgeous and most of them knew it. It seemed like their strategy had to work. It looked like he had spent most of the semester up to this point with a boner. 

For god's sake, he even lost his place in his lecture at times and one day he'd stopped class 20 minutes early and walked out of class sporting a big woody. Sensing this might be their opportunity, a couple of the girls had followed him until he headed into the men's room clutching his crotch. They'd heard his groans as they stood outside the restroom door and knew he'd been pleasuring himself. 

Unfortunately, he'd never made a move on any of them. Just one move, one touch, one inappropriate suggestion and he would have been theirs! They had nothing but an erection to indicate that he was affected. Threatening to go to the Dean to say "We've been sitting on the front row in Dr. Smith's class flashing our sweet little pussies and he had a hard on" probably wouldn't make good blackmail material. 

Beth had been nominated to try another tactic that had been used successfully before by friends. She had arranged to be the last person in class and said, "I'm afraid I'm getting in trouble in your class. I really need help. Maybe some close personal tutoring time?" As she said this, she was sitting astride the corner of his desk with legs spread wide. She'd rolled the waist band of her skirt a couple times to shorten it to the point that he had to see the camel toe she was flaunting. The panties had been purposefully selected; a couple sizes too small so that they would ride up between her pussy lips with no help at all. 

This was a sure fire tactic which didn't work. 

Oh, he'd observed her thighs and camel toe alright. It had given him the desired hard on and she was careful to make sure 'he knew that she knew' that he was staring at her and she put on a huge fake grin as she admired his wood. Actually, it wasn't really a fake grin. He was sporting a really nice bulge. Even if he was 40, she couldn't help but get a little wet just looking at the big bulge. She had him. 

It was then that he said, "I think I know just what you need," while looking right down between her beautiful exposed legs at her camel toe. "Oh yes, I know what you need." Setting the hook, Beth leaned back provocatively to better reveal her camel toe. "Let me give you a phone number of one of our student tutors. He should be able to help you out with that," as he stared right at her camel toe. 

They had been so confident that they could get him into a compromising situation that they'd not worked on his class at all. They were in such a hole by drop day that if their plan didn't work, they were certain to fail his class. 

Desperate times call for desperate measures.

The day after drop day, standing outside the gym waiting for practice to start, Carly was bitching, "I've got the highest grade on the squad and I've got a fuckin' 27 average on the two tests we've had in that dick head Smith's class. If I got an A on the next two tests, I'd still fail and that would be impossible. Is he even speaking English? I haven't understood one god damned word he's said all semester." The rest of the squad slumped and nodded agreement. Carly continued, "What are we going to do? If we fail this class, we'll be off the squad. Hell, the school won't even have a cheer leading squad if we fail. We're all here. Do any of you think you can pass this class?"

Beth who was not the brainiest of the cheerleaders, reluctantly said, "I don't know. Maybe. I've got a tutor."

Francine moaned, "Hell, I wish I had a 27. I just as well stop going to cheerleading practice now. I can't do math. Really, there's only two things I'm any good at; cheerleading and sex."

Mary, who was one of the more astute of the girls, though not any more mathematically inclined, said, "Maybe we've been too subtle."

"What the fuck do you mean, too subtle?" growled Carly. "We've done everything but fuck the old bastard. Hell, I've flashed him so often, it's starting to make me wet. How creepy is that?"

Mary replied, "Well, I don't know about any of you, but I can't afford to lose my cheerleading scholarship. If I fail this class, I'll be out of school. If fucking him is what it takes, it works for me. What about the rest of you?"

Several girls acknowledged that they also had scholarships riding on cheerleading and they all enjoyed the prestige of being cheerleaders. It practically made them horny just knowing that the eyes of every male student, and more than a few girls, in the stands were looking at them. 

Nor did any of them want to face their parents when grades came out and explain how they had gotten kicked off the cheerleading squad.

Carly said, "Ok, we've tried everything but stripping on the front row of class and I thought Francine was going to try that last week. What do you propose? Giving him blowjobs in class?"

Mary said, "No, we can't do that. It might work on him, but we'd get thrown out of school, so same problem; off the squad and no scholarship. But, we're probably going to have to put out for him. It doesn't look like a good show is going to be enough. We all know he wants it, but he's just too smart to do something stupid for anything less. Heaven knows we've all tried."

Carly said, "Hell, at this point I'd fuck the old bastard if it'd get me a passing grade. What are you suggesting Mary?"

Mary told them, "We're going to have to make it clear, without making it too clear, what we're willing to do, but we need to do it in such a way that he doesn't have to do or say anything that would put him at risk or be incriminating, at least around school where he might be caught. He's got to know exactly what we're offering without us saying what we're offering and without him having to say what he wants what we're offering."

Beth said, "But wouldn't fucking him be incriminating to us?" Mary and Carly gave her head shake and a 'you poor thing' look.

Mary said, "We'll need what you might call a Mexican standoff. Where we all have something really bad on each other but where everyone can get what they want if it's played right. He gets fucked and we get our grades. No one can talk because it would incriminate them as well. Either everyone wins or everyone loses and no one gets anything. This will work. He's probably had blue ball since the beginning of the semester."

Mary felt bad having to propose this idea, but she really couldn't afford to lose her scholarship and she knew several of the other girls were in the same position. For most of them, what she was proposing would be ok. They would just view it as a trade; Dr. Smith gets what he wants and they get what they need. No harm done. The two new girls, Micki and Tanya, were a different story. Most of the girls fucked just for the fun of it. Micki and Tanya didn't. Micki was a virgin. She wasn't sure they could handle it, but both of them needed it as much as anyone else on the squad.

Micki and Tanya had drifted together at the back of the group of girls. They had looks of concern on their faces and began whispering. 

They weren't like the other girls on the squad. They liked the girls on the squad a lot. They had been welcomed and looked after but weren't as experienced as the older girls. They didn't view their cheerleading as an opportunity to show off to all the boys in school. For them, cheerleading had been an athletic activity and more importantly, a chance to make friends which didn't come as easily for them as the other girls. The squad had taken the two conservative Freshmen girls in and been like big sisters to them. They had a bond with these girls and felt strongly about not letting them down, but this would literally be "taking one for the team."

Tanya, who had a boyfriend back home, had been trying to save herself for him. They had said they wouldn't be exclusive, but she had been. The next time she had sex, she planned on it being with him. She whispered to Micki, "I'm not sure I can do this."

Micki quietly whispered back, "Me either. I'm not opposed to sex. I figured my first time would be at college, but I thought it would be with a nice boy I chose. Not some guy old enough to be my father that I have to fuck to pass Algebra."

Tanya said, "I know. Not very romantic, but Carly does have a point. I need that scholarship. If I don't keep it, I'll have to go home and my future will be ruined and my parents will be devastated. Its cost them a lot, as it is, for me to be here. I couldn't face them."

Dejectedly, Micki said, "Oh, me too. I get the feeling that if he takes the deal, it will be for the whole team. So, if we don't do this, we'll be responsible for all the girls failing and getting kicked off the team or losing their scholarships too! I don't think we have a choice." 

Since it was her idea, Mary was appointed spokesperson for the squad and made an appointment to see Dr. Smith privately in his office after class. For moral support, or perhaps more correctly, immoral support, Carly would accompany her.

Just before the meeting, Mary and Carly went to ladies restroom, took off their panties, and once more, rolled the waist bands of their skirts up a couple of extra inches. This might require some serious salesmanship.

Dr. Smith, with a leering grin, ushered them into his office. He pulled a couple of chairs in front of his desk and offered the girls seats. It was an intentional seating arrangement placing them in the open for him to view. He would be seated behind his desk. It was to be a one way show. These weren't the first desperate girls he'd seen. Just the first ones he'd considered doing anything with. Knowing that drop day was gone, he knew he had them between the proverbial "rock and a hard place." Now to see what they would offer up.

Mary and Carly sat down and immediately crossed their legs giving a great shot underneath one leg nearly up to their fine little asses. Only a hint of the treasure between their legs was revealed for just a brief second as they crossed their legs. You could have missed it if you weren't looking for it or if they hadn't paused just a second before finishing the crossing of the legs. He was looking for it.

The girls were both nervous due to the importance of the situation and there was a bit of sexual tension as well that had both girls sweet little shaved pussies beginning to get moist and it wasn't sweat. It was hard to sit there and not get turned on a little knowing what they were getting ready to suggest, and knowing where this little game was leading, and further knowing that he was probably already stiff as a poker sitting there behind his desk. At least their panties wouldn't get wet!

Mary had decided that being as direct and honest as possible, at least to the extent possible given you didn't want to spell anything out, was probably the way to go so she started with, "I have been appointed to speak for the cheerleading squad. As you know, the entire squad is in your class and we are all going to fail unless we can get your help."

Dr. Smith, whose eyes had never focused above their waists up to this point, looked them directly in the eyes and said, "Ladies, what you say is very true. You may fail my class. I'm not sure what you want me to do for you. Students have to work for their grades. My class is no exception." 

Both girls could see the window of opportunity opening for them. He hadn't said they were going to fail. He said they might fail. He had said students needed to work for their grades and he knew as well as they did that there was no way for them to bring up their grades with only two tests remaining. No amount of studying would yield passing averages. He could do the math. He had a PhD in Math for god's sake. So, he must mean there was some other way they could earn a passing grade. It was the first time he had shown any sign that they might be able to sway him, but it was obviously going to take a bigger commitment than the little skin flick they had been showing him. A lot more! 

At least they hadn't taken 70 year old Professor Jenkin's section. They weren't even sure he still remembered what sex was. They would have been sunk in his class. Here, they might just have some room to drive a hard bargain.

Mary continued, "Dr. Smith, we know this situation is unusual and that, well, girls sometimes try to get teachers into compromising positions. So, before we go any further, just let us say that you don't need to worry about us. We don't want to do anything that might compromise our student teacher relationship which we want to protect as much as you. In fact, we don't want you to do or say anything right now. We'll do all the talking." 

Dr. Smith's face had a puzzled look on it. He had been expecting something. He wasn't exactly sure what. He had seen many, many desperate girls with as many creative approaches, but whatever he might have expected, this wasn't it. Hmmm, a new twist on an old story. He was curious now.

"So, girls, how do you think I can help you?" This was a test. If the girls were still playing the original game, it would be revealed now. If they failed his little test, he would hurry them out of the office and reveal their game to his secretary which would establish how innocent he was and how tawdry they were, and then he'd go home and masturbate for an hour. Of course, in that case, the girls would fail and probably be kicked out of school. That would be a real shame!

Mary began detailing, in a roundabout way, how he could help them, "Please don't say anything. We'd rather you took time to carefully consider our situation, and how much we need you" and then continued with their plea for some scholarly help. "We're certain that we could all do enough to earn a passing grade if you could find the time to give us some close personal tutoring. Given how many of us there are, and with only a couple of months till finals, it would need to be a group thing and would probably be best if it was done off campus, perhaps at one of our apartments, say on Friday nights. It will probably require every Friday between now and finals week for you to catch us up." 

As Mary gave the verbal pitch, both she and Carly employed a little visual aid. They both uncrossed their legs briefly and subtly spread them just far enough that Dr. Smith could see that neither girl was wearing panties, and then re-crossed them in the other direction with the same slight hesitation just as their bare crotches were once again exposed for just a second.

Mary finished the sales pitch with, "If we are going to get enough tutoring in to pass your class, we think we'll need to start this Friday at, say, 6:00 p.m. We're so far behind we may have to pull a bunch of all-nighters. Now, knowing how sensitive some of the faculty can be to anything that might even look the slightest bit inappropriate, we think it best if this be kept strictly confidential; just between you and us." This last was said with a conspiratorial look on her face. She paused just a second and went on. "In fact, we don't want you to give us an answer now. Don't say anything." She took a card from her small clutch and continued. "Here is the address where we would love to be tutored really 'hard' if you are up to a 'stiff' challenge. The girls are all so desperate to pass Algebra that they will likely jump right out of their clothes if you show up this Friday. I know Carly and I will." Carly nodded agreement. "So, please, see if you can find it in your heart to help us pass your class. We know it will be a really big imposition on you and we would all be proud to work so closely 'under you'." She emphasized certain words to be sure she wasn't misunderstood and both girls put an exclamation point on the sales pitch by again un-crossing their legs and parting them a bit. This time, they left them un-crossed and parted. If this didn't work, he was gay.

When they got up to leave, he came to stand in front of them with a huge bulge in his pants and said, "You girls seem really committed to passing my class. I'll have to check my calendar to see if I have the time and you girls need to make sure everyone is totally committed. You all, and I mean all, must be willing to do whatever it takes. Any no shows or anyone reneges, and the deals off and you all get the grades you have earned and you all fail. And by the way, this first Friday, I'm not sure how things will go so you need to let the girls know they will need to be prepared to make a full weekend of it. Everyone will need to be 'tutored' at least once this weekend. I 'tutor' pretty well, but I'm only one man, and there are ten of you, so it will likely take all weekend." 

He practically shot his load in his pants right then and there as he saw the damp spots on the chairs where their sweet little pussies had drooled for him. Unless he was hit by a bus and killed, not just seriously injured, there was no way in hell he was not going to be at that address on Friday with his woody in one hand and a condom in the other! He had masturbated more than enough for this bunch of sweet little tarts already.

As they walked out of the building, Carly said, "we're so screwed."

Mary nodded her head and said, "If we're lucky."