 1)Thanks to Margaret who spell checked this

2) I own this and I wrote it. So don’t make money out of it.



It was Friday, my fifth day. I started work at about 8am that morning. An hour later I was asked to go to a room, this time I was to go with another girl, Anna, and we had to wear special outfits. The outfits turned out to be schoolgirl uniforms.

We changed, putting on the short little skirts, the white blouses, and the socks. Under that we were wearing white underwear. Anna had been to the room before for this guest and told me he was easy enough to please, I was to ‘follow her lead’.

We entered the room and found him sitting on the sofa. He was in his early forties I would say. Tall, with sandy coloured hair. He was quite respectable looking. I could imagine him as a schoolteacher. Big glasses, with wider frames then normal helped add that air to him.

“Hello girls,” he said, and patted the sofa, “Come and sit here.”

Anna started acting coy, and I sort of followed her example, “Oh Sir, are you sure it will be all right?” she asked, lowering her head and putting her finger to her lips. I giggled a little, wagging my head.

“Of course it will, come on.”

We walked slowly over, holding hands and sat one on each side of him. He began to ask us about school and things, Anna did most of the talking. Then he said to her, “You’re growing up into a pretty girl aren’t you?”

She giggled. “But I think I’m too small up here.” She said coyly, lifting her hand near to her chest. I giggled some more.

“I don’t think so. They look quite nice. Lots of men like titties like I imagine you must have.”

“Oh Sir! You are rude. But I think they aren’t really growing.”

He stared at her chest. “It’s hard to tell with that blouse on.”

More giggles.

“Why don’t you undo the front of it, just so I can see better.”

“Oh sir!” she acted outraged. “I couldn’t!”

He turned to me, “What about you.”

I nodded my head and shook it; “I don’t think so.”

He urged me, I glanced at Anna and she nodded at me. “Well alright, if you think it will be alright.” I reached for the buttons on my blouse, undoing them very slowly till I got to my skirt. I sat back so the blouse gaped open, showing my bra and the sides and tops of my small breasts held in the white lacy bra. His face leaned towards my chest. “Yes they look nice to me.”

Anna giggled and he turned to her, “Now your turn young lady.”

Giggling she undid the buttons on her blouse, but unlike me she pulled it out of her skirt so the blouse was completely open. Her breasts were a little bit bigger than mine. Her skin was very white and the mounds of her breasts looked really sweet sitting there in the bra. 

He looked at hers for several seconds. I noticed that in his trousers there was a little less room then when we had arrived. “Of course,” he said, “It’s hard to tell really if you wear a bra.”

We both gasped out loud, “Sir!”

“Well you want me to tell you if they look ok, don’t you girls?”

Anna started to giggle somemore. He turned to me and I shook my head. “Come on girls, you can’t tell me you are scared can you?”

Anna shook her head without looking at him and muttered, “No, I’m not scared.”

“Well then he said, why don’t you just undo it, and hold it there if you feel bad.”

She seemed to think about this for a moment, and then whispered that she would do it. She reached behind her back with one hand to undo the clasp under her blouse, while with her other hand she pressed against the cups of her bra. She seemed to manage it ok. She looked up at him finally, but held the bra to her breasts still. 

“Let it down then,” he asked her kindly. 

At first she wouldn’t but then slowly she lowered her hand, and with it the bra. Her small little pointy breasts came into view, white with pink nipples, slightly hard. She slipped her blouse off and removed the bra completely.

“Well they look lovely to me.” He said and then turned to me, “And yours…”

I giggled and pulled my blouse wide open. Then reaching up behind myself with both hands I undid the clasp. The bra fell forward slowly. My nipples came into view. I undid my cuffs and removed both my blouse and bra. I sat there, half covering my breasts with my hands. He reached forward and took hold of my arm, pulling it away from my breasts. “Oh yes,” he said, “they look so nice.”

“I need to touch them, see how firm they are.”

We both giggled. He reached forwards and touched the side of my left breast. I felt his warm fingers as they pushed it upwards slightly. Then he traced his fingers along the underside of them and stroked my between them before running his hand along the underside of the other one. “Yes they are firm aren’t they.”

I smiled.

He turned to Anna and slowly reached to touch hers. This time he brushed her nipple very gently with the back of his fingers before stroking her breast around the nipple with his fingertips. She closed her eyes and groaned softly. His fingers traced around the nipple and then circled around her breast before moving to the other one. With his other hand he reached back to me and rubbed the back of his hand against my breasts. I thrust them out against his hand. It felt very nice.

He pulled away from me and leaned his head towards Anna’s pointy titties. He stuck his tongue out and licked slowly at the nipple, and then up and around the top swell of her breast. One hand fell to her lap and disappeared under her skirt. I could see him working the fingers up and then into the tops of her panties, then watched as they pushed down. She gasped. Her small breast disappeared into his mouth. He suckled at it like a baby while his fingers worked into her pussy. 

She opened her eyes and looked at me then glanced downwards, making me look at his lap. I guessed what she meant. I slid my hand to his hip and then around the front of his groin. I could feel something hard inside his trousers. My fingers found his fly zip and after a couple attempts I managed to drag it down. I let my fingers feel around inside until they found the top of his pants. I tugged at them a little and found his cock, it was quite large and thick, and very stiff. I managed to stroke the shaft with my fingers. I finally dragged his cock out and I could see it standing up in my hand in his lap. It was large all right, with a nice head peeking out of the skin. There was some moisture on it. I rubbed my thumb over the head. 

Anna slide forward a little on the sofa, it made her skirt ride up. I could see clearly his fingers working in her pussy now. I stared to wank his cock up and down. The head popped out of the skin each time. 

He turned to me, “Would you like to taste it?”

“Oh no Sir!” I said, “I couldn’t do that!”

“Yes you can, it’s easy.” He turned away from Anna and put his hands on my shoulders, turning his body to face me. “Just lower your head and see what it’s like.” He told me.

I leaned forward while he sat back. I held his cock up to my face and looked at it closely. I let it go near my lips and actually brush against them one time. All the time he was encouraging me to suck it. Finally I took a quick lick at the side of the shaft. He was very pleased. Then I licked again, this time tracing upward to the head. I nibbled the head and shaft with my lips; finally opening my mouth and engulfing the head in one go. I felt his cockhead fill my mouth entirely, little room to move my tongue around. I just thrust my head up and down on it slowly, letting my lips peel over the rim of the head each time. He reached under me and cupped my breasts, squeezing and playing with the nipple. At the same time he learnt towards Anna and kissed her mouth. 

I continued to bob my head up and down. My long blonde hair falling around my face, touching his groin as I did so. I saw from the corner of my eye that he was pulling Anna’s panties down with one hand as he kissed her. 

Suddenly he asked me to stop sucking. He then got up off the sofa and laid himself on the floor. Anna walked over to him and sat astride his face. His hands reached around her hips and clasped her bottom tightly, urging her on to his mouth more. His cock was standing up out of his trousers. I lay next to him and held his cock upwards and then started to lick and suck it. I let my lips run around the head and shaft, then used my tongue like I was licking an ice cream cone. Then I thrust it into my mouth again and started to ram my head up and down.

His fingers were kneading her bottom and she started to ride his face, moving back and forwards on him. Her head was arched back and her long brown hair was waving around. She was moaning and I guess she was either coming or just about to. Within a minute she became still. She over her shoulder and motioned for me to stop.

“You are a very naughty man.” She suddenly told him. “You must be punished.”

I had no idea what was going to happen. But one look at his face and I could see he did.

“Kneel up with your hands on the sofa.” She told him. He did as he was told. Then without warning she smacked him on the bum! “That’s just for starters.” She said. Then she tugged his trousers off to reveal his bottom, which she immediately started to smack; though not very hard.

Laying next to him I couldn’t help noticing his cock underneath him, standing stiff still though half hanging down. It jerked everytime she smacked him. I reached out and stroked it as it jumped again. It seemed rock hard. The way it jumped with each smack I felt he wasn’t going to be long in coming. Well what was I to do? I crawled under him and simply took the moist head between my lips. That seemed to please him. I just held it there letting it jerk and jump everytime Anna smacked his bare bottom. Then suddenly with one smack it jumped and a wad of cum filled my mouth. I couldn’t believe it he had come without any other stimulation at all. I don’t think Anna realised what was happening. I just felt the cum all in my mouth. She smacked him again and another load joined it, hitting the back of my mouth, speading around my gums and teeth, flowing over my tongue. I pulled back keeping my mouth open letting it run out over my lips and down my chin. His cock was still pointing at me, there was some cum hanging off the end, when ‘smack’ another wad shot out hitting me full in the face, splashing my cheeks and covering my nose. I felt the warm string of cum roll down my face and start to drip off me onto the floor. I reached forward and put my lips just around the front of the head as the final spurt erupted and filled my mouth to overflowing again. 

Anna suddenly stopped, “Have you cum Richard?” she asked.

He seemed sheepish, “Sorry.”

He knelt up and took a long look at me laying there, cum smeared all over my face, slowly flowing out the corner of my mouth. I grinned. Anna leaned forward and licked the top of his cock, washing it clean of the remaining cum.

“Thank you girl, that was perhaps the best yet.” He said.

We left his room a few minutes later, still giggling.

The end