 Melissa walked into the room naked, her hair wet, a towel in her hands: "You know that thing we've been talking about? I think I might have someone."

The thing we had been talking about... I could not immediately recall what thing exactly was. In my defense, her presence in her naked form still had the habit of making my brain shut down and my eyes pop out. Though the young passion from some years back had passed its peak, I still considered myself a lucky man to have married a woman like that.

In all honesty, when your wife sports a body like Melissa's, it is difficult not to accept her completely. She put in a few hours every week into keeping her stomach flat and her breasts tight. More than that, her legs were long and thin and her ass was still round and bouncy. Being an ass enthusiast, a good hard look at that part of her was still enough to get me and keep me hard when needed. 

As for the trust, that's what really kept the relationship fresh and made our hearts beat faster when together. We shared secrets, fantasies and wishes with each other. She was my partner, my confidant, my advisor. She was my wife.

"I talked to Beatrice and she thinks her current boyfriend might be into it."

"Come closer," I said, a silly grin on my face. I was about to revisit our youthful passion. 

"Stop it! We have to go soon. The party is about to start," she said with a smile. 

"Who might be into what?"

"Beatrice is dating a very nice guy now. And as many nice people, he has a horny-as-hell side too. I'm sure that sounds familiar. Beatrice and I thought we could have a foursome."

Foursome! Just the idea made my penis prop up. We had been discussing that possibility for some months, or even two years, maybe. I immediately felt insecure. I did not know if I could go through with it for real. 

"You remember all the dirty stuff you were telling me last weekend? About what you'd do to me, how you'd watch me? Here's your chance."

I wondered, out loud, if she's sure. She did not hear me immediately, as she was drying her hair. Watching her drying herself, my dick already hard just from the mention of a foursome, I realized the question was moot. 

I remembered my fantasies quite well. The things I would do to her in front of others, what I would make her do to another woman and man in front of me... My penis was aching now. My suit pants were bulging noticeably. I fixed my penis and saw her looking at me. 

"I can see we're gonna have a fun time." She smiled, kissed me and knelt in front of me, "No need for foreplay, I see!" She unzipped my pants, knocked me on my back, and pulled my boxers and my pants off. She looked at my penis for a moment. I looked up at her, wondering if she was only teasing me. 

"When we do it with Beatrice, I want you to shave all around and just leave a one inch thick line from here to here" she said, pointing at the base of my penis and a place about 3 inches higher. "That will make you look so sexy!"

I promised I would do so, but before the words left my mouth, my penis was already deep inside hers. She sucked my cock like her life depended on it. She held it firm in her mouth, driving her lips swiftly up and down it, pausing occasionally to lick the head and suck on the tip. While she was sucking the tip, she would look into my eyes and work the shaft with both hands, pulling the skin up and down and twisting it when she would pull it all the way up. 

I couldn't help but wonder if Beatrice sucks cock like that as well. "I can't wait to see Beatrice suck you off," she exclaimed. Our minds were like one when sex was on the table. She spat at the tip with firm conviction and began shoving it in her mouth once again. 

"I'm coming!"

"Yeah baby" she said, put it into her mouth and jerked me off. 

After she swallowed all I could give her, she slapped me on the side of the ass and announced: "I'll go brush my teeth. Again!"

Beatrice was also at the party. However, the boyfriend could not make it. Melissa told Beatrice that I agreed to their plan and that we can proceed with stage 2. 

"Stage 2?" I inquired.

"Of course," Beatrice said, "Everything has to be organized and prepared. I cannot relax and enjoy completely unless I know everything is organized and all participants are healthy. Melissa agrees, so I expect both of you to have detailed STD tests in the next two weeks. Benjamin and me will do the same."

I liked Beatrice, but she was first and foremost Melissa's friend. They had known each other for a long time. Deep inside, I was still not sure how to feel about another guy being involved in this set-up, but I wished him good luck in dealing with Beatrice, the woman who held all the strings. I pretended to look around the room in an attempt to survey Beatrice from all sides. She definitely had a body worth turning your head after. For a short moment I entertained thoughts what she looked like naked, but somehow it felt inappropriate. No, I had no doubts about wanting her involved in the foursome. 

Truth be told, I admired the ladies for having shown so much foresight. The health check was a very good idea, actually. This was real life and not porn and I did not want to pay for my decisions forever. I mentioned all this to Beatrice and Melissa. Beatrice nodded and said she would like to hold the party at her apartment, because her spare bedroom had two double beds and decent sound isolation, making it a wonderful area for experiments. 

At that moment, we were interrupted by the party's host who wanted us to come over for the candle-blowing ritual. We moved along and watched the host's husband give his best to blow out some 40 candles, which he did, in his fourth attempt. 

Melissa turned to me and Beatrice and whispered "Amateur! I could give him lessons" She said with a wink to Beatrice. "Me too" was Beatrice's response. I only smiled and tried to hide a surging erection. 

By the end of the party we agreed what condoms to have there, what kind of drinks, snacks and dress code. We were set. 

Melissa and I had abstained from sex the entire week leading up to the big day. Twice we almost did have sex though. One time, we were watching TV and as one thing led to another and I ended up going down on her. Melissa's pussy tasted wonderful after those long days of no sex. But my mind was nagging at me. Wouldn't it be better to keep all our sexual energy for the foursome date? I really wanted to see Melissa go crazy with horniness in front of another couple. I wanted to show off the sexual beast I managed to tame. I stopped licking. She looked at me and I explained my reasoning to her. Grudgingly, she accepted my white flag. 

The next day, again on the couch, she started sucking me off. She did it slowly, gently, until I was as hard as a steel rod. I did not care about the party any more, I just wanted to pump her mouth full of my sperm and watch her swallow it down. Then she stopped. I knew what she was going to say; she recited me the same reasons I gave her the evening before. I laughed, but made a mental note to fuck her until it hurt. The look in her eyes told me she wanted the same. 

The hotly anticipated evening came. The whole day leading up to it, I had on and off erections. The idea drove me mad with desire. Then I worried about what it will really be like and if I will not come too soon. I also worried the other guy, Benjamin, might have a bigger penis or more stamina. 

We rang the doorbell, kissed the sides of Beatrice's broad smile, and entered. 

Benjamin greeted us as soon as our shoes were off. He was OK looking, I guess, we were roughly the same size. He seemed to be a little lighter than me. I had read somewhere that thin guys tend to have large penises. I worked very hard to push that thought out of my mind. 

"Can we have some drinks!?" I called out

We were sitting in the living room, Melissa and I on one couch, and Beatrice and Benjamin opposite us on the other. 

"How did you two meet, actually?" Melissa asked them.

"Why don't you tell it Ben? I already told Melissa, but I want to hear it in your own words... From your own mouth."

Benjamin smiled. "We met at Whistler's. You know the place, right? I spotted her at the bar, and I had to give it a try. I'm not great at pick-up lines, but for that gorgeous woman, I would have risked utter humiliation."

Melissa and I joked that it sounded like it could be true love, if such emotions were in play. Beatrice laughed: "That was actually literally what he said to me. He told me that he is not great at pick-up lines, but for me he was willing to risk humiliation. I decided to show myself from my good side that night and invited him to sit down."

"Excuse me honey, but your dress was already showing all your good sides that night," laughed Benjamin.

"What were you wearing?" interjected Melissa.

In response, Beatrice stood up and turned around. She was wearing a tight black dress that reached half way down her thighs. While she was turning around, I immediately noriced how firm her ass was and that she is either naked under the dress or wearing a thong. 

"So how did the night end?" Melissa was curious. 

"Well, actually, nothing..." Benjamin attempted to finish off his thought, but Beatrice cut him off immediately. 

"Don't be modest, Ben. You knew quite well I couldn't resist you." Beatrice smiled and winked at Melissa. "And you were not ashamed to take advantage of that, were you."

Benjamin could see her game and smiled. Melissa put her hand on my thigh. 

"I still remember how it started," said Beatrice. She grabbed Ben's right hand, placed it on her thigh, and started kissing him. Melissa rubbed my thigh as we watched Beatrice and Ben make out. Melissa's and mine eyes met, and she moved her hand right next to my penis. I pulled her toward the back of the couch, kissed her neck, and put my arm around her, with my palm just below her breast. With my other hand I gently touched her face while we were kissing. 

Beatrice was already straddling Ben's lap and they were making out noisily. Her dress rolled up, just below her ass. Benjamin looked at us over Beatrice's shoulder and quickly rolled her dress even farther up. Beatrice's firm rear was in full view now. She was wearing a black lace thong. Benjamin's hands were massaging her butt cheeks and spreading them. My dick skyrocketed. 

Melissa could feel it. When we continued kissing, she turned put her tongue in my mouth. We kissed, I massaged her breast and she was lightly touching my crotch. We were getting more steamy, both my hands all over Melissa's breasts, squeezing her nipples through her thin, tight summer dress. 

She broke off our kiss, pulled down her dress and let out her fabulous breasts. I didn't pay any attention to Beatrice and Benjamin, I only had eyes for Melissa's breasts. I admired them for a short moment and dove down to lick her nipples. They were firm, meaning she was also highly excited. I knew her body so well by now. I could tell the state of her sexual arousal by the way she looked at me, by the hardness of her nipples, or by her breathing, the sounds she would make... There were no secrets between us. We had done to each other everything a couple can do to each other, no door remained unlocked. 

She was rubbing my penis directly now, and her deep breaths turned into sighs. I lifted my head to have a look at where Ben and Beatrice were. 

He was sitting on the couch, with her head rising up and down between his legs. His eyes were going between Beatrice and Melissa's exposed breasts.

"Hey, not fair" Melissa exclaimed. Beatrice stopped and turned around. 

"I want to have a better view, Bea"

Beatrice smiled. She pulled Benjamin's pants down, including his socks and underwear. She opened his shirt and moved to the side. 

Melissa and I looked at what Ben had been filling Beatrice's mouth with. His dick was slightly smaller than mine but also thick. He was almost completely shaved, except for a small patch above the penis. 

"Not bad" Melissa commented. Beatrice started stroking Ben's dick, keeping it in our view. Melissa looked at me, grabbed her breasts and started massaging them and kissing me. Benjamin let out a short sigh. My right arm grabbed on Melissa's dress, pulling it down to her waist. I looked up at Beatrice who could sense my eyes and turned to me. 

"Aren't you hot in that dress?" I said. 

"No more than you in that outfit." She responded, all the while stroking Ben's thick cock. 

"Strip" Melissa commanded.

I got up, and turned around. I knew I had a muscular back, so I first took off my shirt; why not show off a little? I took off my pants and socks, but kept my boxers on as I turned around to face Beatrice. She took my hint and easily pulled her dress above her head. She was wearing a practically invisible bra. She turned her back to Benjamin who unclasped it and soon her large nipples and meaty breasts were visible to everone. 

While Ben and I were admiring Beatrice's curves, Melissa started pulling my boxers down. First my new hairstyle came into view, then the base of my penis, followed inch-by-inch by the rest of it, until it popped into full view for everyone. I could see for a split second that Beatrice licked her lips before she pulled Ben up from the sofa, turned him to the side and asked Melissa if the view was fine. Melissa nodded, and Beatrice started sucking Ben off slowly, swallowing his meat inch by slow inch. It was mesmerizing. Beatrice could deep-throat, and after filling her throat with Ben's smooth cock, she pulled it out and told Melissa she wanted to see us in action. 

Melissa shot up from the sofa, and wiggled her dress down her hips, thighs, and shins to the floor. I was already standing and she dropped to her knees, putting my throbbing cock immediately as far back into her mouth as possible. 

"You don't deep throat?" Beatrice asked. Melissa shook her head and said curtly "Show me." Immediately, Beatrice took Ben into her mouth and started deep throating with a passion. His dick was getting very slimy, from his juices and her spit. While we were watching Beatrice's lips engulf Ben's cock, Melissa and I looked at each other a few times; both of us smiling. 

Beatrice stopped. "I think it's your turn," they told Ben and me in one voice. As if choreographed, the ladies took a few steps toward one side of the room, looked at us, then looked at each other and turned their backs and asses to us. Slowly they bent over, pulling down their thongs in unison. The sight of those two curvaceous and trim asses made my heart nearly implode. Their assholes were hairless, their cheeks round, their legs long. When they got up, they kept their asses sticking out a little, emphasizing their form. They looked at each other and then Melissa turned around first. She had the thinnest of landing strips going down to her swollen and wet labia. She looked great and she blew a kiss across the room to us boys, each seated on our own couch, naked. 

When Beatrice turned around there was nothing to see there except for her perfectly smooth skin and tight, wet pussy lips. The ladies held hands, and with their free hands gave us the "come-hither" signal. I practically crawled on my hands and knees toward Melissa, yearning to put my tongue into her vagina. The taste of her pussy made me almost crazy with desire. I wanted more, and I noticed by her hip movements she wanted more of me as well.

"Are you horny, baby?" She whispered to me. I could only confirm. I was wild. 

"Me too, sooo much," she moaned. "Do you want to fuck me?" I said yes.

"Say it!" 

"I want to fuck you, so much!"

"And are you ready to see me get fucked? Don't you want to see a nice big dick inside of me?"

I paused, but this was no time for reflection, insecurities, or conventions: "Oh, yeah"

The ladies pulled us up. Melissa kissed me and Beatrice kissed Ben and then they switched places. 

Ben and I were standing there now with Beatrice deep-throating my hard, steaming cock and Melissa doing her best with Ben's cock. I was nearly delirious. I was horny, mad, jealous, thrilled all rolled into one. Beatrice really knew her stuff. Melissa really put herself into her work too. I watched her kneeling on the carpet, with another man's dick in her mouth. Her eyes were closed, she pulled the dick in and out of her hot little mouth. She had lips that begged to give a blowjob and now she was giving it... to someone else. I was as horny as ever. She pulled back Ben's skin and gently licked the tip, toying with the pre-cum gushing out of the grateful cock. Her lips and mouth were getting sticky and I could see she was wet with juices all around her mouth.  

I placed my hand on Beatrice'S head, intertwining my fingers with her brown hair. I started moving my hips slowly, thrusting my cock down her throat. She put her hand on mine and lustily swallowed all of my cock. I had never had my cock in someone's throat before; her mouth was wet and warm, the throat narrowed around the tip of my penis as I penetrated the back of her mouth. It felt like sticking my cock in a tight pussy. 

It lasted too short though. Beatrice slowly took my cock out of her endless mouth and sat down on one couch, and motioned Ben to sit on the one opposite. Beatrice pointed me to her vagina. Melissa followed Ben to the couch where she continued sucking his dick. I put in all I had into licking Beatrice's pussy. Soon she was sighing and rotating her hips, desirous of my tongue and finger. I could hear Melissa sighing behind me, which made me dig into Beatrice even stroger. 

"I cannot, let's switch" Beatrice cried out. I took it as a compliment; she was getting close. Now it was my turn to sit on the couch and look straight into Melissa's eyes who was being pleased by Ben opposite me. My eyes never left Melissa's face. Melissa, despite her instinct to throw her head back and enjoy what Ben was providing her with, did her best to look into my eyes. She smiled at me with her bedroom eyes; I could see how good it felt for her. Then she looked at me with a glint in her eye and pulled Ben's head closer into her pussy. She mouthed "Do you like it?" I nodded in response. "I'm soo horny, baby! What do you want me to do? Hmm?" she asked. Beatrice's mouth felt amazing running up and down my cock, but if she had kept doing it for a few minutes more I would cum and it was too early in the game for that. 

"I want us to watch Ben and Beatrice fuck." This got everyone's attention. Ben and Beatrice did not need it said twice. They stopped what they were doing and got up. 

Beatrice showed us all into the guest bedroom. Ben and Beatrice were quickly on one of the beds and he was on top of her. Melissa and I were sitting on the other bed watching them. Melissa's mind was overtaken by lust, she was rubbing her pussy with one hand and squeezing my dick with the other. 

They changed position and Ben was behind Beatrice doggy-style. I saw this as an opportunity for Melissa to get her kicks and told her to get herself on the other bed and raise her ass to get fucked next to Beatrice. 

"Yeah, come and fuck me baby," she begged. However, I told Ben to fuck them both. He was up to the task. He toyed with them a little. Melissa couldn't help massaging her clit and every time she would feel Ben's flesh inside of her, she would yelp with pleasure. I watched my horny and grateful wife in the throes of unbridled, sexy, lusty passion. I could tell she was not thinking at all, she just took everything happening to her with enjoyment, and loved it every time she'd feel Ben inside. She could not rub her clitoris fast enough, she turned into a curvaceous, infinitely sexy pleasure center with no other purpose in life but to receive pleasure. Ben fucked her and would then move his dick into Beatrice who was already moaning loudly. 
