 It was about 9:30 one Monday morning when I was asked to go to a room on the top floor. I was told it was for some dictation, and I was to take a notepad and pencil. I found one in the office and headed upstairs.

Entering the room I found a man in his early forties wearing a three-piece suit with shirt and tie. He had brown hair, fairly short and a pleasant face. He was medium weight and in the suit looked really good.

“I need you to take some letters for me.” He said ushering me into the room. “But I would prefer if you would do it totally naked.”

I smiled, “Of course, sir.”

“You can change in the bathroom.” He told me before going to the window and gazing out at the countryside.

In the bathroom I removed my French maid’s outfit, and all my underwear, which was the normal black stockings, suspenders and bra and pants. I wrapped a towel around me and padded out.

“Please sit over there,” he gestured to a chair. I walked across the room and dropped the towel by the side. Sitting down it felt quite sexy being totally naked with a fully clothed man standing around.

He looked at me, I could se his eyes moving from my head with my long blonde hair hanging down around my shoulders, only partly covering my small little titties, down to my waist, and my darker blonde hair at my pussy. My legs were crossed but being slim they looked long that way. He must have stared at me for thirty seconds before telling me he wanted to start.

It was all normal stuff, some letters mostly. I soon forgot I was naked as he dictated for nearly an hour. Dictation wasn’t my strong point and he had to slow down and repeat things a lot, but he seemed to enjoy it all. He would walk around while talking, sometimes getting close and looking at me, other times he acted like this was the most normal thing in the world.

Then he walked behind me and I could hear him moving close. He was standing over me suddenly. Quickly he moved his hands over my shoulders and cupped my breasts really tightly. He massaged them by holding them in the palms of his hands while moving his thumbs up and down over the nipples. He was really cupping them tightly, it almost hurt, but after sitting like this for an hour I was turned on enough to want something, anything.

His head brushed against the side of my neck and I felt his teeth scrape against the skin and then bite me gently. Now as regular readers know, that already sends me. I can’t resist being bitten on the neck. It sends shivers down my body, makes my legs go weak, and does wonderful things to my inside. I craned an arm behind my head to wrap around the back of his neck to let him know he was to stay right there. I uttered some ‘aaahhhs’ and ‘ooohhhhs’

His hands at first continued to maul at my breasts, pinching and toying with the nipples, squeezing my titties really hard. I started to wriggle about in the chair. Then he slid one hand down over my tummy and pushed it deep in between my legs. I was already wet there and he started to rub my pussy with his finger. Naturally it slipped in straight away and he circled my clit really quickly. My head was lolled back on the headrest of the chair. His mouth and tongue and teeth doing wonderful things with my neck. One hand was still squeezing my left breast really hard, while the other was fingering my pussy, exploring everywhere it could. My hips began to jerk a little as I squirmed around. 

I felt his tongue take long licks under my ear, and then the teeth close over the skin, scraping along it, biting gently. I was clawing at his head now. He fell on my throat, kissed it quickly, then moved to my chin and finally to my mouth. I opened wide and glued my lips on to his; our tongues met somewhere in the middle and fenced around. I was almost drinking from him. I was surprised at how turned on I was, maybe it was the sitting there with nothing happening for an hour, or maybe it was his tongue on my neck. Either way I wanted something from him so bad. 

We kissed wildly, our tongues going deep into each other’s mouths. Our teeth touching and banging against the others. It was pure passion. His finger between my legs was buried deep inside of me while his other hand was squeezing and cupping my small breast. 

He pulled away from my mouth and leaned over the back of the chair, bringing his face to my breasts. He didn’t play around here either, simply clamped his mouth over one and sucked at it really hard while his tongue pushed and flicked at the nipple.

Reaching back over the chair I managed to get my hand onto the crotch of his trousers. There was definitely something hard inside them, I could feel the balls and shaft as I rubbed back and forth. His mouth meanwhile was working hard on my right breast. Licking and sucking at it, biting it, scraping his teeth against the soft flesh. 

Finally he pulled away, and stepped back away from the chair. I turned to look and see what was going to happen next. He walked around to the front of me. He stood over me and unzipped his trousers, then knelt down between my open legs. Kneeling up he took hold of his cock and guided it to the front of my pussy, then plunged it all the way in. His hands reached under my bottom and cupping the cheeks lifted my hips so they were level with his thrusting cock. His thrusts were really hard and long, driving straight into me, his hair and balls slapping against me with each thrust. God it was wonderful. I couldn’t help but try to meet his thrusts. I could feel his cock tearing into me as it drew nearly all the way out and then rammed straight back in to the hilt.

Within a few seconds I could feel that feeling that told me I was about to cum. My body was shaking now. His hands cupped my bottom really tightly lifting me way off the seat. His cock ramming harder and harder into me. Suddenly I was there. It took me off shuddering and shaking and crying out. Then it was over and I pleaded with him to stop. He smiled and stood up; fell against the chair with his arms supporting himself on the headrest. His cock was now pointing at my face. I craned forward and engulfed the head within my lips feeling that hard but soft head against my tongue. He began to thrust gently into my mouth, face fucking me. I licked the underside with every thrust. My hands squeezed and tugged at his balls urging him to cum. Suddenly he tensed and I knew he was about to. 

He stopped moving his cock completely and just let it rest with the head in my mouth. I flicked my tongue around and suddenly a great wad of cum oozed out and filled my mouth to the gums. It was really thick and salty. I’d never known cum so thick. I swallowed just as a second load of it oozed out. This time I flicked my tongue around sending it all around my mouth and washing his cockhead before swallowing. A third and fourth load poured out and once again I bathed his cockhead in it before that too tickled down my throat. He kept his cock in my mouth until it had gone quite floppy and small. I pushed it around with my tongue, enjoying the feeling until he stood back and it popped out of my mouth and flopped down.

“Thank you,” he said, “That will be all today.”

I went to the bathroom, got dressed and headed off downstairs.

It was about mid afternoon before I was requested to another room. This time it was two gentlemen in their fifties. They were sitting next to each other on the sofa. They were quite decent looking

“What we would like you to do…. Miss…. Is to…. How shall I say….”

His friend jumped in, “Is to put on a show for us.”

“Yes that’s what I was going to say,” the first one continued.

I asked what they had in mind.

“Oh what those colonial brothers do, you know, the Americans…what do they call it?”

The other one offered, “Lap dancing, Gerald.”

The first one smiled, “Yes, that’s right, only decent thing to come back from there.”

I said that would be fine and went off to the bathroom to get ready. I stripped off everything except my stocking, suspenders and panties. When I returned they couldn’t keep their eyes off my little titties which trembled as I walked towards them. They had put some dance music on.

I started to dance in front of them, swaying my hips and chest around. They seemed to like that. Then I moved forward and leaned over Gerald swaying my little breasts over his face, just keeping them out of reach. His hand went to my hip and brushed it gently. His eyes were firmly fixed on my titties.

I repeated this with the other one before stepping back and turning around. Then I started to bend my legs a little and circled my panty-clad bottom over the second one’s crotch area. Again I kept it above so there was no contact. He put both his hands on to my hips and held them gently as I swayed slowly.

I returned to Gerald but this time hooked my fingers into the sides of my panties and lowered them just so he could see the start of my bottom before pulling them up again. Then I rubbed his crotch with my circling bottom.

“Oh yes,” I heard him say, “This is rather good.”

“Makes you wonder how they came up with such a good idea doesn’t it?”

I stepped forward and turning again began to dance in front of them. I leaned over this time letting my breast brush over their faces. It felt sexy as they slid across their cheeks and bounced over their noses. They in turn touched me here and there; the back of a hand brushing my crotch very slightly; a finger stroking along my leg; a hand cupping one cheek of my panty clad bottom. 

Pulling away I turned my back to them and started to play with my panties. I pulled one side down and then pulled it back up before doing the same with the other side. Slowly however I moved them further down each time until my whole bottom was bare to their view. I felt a finger slide across one cheek and then I pulled the panties all the way down, bending over as I did so.

“Wow!” I heard one say quietly.

Stepping out of them I knelt between Gerald’s legs, and started to rub my cheek around the crotch of his trousers. I could feel a fair sized hard cock in there. Needless to say I brushed this several times with my cheek before moving on to his friend. This time I buried my face in his crotch, rubbing my nose up against the hard shaft I could feel buried there. 

I pulled back and danced some more before turning and rubbing my bare bottom against their crotches. Circling it around I could feel that hard cock within the trousers pressing against me. They both had raging hard ons by now.

I decided to up the tempo. I spun round and knelt between Gerald’s legs. This time after rubbing my face against that unseen cock I reached up with my hands and tugged his zip down and opened his trousers. There was a mat of hair there and hidden by a pair of skimpy pants was a long hard cock. I touched that cloth covered shaft with my nose, running along the length, then rubbed my cheek against it I moved to his friend and again tugged down the zip and opened the trousers. This time I also rolled the underpants down and retrieved a long thin hard cock with a nice head on it, all purple and shiny, some liquid at the very tip. I wiped his cock around my face, feeling the hard shaft warm against my cheek. I brushed it back and forth with my lips. I buried my face in it, feeling his balls against my mouth and his cock lying pressed against the side of my nose.

I stood up and turned around lowering my bottom and gently circled that just so it was gliding over the shaft. They were showing a lot of self-control but I guessed they were loving every minute of it.

I returned to Gerald and popped his cock out of the top of his pants. 

I wiped it against my lips, and then planted a kiss on the very tip. I pulled back and licked my lips then returned to that cock head, all moist and warm, and circled my lips around it, wetting the head even more. He was lolled back on the sofa now, not even looking; though his friend was, his eyes nearly popping out of his head. 

It was now or never, so opening my mouth I let my lips slide down over the head and grasp it gently, making his cock move in a circle with my head. I flicked my tongue back and forth across the tip as I did so. Pulling back I let his now very wet head go and returned to his friend. 

Straight away I engulfed the head of his cock. I didn’t kneel down this time; just bent right over started to suck. Gerald did what I hoped he would do, he jumped up and got behind me. He pushed himself against my bottom; I could feel his cock pressing against my cheek. He had hold of me by my hips and it was his turn to circle his hips against my bottom, pushing his cock around, teasing me.

My lips slid up and down the hard shaft I had in my mouth. I could feel the cockhead hit the back of my mouth as my head bobbed up and down. I managed to move my hips so that Gerald’s cock got between my legs. For a short while he thrust it between my legs so it would appear between them, popping out at the front. But finally he moved it up a little and pushed it into my pussy. I stopped sucking for a moment, and just stayed there my head laying on top of that warm hard cock, my mouth open and my eyes closed as he gently thrust to and fro in me. 

When I got used to the wonderful feeling I again took the cock back into my mouth and held it there, letting my tongue swirl around it, teasing and licking it, playing and lashing at it. 

Gerald pulled out and lay on the ground and told me to sit astride him. I did, sinking down all the way onto that cock feeling it push deep inside of me. He cupped my bottom and started to pull me back and forth. His friend stood over his head so that his cock was near my face again. I turned and engulfed it with my lips. It’s not the easiest thing to suck with your head turned while someone is thrusting in and out of you, but I think I did ok.

Gerald kept repeating over and over again, “Yes.” At first I thought he was near to cuming but then realised that this must be his favourite word.

The one standing asked me to stop sucking and then requested I get up and layover the arm of the sofa. I did and immediately he fell on me, his cock sinking deep into my pussy. There he started to thrust really hard and quickly. I was taken by surprise by the quickness of it all. Gerald knelt on the sofa in front of me and offered his cock to my mouth. It tasted of me as I sucked at the head, all purple and shiny. His friend continued to thrust hard into me for several minutes while I toyed and played with the cock in front of me. Then they both pulled away and asked me to sit on the floor resting against the sofa.

I did. The friend stood in front of me and offered his cock to my lips. Gerald just watched, wanking his cock slowly. I sucked at the shaft, letting my lips slide back and forth along it, moving my head as fast as I could. Within seconds I felt him tense. He suddenly took his cock in his hand and pulled out of my mouth. Aiming his cock just below my chin he jerked it until several very quick shots of cum squirted out the end and hit my throat and little titties. It was quite thin and sprayed everywhere, my titties awash with the stuff that soon started to run down in dribbles to my tummy and pussy. Some drops even hit my face, spotting my cheek and nose and lips.

He backed off and Gerald took his place, again, offering me a cock to suck. I started to stick my tongue out, licking and nibbling it with my teeth before engulfing the head and taking it as deep as I dared. I then rammed my head back and forth. I knew he wouldn’t last long now, and his ‘yes’s’ were getting much more high pitched. Suddenly he pulled his cock out and almost straight away a bolt of cum shot out and hit my chin and throat in a long knotty rope. Another spurt hit my left breast. I felt the impact; it was also very warm and gooey. Then three more shots of cum shot out, again hitting my breasts and throat. 

He stood back and they stood there to admire their handiwork as their warm sticky cum slowly rolled down my chest and formed little streams and rivers from my cum splattered breasts.

“Oh yes, I do believe that was what I had in mind.” Gerald said.

They then leaned forward and gently wiped their softening cocks on my face and cheeks, smearing wet cum still on the head around my face, no doubt making it all shiny like their cocks and my titties.

Ten minutes later I went downstairs for a good old shower. After that there was nothing else to do for the rest of the day.

THE END