 Chapter 6: The Party

Once a month the hotel threw a party for the regular guests. It was organised differently to all other 'events'. There was just a flat fee for the girls that took part. The same rules applied though. We always had the option of saying 'no,' and anything that did happen was between the guests and us.

The theme of tonight party was Roman. The men would wear togas while the girls were asked to wear a sort of sacking, just a one piece garment that covered us like a tunic with a belt drawn round. It was up to us if we wore underwear. 

Five girls were asked to join in. Alice, the tall girl with large breasts, and flaming red hair, hanging down; Anna, the brown haired beauty with small pointy breasts and very white skin; Sally, a boyish type girl with hardly any breasts at all and a figure rather too close to a pencil. In fact she was very popular, especially dressed up as a boy; Rachel, with long black hair, dark eyes, full breasts and a wicked sense of humour. And then myself, slim, small breasts, long straight blonde hair, blue eyes.

The party started at 8pm. The first event was the auction where for a price someone could bid for one of the girls. Only one was standing for that, it was Rachel. The rules were that once paid for the man or men could take her back to their table, and basically do whatever she allowed them to do. They were not allowed to leave the room, it 'served to help heighten the atmosphere'. 

We lined up on stage. Rachel was at the front with just her outfit on. She had tied the belt in such a way that it had drawn the skirt up closer to her bottom. Her long tanned legs looked great. In front of us were about twenty men. That worried me until one of the girls said under her breath, "Don't worry, most just watch."

"Or have a wank." Rachel hissed. We giggled.

The bidding started. Someone wanted to have a better look. Rachel strutted to the front of the stage and walked back and forth. No that wasn't enough. He wanted an even better look. The manager invited him on stage. The man, a blonde in his twenties, walked straight up to Rachel, turned her around with her back to the audience and then bent her over. He raised her tunic to reveal her bare bottom to everyone. With one hand he clutched it. "Seems firm enough," he said. He then turned her around again, and this time pulled her top down to expose her breasts. Cupping both of them he mauled them for several seconds before making a bid.

The audience loved it. I thought he was dishy and was regretting that I hadn't offered to be the slave for the night.

He jumped back down to join the others and the bidding carried on. Eventually she was sold; it was neck and neck between two fat businessmen and the blonde man who finally won. Loud clapping as she was lead off the stage to join him. 

We however started work, walking around offering drinks and little bites to eat. I caught a glimpse of Rachel sitting with the man at his table. He had his arm around her while she fed him food. They seemed to be having a good laugh. 

I had a large tray and was gripping it with both hands. There were various foods on it. "Would you like something to eat?" I asked a bald man in his fifties. He smiled at me, "Yes, I would." He then reached for the front of my tunic and pulled it aside to reveal my naked breast which he immediately swooped on, engulfing it with his mouth. I just stood there as he sucked on my breast, holding my tray. Several of the men were watching us. I noticed a youngish man walk over, and while taking some food off the tray with one hand, slid his other up along the back of my leg, cupping my bottom before walking back to his friends. The bald man pulled away, pushed my tunic back over my breast, took some food and said simply, 'thanks'.

Returning with my tray to the kitchen I noticed that Anna was slow dancing with one man. His hand was up the back of her tunic, mauling and clutching at her bottom. Her tunic had ridden up and you could see it all. I was feeling very horny.

I re emerged minus the tray and walked around the tables to see if anyone wanted anything. Naturally a few did. Mostly to slide hands up my shirt or down the front of my tunic. One old boy asked me to sit on his lap. No sooner had I done so then his hand was thrust in my tunic, grabbing and cupping my breasts. He kissed my neck and started to lick my ear. I could see from his toga that he certainly wasn't past it as it started to raise itself next to my leg. 

Looking around Anna was still dancing but by now her top had fallen to her waist and her pointy breasts were pushed hard against the man as he fondled her bottom for all to see. 

Alice meanwhile was kneeling on all fours. Her tunic undone and her breasts hanging there. Three men were gathered around, looking at her from all angles. One would lift her skirt up to look at her bottom. Another slid his hand under her to brush against her titties. I wondered how long it would be before she would get hold of a cock.

The old boy started to pinch my nipple. I reached for the front of his toga, rubbing my hand over the mound that was forming over his cock. I felt the head under the cloth, and then closed my hand around the shaft, rubbing it through the material. "Too soon for that, girl." He said, "No point in firing all your shots before the enemy are in range, what!"

He mauled my breast some more before telling me to run along.

Returning to the kitchen with some orders I walked past Rachel. She was still sitting there laughing with the blonde, though now she had his cock sticking out of his toga and her hand was pumping it nice and slowly. It was a lovely cock too, nice and solid. I hoped she'd want help before the night was through.

In the kitchen I sat for a few minutes with Anna who had managed to get off the dance floor. We talked about the men outside, which ones we fancied. Which ones to avoid. The bald man apparently was nearly always at the party, but only ever did things when the girl was holding a tray or was otherwise busy. "He's harmless, but a strange bugger." She said giggling. 

I had noticed Richard, the person who had got Anna and me to dress up as schoolgirls the week before. He had just being sitting there, watching like he wasn't really interested. 

Back out in the main room Anna was called over to a table. I saw her speak to the two men who then pulled her over their laps. She lay there, her hips over one lap, her face over another. I watched as she pulled a stiff cock from the lap her head was on. She started to lick and suck at it. The other man pulled her tunic over her bottom and started to smack her gently. Her cheeks wobbled with each smack. A couple of other men went over to watch and spoiled my view. 

I then got called over to a table with three men sitting around eating. "Would you crawl under the table and give us all a little suck please?" the middle one said. They were all about thirty. It seemed a sexy idea, so I knelt down and got under the table. I saw three pair of bare legs coming out from the togas. I went to the middle one first and pushed it up to reveal a soft cock lying there. I started to lick at the head, long licks, from the head and up the curled shaft. It soon started to stiffen. I reached to the left of me and soon located a second cock. I had that out of the toga too and let my fingers flutter up and down the shaft. There was something very sexy about sucking cock when you couldn'y see the person involved. For all I knew they were probably just eating their food like nothing was happening. 

The cock in my mouth had become really stiff now. I kept my mouth wrapped over the cockhead and rubbed my lips back and forth over the rim. Sometimes I'd dart my tongue at the eye, other times I'd slide my tongue all the way around the head in a quick circular action. 

I then moved to my right, and found another limp cock there. I craned lower and stuck my tongue into the ball sack, licking and jabbing at it. Then I lifted the soft cock and placed its head onto my stretched out tongue. I flicked my tongue back and forth and the cock quick began to grow. Finally it was impossible to do that anymore and so I sunk my lips down over the stiff shaft as far as they would go. I carried on wanking the cock of the man on the left. 

Finally I felt I had left the third man out for too long. I crawled over to his cock, bent it downwards gently with my hand and then forming an '0' with my mouth, just pushed my head back and forth over the cockhead and shaft. 

Suddenly I felt someone lift the back of my tunic up and clutch my bottom. I didn't turn, but out of the corner of my eye I could see the man on the right was no longer sitting there. I felt something hard being pushed against my pussy and then rubbed around before it slowly thrust itself in to me. Holding my hips the unseen man simply fucked me as I knelt hidden under the table with my mouth fucking the cock in front of me. It was so wild! 

He kept this up for about two minutes before pulling out of me and returning to his seat! I took that as a sign that they were finished now. I let the cock I was sucking slipout of my mouth and crawled back out from under the table. The men thanked me and I returned to the kitchen for a few minutes rest. 

Sally was there. "I just served this man, bending over to fill his glass when his friend simply got up, lifted my skirt, held my hips and shafted me!" She seemed surprise at how it happened. "Usually they say something first."

I told her what had happened to me.

"The sods must be related." She laughed.

I went back out there. The first thing I saw was Anna, totally naked sitting between two men and laughing loudly. She had her hands in both their laps and was pumping up and down on their cocks. One was fondling her breast; the other was joking with her. 

At another table Rachel was with her blonde lover still. She was laying next to him on the couch. He sat there while she had her head in his lap, sucking at his cock; her head moving up and down slowly as her mouth sank down along the shaft. He was stroking her thigh casually and watching her head, His other hand caressing her head. 

Turning around I saw that Sally had already found someone, or rather two people. They were pressed up against her on the dance floor, dancing slowly. One behind her, the other in front. Their hands were wandering all over her body, it looked so sexy, four hands, rubbing up her side, moving between her legs, lifting her tunic up over her waist. One breast was exposed. I noticed that the man at the front had now put his cock between her legs, the other one's cock was standing tall by her thigh. She was kissing the front one deeply. 

I was called over to a table where two men were sitting watching the events. One was brown haired, the other was blonde, both in their twenties. The blonde drew aside his toga to reveal his cock standing up. He gestured for me to sit astride him. I tried to hop on but he turned me by grabbing my waist and then pulled me down gently onto his cock. His friend got up and stood in front of me and then pulled his cock out and offered it to my lips.

The cock in my pussy felt good. I moved my hips up and down a little while he held on to my waist. I kissed the head of the cock in front of me, then kissed it again before rolling my lips over the head and along the shaft. The man threw his head back and moaned. I took hold of his balls with one hand and the shaft with the other. The man sitting behind me thrust me up and down on his cock.

Someone else came over to watch. His hand was under his toga and he was rubbing himself slowly as I was being pushed up and down, my lips rolling back and forth over the long cock in my mouth. I could feel the head hitting the back of my mouth as I thrust forward each time. I squeezed and stroked his balls. The cock inside of me was still thrusting regularly. 

Suddenly the man in front simply grabbed my head, not so much to hold me there more to steady himself. I felt his cock tense and the head swell, and then out it came, a pouring of thick sticky salty cum. It flooded my mouth, laying in a lake over my tongue and teeth and gums. He spurted into my mouth several times before finally he stopped moving. I pulled my lips from his shaft and then let his cum just fall out over my lips, run down my chin and pour on to my breasts, covering one in a thick sludge of gooey cum. 

This was too much for the man behind me who was risking breaking his neck to see over my shoulder. He called out and his hips jerked up and down off the chair and I knew he was cuming in me. His hips twitched and jerked for nearly a minute before he became still. I got off and took some tissues from the table before heading off to the kitchen and the shower beyond. 

After my shower I had a drink and a short break. Rachel was there, 'taking five' as she put it. So far she had been screwed over the table, had sucked him for nearly twenty minutes and had still not made him cum once. I told her she was lucky, he was really dishy. She laughed. Sally walked in, cum along her thigh and some more over her breasts. "They got me to kneel on the dance floor and then wanked off, one over my tits, the other over me, lucky it landed on my hips rather than face...I think he lost his nerve just before he came."

Rachel then went back outside to her blonde. Sally was off to the showers. 

I followed Rachel outside with a tray of drinks. I went from table to table. Sometimes while serving the drinks a man would put his hand up my tunic as I bent forward and cup my bottom. I enjoyed leaning forward knowing how the gaping tunic would reveal my small breasts hanging there, wobbling slightly. One man just hooked his finger in the front of the tunic as I was leaning forward and pulled it down a little for a better look. "Like what you see."

He smiled, pulled aside his toga where a fat hard cock was pointing upwards at me. "Yes. Do you?"

I swooped low and engulfed the head with my wet lips. Kneeling down I bobbed my head back and forth along his shaft for about a minute before pulling back and standing up. "Yes." I told him and went on to the next table.

A man asked me to dance. Leaving the tray in the kitchen I went on to the dance floor with him. He held me tightly, his hands running over my back and began clutching at my bottom, cupping the cheeks tightly in his hands. He lowered his head to kiss the top of my chest, just where the swell of my breasts started. I felt one leg pushing between mine as we slowly moved on the dance floor.

While he mauled my bottom I took a look around. Rachel was upside down! Her head in the lap of Blondie and her bottom just below his face. Her legs were locked behind his head, as his tongue appeared to be pushing deep into her pussy. He was certainly getting his moneys worth. Several men were gathered on the sides of his table, watching intently.

Anna was over a table with one man standing between her legs, thrusting in and out, with both his hands on her pointy breasts, while another man stood behind her head, feeding his cock into her mouth as her head hung upside down over the edge of the table. 

Sally must have still been in the showers. Alice was standing near the door, a man behind her, his hands mauling her breasts, his head buried in her neck. She had his cock by her thigh in one hand. She smiled when she saw me looking.

The man I was dancing with took my hand and led me to a table. There he turned me around and bent me forward a little. I felt him fiddles behind me and then felt his cock push against the back of my legs. He found my pussy and pushed it in. I was so wet and horny. This party was beyond anything I had imagined. He started to thrust into me, my tunic wrapped around my waist, and his hands juggling my breasts. I felt his cock thrusting back and forth into me. With one hand I started to touch myself at the same time. I knew I was going to cum and just hoped he didn't last too long after that. As luck would have it we both seemed to reach it at the same point. My legs tensed and my hips jerked, the build up just took me off. His jerking went uncontrollable, wild powerful thrusts. His hands fell from my breasts and clung on to my hips. I could hear him yelling behind me. 

He pulled his cock out and seconds later I shuddered to a halt. I went back to the kitchen. I don't usual smoke but I felt like one now. Sally gave me one of hers. I had a quick shower.

When I came out it was 11 o'clock. Some of the men had disappeared. Rachel was there, moaning, "I can't make him cum. I've never known anyone who can hold back so long."

"You'll drown when he does." Sally said.

It appears that the blonde had asked Rachel to stay the night with him and she had agreed. Then she looked at me, "Tell her." She said to Sally.

It was explained to me that eight of the men had made a special request. They wanted four of the girls to suck and toss them while the fifth laid on the floor. The idea was to cum all over her. Two relays. Sally wasn't game for it. "I can cope with one, maybe two, but no fucking way." She said. Apparently there was a lot riding on this. They had promised to pay double the entrance fee if someone agreed.

Alice walked in and we told her. She thought about it and at first we thought she was going to say yes, but suddenly she simply said 'no'. 

"I'll do it." I said. "I mean I can keep my mouth closed." 

They laughed. Asked me if I was sure and then one went out to arrange it.

A few minutes later I was lead out to the dance floor where some cushions had been arranged. Even the manager was here to watch this. This was a first. I lay down and four of the men stood near me, two on each side. The girls knelt down besides them and started to play with their cocks. Rachel only used her hands, I guess she was saving herself for the blonde. Sally licked the long thin cock next to her face. On the other side Alice had her lips firmly wrapped around baldie's cock and Anna simply held the cock in front of her with her lips just over the head, while one hand played with his balls, the other wanked him. After everything that happened that night I knew it wasn't going to be long. I lay there, now naked completely, my small breasts almost flat as I stretched out. My soft flesh waiting for the first load. 

Naturally Anna's man's was the first. He couldn't take that for long. He warned her he was about to cum and she pulled clear at the final moment, still wanking his cock quickly. It just poured out; creamy white wet sticky strings of it flying over my breasts, landing with loud spats on my flesh. Two long lines of string gobs of it from my tummy to my breasts, and loads of spots of it covering my chest and tummy.

"Wow." Sally's one said. Just as she licked along the shaft it jerked and a bolt of cum shot out flying totally over me and landing on the floor between the legs of baldie. Sally grabbed his cock and pointed it down. Several more wads shot out, this time directly at my breasts. I could see it splashing as each one hit. It felt warm and wet and started to slip and slide down my sides. Some of it collecting in a pool between my little titties. Rachel and Alice's men were next, both coming together. One fired away at my breasts, virtually soaking them when added to the stuff already there. Baldie got his over my face. Three spurts landing in stringy lines across my nose and cheek, with the third landing directly over my lips. It stayed there till I opened my mouth a little and poked my tongue out, pushing the cum up on top of the tip of my tongue. That got roars of approvals from the men watching.

Alice seemed to be really turned on. She went from one to the other of the four men and gave them each a quick suck, "Cleaning them up", she said later.
