 It being the end of my second month it was party time again. I was invited to attend, as were all the girls. Five girls decided to join in. Alice, the tall girl with large breasts, and flaming red hair, hanging down; Anna, the brown haired beauty with small pointy breasts and very white skin; Sally, a boyish type girl with hardly any breasts at all and a figure rather too close to a pencil. In fact she was very popular, especially dressed up as a boy; Rachel, with long black hair, dark eyes, full breasts and a wicked sense of humour. And then myself, slim, small breasts, long straight blonde hair, blue eyes.

We were the same who were at last month's Roman toga party, and felt we made a good team.

The theme would be a medieval banquet. The special arrangement would be a pair of stocks where one girl would be kept in there for whoever wanted to take their pleasure. I toyed with the idea but Anna decided she wanted that. We were all given costumes to wear, long skirts and petticoats, blouses that gapped at the front and were laced up. 

The night was set for a Friday. We were told there would be a large table with benches along two sides where the men, about fifteen of them would sit. Our jobs were to serve them wine and food and to take care of any needs. 

So at 8pm it started. We all walked out in our costumes. Some of the men were dressed up, some not. Most were fairly youngish, about 20 to 35 years old. There were about four older ones. We were greeted with applause as we came out of the kitchens. 

We led Anna to the stocks. There she was bent forward and her head and wrists locked into them. She looked vulnerable, with her face and hands only peeking out from the wooden stocks. Her brown hair hanging down around her face. Under her head was a box, I'm sure the clever ones amongst you will guess why. Before we left her there we pulled her panties down. We didn't feel she'd be needing them.

We went to the kitchen to get the flasks of wine. When I returned I noticed someone standing behind Anna already. He had lifted her skirts up over her hips and was fondling her bottom and pussy with both his hands. She had her eyes closed and seemed to be enjoying it. Her hips were swaying and moving back and forth as his fingers traced lines around her bottom and along her pussy.

I served several men at the table, pouring the wine. While doing so one man touched the back of my legs under my skirt and then slid his hand quickly up between my legs where he rubbed my pussy gently through my panties. I turned to look and saw it was a youngish man in his early twenties. He had short-cropped black hair with blue eyes. I flashed a smile at him. He reached up and pulled me down to his mouth and kissed me, his tongue pushing into my mouth. The others clapped and cheered.

Letting me go I continued to pour wine. Rachel was on the other side of the table dishing out chicken portions. A white hired man suddenly pulled her on to his lap so she had her back to him. His hands cupped her breasts then pulled the front of her blouse down to expose her breasts. More cheering. The man next to him, a dark haired dishy guy leaned over and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth before they let her up. She grabbed the tray and carried on serving, laughing now. 

Suddenly there was a shout and then a loud roar. I turned and saw the man behind Anna was now fucking her from behind. You could see his long hard cock sliding in and out of her. She had her head down, her face covered by her hair. He was holding on to her hips and was thrusting slowly in and out. While I watched another man got up from the table and walked over to her. He lifted her chin up and then stood on the box in front of her. His hips were now level with her face. His hands disappeared in his trousers and then he fished out a semi hard cock, which he held inches from Anna's face. She craned forward and the head of his cock disappeared into her mouth. Another cheer. A couple of others stood up and went to her side to watch. One of them removed his cock and placed it in her hanging hand. She did her best to rub it up and down though movement was restricted somewhat by the stocks.

A man pulled me on to his knee and kissed me while the man next to him raised the front of my skirts and stuck his head under them. I felt his hands pull my panties down a little way and then his lips kiss me just above my hair. He traced his mouth down and licked and kissed for a few seconds before re emerging. The man whose knee I was on was mauling my breasts within my blouse and had twisted my head to kiss me on the mouth. I felt his hand slip into the top of my blouse and squeeze my nipple before he pushed me up and away. 

I returned to the kitchen to get more wine.

When I emerged I saw Alice laying on her back at the end of the table. Her breasts were out of her blouse and she was laughing. One man was tipping wine over her titties while another was licking them. His face roamed all over her chest, his tongue and lips licking up the wine and sucking at her breasts and nipples. A third man sitting close by had his hand up her skirt.

I wondered where Sally was until I saw a man sitting right back on the bench, his head lolled over. Then I made out Sally's head in his lap. I caught a flash of his cock as she held it while her tongue licked along the length of the shaft before she slipped it back into her mouth.

I served some wine. Naturally there were several grabs at my bottom and titties. I got to the end of the table nearer to Anna. I was just in time to catch the man behind her pull out his cock and jerk it for several seconds until his cum splashed out and fell all over her bare bottom. The creamy white cum looked good on her pale while skin.

The other man in front of her was still fucking her mouth and with her hands bound there wasn't anything she could do about it. Suddenly he seemed to groan and withdrew his cock before holding it just under her chin. A gob of cum shot out and hit her along a line from her chin to her nose. Naturally it started to drip off straightaway, long strings of it hanging down. He shot three more times until her chin and mouth were covered in gooey cum, all of it slowly slipping and sliding off her, hanging in strings, which kept breaking and dripping off. 

The rules were that she could have a break every 45 minutes. She pressed the button by one of her hands and one of the staff came to let her out. She disappeared into the kitchen. No doubt for a shower and a drink.

I turned to look at Alice. Two men were now licking her breasts, basically one on each though sometimes it got confusing. Wine was still being trickled on to them, and over her throat. Then one of the men asked the other to stop. He then climbed on to the table and unzipped himself. He pulled out a large thick cock and holding her breasts between his hands started to thrust it in and out between them. Several people, including me stood around to watch. While I did someone moved behind me and then cupped my breasts in their hands, popping them out of my blouse. I felt his hips grinding into me from behind. I felt something else too, hard and long. I reached behind me and found myself holding a warm cock. I rubbed it up and down against my shirt while his hands massaged my breasts. 

The man astride Alice started to cum. Long spurts of it shot out and hit the underside of her chin and formed a puddle on her throat which quickly filled and started to run down the sides of her neck. She laughed some more. No sooner had he climbed off than the other climbed on. This time he just wanked his cock over her face.

She craned her mouth up and stuck her tongue out flicking at the underside of his cockhead. He must have been fired up already for he started to cum almost straight away. Wads of it shot out and landed all over her face, spotting her lips, tongue, nose and cheeks. She carried on licking the underside all though until finally he simply stuffed his softening cock straight into her mouth. The cum oozed out as his cock pushed in. 

I slid down to the floor and turned to the man behind me. My mouth just fell on his cock engulfing the fat head and half the shaft in one go. I wanted him to fuck my mouth really hard. Clasping his hips I started to push and pull him. He got the idea. His hands held my head as he thrust in and out of my mouth. I noticed Alice walk by and head off back to the kitchen.

Several men were standing around as this large cock thrust in and out of my mouth. I had both hands on the shaft now; letting it slide through them as he moved back and forth. I wasn't playing now. I wanted his cum. I was really turned on. I wasn't sure why, but something about this party was pushing me beyond the normal. 

His cock simply pushed in and out of my mouth, filling it each time, leaving me no room for anything but to accept it. I kept my hands wrapped tightly around the shaft and within a minute or so I felt it tense and then swell slightly. The head swelled and then cum was pumping out into my mouth. I did my best to open my bottom lip so that it could flow out. After a second or two I felt my mouth was filled right up with the salty thick liquid. Luckily he was still thrusting and that in itself pushed cum out the sides of my mouth, which was quickly filled again and again. It tasted really thick, I guess he had been saving this. I could feel it flowing down over my chin and dripping off on to the tops of my breasts and my blouse. 

Finally he pulled away. Another man tried to step in his place but I needed a break and asked him to wait a while.

Back in the kitchen I had a long overdue drink. Anna was heading back out to the stocks. Sally had just had a shower after sucking one man off under the table only to find herself being pulled on to another man who had crawled under and was just laying there waiting for her. They had done it between all those feet. "I didn't know how to stop laughing it seemed so strange." She told us. Rachel was outside, apparently bent over the table while two men took it in turns to take her. "She seemed happy enough," joked Sally.

I took some wine and went out. Anna was in the stocks already, but being ignored for the moment. I noticed Rachel, there were three men standing there now. Two holding their cocks while one was pushing his cock in and out of her pussy while she lay face down on the table. 

I served some wine and then found myself pulled over the laps of three men. They quickly lifted me up so my bottom was on one lap, my back on another and my head on the third. Two looked like brothers, both young, the third was older. They popped my little titties out of my blouse and raised my skirt to my waist. One leant over and started to kiss my mouth, his tongue pushing into mine and licking me. The middle one used his hands on my titties, squeezing and playing with them, while the third rolled my panties down and started to use his finger on my pussy. Talk about heaven.

They did this for about three minutes, and then they simply rolled me over so I was laying on my tummy. One massaged my bottom while the other had his fingers stroking my pussy and the insides of my legs. The other contented himself with stroking the sides of my breasts flattened against his lap. 

They were at the end of the table and raising my head up I could see Anna. Two men were now in front of her holding their cocks up to her face. Her long tongue was stuck out and she was licking the tips of them, moving from one to another. I felt a finger push deep into my pussy and closed my eyes, mmmmh it was so nice. Six hands working me over. Try it, I recommend it.

Eventually they stopped and the middle one asked me to sit astride him. He took his cock out and so I lowered myself down on it facing him. One stood up next to me and offered his cock to my mouth, while the other carried on playing with my breasts fondling and caressing them. 

I felt two hands cup my bottom and start to lift me up and down on his cock which was now deep inside me. I did my best at sucking the cock by my face but my concentration was on the one sliding in and out of me. However I managed a few good licks and sucks at it.

The man squeezing my breasts was doing a wonderful job. He would hold both nipples, rolling them between his thumb and forefinger. The hand on my bottom suddenly clenched really hard and I heard him moan loudly. I guessed by his jerky movements that he was shooting cum deep inside me. When he became still I climbed off and knelt down. The other two stood around me. I took the thin cock in front of me and started to suck at it. Long hard sucks, going from the tip of the head down as far as I could on the shaft. The other one stood by jerking his cock near my cheek. I was in the middle of, licking the thin shaft when the cock next to me started shooting warm sticky cum all over the side of my face. He fired several wads of the stuff, which quickly ran down and dripped off my jaw. That set the one in my mouth off. He pulled out suddenly and shot a wad that caught me all over my top teeth. I closed my mouth and another wad hit the bridge of my nose. It was thin and runny and run down in rivers around the sides of my mouth. I opened my lips and craned forwards, engulfing the head of his cock just as he shot a third and fourth time. I swallowed quickly before sucking at his cock while it grew soft and small within my mouth.

They thanked me and I headed back for the kitchens just as one man splashed his cum all over Anna's face while her mouth had another cock buried in it. I saw Sally sitting on the edge of the table, a man standing in front of her kissing her really small breasts.

I had a much-needed shower and another long cool drink. Anna returned with her face covered in cum. "Three of them. What's wrong with my pussy?" She joked. I asked about Sally. "Oh the last I saw her she was on the floor with someone deep between her legs fucking her like it was going out of style."

I took some food and went back out, nearly tripping over Sally and her man. Yeah, he was really going for it. I looked around and saw Rachel sitting on someone's lap. Her breasts out of her blouse and two hands touching her between her legs, half hidden by the dress gathered up around her waist.

Near the empty stock Alice was kneeling before a man who held a very large cock in front of her face. She was licking at it like it was an ice cream cone.

I started to dish out the food, needless to say there were various hands moving up the back and front of my dress at various times. I leaned forward to serve one man, and while dishing his food up I felt my skirts lifted way over my waist, my panties pulled down and a cock shoved straight into my pussy. I nearly dropped the tray! Firm hands held my hips as what seemed to be a very large cock pushed it's way back and forth. I held on to the edge of the table with one hand and the tray with the other. The man who was waiting for his food smiled and took the chance to rub my breasts through my blouse. I had my head lolled back and my eyes closed. This cock was lovely. It felt so filling. I still hadn't turned to see who it was. The hand on my blouse pulled it down so that one of my small breasts slipped out. The man next to me rubbed the nipple between his fingers.

The hands behind me started to move me back and forth while he seemed to stay still. I guessed that meant he was close to coming. My head fell forward now, trailing long blonde hair on the table. I still had the man next to me holding my right breast. Suddenly who ever was behind me pulled out and within seconds I felt splashes of cum landing on my bottom and the backs of my legs. I could feel the gobs of it slipping and sliding down my legs. It was a pity, that cock could have stayed in there for hours it felt so nice. 

I decided I wanted to know. I turned and had the shock of my life. It was the manager. He flushed and then smiled, "Quality control." He said before leaning forward to kiss me on the cheek. He then zipped himself up and walked back to the kitchens. Well if I had known that he had a cock like that! But then I didn't know of any of the other girls who had found out either. 

By now I had a head clamped to my breast and a pair of teeth were clenching the nipple while a tongue raced around it in circles. I took hold of the head in both hands holding him close and pushing my breasts against him. He sucked and licked them for a minute or so before pulling away. I took the tray and left.

Anna was there, some one behind her, thrusting a cock into her quickly and someone in front of her face, his cock so buried that her lips were touching his balls and hair. Maybe he was just small. On the other side of the room Alice was on all fours with someone behind her, almost pushing her along. Sally was on the table, dancing, flashing her skirts around, lifting them up, her very small breasts shaking slightly as she moved around. Five men were clapping her on. I couldn't see Rachel so I guess she was in the kitchen or shower.

I came out of the shower fifteen minutes later after a quick change. Alice was by then in the kitchen talking to Rachel. They told me Sally was laying on her back on the table while some of the men had placed food on her and were eating off her like a dinner plate! 

Rachel went back outside. About 20 minutes later I followed her and saw Sally still on the table. By now someone was kneeling between her legs that were wrapped around his thighs. He was pumping into her, his hands clenching her bottom. Another man was kneeling over her head, dangling his semi hard cock into her mouth. I could see her open lips and her tongue slipping out and sliding around the head of his cock as he teased her mouth with it.

Rachel was sitting near by. She had lost all her clothes and was kissing one man on her left while wanking another man on her right side. Each one seemed to have hold of one of her breasts. She broke from her kiss and motioned me over, then glanced down at the fat headed acorn like cockhead that was being pumped in her hand. I guessed she wanted me to put my mouth over it. The man was by now lolling back with his eyes closed, his hand mauling at Rachel/s breast. I knelt on the bench next to him and lowered my face. Opening my lips I took his cockhead into my warm mouth. Straightaway I was flooded by hot sticky cum. It just poured out, all salty and thick like cream. I kept it in my mouth as it oozed out of the eye of his cock, swirling my tongue around the thick gooey stuff. When finally his cock stopped oozing cum out I opened my mouth. The cum poured out over his cockhead and down his shaft, covering Rachel's pumping hand. She kept pumping though his cock was going soft. The rivers of cum just collected in pools around his balls and started to flow down to his legs. I licked at the soft cockhead teasing it with my tongue and then sat back. 

Rachel's tongue was deep in the other man's mouth. His hand was squeezing her breast hard, making the nipple really stick out. His other hand was in his lap and he was wanking his cock. Rachel then got up and sat astride him, I watched as his cock disappeared into her. I ran my fingers along the insides of his legs, teasing and caressing them, helping him along. 

Someone knelt behind me and cupped both my breasts within my blouse. He managed to pop them out and started massaging them and pinching them. I pushed my bottom back into his crotch and felt a hard cock pushing against my skirt. Tugging it up I pushed back again until I felt his cock go between my legs. I managed to get the cockhead into the opening of my pussy. I didn't push back any more, instead I just circled my bottom a little, letting his cock play at the opening for a while. He let me have control, it seemed a fair trade, he had my breasts I had his cock.
