 I got to work at 8am one Thursday morning. We did the breakfast shift and sorted out all the washing. At 10 o'clock I was told I was wanted upstairs in my French Maid's outfit. I asked which room and was told the third floor linen cupboard! 

I asked Anna about this and she just said, "That'll be Freddie, he likes confined spaces." She smiled. "Don't worry, it's very quick usually."

The actual room was only big enough for two people to stand in. It consisted mainly of shelves full of linen and stuff. I made my way up there. Coming to the door I opened it slowly. A hand shot out of the darkness grabbed mine and pulled me in. I just caught a glimpse of a short man standing there and then it was darkness has the door was slammed shut. 

I could feel a hard cock pressing in my back. A mouth closed around the side of my neck, teeth scraping the skin, tongue licking at me. By now one hand had slid into the top of my dress and bra and was cupping and squeezing my breast. His other hand slid down and roughly pulled up my short skirt and then his fingers slipped into the waistband of my panties and tugged them down.

When they were just below my knees he pushed the small of my back slightly so I bent forward a little. I think all of 90 seconds had elapsed since I walked in but none the less the excitement of it all was getting me worked up. 

I felt his hand fumbling with his cock and pushing it between my legs. For a few seconds he thrust it simply between them and then pointing it upwards he pushed it hard into me. I nearly lifted off the floor, certainly was on my toes. Wow, talk about quick. He let go of my breast and held my hips, ramming me back and forth on his hard cock. I could feel my naked bottom slamming against his trousers. He didn't play much, just held on to my hips and thrust back and forth like a wild thing. I could never cum this fast but was I turned on. This was amazing. I was gasping out loud as his cock slammed in to me again and again. 

Suddenly he seemed to tense and he pulled his cock out. Within seconds he was shooting spurts of warm cum all over my bare bottom. I felt about five spurts of the stuff, hitting my cheeks and splashing around over the small of my back and dress. Some of it already running down the backs of my legs. 

He spun me around and kissed me once, hard on the mouth before releasing the door and slipping out with barely a whisper 'thanks'.

I looked at my watch, four minutes. It took me longer to clean up. There was a tip left on the shelf, which I saw as soon as I got the light on. I went back downstairs, never knowing which guest it was or what he really looked like. Anna offered to point him out but I decided I liked it better the way it was. 

In the afternoon someone I had seen before asked for me. His name was Scott and last time we met he had tied me to the bed before slowly and relentlessly he had tortured me slowly with utter pleasure, teasing and turning me on. I had broken a record for myself that day.

I spoke to Anna and we decided on a plan. We went up to the room and I entered only. Scott was waiting with a big smile on his face. I noticed some silk scarves on the bed in the room beyond. He saw me looking. "Yes, for you." He told me.

I shook my head. "No, for you." I smiled.

He seemed unsure then agreed. He walked over to the bed. "Take your clothes off, all of them." I ordered. He did as I told him and was soon standing there naked. His cock hanging there. I licked my lips. "Lay down." I said.

He stretched out and then I walked over, tying his wrists and feet to the bed posts. "Now wait." I said and walked out of the bedroom. 

Opening the door to Anna she slipped in. We quickly undressed down to our panties, suspender belts and stocking. She with her brown hair and very white skin and small pointy breasts, and me with my small breasts and long blonde hair. We were both very slim and looked younger then we were. 

Coming back into the bedroom I saw Scott's eyes widen. "Too much for one." He smiled.

We sat on either side of him. Anna started to rub his chest with her hands, paying a lot of attention to his nipples. I could see he was loving it. I took his half-limp cock in my hand and begun slowly to rub it up and down feeling it grow bigger as I did so. By now Anna was leaning over his chest, letting her breasts swing over it, her nipples brushing them as they swayed back and forth. His cock, still in my hand was now very hard. I lowered my mouth to it and opened really wide so that my mouth engulfed it but didn't' touch it. He must have felt my hot breath on it, has it twitched a couple of times. I licked just the very tip with my tongue while keeping my lips as close as I dared to the shaft without actually touching it. 

My tongue licked around the eyes, feeling the contours and caressing it. Then I slowly closed my lips and held his shaft tightly. I lowered my head until his cock was filling my mouth, all the way to the back. My tongue just lying under it pushing hard against it trying to curl around the round shaft. I then dragged my lips all the way up the shaft keeping them has tight as I could. I could hear him moan. They reached the rim of his head and I then sucked hard like puffing on a cigarette. That earned another long moan from him. 

I pulled away and started to wank his thick cock with my hand, slowly and lazily. Anna had by now moved her chest to his face and was dragging her small pointy breasts against his cheeks and nose. He had his mouth open and was sticking his tongue out, sometimes licking at the undersides of her breasts as they slowly rolled over him. I swooped low and started to lick at his balls, my tongue pushing in between them and then licking outwards around them. My hand carried on wanking his cock. I was gripping tightly and I saw that some pre cum had already appeared. 

Anna sat up and then moved herself over him so her pussy was directly over his face. For a few seconds she teased him by staying out of reach of his searching tongue, then she lowered herself straight down onto his mouth. She undulated her hips as his tongue evidently pushed deep inside her. I continued wanking his cock slowly while my tongue teased his balls.

Then I moved my head up a little and started to lick along his shaft. I could still hear him moaning and stopped a little to watch Anna moving around on his face. She did this for a couple of minutes and then tensed before cuming, shaking all over and crying out loudly. Her cum lasted longer then mine ever did and it was at least two minutes before she raised herself off his wet face. 

She smiled at me. I told her to turn him on to his side. Then I lay down next to him and tucked my head under his cock with my cheek next to his hip. I looked over my head and saw him staring at me, wondering what would happen. I told Anna to wank his cock slowly just above my face and open mouth. 

She knelt behind him and reaching around took his cock in two fingers and gripping it tightly slowly wanked it up and down. I stuck my tongue out and let it slide along the side of his shaft and head. With her other hand she squeezed his balls, massaging and milking them. 

He must have enjoyed this a lot because after just a couple of minutes I felt his hips tense next to the side of my face. Suddenly he was cuming. Not spurts of it, but long streams of it just dribbling out the end of the purple head of his cock, falling in strings into my open mouth and around my lips. The first string hit the tip of my tongue and wound its way down along my tongue. When the second stream came it dribbled out over my chin and lips, leaving a string across my mouth, which I whipped in with my tongue. It tasted sweetly salty, gobs of thick cream. I let it swim to the back of my mouth before swallowing it. Several more streams poured out and landed over my face and tongue and in my open mouth. All the time Anna kept squeezing and milking those balls and wanking that cock up and down ever so slowly. Finally the streams were replaced by just drips and then even they stopped coming. I raised my head and engulfed the head of his cock between my lips and sucked the head washing it with my tongue, teasing the underside, while Anna's fingers squeezed the last drops out of the head into my mouth.

"Oh that was wonderful," he told us. 

Anna untied him and then he slid down the bed to kiss me. I felt his fingers dancing along my stomach and then slide down between my legs. He proceeded to finger fuck me, all the time squeezing my breast with the other hand and kissing my mouth. His cock remained limp despite Anna, laying behind him, reaching around to play with it.

It didn't take me long. I tensed and then released, my hips jerking against his fingers. He sucked hard on my nipple while that happened, his tongue swirling around it. Finally I told him to stop.

After that Anna and me chatted to him for a while and then left.

The rest of the afternoon was normal duties until about six when I was asked to go and visit the Colonel again.

I knocked and was told to enter. 

"Hello young girl," he said as I walked in, "Quickie before lunch my girl?"

"Whatever you want Sir. How's the grandson."

He laughed, "Bloody little puppy's never in the house since you. Don't know what you did to him but he's the terror of the village girls!"

I smiled.

"Yes, well, anyway my girl, Skirt up! Panties down! Lay across my lap!"

With one hand I tugged my panties down to around my knees and then held my skirt above my waist as I knelt over his lap. He put one arm over me, using his hand to steady my hips, while he smacked me lightly several times with the other hand. I felt my bare bottom cheeks wobble with each slap. After that he began to stroke my bottom, his finger drawing circles on my cheeks until he finally slid it between my legs, touching at my wet pussy. 

"Ah," he moaned, "Heaven."

For a few moments he contented himself with fingering me and then asked me to stand up.

"Make the sentry stand to attention, then some action."

I knelt between his legs and unzipped his trousers. My hand reached in to fish out a semi erect cock. Putting my lips to the head I moved them around before opening and swallowing his cock deep into my mouth. He moaned and I saw him arch back in the chair. I bobbed my head up and down a few times before withdrawing, leaving his cock very hard and wet. 

He told me to get on all fours before him, which I did. He then got out of the chair and knelt between my legs and pushed his cock into my pussy. He slapped my hip a couple of times ordering me to 'ride, damn you, ride!' I pushed my hips back and forth against his cock, doing most of the work. He must have been saving himself up for this. He just stayed very still before jerking uncontrollably against me. I knew then he was shooting his cum into my pussy. His hands clenched at my bottom and his hips bashed against me as he called out several times. 

He then withdrew and sat back on his legs. "Wonderful little filly."

I went to the bathroom. When I returned he was all dressed. "Get your clothes on girl, walk me down to the dining room if you please."

I smiled and got dressed.

The end