 We reached a cruising altitude of thirty-five thousand feet when the stewardess made the announcement. 

"The captain has turned off the seatbelt sign. If you need to get up and move around the cabin..."

I was scarcely paying attention to her. I was in an aisle seat, reclining comfortably. A hot, little slut was in the middle seat with the arm rest raised between us. It wasn't a completely random encounter. She was with me, an internet fucktoy that I wanted more than filthy text from. I collected her on the east coast for a weekend of debauchery on the west coast. She had her life and I had mine, but I was not going to let that complication stand in my way. I wanted her. I wanted to fuck her. I told her that, typed it in the midst of our lewd instant messages. "Yes Master," she typed. And eight hours later she was on a flight home with me, sucking my cock. The small blanket she got from the stewardess before take-off was only just concealing her from view. I hand my hand beneath that blanket, stroking her neck. Every now and then, she moaned. If it weren't a red-eye flight with only a few other passengers onboard, I don't know that we would have gotten away with this, but I also don't know that I would have stopped her regardless. Whenever someone would walk by, my abdomen tensed and I slipped my fingers atop her head, holding her still. I would feign sleeping and it would appear that she was doing the same, resting her head in my lap. There was one instance where I held her still, the tip of my cock lodged at the entrance of her throat, where she darted her tongue forward; licking at my balls. I nearly jumped right the fuck out of my seat. I breathed in slowly, steeling myself as I loosened the grip on the top of her head. She started to bob again as I measured my breath, glancing around. There was a guy in the window seat, but he was dead to the world, sleeping. 

When I turned to check the aisle again, I didn't even notice the guy in the aisle, rooting around in the overhead bin. His crotch was at eye level and I damn near grazed it with my cheek. It was an odd and troubling sensation to be getting a blow job while some guy slept on one side of us and another guy had his cock practically in my face. I was just about to say something to the guy rooting around in his luggage above me. Maybe something like, 'Say, would you mind getting your crotch out of my face?' when I noticed he was erect in his trousers. I realized that he knew exactly what my little fuckdoll was doing. He was feigning the exploration in the overhead bin so he could watch. Not that he could see anything, but he knew well enough by the way the blanket moved in my lap precisely what I was getting. His dick poked lewdly at the front of his khakis, revealing his full-on arousal and I couldn't help but stiffen further in the midst of so much carnality. I pulled the blanket back from her head and heard her moan, pulling a deep suck on my shaft as she saw his tented trousers for the first time. No matter how many erotic situations we envisioned in our cyberfucking, I still found myself fascinated when she slid her hand up the leg of his pants and wrapped her fingers around his trousered tool. She was on her knees in that middle seat, kissing at the side of my face, licking the interior of my ear while she stroked the both of us, one in each hand. There I was, utterly exposed. She was stroking my stiff, damp cock while she lowered his zipper with her other hand and slipped her fingers inside.

"He is so hard, Master," she told me. 

"You are a filthy, little whore," I answered her. 

"Your filthy, little whore," she responded, pulling his cock free of the zipper. 

I won't deny it. It was electric when I watched her lips press to the head of his exposed cock. Watching her pull that head into her mouth, suck tightly and moan made my thighs stiffen. I shot a singular spurt of hot cum that stained her blouse before she clutched tightly about the base of my shaft. 

"Mount, slut," I ordered. 

She did not need to be told twice. In her skirt and panties, it was a simple maneuver. She straddled my lap and used her grip on my hard cock to point it right up at her hot snatch. Then she used it to shove those soaked, silk panties to one side. For a moment, the cock of the other passenger was forgotten, held in reserve while she lowered that beautiful, completely bare pussy down onto me. It was so hot, so wet, and so lovingly tight that I groaned, not wanting that initial contact of our sexes to end. That moment, when a primed cunt meets a stiff erection...nothing is better. The moment the tip found the pocket, she slipped her fingers free and rested them on my shoulder. A moment after that, she got to fucking. No bouncing involved. Just a slow writhe, an erotic roll of her hips that kept her ass planted right on my thighs, never breaking the contact as my cock reached into her belly. 

She kissed me. It was one of those soft, romantic types of kisses that women enjoy. Patient tongues, locked lips and long moments where the only breath comes from one another's lungs. I had nearly forgotten how lewd this was. I had nearly forgotten that we were thirty-five thousand feet in the air, fucking on a public airline. I had nearly forgotten, that is, until I felt her lips brushing away from mine, her tongue slipping free as she turned to the side. She had his hard cock right there and she sucked at it as my lips pressed to the corner of her mouth. I can't explain why I wasn't shocked or even worried about the contact. As she rode me, rocking her hips forward and back against my thighs, I clutched her round ass. There was a frantic moment where she lost the head of his cock and it slipped between us, my mouth and hers on either side of it. I felt her tongue slide beneath his shaft to lick at my bottom lip before she regained the tip and sucked at it hard. I started to cum, bucking up at her, flooding her with hot jism as my breath caught and released harshly. She screwed her ass down tighter onto my thighs, determined to ride it out, and I felt her temperature rise swiftly from the inside. She cried out unintelligibly when his stiff dick popped free and he grasped it, jerking the last crucial strokes before ejaculating all over her throat. She was such a sexy mess. I kissed her hard, the kind of kiss that men enjoy putting on their women; a rape of mouths. She tasted like cock. 

By the time we broke the kiss, the man who was rooting around in the overhead bin had apparently found what he was looking for. He was no longer there. However, the man in the window seat was finally awake. He had his pants around his ankles and his hard dick in his hand. My little fuckdoll grinded her ass against me; my spent cock still half-hard and lodged in her pretty cunt. She glanced at Mr. Window Seat and then back at me, licking at my mouth as her pussy clutched at my cock.

"Please, Master?" she begged.