 Chapter one chopped off a little early - here's the next part. LOTS more to come/cum. Everyone is over 18

==========================

Penelope wiggled her hips slightly and her stream got close to Sophies' feet.

"Hey cut that out, or I'll pee on you."

"Like to see you try."

Sophie tried and the game removed her embarrassment. Before long there were peeing contests all over the beach. Then Mademoiselle Du Pont asked. "That's alright for p.. p.. p.... pee peeing but what about the... you know... the other?"

David explained that they were digging a hole and would put a wall around it for the moment. He went to explain that a common trick in the island was to have a frame that you could sit on, the frame was out in the water, a sort of a flush toilet. No walls though. The other option was just on the beach below the high tide mark. Mademoiselle DuPont scuttled off and used a hole.

She returned and looked at the sleeping arrangements and sighed resignedly. "I'm going to be a realist, I know you are pairing off and will be sleeping together but I would ask you not to have sexual intercourse tonight. Tomorrow we are going to have to sit down and work out cycles, otherwise this island will have a population explosion. Any comments."

Penelope laughed. "Yes, they took all my pills so that is a real risk. Well girls, who doesn't know how to have Oral sex?"

Open mouths looked back at her and no-one spoke. "Oh, looks like we'll have to have a beginners class." Mademoiselle DuPont looked a mix between horrified and relieved "Th...th...that's not a subject I can teach."

My respect for her went way up, she was so out of her comfort zone yet she was still able to be realistic and make a joke about it.

Penelope laughed "David and I are quite experienced so we'll share our experience. Which shall we do first, pleasing the girl or the guy?"

David thought for a moment "let's please the girls first, lay down by the fire Pen, so everyone can see clearly."

Penelope lay down by the fire and spread-eagled herself. "Better go over all the bits with a 'clinical' explanation first David."

"Right guys, gather round where you can see clearly, girls stand behind your guys."

Everyone moved close. David reached out, and started with Penelope's neck.

"Every girl has a lot of erogenous zones, and half the fun and turn on is finding them. From the top of her head to the soles of her feet, you can get a reaction with the right touch. And just like a typical female, they can change depending on her mood, so you have to start all over again. It's a lot of fun exploring and trying different places and different things. Now Penelope has a number of constant turn-ons. Kissing, nibbling and sucking, she doesn't go for biting although some girls like a bit of pain but don't assume. Try things, and watch the reaction. Girls, don't just lie there like a block of wood, tell your guys 'that's nice, a little lower', that sort of thing."

He kissed Penelope, gently on the lips, all could see the gentleness of the first touch. His hands stroked the side of her neck and her head tilted to allow access. His tongue showed itself and a teasingly licked her lips, his teeth caught her lips and tweaked them. His mouth moved to her neck, just below her ears and licked and kissed her there.

"As you can see, her body has reacted, her nipples are the most obvious sign at this point."

Penelope's nipples had hardened and gone from small bumps to proudly erect, her breasts were pushed forward on display and a flush that owed nothing to the fires heat suffused her chest.

"Girls, this is why guys like getting you topless, to see your reaction. Of course that's not a problem here. Now before I move on I want you all to look closely at Pen's genitals."

He moved down and stroked her lips.

"At this early stage her outer lips are normal and her inner lips fairly hidden. As we progress her outer lips will swell up and and her inner lips will start to protrude. Every girl is different but there are similarities. Her vagina is starting to moisten already although, knowing Pen as I do, she's probably been wet since she first took her clothes off, she's a bit of an exhibitionist. Correction, a LOT of an exhibitionist."

David moved back up to her breasts. He gently cupped the underside and stroked towards the nipple making Penelope gasp. He took the nipple between his fingers and gently tweaked it. The other hand moved up and repeated the sequence. Penelope moaned quietly as her eyes closed. 

"Always, always start gently, girls, if you think you'd like it harder tell your partner to try harder, guys, if she asks, try once and wait for her to tell you again, otherwise back to gently. Remember this is for HER pleasure."

Davids mouth moved to Penelopes' breast and suckled the nipple, his mouth opened and all could see his tongue roll her nipple into the top of his mouth.

"Some mothers can climax from a baby feeding so if you can remember back to when you were feeding, try it, just remember you have teeth now so just gums."

Davids mouth was busy on her breast but his hands continued to stroke Penelopes' sides and front.

"Now we move to the 'honeypot'. Move there slowly, kissing down her stomach, anticipation is half the turn-on. Try not to wear a rut by doing the same thing every time, variety heightens the anticipation. Now you can see her lips have swollen a little. Lets go inside and talk through this."

Penelope opened her legs even further, spreading her lips, and David helped her bring her knees up to her chest. She was totally open all the way to her puckered little anus.

"Here at the top we have her 'love-bud', her clitoris. There are lots of names but essentially this is the centre of her pleasure. But too much attention tends to make it over-sensitised so tease it. Penelopes' clit is fairly prominent because it gets a lot of attention. Most girls have a hood that the clit hides inside. Some girls, like Sophie over there, have a very visible hood."

Sophie stepped forward so everyone could see her and shyly opened her legs so all could see her hood on display. Then she whimpered and jumped back "I felt... sort of .. I don't know."

David continued "Sophie felt the first stirrings of arousal. Now she'll probably walk a little differently, with her pelvis tilted back to push her hood where all can see easier. To continue, below the clit is the urethra where she pees from. This is quite hard to spot unless you can get her to let you watch as she pees, that's fun as you saw earlier. Now we come to the vagina. You will see that Pen's inner lips seem to start half way down her slit and get bigger. Some girls have very prominent inner lips and get embarrassed by them and have an operation to cut them back, me, I like girls to be pround of what they have and guys should accept, no, worship, what she offers. Many girls are like Melanie with, what looks like a little peach, with everything hidden inside."

"yeah and Simon wants to check out how juicy my peach is, but only if I get to chew on his sausage." Lots of laughter from everyone.

"You two have paired up so he's learning how to suck the juice from your peach but don't bite his sausage too hard or you won't get any for breakfast."

More laughter, the best medicine. David continued. "Inside the lips you can see the vagina entrance. Virgins have an extra flap of skin called a hymen, across part of the entrance, but several activities can cause this to stretch or rupture, horse riding the most common. Many girls seem to have explored while masturbating, some using their fingers, some using their hairbrush handle. Sometimes tampons can do it, just depends. If the hymen is still intact then the first time HURTS, especially if she isn't ready. Tonight we will stay outside and tomorrow we'll talk about getting inside, OK?"

No football jocks take French so there seemed to be a group of caring guys.

"Fingers and tongues are best around this area. Most girls are sensitive all the way to their anus so get over any hesitation. I know we don't have bidets and toilet paper here so we all must wash carefully, yes, guys too. Licking around the outside of the anus is called rimming and it can get a girl very excited, stiffen your tongue and enter and watch her react. Important to relax to allow entry. Once you work out your cycles, the anus can be useful as you can't get pregnant there."

Mademoiselle DuPonts eyes couldn't get any wider. But she was watching closely, so was everyone else, even Mr Grainger.

"Most girls prefer contact to move around the area. A bit of licking around the rear, slide up to the vagina, plunge a tongue in a few times, lick up to the clit and give that a nibble. Repeat until climax. Vary the sequence, don't stay on the one area too long, and stop occasionally until she screams 'DON'T STOP YOU BASTARD' then you can give the clit a final bit of attention until she tries breaking your neck or smothering you. We'll do a full demonstration so you see what I mean."

David moved up and kissed Penelope gently on the lips. It was obvious that suddenly everyone around didn't exist for him now, he was focussed. He stroked her gently around her face and caressed her neck, kisses fluttered around her face and neck and down to her breasts. She lifted slightly, presenting her breasts to him. He gently cupped her right breast and flicked his tongue at the nipple which swelled in appreciation. His tongue traced across her chest to the left breast and repeated the attention. Her breathing shortened and her face flushed, her eyes closed and her head tilted back. He gave each nipple and breast more attention, both with his tongue and his hands. He stroked her sides down to her hips and they lifted to present herself to him. He kissed down her centre-line, across her navel to the top of her slit. His tongue extended and flicked at her clit which engorged, proudly displaying itself. David moved around and spread Penelopes' butt cheeks wide apart and ran his tongue around her anus. She twitched and gasped. He ran his tongue along the length of her slit just inside the outer lips, up to her clit and flicked that. Quickly back to her anus and slowly teased around that. Slowly, quickly, left, right, tongue, finger, tongue and finger!, his tongue stiffened and plunged into her vagina, once, twice, then licked inside her inner lips, back inside her vagina while his fingers caught the clit between them and tweaked it, once, twice. Penelopes' back arched, her fists clenched and a long, low moan announced her arousal. There were echoing moans from every female watching as they all stood there with hands pressed tightly between their legs. Still David continued, back to the clit more frequently, he sucked it now while two fingers slid inside her vagina, again, once, twice, the fingers plunged into her depths. Now her hips bucked and with a guttural scream she clamped her legs around his head and held him there while she bucked and writhed to a standstill. A last gasp and she relaxed her legs. David smiled at her, moved up and kissed her gently on the lips, his face covered with her juices. Their awareness expanded to their audience and they looked around.

"And that is a fairly typical reaction. Guys, you will get a sense of when she is going to clamp you and you'll have to take a deep breath first. The girls juices are NOT 'yuk', they are truly the nectar of the gods, manna from heaven."

Penelope was still panting but had a grin that split her face.

"We've never had an audience before, that was a real extra buzz. Now girls, how to say 'thank you'."