 I don't think any of us intended things to develop the way they did. It was far more a case of unexpected desires taking control of the three of us and creating opportunities none of us had envisaged. In fact Mouse, as I call my partner [her given name is Anna], and I have always shared very different kinds of fantasy involving us with another couple or watching each other with other partners at some exotic party which both of us knew we would never really attend. The expression of the fantasies was just a way of enhancing the pleasures of our love-making; it wasn't intended to happen nor did we expect it ever would. Real life crept up on us and took us both completely by surprise.

Last summer Mouse and I rented a villa on the largest of the Îles d'Hyères, a tiny archipelago of small islands off the Mediterranean coast of France, not far from Toulon. We had always wanted to go back there after a brief day trip several years earlier. One of the unusual features of the islands is that the finest beaches in the Mediterranean are on North facing coasts and, of course, this means there are few such in France. These islands enjoy white sandy sheltered coves and to Mouse and me, enthralled as we then were by our young love, we thought we had glimpsed a hidden paradise all our own. 

In truth it was known to many others and it didn't prove easy or cheap to find the kind of accommodation we wanted for the month of August. We wanted to be near one of the beaches and we sought an old villa in its own grounds, secluded if possible, so we could relax as we wished. Don't let that conjure up anything especial; we just liked to be on our own together. On holiday I liked to sneak up on Mouse and put a hand inside her blouse. She would sometimes tempt me by unbuttoning most of the buttons of her blouse or by wearing shorts with the zip just partially undone. Occasionally, on very warm evenings, we would go round the house we had rented naked or sit in the nude on the terrace as the moths came to the stormlight to watch us drink our wine.

Mouse loves to paint although she dismisses me when I say to friends that she's a painter. 'No, I'm a university admissions assistant!' she responds with a laugh. 'I just love to paint.' Always in watercolours, she paints landscapes and buildings. For the last year she has been working to include figures in her landscapes and has become quite talented in this respect. 'Talented I can cope with but more than that and I'll know you're lying!' she said once after I had admired a picture she did at evening class of an elderly man in a chair. 'One of my fellow students,' she said.

Our story began properly on the second full day of our stay on Port-Cros. Mouse had decided to paint a picture of 'our' villa and had promised to paint me into it later 'if I was good.' I knew that she would be very silent while she worked so I said I was going to walk round the island a bit and explore. 

I'll let Mouse tell you the next part of the tale.

 oooo0000oooo oooo0000oooo