 There is a time in some lucky people’s lives that experimenting with sex, positions, location, partners, genders is possible- for most of us middle-class kiddos that time is at University, away from home for the first time, pushed together into first year accommodation blocks with cheap booze, soft drugs and an itch that needs scratching. Most people grow out of these carefree games- some of us don’t.

Before University I had rather a mixed up sex life. An avowed hetro until the age of 14 my first time with a woman/girl was just awful- rushed, cramped, painful, clumsy and not at all what I dreamed, lusted and wanked over for the last three years.

 It wasn’t long after that that one drunken evening I had a blowjob from a guy at a party, and that literally blew my mind- it was the explosion, the lightning I had expected sex to be since I first realised what an erection was for. For the next three years I got it where, when and as often as I could- I was about as unsafe and as reckless as you could be- I have vague recollections about a party when three of us holed up in the bathroom and literally dragged guys in and fucked them and each other for all we were worth, clearer memories of a friend and I having a blowjob contest at a local cottage- he won with 23 in one evening but it was close. 

Then I woke up, by the grace of someone I had been lucky, my test was negative as were the next three. Many of my fuck-buddies weren’t so charmed.

In the aftermath of all of that things slowed down- I was just coming up to my “A Levels”* and had enough on my mind when I meet Katy at an Anti-Apartheid fund-raiser party, we sort of hit it off and before the night was out I learned that sex with a woman was wonderful- different but just sort of wow as well.   Well like a bear discovering honey I just couldn’t get enough, didn’t do wonders for my revision but was great for stress relief. We sort of fucked the summer away, she was a teacher and I was awaiting my results to see whether I was going to Oxford or off to a red brick university. In the end although I got the right results I decided to go to York instead of Oxford because Katy lived in York- and well it seemed a good idea at the time.

Well that didn’t last long, within three weeks of term starting I had left Katy and just relaxed into the student life, parties, casual sex with strange and enchanting women I rarely saw for a second time and the occasional, well protected and oiled guy.

It was sort of dull really, but there were other distractions-politics mainly, with Thatcher in power we had a lot of complaining to do. Every weekend we were on the coach down to London, health workers pay, anti-nuke, miners, Palestine, education cuts- you name it we marched round Trafalgar Square shouting slogans about it. If I ever hear “Thatcher, Thatcher, Thatcher, Out, Out OUT “ I’ll be sick.

But it was one Saturday it all happened. Paul, a guy I knew at Uni, and knew in bed as well, and I had got talking to a group of London School of Economic students on the demo, we had poured into a pub afterwards and had a pint to many- by the time we got back to the pick up point we had missed the bus home. The last train was too expensive for us so we legged it back to the pub. Luckily some of our new found friends were still there so to much laughter and joking we rejoined the party. 

At 11 the bar closed, most of our friends were going onto a club but Paul and I were exhausted, we had been up at 4am to catch the bus and with that and the beer we were done in. Once again luckily one of the group, Sam, a smallish short blond haired woman, said that she too was bushed and we could stay at her place and find a cheaper way of getting home the next day. So arm in arm off we trouped singing rebel songs through the back streets of central London.

Sam’s place turned out to be a room in a small flat just off Tottenham Court Road. We piled through the door to find that there were already two bodies fast asleep on the living room floor. Shit- Sam’s flatmate had already nabbed the spare space for some friends of hers. We tipped toed across the living room and into Sam’s room. She had a big double mattress on the floor so we squeezed into that, Sam, Paul in the middle and me on the outside. We sat talking for an hour or so and then curled up to try and sleep. 

Paul it would appear however was not in a sleeping mood, within seconds of the lights going out his hand slipped round my side and without and preliminaries when straight for my cock, his lips kissing my neck. Slowly both his hand and his mouth became firmer. Giving in to the inevitable I turned towards him, stretching my lips over his and my hand moved to his cock.  I paused for a moment, Sam’s hand was already there massaging his shaft slowly, the street lights lit up her head as she leaned over to kiss Paul’s ear. Hoping not to kill the mood I reached for the bedside light, I can’t make love in the dark I have to see and be seen. Switching the light on Sam lifted her face and smiled, “I wanted you both the minute I saw you, this way I don’t have to decide which one”, she leaned over and kissed me before returning to Paul’s ear- Paul looking me in the eye raised his eyebrows and then turned to kiss Sam full on the mouth.   

What the hell I thought and switching position on the bed took Paul’s silken cock into my mouth. Sam’s hand moved down to between Paul’s legs and I took his cock in hand as well as mouth. I felt Paul jerk a little as her fingers penetrated him and then sensed him pushing back onto her hand. I could feel Paul’s hand on my cock as I pushed it up near his face but it was an unfamiliar mouth that encompassed the head and an unfamiliar tongue that probed the little hole at it’s tip. What ever Paul was doing with his hands was causing Sam to moan, the vibrations ran down the full length of my cock into my spine. Paul’s cock was beginning to shiver in my mouth. I felt Sam’s other hand pushing against my sphincter then in one simple movement she was in, two fingers deep against my prostate.

I thought about how we would look, me sucking Paul, Paul wanking Sam, Sam sucking me and fucking us both. The thought was too much, I started to come.

Paul was a millisecond ahead of me, I felt his shivering and them trembling, his sperm pumped into the condom, second later it was my turn, feeling I was on the brink Sam pushed into another finger and pushed hard against my P, I cried out into Paul’s thighs as I came, next came Sam sobbing as each wave hit.

The next couple of hours was truly incredible, each took it in turns to be in the middle and “worshipped” by the others. Sam wasn’t into anal sex then but she wasn’t opposed to rimming and I can still picture her with Paul on one side loving her asshole with his tongue, me on the other sucking her clit, both of us with a finger inside of her and Sam with a condom clad cock in each hand. When she came the feeling was so intense that she cried, with Paul and I comforting her in our arms.

Later she held Paul as I slowly fucked him, her eyes wide as she watched my cock slide slowly in and out of him. 

We missed the bus next day and spent Sunday in bed, Sam stayed in touch over the next year, before she decided that she was a lesbian- Paul I think is now thinking of children. Me I’m the same as ever- refusing doggedly to grow up.