 This is a story about a journey home after a shopping trip that Chas and I went on recently.

We were on our way home after a good day out shopping. We had been in a lot of shops, and I had tried on several articles of clothing, always leaving the curtain of the changing cubicle open a bit for other men to see me change as when I took off my short tight dress I was naked underneath except for my black stockings and suspenders as I wasn't wearing any underwear, giving them a good look at my tits and shaven cunt.

We also had a meal at a restaurant, and Chas had fingered my cunt under the table, I love this and had to bite my lip as I cum several times. There was also the flashing I had done at various times in the street, bending over showing my ass, and a couple of times unzipping my dress right up the front and letting it fall open as we passed a building site or a group of men in the street.

On our way home I had given Chas a blowjob when we stopped in a lay-by, and then said I was in the mood for some more flashing to lorry drivers on the way back.

I undid the zip all the way down then pulled it together. As we pulled alongside a truck I pulled the dress apart when the driver looked down giving him a good eyeful of all I had. He tooted his horn and grinned. I opened my legs and began to rub my cunt, then inserting two fingers in to my moist slot and gave the driver a ringside view of me wanking myself to a climax. After this I gave him a wave and a smile and we sped on.

Several miles further up the road Chas decided to stop as we needed fuel and pulled in at a truckstop, as he was filling up who should turn up but the truck driver who I had flashed to. He recognised the car and came over, he said he had enjoyed the show and how about having a drink with him in thanks at the nearby bar. I was looking him up and down so Chas said we didn't mind if we did, so we parked up and followed him to the bar.

There were about six more trucks, a few cars and at least a couple of dozen motorcycles parked up outside. We went in, most of the men looked at me as we went in, looking me up and down, at my stocking tops which were just visible at the bottom of the dress. The truck driver ordered three beers and we sat on the bar stools, my dress riding up higher showing the bare flesh above my stockings. 

There were quite a lot of bikers and other truckers, and about a dozen women, who were obviously with the bikers. The bar was split in to three rooms, a games room, dance area, and the main bar.

Chas bought some more beers, and was talking to the truck driver and some of his mates, I had wandered off to the ladies and then into the games room. I heard the trucker openly telling the other drivers about my flashing, and say that the tart might be up for a fuck later.

I went into the games room and started playing pool with some of the men. As I bent over to try a shot my dress rode up at the back showing the lower part of the cheeks of my ass, and that I did hot have any underwear on. The men were taking it in turns to show me how to hold the cue making sure they had a feel of my ass in the process, and making me jump as they slipped a finger along my cuntlips, or inside my cunt or asshole. I heard one women say to a group of watching men, what a slut the tart was, and she hoped they would fuck her senseless later on, they said she could bet on that. I played on for a while, then went back to the bar for another drink.

Chas and I got into a discussion with some of the truckers and bikers about the merits and thrills of motorcycles and the different models (Chas has one himself). Each of the groups is arguing their point. We had been on at this for about an hour or so, when this biker guy say,s lets arm wrestle for it. "Yea ok" one of the truckers reply. "Winner gets the argument and the first to fuck the tart," he said to the trucker pointing at me. "Deal," he replys without any thought to me. I start to say something, but it is drowned out by the noise as they start the challenge. There's a lot of grunting and swearing untill after a few minutes the biker wins to a round of cheers from his group. One of the men says big Mick is going to shag this tart and it should be a good show, as he isn't called big Mick just for his muscles.

The crowd all make for the games room, and there is quite a lot of shouting going on such as the slags going to get a good fucking now. I walk to the room with them and as soon as I get there I strip off my dress, now I am standing there in just my black stockings, suspenders, and stilettos with my legs apart and my hands on my hips all of me on show to the leering crowd. "Ok, who's the lucky bastard who gets to fuck me first," I say laughing. The guy who they called big Mick walks forward, pulls my head back by my hair and plunges his fingers up my wet smooth shaven cunt making me groan loud. "Looks like I'm that lucky bastard who gets to fuck this cunt before all the rest of the guys make use of it," he sneers. "Fucking big cunt, you got slut, well used I guess, be plenty here for us all." he shouted to me and the cheering crowd.

He soon makes me cum loudly from his fingering and pinching my now large nipples. Everybody is cheering and making comments on how the slag loves it and fuck the slut legless Mick. I'm soon pushed on to my back across a table, with my legs wide apart and Mick giving me a good tonguing to lubricate my cunt before fucking me, then after shoving his huge cock up to the hilt in my stretched cunt. I cry out with every lunge in and the attention he is giving my tits, squeezing and pinching my nipples. All the while he is telling me what a big cunt I have, and how I must be enjoying having his big cock filling it up, and telling me I am one hell of a fucking slut.

The women are urging him on, and shouting to fuck the bitch real good, stretch her cunt wide. One of the bikers produces a video camera and starts to film the whole show, saying that they haven't had a good gangbang for ages, the last women had only managed six, but it looked as this slag could take them all on. The video would be good to show at other meets, and he could make a few quid selling copes to other clubs.

I did not give a fuck that I had been the prize in an arm wrestle between this Mick and one of the truckers, as to who was going to fuck her first, and when he had won I had been stripped naked there and then, and made to tell him infront of everybody to lick my cunt, then to fuck me hard, to ream my cunt out, to fuck this slut legless, then give me to the others to use.

I could feel Mick was about to cum as he rammed his cock in hard and groaning, I was screaming out as I was cumming, and he shot his load deep up my cunt then pulled out and shot another large load of cum over my stomach and tits, he then leaned forward and told me to lick him clean. I took his cock in my mouth and sucked and licked all his shaft and balls until there wasn't a trace of cum left, now lick my ass he said. I spread his ass cheeks wide and licked and slurped all along his crack, pushing my tongue up as far as I could up his ass hole. That wasn't to be the last ass hole man or womans I licked out that night. After he had finished he then stood back and fastened his jeans, I was still lying on the table, legs apart with cum running out of my abused pussy.

Mick said he had finished with me for the time being, so who was next to fuck the tart. There was soon another cock pummelling into my cunt and another in my mouth, I was now getting what I wanted and deserved, being used for what I was, a sex toy for the pleasure of whoever wanted to use her.

After about fourteen or fifteen cocks had either used my mouth or cunt, I said why didn't they turn me over and give my ass a good fucking. One of the women shouted out "come on men give the slut what she wants, a good hard ass fucking", I was soon turned over and bent over the table, and was soon moaning aloud as a cock was pushed up to the hilt, his balls slapping against my ass as he rammed in and out, he was slapping my ass hard as he did so, telling me what a tight ass I had to fuck, and what a slag I was for being used like this. All I managed to say between gasps was that I liked being a slag, a slut, and being used as one, so come on men line up and fuck me, get them cocks in my whores body and use it. All my holes were being used at once, cocks were every were. Two cocks at a time were forced up my cunt or into my ass. I was sucking cock after cock, sometimes two at once. My belley was full of mens cum from the amount I had swallowed. Other men were wanking on me or squeezing my tits and twisting my nipples. I was cumming over and over again, a real cumslut and loving it.

More and more cocks were shoved in my ass until they decided that for the video some more spanking was required. A women came forward and said she wanted to do that, and said to me that she bet i would liked some pain, and with that brought her hand down hard on my ass, I cried out, and shouted yes, do it more. The women slapped again and again making the cheeks of my ass sting and glow red, and then a truck driver took off his belt and said to use that, the women took it. It made a loud crack as it came down across my ass, I was crying out aloud as it came down again and again. They then decided my front needed some attention, so I was turned back over and spread-eagled over the table my arms and legs being held down and apart by four other women. They then took it in turns to use their hands and the belt to spank my tits, thighs, and cunt. I was writhing and moaning, arching my back as the belt or hand came down on my tits and shaven cunt, crying out that I was cumming all the time. "Yes, Yes, thats it you fucking bitches, whip my tits, whip my used cunt, thrash me, make me cum," I was shouting out. The cum leaking from my cunt splashed as the leather stung my naked cunt, I screamed out as it curled around on to my clit, and I strained against the women that were holding me. "I'MMM CUMMMMIIINNNNGGGG, YES, YES, WHIP MY CUNT MORE, YEEEESSSSSSSS," I cried out as I cum. 

A women pulled her jeans down and sat on my face, telling her to lick her pussy good, the crowd of men loved this and shouted to the women to rub her cunt down hard into her face. She ground her cunt down onto my mouth and they could hear me licking and slurping on her pussy, pushing my tongue up inside as far as I could. She then slid her ass down until her ass hole was over my mouth. "Lick my ass hole cunt," she shouted, and she moaned aloud as I licked all along and up into her hole. There was another cheer as a large strap on dildo of at least twelve inches was produced and a girl put it on and started to fuck me with it, then they all took it in turns with it, using my cunt and ass as they wanted. As one fucked my ass or cunt, another girl sat on my face as tto lick their cunt or ass, even the men took turns in having me lick their ass hole out. I watched a girl let a man shag her, then she came over and told me to lick and suck all the cum out, I loved this and was soon sucking hard, draining all the cum from this girls hole, and making her climax by biting and teasing her clit. All the other women were putting on quite a show either fucking me with the dildo or biting and pinching my tits and nipples or sat on my face.

Finally everybody had used either of my three holes once or twice and were shagged out, but again for the video they all wanked over me, and the ones who could not cum again pissed over me, by the end I was covered in a mixture of cum, piss, and beer, rubbing it into my tits, cunt, and face, whilst wanking myself off with a beer bottle for the cheering audience.

Just to finish the evening off, the bikers thought it would be fun to take us for a spin on their bikes through the nearby town. We did this, but for a twist they would not let me dress, so I sat pillion wearing only my now laddered stockings, suspenders, stilettos and dried cum, I didn't half get some looks and cheers from people as we rode through the town with my tits and all on show. When we got back the truck drivers had their photos taken with a Polaroid camera with either they're cocks in my ass, cunt or mouth, to hang in their cabs, and a lot of photos were also hung up in the cafe.

The bikers said they had never had a gangbang anything like this, and would be the talk of the clubs for some time what with the video to show, and they said that they were having a meet with some other clubs later in the year down on the coast, so why didn't we go along with them on Chas's bike. They promised I would have a good time and get a lot of attention, especially with the video being shown there, even more fucking than I got here. We agreed to go and said to get in touch via Email nearer the time.

I had a wash up at an outside tap at the front of the cafe to clean some of the mess of my self, then put my dress back on, we said our goodbyes and went on our way. I was exhausted, but we had a lot of memories of the night, and a lot of other men and women did as well I bet.