 One evening my wife and I went to a party at a neighbor's house. Toward the end of the evening, after many people had already left, only three couples remained. Matt suggested we play a computer game that he had found on the internet. Before turning it on, he warned us that it was definitely an ADULT game—if anyone didn't feel comfortable being nude in front of others, or even engaging in sexual activities, that we shouldn't play. After a few chuckles and grins, we decided to play. 

Matt set up the game by entering the clothing that each of us was wearing and listing the types of activities we would be willing to engage in. Next he entered a few "toys" that he and Kathy had on hand that we could use in the game. Once it was all set up, we began. 

It was set so that Kathy went first. Her piece moved automatically, but she didn't have to do anything. Matt went next. He landed on a space called, "Playpen." A message box came up telling us that Amanda was to remove Matt's socks. No big deal, but everyone was starting to see how this adult monopoly game was going to play out. 

John was the next player to be given an activity. He was to kiss Jessie. I wasn't sure how Jessie would react to this, but she had agreed to play. It was the first time since we started dating that Jessie had kissed anyone else to my knowledge. I was both jealous and excited as John crawled over to wear Jessie was sitting, knelt in front of her, and gave her a short kiss. 

Amanda, John's wife, then took a turn. She was told to caress Matt's neck. Amanda knealt behind Matt and began to rub and massage his neck. Matt stretched a bit like it was a very good massage. After a few more uneventful turns, Matt was told to lie down while Jessie massaged his neck. It sure seemed that Matt was getting the best end of this game, at least early on. 

A bit later, I was told to remove my socks. Shortly after, the first group interaction came up. Kathy was told to lay down while Matt and John gave her a sexy back massage. For the next couple of minutes, Matt and John worked over Kathy's back to her complete satisfaction. 

Soon I was told to remove my own shirt. This wasn't really a big deal to me since I often jog or work in the yard only n a pair of shorts. It did feel a bit strange to take off my shirt inside in front of my friends, knowing where this was leading. 

After several more turns, and a few kisses exchanged, everyone had made it around the gameboard at least once. The computer then allowed us to begin buying properties. 

After several properties were bought up, Matt was told to stand in the middle of the room with his eyes closed. Kathy and Amanda were to caress his body above his waist. The game told them that there hands could wander under his shirt. Matt did as he was told while the ladies explored his chest and back with their fingertips. 

On Matt's next turn, he landed on Kathy's property. He was the first to be asked a question that would become very familiar over the course of the game, "Do you want to pay or play?" Rather than pay a $525 rent, Matt chose to play with his wife. As his "payment," Kathy was to remove Matt's shirt. She unbuttoned two buttons on his polo shirt and pulled it over his head. Now two of us were shirtless. 

After several more turns with minor interactions, Jessie was instructed to remove my pants. It seemed the computer had it in for me. I was the first to lose my shirt, and now my pants. There was some consolation in the fact that I did not have to remove my own, however. Jessie was sure to take the opportunity to cop a feel here and there to make sure I was good and aroused when she exposed my boxers. 

A few more turns passed before Jessie landed on Matt's property. She didn't have the money to pay the rent, so the "Pay or Play," question was easy to answer. The computer told her to turn so only Matt could see, then open her shirt to flash her bra to him. Jessie raised her shirt and Matt obviously enjoyed to view of her 36C's judging from the smile on his face. 

Soon we had our first topless lady. Jessie was ordered to remove Kathy's shirt. I had often fantasized about Kathy. She is about 5'7" and athletically built. She has shoulder length brown hair and a perpetual smile. I thought she was one of the prettiest ladies I knew. Now, my wife was helping her out of her shirt. Kathy's bra was black lace which allowed everyone to see his pink nipples as they became erect. Her breasts were slightly smaller than Jessie's, but they certainly looked nice to me. 

On consecutive turns, Jessie took off her shirt and I removed her bra. Jessie blushed when she was told her bra was to come off, but she did not protest. In fact, she seemed a bit turned on as everyone focused on her chest. 

Once again, the computer had it in for me. I was told to remove my boxers. There I was, surrounded by five of my friends, naked as the day I was born. My semi-erect cock exposed for all to see. Not since I got married had I been naked in front of a woman other than my wife. Now I was naked in front of two of my neighbors who were both seated next to their husbands. 

The game was definitely getting hotter. More clothes came off and more interactions heated us up. Then Jessie landed on John's property. As "rent," Jessie was to kiss John while massaging his cock through his pants. For the next couple of minutes, four of us watched while Jessie French kissed Jessie and gave John's cock a massage through his cotton pants. John was clearly enjoying himself judging from the bulge that was now obvious in his pants. 

The game promised to get hotter still as the computer told us we were now moving to Level 3—the highest level. All of the men were already naked. The women still had their pants on. 

The first turn in level three proved the game was getting hot. Jessie landed on Matt's property. After deciding to play, she was ordered to lay Matt in the middle of the room and give him 3 minutes of the best head he has ever had. Matt lay down and Jessie straddled his legs. She began her three minutes by stretching out her tongue and licking the underside of Matt's cock. Soon she began to swirl her tongue around the head. After a minute or so, Jessie opened her mouth wide and started to deep throat Matt's cock. She managed to get his 8" cock nearly all of the way in her mouth. From the way Matt was breathing, I could tell he was enjoying himself. His hips began to buck up and down in time with Jessie's ministrations. About 20 seconds before the time was up, Matt's hip thrusts became more pronounced. Jessie grabbed his cock and placed her mouth just over the head of his cock. Matt shot load after load of come into Jessie's mouth and she swallowed every drop. Time was up. Jessie came back to sit beside me, took a sip of her drink and kissed me on the check. 

Soon another group activity came up. Amanda got on all fours in the middle of the room. John offered her his 6 inch cock to suck while I approached her from behind. She began to lick and cock John's cock while I began to rub my 7 inch cock against her pussy lips. She was clearly turned on from the game and her lips glistened with moisture. Soon I began to push against her opening. She paused her work on John to let a little squeal escape her lips. Amanda worked into a rocking rythym—pushing back against my cock while pulling John's cock out of her mouth. Then she would rock forward, pulling my cock from her cunt while taking more of John's in her mouth. I reached under her to massage her clit with my fingers. Soon she began to shake and convulse as an orgasm overtook her. John exploded into her mouth as I began to come in he snatch. The scene was almost indescribable. My cum leaked out of her pussy while she licked John's cock clean. Only five feet away sat my wife and two of my friends. It appeared they had enjoyed the show. 

Another group activity came up a few turns later. Everyone was naked now. I laid on my back in the center of the room while Jessie straddled my face facing toward my feet. I reached out with my tongue to lick her cunt which ad become very wet from the evening's activities. While I was doing this, Amanda lubricated my cock and her ass. She then proceeded to place the head of my cock against her asshole and push it in. This was the first time I had experienced anal sex, but it seemed Amanda knew what she was doing. Since she was on top, she also had control of how fast we went. In a few minutes, she had my cock buried in her ass. I marveled at how tight she was as she began to ride my prick. After a couple of minutes, Jessie reached out to massage Amanda's tits. Amanda responded in kind, and soon they were kissing. I was fucking my attractive neighbor's ass and licking my wife's cunt while they kissed—and it was all being watched by three more of my friends. Soon Jessie started to orgasm, her juices flowing down my face. She reached out to touch Amanda's clit while I continued to fuck her ass. Soon Amanda was also cumming. It only took a few more seconds before I joined them in orgasm. 

Apparently, the scene was too hot for Kathy, Matt and John. As Jessie moved off of my face, I could see Kathy laying on her back sucking Matt's cock while John knealt between her lags and licked her pussy. Apparently they had been at it for a while as well, because Matt lost his load into Kathy's mouth as I sat up. John then moved up and placed the head of his cock at the entrance to Kathy's pussy. While we watched, John fucked Matt's wife to orgasm, then blew a load of come into her cunt as well. 

It took a little while for all of us to recover. Nearly exhausted, we all took our time cleaning ourselves and dressing. After saying our goodbyes, everyone departed. We have never gathered for another round, but I am still hopeful.