 The day has arrived for the big gala party, you just got back from getting your hair fixed, finger nails done and you are putting on the final touches of your makeup. This is a big deal lots of people, with lots of money and big dreams. You have been before, but with your boyfriend. The guys and girls that attends this party are always the cream of the crop. Your gown is hanging on the door, you reach for your pantyhose then realize, "SHIT" I forgot to get a new pair. 

As panic sets in you remember you have stockings you once wore with your garter belt and they would work. Relief! As you finish putting on your clothes you are thinking to yourself, why wear panties. This will be the ultimate turn-on knowing you have nothing on under your dress, with all the guys looking at you. You arrive at the party, it is in a large hotel on the top floor. It is especially nice with a deck where you can go outside that overlooks the city. 

You get on the elevator and head to the penthouse. As you make your way through the crowd you don't see anyone you know however you feel eyes staring at you from all over. Your gown is beautiful, it shows off your figure. You know you look HOT!! On the way to the bar you see Harry an old friend on the outside deck talking with some people, as you walk up he introduces you so Sherry, Mike and Larry. You all continue to talk and have a great time. After a while Harry asked if you would like to see his new Porsche. On the way down the elevator you kiss and hug he reaches down to caress you ass. 

As the elevator reaches the grown floor you walk out to look at the car then after a few minutes of small talk and kisses then you head back to the party. Waiting at the elevator there is a crowd waiting to join the party when you hear someone yell Harry! It is his business partner, Harry asked you to go ahead and he would see you in a few minutes. As the elevator door opens the rush begins everyone is on but it's not too crowded. You have one person behind you against the wall, as you were one of the first to get on and several people in front of you. The elevator stops and 5 more people get on making it really crowded. You can feel the persons breath on your neck although you aren't touching, but the you feel his hands brush against your ass, then again. No, this is no brush he has slid both of his hands to your hips and he is gently pulling you back against his growing cock. 

You don't resist knowing he really can't do anything but you are thinking how excited you are getting on a crowded elevator rubbing up against a stranger's dick with no panties on. As doors open again 3 people get off freeing up some space you try to move but feel him hold you even tighter. He you can tell he is well hung and can feel his cock throbbing. The doors open to the Penthouse and the party is now well underway. As you leave the elevator you turn around to see who the stranger was and he is a well-dressed man in his 40's. He gives you a smile then makes his way to the bar for a drink. As you mingle through the party you get another drink and run into Sherry again. 

The conversation starts as girl talk and quickly turns to sex. You both talk about how hot some of the guys at the party are and then you mention your elevator experience. From the look on Sherry's face you can tell it was exciting to her. She had broken up with her boyfriend several weeks earlier and was back on the hunt. The night and drinking continued and you met more and more people. The people were fun, the party was great and you just to the point of feeling slightly drunk. You found it funny that many of the people were really getting drunk, spilling their drinks making funny remarks, and just acting silly. As you watched everyone having a good time Mike bumps into you being very drunk and stops and talks for a while, he is really funny. 

You can't even understand what he is saying but you know it must be important by the serious look on his face. As you look around the room Harry is talking with Sherry on the outside deck you leave Mike and head outside, when you clear the crowd Harry is there by himself. You talk about old times and he says that he really wants to get into Sherry's pants. He said she was getting really drunk and that he had a room down stairs but didn't think she would go. After thinking for a minute you said give your keys I'll take care of that for you. When Sherry came back it was obvious that she was drunk she had spilled part of her drink down the front of her gown and was having a difficult time keeping her balance. Looking over at her you say, "hey I have a room down stairs, let go get you cleaned up." 

As you enter the room she kicks her shoes off and in the process falls onto the bed. "That was a big first step" she say's as she laughs at her humor. You reach over to help her up slip her gown off and to your surprise she has nothing on under it. Her tits are beautiful perfectly shaped not too big just the right size and her pussy is cleanly shaved. You take the gown to the bathroom to dry off the drink spills and hear a noise Sherry has come up behind and before you can do anything has her hand cupped around your tits. Her fingers are gently moving and squeezing them as you turn off the water and lay the gown on the sink. You turn around and kiss deeply, it feels so good. It's not a hard kiss it is a gentle, tongue touching kiss when you feel her unzipping you gown. 

As she moves slightly back your gown falls off your cute little body and both of you are standing there, you with only your shoes and garter belt on. You move forward to feel your soft velvety skin touching hers, as you step out of your shoes and as you both reach to cup each other's ass. You slowly move back toward the bed and as you approach it she stumbles and she lands in the floor between your legs as you have fallen onto the bed on your back. You feel her hair as it tickles your thigh then you feel her warm breath against your pussy. Her tongue reaches out, parting your lips and entering your hole then she licks up to your clit and back down again. 

You don't move, you are enjoying having Sherry eating you out. Without notice you feel Sherry push 3 fingers up your pussy, as she sucks and licks gently on your clit. You can feel her fingers rotating in all directions up you hole, and the feeling of being eaten it too great. You cum within minutes as she continues to lick and finger you. You ask her to stop for a minute, as she does, she crawls up on the bed and lays beside you. Her ass is sticking up and you run your fingers down the crack of her ass to her very wet pussy. As you finger her as she raises her ass higher off the bed to give you easier access to her pussy. Remembering what she had done to you, you raised off the bed and push 3 fingers right up her pussy. She begins to hunch as your fingers slide in and out of her pussy. 

Then she begins to roll onto her back. This is the first time you have seen her pussy really up close, it is small shaved and very wet. You can't help but to ram your fingers back up her pussy as she meet each stroke with you. She moves under you and you are on top of her. She reaches around your legs and slides 2 fingers back into your pussy. Without warning you feel her tongue licking your clit, you reach down and let your tongue gently brush over her clit. This is a great sensation being eaten and eating a pussy at the same time. You can smell the slight fragrance of her perfume between her legs as you begin to run your tongue between her lips touching your thrusting fingers then back up to her clit where you lightly begin to suck. You can feel her stomach muscle begin to tense and then she explodes. 

You gently lick and suck her clit barely moving to prolong her on-going climax. It is a truly "once a year" climax, in all the excitement of her climax you comes without warning as she pushes her fingers hard up your pussy and then just holds the there as you rotate them to your favorite spot. As your climax passes you begin to slowly and lightly lick on her clit again, she jerks from the touch of your tongue and her sensitive clit. You open your mouth and place it around her clit as you slowly begin to move your fingers again. Her fingers are also moving in and out your pussy again as you await the touch of her tongue on your clit. 

Then you feel another pairs of hands sliding up the inside of your thighs as the reach your pussy Sherry slides her fingers out of your pussy and they are quickly replaced by two other but much longer fingers. You can hear Sherry sucking on his cock as he finger fucks you. He then pulls his fingers and replaces them with his 8" cock. It slides into you with easily then he starts to increase the pace. You can feel your ass slapping against his legs as he holds your hips to give him better leverage. It feels great, and then the ultimate Sherry begins licking and sucking on your clit. As they relax you feel the second guy increasing his pace, holding your hips tighter as he pushes it all into you and then you feel him squirting his hot cum up your pussy. 

As you roll off of Sherry you look up and see Harry up Sherry's pussy and the stranger from the elevator standing behind you. Everyone now is just relaxing, Sherry is still beyond drunk and Harry and the stranger, his name is Jim just lay there talking. The hotel room has two double beds and as everyone is relaxing Sherry has fallen asleep. You mention that you would like another drink so Jim slips his clothes on as you and Harry move over to the other bed. Jim returns and knocks on the door holding the three drinks holding the three drinks in his hands. 

Harry opens the door, as Jim enters the room he whispers into Harry's ear and the three of you sit on the bed sipping your drinks the conversation quickly turns to sex and you can feel the fire in your stomach begin to glow again. You think to yourself that you have never taken two guys at the same time. Maybe they will just take turns a blowjob while you are getting fucked by the other. But as you continue to drink that concern quickly turns to excitement of having both cocks in you at once. Jim finished his drink first and laid his head in your lap. You can feel his hot breath against your stomach. It is just like blowing on a fire, it is really heating you up. Harry finishes his drink and asked if everyone wants another round Jim says sure, Harry asks you and you say "why not." 

Harry calls room service places the order the slide up behind you and starts kissing you on the neck and rubbing your tits while Jim rotates his head downward and start licking your pussy. You are enjoying being touched by two guys at the same time and know that they are going to please you. You can feel Harry's dick growing to a full hard-on as it pushes against your back and Jim has moved around and slid off the bed so he can put his tongue up your pussy. Harry slides to the side and lets you lay down and then he begins kissing you and sucking your tits. In his position you reach between his legs and start playing with his hard cock. What a cock, it is longer that normal and fatter than most and feels so hot in your hand as you stroke it and play with his balls. Jim is has now gotten you to a boiling point with his tongue and is now fingering you with 2 maybe 3 fingers. You feel your juices running out of your pussy across your little asshole and down the crack of your ass making a puddle in the sheets. 

His tongue is going wild on your pussy licking your clit to your hole where his fingers are fucking you faster and faster. You feel the urge cumming on and know that at this pace your are going to cum very soon. You are a little numb from the drinks but that seem to prolong your climax and then when you get there makes it seem more intense and go on forever. You can feel Harry slightly nibbling on your nipples sending cum impulses right to your pussy and then Jim start sucking on your clit. OK that's it CUM CITY!! It was more that intense. It hit you all at once, you knew you were going to cum but with two guys playing and touching you all over it distracted you enough that the climax "was just there" and WOW was it intense and long. 

After a couple of minutes Harry rolls onto his back and tells you to get on and fuck him. That sounds good to you so you roll over and straddle Harry rubbing your pussy on him until his cock finds your "honey hole." As you sit back pushing it all the way in, there is a knock at the door. It is room service with the drinks. Jim says he will get and just throw the cover over you so nobody can see. So you lay on Harry's chest pull the covers over you and lay mostly still except for the slight rotation of your hips. You hear Jim and the Bellboy talking, setting the drinks down the door closing. You throw the covers back raise up and begin Fucking Harry again. 

Harry pulls you toward him so he can suck your tits while you fuck him. You hear Jim sipping on his drink and hear him set it on the table. Then you feel his cool hand touching your ass and rubbing the inside of your thighs up pass your ass and down your back. As he moves his hands you feel the presents of a cock as it touches your cheek. You turn your head and begin sucking. Jim is fucking your face while Harry fucks your pussy and sucks your tits. WOW what a feeling! Two guys at once! You are thinking this is great. As you move you can feel Harry's cock sliding almost to the outside of your pussyhole then you let it slide all the way back in. While you are giving Jim the best blow job in town. As you fuck your little clit is rubbing against Harry's stomach and with the intensity of what you are doing, you know this one is going to be bigger that before. 

You hear Sherry moan in the next bed but know that she is too drunk to do anything. Besides you are sandwiched between two guys and you know you are going to get the licking and fucking of your life. As Jim slides his cock in and out of your mouth you can feel it getting much harder and know he is not too far from cumming in your mouth. He slides out of your mouth wanting to hold on to the feeling as long as he can and he moves back around to your ass. You can feel him put one hand on each cheek of your ass and slightly spread your ass apart. Then you feel his hot breath on your little asshole. The you can feel his tongue circling around your little hole then running up the crack of your ass then back down to your asshole.

With Harry up your pussy and Jim licking your asshole, what more could a girl want. Then you feel him starting to push his tongue up your ass and then the sensation of being tongue fucked up your ass while you are being fuck for real in your pussy. By now your ass has relaxed and Jims tongue is easily slipping in and you are thinking this is a great feeling Jim moves his head back and you feel him insert one then two fingers up your ass. They slide in with no problem, and he starts moving them around inside you and fucking you with them at the same time. Your stomach quickly tenses you can feel Jim's fingers touching places that have never been touched and Harry's dick still pounding your hot little pussy as the rush overtakes your as your body begins to cum all over. It begins in you pussy or maybe your ass, then it goes to which ever didn't cum and then it is like your lower body goes into a total and complete orgasm. You lay on Harry's chest for a minute and realize you are building up for another climax when you feel Jim fingers rotating wildly up your ass hole. 

It happens in seconds, there is not even time to react, it is just there! All over again but this time you are sure it was from your deep within your ass. You continue to lay on Harry's chest and feel Jim slowly slide his fingers out of your ass. You can hear him take another drink, a couple of seconds go by and you feel him playing with your ass again. This time it is different he is not rotating his fingers he is just sliding his fingers in and out. You are thinking that it really felt great when he rotated his fingers while they were up your ass and was almost ready to ask him to do that but as you turned you head it was met by a cock waiting to be sucked. How did Jim? Which one is Jim you reach out and take his cock in your mouth this one is Jim for sure. You remember because it is so fat, shorter that Harry's but much fatter. But who is fingering my ass? 

About that time you feel him slide his fingers and the feel them replaced with the head of a cock. He starts pushing it up your asshole as Harry now holds still you arch your back trying to accept another cock in your little body and sucking on Jim. You feel the head slowly pass the outside of your opening and can feel it stretching, then like magic he is up your ass. Harry starts moving and you begin sucking on Jim again. You are now really getting into this and start hunching which makes both of the cocks slide in and out both of your holes. You can feel Harry starting to tense and then you can feel his hot cum squirting up your pussy at the strange continues to pound his cock up your ass. With the moans of Harry cuming and the sounds of the stranger slapping against your bare skin with each stroke you can feel Jim's dick get really then the pulsing and then his cum begins to fill your mouth. With each stroke he is squirting more that your can swallow and some leaks out the side of your mouth but the flood soon becomes a trickle then it stops. However the stranger is getting close to his time also but now your can feel Harry's cock begin to grow again up your pussy to another full hard-on just about the time the stranger pushes his cock up your ass to the hilt and you can feel his cum filling your ass. After a minute or so you can feel the strangers cock getting smaller then he pulls it out.

You hear shuffling in the room the door opens then closes as Jim replaces him as your ass. As Harry continues to slowly stroke you with all your holes full of new cum you know the night is not over yet. You can feel Jim positioning his cock against your asshole. It hasn't regained a total erection yet but it is still much fatter than the stranger. As he holds his cock in his hand and begins to force the head up your ass hole you can really feel your asshole being stretched. As he tries to get his semi-hard cock up your asshole you can tell it is getting harder each try. On the next attempt you push back accepting it into your hole. This time there is some pain but it is quickly overcome by the size of his cock up your ass. It feels enormous as it continues to grow. But the sensation is not bad it is GREAT and you know that these two guys are going to full you up. 

As the pace increases Jim is staying still as you rotate your hips causing both cocks to touch each other inside of you but also hitting those special places. Yes Those. You can feel yourself beginning to build but you can tell the guys are getting close also you continue to hunch and rotate when you feel Jim grab your hips and pull you back against him as he explodes Harry pushes up really hard and your time has cum also as almost automatic with the guys but this time for you is the best your have ever had EVER! It is mind blowing it is so intense that you feel like you are going to pee, and maybe you did a little as you rammed backed to take these cocks up you once more. After a few minutes Jim slowly eased his cock out of your ass, Harry was now semi-hard at best. Harry was on you right Jim was on your left and you pulled the covers up to rest for a while.