 The funny thing about this whole situation was that I had joked about it with my roommates and my girlfriend before it happened. We had all had a good laugh about it, the situation being so absurd and all. I suppose I should give you some background on us before I get into the story.

I live in a small three bedroom in law apartment in San Francisco with two of my closest friends, Patrick and Jay. For those of you who don't know, an "in law" apartment is essentially an apartment that's attached to a larger house where people used to let their parents stay in the old days when people took care of their folks (hence "in law"). In this case, we live on the bottom floor of the house off the garage, which is a three story building in the Mission district. Like most old houses in SF, the walls are thin and the living spaces are tight. Regardless, we thank our lucky stars daily that we were able to find this place for the price we're paying. We rent the apartment from a young Chinese couple who live upstairs and run a small clothing business out of the garage. They live with their aunt and uncle as well as their grandmother, and everyone pretty much pitches in with the business and they're all very pleasant. Generally, we kind of stay out of each other's way and everyone is happy.

Jay, Pat and I all met in college and became fast friends. Mainly, we started hanging out because we're all big video game buffs and Jay had all the systems back then, but we stayed friends because we're all into the same basic guy things. You know, sports, booze and girls, but we're all a bit more intellectual than your standard frat-type boy. Kind of like dorky jocks, if that makes any sense. Still, we all hold our own with girls. Pat is tall, thin and good looking and is always seeing 2-3 different girls, Jay is kind of chubby and doesn't have a lot of luck with women historically, but he's currently got a really nice long-term girlfriend with an unbelievable rack (which is all that really matters to him), and I'm the kind of guy that isn't super hot or anything but I just always seem to have someone to have steady sex with. 

My current girlfriend Gina is very special to me. An auburn haired spitfire, she is sharp as a tack and a tiger in the sack. I met her in a bar when we were both in a rebound period and we clicked immediately. I love her to death, but I'm 99% sure she and I won't be a long-term thing as she's said she'll never have kids and I'd like to settle down eventually. Regardless of that, and maybe because of it, our sexual chemistry is amazing. Her former boyfriends were all pretty prudish, so I've been lucky enough to cash in on a lot of her willingness to experiment. When I had first met her, she had never done anything other than your straight missionary, one-on-one type sex. Three months later and two weeks before this incident, I took her to a swingers club, and watched as she let some strange guy fuck her in her gorgeously round ass while that guys girlfriend ate her shaved pussy. I just sat back watching, and when that guy pulled out and came all over her ass, I picked up where he left off and returned the favor to his girl. It was one of the best sexual experiences of my life, up to this day that I'm going to tell you about. 

Anyway, this one day Jay is at work and Pat's out playing tennis with this girl he's trying to score with, and Gina and I are doing what we normally do when no one's at home. In fact, this was our second go around that day, as we had followed up a half hour long session with a bit of a nap. I arose from my slumber to find her sandwiching my dick between her 34D's while she licked the tip with her tongue. Not one to resist an invitation like that, I soon had her doubled over underneath me while I drilled her with the full length of my 7 inch long and 5 inch around shaft. She screamed at the top of her lungs every time I struck her cervix with my penis. I knew, at this rate she would be coming very soon, and very loudly. Sure enough, I felt her pussy clamp down on my rod as she came. Did I mention she was a screamer? Yeah, she is. She just about brought the house down every time I made her come. Sometimes it bothered me, but this wasn't one of those times. I continued jack-hammering away at her and she could tell I was close, so she pulled a trick that she knew would get me off every time. 

"I can't wait to lick your cum off my tits," she said as she cupped them both and flicked her tongue on her nipple. "Can you get a little on my face too?"

Dunno what it is, but nothing pushes my buttons like a girl asking me to cum on her. Maybe I watch too much porn or something, but regardless, it's something that I just can't turn down. I pulled out and stood over her and started shooting my load all over her breasts, and just as she asked, I shot a rope or two on her left cheek. She purred as she did so and cooed all sorts of nasty things at me as she played with the spunk on her huge tits. After finishing my orgasm, I surveyed the scene, then jumped off my bed to fetch my digital camera. I snapped some good shots of the action as she cleaned herself off with her tongue. When she finished, she smiled. I was pretty wiped by this point, though the whole scene had served to give me half a hard on again. It was already shaping up to be a good day, so I walked to the kitchen to get a beer. When I got back, Gina was getting dressed. 

"Leaving so soon?" I asked. "You know, the LEAST you could do is cuddle with me for a bit. I feel so used," I joked.

"I've got some stuff to do for work, then I'm going to meet my girlfriends for something to eat."

"Well, I just GAVE you something to eat." I quipped. 

She licked her lips. "Mmmm, tasty, but not really filling." She winked, slipped on her shoes and stood up, gave me a quick kiss, then went to the bathroom to freshen up her make-up. I was mildly annoyed because I had asked her to go catch a flick with me tonight about a week ago, but it I was in an "alone time" kind of mood, so it wasn't a big thing. By the time she was done, I had finished my beer and fallen back into catnap mode, so she slipped out the door quietly. 

When I got up, it was around mid afternoon. This being a Saturday, I knew that meant I had a good 3 or 4 hours before anyone got home, so I fired up the computer and started to download the action shots of Gina from my computer, admiring my work as I did so. She had a flair for the camera, and if she wasn't working at a mid-level law firm, she'd probably be in porn. "Porn". The thought struck me and I realized that the halfie that I had gotten earlier from watching her play with my cum had evolved, through my little catnap and my mind re-experiencing things through digital photography, into a full raging erection. A little pornography would hit the spot.

I went to my closet to peruse my small collection. I preferred to rent, but there are times when it's got to be now, and this was one of those times. I had about 4 or 5 compilation tapes, so I perused them. I picked the one with the string of group sex scenes. It was either that or the cumshot themed one, but after performing one in real life it takes a bit of the excitement out of them when you see them on video.

So anyway, I pop it in and sit back and start jerking off to the tape. Onscreen a scene starring one of my favorite pornstarlets and 3 different guys was starting up. She had taken off her clothes and was on her knees sucking all three guys off, and well, I was already turned on enough that I was pretty close to getting off. Just as I neared the point of no return, I heard a knock at the door. Now, our door is inside a garage and is not accessible to the public, so a knock means either one of my roommates forgot their key or my landlord wants something from me. Either way, coming to the door with my dick out would cause a scene, so I zipped up and tried with not much success to conceal my member, then hit "pause" just as the girl on the screen started to get DP'd. I walked out my room and down the hall to the door. 

I opened it, expecting to see my landlord Tony, but instead I got his wife Kim, which was at the very least a pleasant surprise. She's the same age as I am and is just really hot in a very friendly and non-intimidating way. She's shortish, with a very pretty face and spectacularly large breasts for an Asian woman. I've always had a bit of a crush on her, so it wasn't helping my erection any. I must've looked positively obscene walking to the door like that. Thank goodness I was wearing a loose T-Shirt that would cover things a bit. 

"Hi Shawn. How are you?" she asked, nervously. 

"Fine, Kim. What can I do for you?" I was pretty confused. The only time I ever talked to Kim was when we accidentally bumped into each other coming or going. In the two years I had been there, she had NEVER knocked on the door.

"Umm, nothing, really…" she said, hesitating. "Is… Is anyone else here? I want to talk to you about something."

"No, everyone else is out. They should be back later, though if you wanted to come then." I was getting kind of irritated as my hard-on was not going away and I wanted desperately for some release. 

"Oh, good. Actually, I just wanted to talk to you." With that, she pushed past me like she owned the place. Well, technically she did, but that's not the point. "Can we speak in your room?" I was really taken aback by her matter-of-factness. 

"Sure" I said, then panicked remembering the video I left paused on the TV. "No, wait! It's uh… actually kind of messy. Can we talk in the kitchen?"

She hesitated a minute, then said "No, I'd really rather talk in here." and pushed open the door. I rushed after her, erection and all, to try and divert her attention away from the TV before she went in, but by the time I got there, it was too late. She stood about 5 feet inside my room with her mouth agape, eyes wide to the screen. On it, paused in a perfect pose, showed the starlet, impaled by cocks in both her pussy and ass screaming in pleasure. A third dick was being rubbed across her collagen-inflated lips. I leapt past her and hit the "power" button on the TV, which flashed to black. I had my back to her and tried to compose myself (and restrain my goddamn erection, which STILL hadn't gone away) before I turned around sheepishly.

I expected anger or embarrassment or astonishment at least. I got a smile. A broadening, somewhat mischievous, and at least a little wicked smile, but a smile nonetheless. It was kind of disconcerting, really, and I wasn't sure whether to be aroused, amused or afraid. I settled on afraid, but I tried to feign amused. However, my penis wasn't having any of that and remained steadfastly aroused, despite any urgings to the contrary. "Uh… Sorry about that." I stammered, trying to shift my weight to conceal my somehow growing boner. She laughed a laugh that had the same characteristics of the smile she was wearing a moment ago, and sat down on the chair facing the TV. I tried to re-take control of the situation. "You wanted to talk to me about something?"

She shifted her weight and turned away from me. "Do you watch a lot of porn?" she asked.

"Um, not… really," I lied. "Is that what you wanted to talk to me about? Was it too loud? If so, I can turn it down." I was grasping for something, and she wasn't giving me any hints.

"Well, THAT wasn't too loud, but I did want to talk to you about something like that." she said. She paused a second, then continued. "I've noticed that you're often… loud. Or actually not you, but, well, you know."

"I'm sorry, I'm not following." 

She grinned again. For a girl who I had never been intimidated by before, she was really being very intimidating. I'm sure she knew this. She spoke, "I mean you and your girlfriend are loud." 

"Oh… OH! Right." I said. You would think that all this embarrassment would cause my member to soften a little, but it just got harder when I thought about why my girlfriend was being loud earlier. "Yeah, I'm sorry about that. It just kind of happens. I've tried to tell her to keep it down. It'll never happen again, I promise."

"Oh, yes," she smiled, "well, that's not really it. See, I don't mind that she's loud. I kind of like it. I like it because It kind of turns me on. See, Tony and I don't do… THAT… often. And when we do, it's obviously not as good as when you do it. I was wondering if you could do me a favor."

I was pretty stunned at this point. I had never said more than two sentences to this woman at any one time in my life, and here she is telling me about her sex life. "Ooookay. Are you asking me for sex advice?"

"Not exactly." She smiled that same smile.

My dick… rock… fucking… hard.

I tried to maintain some composure. It was clear she wanted me to SHOW her what I was doing that made Gina scream so much, and it didn't seem like she wanted me to show her on anyone but herself. "What about your husband?" I asked.

"Tony is gone for two weeks," she giggled. "So is the rest of my family. I stayed home because I said I was sick. I stayed home because I wanted to listen to you… do it. I wanted to ask you to do it to me."

Well, there it was. She was asking me to fuck her. My landlord's wife was asking me to nail her. It was certainly intriguing. "Why me?" I asked. "Why not Pat? I mean, he's a casanova and he doesn't have a girlfriend."

"Well, I thought about that, but I didn't know how to approach him and I was hoping you could ask him and Jay after you helped me. See, I knew you had a girlfriend, and I knew you were a great lover and had a big, um, dick because I talked to your girlfriend about it. I asked her if this would be OK, and she said it would be. She said you wanted me too"

My head was spinning. She had cleared this with Gina. That's why she left for the evening. Wow. I made a mental note to tell Gina that I loved her. On top of that, she didn't just want to do me, she wanted to do my friends as well. I sat there, trying to put it all together and trying not to die out of sheer excitement.

"I know I'm asking you for a lot, but I'd really appreciate your help. I know this is awkward and you must be at least a little scared that Tony will find out and kick you out." As she talked, she slipped out of her sweater and pants to reveal a white bra, panty and garter belt set that I would bet $100 that Gina suggested. She knew I was a sucker for stuff that looked trashy. "So that's why I'm going to make you an offer. I will do whatever you and your roommates want me to do over the next two weeks, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You can use me for your own personal slave. Just give me the pleasure you give your girlfriend while you're doing it. If you do that, I will do everything you want me to do without hesitation. I see that you already have a big hard on. If you'd like I can suck your dick and you can cum all over my face."

Bingo. I think I nodded, but she might have just taken silence as implied consent as she knelt down in front of me and un-zipped my shorts. I took one look at this beautiful woman, her perfect hourglass shape… her raven colored hair… her big brown eyes and cute little smile… I knew that this would be one of the shortest blowjobs of my life. She unleashed my cock and gasped a bit at its size, then slipped it in her mouth and looked up at me still in stunned ecstasy. She hummed a bit as she bobbed her mouth up and down on it, and that was pretty much all it took.

My balls jerked and I grunted. She pulled my dick from her mouth and jacked it furiously a few inches from her face. In the instant before I blew my load, I made another mental note not just to tell Gina I loved her, but to buy her something really, really nice. White hot cum spurted from my cock, landing on her forehead, chin, then her open mouth. She took my dick inside her mouth again and sucked whatever remaining nut I had, humming and squealing the entire time. I nearly collapsed from the pleasure. 

She took my cock out of her mouth. "What do you want me to do now?" she asked. 

"Take your panties off, and lay down on the bed." She complied. "I'm going to eat your pussy, and while you do, I want you to slowly clean my cum off your face and eat it." I was really getting into this. She spread her legs, and I looked at her pussy, freshly shaved. She'd obviously gotten explicit instructions from my girlfriend and followed them to the letter. I licked up and down her inner thigh. I looked up and saw her dripping a glob of my nut from her finger into her open mouth. I smiled and started eating her out. I don't really have a specific technique, as I've found that what works for one girl won't for another, and you just have to experiment until you get it right. I didn't have to experiment very much with her because as soon as I brushed her clit, she screamed and tightened up. Ah, there it was. I made her wait, tantalizing her and making sure she had finished cleaning her face before I dove at her clit with gusto, nibbling it. She responded by thrashing about and yelling something in Chinese. I thought that was good, so I went after it some more. She was clearly cumming pretty hard as her pussy was practically pouring with juices. I reached in and fingered her G-Spot and she went absolutely ballistic, and I had to stop before too long or I thought she would give herself a heart attack.

I'm blessed with many things, and one of them is a strong libido. I can pretty much go again not long after I have just cum, and this scene was definitely turning me on. I slid up and impaled her on my rejuvenated cock, then started working into her tight, tight pussy. It was clear that she hadn't had someone as big as me in a while.

"Take off your bra and let me see your tits," I said. She did, though she had difficulty because she was enjoying her pounding. She had absolutely perfect breasts with small, hard, brown nipples. I bent down and sucked on one. She screamed in the throws of another orgasm. I flipped her over and told her to get on her hands and knees. I told her to start talking like the whore she was (I was really getting into this whole power thing) and she did, begging me to stick my "huge hard cock in her tiny, slutty pussy" and other gems. 

Just as I slid my dick back into her cunt and started to play with her perfectly round and tight ass, I spotted Pat in the hallway and he gave me a thumbs-up. He had obviously been there for a little bit, as he was playing with himself under his shorts. I was a little embarrassed, but then had a good idea. I waved him in. He laughed and came into the room quietly. Kim had her back to the door as I was doing her doggy style. I told her to close her eyes and not move, then I slipped out of her, I walked over to the other side of the bed and motioned for him to fuck her. It was a little strange seeing one of my best friends naked, but this day was turning out to be a little strange, so it didn't bother me. 

I went around to the front of her and told her to start sucking my dick. At the same moment my dick passed her lips, Pat's cock entered her cunt. She gagged, and almost spit me out she yelled so much, but I didn't tell her she could take my dick out of it, so she didn't. 

"Holy shit," said Pat between strokes. "I can't believe I'm fucking my landlord… I suppose I shouldn't ask what the hell is going on until I am done, right?"

We all laughed. Or actually, she kind of tried to laugh in between grunts and my dick in her mouth. I used a line I had always wanted to use: "Let me explain. No, it is too long. Let me sum up: We've got this girl for the next two weeks, and she'll do whatever we want, no matter what, isn't that right?" I asked her and took my dick out of her mouth.

"Ungh… yes… that's… it… just… don't… stop… fucking… me…" She grunted.

"I already came on her face and she loved it." I bragged. I think that imagery was too much for Pat as he quickened up and started to grunt harder. I figured he was about to cum.
