 I'm a married man, and for the first 12 years of that marriage, my wife and I had what you might call a pretty unremarkable sex life. I don't mean to denigrate it. We had sex reasonably often and we both enjoyed it, but we never really did anything surprising or noteworthy, anything that would be worth writing a story about. We were just a typical suburban couple with two kids and a dog and your usual set of problems. But all that changed last summer. 

We decided to rent a house in the Berkshires (in Western Massachusetts) with another couple and their kids. Eric had been my best friend ever since freshman year of college at Syracuse. His wife, Serena, is wonderful and always got along beautifully with my wife, Amanda. Like us, they have two kids, ages seven and four at the time, and even though we only see them once or twice a year at most (because we live in different states) the kids always love getting together. So we decided to rent a house in the Berkshires, which was roughly halfway between us, and spend an extended weekend together. 

The house was beautiful and perfect for the eight of us. The interior had the feel of a log cabin with a large, high-ceilinged main room with exposed log beams. The main room contained a large kitchen, dining area, and family room area with a big fireplace. Just off the main room, on the first floor, were a pair of adjoining bedrooms, each with king beds. Amanda and I took one of them and Eric and Serena took the other. On the edge of the main room, a staircase led up to a loft area that had another large bedroom with two bunk beds. All four of the kids slept there, and loved sharing a room. 

The house itself was situated on a large secluded property adjoining a small private lake. There was a hot tub in the back and beautiful fire pit area just on the edge of the lake. A small wooden dock stretched into the lake, perfect for running and jumping into the lake but not much else. Trails led in several different directions into the surrounding forest. 

We all arrived around the same time on Thursday, just after 2:00 in the afternoon. Our kids had slept the entire drive and were eager to do something, but their kids hadn't slept at all and were badly in need of a nap. So after we all greeted each other and unpacked a bit, we decided we'd take our kids on a bike ride while Eric and Serena's kids took a nap. We brought our bikes with us, including a little trailer that our littlest one, Sam, could be towed around in. So we set off down the road to explore the surrounding area. I had Sam in tow. 

After about 10 minutes, my hamstring started to ache. I'd strained it a few weeks earlier and apparently it hadn't fully healed. I told Amanda and she suggested we trade bikes and that I head back to the house. She'd take Sam and keep riding for a while longer with Emily (our 7 year old). I agreed and started back in the direction we came. I got back about 15 minutes later and rode my bike around to the lake side of the house to park it. The back side of the house, which faced the private lake, was virtually all glass, with floor to ceiling windows that led out to a large deck area. As I walked onto the deck and up to the back door, I froze in my tracks. Through the window, I could see Serena bobbing up and down on the couch. She was topless. It took me a few moments to process what I was seeing. There was a large sectional sofa just inside the windows, facing toward the inside of the house. I could see that Erik was sitting on the couch, too, though I could only see the very back of his head. Serena was straddling him, facing toward me. She was naked, and they were clearly having sex, right there on the couch. I was so caught off guard that it took me a while to realize that, if I could see Serena's face, she could certainly see me, at least if she happened to look in my direction. Slowly, I backed up, not wanting to attract any attention to myself. I was only about twenty feet away from them. I managed to retreat behind a large tree. As soon as I was safely out of sight, I peered my head around the tree and continued to watch them. 

Serena looked stunning. She was a uniquely beautiful woman, half Brazilian and half Japanese; her father was a Japanese businessman who had worked in Brazil and met her mother before coming to the states. It was a combination of ethnicities I'd never encountered in anyone other than her. Like most Asian women, she was short, had a dark complexion and long, straight black hair, but her face looked more Brazilian than Japanese. She had a strikingly pretty face, with sharp features and piercing eyes, and she had a wonderfully curvy body, large hips and breasts, which she liked to show off with yoga pants and tight fitting tank tops. 

I'd never seen her naked until then, but I'd imagined it many times and was savoring every second of it. Her breasts were spectacular, full and springy. Her pace had increased and she was really bouncing up and down, her arms locked around Eric's neck as he buried his face in her breasts. Judging from her facial expressions, she was really close to climaxing. Sure enough, a few moments later she bit her lip and seemed to stifle a scream. Then she slowly came to a stop. She was smiling and seemed to be panting hard, trying to catch her breath. Eventually they both got up and walked toward the bedrooms. The sight of Serena, completely naked, her hips swaying as she walked away, was intensely arousing. I realized that I had a massive erection. 

And just then my daughter Emily rolled around the side of the house on her bike. "Hi daddy," she belted out, "why are you hiding behind that tree?"

Thankfully, Eric and Serena had retired to their bedroom and closed the door. Adjusting my pants, I stepped out from behind the tree and smiled. "I was just waiting to surprise you, kiddo, but I guess I didn't hide good enough." 

At that moment, Amanda came around the side of the house, carrying Sam. and gave me a weird look. "What are you doing out here, Jake? How's your leg?"

I gave her the I'll tell you later look and just said "the leg's better, thanks." I wasn't sure whether I should tell her about what I just witnessed, but I knew I eventually would tell her, likely as soon as we had a moment to ourselves. I was never good at keeping secrets and Amanda could read me like no one else. She'd know that there was something on my mind, so there was no point trying to keep it from her. 

Amanda was an impressive woman in every way. She was an amazing mom, a successful lawyer, and at age 35, still incredibly youthful and radiant. She was about 5'7'' - a good five inches taller than Serena - with an olive complexion and long curly brown hair. She was not nearly as curvy as Serena, but she was slender and athletic and very beautiful, just in a more conventional sort of way. And at that moment, as she stepped onto the deck, sweat glistening on her skin, she looked incredibly hot. I was fired up and anxious to get her alone as soon as possible.

As is often the case on a family vacation, however, we didn't have any alone time until much later that night. The kids played, we barbecued, and then we all took turns in the hot tub while others sat around the fire pit. At one point, I found myself in the hot tub with just Serena and the two littlest kids (our son, Sam, and their daughter, Haley). Serena was wearing a standard two piece, nothing particularly racy, but having seen her naked and in the throes of an orgasm just a few hours earlier, I couldn't help but mentally undress her, over and over again. Before long I had another rock hard erection. Luckily the bubbles from the jets obscured her view. I think she sensed that I was acting unusual, though, because she kept glancing at me with a quizzical look. Was it possible she was wondering if I'd seen them fucking earlier? The more I thought about it, the more certain I was that they wanted to be seen, or at least that the potential of being seen was part of the thrill for them. Why else would they have sex in the main room, right in front of the windows, when they had their own bedroom? Were our friends closet exhibitionists? How had I never known this? I was dying to talk about all this with Amanda. 

Several hours later, after we'd put the kids to bed and watched most of a movie with Eric and Serena, we each retired to our respective rooms. The bedroom set up was interesting. Each of our bedrooms was large and they were connected by a shared jack-and-jill type bathroom with doors opening into each of the bedrooms. The shared bathroom was huge, with a large shower stall, a jacuzzi tub, two sinks, and two separate toilets, each in their own little separate doored-off enclaves for privacy. Despite the size, the four of us tripped over each other a bit as we got ready for bed, clearly not used to sharing a bathroom. Amanda wore her normal sleep clothes, a pair of short pajama shorts and a cotton tank top. But when Serena came into the room to brush her teeth, she was in a black satin nightie that was as short as one could possibly be without revealing her ass and pussy. Literally every inch of her legs were visible, as was a fair amount of cleavage. I couldn't help but stare, at least for a moment, and I could tell Amanda was similarly surprised to see her so scantily clad. 

The second we were alone in our bedroom, Amanda commented, as I knew she would. "So apparently I didn't get the memo that we were supposed to model our lingerie to each other. Maybe tomorrow I can wear that see-through thing you bought me and show everyone my vagina." My wife is the most sarcastic person I know, so this was par for the course. I laughed and then decided it was finally time to share what I saw earlier.

"You don't know the half of it. When I came back earlier, from the bike ride, I walked around the back. You know what I saw?"

"What?" I could tell I'd peaked her curiosity. I had her full attention.

"Let's just say Serena and Eric were enjoying their alone time."

"What?! They were screwing? Where?"

"In the main room, on the couch."

"Are you serious?! Did they see you?"

"I don't think so."

"Were they naked?" 

"Oh yeah. I could only see the back of Eric's head, but Serena was bobbing up and down on his lap." 

"So you saw her tits?!"

"Um...yeah. It would have been hard not to."

"Yeah, I'm sure it was a terrible experience for you. So that's why you were hiding behind that tree, you peeping tom." 

I just shrugged. 

"Do you think they wanted us to catch them?" 

"I've been thinking about that all night. I think they must have. Or at least they got some kind of thrill out of the possibility that we might come back and catch them. Why else would they do it there, in front of the windows?"

"So they're a couple of exhibitionists? Wow. How did we not know that?"

"I was thinking about that. I've known Eric forever, since well before he ever met her. I don't think it's him. I think it's her. She was the one facing the window, putting on the show. She seemed to be..."

I didn't finish my thought because at that moment I heard something. Amanda clearly heard it too because she looked in the same direction, toward the other bedroom. It had sounded like a moan. We heard it again. It was unmistakable. The sound of sex. 

Amanda was the first to get up. She didn't say anything. She just stood and walked toward the bathroom that connected our rooms. The door to our room was already slightly ajar. I watched as she opened it quietly and slipped into the bathroom. The sounds continued, a creaking of the bed punctuated by an occasional moan. After a minute or so, I too got up off the bed and walked toward the bathroom. I tip-toed through the door. The light in the bathroom was off and it was quite dark inside, but there was a sliver of light coming through the doorway on the far side, which was slightly ajar. I could see Amanda's silhouette, standing just inside the doorway, peering through. I approached her from behind, slowly, until I was standing right behind her, looking over her shoulder. Although I knew what I was going to see, I was still not fully prepared for it. A lamp was on in the room, on the nightstand, providing more than enough light to see Eric and Serena in all of their glory. 

Serena was on top of him, riding him. Her black nightie was crumpled up around her waist, her breasts completely exposed. Eric was cupping her breasts in his hands while she had her own hands planted firmly on his bare chest, supporting herself as she ground her hips into him. She was absolutely stunning and this was the most erotic thing I'd ever witnessed, by a mile. I'd never been more aroused.

If you'd asked me a week earlier how Amanda would have reacted to such a sight, I wouldn't have had the first clue. She'd never given me any inkling that she had any voyeuristic tendencies; she'd never even had any interest in watching pornography, despite my best efforts to convince her. But it was obvious that she was incredibly turned on by what she was seeing. One of her hands was down between her legs, touching herself through her pajama shorts. I kissed her on the neck and her whole body seemed to pulse in response. I put my hands on her hips. There was no resistance. She wanted me to touch her. 

As we watched them fuck, I continued to kiss her neck and caress her body, my hard-on raging, poking her ass through my boxers. Eventually I couldn't take it anymore. I reached down and slid her panties and pajama shorts down in one smooth motion. She jerked her head around to look at me, about to protest, but then she seemed to stifle her instinct, and she turned her head back to the scene in the bedroom, without saying anything. That was as much of a green light as I was going to get. I pulled my boxers down until they dropped to the floor, lined up my cock behind her opening, and drove it in. She was already incredibly wet and it went in smoothly. She stifled a gasp as I pushed it in as far as it would go, until my abdomen was flush against her ass. I continued to thrust into her in long strokes, pausing for a few seconds each time I reached maximum penetration. With my hands, I lifted her cotton tank top up until it was above her breasts, freeing them for me to cup with my hands. 

In the bedroom, Serena crawled off of Eric and got onto all fours next to him. She put her hands on the headboard and stuck her ass up in the air. It was clear that she wanted to be fucked doggy-style, and Eric wasted no time, maneuvering up onto his knees behind her. There was something so incredibly sexy about a woman choosing to be fucked doggy-style. I often had sex with Amanda in that position and she seemed to enjoy it reasonably well, but she never initiated it. Not once in the entire time we'd been together. Seeing Serena so clearly demand to be fucked that way, all without saying a word, was beyond arousing. I had to stop what I was doing for a moment so as not to come right then and there. 

Eric entered her quickly from behind and immediately began thrusting aggressively. The slapping sounds were now audible and Serena's moaning was getting louder and more frequent. She let go of the headboard and let her head fall down onto the pillow, her unbelievable ass now the only part of her body that was raised in the air. I could see that with one of her hands, she was now reaching up between her legs, stroking her clit as Eric continued to thrust into her. Amanda was doing the same, fingering herself as I fucked her from behind. 

Serena was the first of us to come. She announced it, panting "oh god, I'm coming," and shook for a few seconds from head to toe as the orgasm gripped her. Eric had clearly been holding out for her because just seconds later he grunted, said "oh god," and then came to a stop. He came inside her. 

The sight of them climaxing pushed Amanda over the edge, because a few seconds later I felt her clench up on my cock and let out an involuntary squeal, the first real sound either of us had made the entire time we'd been standing there. And the second it escaped her lips, she panicked, undoubtedly fearing that Eric and Serena had heard her and mortified at the prospect of being caught. In her reflex to flee, she pulled free from me. The problem was, I had been in the middle of coming myself, so just as she pulled away, loads of cum came shooting out of my cock. I tend to have a lot of cum under normal circumstances, but in this case, I hadn't ejaculated in over a week and had been hyper-aroused all day. So I just drenched her. It landed all over her ass and legs, with much of it dripping onto the floor. 

Amanda froze for a moment, stunned by the sudden turn of events. But she regrouped quickly, remembering where we were, and began ushering me back into the bedroom. As she pushed me along, she reached down and grabbed both of our shorts, using her own to quickly mop up what she could of the cum on the floor. When we got into our bedroom, I jumped onto the bed. Amanda quietly shut the bathroom door behind us and then stood at the edge of the bed, panting and using my boxers to wipe the cum off of her body. She had a frazzled grin on her face.

"I can't believe that just happened," she whispered.

"I'm sorry," I responded, "I wasn't expecting you to pull away when you did."

"Not that, you idiot. I don't care about your cum," she said as she climbed into bed, still naked from the waist down. "I mean watching our friends fuck each other. And then doing the same thing. Right there. Where they might have seen us. And holy shit! They had to have heard me when I came. That was loud, Jake!"

She was very worked up, talking a mile a minute. And the cursing. I couldn't remember her ever having used the word "fuck" to describe sex. It just wasn't like her. She was exhilarated, mainc, like someone who'd just had her first skydive and was still coming down from the high. 

"Relax, Amanda, it doesn't matter if they heard you. They wanted us to watch. They left their door open. They left the lamp on so we could see them. They did all of that on purpose. Just like they did earlier, by the window."

By her silence, I knew she understood and agreed. She just wanted me to say it. Wanted the reassurance. 

She finally spoke, "God, Jake, that was so hot. I've never felt like that before."

"Yeah, I'm not gonna argue with that. It was hot. And the hottest part was how turned on you got. Who knew you were such a voyeur?" I grinned a little.

"I'm not a nun, Jake. I like sex." She was indignant, but still smiling, "and I think even a nun would have touched herself watching that."

I laughed out loud at that. 

"Is it gonna be weird tomorrow, Jake?" She was now curled up beside me, her faced only a few inches from mine. 

"Not if we don't let it," I said, as reassuringly as I could. But I was worried about that myself. 

---

The next day was relatively uneventful, at least for the first half. We made a big breakfast and the kids played together. It was a hot day, so by early afternoon, the kids were all eager to go for a dip in the lake. The seven year olds (Emily and Michael) were fine on their own, but the little ones (Sam and Haley) required supervision, so Eric and I volunteered to go in with them. As Sam and Haley waded in tentatively, Eric and I stood nearby and talked, the first real opportunity we'd had to do so since we arrived. We caught up on all the normal stuff, our jobs, our buddies from college, the pathetic state of Syracuse football. After a while there was a pause in the conversation. Eric broke the silence.

"You know, I got up to go to the bathroom last night and there was something sticky all over the floor. Right by our door. Did one of you guys spill something?" He said it so deadpan that I thought for a moment that he was genuinely curious. But then I looked over and saw the smirk creeping across his face.
