 Please send us a message if you have enjoyed this story. We really enjoy hearing from our readers. Cheers.

I can’t remember when I became a total slut. Even before my first fuck I was fascinated by group sex. I remember finding a stash of xxx rated movies up in a cupboard in mum and dad’s room when I was eighteen. I slipped one into the video and the first thing I saw was a young blonde girl being fucked in the pussy and arse whilst she sucked on another cock. I slipped into a bit of a zone as I watched in amazement at what I saw. I began fingering my cunt and arse and had my first orgasm as they came all over her face. I watched all the movies several times and masturbated to orgasm over and over again. Maybe its this sort of conditioning that created the fuck monster that I am. 

Or maybe it’s genetic. You see, my mum and dad are swingers. For years I used to be shipped off to the baby sitters or the baby sitter would come to our house when the oldies went off partying. I only discovered this quite recently when searching through the video collection and I found a digital video cassette that I knew belonged in our new Canon video camera. With a beating heart and a mad rush of adrenaline I connected the camera to the TV. 

What appeared was a party at a house that I didn’t recognise. What I did recognise however were some of the people in the background all in various states of nudity. Nearly all had been to our house and I knew some of them very well. The camera work was crap and after watching the talking etc for about half an hour I thought that maybe this was all it was. How wrong I was. The camera suddenly was filming a family friend Sonya being fucked by my own dad. The camera swung around and mum was watching him as she lazily pumped the cock of some man I had never seen. In the background other people were madly sucking and fucking. I took all of this in in about 15 seconds before I hit the stop button on the camera. 

My mind was in turmoil as I sat on the lounge room floor. My pussy was wet and I was terribly excited but I was perturbed at what I had seen. My conscience got the better of me and I put the tape away without watching anymore. That was two years ago and now I am an insatiable twenty year old. Mum and dad are now fairly careless about their sex games. Take this morning for instance. I awoke with my normal urge to masturbate but I heard a car pull into the drive. I had a look out the window and saw Bill, another family friend, walking towards the house. He didn’t even knock on the door and used a key to get in. I snuck over to my door and watched him walking down the hall to my mum and dad’s room, disrobing as he went. He opened the door and quite simply walked in with little more than a hello. Carelessly he left the door open and my curiosity got the better of me. I snuck down the hall and got down on my hands and knees to listen in. 

“Yeah suck his cock,” I heard dad say. “Lick those balls.” My pussy nearly exploded. I edged even closer and in the dresser mirror I could see my mum sucking on Bill’s cock as dad fucked her pussy. My black nightie had ridden up my back revealing my tiny little arse and trimmed pussy and I slipped a hand under my belly and began rubbing my clit. I had entered my own little zone when I felt two hands grab my arse. It scared the shitter out of me and I spun around to find Mr Smith, our butcher, kneeling behind me with his cock sticking out of his pants. Before I could even say ‘fuck me’ he had placed his index finger on his lips to silence me. I was more than horny and although he was in his forties, and I’d known him for years, I was in severe need for cock. I smiled at him and sat on the floor and spread my legs wide. My cunt was glistening in expectation of the pleasures to come and Smithy was as hard as a rock. I undid the bow at the top of my nightie and let my perky little breasts out. Smithy undid his shirt and stood up to pull his pants off. I quickly got on my knees, grabbed his nicely sized eight incher and slipped it into my mouth. 

“Oh for fucks sake.” he whispered as I flicked my tongue around his knob tasting his precum. I jerked on his cock as I did so and then grabbed his balls with my other hand. He reached down and pushed my nightie down off my shoulders revealing my hardened nipples. My long black hair was swept aside as he grabbed the side of my head and began fucking my face. I rubbed my sopping cunt as he rammed his cock into my mouth. I needed his cock in my pussy so I pushed him back and quickly stood up. At only 5’ 4” and 45kgs I was dwarfed by his 6’ 2” frame. My nightie slipped down onto the floor and I was totally naked. He reached down behind my back and grabbing my arse he picked me up and slipped his cock into my wet pussy. 

“Oh you little slut.” he said as he pushed me against the wall and began slamming his cock into me. I held myself up by wrapping my arms around his neck. I’d never been fucked standing up before and I was thoroughly enjoying the experience. I came when he slid a finger fully into my arse hole. The experience was sweet and intense and I was wanting to scream out.

“Into my bedroom.” I said motioning towards the door. He effortlessly carried me over to the room and kicked the door open. I reluctantly slid off his cock and hopped onto my double bed. Smithy climbed on also and lay on his back. 

“Suck my cock some more,” he said pulling on it, “And let me lick your pussy.” I threw my leg over his face and dropped my pussy to his mouth. He pulled my cuntlips apart and slipped his tongue well into my snatch. I rubbed my hand along the underside of his cock and licked and sucked the jizz that was oozing from the slit. He was a very able cunt licker and I came again as soon as he slipped his finger back into my arse. I took his cock as far as I could down my throat and pumped it with my hand.

“Ah fuck.” was all he could say as I deep throated his cock. I was thoroughly enjoying the tongue lashing I was getting when I heard the front door open again. My bedroom door was still open and I knew that whoever had entered would head for mum and dad’s room and therefore walk right past my door. I heard the footsteps hurrying up the hall and to my delight the person did not keep going but turned straight into my room. It was Paul, one of my boyfriends. He stopped at the door and smiled.

“You little tart,” he said as he pulled his shorts down, “You couldn’t wait for me to get here”. I had forgotten that we were going to a friends BBQ today and he was coming over to get me.

Smithy stopped licking and looked at Paul with a confused look on his face. He returned to licking my juicy pussy as soon as Paul moved over to me and I slipped his cock into my mouth. I had another orgasm as I sucked on Paul and wanked Smithy. I alternated between each one for a while but now that I had two cocks to play with I needed to have one in my pussy and suck on another. I hopped off Smithy’s face and moved down to his cock. I grabbed his cock, which was bigger than Paul’s, and slipped it into my cunt. Paul stood on the bed and I took his cock into my mouth. When Smithy reached around and rubbed my clit and Paul tweaked my nipples I came in a shuddering roar.

“Oh fuck yeah,” I cried, “Fuck me like a slut, fuck your little slut.”

Paul pulled his shirt off as I licked and sucked his meat. Paul’s cock was sensational and it was the perfect size for what I had planned next. After a short while I had the feeling that Smithy wasn’t going to last much longer. I needed to complete the session by having both my pussy and arse filled with cock. 

“Lie down,” I said to Paul, “I want you to fuck my arse.”

Needless to say but Paul was on his back in two seconds flat. I slipped off Smithy’s cock and moved over to Paul. With my back to Paul I stood above him and slipped a few fingers into my juicy snatch. I rubbed some of the jizz around and into my arse hole to lube it up.

“You want to fuck your little sluts arse?” I said to Paul as he stroked his cock. “Fuck me nice and hard.”

I squatted down onto his cock and rubbed my clit as he filled my back passage with his tool. I leant back, spread my legs and looked at Smithy. 

“Now fuck my little pussy, Mr Smith, Fuck my little pussy.” I said. Smithy’s cock was nearly splitting as he took hold of it and rested it against my swollen lips. He rubbed his knob all over my cunt smearing the juices all around. His eight inches slid into my pussy and within 5 seconds I was cumming like a mad woman. Paul and Smithy were a good team and alternated nicely with their cocks. I was delirious as the two cocks filled my holes. Smithy was certainly close to cumming so I looked him in the eye and said.

“Cum in my mouth.”

It sure worked and before he could get his cock up to my mouth he had already shot a stream of cum up onto my flat belly. He stumbled up and hit me with another jet on my tits and finally got the rest of his cock into my mouth. He had a full load and it was still so much that it flowed out of my mouth. I pushed some more out of my mouth and swirled it around his knob.

“Oh yes lick that cock, suck that cum you little slut.” He said.

“Oh fuck, oh fuck.” was all I heard Paul say as he pulled his cock from my arse and shot a load of cum all over my open pussy and fucked arse. Paul knows I love to feel cum all over me rather than in me and he obliged quite nicely. Smithy collapsed onto the bed and I just lay back on Paul fingering my snatch. 

“So you stole Smithy from me did you dear.” I jumped fair out of my skin when I heard mum say that. I slipped off Paul and grabbed a sheet. Why I was being so coy I had no idea. I looked at mum and she was stark naked with cum running down her legs and matted globs of it in her hair. 

Paul made no effort to conceal himself and in fact his cock got larger as he watched my mum. 

“Well dear if you are going to go stealing my men I can only assume I can steal yours,” she said smiling. “I love a young cock, Paul come with me.” Paul leapt out of bed and followed my mum down the hall into the bedroom. I was in shock and I lay down with my eyes closed trying to take it all in. I heard the bed creak and I thought that Smithy was getting up to leave. He wasn’t though and he pulled the sheet away from me.

“Time to clean you up.” he said as he roughly pulled my legs apart and dived down into my pussy. I instinctively began kneading my tits as he licked at the remains of Paul’s jism. I heard footsteps down the hall and I half hoped it would be Paul. Alas it wasn’t, it was Bill. 

“Your mother sent me,” he said as he pulled on his cock. “Fuck you have a sensational body.”

I extended my hand to him and he came over to the bed. His cock was at full strength and I knew that he had been fucking my mum not minutes earlier. That didn’t stop me though and I took him eagerly in my mouth. 

“This is one fantastic slut.” Smithy said to Bill

“Fucking oath,” Bill replied, “I’ve been wanting to fuck this little bitch for years.”

“Well here’s your chance mate.” Smithy said as he rolled me over into a doggy position, “Come and fuck this beautiful pussy and arse.”

Smithy and Bill swapped places and I began to suck on Smithy’s cock as Bill ploughed into my snatch. His cock was a fair size and had a nice upwards curl in it. He smacked my bum as he shoved in his cock to the hilt. Smithy was back to his full strength and I decided to give these two oldies a treat and let them DP me. After a while I turned to Bill and said. “Do you want to fuck my arse?”

He almost came in my pussy and I quickly moved away so that he wouldn’t. I slid up Smithy’s body and said to him. “Sorry Smithy but your cock is far too big for my arse.” And with that I slipped his cock into my pussy. 

I looked around to Bill who had a feverish look in his eye. He spat on his hand and greased up his cock before placing it against my rose. As he slipped it in I could feel another orgasm looming and I soon began shaking as I fell into an orgasmic delight. They both fucked my holes for an eternity and I came continuously. I really love having cum splashed all over me so after a while I kind of pushed Bill off and hopped off Smithy.

“Ok boys,” I said as I squatted on the floor, “Both of you cum all over me.”

I began rubbing my clit as the two men began wanking on their cocks. I would suck each cock, not worrying where it had been, and wank it with my free hand. 

“You are such a little tart,” Bill said as he unloaded his cock onto my face.

“Here suck this slut.” Smithy said as he forced his cock in my mouth. I let some of it ooze out of my mouth and directed the remainder down onto my nice pert tits. I had cum on my face and my tits and I was feeling fantastic. I sucked on both of the softening cocks and I could feel Smithy’s body shaking.

“Well men I hoped you have enjoyed yourself.” I said 

They were speechless and I stood up and grabbed my gown off the bed and threw it around my shoulders. I went into the bathroom and had a long shower. The door soon opened and Paul walked in.

“Hi,” he said sheepishly, “Um was that Ok what I did.”

“Yeah sure.” I said, “As long as I can fuck your dad some day.”

“Hey you already fuck all my friends,” he said “Can’t you stop at that?”

“Well let’s see about that shall we.” I said as I grabbed his sticky cock “I need all the lust I can get.”

This story and many others will continue if we get enough responses. Please send us a message, it really does encourage us. 