 "We're going out with the Kennisons," Kelly's mother called up the stairs. "They said you should head over to their cottage. Their son Liam is having a few friends over."

"Um, I think I'll just stay here," Kelly called back.

There was a silence that Kelly did not like. 

"Could you come down here for a minute?" her mother asked.

Kelly sighed and got off her bed. Her parents were standing by the front door when she came down.

"What?" she asked, though she thought she knew.

"Listen, we're here for two weeks and we're going to have fun. No mopping."

"I'm not mopping," Kelly interrupted.

"Don't interrupt your mother," her father said. 

Kelly had to struggle to not roll her eyes. 

"We want you to get out, get to know some of the other kids here. This is a great opportunity to do just that. The Kennisons seem like really nice people and it would be impolite to just ignore the invitation."

Kelly nodded.

"Does that mean that you'll go?"

"Yes," Kelly said.

"Good," her father said.

They all stood there looking at each other.

"Well go ahead," her father said.

"I need to change," Kelly said looking imploringly at her mother.

Her parent's exchanged a look. 

"Fine, but we expect you to go over to the Kennison's," her mother said.

"I will," Kelly said, again.

She went slowly back up the stairs. In her room she pulled on a pair of shorts that she thought made her ass look good and a tank top that accentuated her waist, though she wasn't sure why she cared. Even if she got to know these kids, it would only be for two weeks and then they'd be headed back to Iowa. She checked herself in the mirror. The zit on her chin was only a shadow of its former self, she dab on a little extra makeup and banished it altogether. She flicked her thick brown hair over her shoulder. It would do.

Slowly she headed back down the stairs. She had to go, but she didn't have to hurry. The sun was low in the sky over the ocean and there was a nice cool breeze off the water. She almost wished she worn jeans instead. Kelly had never seen the ocean before and she loved it. She stood for a minute listening to the sound of the surf on the beach below. A few young kids were still frolic in the waves, but for the most part it was quiet. She wished she could just go walk along the beach by herself. She didn't want to meet new people, but she'd promised. 

She turned and headed toward the Kennison's cabin. When she reached the front door she paused. She hated this part, hated knocking on doors. What if Liam didn't really want her there? What if...? She bit her lip and knocked.

The door opened quicker than she'd expected. 

Whoa. The guy standing in front of her was hot: dark and hot. She'd only seen people who looked like that on TV. 

The guy smiled at her, white teeth against his dark skin. "Hey, you must be Kelly." He held out his hand. 

"Uh hi, you must be Liam," Kelly said and hoped her hand wasn't all sweaty.

"I was starting to think you weren't coming," Liam said. "Come on in, the others are already here."

He led the way into the cottages. It was bigger, and nicer, than the one Kelly's parents had rented.

"We're in the basement."

Kelly could hear voices as the descended the stairs. There were three people sitting in couches and chairs. 

"This is Annie, Darrin and Sandi," Liam said, pointing to each of them. "This is Kelly, she's from Iowa and we're supposed to show her a good time."

"A good time?" Sandi asked. She was blond and curvy and had a confident, knowing look. Kelly immediately felt ill at ease.

"We can do that," Darrin said. 

"Come sit on the couch," Annie said. She at least seemed nice. 

Kelly sat.

"So where do you go to college?" Darrin asked.

"I start at Iowa State in the fall," Kelly said. She felt like her even voice sounded small. "And you?"

"I'll be a sophomore at Umass," Darrin said.

"Well isn't this exciting," Sandi said. "If this is what were going to do all night, I can think of a million other places I can be."

"Cards," Liam said.

"Cards?" Sandi asked.

"Let's play cards."

"What? Like Old Maid?" Sandi asked. 

Liam shrugged.

"How about poker?" Kelly said, surprising herself.

"Poker. Now there's an idea," Sandi said. "What kind?"

"Texas hold 'em," Kelly said. It was a game she knew how to play.

"Get the cards," Sandi said.

Liam went up stairs and came back with a deck of cards and a bottle of whisky.

"Poker calls for whisky," he said putting the bottle down on the coffee table.

"We'll need some glasses." Annie said.

"Right, someone deal while I go get some," Liam said.

Kelly picked up the deck and began to shuffle. She wasn't so sure about the whisky, but she liked poker. 

They played with pennies for the first four rounds and Kelly won three of out of the four.

"New rules," Sandi said. "Lowest hand has to do a shot."

"Really?" Annie asked and Kelly was glad she'd said something.

"Yeah, this is boring," Sandi said.

Liam looked around the table. "How about strip poker instead?" 

Kelly felt trapped, drink or strip those were her choices?

"Ooo, I like the way you think," Sandi said.

"I'd rather strip than drink," Annie said.

Kelly wasn't too sure, but she'd done well so far. Based on the first round she wouldn't loose her clothes first, and the game might not go on much after the first person lost something important. 

"Ok," she said. 

"Everyone has to do a shot first though," Sandi said.

Kelly looked at Annie hoping she would object, but Annie just shrugged. 

Liam poured them each a shot and they drank. The liquor burned going down Kelly's throat and made her stomach feel hot and uncomfortable. Then Liam filled their glasses again. Kelly was afraid they were going to have to drink more, but he just put the bottle down and began to shuffle the cards.

To her chagrin, Kelly lost the first hand. She kicked off her flip-flops.

Sandi lost the next round and did the same. 

Kelly lost again and removed her belt. The mood around the table was intense.

"That doesn't count," Sandi said.

"Sure it does," Annie said. "If you're wearing something it counts."

"Not jewelry," Darrin said.

"Obviously," Annie said.

"Ok, belts count," Sandi said.

Sandi lost the next two hands. On the second she had to remove her shirt. She reached down and pulled her tank top over her head without a moment's hesitation. She was wearing a lacy red bra that looked like it was at least one size too small for her ample breasts. She smiled around the table and pushed boobs together and tilted her head a bit.

"Like 'em?" She asked.

No one said anything, but Darrin and Liam seemed to have trouble getting their eyes back to their cards.

Liam lost the next hand and removed he sandals.

It was Sandi's turn to deal. 

Kelly picked up her cards and scanned them: a pair of sixes. That wasn't bad. It was just a game she told herself. She glanced around the table. Sandi was staring expressionlessly at her own cards. Liam looked like he was trying to holding his face ridged. Kelly glanced at Annie and Darrin they hadn't lost yet. If Kelly lost this hand her shirt was next. She took a deep breath and took a gulp of her whisky, hoping the alcohol would loosen her inhibitions. So far it hadn't helped. She looked at Sandi again in her lacy red bra. Kelly wished she had chosen her underwear more carefully, but then she hadn't expected anyone to see them.

Kelly laid down her cards and. scanned the other hands. Crap. She had the low hand again. 

"Shirt," Sandi said.

Kelly swallowed hard and slowly, self consciously, removed her shirt. She knew her nipples, hard and erect, showed clearly through the shear material. How had she let herself get into this? She tried to hide from the boy's obvious stares by hunching her shoulders and holding her cards in front of her. She thought her breasts were no smaller than Sandi's and with a nicer shape. Still, she hoped that she would not have to take off her bra first.

"Who wants another drink?" Liam asked. 

"Me, of course," Sandi said handing him her empty glass. She smiled around the table. Kelly both hated and admired her for her confidence. 

"I guess," Annie said, draining her glass pushing it across the table. 

Darrin drained his glass a put it on the table. 

They all looked at her. 

"How about you?" Liam asked, the bottle hovering dangerously over her glass. Kelly nodded, though she wasn't sure if she should. She didn't usually drink, but she was afraid to refuse. She didn't want her new friends to think she was a lightweight.

"So where are you from again?" Sandi asked her.

"Iowa," Kelly replied. Hadn't she said that before? 

"Seems like a long way to come just to go to the ocean," Darrin said as he dealt the next hand.

"There's no ocean close to Iowa," Kelly said.

"True, there's no nothing close to Iowa," Sandi said.

Kelly blushed though she wasn't sure why. Sandi was right, but hearing her say it made her mad.But instead of arguing she nodded. "That's true. That's why we came here."

"Well if you ask me, there's nothing here either," Annie said, but she smiled to show she wasn't trying to make Kelly feel bad. 

"Here's to nothing!" Liam said and raised his glass. They clinked glasses and drank. Kelly sipped instead, and to her relief she saw that Annie was doing the same. Taking a deep breath she picked up her cards.

To her relief Annie lost the next hand. 

"Pants, pants, pants, Sandi chanted.

But Annie smiled and removed her sandals. "Wish I'd worn socks," she said. 

"Socks with sandal?" Sandi asked no one in particular.

"No don't," Darrin said.

"Only if you wear Birkenstocks and live in Vermont," Liam said. He smiled at Kelly. "Vermonters are all hippies," he explained. 

Darrin dealt again. Sandi was forced to remove her jeans on the next round. She stood, unsnapped them and slowly wiggled out of them. Sandi had a great body, curvy, but tight, and made a show of it. Darrin and Liam followed her every move like cats watching a bird. She bent, showing her cleavage, picked up her pants and folded them carefully. Then she pulled her panties up a little higher and sat back down. She smiled around at the table. Kelly had the feeling that Sandi was enjoying the attention. She wished she could feel that way.

"Who's up for more," Liam asked raising the bottle. 

"Ooo, me!" Sandi said. Her cheeks were bright and eyes looked a little glassy.

Kelly looked over at Annie. Annie was eyeing her glass, which was still half full. 

"Drink up Annie," Darrin said, draining his own glass and putting it on the table. 

Annie looked up and saw Kelly staring at her. She smiled and shrugged and downed the booze.

"Your turn." Darrin said, turning to Kelly. 

"It's not so bad," Annie said reassuringly.

Kelly slowly brought the glass to her mouth and tipped it back. The scalding sensation of the liquor on her throat wasn't as bad this time.

"Alright then," Darrin said and dealt out the next hand.

Liam lost his shirt. Kelly tried hard not to stare at Liam's muscular chest, how his triceps moved when he stretched. It was making her feel hot and shivery at the same time. The buzz in her head didn't help thing much either.

On the next round Annie lost her shirt. Her breasts were smaller than Kelly and Sandi's, but she had a sexy black lace bra and you could see the muscles in her flat stomach. Kelly looked down at her own stomach, flat, but softer. She resolved to do more crunches. She sat up straighter, not wanting Liam to think she was fat. Liam. Why did she care? She looked at him again, or rather at his chest. Something stirred in her deep down and she felt her breath come on a little faster. She looked at her hand. Two Jacks. That was a good start. She discarded and picked up another Jack and felt a wave of relief.

Liam lost and stood to remove his pants. His boxers tented out slightly and he sat down looking a little red in the face. He knocked back a shot. 

"Another round," Darrin declared, his voice a little too loud. 

Sandi drained her glass and brought it down hard on the table. "Drink up ladies!"

Kelly reluctantly drained her glass. She glanced surreptitiously at Liam. He had his hand covering his crotch, but Kelly thought she could just make out the shape of his semi-erect cock through the material. Kelly felt the first moistening in her pussy. Her heart beat fast. Suddenly she wanted Liam to loose his boxers. She wanted to see his cock. Her own face felt flushed and hot. She'd never felt quite like this before. 

She wasn't a virgin. There was that one time, in the field with Averill Walker. It had been a hot sweaty struggle that ended too soon for her. It had taken some real scrubbing to get his stuff out of her hair. There had been other times after that, but just petting. She was too afraid of getting pregnant. That was before she was on the pill of course.

She lost the next hand. Shaking slightly she pulled her shorts off. Her panties, a faded gray pair, started to come off with them and everyone got a glimpse of her carefully trimmed bush. She sat down quickly conscious of the slightly cold feeling of the now damp material against her pussy. She hoped there wasn't a wet spot on them and she hoped no one had seen if there was. She wished she'd worn black panties instead.

She glanced around the table. Liam still had his hand in front of his crotch, but his erection was clearly visible. She shivered slightly and shifted uncomfortably. Her own crotch was warm and throbbing. She wanted to touch herself. God, she'd never felt the need like this before. Well that once after the field. But she hadn't, not really. The showerhead didn't really count. She swallowed hard.

Sandi was sitting up straight, legs crossed making no attempt to hide anything. Kelly looked again. Was that a shadow or could she see a stain on Sandi's red panties. She glanced up to find Sandi watching her. The other girl smiled. It was a funny smile, a knowing smile. Kelly felt her cheeks go hot and she looked away. 

She looked over at Darrin. He looked a bit drunk. He hadn't lost a stitch, but there was a suspicious bulge in his shorts. 

Annie looked red in the face and her nipples were visible through her bra. 

Darrin dealt again and lost. He smiled around at them and took off his shirt. "Since I'm so far behind, I'll loose the flip flops also."

"Ooo, big spender," Annie said.

"Hey, I didn't have to do that."

He dealt the next hand and Sandi lost. She slipped out of her bra, tossed her hair back over her shoulder, pushing her chest out. Kelly stared. They all stared. She had dark areolas and her nipples stood out like bullets. She laughed and pinched them smiling around the circle. 

"You gonna deal or what," Sandi asked.

Darrin's shut his mouth and dealt the cards. Kelly couldn't help looking at Sandi's breasts. They were nicely shaped and wobbled a bit when she moved. She looked at Kelly and raised her eyebrows and Kelly looked away, embarrassed. She picked up her hand. Two kings. She wasn't going to have to take anything off. She glanced around the table secretly hoping that Liam would lose.

When they laid their cards on the table, she saw that her wish had come true. Liam looked around a bit desperately, then slid his boxers off in a quick motion. 

"Oh come on," Sandi said. "You have to let us see, I did.

Liam looked trapped. Slowly he took his hands out of his lap. His penis stood up straight, hard and shiny. 

Sandi laughed. "Somebodies turned on."

Liam blushed and Kelly felt bad for him, but she couldn't take her eyes off his prick. The hot feeling in her pussy was stronger than ever. She put her hands in her lap; afraid her wet panties might be visible. 

"It's ok," Sandi said. "I'm turned on too, see?" and she opened her legs wide so they could all see the crotch of her panties where a small damp spot was showing. 

Liam put his hand over his cock again, but Kelly thought she could see him squeezing it slightly. Watching him made her squirm more and she allowed her finger to touch the wet material of her panties ever so lightly. The touch sent a shiver through her and she almost sighed out loud. 

Darrin dealt the cards again, and again. First Annie lost her pants, then Darrin lost his shorts. When Sandi lost again, she stood, hooked her thumb in her panties and very slowly pulled them down wriggling her hips as she did. She stood for a minute allowing them all to see her shaved Mons and her pink slit. Then she sat down. Kelly wished she was that brave, that she felt that comfortable with her body.

Annie lost her bra next. She made an awkward show of taking it off as if she were trying to imitate Sandi. Her breasts stood out, small, high and perky. She had tiny pink areola and her nipples stood at attention.

Kelly lost the next round. Slowly she reached around and undid her bra. She could feel her breasts swing free. She wanted to cover herself, but she resisted the urge. Sandi and Annie hadn't tried to hide. She looked up. Liam was staring at her. Suddenly she wanted him to see her. She took a deep breath and self-consciously pushed her hair back exposing boobs to the others. I was like a sigh went out of the room.

"Nice," Sandi said.

Kelly looked at her, but she seemed to mean it. That, and the fact that Liam couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from her, made her feel a bit better. Plus, she wasn't completely naked.

Liam dealt the next hand and too her horror Kelly lost. She stared at the cards, not wanting to take off her panties. She could just do what Liam did and slide them off quick, but it was as if Sandi could read her mind. 

"You've got to stand up." 

Kelly looked around. She would have to remove her panties in front of everyone. Her glass of whisky was still half full. Quickly she down it, stood up and pulled her panties down. She did it fast not wanting anyone to see what must be a big wet blotch on the crotch of her grey panties, or the patch of hair between her legs. She could feel a string of her juices on her leg. She sat down quickly hoping no one else had noticed. She felt very naked even though Sandi and Liam had lost their clothes before her. 

She looked at Liam. He was staring at her crotch with this hand still squeezing his cock slightly.

When Darrin lost his boxers, Sandi forced him to stand also. His erection practically leaped out of his boxers when he pulled them down. He stood there with it sort of waving in the wind for a moment before sitting down. It looked big, but Kelly didn't have a lot of experience in that department. She stared at him and pressed her hand against her throbbing privates. Her nipples were so hard they were sore.

Now Annie was the only one with any clothing left. Darrin dealt again and lost. 

"I've got nothing to take off," he said laying down his cards. 

"Then you have to do something," Sandi said. 

"Do what?"

"Whatever the person with the best hand says you have to do."

They all laid their cards down face up.

"I have a pair of queens, so I get to decide," Sandi said. She looked around the group as if she were gathering ideas from all of them.

"You have to jerk off," she declared. 

"What? Here?"

"Yes. For thirty seconds in front of all of us."

Darrin looked around at them, but no one said anything.

"Go on," Sandi said. "You know you want to."

Kelly knew she wanted him to; she even wanted to touch herself. She stared as Darrin curled his fingers around his cock and began to move his hand up and down his shaft. 

"Hey, whose keeping time?" he asked. 

"I'll count," Sandi said. "One. Two."

They all watched as Darrin stroked himself while Sandi counted. Soon his hand began to move faster and he started to pant slightly, his hips move almost imperceptibly with the rhythm of his hand. Kelly could hardly stand it she wanted so badly to touch herself. She glanced at Sandi and saw that the other girl was gently massaging her breast, her eyes glued to Darrin's pumping hand. Annie, like Kelly had her hands in her lap. Kelly allowed herself to lightly touch her damp sex. It felt so good. She wanted more. She forced herself to stop. 
