 The car pulled around the corner and stopped. I hopped in the back and we pulled away from the curb. 

"Hi Vince," I said as I looked around the car. We were alone, just me and Vince and some clothing folded on the back seat. I would change into that clothing and transform myself from Kathy into 'Baby Doll,' one of the prize girls in the stable. 

I didn't work for Vince, not really. He worked for masters much as I did. His job was to protect the merchandise. Vince was a large, muscular Italian in his early 30s; I was the merchandise. I had value because I was young and looked younger. A great deal of value because, in spite of youthful looks and small size, I was very good at pleasing the client. Actually, my looks and petiteness were both valuable assets. Very valuable assets. 

Most of the men I was seeing were looking for young and innocent, the forbidden fruit so to speak. The encounter is about titillation, whatever the client needs, whatever turns them on. As long as he pays for it, the client gets what he wants. Young and innocent was one of the roles I filled. If everything went well with the client, if the client was happy, then the people I worked for were happy. Vince was happy. That was my job; making sure everyone was happy.

"Hi Kathy. You need to change quickly tonight, we're staying local and we'll be there in about thirty minutes," he replied.

"Local? You know I don't like local." Usually I was taken to New York where as far as I was concerned there was no one I could run into who might know me. Local made me a bit nervous. A lot about what I was doing made me nervous, but I had faith Vince would protect me and I knew Vince had the medicine to calm my nerves. "What are we doing tonight?" I asked him.

"I'm running you over to PA. We've got a John over there who picked you and he's a friend of a friend if you know what I mean. So you're on the menu Baby Doll. Let's get ready."

"A friend of a friend?" I asked.

"Yeah, baby, a friend of a friend."

I never liked hearing those words because it usually meant someone owed someone else a favor and that I would be working off the books, so to speak. What that meant to me was that the person I was seeing probably did not feel the controls that were in place to provide me with a certain modicum of safety applied to him. He was special. I had entertained friends of friends before; sometimes they had proven to be uncomfortable. However, I had no options other than looking cute and using the tools nature had given me to make do as best I could.

I caught Vince's gaze in the rear view mirror, "Okay, you have some coke?"

"Yeah Baby Doll, I've got some coke," it was obvious from his voice that he knew I was upset. It was also obvious to me that there was nothing that could be done about it.

I did a bit of coke to settle my nerves and started getting changed. I had my clothes off when we went through the toll booth going over the bridge into the city. I know the toll collector saw me, they had seen me before. I often wondered what they thought of a young, naked girl in the back of Vince's car, but Vince was pretty imposing and I guess the toll takers just never thought to bring it up.

Vince had brought sheer stockings and a garter belt for me. I got them on and then pulled a pair of lace thong panties over them. Most people would wear their panties under their garter but the clients always wanted me to take the panties off and leave the garter on. I found this to be a much easier system. Typically the client liked the look of my shaved pussy framed by the garters. They said it made me look even younger. I knew it made me look vulnerable. I knew that because it made me feel vulnerable.

I was fairly small, I only weighed 100 pounds and I was a 32 B. I could tell from the outfit Vince had brought that this client was looking for that youthful trashy look as opposed to the schoolgirl I was called on so often to portray. So I dispensed with the bra – it was just going to come off anyway – and pulled on my skirt, buttoned my shirt halfway up and tucked it in. A pair of heels and I was ready to go.

I was ready just in time; we pulled up in front of a duplex. Vince parked in the street, told me he would be right back and walked up to the door. Vince went inside and I knew I had a couple of minutes. Part of what Vince does is to make sure all is as it is supposed to be on the inside. I knew that right now he was going over the arrangements with the client and making sure there was no one there who wasn't expected to be there. I just sat in the car and tried to relax, waiting for him to come out. 

Vince climbed back into the car, "Okay Baby Doll, go on up to the door and I'll be back for you later."

"You're not staying?" I didn't like it when Vince didn't stay. Bad things could sometimes happen when Vince didn't stay.

"No Baby Doll, you're good. This John is a friend of a friend. You go on in. I'll be back."

"Friend of a friend," well that just makes me feel all tingly I thought to myself. I got out of the car and walked up to the door. It was a nice area, but I knew that didn't mean a whole lot in the life. Plus, I was cold. I was shivering, part of it was nerves but a good chunk of it was cold. Then I thought, "Shit, we got here so quickly I forgot all about the coke." I had intended on doing just a little bit more. "I hope this guy offers me some wine." 

As I approached the door it swung open and there stood the client in a pair of sweatpants with no shirt or shoes. He wasn't bad looking and he appeared to be in decent shape so that was a definite plus. I wasn't going to be trapped under a sloppy fat John or some bad smelling, ugly bastard. In this business you have to take you're plusses. I learned that very early.

"Hello Baby Doll." 

"Hi," I smiled sweetly looking into his eyes and licking my lips just a tiny bit. He could just see the very tip of my tongue flick by. It was time to get to work.

He took me by the hand and walked me up the stairs and into the living room. I looked around trying to get a feel for where I was. The television was on, and there was a couch, loveseat and a recliner. At the one end of the room was a dining area off of which was a kitchen, at the other end was a hallway that led off to the left.

He asked if he could get me anything and I asked for a glass of wine. He went into the kitchen leaving me standing in the middle of the room. I could see him going into the fridge from a cut-out in the wall where food could be passed through. 

He returned with a glass of white wine for me and he had a bottle of Heineken. He smiled at me, touched my glass with his bottle and said, "To a fruitful evening." We were both standing in the middle of the room.

As I began drinking my wine I could feel myself beginning to relax, maybe this was going to go okay. He moved behind me, slipped his hand inside my shirt and began caressing my left breast with his right hand. He was kissing me on the side of my neck. He pulled his hand out and turned me around still trailing his tongue around my neck. He moved up and attempted to kiss me on the lips but I moved my head away. He kissed me on the side of the face and lightly licked my eyelids and trailed his tongue down my nose. He tried to kiss me on the lips again but, once again, I turned my head.

He whispered into my ear, "Would you mind taking your clothes off for me?" 

I tilted my head to him, smiled and said, "Not at all. I'd love to get naked for you."

I put my drink down on a coaster as he moved to the recliner and sat down. I had come in with my shirt already partially unbuttoned so I stood in the middle of the room and slowly undid the rest of them, one button after the other. When all of the buttons were undone I kept the shirt on and slowly slipped my skirt down over my hips and kicked it into the corner. Now I was standing in the middle of the room, shirt undone and my tits playing peek-a-boob, in my garter, stockings and panties. 

He was paying rapt attention as I slowly began sliding my panties down. As I slowly slid them down my legs, I stepped out of them with my left foot and kicked them over with the skirt with my right. With my shirt tail hanging down he really wasn't able to see my pussy yet, maybe just enough to be aware he wasn't seeing any pubic hair. He was staring at my crotch trying to see as I tuned around and slowly raised the bottom of my shirt exposing my bare ass to him.

"Ahh, that is one beautiful ass!"

I replied, "Thank you," and gave my ass a little shake. 

I kept my legs close together, not tight, but close enough so that when I bent over he was getting a great view of my ass and my pussy crack and mound but no butterfly. I wasn't ready to really spread wide yet. It's all about the titillation. 

"Oh my God, you are hot. Your ass is so tight!"

I clenched and unclenched my ass cheeks a few times then straightened up. I took the shirt off and threw it over with my other clothes in the corner.

I slowly turned back around and placed my hands on my hips and stood there letting him take it all in. This part I like. I like it when the men look at me. Actually it makes me hot and my pussy started to dampen.

He wasn't saying anything. From my point of view it looked as if he was transfixed on my pussy. To tell you the truth, I wasn't sure he was breathing.

My pussy. I am very fortunate in that I have what has been described as a great pussy. I don't know about that but I do know that men like to look at it. My labia aren't overly large and when I'm standing unfluffed my inner lips are just visible, slightly peeking out. When my outer lips part my clit becomes clearly visible. There are times when the proper presentation of the pussy accomplishes a good bit of the task at hand. I call this pussy power. It's all about titillation; give the client what he can't get elsewhere.

He was smiling and nervously licking his lips, the now forgotten beer simply being held in his hand. I slowly ran my hands up my sides and over my head, stretching as far as I could and giving him a good look at my tits as they moved with me. I could tell he liked what he was seeing as there was a visible stirring in his pants.

I kept my arms in the air and spread my legs and slowly started bending backwards. I can do a full back bend but I didn't go there this time. I simply gave him a bird's eye view of my pussy. He wanted to see young, shaved flesh so that's what I was showing him. I took my left hand and reached down between my legs slowly drawing my finger up through my labia. I licked my finger and repeated the move

"Oh my god, you're beautiful. So young and small. How old are you?"

I straightened up and smiled at him saying, "Old enough."

I then turned around and bent forward spreading my legs. He had a great view of my ass and pussy and when I reached back and pulled my cheeks apart I heard him gasp. I looked through my legs at him and he now was fully erect in his pants. He was pushing hard against the fabric of those sweats.

I went down on all fours; head on the floor and ass up, and then slowly rolled onto my back with my legs spread. I pulled my knees up as tight as I could and then I extended my legs straight into the air and slowly parted them into a 'V'. I slowly opened and closed my legs. I could see he was staring at my pussy. Watching my pussy lips slowly open and close; watching the butterfly flap her wings. I kept my legs extended and spread and slowly began playing with my clit with my left hand. I was running my fingers up and down the length of my pussy, everyone once in awhile spreading the labia so he could get a good view.

I stood up and began removing my garter, and then I kicked my heels off. Ever so slowly I rolled each stocking down and off its leg. I was now completely nude and he stood up, handed me my drink, and slowly walked around me. He was fully erect, his erection straining against his sweats.

"Finish your drink Baby Doll. You're so small, and so young. You're beautiful. They told me you were well worth the money, and they're right. You're worth every penny. He sat back down on the couch, just looking at me.

I'm standing in the middle of the room finishing my drink with my nipples rock hard, mainly because I'm cold. I was starting to wonder if this was it, if I was just going to stand in the middle of the room until he either decided what he wanted to do or Vince came back. However, I was wrong, there was a game plan, I just wasn't aware of it.

Suddenly the door bell rang and he got up, took my glass and told me to put my shoes back on and stand there and wait for him to return. He put my glass on the cut-out to the kitchen and went down the stairs to the door. I heard the door open and people talking. The next thing I knew I heard more than one pair of feet coming up the steps. 

"Fuck, a friend of a friend!" I wasn't sure what to think. It was starting to look like there was going to be a party. No one had said anything to me about multiples. This wasn't good, especially without Vince here. I was wondering if Vince was even aware other people had been invited. I was very apprehensive about how many people were coming up those steps. I couldn't really tell. I could just hear footsteps approaching as they made their way up the stairs. As they got closer I tried to relax and put on a demure smile and made sure I was facing the top of the stairs at a good angle for viewing pleasure. You know what they say about first impressions. 

The first guy through took one look at me and his eyes bugged out. 

"Jesus Christ! Jim, you said you weren't busy." he exclaimed. 

He quickly moved into the room, his eyes roaming all over me, trying to see everything at once. The second one in didn't say anything, but he couldn't take his eyes of me. I just stood there and smiled. They were smiling back, big smiles, and they were all bug-eyed. I'm not sure they even blinked. 

The client came in, now I knew his name was Jim, and said, "Fellows, I want you to meet Baby Doll. Baby Doll this is Bobby and Frank."

I simply smiled and said, "Nice to meet you." 

Bobby and Frank looked like they might be college-aged. I had been expecting maybe a bit older because the client had seemed to be in his mid-30s. Rarely am I involved with guys this young. When I am it's usually when I'm given as either a gift or a reward. An evening with me is expensive and rarely do younger guys have that kind of money. 

Frank said, "I thought we were going to watch the game?"

Jim replied, "We are."

"Well what is she doing? You do know you have a naked bitch standing your living room!"

"Frankie!" exclaimed Jim, "Play nice. Baby Doll is going to help us watch the game."

Bobby hadn't said a word all through this discussion; he was just staring at me. It would have been cute, actually it was cute, but I was more concerned that my fairly basic trick had just turned into a three on one. I didn't like this, didn't like it at all, especially without Vince here to keep things reigned in. The only good thing I could see was that he had only brought in two more guys. There could have been more. There have been more.

Any time you get involved in a multiple situation it has a tendency to get rough and very easily can turn bad. This is especially true if you are the only one of the multiples that's playing the game with a pussy. Typically it will start out with one guy trying to be the lead dog and then, before you know it, the testosterone comes into full effect and everyone is marking their territory. Unless one is very fortunate, men in multiples can easily turn into a pack of sex-crazed assholes. 

As I'm standing there I'm taking this all in and trying to read the two newcomers. The one called Frank was making me nervous. He looked like he had an attitude and I couldn't envision him folding his pants neatly and putting them on the end of the bed. I suspected strongly he was the type of asshole who would take pleasure in my displeasure. I was afraid he was going to try and hurt me, I'd been with guys like him before, the only question was how much discomfort he was going to cause me and, since Jim had invited him, would Jim be able to control him?

Bobby just seemed like a college kid who happened to walk into a situation that he had yet to fully grasp. I could see by his expression that in his mind he was saying over and over again, 'She's naked. Damn, she's just standing there bare ass naked!' I was thinking maybe I could use Bobby's niceness and innocence to get me through if things got ugly with the other two. However, as nice as Bobby seemed to be, I would be the one his hard-on would be directed toward. One of the first things I learned in the life was a hard dick has no conscience.

Jim took charge and told Frank and Bobby to sit on the couch and he then sat in the recliner. 

"Baby Doll," he said softly to me, "why don't you give Frankie and Bobby the tour. Watch this boys, Baby Doll has a great body and she knows how to display it."

I smiled, winked at Bobby, and began walking back and forth in front of the three of them, very slowly, several times, I stopped, faced them and reached my hands up clasping them above my head and arching my back. With my legs spread a little more than shoulder width apart I gave them all a good view of my pussy, much as I had Jim previously. To enhance their view I reached down with both hands and helped the butterfly spread her wings, giving them a good clear look at my clit. I held this position for a five count, letting them take in the visual. Then I turned around and spread my legs as far apart as I could, leaned forward and spread my ass cheeks. This drew comments from the crowd as they marveled at my hairless pussy and Bobby and Frank kept asking Jim how old I was. All he said was that I had said I was old enough.

I made a conscious decision to see if I could get things moving. I was pretty sure Bobby had never had an experience like this and I was guessing the same was true of Frank. I wanted to get them worked up so that when the time came they would cum quickly. This was no time for coyness. I didn't think this was a crowd that would appreciate coyness. It was show time.

I sat on the floor with my knees up and began stroking my pussy. I was alternately rubbing my clit and then slowly sliding my fingers through showing them my labia. Then I would stick a finger in my vagina and then into my mouth while the other hand went to my pussy. I was working it pretty good, a little writhing, a little moaning and Frank and Bobby were paying close attention. No one was saying a word. I'm not sure if Bobby was breathing. This went on for several minutes; I was rubbing, moaning, inserting and spreading. Frank and especially Bobby were mesmerized.

Apparently Jim had some experience with this type situation and he knew what I was attempting to do. I was controlling the action and Jim decided he would re-take control. It is very important when involved with multiples you identify and then remember who the lead dog is. I had gotten Bobby and Frank totally engrossed in what I was doing with myself and Jim was feeling less important. He was the host. This was his show. I may have brought the pussy with me, but he had provided it. This is a vital point to remember.

Suddenly he said, "Okay Baby Doll, great show. The game is about to come on, why don't you get us some beers and another glass of wine for yourself."

I slowly got up and walked into the kitchen. When you're the only one naked in the room every move is slowed down and slightly exaggerated. I could feel their eyes the whole way. I got the beers and another glass of wine and put them on the shelf on the window into the kitchen and walked around. I could see Bobby and Frank's faces, both of them were staring at my pussy. I was fluffed and as I walked out my butterfly's wings were slightly opening and closing with each step. I grabbed the beers and walked over and handed Jim his beer standing with my pussy directly in his line of sight, slightly below eye level. He took the beer, smiled at me and said thank you. I did the same with Bobby and he took his hand and ran it down my ass and the outside of my thigh. I smiled at him and turned to give Frank his beer. Frank took his hand and shoved it between my legs. He pulled me so that my pussy was within inches of his face.
