 It was a week after my wife's birthday, and my wife and I were sitting in the Jacuzzi having a couple of drinks talking about what a wild time we had sexually the week before and how hard it was going to be to top. It seemed that we had performed every deed that two people could do and then some.

Just talking about it, plus the drinks was putting us in a very horny frame of mind. We were starting to rub and touch all the important places when my wife said she was going up stairs and shower off and get something she had bought that I had mentioned the week before, I couldn't remember what she was talking about and she wouldn't tell. I told her to go ahead and I'd fix us another drink.

Here's where thing started happing that would change the night from a very good one to a phenomenal one.

I'm fixing the drinks and about the same time I hear the shower water start the door bell rings. When I open the door it's Tim and John, two of my buddy's from work. I can see right off the bat that their about three sheets to the wind. Tim says they came by to see if I wanted to go with them to a card club to play some poker and have a few more drinks. We're standing in the kitchen and I'm just about to say that they picked a bad night, that I have other plans, when my wife comes around the corner and stops short and says "Oh, I thought you were talking on the phone when I heard your voice, I didn't know there was anyone here."

Now we're all standing there, Tim and John who have never met my wife, myself, and my wife who's standing in front of us wearing the sexiest French maid outfit I've ever seen. Thigh high stockings not held up by anything, a very skimpy black dress and top trimmed with white lace, just long enough to cover the bottom of her ass cheeks and the top is pushing her breasts up and you can see the little brown top of her areola if you look real hard. (Which it seems we're all doing.) 

Now I remember talking about her wearing a French maid costume and putting on a show for me while I sat on the couch, sipped a drink, and played with myself. 

We all stand there staring for what seems an eternity, when I finally introduce Tim and John, and tell my wife that they came by to see if I wanted to play some poker.

They both finally look up from my wife's tits long enough to say they can see we're busy and that they're going to take off. Then my wife says "What the heck, some cards sounds fun", why don't they stick around and the four of us can play. I'm thinking, "Dam, I was hoping to get a good blow job, and look what she's wearing".

John asked "Are you sure, it kind of looks like maybe you had other plans." I'm about to say we did when my wife says not at all, let's play. She tells me to fix everyone a drink and she'll be back in a minute. I figure she's going to go change cloths so I tell the guys to find a seat at the coffee table in the living room while I get the drinks.

When I come in with the drinks I see that my wife hasn't changed like I expected, but she's standing on her tippy toes trying to reach the cards and poker chips that are in the TV cabinet in the living room. With her stretched out reaching up like she is and wearing the high heels she has on, I can see that the little maid outfit is pulling up around her ass and we're seeing all there is to see. Since she isn't wearing any underwear, we have a perfect view of not only her ass, but her pussy lips are poking out just enough to where we can make a positive identification. That's when I figure she's thinking of more then just a game a poker. John and Tim are staring so intently that I think their going to cum in their pants right then and there.

She gets the stuff and sets it on the table and heads for the kitchen to get her drink. I follow her in and she turns to me and says that she can't believe how hot it made her knowing that those guys were looking at her ass like that She grabs my hand and sticks it between her legs and says check this out. Her pussy is soaking wet, she tell's me she almost came just standing there. Then she says that she really didn't think I'd bring a couple of guys over like this. I look at her for a second and then it dawns on me that she thinks I set this up on purpose. I tell her that it was just coincidence and that I was just telling the guys to leave when she walked in.

She says oh! What're we going to do then? As she says this I hear a little disappointment in her voice, so I say lets play some cards and see what happens. She brightens and says ok, just for a little while. 

We go back to the living room and I sit on one side of the table and my wife on the other. It just happens that this puts her between Tim and John. We each buy in for 10 dollars and I know I can probably take all the money tonight if I want because I don't think Tim and John can hardly look at their cards with my wife sitting there dressed like she is. She's never looked better. 

After awhile I've got most of the chips so we make the rule that when you lose from now on it's going to cost a piece of clothing or something if you don't have the chips.

Of course my wife loses the next hand, but she says that she doesn't want to take her outfit off but she'll give us a quick look.

I wonder how far she'll go with this when she stands up and pulls the top of her outfit away from her tits and kind of just pinches her nipples which are already hard as little diamonds. I hear John say kind of under his breath "Boy those are nice." 

We go a couple more hands and John loses his shirt and pants. And when he stands to take his pants off you can see even with his underwear on that he's got a cock on him that will rival any porn star, and it's standing at full attention from looking at my wife. And speaking of my wife now it's her turn to stare, and she sits there with her mouth open staring at John's dick till he sits back down. 

My wife loses once again and before anyone can even say anything she stand's, puts one high heeled foot on the table which puts her pussy right at eye level and starts rubbing her cunt with her left hand, she sticks first one, then two fingers in, pulls them out and asks who'd like a taste? Tim gets it out a little faster then the rest of us that he sure would, so she holds out her hand while Tim starts sucking on her fingers.

I don't think I've ever seen my wife in anything close to the fevered state she's in and I start getting the feeling she's about ready to try anything that we'd suggest. And at this moment there are a lot of things that I can come up with. 

We've all had a number of drinks now and things are definitely starting to heat up. Tim wins the next hand and says he wants a feel of my wife's pussy. She gets up and stands next to him with her legs slightly spread while Tim slowly at first and then faster starts rubbing her cunt. She starts rotating her hips around his hand while making little moaning noises until she finely pushes his hand away. I swear, I think she came with just that short touch. She goes and sits back down and says to deal the next hand.

My wife wins what turns out to be the last hand we're going to play and says she wants to see how big that thing between John's legs really is. He stands up and pulls off his shorts to reveal a cock that has to be 11 or 12 inches long and as big around as a beer bottle. She looks at it for a minute and turns to me and asks if she can touch it. I tell her she can do whatever she would like with it. She reaches up and just barely touches it with a couple of fingers and when she does it twitches like it was hit with a shot of electricity. She wraps her hand around it and it's so thick that her fingers don't meet. She starts sliding her hand up and down and John looks like he's gone to heaven. 

Tim stands up and says he needs some of that and stands on the other side of my wife and drops his pants. He look's to have a pretty normal size dick, but next to John's it looks puny. My wife reaches up and grubs Tim's cock too, and now she's stroking the both of them. After a little of this she turn's to me again and asks if she can have a little taste of the pre cum driblets that are on the ends of both of their cocks and I say only if I can eat her pussy while she does. Without saying another word she turns and kneels with her legs spread, I get on my back and crawl between her legs where I can lick her pussy and still be able to watch as she turns her head first to Tim's cock and licks the head and then does the same to John's monster. 

I can't believe what I'm seeing; I've got the best seat in the house for this show as she finally wraps her lips around John's dick and can barely get her lips around the head. After a few minutes of sucking on John's she turns and starts to suck Tim. His is so much smaller that she starts sliding it in and out of her mouth. Her nose is hitting his belly on every down stroke, and from where I'm at I can see she's taking it so deep that her lower lip is touching his balls.

At last she push's up and away from the three of us and says she needs a cock in her. The whole time she's talking she can't take her eyes from John's member so I tell her maybe she should try that one on for size.

She has John lie on his back on the coffee table while she straddles his hips facing Tim and me. She reaches down and rubs the massive head up and down the slit of her pussy which is as wet as I've ever seen it. She spreads her lips and slowly lowers herself down to where just the head is in her pussy, I tell her that this is the biggest and best show I've ever seen, and I'll bet her she can't get all of it in her pussy. She says she she'll take that bet. She asks what the winner gets and I tell her that if I win that I get to cum in her ass and if she wins she gets to be fucked by all three of us till she's completely satisfied. She say's she'll take that bet. Now I figure either way I win.

Slowly she start's working up and down his monster tool, getting a little more in each time. She gets to a point where it's about three quarters of the way in and all of a sudden she start's going up and down faster and faster, moaning louder and louder until she suddenly stops and her whole body starts shaking while she cums.

When at last she stops shaking and can talk again, she asks how she did and I tell her she didn't even come close to making it disappear. She says "I guess you win".

She spins around while still straddling John, but now she's facing him with her ass turned toward me. She grabs John's cock and sticks it back in her pussy, tells me her ass is all mine and at the same time she reaches out and grabs Tim's dick and say's "I want all my holes filled." 

Now she's rocking back and forth on John and sucking like crazy on Tim while I come at her from behind stroking my dick which is all ready as hard as it's ever been, I set the head of my dick against her little pucker opening and push just the head in, thinking I better take this slow, but my wife is starting to go like a whirlwind, she yanks Tim's dick out of her mouth and yells at me to stick it in and quit fooling around. She has to say no more and just like that I'm in to the hilt. I can feel the hugeness of John's cock in her pussy and we start to get a rhythm going, where when I go in he goes out and vice versa. She's moaning around Tim's cock to keep it going, and I think she must have cum ten times while we were triple fucking her like this. 

John's the first one to say he's about to cum, and Tim say's he's right behind him. My wife says she wants to watch them shoot their loads, so we all pull our cocks out of her while she rolls over on her back and tells me to stick my cock back in her ass, she lays there on her back and spreads her legs so I can push her hips back and slide my dick back where it belongs, deep in her ass, at the same time I reach down and start rubbing her clit, then I stick two fingers in her pussy and rub my own cock through her pussy walls.

John and Tim are both standing by her head stroking their dicks like mad, Tim's the first one to start Cumming, and aims his load at my wife's tits, my wife starts rubbing every drop into her skin as more and more keeps spewing from Tim's dick. John start's spurting at the same time, and most of it is going straight into her open mouth, some hitting her on the chin. The amount of sperm coming from John's dick is equal to It's size, and it seems like he shoots a gallon into her mouth, on her chin and, and all over her neck.

This whole time I'm pumping into her ass as hard and fast as I can, and she looks up at me and open's her mouth to show me how much cum she's got in there, then she shuts her mouth and takes a big swallow and smiles at me. This is to much, my cock, sliding in and out of that warm tight place just can't take it any more, I feel like I'm about to blow up, I start Cumming and it feels like I'm never going to stop. I know I've never cum for so long or as hard as I did at that moment. 

I've never seen any thing more beautiful or as sexy and exciting as my wife lying there with a big drop of cum on her chin, her breast's shinny from all the sperm rubbed on them and a naughty look on her face when she tells me "just wait till they leave, then I'll really show you something."