 The guy in front of me is taking way more time than he deserves. Hurry the fuck up, man. Why doesn't she swap him out? Can't you see there's like three of us waiting our turn? You're wearing her out. She could use the safe word, or make the peace sign if she can't speak, and it's party-over.

She really does look like she's enjoying it though. Feet up in the air, she's still playing with herself. Three of us have already finished in her and she's going strong. Maybe this will all work out after all. I really need some pussy tonight.

***

I was at least pretty sure I was getting mugged that night. The Craigslist ad just said "Invitaition to a gang bang" and when I responded I only got an address and a time, and instructions to get tested for STDs. Any sane person would have ignored it. I guess those of us who actually showed up were risk-takers, which actually made a lot of sense now that I think about it.

The suburban ranch style house had several other cars parked out front when I pulled up. I rang the bell and the door opened to a modest living room with two guys on the couch drinking longnecks. The guy who opened the door was also holding a beer.

"Hey, man," he said. "You here for the party?"

"I guess so," I said.

"All right," he said. "We don't really know what's going on yet. There's some beer in the other room."

"Okay," I said, and nodded to the two guys on the couch. They tipped chins by way of response.

I went through the doorway to the kitchen / dining area. There was a cooler with ice and beer on the dining table. Next to the kitchen sink stood two more guys and a woman in a short black skirt and tank top. This must be "Christine" I thought. She was truly beautiful, with long blonde curls and cheekbones any model would be proud of. Her breasts strained for escape against the knit fabric of the tank, and from the tiny tents her nipples made there was no layer underneath. She was wearing simple but tall black heels and on the back of one very tan thigh I could see a tattoo of a dove. I wondered what other ink she might have waiting under her skimpy outfit.

She was locked in a passionate kiss with one of the guys, who in turn had one hand up under her skirt holding her ass. The other guy was watching them, shirtless, sipping a beer, and slowly rubbing himself through his jeans.

I took a beer from the ice chest and twisted the top off. I went back into the living room and joined the other three guys.

"Is that her?" I asked.

"I guess so," said one of the guys on the couch.

"Hot," I said.

***

The Rules

1. No means no. Stop means stop.

2. The safe word is "Kangaroo." If Christine says the safe word, or makes a peace sign with either hand, everything stops immediately. You all get dressed and leave.

3. If Christine safewords out because you hurt her, you won't be invited back and Edgar will hold you while Adam repeats whatever you did on your person. Pain is okay as long as Christine likes it - but be careful that she likes it.

4. If Christine says you're out, you leave.

5. If Adam says you're out, you leave.

6. If you don't have your STD test form and waiver, you leave.

7. Don't rub off your number. We won't remember your name (nothing personal).

8. Everything we're doing here is legal. Edgar is off-duty LAPD. Edgar does not play the game. The second Adam or Christine says you're no longer welcome, you're trespassing and Edgar can and will arrest you.

Those are the shitty rules. Here are the fun rules:

1. Christine is yours to use. All of her.

2. Where you put your jizz is completely up to you. Everyone is tested, birth control is not an issue. Ejaculating gets you one point. Ejaculating the second time gets you two points, etc.

3. When Christine has an orgasm, everyone who's inside her at the time gets one point.

4. When Christine has an orgasm and you're the only one inside her, you get two points.

5. When Christine says "now" you have sixty seconds to come or you move to the back of the line.

6. Adam can tap in whenever he wants. If he does, the guy he replaces gets a point.

7. The game lasts three hours. Time is kept by Edgar.

8. At the end of the evening the guy with the most points gets one hour alone with Christine in the Post room.

Follow the rules and have fun!

***

Oh shit, she's about to come again. Maybe I can... Oh great: that motherfucker Three just took her mouth. That's okay - I can tell she doesn't like him much. She won't let him come in her.

There she goes. Fuck she is sexy when she orgasms. Edgar is marking a point for Four and Three now. Aw, FUCK! Four just pulled out and came all over her ass. That gives him... FIVE. Shit.

***

"What's the Post room?" I ask after reading the sheet that was handed to me, initialing it, and passing it on to the next guy.

"No clue. Ask Adam I guess."

"Which one is Adam?" I look around the living area and into the next room.

"The only one without a number, genius."

Edgar had told us to remove our shirts and used a jumbo permanent marker to write a large number on each of us, on the back of our right shoulder and above our left pec. I was four. It was obvious who Edgar was: the enormous black man in the tight black T-shirt and black cargo pants.

I looked around the room again. One, Two, and Three were the others with me. I went back into the kitchen area. Five was there and Edgar was currently marking a large "6" on a scrawny pale goth type in black skinny jeans. That left one guy: the one who'd been rubbing himself while Christine made out earlier with Five.

Adam was a Greek god. He was about 5'10", tan and fit, with black hair and a squared jaw. I could see that he still had an erection inside his jeans and he looked huge. I wondered if this was more his kink than Christine's because I couldn't imagine that she would need any of the rest of us when she had him in her stable 24x7.

"Adam?" I asked.

"Yeah?" He turned, wearing a half-smile.

"Hey! I'm Mike," I said, extending my hand as I approached him. He didn't make a move.

"Dude. No," he said, but the smile didn't fade.

"Right. Sorry," I said, lowering my hand to wipe it on my jeans. "Hey, a couple of us were wondering what the Post room is."

"I forgot we had some first-timers tonight," he said. "First timers!" he yelled into the other room. "Come with me!" He strode out of the dining area down a hall.

Three of us, me, Two and Three, stopped with Adam at the last door on the right of the hall. 

"This is the Post room," he said. "This is why we're here. When you are in the Post room, there is no safe word, there are no rules, and Edgar leaves the house. You can literally do whatever you want."

"Heh, I bet you guys have some fun in there, right?" said Three as he elbowed me. I could tell that we weren't going to get along.

"Occasionally, yes, but just like you I can only go into the room if I win. That's the game. And, I might add, it's been a while for me..." He turned the knob and swung open the door. An array of track lights around the perimiter of the room lit automatically.

There were a total of six floor-to-ceiling 4x4 posts in the room. Four of them were at the four corners of a normal looking twin bed on one side of the room. There were large eyebolts in each one just above the level of the mattress with a long 1" thick leather strap attached to each one. About four feet above the mattress was another set of eyebolts and straps.

The other two posts were on the near side of the room, about six feet apart from one another. Like the bed posts they also had two sets of eyebolts and leather straps, one at floor level and one just above head level. One of these also had a large hook on each of the four sides about five feet up. The other had an enormous black dong mounted three feet off the floor, pointed toward the bed.

On the wall above the bed was a pegboard with an impressive array of sex tools. Clamps, dongs of all shapes and sizes, a classic Hitachi vibe, a set of chains with rings every foot or so, a riding crop, a cat-o-nine tails, and some spiked drum shaped device along with several others I had never seen.

"That's the Post room," Adam said. He looked thoughtful for a moment. "No matter what happens tonight, Christine gets to spend an hour in there. With somebody."

***

When we got back to the living room I realized that there was not going to be an opening bell or gun to kick off this contest. Christine was on her back on a large coffee table/ottoman in the center of the room. Her legs were spread, her bare pussy just at the edge of the padded surface. If she had ever had panties on they were long gone. To my surprise, she actually had a thick carpet of pubic hair, but everything below the level of her clit was shaved bare.

The guy she had been making out with in the kitchen, Five, was on his knees fucking her. He had one of her big tits in his right hand, and his left thumb was on her clit, his fingers entwined in her pubic hair. Christine's head was back, her eyes closed, her hands above her head holding on to the other end of the large ottoman.

Suddenly she tensed, her mouth forming a perfect "O". Then she let out a little yelp and one hand flew to Five's chest, raking across the number on his muscled chest. He grunted and slammed into her once, twice, then held her hips tight against him as he emptied himself into her pussy.

He withdrew from her, his thick uncut cock slick with his cum and her orgasm. He walked calmly to the dining room. I heard a rattle of ice and a "fisss!" as he opened a beer.

Edgar walked to a whiteboard near the front door and marked three hash marks "III" in the box next to the number five.

***

Yes! Two's going to make her come again. His cock is really big and she likes it up the ass. I'm not really close but I don't have to go anywhere either. She can't say "now!" with my cock in her mouth.

That star tat in the middle of her back is fucking hot. I'm going to try to hit it with jizz later. Two is really giving it to her hard. There she goes, reaching under. My gosh her ass is tight when she tenses up like that.

What is that she's doing with her tongue? I thought it was too soon for me to come again, but damn! She's coming now and it feels like she's turning my cock inside out. I'm about to ... yes, oh fuck yes.

***

All of us were a little stunned except Adam, who walked right up to her, unzipping his pants to let his enormous cock spill out. He took Two's place immediately, and I could see Adam's cock coated with leftover jizz as he started to move in and out.

Christine shuddered and let out another little scream. She grabbed her huge tits through her tank top and squeezed them together as her exhales became slow moans. 

"That counts," Adam said, turning toward Edgar. Edgar looked at Christine and she exhaled deeply and noded. Edgar walked to the board and marked "II" next to Adam's name.

The rest of us wasted no time shedding the remainder of our clothes. Somehow Goth number Six was fastest, and as he arrived at the other end of the ottoman Christine turned her head and took his slender pink cock into her mouth.

Adam began to piston into her faster and faster and I could see droplets of Five's cum and her juices spattering both of their tan and taut abdomens. Christine raised her legs until her knees were at the level of her hips and suddenly I was overtaken by the sheer beauty of the their bodies as they fucked. They were both god-like - two of the most attractive people I had ever met. Here they were fucking in front of me as I took my hard cock in my hands. Unconsciously I drew closer to them, fascinated and completely turned on.

Adam withdrew suddenly and gripped his huge cock with his right hand. A stream of thick cum erupted from his head and splashed across her thick bush. I was completely transfixed by their taut tan bodies, by the sheer sexual power in the room. I had just begun to stroke myself, but a swell in my balls let me know I was past the point of no return. My ass clenched, my core became rock hard, and a rope of jizz flew from my cock and sprayed over Christine's tan abs, her bush, and Adam's cock. 

He looked up at me quizzically. I grinned. Edgar went to the board and marked another "I" next to both my number Four and Adam's name.

***

Adam, Five, and me were in the kitchen, sipping our beers. From the other room we could hear the myriad of sex sounds: slurps, smacks, groans and splashes, but we were in no shape to return to the action just yet.

"So how long have you been... you know?" I asked.

"Since we met," Adam said.

"How does that work?" I said. "I mean, how does something like this come up in conversation?" I was truly curious.

"You don't get it," he said. "This is how I met Christine. At one of her games."

My awkward speechlessness was eased by another loud scream from the other room, then a chorus of grunts from two or maybe three of the others. We could hear the cap come off of Edgar's pen and several strokes on the whiteboard.

"Fuck," Adam said, and strode back to the living room.

***

I've got this! She could come at any moment and I'm close again. If Adam taps me out I get a point and go ahead, and if she comes now that's another point. 

Her asshole is so tight. I'm glad I came once without touching her, because if I'd been in this ass the first time nothing else would have felt nearly as good. I'd have finished the night with my one happy point.

I'm so close... Oh shit, there goes One in her mouth. And Adam is waiting...

***

After two and a half hours, Christine was coated in semen. Her pussy lips were swollen and pink, and half-dried jizz matted her thick golden bush. It had been about an hour since anyone had gotten a point from making her orgasm, and she seemed to be in a kind of oversexed haze.

I was fucking her slowly up her ass, my eyes fixed on the star tattoo centered in her back. Adam and I were tied for first place - eight points each. He had just come in her mouth, though, and was hanging back.

Three of our competitors had given up and left the house. One was still here, and the scrawny Six was like a machine. Even though he'd only come once, he'd managed to stay in the running by somehow always being hard and in one of her holes while she orgasmed.

I pulled my dick out of her ass with a faint "pop" and decided to take a chance. So far, Christine had only been fucked and fingered. As far as I knew no one had tried cunnilingus on her. I bent down and buried my face in her well-used snatch, my nose parting the asshole my cock had just been spreading. She responded immediately, seeming to wake up from a sex fatigue dolor.

My chin and nose coated with my fellow competitors' jizz, I worked her hard and raised up as I felt her orgasm begin to build. As I licked her swollen lips I felt something brush my ear. I looked up and it was Adam, entering her ass where my cock had just been. How he was hard again so quickly I had no idea. Part of me was pissed off, but I couldn't stop eating her perfectly smooth pussy as he pumped her asshole. She tensed, and a huge gob of anonymous semen shot out of her pussy and onto my face as one last orgasm racked her perfect body. Adam's balls brushed my cheek again as he unbelievably filled her asshole with cum.

"Time!" called Edgar, as he marked Adam's winning points on the board. Christine crawled up into a crouch, and looked over at the whiteboard to see the tally.

"Wow," I said to Adam. "Nice move there at the end. You've got some kind of stamina."

He grinned, stood, and took Christine's hand, helping her to stand on her wobbly legs. He led her across to the hall, toward the Post room and his just reward.

I started to look around the room for my jeans when I heard Christine say "Hey! Four!"

I looked up, surprised.

"You're coming too," she said, and followed Adam through the door to the Post room.