  My thanks to oldnakeddad for help in editing this story

When she told me that she had found someone else, it shattered my world. I really hadn't any idea. I'd known that out love making wasn't quite as frequent in the last couple of months, but my workload had increased, and I thought she had understood. Looking back, I suppose, I should have said something sooner, but hindsight is a wonderful thing!

There I was, 4 years on, in my mid 60's and living on my own. It took quite a time to come to terms with the circumstances, but, a year ago, I decided that I needed to move on. I'm a very tactile person, and missed the little moments of closeness, the passing kisses and playful banter of a relationship. Not to mention the more intimate times of skin to skin contact and the lovely time after love making, when you lay cuddling in each others arms.

I tried the internet dating thing, and had a number of dates, but with no success. There seemed to be an underlying theme...Women of my of age, only wanted men as company, someone to go on walks in the park, go out to the theatre, to be there, but not live together. 

So there I was, in the supermarket, deciding which ready meals to have.

"Meals for one then?" I turned to find a petite, dark haired woman of about my age, with a smile on her face, looking at me.

"Yes," I said "I always keep a few in the freezer for when I can't be bothered to cook."

"I know," she said "cooking for one is not all its made out to be. Any one of these that you can recommend?"

I took a moment to look at her and realised that she was quite attractive, with shoulder length dark brown hair, and a smile that seemed to light up her whole face.

"They're all good," I said "it really depends on whether you prefer pasta, fish or meat. I find them better here, than elsewhere, because they have more meat and are slightly bigger. A bit more expensive, but you get what you pay for!"

"Sounds like you've been single for a time?"

"Much too long." Then, realising what I'd said "That sounds terrible, makes me out to be miserable, but it's not easy sometimes."

"Tell me about it. I didn't know how I was going to survive when my ex left me, but life goes on, and here we are."

"Tell you what, how about a coffee, and we can drown our sorrows together?" I asked, smiling at her.

Well, to cut a long story short, we seemed to get along fine together, and agreed to a meal in a couple of days' time. I found out that her name was Katherine, Katy for short, and she lived the other side of town from me. We had a lovely meal, and seemed to have much in common. We even had a little kiss and a cuddle when I dropped her off at her house, after the meal. We exchanged mobile numbers and she promised to be in touch in a day or so, once she had sorted something out. She didn't say what she had to sort out, and I didn't ask. Sure to her word, Katy phoned later the next day.

"Would you like to come by my house, in a couple of days' time, for coffee, as I have something to chat about?" Katy asked. 

"I would be pleased to." I said and we agreed on 3pm in two days' time.

She hadn't given any indication what she wanted to chat about, so I guess I would just have to wait and see.

Thursday afternoon, at a few minutes to 3pm, found me at Katy's front door. Feeling a little apprehensive, and not quite knowing what to expect, I rang the bell. The door opened, and Katy welcomed me in with a bright smile, a hug and quick kiss. I followed her into the lounge and was rather surprised to see another lady there. Katy introduced her as Jean, and rather than shaking hands, she gave me a hug and a kiss on either cheek. Jean was nearly as tall as me, with straight blond hair well down below her shoulders. I've never been any good at ages, but guessed she was similar to Katy, mid 50's to early 60's.

"Sit down and make yourselves at home, and I'll go and fetch the coffee." Katy said, as she disappeared out of the room. I sat down, opposite Jean, and we passed the time with idle chat before Katy re-appeared and put the coffees down on the table, which was between Jean and me.

"Help yourselves to milk and sugar." She said, as she sat on the sofa next to Jean. Turning to me, Katy smiled.

"Well, I expect you are wondering what this is all about."

"I have to say it seems a bit strange, almost clandestine." I said.

"You're not far wrong there." She said. She seemed to be gathering her thoughts, and, after a short pause, looked me straight in the eyes.

"Have you heard of the phrase, 'Alternative Lifestyle', and if so, what does it mean to you?"

Wow, I wasn't expecting that!

"Well...Yes, I have, and to me, it refers to the swinging community."

"That's exactly what I am referring to, as well." Katy continued, "I'm taking a bit of a risk here talking to you like this, so I would ask that you don't go spreading this around, please. We are, Jean, I and others, a small group of like minded, single people, who meet up on a regular basis to have fun. At the moment we are short of men, and after meeting you, I feel that you could fit in." Katy paused to let that last comment sink in.

"I soon realised after meeting you, and it was confirmed on our 'date', that you are, what I would describe as, a gentleman. I hope, as a gentleman, we can trust you to keep this to yourself. From the little snippets of our conversation, I think that you are also, like all of us, finding it difficult not having someone else about." Another pause, then locking eyes with me, she took a deep breath in.

"Despite only knowing you a short time I think, and hope, that I know you well enough to ask you this. How would you feel about joining our little group, assuming you fit in, as I think you will?" She smiled, holding my stare with her light blue eyes.

"Now, I'm sure that this has been a lot to take in and we don't need an answer straight away. So give it some thought, and if you have any questions, then please do ask."

I blinked, and taking in a deep breath, realised that my mouth was hanging open a bit. It took a few moments for all that Katy had told me to properly sink in, but gathering my thoughts, I looked back at her.

"Uum...Well, yes, it's not what I was expecting you to say. Not that I had a real idea what to expect." I said "OK, first I would say that I am very interested in joining your group, although I've never done anything like this before. There are so many questions going round my head at the moment such as, how many is small? How often is regular? Does it matter if I don't attend all the time? How far do you go? Will I fit in? I've not had sex in over four years, will it matter?"

"Whoa, not so fast," Jean said, "we can answer all these questions and many more, I'm sure, as we go along. But just to get you started, there are five women and two men, hence us asking you, and although I haven't met you before, you come very well recommended from Katy. We try and meet at least once a fortnight, and numbers are not an issue. Sometimes, it might just be three or four of us who get together, other times it's all of us." Jean turned to Katy and gave her a little smile and a nod, and then Katy picked up the conversation.

"OK, so as you've expressed an interest, why don't we play a little board game that will give you more of an idea what it's all about, should answer some of your questions, and you can have some fun with two willing women? As for not having had fun in four years...Play the game and enjoy."

"Err...Um...I don't..." I stuttered. "Yes, alright, why not? It sounds good." I said, getting myself together.

Well, this had all been a bit of a revelation to me. Here I was coming to Katy's house, not sure what she was going to say, only to be offered fun, where ever that would go. I had visions of me being ravaged by these two women, lasting for hours until they were completely worn out. What's more likely is, that I'll come in 2 seconds flat, and everybody will be left frustrated! 

"Great! Jean, why don't you go and get the game, you know where I keep it, and I'll explain some of the rules to John."

"OK, I'll be back in a moment."

"Right, so this game can take a long time, as it starts at a level which would almost be suitable for a family to play. However, so we're not here all night, well not today anyway," she said with a wink, "we'll skip the first part and jump straight into the interesting bits. There are two sets of cards to pick up, the second set you don't use until you have lost all your clothes. There are other rules, but we will explain those as we go along."

She was right, this was sounding interesting, if nothing else, it looked like I would be able to see two naked women. I have never had too much problem going naked with someone else. But this was a different ball game and I wasn't sure how I would feel with two comparative strangers. Time would tell!

Jean came back with the game and laid it out on the coffee table between us. It was a fairly low table, so no protection when I start loosing clothing there, I thought. The board looked a bit like 'Snakes and Ladders' but I suspect that's where the similarity ended!

"So we leave the first two sets of cards in the box, and just play with the last set." Katy said. "You throw a dice, and move your counter along the board. You'll see that there are some blank squares, if you land on one of those you get a free round and don't have to do anything. The chance cards are either a question, or an instruction which you are supposed to follow. If you reach the slide and still haven't lost all your clothes, then you slide down it and continue with the chance cards. Other than that, have fun!" She said with a giggle.

"Hold on," said Jean, "before we start, we need to sort out what everyone is wearing to make it fair. I've got six items, if we count shoes as two. What about you, John?"

"I've seven, if I count shoes and socks as four." I said.

I hadn't really noticed, too much, what the women had on, but Katy was wearing a knee length skirt, with a blouse and a light cardigan on top. Jean had on a pair of jeans, and a cardigan, buttoned fairly well up. Nothing in their clothes to indicate that they might be playing this sort of game, but why should they?

"I've seven as well, with shoes as two," said Katy, "so why don't we all make it six each. I'll count my shoes as one, and you, John, can do the same with your socks. Now throw the dice to see who starts, and then we'll go round clockwise."

Jean won, which meant Katy was next, and I was last. Jean started with her counter landing on a chance card square. The card reads, 'Remove an article of clothing'. Easy for the first round, with only a shoe coming off. We continued the round, Katy took off both shoes, as one article, and one of my shoes came off. The next round, Jean took off her other shoe, and Katy her cardigan. My card asked a question.

"What's it say?" Asked Katy.

"When was the last time you masturbated?" I said, a little embarrassed.

"Oh yes, I should have warned you, as these are the third set, the questions are a bit raunchy." Looking up at me she asked. "So when was it?"

"On Tuesday after our dinner date." I said, feeling rather self conscious as I felt the colour change in my neck and face.

"Ooo, did I have that effect on you?" Katy asked.

I suppose, I had been brought up to consider such things as masturbating to be very personal. Certainly not something you discussed, even with friends, and certainly not with two attractive women I'd only recently met. I had never even masturbated in front of, or with, my ex wife, although my last girlfriend and I had occasionally done it together. I found it highly erotic to watch her have an orgasm, but she didn't seem to agree to the same extent. I suppose we all feel differently about things. So I decided not to say anything to Katy, in case I dug myself into a hole, and just smiled at her.

Jean was next, and picked another 'Remove an article of clothing' card. I realised that this was the point in the game when it was going to become interesting, at least for me, if no one else. Jean looked at me, gave me a saucy smile and slowly undid all the buttons down the front of her cardigan. Then she slid it off her shoulders, to reveal a light blue, lacy bra. She didn't have the biggest breasts, perhaps a B or C cup, but still a nice size. I have never have been one for large, porn star size boobs, so good start there!

Katy had a blank round, and I had to remove clothing, so off came my other shoe. Then we're back to Jean, who had a question card, which she read out loud.

"What's your favourite position to have sex?"

"Ooo, that's easy, me on top, I just love the control!" She said.

Katy had to remove clothing, so she unbuttoned her blouse, and shrugged it off her shoulders. For such a small frame, she had a lovely pair of breast, all held in place with a pink bra. They looked just the right size to fit in the palm of my hand and, sitting opposite, I couldn't take my eyes off them. 

"Enjoying the view, John?" She asked, looking at me.

"I certainly am, it's been a long time." I said, "Still, I suppose I better take my turn. The whole game to go yet, and who knows what might come into view." I said, eventually breaking away from the view.

"I just have a feeling you might see something even more interesting, later on." Jean said, with a twinkle in her eyes.

My move gave me a 'Removal' card, so I took off my socks. Jean had another 'Removal' card, would it be jeans, or bra, I wondered. Jeans it was, as she undid them and slowly slide them off her hips. A matching blue thong, which left little to the imagination, came into view. Pushing her jeans all the way down her legs, she pulled them off her feet, quickly folded them, and placed them over the back of the sofa.

This is getting better and better, I thought to myself, as I admired the curve of her waist, and the V left by her hips, as it disappeared under her thong at the front. I felt definite stirrings down below. Katy threw the dice, and picked up a question card.

"Men: have you ever given a blow job. Women: do you spit or swallow?" She read out loud.

"Well, that depends, mostly I swallow, but if the taste is really bad then it's a spit. That's an interesting question for you, John, do you care to answer it?"

I was very aware that both Jean and Katy seemed very easy with stripping and answering the questions. I suppose they've done it all before.

"Strictly hetero, never had any feelings that way." I said. "Although prostate massage, well, that's a different thing all together."

"Ooo, whose the dark horse, then. We may need to go there later." Jean said, with an intended double entendre.

I threw the dice, and picked up another 'Removal' card. Off came my shirt and I began to realise that this was for real. Only two more pieces of clothing to go for me!

"When we get to this point," said Katy, "when removal of clothing becomes revelling, then, you have to stand up, remove the item, and stay there for a time to let all see. So off you go Jean!"

She threw the dice, moved the counter, and picked up yet another 'Removal' card. She looked at me, stood up, reached round behind and unclipped her bra, slowly slipping it off her shoulders she let it slip to the floor. Her nipples were hard, and erect, and I could feel my cock start to grow. I'd love to caress, and kiss, those lovely tits. She gave them a little shake and sat down, which broke my thoughts and brought me back to the game.

Katy moved her counter, and also picked a 'Removal' card. She unzipped her skirt and lifted her hips off the sofa so that she could slide it down, as her pink bikini panties came into view. It had certainly become very pleasant viewing from where I was seated.

Now it was my turn, I threw the dice, moved my counter, and had to pick up a card...Another piece of clothing had to go. I had to remove my trousers, so I undid the belt, slid the zip down, lifted my bum off the chair and pulled them down over my underpants. My semi hard cock made a bulge that was impossible to miss. I'm not huge, with an average length of six inches, and not too fat, not too thin. Tight pants don't hide much though.

"Mmm, nice," said Jean, "that looks inviting."

"All caused by you and Katy." I said, as I turned to her and gave her a little smile.

Jean picked up the dice, threw it, and moved her counter to a blank square.

"Hard luck John, not this time."

Katy landed next on a card square and picked a 'Removal' card. Without batting an eyelid, she unclipped her bra and took it off. Her lovely breasts were there for all to view, well me, in particular, and even at her age, they seemed to sit proudly with little sag. Smaller nipples than Jean, sitting inside dark, pink areolae but still erect and inviting.

Pulling my eyes away, I threw the dice and moved my counter to a card square again. I picked up the card to reveal 'Remove an article of clothing'. So, I'm to be naked first. Oh well, let's go for it! Suddenly feeling anxious that I'd have to show these two ladies my cock, I hesitated for a moment, then stood up, facing the two women. I hooked my thumbs either side of my pants and slid them down. Having to do it first, in front of the women, had caused my cock to wilt slightly, although it was still quite firm but more bending down, then up. I stood still, facing them, waiting for their comments.

"That's OK John, you can sit down, we'll get to look at you closer very soon." Katy said, with a grin. "It looks very inviting, though, and I do so like a circumcised one. So, now that you are naked, you have to pick the other set of cards. We will as well, once we join you naked. Pink pile for the girls, blue for the boys, don't forget. Hope you enjoy, I'm sure you will!"

"Oh, I think I'm going to, with such lovely ladies to help me. Jean, I think it's your turn." I said.

Without even picking a card, Jean stood up, very slowly hooked a finger in each side of her thong and pulled it down. She had a completely shaved pussy and I couldn't stop looking, her lips formed a tight line, clearly visible with no hair to obstruct the view. It looked just beautiful to me.

"Somebody seems to like me." Jean said, as she looked down at my crotch.

I looked up at Jean's face, saw where she was looking, and realised that I was rock hard and sticking straight up. I can't wait to get up close and personal. She turned round and, with her feet apart, bent over to pick up her thong. It seemed to take her a long time to find it, which gave me a perfect view of her pussy, as I'm sure she intended. Her lips glistened with moisture, and were so, so inviting. She turned back round, and sat down with a smile on her face.

"You're next Katy." She said.

Like Jean, Katy stood up without taking her move, turned round, bent over and looked back over her shoulder at me. Then she slowly slid her panties down over her arse. Her bare lips came into view, showing her inner labia pushing out, glistening with the moisture of her excitement. She stood back up and turned back round to reveal a thin landing strip of hair, looked into my eyes, and blew me a kiss, before sitting down.

"Well, now that we are all equal, we'll start on the other cards. You don't need to use the dice, just pick a card from your pile, and follow the instructions." Katy said to me.

"OK." I said, "Here goes." And I picked up the first card from the blue pack.

"Go to the first female on your left, who is not your partner, and, standing up, kiss her on the mouth. Both of you may use your hands. You have one minute." I read out loud.

"I've a thirty second sand timer here." Katy said. "I'll start it when you're ready, and hope I remember to turn it over after thirty seconds!"
