 This is the fourth chapter. If you haven't read the first three, not only are you missing a good read, but also you will have no idea about the plot and characters. This will be the last one in the series for the present time and is longer than others. I have some ideas for new stories but will be different from this series.

Please do vote and leave feedback, it is the only way we, as authors, know if you enjoy it or not.

Lastly my very grateful thanks to amandak921 for invaluable help with editing.

I hope you enjoy your read.

*****

Arriving back at Jean's about 40 minutes later, shaved, washed and in clean clothes, I knocked on the front door. I heard her bare feet padding down the hall, before opening the door. Grabbing my arm, she pulled me inside and reaching up, gave me a long and sensual kiss.

"What was that all about?" I eventually managed to get out.

"You've been gone for ages... And I've missed you." She said with a cheeky smile.

"If I have a kiss like that after just forty minutes, then I'm off all day."

"You wouldn't survive if you left me that long. I'd leave you a quivering wreck."

"It's almost worth it." I said. "On second thoughts, you're probably right and you would leave me a wreck. Would be fun finding out though!"

We went through into the kitchen where Jean had prepared some lunch. Afterwards, having cleared up the dishes, we sat down in the lounge, cuddling up next to each other on the sofa.

"What's going to happen with the club?" I asked. "Are you still going to want to go?"

"I've been thinking about that. Katy's a really good friend and has helped me through some rough times. They're all good friends really and I don't want to loose them." She paused.

"We both know each other well enough now, I think, so no holds barred, truth on the table. I think we should keep going. How about you?"

"I suppose I'm a bit different from you having only just recently joined, and I've always had a fairly - how can you say, relaxed outlook. No, perhaps open outlook would be better. I had no real problem joining the group, bit apprehensive at first but that's only normal. I enjoy sharing my sex and would have readily joined a swinging club with my ex, if only she had been a bit less puritanical. So being part of this group, who are so open with their desires, is great for me. And I really do enjoy the evenings. So how come you are alright with keeping going? I didn't put you down as a swinger, specially once in a relationship."

"I'm not sure, I don't think I would want to try swinging in a club... Possibly with another couple? I think our group is different because we all know each other so well."

Jean bobbed her eyebrows quickly at that last comment and gave me a cheeky, but also sultry, smile.

"Really well." She continued. "I'm happy to give it a try and if for any reason we don't feel comfortable, then we talk. Does that sound like an idea?"

"Sounds like a very good idea. How about, as this is all new, we make a deliberate attempt not to be with each other during the evening? That way we should both have a good idea of our feelings."

"I'll go along with that. Mind you I shall spend the whole evening wanting to jump your body, but it will be interesting to see how I feel when someone else fucks you."

Just then the doorbell rang.

"Goodness, is it three o'clock already." Jean said. "Just remember that Sarah's shy, so treat her gently. I'm sure you will."

Jean opened the door and invited Sarah inside.

"Sarah this is John, John, Sarah."

Not being quite sure how to play it, I moved forward and gave her a light hug and a kiss on the cheek. She returned the greeting. Shaking hands just didn't seem right. Standing back, I saw a fairly tall, five feet nine or ten, dark haired, slender, but athletic, young lady. Her hair was down below her shoulders and she looked at me with a lovely, but rather nervous, smile.

"Hi!" I said. "Come inside and take a seat. This is quite new to all of us, so we are all feeling a little strange."

Coming into the lounge, we sat down, Jean and I on the sofa with Sarah on an easy chair.

"Sarah, can I get you anything to drink? There's wine in the fridge, or beer or soft drinks." Jean asked.

"No thanks, I'm fine."

Sarah was sitting on the edge of the seat, not at all relaxed.

"As John said, we're all a bit new to this and at the moment it seems sort of clinical." Jean said. "I know we only talked about it on the phone, Sarah, but I'm sure you will be fine. Don't worry, we will only go as far as you are happy with going, and if at any time you want to stop you only have to say. We won't mind just as long as you are happy. I won't be there to start, just you and John. So why don't you two go into the bedroom and see where it leads."

I stood up, walked over to Sarah and offered her my hand. Looking up at me, she took my hand and stood up. I guided her into the bedroom and pushed the door to. I thought it might help being in a closed room with just the two of us. Turning Sarah round before she had a chance to sit down, I took hold of her other hand as well. Holding her at arms length I could see what she had on. A simple button down blouse, the faint outline of her bra showing through. A short mini skirt with pumps finished off the outfit.

"Try and imagine you're on a date with me. You're in charge and if there is something you want please ask. More, less, different, the same, anything, just say. So are you alright to start with a kiss and just let the mood take us?" 

Instead of replying, Sarah moved closer to me and tilted her head to mine. Our lips met, very gently at first, learning about each other. Her lips were soft and slightly wet and we played little games, moving our lips around, enjoying the intimate contact. As she drew herself closer to me so that our whole bodies were touching, I very softly touched her breast through the blouse. Rather than move away, which I had half expected, she gave a little moan and pushed even harder into me. I responded with a slightly harder touch and managed to find her nipple poking out.

We broke the kiss and, looking into her eyes, they seemed to smile back at me. Definitely doing something right. I kissed her again and this time drew my tongue along her lips. They immediately opened and our tongues met, exploring the inside of her mouth. I started to undo the buttons on her blouse, slipping my hand inside to fondle her breast. Sarah surprised me again by tentatively rubbing the outside of my jeans. I turned my hips slightly to give better access and let her go at her own speed. I finished undoing her blouse, pulled it out from her skirt and slid it off her arms, exposing a beautiful white, lacy bra.

Breaking our kiss again, I kissed round her cheek to nibble her ear. Moving down her neck, kissing all the way, I reached the top of her breasts. Slipping my hand behind Sarah, I unclasped her bra, slipped the straps off her shoulders and let it slide to the floor. Her pale pink boobs had no sag and the small nipples, already becoming hard, pointed straight out. I moved down to kiss all round her dark pink areola, while tracing the same outline on her other breast, with my fingers.

Gently taking her nipple between my lips, I sucked it in and teased it with my tongue. A soft moan from Sarah was all the encouragement I needed to prolong my assault on her breasts, both with my tongue and my hands, squeezing, rubbing, fondling, and tweaking. Her breathing definitely changed as the moans became louder. At the same time as I enjoyed those lovely firm soft breasts, I managed to undo the belt round her mini skirt and slid the short zipper down.

Kneeling down in front, I freed my hands and slid the skirt down over her hips. A matching white lacy thong came into view, barely covering her pussy. Standing up, I pulled her in close, running my hands down her back to her hips. Sliding over her buttocks, I gently squeezed and caressed her bum cheeks. They felt very firm and muscular, but at the same time beautifully smooth and rounded. All her hockey had certainly paid off, her whole body felt tight. Leaning into her, I whispered in her ear.

"I really want to eat you, to see and love that pussy of yours."

She gently pushed me away, making me wonder if I had gone too fast. Instead, she reached down and undid the button on my jeans and pulled the zip down. I kicked my shoes off as she grabbed my jeans, sliding them all the way down. Dropping onto her knees, Sarah rubbed her hand over the outline of my stiff cock, before gently taking hold of the elastic of my boxers. She pulled the elastic out and over the tip of my prick, before pulling my boxers down, exposing me to her. She stopped, gazing at my very stiff member and then tentatively touching it with her fingertips. I twitched at the touch, my cock springing up to hit my stomach. Slowly curling her fingers round the shaft, she gently moved her hand up and down. The feeling of her soft, small hands on me was electric making me groan out loud. Sarah looked up at me with a radiant smile on her lips.

"I do love cocks, they feel so strong, yet soft, at the same time."

I reached down, and with my hands under her elbows, guided her up and hugged her close to me. I felt her firm young breasts press into my chest as our lips met again. Breaking away, I kicked the jeans and boxers off my feet, before taking her hand and walking her over to the bed.

"Sit yourself down on the edge of the bed and lay back." I said.

Kneeling down, I took hold of her thong and slid it down her legs and off her feet. Placing her feet on the bed, I gently opened her thighs to give me the first proper view of her pussy. It was a tight thin line with no hair, with just the hint of moisture. Looking up to her face, I saw a slightly worried look.

"It looks beautiful." I said with a smile.

"Is it alright?" Sarah asked. "I shaved it before I came, it's the first time."

"It's perfect. I feel honoured to be the first to see it."

Moving closer, I was aware of the heat coming off her sex. Kissing slowly down her left thigh, I moved over the top of her lips and up her right thigh. Kissing back down to the bottom of her pussy, I slowly and gently licked up the length of her lips, running my tongue lightly over her clit. Her stomach muscles twitched and she gave out a little moan. Repeating this several times, I could feel her outer lips start to fill with blood. Pushing my tongue deeper inside, I dipped into her love hole. Sarah gasped at the sudden intrusion, but didn't attempt to stop me. Pulling out, before driving back in, I attempted to fuck her young and tight pussy. I then slid back up to her clit, which was now standing out, hard and erect. Flicking around it with the tip of my tongue, she gasped out loud.

"Ooo yes. That feels good, soo good!"

I moved my tongue back down to fuck her pussy, before repeating my assault on her clit. Changing the sequence, but always keeping contact with her sex, I felt her arousal rising. I had my hands firmly clasped round her bum and hips in an effort to keep her still. Even so I had trouble keeping contact with her lips as she bucked around. Clamping down on her hard nub, I sucked it into my mouth, drawing the length of my tongue over the sensitive tip. Suddenly her hands gripped the back of my head, as she pushed my face into her crotch.

"Oh, God. I'm cummmii ..."

Was all she managed to say, her hips leaving the bed, as her orgasm surged through her. Her legs and hips shook and trembled, her pussy lips fluttering, as wave after wave hit her. I tried desperately to maintain contact, as I continued rubbing her clit with my tongue, her nub still inside my mouth. Eventually, with her legs still trembling, she relaxed back onto the bed and I broke contact with her pussy. Sarah lay still on the bed, the aftershocks still travelling through her body as her legs trembled, eventually opening her eyes.

"Wow!" Was all she said.

"More to come." I said.

I had been gently massaging her pussy, with my fingers, all this time and as she hadn't pushed me away, I lent back down to kiss her wet lips. Her puffy outer lips were now coated in copious amount of her moisture, which I eagerly lapped up. The sweet, yet slightly bitter taste, nectar to me. The smell of golden blossoms of roses mixed with the pungent aroma of sex, an aphrodisiac to my senses. I renewed my assault on her pussy with my tongue and mouth, moving up and down between her lips and clit. Gently pushing my middle finger inside her, her pussy muscles gripped me as I invaded her inner self. Sliding forward, trying to find the area of slightly rougher skin, I rubbed back and forth several times. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Jean come back into the bedroom, naked as the day she was born. She stood watching from the side of the bed not wanting to interrupt.

Sarah gasped, tensing her stomach muscles and jumping each time I rubbed over her sensitive spot. I slid out and pushed two fingers inside. God, she was tight, making it difficult for me to move. Eventually, as she relaxed, I continued to rub over the inside of her pussy wall. Sucking her clit into my mouth at the same time, I teased her hard nub. As her excitement rose, I continued to stimulate her on two fronts, not moving away as she bucked about the bed. I could sense that this was a big one, as her hands again gripped my head so hard it almost hurt. Her hips coming off the bed, mouth open as if to say something, she hung there for a few seconds, motionless. Then her eyes rolled up, she let out a howl and her hips and legs shuddered and trembled, as the orgasm hit. Her inner pussy muscles pulsated around my invading fingers, as I struggled to maintain any sort of contact. As wave after wave of excitement stimulated her body, she eventually flopped back onto the bed in a dead faint, her legs still trembling. 

I slid my fingers out and managed to move her up the bed in a more central position, lying down beside her, my arm resting on her stomach. Jean came and sat on the other side. Slowly Sarah came too, with a far away look in her eyes. Looking over at me, she gave a smile that lit up her face before locking lips with me in a very warm and passionate embrace.

"Wow! I have never, ever come that hard. Don't know what you did, but it was sensational." Sarah paused.

"Will you fuck me now, please? I really want it." She asked.

"I would love to. You are such a sexy young lady, it will be my pleasure."

Moving over on top of her, she parted her legs in open invitation. Looking down at her pussy, her puffy outer lips were still covered in moisture. A thin landing strip of brown hair pointing down from her stomach. Resting on one elbow, I took hold of my rock hard penis with my other hand and rubbed it up and down her sex, using the fluids there to coat my head. Pushing forward against her inner lips, I gently squeezed inside. Her lips clamped round my shaft as her muscles gripped my dick. I paused, letting her become accustomed to my intrusion.

"Alright?" I asked.

"It feels huge, but yes, OK. I want more though."

As her muscles relaxed, I slid in further. She was so tight, but yet at the same time she seemed to be sucking me in. Pulling out, I slid back in some more. Repeating a few times and I was finally buried deep within her hot, wet, tight but soft, hole. The sides of her sheath seemed to grip me the whole way down, I don't ever remember being in such a tight pussy. I kissed her on the lips before raising up on my arms to get a better angle.

"Ready?"

"Yes, please!" She replied.

"Not sure I'm going to last long. You are so tight."

I slowly withdrew, then just as slowly slid back in, or should I say, was sucked back in. I set up a slow, steady rhythm and felt Jean's hand slide between us. Sarah opened her eyes in surprise, but soon closed them again as Jean found her clit. The combined effect of Sarah's hot pussy and the pull of her tight muscles soon had me on the way to a finish. Sarah didn't seem far behind, with Jean helping her on the way. All too soon I felt the familiar tingle, signalling my impending orgasm. I sped up, driving faster into her tight pussy, as I heard Sarah's breathing shorten and became erratic. 

Her nails dug into my back, her legs trembled as her own climax flowed through her body. Her inner muscles pulsated round my shaft driving me to my peak. My orgasm hit me, my cum racing up my shaft to pump into her love hole. We grasped each other, our lips meeting as the culmination of love making kept us on a pinnacle of joy. My cock eventually stopped shooting white liquid deep into her body. Legs still trembling, her pussy lips fluttering, her muscles tried to draw yet more semen from my dick. Eventually she relaxed and drew me in close, her breast pressed against my chest, still heaving from the effort of our love making.

We lay still together, regaining our breath, my cock gradually shrinking as blood flowed back into my body. As it slipped out of Sarah's lovely warm pussy, I rolled over to lay beside her. She looked at me as a huge smile lit up her face.

"That was amazing. I knew it should be good but had no idea how good it can be. Thank you John, if ever you're single, come and find me."

"Sarah, it's been a pleasure getting to know you. You're a very sexy woman, even if you don't think you are. Any man would be very lucky to know you, I just hope that you find the right one."

Sarah reached down while we were chatting and took hold of my cock. Try as she might she wasn't having much success in arousing me.

"I don't think you will have any success." I said. "At my age I need time between. I will tell you about a very good way to arouse your man though. You should sit up, facing your man with your legs apart. Lean back against the headboard or some pillows, this will show your pussy clearer."

While I was explaining this, Sarah was following my instructions. I now had a lovely view of her wet and wonderful pussy only feet in front of me.

"Now all you have to do is masturbate until you come. Easy to say, but many women find it embarrassing to do. If you can manage to overcome any embarrassment, remember no faking, you need to come. Most men will find this very exciting, and will be standing up to attention way before you finish."

Sarah hesitated to start, obviously not sure if she could in front of me.

"Don't worry Sarah, it's not easy, especially when you don't know John. Not sure I would be happy doing it and I know him a lot better than you do. But I can see that it would have the desired effect. Even if you do manage to bring yourself off, I don't think John would be able to continue. To be honest, it was a fairly active night." Jean said with a twinkle in her eyes.

"Too much information!" I cut in.

"I do find it a bit difficult." Sarah said. "Do you really think it would work, John."

"Oh, I'm sure of it. Even just sitting here looking at you, I can feel it having an effect. Us men are very visual beings, and watching an attractive young lady please herself is bound to have the desired result. If not, then he probably doesn't deserve you anyway. If you want more now, then I suggest you have a word with Jean."

"Oh! Not sure I could do that either." Sarah exclaimed. "I've never been with a woman and I don't have any desire to. Sorry Jean, you've been left out."

"No problems, this was all about you, and I've still got John. That's if he's not completely exhausted after being with you. No, really, it's quite OK, don't worry about it."

"Well, if you're sure. I've had a really great time, but I had better be going. School tomorrow and I still have a little preparation to finish. Thank you John, and remember if you're ever single ..."

Sarah let it hang in the air. Then, getting off the bed, she dressed and gave me a very warm kiss. Saying goodbye to Jean with a kiss on the cheek and a cuddle, Jean saw her out of the front door, wrapped up in her dressing gown. She came back into the lounge, dropping the dressing gown on the way, and sat down beside me on the sofa.
