 Chapter 2: The First Box

Shortly after finishing dinner Todd stood and invited us all into the living room for drinks and what had ominously came to be called "The Game." We all filed in sitting fairly close since there were so many of us, except for three couples who decided to excuse themselves. One of these I would like to have gotten to know much better: the wife was a redhead with perky little breasts, but there were plenty more to go around. 

Three couples chose to leave so Deb carefully chose 6 cards to take out, reading each one and throwing them into the fireplace. Then as we drank and made small talk Deb announced it was time to begin. She stood and passed around the first box from which we all drew a card. Each card was sealed in a small silver envelope so no one could read theirs before their turn, then she and Todd drew their cards. Going from right to left, we were to read our card aloud and follow the directions on the card. 

The wife of the first couple, a stunning brunette named Shirley, with nice legs and small firm breasts opened and read hers. "I am to French kiss the person directly across from me for 2 minutes, then remove their shirt or blouse." That person was a young guy named Bill, and he was grinning from ear to ear as she walked over to him and pressed her lips to his, sticking her tongue deep into his mouth. Todd timed it and at 2 minutes he announced "time's up," however they both seemed very reluctant to break the kiss until his wife said "Ok you two time is up!" We all laughed heartily at their embarrassed looks when they broke the kiss. Then she unbuttoned and removed his shirt. 

The next one was her husband David, and he opened his card and read it: "Remove your partner's underpants and fondle what you find for 1 minute." David seemed a little relieved as he told Shirley to stand, removed her silky bikini panties, and started to openly fondle her pussy in front of us all. We counted off 1 minute and then watched intently as he withdrew his glistening fingers from Shirley's slit. She just whimpered a little as if not wanting him to stop. 

The next person sitting next to David was John, well built enough to be an athlete. Tall and muscled with dark black hair and a thick mustache. I would guess all the ladies were hoping the card would direct him to them. He opened the silver envelope and read it aloud and his face turned beet red from shock. The card read "bare the bottom of the person to your right and plant a wet kiss on both of their ass cheeks- do this on your knees. The person's ass you kiss must leave their bottom exposed for the rest of the evening."

John instantly objected and we all started to coax him saying it could have been any one of us. As he continued to object Deb said, "John, you agreed and besides we are all friends here, so get to it." Deb was very persuasive and John got David to stand and he got on his knees and unhooked David's pants and unzipped them. David then turned around and John pulled down his pants and his half hard cock sprang out: all the ladies looked very pleased at the size of David's cock. 

John slowly brought his lips to first one cheek, then the other and stood up but Nikki blurted out "No that won't do. It said a wet kiss and his ass is dry." We all chimed in chanting, "Get it wet, get it wet." John reluctantly got back on his knees and kissed David's ass again, this time leaving a glistening spot of saliva on each cheek. He then sat down, as did David, only leaving his pants and underwear at his ankles.

After John completed his task, his wife Sylvia, a nice looking woman with fairly average features and a decent body, opened her card and read it "Pick someone of the same sex and give them a deep French kiss and remove their shirt, blouse or dress." She looked around and then walked over to Nikki and asked her to stand. Of course, Nikki was all for it and almost jumped into her arms, allowing Sylvia to circle her arms around her and lock her into a deep, passionate, kiss for a couple of minutes. Then Sylvia released her and turned her around to unzip her dress and very slowly lowered it leaving Nikki bare down to her panties, garter belt, and stockings.

This went on for a while with others doing various sexy things, such as one nice looking blonde had to lick and suck her partners toes after removing her top; another guy had to French kiss James and remove his pants, James was openly bisexual so this didn’t bother him at all. This went on until it came to Nikki and I. She opened her card and read it aloud "You must suck the tits of the woman of your choice." To repay Sylvia she went over and pulled her low cut top over her head. She then began to suck her little titties like there was no tomorrow. This went on for about three minutes until Sylvia was almost screaming for her to stop!

I knew it was now my turn, and considering what everyone else had to do I was more than a little nervous, as well as anxious, to see what I had to do, and to whom. I slowly opened the card and read it "You must fondle the cock of your host until the group tells you to stop." You could have heard a pin drop as my throat went dry and I looked at Todd. I thought "how am I gonna get out of this?" And of course the answer would be "no way!"

So as casually as I could, my hands shaking, I went to him and sat on the floor by his chair and reached up and started to fondle him through his boxers. His cock was rock hard and his breathing was heavy. There was a little giggling from the girls but the guys were very quiet, realizing that this could have been them. I then reached into his shorts to bring out his cock, and as I did he drew in a sharp breath. I think we both thought someone would say "stop" but they didn't, as I started to run my fingers up and down his shaft. Then I started to fondle his balls and sack and about that time he started to jerk, squirting his semen into the air and on the floor in huge jets.

Soon enough he stopped and lay back in the chair, momentarily spent. Everybody was very quiet, digesting what had just happened and realizing "The Game" would just get more intense from here out. Deb said, "Why don't we take a breather and get some air and freshen our drinks? We will resume in a few minutes." All the couples stood up in various stages of undress, and started to move around getting their minds around what was going on. And even more important, what would happen next!

To Be Continued...