 If you haven't read the first chapter, I suggest you do, as it introduces some of the people and sets the scene. It will allow you to understand chapter two better.

You may remember that we left John in bed with Katy and Jean

*****

"That was a lovely way to spend an afternoon," I said, "so is this what normally happens when you all meet?"

"Well, we don't usually play that game, but the rest of the time is pretty much like this, yes." Katy replied. "Has this managed to answer any of your questions then?"

"It's certainly given me an idea of what to expect. So when's the next meeting then?"

"That keen are you?" She said. "Well, it's Saturday week, ten days time. At the moment everyone's said they're coming, so it'll be a full house. We'll meet at Pen's house, usually starting about seven in the evening. I'll give you the address before you leave." 

The three of us were still on the bed together, and as we spoke, Katy had cuddled over to me. Laying on her side, she put her left arm over me and slowly played with my cock. I put my arm round her shoulder and my hand 'just happened' to rest on her left breast. She looked up at me with a smile on her lips and I couldn't resist giving her a kiss. As our mouths met, a tingle went through my body, and I gently pushed my tongue against her lips. They opened enough to let me in, and our tongues rubbed and played a little dance. Her lips smooth and gentle as she played with my mouth.

I made circles round her areola with my finger, tracing the outline on her breast, before I gently rubbed across her nipple with my thumb. It started to harden into a firm peak as we kissed, with Katy giving a low moan which vibrated on my tongue. As we broke away, a voice on my other side said.

"My turn!"

I turned my head towards Jean and her mouth met mine, while she laid her right hand on the side of my face, pulling me further over to face her. This was a firmer kiss than Katy's, and our tongues started at once to rub together. My right hand found her breast, and I gently massaged it, as I tried to concentrate on doing two things at once. Her kiss was really passionate, and I lost myself completely in the excitement of the moment, revelling in the softness of her lips.

Eventually we pulled apart and I looked into her eyes. A smile spread across her lips, which seemed to light up her whole face, causing her eyes to sparkle. I realised that Katy was still slowly massaging my still limp cock.

"Not sure you are going to have much luck there." I said to Katy. "Coming twice in a couple of hours has wiped me out for some time."

"That's all right, it's just good to be able to snuggle up to a man." She said.

"Tell me about it! The lack of contact of a naked woman lying beside me, has been one of the hardest things about living alone." I said.

Changing the subject I asked.

"So what about this next meeting? Do I need to wear anything special? What about food and drink, should I bring something?"

"No, nothing special as far as clothes are concerned, probably won't be on for very long anyway." Katy said, with a wink. "Sometimes the women dress up for the occasion, we'll have to wait and see what happens next week. As for food what we usually do, if there is a large number of us, is put some money into a kitty, which goes to whoever is hosting the evening. We tend not to have alcohol, the men find it can be a bit of a problem rising to the occasion," she gave a little giggle, "and none of us are really bothered if we drink, or not. Plenty of soft drinks from which to choose though."

Jean moved and stood up on the bed, her feet apart to give her balance. My eyes moved up her legs to rest on her pussy. Standing as she was, I had a perfect view of her lips, a small globule of my semen was seeping out. Her outer lips were still quite puffy from our recent activities, and I was beginning to feel like a second run. Tearing my eyes away, I moved up to her beautiful breasts. They looked very inviting, and I knew it wouldn't take much encouragement for me to take her in my arms.

I continued up to see her looking at me, with a smile on her face, that seemed to say, come and get me.

"Don't tempt me," I said, "or we might be here all night!"

"That works for me," she said, "though I'm not sure about work tomorrow."

Untangling myself from Katy, I stood up and took Jean into my arms. She pushed her hips into my body, so that my still rather limp cock was squashed against her pussy. Her breast brushed against my chest, as our lips met again. After a long, and very passionate kiss, I pulled apart.

"As much as I'd love to continue this," I said, "I have to be up very early in the morning, so I think we had better not start again. It's been a wonderful afternoon and evening, and I really have enjoyed it. Can't wait for next Saturday!"

"Oh, the pleasure's been all ours." Jean replied. Turning to Katy, "is there anything else John needs to know?"

"Just Pen's address, I think. If there is anything else, you have my phone number, John, so just give me a ring."

Jean and I climbed down off the bed, and I held out my hand to Katy, as she sat up on the side of the bed. Taking my hand, she pulled herself into me, squashing her breasts into my chest. Standing on tiptoe, she raised her face up to me, as our lips met. Moving her hips side to side, her pussy rubbed across my dick. She groaned quietly as we kissed, our tongues playing games with each other. Breaking away, her right hand dropped down to my cock and rubbed it up and down. I felt it start to fill out, which only encouraged her to rub faster.

"Are you sure you don't want to stay?" Katy asked, looking up at me with large puppy dog eyes, as she rubbed the head of my cock with her thumb.

"No, I'm not sure," I said, "but if I don't leave now I'll never get up in the morning. It's certainly very tempting, though."

I reluctantly moved away from Katy, as my cock slid through her hand. I turned round and walked towards the door. Turning back, I saw Jean and Katy were following me. I looked at those two sexy, naked ladies as they walked towards me like two prowling felines. Their breasts jiggled up and down as they moved, their pussy lips in full view. It took all my resolve to turn round and walk back into the living room.

Finding my clothes, I slowly started to dress, as I watched Jean as she looked for her clothes. She bent down, her back to me, as she picked up her clothes. Staying there a little longer than necessary, I had a clear view of her pussy, still with the remains of my semen along her slit. Standing up, she turned round and gave me a knowing smile.

"You don't make it easy for me." I said, as I slipped my finger along her pussy lips, finding them still wet, slippery, and hot.

I moved away from Jean, so that I could finish dressing. She slipped on her bra and thong, finally hiding her most private parts from my view. Meanwhile, Katy came back into the room, still with no clothes on, and gave me the address of Pen's house. Sliding her hand across my cheek, she gave me a slow, gently kiss, before moving away to find her clothes.

"Well, I think you're going to fit in fine with our little group." Katy said, as she fastened her bra. Sliding her panties up her legs, I had a last look at her pussy. Looking up at me, she hesitated, before pulling them up.

"Sure I can't tempt you?"

"Very easily and if the rest of the group is anything like you," I said, "then I'm sure I won't have a problem. Thank you for such an enjoyable time, Saturday week can't come soon enough!"

"Would you like a lift home, Jean?" I asked, as she finally buttoned up her cardigan, before tying her long, blond hair in a pony tail.

"Thank you, that would be good. It's dark outside now and I don't fancy walking home alone"

We gathered our things together and, with a final kiss goodbye to Katy, went outside to my car. I held the door open for Jean, as she sat in the passenger seat, and then went round the car to the drivers side.

"So have you been single long, then?" She asked, as I started the engine.

"It's been four years," I said, "and you?"

"Two years since I left him, but he'd been very controlling for some years before that. I suppose I should have left sooner, but you always hope things will change."

"I'm sorry!" I said, "never easy to break a relationship, but sometimes it's the best way out."

I drove on in silence for a while, as I relived some of the exciting events of the time spent with these two women. I pulled up to a small block of flats on Jean's directions.

"This where you live, then?" I asked.

"Yes, that's me. I would ask you in for a coffee, but as you've already said that it's an early start, we better not. How about this Saturday, are you doing anything?"

"Oh, I would love too, but I'm off to see my son this weekend. It's his birthday next week and I promised him and the children I would come up."

"That's all right," Jean replied, "It's only ten days 'till we all meet anyway. Thank you for this afternoon and evening, I really enjoyed myself. I'll see you soon then."

She lent over to me and our mouths met. Taking hold of her shoulder, I pulled her gently into me, reluctant for the kiss to end. It had been so good to be close and personal to female company again. I eventually moved away not trusting my will power, it would have been very easy to take her in my arms and start all over again. I went round the car and opened her door, as she gathered her handbag.

"Take care!" I said, as our eyes locked, a smile spreading across her face. "See you in ten days time."

I watched her walk to the front door of the flats, and then got back into my car and drove home. What an afternoon and evening! And all because I couldn't decide which meals to choose in the supermarket. Wow, life certainly was looking better. All I had to do now was to wait until Saturday week!

The ten days seemed to drag by! Even remembering the fun times I had with Katy and Jean didn't do much to help. I had a bit of a dilemma about what to do, as the week wore on. Should I desist from relieving my sexual frustration, so that I was 'fully charged' for Saturday or, should I continue right up to, and including Saturday, so that I might last a little longer. I finally decided on the first option and hoped that I wouldn't make a fool of myself. I've never been one for lasting ten or twenty minutes before coming. Once the urge is there I can't really stop. Us men and our insecurities!

At last it was Saturday and, after doing a morning food shop, I spent the afternoon getting ready. I had decided to wear a smart pair of jeans and a casual shirt, without a tee-shirt underneath. As Katy had said, they probably won't be on for very long. Well, I was hoping so anyway.

I arrived a few minutes to seven, and managed to park the car on Pen's drive. There were only a couple of cars already parked. By this time the butterflies had really started, and I sat in the car for a few moments to gather myself. It was strange because I was really excited about the evening ahead, but at the same time apprehensive. Loads of opposing emotions racing round I suppose. I climbed out of the car, went up to the front door and rang the bell. It quickly opened and I was greeted with the familiar face of Katy.

"John, lovely to see you, glad you made it, come inside out of the cold."

I stepped inside straight into her arms. She gave me a big hug and a kiss, pushing her hips into me, before allowing me into the house. I saw that she was wearing a LBD, or little black dress, which was held up by two very thin shoulder straps. I couldn't be certain, but by the feel of her breast against my shirt, I didn't think she was wearing a bra. The dress was fairly tight fitting and ended about two inches above her knees.

"So how are you doing?" She asked, "not too nervous, I hope?"

"Well, just a few butterflies. I've never done anything like this before, so I suppose it's to be expected."

"You'll be fine," she said, "just try and relax and enjoy yourself. Jean's already here, Pen's in the kitchen, she'll be in soon, and Bill and Sam are in the living room with Jean. Roger will be along soon and that's it for tonight. Deirdre, Dee, can't make it as she has a heavy cold, and didn't want to pass it on to everyone."

Katy showed me into the living room and Jean came straight over to me. Putting her arms round me, our lips met in a very passionate, but fairly short, kiss. With my arms round her all I could feel was bare body, there didn't seem to be any clothing until the dress at her waist. As she abandoned the kiss, Jean whispered in my ear.

"I really missed seeing you this week, seeing all of you!"

I turned my head to look at her, and saw that 'come get me' smile.

"I know how you feel. I realised after I dropped you off, that I didn't have your phone number. Didn't like to phone Katy in case I seemed too eager. Must make sure I have it before we go tonight. You look lovely." I said quietly.

She was wearing a pale blue floral dress with a halter top. Two fairly narrow strips, tied behind her neck, partly covered her breasts with plenty of side boob showing. From the amount of bare back, I had felt earlier, I realised that she couldn't have a bra on either. Her dress flared out below her waist in pleats to finish somewhere just above her knees. Her blond hair free, dropping down past her shoulders. Make up subtle and light, just enough to enhance her blue eyes.

Just then Bill and Sam came over and introduced themselves.

"You must be John, heard a little about you from Katy. I'm Bill, by the way, and this is Sam." He said, as he shook my hand and gestured towards a fairly short lady, with jet black shoulder length hair.

She was wearing a dark purple, off the shoulder, long dress. But that wasn't what caught my eye. For such a short lady, five foot two or three maybe, she had very large breasts, which seemed to be fighting gravity to leap out of her dress. It was very low cut in the front and showed a deep cleavage with large amounts of pale flesh. I'm not really into large boobs. I like breasts as much as any man, but in moderation. There was something about Sam's however, that seemed different. Perhaps it was just her size compared to her bosoms. She came over, gave me a quick hug and an air kiss on either cheek.

"Hi Sam. Hi Bill." I said, "afraid this is all a bit new to me, although I did have just a little introduction from Jean and Katy a few days ago."

"I can just imagine what that was like." Bill said with a smile, "surprised you're still alive with those two being let loose."

"Hey," said Jean, "We're not that bad. I think he had quite a good time actually. Didn't hear any complaints anyway."

"And I've come back for more, so it can't have been that bad. Seem to remember you became quite vocal on a number of occasions too." I said to Jean.

"What me? No, must have been Katy, complete decorum, that's me." She said with a giggle.

Just then Katy and Pen came in, with trays of drinks and snacks, and put them down on a table at the side of the room. I hadn't noticed before, but all the furniture had been moved to the edges of the room. This left a large free area in the middle.

"John this is Pen, Pen John." Katy introduced us, as we shook hands.

Pen was a professional looking lady with short, black hair. She was wearing a red dress, which had a zip down the front, one of those that goes up from the bottom and down from the top. She had unzipped the bottom so far up, that as she walked, I caught a glimpse of red knickers. However, what really piqued my attention was her colour. A deep olive skin with a very oriental, or perhaps south east Asian, looking face. Extenuated by the subtle use of makeup around her eyes, she looked stunning. To add to the intrigue, I could clearly see her nipples pointing through the dress, so no bra as well.

"Right," said Katy, "as you know, Dee can't be with us tonight as she has a bad cold, so all we're waiting for is..." At that moment the front door bell rang. "Roger." She finished.

As Katy went to let him in, I took a moment to look round the room. There was a slightly raised area at one end, about the size of a king size bed, covered with a sheet. There were half a dozen pillows scattered upon it, and a small low table to one side. On top of the table there seemed to be what looked like two or three vibrators, a bowl, and a couple of tubes. No doubt all would become clear in time. The rest of the floor area was empty and covered in a soft carpet.

I looked over at Bill, who was standing talking to Sam, he was about the same height as me, with close cropped hair. A stocky build, he always seemed to have a smile on his face. We all turned as Roger came into the room, as he greeted everyone as old friends. He was probably the youngest of us all, looking nearer forty five to fifty. Roger was tall and looked fit, with a black tee shirt and jeans on. He greeted me with a firm handshake.

"Hi, you must be John." He said, "nice to meet you."

"Hi," I said "good to meet you too."

"As I was saying, now that we're all here, let me formally introduce our newest member to the group. John here has, on very good authority, I'm told," Katy said, looking pointedly at Jean, "a very talented tongue."

That caused a little mummer from the ladies and as I looked around, Bill gave me a wink and a knowing smile. Jean just stuck her nose in the air and refused to be drawn.

"Right, let's start then." Katy continued. "There are a few drinks and snacks behind, if needed, and, of course, the main ones in the kitchen. I suggest a little game of musical chairs with a difference to get us going. We'll sit the three men on chairs and the women go round the outside. When the music stops, you have to find a lap on which to sit. As there are four women and only three men, it'll mean each time, someone is left out. You then have three minutes to remove one article of clothing from each other. Men to start, taking an article off the lady, and the ladies follow."

"After three minutes the music will start and off we'll go again. When you don't have any more clothes to take off, you will just have to find something else to do to occupy the time."

That brought a little chuckle round the group.

"We finish when there aren't any more clothes to come off. The last man you sit on will be your partner for the first part of the evening. The lady who doesn't have a lap can join any pair she chooses. No shoes, socks, tights, stockings or anything else to be worn on your feet, so off they come now before we start. Is that all clear?...Good."

I took my shoes and socks off, along with everyone else. Pen put out three chairs, facing outwards, about three yards from each other, in a rough shape of a triangle and Bill, Roger and I sat on a chair each. Roger behind and to my left, with Bill to my right. I would have to turn to see either of them. The music, with suitable pauses, was set up on a computer, so once started would run by itself. With the ladies in a ring around us, Pen started the music.

"You'll hear a beep from the computer to indicate the start and end of the three minutes." Said Pen, as they all started to move round us men.

The ladies went round a couple of times before the music stopped and there was a mad dash to find a lap. Katy landed sideways on my lap, and I saw off to my left, that Jean was still standing. Before I could see anything else, a loud 'beep' came from the speakers. Realising that it signalled the start of the three minutes, I quickly slid the two straps off Katy's shoulders.

Finding a zip at the back of her dress, I slid it down, before grabbing her round the waist and standing her up. The dress slipped down and as I guessed, she had no bra, her firm, pert boobs coming into view. I moved down onto one knee, bringing the dress down with me, and took the opportunity to kiss and gently suck on a nipple. It brought an instant reaction, as she pushed her chest out into my mouth.
