 Chapter 14: Threesomes Fun

Rachel and I spent the morning plotting and the afternoon shopping. Rachel was enjoying herself and was filled with excitement and nervous energy. And truthfully I was enjoying the 'first time high' vicariously through her. We began our day at the mall in Victoria Secrets, and I think we confused more than a few clerks who could not decide if I was a super liberal mom helping her daughter pick things out or a lesbian into young women. 

We browsed through a variety of lingerie and provocative underwear without really finding something that was 'perfect'. We had discussed different ideas for the fantasy and the mechanics of how we would 'play it', but never really settled on anything concrete. The only thing we decided was that is should be very visually arousing with a quality of unreality and fantasy to it. 

After coffee we went to shop for inspiration. An hour later we had yet to find it.

We stopped at Starbucks for more caffeine and over double Latte's the only thing we had purchased was a candle and a large bottle of lubricant. Rachel sighed and said, "Jeez this is harder than I thought." She was not complaining, and rather looked like she was enjoying herself despite our inability to find any 'costumes' worthy of a very crazy fantasy. 

"Don't worry Rachel", I said, "We will find something." 

She smiled and said, "Looking is kind of fun. It is actually kind of a turn on."

She blushed a bit and I grinned back and said, "Anticipation is a turn on."

"God it is isn't it." She replied with fervor. "Ron must be dying."

I laughed and said, "I hope so. If I was not such a cool chick, I might rip his balls off for even suggesting such a thing."

Rachel giggled and said, "You would never rip off his balls. You like them too much. Besides, fucking me isn't really THAT out there for a guy's fantasy. Is it?".

I laughed and said, "Well no, but fucking your girlfriends teen age niece is not something most guys suggest, even if they think about it."

"Hey I am almost 20."

We both laughed at that and then Rachel said with a gleam in her eye, "You know I have an idea."

I said, "What?" and she only stared through me. Clearly she was thinking and I could almost see devil's horns appear over her head.

"What???" I asked again.

She only smiled and took my hand. "Come with me. I know a store where I think we might find something fun."

She took my hand and pulled me out of the Starbucks and into the mall. She was nearly running in her excitement and I nearly spilled my coffee. "Slow down", I called.

She turned and was grinning like the devil and said, "Oh he is going to love this. And so are you." 

"What?!?", I asked.

She smiled again and started to tell me. Her words were spilling out of her faster and faster as she went. After a few minutes we were both smiling and then we were both hurrying through the mall. 

I did love it. It was an interesting idea and I wondered how Ron would react. I looked forward to finding out. I had a feeling this was going to make his fantasy even dirtier than he imagined.

* * * * * * * 

Three hours later we returned to my apartment with enough bags that we nearly both collapsed from carrying them from the cab to the door. Rachel went to the fridge and got a bottled water and handed one to me. 

"Damn we went a little crazy." She giggled. 

"Yes we did, but I can't remember having so much fun."

"I know. I have been excited, horny and nervous all day." She said as she took a big swig from the water.

I laughed and said, "I know what you mean. This is all a little crazy and seems to just keep getting crazier.".

"I know; Part of me can't believe this is really going to happen."

I nodded and said, "Are you really sure you want it too? I mean this has been really fun: the plotting and shopping, but it can end right now if you want to." I said.

"I know. I have thought about it off an on today. I mean it's a huge turn on 99% of the time, but 1% of the time I keep thinking 'what the fuck are we doing?'". 

I smiled at her and said, "Rachel there is no pressure here. I can make this all go away and never even tell Ron you saw the email." 

She considered for a moment and said, "I know." And then her eyes drifted off in thought again. After another moment and another drink of water she smiled and said, "It's just that I don't want anything to mess things up with you and him; and I am not sure I will be that great of a fantasy."

I was confused and it showed. "What are you talking about hun?" I asked.

She shrugged and sat next to me at the couch. "Well you know, I have done a lot of new stuff as you know, but I have only been with three guys for real. I would hate to disappoint him and mess up the game."

I took her hand in mine and said, "Rachel, you don't have to do this."

She smiled and said, "I know, but I kind of really would like to. I just am nervous. What if he doesn't like it? Or what if I can't be 'all that'?"

She was trembling a bit and I finally said, "Rachel why don't we call this off. No harm; No foul. No one has to know anything."

She smiled at me and said after a moment, "We would know."

I nodded and said, "So what?"

"I would always wonder, I think. And I would fantasize about it forever. Wouldn't you?", she asked.

I considered her question and said, "Yes probably, but sometimes fantasy is not such a bad thing."

She laughed and said, "Do you really want to bring him home for Christmas ten years from now and know I am thinking about fucking him while we eat turkey? Let's face it; he's probably here for the long run even if you don't want to admit it yet."

I laughed. I couldn't help it. She had such a way of cutting through the bullshit. I had not consciously considered ten years out with Ron until that moment. But she was probably right.

"What's your point?" I asked.

"Just this, if we do this now, it will probably be a fantasy fulfilled for everyone and then you two will move on to a new one. Maybe I will too. If we don't do this, it will always be in our heads, and it might fuck things up between you two." She said.

I sighed and said, "Rachel as important as that is, I don't want you to get fucked up. That is what I care most about."

She smiled and said, "It's not me I'm worried. God the thought of the fantasy makes me quiver. I really want to do it, but what if I am not all that great a fuck? I mean I know guys my age like me, but I've only been with three for real and let's face it, Ron has seen some shit."

I laughed and asked, "Is that really what you are worried about?"

She stared at me and said, "Well yeah a little."

I laughed again and said, "Let me tell you about a shower I took with Ron before our little party at his house."

I told her and she giggled at all the good parts. When I was done she asked, "He really said that? No shit?"

I smiled and said, "No shit."

She thought for a moment and said, "Fuck it then. I need two hours to get ready. Call the pervert." She then got up and began collecting bags of things off the floor.

"Hold on. You want to do this tonight?" I asked.

"Fuck yes. I could never sleep if we didn't. Call him. Tell him to stop by and 7. Besides, we might surprise him since he just sent that email this morning."

I couldn't disagree with that logic.

I shook my head and reached for my cell phone. "Fucking crazy", I muttered to myself as I dialed.

We had discussed how to handle the call and I took a deep breath a second before he answered.

"Hey babe it's me." I said into the phone.

"Oh hey there. How's it going?" he answered a little confused. We had agreed that we would not see each other for a couple of days.

"Good. Hey you want to come by tonight?" I asked without further explanation.

"Um sure, I guess. Is everything okay?" he asked a slight tension in his voice.

"Yeah, I just want to talk to you about some stuff." 

"Anything serious?" he asked fishing.

"Maybe, just come by at seven."

"Okay." He said a little bewildered.

"I have to go now. See you tonight.", I said changing the direction of the conversation before he could get his bearings and ask more questions.

"Okay, but I am a little worried. Are you sure you are okay?" he asked.

"Fine hun. I just need to talk to you." I said. "Meet me at my house at seven."

"Okay".

And I hung up.

I took a deep breath wondering how I did. Rachel stood at the edge off the hallway leading to her bedroom. She had been listening.

"Bravo" she said. "He thinks you might rip his balls off over the email, but there has to be a very small part of him that is praying it's something else. Let's give him both tonight."

I laughed and said, "Damn we are evil bitches."

She laughed and said, "Yeah but being bad can feel oh so good. Now give me an hour in my room and then you can come see 'the magic'."

I smiled and said, "Okay I am going to shower then."

"Cool", she replied as she bounced down the hallway toward her room with the last of our shopping bags.

* * * * * *

I took my time in the shower, enjoying the hot water and making sure that I was squeaky clean and well shaved. I stepped out into the steamy room and toweled off. I wondered what Rachel was doing in her room, although I had a pretty good idea from the 200 dollars in things we had purchased. 

'This is pretty out there', I thought to myself and smiled relishing the inherent nastiness of it. This was going to be a fantasy I could never have pulled off, but Rachel could. Jesus I was wet already. I blushed alone in the bathroom as I realized how turned on I was by the idea. What did that say about me? 

'Fuck it' I thought and brushed my teeth.

Before I was done, a light knock at the door followed by Rachel's head popping in. 

"All done", she said smiling. 

I looked at her in the mirror with my tooth brush in one hand. "I will be right there." I said smiling.

She grinned and said, "Nice ass, by the way." And bounded back to her room.

Two minutes later I put on a robe, left the bathroom, and plodded down the hall to see what she had been up to. I turned into her room and stood there stunned. 

Her room had been completely transformed. The bed was made with a pink and white bedspread with two large stuffed animals, a bear and an elephant (don't ask me why an elephant), sitting atop the frilly pillows. Above the bed were three posters of rock bands, one was of Christina Agulera, one of Brintney, and one of a boy band I didn't recognize. 

The rest of the room featured a bean bag chair, more stuffed animals, some more posters, and some CD's she had strewn around the stereo. But most stunning was Rachel herself. She was dressed in white nylons, a plaid skirt that was maybe an inch too short but not much more, and a pink t-shirt that said, "Hottie" in bright pink letters across her breasts. Her hair was tied back in two pony tails and she wore hint of too much make up.

I stood there transfixed. 

She twirled and said, "What do you think?"

I laughed and said, "You look like a 16 year old slut in holly hobbies playhouse from hell".

She giggled and said, "I was going for 15. So do you think this will make Ron's fantasy kinky enough?"

I laughed and said, "I don't know if I should be turned on or grossed out."

She laughed and said, "Don't worry; I bet you lean toward 'turned on' in the next hour."

The truth was I was turned on right then.

I looked at the clock and saw it was 6:40. Shit I had to get dressed. I went to my own room and put on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt. Ten minutes later, "Holly Hobby" as I called Rachel's alter ego and I were plotting again. 

* * * * * * * * * * 

Rachel made a last minute judgment call and ditched the white nylon stockings going for the natural bare legged (and panty-less) look under her short skirt. She looked so sexual in her tight shirt and short skirt. As we talked I saw her nipples hardening under thin fabric.

The knock at the door came at 7:02 and Rachel and I froze staring at each other across the living room. This was it and we both knew it. After a moment of hesitation and a brief look of doubt, Rachel smiled and all reservations were lost. She tweeked her nipples to make them harder and moved toward the door. I slipped back into the bathroom per our plan. My skin was flushed and my nipples were erect. My heart was pounding with excitement. I quietly slipped out of my clothes wanting to be naked as I watched.

I stood in the dark bathroom with the door cracked. I could see down the hallway and into part of the living room, including the front door.

Rachel opened the door and smiled and said non chalantly, "Hi, Uncle Ron".

It was the first time she had ever said that, and I could tell by the look on his face that it took him off guard. Rachel said, "Aunt Sara's in the bathroom, but come on in."

She moved away from the door and sat on the couch and turned on MTV. Ron entered the living room tentatively never taking his eyes off of Rachel's body. Rachel for her part ignored him.

"You look... er different", he said tentatively.

Rachel turned and considered him and said, "Just trying out a new look. Do you like it? Some people have said it makes me look younger."

Ron hesitated not knowing what to say for a moment and then said, "Um yeah it does actually. You look very pretty."

Rachel turned back to him again and said grinning, "Come sit."

Ron sat on the far side of the couch from Rachel and she immediately slid up next to him. She put her arm around his shoulder and said, "I also redecorated my room; you want to see it?"

Ron's face was a bit flushed and I wondered if he was turned on. After a moment he said, "Um ... sure". 

Rachel got up and led him to her newly re-decorated room. Ron followed her tentatively and stood a few feet inside her door.

"So what do you think?" she asked. "I like it; it reminds me of my room at home when I was in high school."

Ron smiled, taking it all in, and said, "I am glad you like it."

Rachel moved behind him and closed the door but didn't latch it. I sneaked out of the bathroom and crept down the hallway. My excitement was building with each passing moment. 

I peered through the small slit in the door. Rachel was sitting on the bed and said, "Uncle Ron can I ask you a question?".

"Sure Rachel." Ron replied sounding a bit confused.

Rachel smiled and said, "Well I was on the computer for work this morning and I accidentally read an email from you."

Ron's face went pale and he said, "Um Rachel that was something for Sara and I am sorry you got it by mistake. I don't know how to explain, but it's just a game and......"

Rachel cut him off with a smile and said, "Uncle Ron I have not asked you a question yet." Ron shut up and stared at her. "So my question," she continued, "Do you want to fuck me?"

Ron stammered, "Um Rachel like I said, I'm sorry about the email, but let me put it in context at least..."

Rachel stood and moved close to him and said, "It's a yes or no question."

Ron looked down at her and I could imagine the conflicting feelings he was having. Rachel was arching her back slightly letting her breasts push toward him. She smiled up at him, a little too close to be casual, but not so close as to destroy her look of sexual innocence.

As she moved close to him it seemed to give him courage and he finally said, "Yes."

Rachel smiled and began unbuttoning his shirt. "Rachel, I am not sure...." 

Rachel cut him off with the tweak of his nipple. "Shut up Uncle Ron. Don't talk anymore; just relax. I'm going to fuck you and all you have to do is pretend I am what I look like", she whispered. 

Rachel slowly undressed him as he stood there silently. I saw a brief moment of hesitation go through him and his hands stopped Rachel's. 

She looked at him tentatively as if to say, 'What?'

I was mesmerized watching them. My nipples burned with desire and I was wet. 

After a moment Ron said, "Um I can't do this Rachel; we can't do this."

Rachel made a pouting face and said, "Why not?". 

Ron sighed and said, "Rachel that email was for Sara and I am so surprised and flattered that you acted on it. But its between Sara and I not you and I. I can't say that I am not tempted, but I won't do this, this way."

Rachel moved closer to him and whispered seductively, "And what way would you do it?"

I was shocked, but also felt something inside me for Ron that was way beyond sexual desire. In that moment I understood that he thought I was not aware of what was happening even though I had called him. I am sure he would have figured it out if he was not so distracted by Rachel.

He wouldn't be with her if it was not with me. I probably would not have cared if he had and just considered it another fantasy explored; after all I had not always included him in my sexual experimentation. 

In that moment, I realized two things at once. My first realization was that Ron had far more will and strength than I could ever hope to achieve. I could never have said no. And second, I was so deeply in love with him that it hurt to think about. 

Both realizations rocked through me and I felt dizzy and aroused simultaneously. I wanted one thing more than anything else: to give Ron his fantasy and make it so intense that he would never ever forget it.

I pushed the door open and slipped into the room. Both Ron and Sara turned as I entered. For a moment a look of guilt crossed Ron's face and then it was surprise to see me naked and moving toward him. I went to him and kissed him gently on the lips and then pulled him into a fierce hug. He hugged me back and tears welled in my eyes. I only wanted to feel close to him. I kissed him again harder this time, my emotions rolling but changing to lust as our tongues intertwined.

I could feel his cock hardening as I kissed him, all doubt gone in what I wanted. I stroked him through his pants, kissing him harder. I forced myself to break our kiss, but did not let go of his now rock hard cock. I looked at him and smiled. I said, "I love you."

He smiled and said, "I love you too."

I loved hearing that and then smiled wickedly and said, "Now fuck my teen age niece 'til she can't walk."

I turned and saw Rachel watching us from two feet away. I smiled at her and a flicker went through her eyes and I felt that she was looking inside me and knew that something had changed in me. 

And then I turned back to Ron and backed him to the edge of the bed. I gave him a soft shove and he half sat, half fell back onto Rachel's bed. I smiled at him and then turned to Rachel and said, "Suck his cock."

Rachel grinned and stripped out of her t-shirt as she approached him, all pre-text gone. She was ready and wet. Her skirt fell next and she was naked.

I watched as she kneeled between Ron's legs as he lay back on the bed. She leaned forward and unbuttoned his pants and worked them down. He kicked a bit to help her and then his pants came off. She then peeled his underwear down revealing his hard cock. She took it in her hand and stroked it gently.

I knelt behind her and pulled her auburn hair back gently. I straddled her calf that was folded back behind her, my pussy against the thick muscle of her calf. My right knee between her legs, my thigh pressed against her pussy. I felt her wetness against me and knew how aroused she was. 

Rachel leaned forward and put Ron's cock into her mouth. I watched her lick his head gently and then up and down his shaft flicking her tongue. 

I rubbed her naked back gently and kissed her shoulder as she went down on him. I watched Ron suck in his breath in pleasure as he watched both of our faces between his legs and felt Rachel's magical mouth on him.

Rachel put the tip of his cock in her mouth and sucked gently. I watched her and then she amazed me. She leaned forward and in one slow motion pushed Ron's cock down her throat. I could only take half of him, but she swallowed him to his balls. I watched, stunned, as her throat flexed around his cock and she held him deeply in her throat for what seemed like ever. 
