 Chapter 3: The Second Box

As we all stood around in various stages of undress trying not to be self conscious it was apparent that there was a great deal of sexual tension in the air. Everyone was furtively eyeing everyone else, wondering, I suppose, if and what we would be required to do when The Game resumed. 

Nikki, being her normal sexy self, wandered around shamelessly though bare to the waist, her magnificent breasts bouncing freely for all to see and making some of the ladies envious. She walked over to where Todd, Deb and me were talking and blurted out "Baby that was so fucking hot watching you jack Todd off. It blew my mind when he shot his load on the floor," licking her lips in approval. Both Todd and I turned beet red as Deb & Nikki had a good laugh at our expense. I finally worked up a smile and said "Yea but the tables may turn when the second box opens my dear." Deb was smiling and pinched Nikky's bottom and said "God I hope so. I would love to have her face in my crotch," then she kissed Nikki on the side of the neck, squeezing a tit and making her jump a little.

Then Deb looked at us and said matter of factly "Time to let the games begin don't you think?" We all nodded our heads in agreement as we might as well get this over with.

Deb and Todd called everyone back to the living room where she produced the second box and opened the lid. This time it had gold envelopes. As the box passed around the looks on the other guest's faces were priceless. Everyone seemed to be trying to figure out what was in each envelope by mind reading or something. 

After we all got our envelopes Deb announced the order would go the other way starting with her and ending with Nikki & myself this time.

Deb casually opened her card and read it "You must give oral sex to the person the group chooses until they climax. First remove all of their clothing as well as yours." Deb actually seemed excited about this. She said "why don't I get ready as you all decide who it should be?" With that she stood and pulled her white silk blouse out of her skirt, slowly unbuttoning it while walking out to the kitchen as we chose a partner. 

While she was out we first decided it was to be a woman and then we let the girls decide it should be Brenda. She came to the party with James and we all suspected she was bi-sexual as well, so it wasn't a hard choice. Brenda was a very nice looking blonde; she kept her hair cut very short with an athletic body, kind of petite but very nicely proportioned. We called Deb back in and she stood there in all her naked glory. Her breasts were average, but very firm and a gorgeous ass and legs, and this fiery red hair that just set off her looks so well. 

As she walked in Brenda stood and Deb walked right over to and ordered her, instead of asking her, to remove her clothes. Brenda grinned and exclaimed "Yes Ma'am!" With that Deb stood behind Brenda to unzip her blouse and slowly pull it over her head. Then she reached around to unhook her bra clasp in the front, squeezing her breasts as it opened. Then she moved in front of Brenda and knelt down to unzip and remove her denim skirt, smiling as she pulled it down to reveal a sexy pair of lacy thong panties that matched Brenda's red blouse. As she lowered these there was a sharp intake of breath from Deb as Brenda's scent caught her nostrils! As soon as she stepped out of her panties Deb planted her face into Brenda's crotch and started to lick and suck at her sex. Brenda was breathing heavy as she lowered herself to the floor to give Deb better access to her pussy. When she did Deb really got to work, bringing Brenda to a sharp climax very shortly bathing her face in her juices. Deb just smiled and asked Brenda "Did I please you Ma'am?" To this Brenda just leaned up and kissed her deeply licking some of her own juice off Deb's face. 

The next was Todd; he nervously opened his card and read "fuck the ass of the person down three seats to the left of you." This was a very quiet woman with a serious air about her named Jan. She seemed a little surprised, but quietly stood and removed her black dress pants and just bent over the couch for Todd. Deb handed Todd a tube of KY and he took down his pants as he moved over behind Jan. His big erection was bobbing as he walked over behind her and we all had a good chuckle at this. Jan's husband Don was grinning from ear to ear and he told Todd "You are gonna love this, Jan really loves anal sex." At this Todd just smiled as he lubricated her rear opening and his cock. Todd didn't waste any time but spread her ass cheeks and slid his cock in with a pop! As he began to move into her, Jan pushed back against him causing his cock to bury into her puckered asshole to the hilt. Obviously Don wasn't kidding about his mate's love for anal! Todd kept pumping into her as she kept screaming "Harder, harder dammit!" He tried to keep up but it was too much, as he exploded into her ass in a very short time. Todd just barely managed to hang on until Jan got off from his anal invasion. As his cock softened and fell out of her ass, she just smiled at him and patted his now soft cock and said "Thanks Hon" With that Todd just laughed along with the rest of us. 

Now it was Don's turn. He was just really an average guy (or so we thought) with thick brown hair and average looks. He opened his card and it "read pick a person and strip them. Then fuck their face and give them a good facial with your cum." He stood and looked around and settled on Sylvia. He walked over and helped her to undress then to her knees in front of him. When he dropped his jeans and boxers we saw that Don was anything but average. His cock must have been 11 inches half erect and 3 inches around! Sylvia just went wide eyed at this monster in front of her but none the less she circled it with her hand fondling his huge cock and started to lick the head as it grew harder. When Don got fully hard she could barely get her mouth on it. More than one woman was enjoying this show, wishing it were her I imagine. 

Sylvia licked and sucked at the head of this huge cock and finally got it into her mouth a little and started to do her best to blow him. She would suck a little then jack him off. This went on for about 5 minutes until Don started to moan and grabbed the back of her head, trying to force as much into her stretched lips as he could. Then suddenly he pulled out, shooting a flood of cum all over her face, almost coating her entire face in sticky white cum. As he finished Sylvia licked his cock clean and tucked it back into his jeans and gave his crotch a little pat. Nikki went to her and started to lick the cum off her face and kissed her passionately. She told Sylvia "before this night is through I want to make love to you, alright?" Sylvia smiled and nodded OK. 

Other couples had to do their part with James getting ass fucked and others in different scenes, but all to soon it was my turn. As I shakily got out my card and looked at the envelope Nikki smiled and said "Go ahead lover, let's see what is your pleasure tonight." I opened the card and almost passed out. Deb was smiling, as she knew by process of elimination what the card said. "Well Perry" she asked "What's it say as if I didn't know" she winked at me. I read it aloud "You are to strip completely as everyone else clears the coffee table. Then you are to get on the table on all fours as your mate blisters your ass with 10 strokes each from a crop, a hairbrush and a paddle. If you should cum you must lick the table clean. After this you will retire to a corner with your hands above your head. Every half hour there will be a drawing of the ladies in attendance to see who will give you 10 more strokes with one of the above-mentioned implements."

As I had dealt out some pretty severe spankings to Nikki I could only imagine what was in store. I stood, hands shaking, as I removed my clothes and Deb brought Nikki the things she needed to spank me. The coffee table cleared, I climbed up on it my cock standing at full erection. Nikki just smiled as she walked around to look me in the eyes holding the solid oak, wide-back hairbrush and said with an evil grin "Oh sweetie, your poor bottom is going to be on fire from all this." Then she kissed me on the cheek and raised the hairbrush high in the hair bringing it down with a crash against my bare buttocks! Crack, "You had better count dear, so I don't do too much" she said. 

"One!" I cried out. Smaaaack smaaaack smaaaack "two!, three!, four!" This went on to the ten and through the paddle my ass was on fire. Then Nikky got the riding crop. "Oh Perry, this is really going to hurt!" Slaaaaaap slaaaaaaap slaaaaaap! On the third slap I could hold out no longer, as I came in huge jets on the top of the table. Nikki said "Oh Baby, looks like you got some cleanup to do when I finish." Craaaaack! She brought the crop down again and again on my bare burning ass and when she finished she stuck my face right into my own cum, making me lick up every drop. After this the corner looked pretty good as I stood there. Behind me I could tell the party was now in full swing, as it seemed everybody was fucking everybody. 

After a while it got quiet and suddenly Jan walked over with the paddle and said, "Guess what time it is?" She grabbed me by the cock and led me to a chair, pulled me over her lap and raised that paddle high and as I tensed up she brought it down hard on my already reddened asscheeks Craaack...I knew I would not soon forget this night!