 The next morning would be a day to stay indoors and think of activities to keep the three of them busy.

Mike and Jo entered the living room to find a roaring fire and a beautiful snow flurry outside that left the trees covered in a new dusting of snow. Tom sat in front of the fire looking out the window. The fresh smell of coffee permeated the air. Mike and Jo walked in the room, mesmerized as they walked towards the giant picturesque window. 

"Have you ever seen a lovelier site?" Jo said out loud but to nobody in particular. 

Tom had a carafe of coffee on the table with two empty mugs that he was now filling, "You missed the morning break as the sunlight illuminated the outside. It was breathtaking. Fuck the seminar. Let's just stay here all week."

Jo laughed, "This IS something to wake up to every morning, but I think a day or two of this and we will go stir crazy."

Mike took a sip of his coffee, "I'm willing to take that chance."

The three sat on the couch with their feet propped up on the coffee table. They watched the snow fall until the last of the coffee was poured, "The well is dry boys who's going to get up and make a new pot?"

The two men looked at each other and in unison turned to Jo, "You are."

Jo sat back on the couch with confidence as she crossed her legs at the ankle, "Remember Mike, I have the pussy and unless you're perfectly happy with your right hand then I suggest you get up and put on another pot."

Mike got up. "Shit, I hate when she pulls the pussy card." he said under his breath as he strolled towards the kitchen.

Tom watched Mike head to the kitchen, "I guess you were wrong Jo, you AREN'T the only pussy here."

Jo and Tom clinked their coffee cups together as if to high five each other. Mike turned back to the both of them with a smile, "Fuck you both." They all began to laugh.

Jo looked out the window, "It looks way too cold out there. Let's stay in and enjoy the day."

Tom held up a book, "I have my date right here."

Jo looked at the book, "Oh no you don't Tom! You're going to talk with us and we're going to watch movies and play games."

They finished their coffee and headed to their perspective rooms to shower and change for the day. Jo and Mike shared a shower. They soaped each other up and Mike attempted to lift Jo up and onto his hard cock. "No Mike! I don't want to smell your cum dripping from my pussy all day."

"Ah come on babe, just a quickie? I promise I will eat every drop of cum and have you fresh for the day." Mike pleaded with her.

Jo pushed him back, "No! We'll play later. Go stick your dick in the snow that should cool you off."

They finished getting cleaned up and got dressed in loose fitting sweats. Mike wore his usual tight V-neck T-shirt with black draw string bottoms, opting to go commando. Jo slipped into a black sports top, no bra, and deep purple lycra pants, which outlined her camel toe nicely since she too chose to go commando. Both had the same idea, to drive each other to a sexual frenzy all day.

They reconvened back in front of the fireplace. Tom was wearing a baggy t-shirt that was hung over a baggy pair of gray MIT sweats, and no socks. Tom's feet were very large and white with long slender toes that appeared to be perfectly manicured. Tom didn't even look up at the two as he continued to read his book. Jo walked past him, grabbing the book in one swift motion, "HEY?" yelled Tom.

"I told you that you are not going to ignore us. We are going to enjoy each other's company, even if it kills you." Jo said as she tossed his book on the coffee table.

Mike began rattling pots and pans in the kitchen, "Play nice you two."

Mike made a nice breakfast. He served it on the couch in front of the window. The view continued to keep each of them captivated. They finished their breakfast and sat back sipping their coffee, "So Tom, do you miss Mike's sister?" 

Tom put his coffee cup in his lap, "What brought that on? Dana and I haven't seen each other in a couple of months."

"Just because she went away to school I didn't think you needed to break up." Jo pushed.

"Why? Did she say something?" Tom quizzed her back.

"Dana and I talk nearly every day. She does miss you. Actually, I think she said something about 'missing that big piece of prime beef between his legs'." Jo started laughing.

Mike got up, "I think I'll go wash the dishes. I don't need to hear about my sister having sex with Mr. One-hung-low."

Tom turned beet red, "Nobody wants, or needs, to hear about my sex life."

Jo laughed, "It's not your sex life I want to hear about. I want to know if she is full of shit or telling the truth about your dick."

"That's for me to know and you NOT to find out!" Tom said as he took a nervous sip of his coffee.

Mike chimed in from the kitchen, "Oh it's true. That fucker has a dick on him that I would kill for."

Mike caught himself, "I mean that I want it for me. I mean ON me. Shit! I would kill to have a dick like that!"

Jo lifted her coffee cup to her face to avoid showing her smile. Mike was thinking about Tom's cock. She knew he was horny and it wouldn't take much to get him thinking kinky thoughts. Mike finished the dishes in the kitchen but kept wiping the counter down and keeping his distance. Jo called Mike to join them again, "Come here baby, the dishes are done and you're going to scrub a hole in that countertop."

Mike tossed the rag in the sink and walked back to the living room. He walked slumped over before he quickly sat down. Mike was attempting to hide his hardon, and was now wishing he had worn a jockstrap. Mike crossed his legs on the couch to better hide his predicament. 

His poor attempt to conceal his cock did not go unnoticed by Jo, "Come on boys whip them out and let's compare. I showed you mine."

Both men covered their crotches in reflex as they both told Jo "NO!". 

Jo laughed at them both and they moved onto another conversation, for now. After watching a movie together they ordered delivery service for lunch. They ate their meal and Jo was ready to start playing again. The sun broke through the clouds. The snow stopped falling leaving a fresh white blanket all around them. The deck was dusted and the steam from the Jacuzzi was inviting. Jo threw the paper plates away, announcing that she was going to change and sit in the Jacuzzi. Mike was fast on her heels.

Jo and Mike got to their room. Mike reached around Jo cupping his hands over her breast. Jo slapped them away, "Oh no you don't. You've been a bad boy today. I just wanted to see you and Tom compare dicks and you chickened out. It's not like I was asking you to get on your knees and suck his cock, though that would turn me on."

Mike's head bent down in shame but his cock sprang up and tented his pants, "Come on Jo you aren't really serious are you? Tom wouldn't go for that."

Jo turned to him and pressed her body against his. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her stomach, "So you aren't opposed to it? Oh Mike you don't know how wet that makes me. Just thinking of you holding Tom's cock in your hand makes me want to cum." Jo kissed his chest before she turned, dropped her pants, and flashed him her gorgeous ass. 

Mike felt the cold damp sensation in his pants as his cock shifted against the wet spot that formed in his pants. He couldn't get Tom's cock out of his head. He would do anything to make Jo happy, and if she could get off on it then all the more reason to go along with anything Jo wants.

Jo was quick to change into her bathing suit, if you can call it that. Her top was so small that it barely covered the tips of her nipples. The bottom was just a string that went in the crack of her pussy and up her ass. "You're going out like that?" Mike protested.

Jo walked past him and grabbed his hard cock through his pants, "Looks like you don't mind one bit. I put your suit on the bathroom sink." Jo kept walking out of the bedroom. Mike watched her exposed ass as she continued down the hall and then down the stairs.

Mike dropped his pants and stepped out of them as he walked to the bathroom. He was surprised when he picked up what he thought might be a wash cloth on the counter. Mike held it up to his hard cock, "This will never fit," he said out loud. Mike slipped on the suit. Like Jo's, his ass was fully exposed and the string riding in the crack of his ass felt strange. His cock was barely covered by the small nylon pouch, but it was tight enough to keep his cock from popping out. Mike felt sexy and was thinking how hot it would feel to be on the deck with the skiers watching.

Mike ran down the stairs to meet Jo outside. He was quickly reminded of the weather as he opened the door leading out to the Jacuzzi. He felt his nipples stretch out as they hardened and his balls retreated up to his throat as they searched for warmth. Jo was alone and had that same look she did the night before, just before she asked about Tom. Mike shot her a look back that said he didn't know. He automatically turned around and headed to Tom's room to make sure he was coming.

Mike knocked louder on Tom's door this time, though he really wanted to catch him naked. Mike heard Tom yell through the door that is was ok to enter. Mike came in, but this time it was Tom that was shocked at the site of Mike being nearly naked. His well sculpted body even made Tom take a quick once over of Mike's body. Tom was perched on the bed with his book in hand and swim trunks on. "Come on Tom let's go hit the hot water and watch the skiers fall on their asses."

Tom got up off the bed but held the book in front of him as he followed Mike back to the Jacuzzi. They went outside and Tom tossed his book onto a chair. He walked right into the water, bitching about the cold the entire way. Mike laughed as he pulled the wall out to block some of the cold and then turned on the overhead heater. The snow immediately began to melt as the heat made its way down. Tom and Jo both stared at Mike's fit body which was being put on display as he stretched his body out to reach the heater as he adjusted the angle. You could see that Mike's cock was pushing out against the confines of the small suit. Mike quickly walked into the hot water. The water's temperature was amplified in comparison to the snowy outside cold, "WHEW! That is hot!"

The three relaxed in the hot water and watched the dark specks coming down the slopes like ants marching down the snowy hillside. They laughed as one would take a tumble. Jo accidentally grazed her foot along the side of Tom's leg. "Sorry Tom my foot just floated into you. Wow you have such soft smooth legs. You feel so different than ape man here." Jo flipped her thump out of the water to point to Mike.

Mike splashed water on Jo, "Not nice, I'm right here."

Tom laughed along with them but kept quiet. Jo didn't want to let it drop. Jo had an agenda and she couldn't let either guy off the hook, "So Tom do you shave or are you naturally smooth?"

Tom turned red, and it wasn't from the hot water, "Sorry I'm not like Macho Mike here."

Mike was quick to his rescue, "She didn't mean that buddy. Did you Jo?"

"Of course not, I was just curious. I'm sorry if I upset you Tom. I have never seen a guy with such soft skin. I find it appealing and a nice change." With that Jo lifted one of Mike's legs out of the water and stroked his hairy leg. Jo grabbed Tom's hand and placed it on Mike's leg, "See what I mean? He's hairy and soft."

Tom allowed Jo to guide his hand up Mike's leg before he jerked it away, "Ya I get it."

Tom was getting uncomfortable and his hard cock wasn't helping. Mike could feel his heart beating faster when Tom's hand touched him. Jo lifted her leg out of the water and Tom's at the same time. She ran her hand up and down each of their legs, "Totally different but sexy just the same. I'm torn to which I prefer."

Tom regained his balance after Jo lifted his leg up and just about forced his head underwater, "Would you cut it out Jo? What's this fascination with my legs?"

Jo smiled, "Actually, it's the middle leg that I want to see. Come on Tom just once?"

Mike reached under the water and pulled off his suit. He pulled the suit out of the water and flung it around on the end of his finger sending water spraying on Tom and Jo, "I took mine off. I dare you guys to do the same." Mike let go of the spinning suit and let it fly out onto the deck away from the Jacuzzi.

Jo quickly reached back and untied her top with one hand and pulled off her bottoms with the other. In no time flat Jo was flinging her string suit next to Mike's. Tom looked at them both and crossed his arms, "I don't' care what you guys do. I'm staying in my suit."

Mike and Jo converged on Tom. Jo moved across Tom's lap and straddled her naked body around his waist. Mike grabbed ahold of the legs on Tom's suit and pulled it off of him. Tom attempted to stop him but the weight of Jo around his torso left him immobilized. Mike sent Tom's suit through the air to land in the wet pile on the deck along with theirs. 

"Come on you guys give me back my trunks!" Tom reached up grabbing for any leverage he could, but he found his hand on Jo's breast instead. Tom's eyes opened wide with fear as he realized what he was holding, "Oh god I'm sorry Jo. I didn't mean to grab you there."

Jo reached behind Tom's neck and pulled his face to her breast, "If I minded Tommy I wouldn't be sitting naked on your chest rubbing my pussy against you, now would I? Now suck my tit!" Jo pushed Tom's mouth against her hard nipple and held his head until she felt his mouth open up and seal itself against her skin.

Tom felt the pressure of Jo's hand on the back of his neck. He knew they were crossing the friendship line here but once he felt the soft skin against his face and her hard nipple trying to force its way between his lips his mind went into sexual overdrive. Tom opened his mouth and used his tongue to search out his would be intruder. Jo's hard nipple felt good as he explored every inch of skin that surrounded it. Tom had completely forgotten about Mike until he felt his face next to his. Mike moved next to Tom and placed his face on Jo's other nipple. Jo pushed her breast up and together forcing the men to be touching cheeks. 

Jo began to moan out loud, "MMMM, that's it boys suck those tits. Oh! You're making me so wet and horny. Keep it up. Suck them harder." 

Jo kept grinding her dampening pussy against Tom's stomach. The hot water washed away her pussy juices as they flowed out. Tom could still feel her soft wet pussy lips dragging along his abdomen. Jo was moving her pussy down to Tom's cock. She wanted to feel his huge cock inside of her. Dana had described it as being the biggest cock ever. Tom could feel Mike's scruffy face scratch against his cheek. Neither would let go of Jo's nipple for fear of everything coming to a stop.

Tom's cock was rock hard. Jo could feel his cockhead poking against her back. Tom felt a hand wrap around the shaft of his cock, holding it still, as Jo worked her pussy onto his member. Tom realized that Mike was holding his cock. Jo let the tip of Tom's cock spread her pussy lips open. Jo eased back and pushed against his cock letting a bit more inside. When Jo felt his cockhead push into her she shoved back hard taking half his length. Already she felt it go deeper than Mike had ever gone. Jo made contact with Mike's hand as he continued to hold Tom's cock. Jo almost came just knowing that Mike was touching a cock. She so wanted to see that. "OH god yes!" Jo purred as Tom's cock slowly kept feeding into Jo's hot pussy.

Mike released his grip on the hard shaft, letting his hand slide down the remaining length, and down his ball sack. Mike could not resist giving Tom's balls a soft caress before he moved his hand beneath Tom's ass. Mike released his suction hold on Jo's nipple and let his body glide in the water as he floated behind Jo. Mike moved between Tom's legs, his hands softly caressing Tom's legs as they moved up his body. Mike's chest came in to contact with Jo's back. Mike reached around Tom's ass and pulled the fucking duo into him nearly lifting them out of the water. Mike's hard cock resting in Tom's ass crack as the three hugged. The pressure Mike placed on them forced Tom's cock deep inside Jo. Jo screamed out as her orgasm rocked between the other two bodies, "AAAGGGHHH!!" It almost hurt as the pressure of Tom's cock was pressing upwards into her were nothing has ever been before.

Tom's balls were being crushed by Mike's pubic bone. Tom could feel Mike's cock resting in his ass crack, a very sensitive spot for Tom. The tightening muscles of Jo's pussy clamping down around the base of Tom's cock were too much and the pressure finally released. Tom's balls released a torrent of cum as he felt it pump through his cock. Jo felt it as well as the impossible happened. The intensity of her orgasm increased, "OOHHHHH! SSSSHHHIITTTTT!!"

Tom clinched his teeth as his cock pulsated inside of Jo. Jo had handfuls of Tom's chest gripped tightly as she rocked through another orgasm. The pain and pleasure between the two was incredible. Mike was so turned on by the act that he too began to shoot his load into the steaming waters of the Jacuzzi. Tom felt Mike's cock pulse between his ass cheeks and felt Mike's cum squirt against his back. Tom had an orgasm that was different than just cumming. His body shook deep down and his cock jerked inside of Jo.

The three were spent, for now, as Mike released his hold on the trio and let his body float back and away. Tom's body submerged back into the water until his naked ass made contact with the Jacuzzi seat. Jo lifted her leg high in the air, as if getting off a horse, in order to dislodge herself from Tom's barely shrinking cock.

Jo fell back into the water and ran her wet hands over her face, "That had to be the wildest, most intense fuck I have ever had!"

Tom was a little shaken from the act and wasn't sure how the relationship dynamics was going to change, "I think my toes even came."

Mike and Jo stopped and looked at Tom quizzically before they all busted out laughing. The trio then decided to call it a night as their bodies were wrinkled prunes. Mike wasn't through. When he and Jo got to their room Mike lifted Jo in the air and threw her onto the bed. Both still naked, Mike dove between Jo's legs. Jo attempted to block him, "I don't know if I can take anymore tonight."

She changed her mind the moment Mike's tongue made contact with her pussy lips. Mike placed the palms of his hands on the cheeks of Jo's ass and lifted her towards his mouth. He began to eat her pussy like never before. Jo curled her legs around his head and grabbed onto the sheets for the tongue fucking of her life.

Jo felt Mike's tongue running up and down the length of her pussy. He lifted her higher and even tongued her tight little rosebud ass. When Jo felt the tip of Mike's tongue penetrate her ass she quivered, "MMMMM, nice baby."

Mike needed no more encouragement the man was on a mission. Mike was going to make Jo cum and push out Tom's seed into his mouth. Mike was hard as a rock knowing he was licking the pussy that was just fucked by another man's cock. He knew another man's cum was waiting to come out and drain into his mouth. Mike wanted to taste it as he was in a different sexual state than when he ate his own cum out of Jo.

Mike had Jo's ass opening up to him. Her ass was wet and loose. He moved his tongue back up to her pussy while slipping a finger into her ass, "Oh shit yes! Oh Mike, fuck that feels good!"

Mike could feel Jo's legs tense around his head as his finger wiggled its way into her. Mike placed his mouth over her pussy and sucked in her pussy lips. He heard Jo as she made a loud intake of breath. Mike darted his tongue into her pussy. He felt her wet juices with his tongue. Her shaven pussy skin allowed him to get a good suction as her pussy sealed tightly in his mouth. He continued to run his tongue around her soft pussy lips until he felt the tell tail signs of her orgasm rock through her body.
