 Back in the summer her lover, Sam told her that they were going to a party. She asked what kind of party they would be attending and he explained that it was a group party. At first she was a little reluctant. Not knowing what to fully expect once they arrived. But she warmed up to the idea very quickly. With a little persuasion from Sam.

Sam had her dress in a black corset and mini skirt, stockings and heels. He had her make sure that her make-up was perfectly seductive, red lipstick included. She made sure that her nails were painted without flaw in a very fuck me red kind of color. Once she was fully dressed, Sam looked her over and nodded in acknowledgment of her attire. She could tell by the look in his eyes that he very much approved.

When time came for the two of them to leave, Sam told her that they would be getting a room for the night as well. This peeked her interest of the party even more so than she had thought before. Sam took her hand and led her to the car and they began their journey. It was a couple hour drive away so they had plenty of time to talk in the car. Sam asked her if she was ready to be a completely submissive slut. Her eyes lit up like diamonds at the thought of him taking full control of her; especially in front of others. She mulled this over in her head for several minutes. All the while beginning to feel the moisture between her legs.

Sam must have sensed that she was getting turned on by this conversation as he asked her again if she was ready and willing to be fully submissive to him. She leaned over and kissed him on the neck and said "YES!". He knew at that point that this was to be a night to remember for the two of them. They continued the drive, with Sam occasionally reaching over to run his hands up her legs. She flinched slightly as she longed for a deep kiss from her man. The idea of him taking full control of her was creating a strong desire deep within her. They arrived at the hotel and Sam got a room for them. He led her to the room and had her freshen her make-up before heading to the party room.

As they walked down the corridor to the party room, Sam grabbed her and spun her around. He kissed her deeply and whispered to her that she better behave or she would be punished. She could feel the desire growing that much stronger and wondered just what he was planning. Sam knocked on the door and they were greeted by a tall, dark skinned African American male. He invited them in and showed them around. They were offered drinks and took a seat on the sofa. Sam put his hand on her thigh and squeezed it ever so slightly. She looked at him and could feel the desire in his eyes. He nodded to her that it was going to be ok; and they waited for the other guests to arrive. As the guests arrived, Sam would lean over and ask her what she thought of each one. She began to grow increasingly turned on by the thoughts of being with other men while he instructed her on what to do. Finally, there were enough other men to accomplish the goal of what Sam had in mind for her.

He led her to one of the bedrooms and invited several men to join them. Sam instructed her to get on her knees. She willingly did as she was told. She had an idea of what was to come and she longed to be pleasing in the eyes of her lover. Sam instructed one of the men to lie down in front of her, minus his clothes of course. He then instructed her to suck on his cock. As she did so he spanked her ass, knowing that with every smack it would draw more moisture to her pussy. She took the hard black cock in her mouth and began to suck it fervently. Not wanting to be punished she did exactly as she was told. After several minutes had passed, Sam had her stop. He instructed another guy to lie down in front of her. Again, he told her to take his cock in her mouth. She did just as she was told. Only this time instead of being spanked, Sam instructed the first man to take her from behind. 

She heard these instructions and could feel the drops of moisture fall from between her legs. Sam could sense that she was desiring of his cock deep within her. The man knelt behind her and positioned himself in perfect line with her wet pussy. She continued sucking on the new cock in front of her. Taking it fully into her mouth. The second man, slowly slid his hard cock deep inside her pussy. She managed to let out a muffled scream of pleasure as he did so. Sam instructed her to continue the blow job only this time he had a third man lie down in front of her and had her go back and forth between the two. Sam also instructed the man that was now pumping in and out of her to fuck her hard, deep, and fast.

Her moans were muffled as she began to get closer and closer to her first orgasm of the night. Sam knew that she was getting close and had him stop fucking her. Sam instructed him to lube her ass while he instructed another to be ready to fuck her pussy at the same time. She looked at Sam in disbelief of what was about to happen. He gave her a stern look as if to say, You had better behave and do as you are told. Sam had her mount one of them while they were on their back and the other was to enter her ass from behind. Sam had her continue the oral pleasure that she was giving to the other two. As she accepted both of the hard cocks deep with in her she cried out in pleasure. She longed for that first orgasm as she knew there would be many more after it.

They began to pump her with an intense rhythm. It became harder and harder for her to concentrate on the oral pleasures that she was giving. Sam had them begin to stroke their cocks in her face. Her orgasm was building and she was about to explode. She could feel the two of them getting ever so much closer to their own orgasm as well. In another stroke the orgasm overtook her and she screamed out in pleasure. Sam told her that she was a good little slut but that she wasn't finished yet. Sam told them to pull out and cum all over her. With just a few more strokes she felt them pull out of her and then felt their hot, sticky cum land on her body.

Sam looked at her, then knowingly knelt in front of her giving her his own dick to suck. She took it deep within her throat. She knew that it would be a long night. Sam told another guy to mount her from behind. While still another reached around and rubbed her now swollen clit. Sam was enjoying this sight of his woman being completely submissive to his commands. Sam moved behind her, to enter her now dripping wet cunt. As he did he instructed one of the men to move in front of her so that she could suck his cock. The rhythm was intense.

She began to have another orgasm almost immediately. Soon her orgasms were coming one right after the other. She managed to continue her oral pleasures and soon had him cumming deep within her throat. She worked hard not to waste a single drop. Seeing this Sam began to pump her faster and harder than before. He too wanted to cum down her throat.

Sam flipped her over and put her legs up over his shoulders. Allowing him to get deeper in her cunt. He pounded her deeper, harder, and faster than he ever had. He looked into her eyes and told her that he was going to cum in her mouth and she had better swallow every drop. She looked at him longingly and nodded. Within minutes he was straddling her face, cock buried deep in her throat. Sam told her to suck it dry and be the good little slut that he knew she was. She looked up at him and with one more stroke was swallowing every drop of his cum.

After a few moments, all the men came to the bed and told her how good she had been. Sam leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, telling her that she had been a very good slut. She was glad that she had pleased her lover. She wondered if this would be the last time that he would instruct her to do things. The thought of him taking this kind of control stayed in her mind as they dressed and returned to their own room. As she undressed, and began her shower, Sam asked her if she had enjoyed being his submissive slut tonight. She looked at him with a sense of fulfillment, and said Oh, Yes honey, can we do it again? Sam nodded and joined her in the shower. 

The two of them discussed the nights events until they fell asleep in each others arms. In time, Sam will be able to take his little slut wherever he desires and have her fulfill all his requests.