 This is a very true story. A few weeks ago my shy hotwife and I attended a fun LS party. It was originally planned as a Gang Bang of a 30-something newbie named Missy. Usually these GB parties are done with two experienced women. Despite being shy, my hotwife has lots of GB experience but wasn't yet on this party list.

It had been a few months since she attended a GB party and was super horny to attend another. She inquired about attending this party and the host was thrilled to accept her onto the guest list. As I just mentioned, these GB parties usually have two women with GB experience but it turns out that was not the case this time and I'll explain why that made us nervous. 

As the party drew near, the list of single & married guys signed up rose to 14. Sometimes the list of guys is as high as 30+ because my hotwife is a very fit, sexy, 5'4", with waist length brunette hair, blue eyes and a sweet butt much like that of a Latin dancer. For this party, most of the guys were well hung and in their 30s-40s. That raised my wife's excitement level ahead of the party. 

Normally this party's host is super strict about who he will arrange a GB party for, fearing a newbie woman might bail at the last minute and make him look terrible in front of the dozens of horny guys. But this woman somehow fooled him into arranging this party just for her, initially. Luckily he back pedaled and accepted my hotwife to attend.

As he explained the situation to my wife he realized he'd screwed up and thus needed her help. Then my wife exchanged a few email messages with young Missy and she was full of naïve questions, and didn't appear to have any LS party experience and might even have been a young male pretending to be a Missy (it happens). The more they exchanged messages the more Missy sounded like a fake. One of the things that tipped us off was that Missy said she, "Wants two dozen guys all to herself for bareback GB & DP fun," despite having NEVER done any of it before!@#$% She told my wife that she'd been exchanging msgs with most of the guys on the list and had asked them to bring her huge loads but no condoms. When my wife explained how LS parties actually work, Missy realized she was better off having my wife as her teammate and thanked her. 

Everything seemed normal for the next 2 weeks although Missy got very quiet and then just one week before the party, Missy disappeared completely. Gone without a trace and even her profile was deleted from the site! Just like that, she was gone!@#$% It turns out our initial instincts were correct that she sounded like a fake because she was a fake. Unfortunately this is very common in the LS with both singles & couples alike. I'm sure most of us could write a book of the lame excuses we've been told when people bail at the last minute without warning. 

The party's host would have been humiliated in front of the 14 guys who signed up and made their plans in good faith, had it not been for my horny wife. She remained true to her word and was still looking forward to the party. When she commits to a party, she never bails. The host knows he can count on her because the same thing happened at a previous party when the other woman canceled without warning at the last minute. That left my hotwife as the only woman with 30+ guys! But she single handedly saved that party. The host loved how she made it look easy. She gets so excited counting down the last few days before a party that they seem to take forever. 

Typically during the final days ahead of a party we see the faker guys drop off the list and that's exactly what happened. Our list of 14 guys dropped to 10 guys. No problem, that's still a fun number for my hotwife as the only woman. 

Finally, the party day arrived and after showering and shaving "it" she selected the sexy crotchet dress that I gave her at Christmas. Wearing nothing underneath it she looked smoking hot with her bare nipples & large labia peeking through the 1" holes in the crotchet material. As each guy arrived at the party their eyes opened wider when they saw her sipping red wine wearing that very see-through crotchet dress. 

As the guys streamed in, the first 30 minutes serves as the social period to mingle which also acts as the arrival buffer. Then we locked the door and the real party begins. Sadly just 5 of the 10 guys showed up which meant 5 guys had pulled no notice no-shows which is worse than bailing at the last minute like the other 4 had done. The host is super strict about no-shows and all those guys were immediately banned from future parties. 

With the door locked and her second glass of wine in hand, she led the 5 guys into the bedroom where she peeled off her dress and tossed it to me! It always gives me a tingle seeing my hotwife standing naked in a room full of buff studs who plan to fuck her as many times as they can get hard, and knowing she wants that too. 

At this point she told the guys, "You are all over dressed" and they scrambled to strip naked hoping to be first to play with her. It's hard to describe how off the charts exciting it is to see your shy wife naked in a room full of naked guys and watching her orchestrate their naughty fun. At this party 4 were young studs and one was slightly older but all were super nice guys and she was thrilled. 

Then, before sucking anyone's cock she lay on the bed and spread her smooth muscular legs, inviting the guys to warm her up by licking her smooth pussy's huge labia. She prefers to get warmed up (wet) before sucking cocks because once the guys get hard, she wants to fuck them. But if she's still dry and not yet warmed up, it doesn't feel good. Then they go soft while trying to get "it" in her. Best to warm her up first, then the guys can slip "it" in as quickly as they get hard.

Oddly enough not all guys enjoy licking pussy but usually one or two jump at the chance and they did. This time the host was first to do the honors of warming her up with his tongue and he made her cum in short order. Once she came, she began sucking cocks. Sometimes 2-3 cocks at a time as was the case. My hotwife gives amazing head and made the guys squirm as they fear they might cum too quickly and become "that guy." 

Speaking of being "that guy," every once in a while someone does lose control and cums in her mouth without warning! When that happens, I don't realize it until she pulls me in for kiss and I taste the fresh cum on her breath. Luckily she'd already swallowed it. Other times she shows me the load before swallowing it. She's so naughty.

Once she's warmed up and wet, she's ready to fuck the guys and that's when she rolled onto her knees into the doggy position. The first guy she'd fluffed got to be first to mount her from behind. This position allows her to continue fluffing the other guys while getting fucked. As the guy fucking her came deep in her married cunt, the guy she was fluffing second quickly moved to take his place fucking her doggy style. When she felt the first guy's hot load flooding her cunt deep, she remembered that Missy had asked all the guys to leave their condoms at home. The guys quickly recognize her fluffing rotation system and lined up near her head to be sucked before taking their turn fucking her from behind. It always looks amazing to see each guy holding my hotwife's hips and thrusting into her as they cum with a grunt.

After she drained everyone that first round, it was my turn to fuck her now sloppy cunt which felt incredible. This bareback theme was working great as the guys watched me slip into her well used cunt and cheered me on. After I added my load to her collection she stopped for a wine refill, before starting round 2. To start the second round she rolled onto her back and spread her legs, raising her feet until they were beside her ears. Her daily yoga keeps her very flexible and the guys commented about how "bendy" she is. That position caused her hot cunt to open up right before them and with her feet beside her ears, each guy climbed on in this Missionary position. They easily slipped their bare cocks into her cunt until they bottom out balls deep, again. She let them do all the thrusting work until they'd cum a second time, pumping their hot loads deep in her married cunt. It was fun seeing their ball sacks pull up tight just before their butt cheeks clinch with each rope they pumped into her while she squirmed under them. 

With each guy fucking her bareback, her cunt didn't dry out or get rubbed raw. Instead she got more and more sloppy wet and party loose. That made her cunt feel better and better which in turn made each guy cum a little quicker. At one point she smiled at me and sheepishly asked me, "Do you hear that sloshing? Soon I'll be over flowing." So naughty.

After each stud fucked her a second time, I took my second turn. Her cunt was so full of cum that it felt incredible. Once I gave her my second load, she took another wine break and poured her fourth glass of wine. Now she's way over our "wine limit" and that means "anal is on the table." 

Knowing how horny the red wine makes her, I should repeat saying that, it's super exciting to see your naked wife mingling with a room full of naked guys as she sips wine. It wasn't long before one of the young guys was hard again for a third time (he actually never went soft) and she returned to the bed where she laid him down and began sucking his cock. Then she threw her leg over him and mounted "it." 

My new favorite thing to see is my naked hotwife reaching down and guiding a guy's bare cock into her sloppy cunt before lowering herself onto "it" and taking him balls deep. 

Apparently few women ride on top because she surprised each guy when she mounted them. It made them moan as her cunt swallowed them whole. Then she used her amazing leg muscles to rock forward & back, up & down on their cocks until their eyes rolled back in their heads. Then she rolls her hips forward to grind her sensitive clit onto their pubic bone. Once that makes her cum she unleashes her "cunt clinch" as we call it, and clamps down on their cocks. Everyone in the room knew when this happened because the guy moaned and lost control erupting deep into my naughty wife's cunt for a third time as she bucks like a bronco atop their cocks! 

Typically after 4+ glasses of wine, when she mounts a guy she will spread her own butt cheeks and invite the next guy who she's fluffing to fuck her asshole and give her DP to pay her wine toll. But that's not how it happened this night. Instead, the guy she was riding reached down and spread her butt cheeks for the next guy in line. When he saw her sweet rosebud looking like a bulls-eye and winking at him, she barely had time to hand him the lube before he entered her asshole! Once lubed, his cock easily slipped into her experienced asshole and it actually looked like she sucked him in! Suddenly both her holes were full of bare cocks and they attempted to get in sync so they could thrust. The guy in her asshole held tightly onto her hips and was drilling her ass for all he was worth while the guy balls deep in her cunt was happily pinned under her.

Just in case I wasn't paying attention and didn't realize those 2 cocks were fucking her asshole & cunt, she looked right at me and held up 2 fingers which is the signal for anal. Soon she was moaning like crazy, that is until a third cock approached her face and she began sucking that cock. I have to admit that seeing my once shy wife "air tight" with her 3 holes filled with hard cocks, was off the charts exciting and my new favorite thing. Trust me when I say, "Your wife will never look hotter than when she's "air tight with 3 hard cocks." I highly recommend it. 

When my turn eventually came up again, she began by blowing me and then rolled me over and climbed on in the 69 position. She loves when I lick her cunt after it's just been fucked. Then she turned and mounted me. Having taken more than a dozen loads in her cunt, it felt beyond amazing on my throbbing cock when she lowered "it" onto my cock. She felt like a dream. So slippery with cum that mere words can't describe the sensations. Once I was balls deep in her she gave me her "cunt clinch" and it pulsed and clinched my cock like a hand. I knew I wouldn't last long.

With all these guys in their 30s & 40s, they recharged quickly and were soon ready for another round of play. After each round she recharged her libido with another glass of red wine. Once her asshole was in use, that wine toll was repeatedly being paid.  

After each guy had fucked her 3+ times and pumped their collection of 15 loads into my hotwife, even they ran out of energy and the playing ended. That's when she called me onto the bed and the guys went for snacks in the living room/kitchen. 

It usually doesn't take long for me to cum when she's riding me hard but she looked at me this time and said, "Babe, I hope you don't mind that I've been your slutty wife by letting these guys fuck me bareback. Now I'm very full of their hot seeds." That was the trigger, and I immediately lost control, adding my load to her collection. After catching my breath we join the guys in the LR/kitchen for snacks. There we hung out and talked for another 45 minutes with everyone remaining naked. As I said before, it's very exciting to see naked guys drooling over my naked wife as she squirmed on the couch with her cunt & ass leaking their cum. 

While mingling, she helped the host clean up as she cooled down. Eventually the guys begin to dress & leave one at a time. With just her crotchet dress to put on it only takes a second to get dressed when it was eventually time for us to leave. 

After the party it was fun riding our motorcycle home knowing that her loose cunt & asshole were leaking cum and tingling. The motorcycle's vibration made her cum a few more times because her big cunt lips & ass are super sensitive after GB sex. Once home, her naked body looked amazing because her well used holes were leaking cum and what I've called "party loose." If you haven't tried sharing your wife at a GB, I highly recommend it. Just be forewarned that she might want to do it again and again, I know mine does...