 She leaned against the bamboo pole, sighing happily. The sea breezes were cool over her skin. She heard shrieks of laughter and turned her head to look over at the tent where the party was still going on full swing. She had enjoyed the party, but it was getting too noisy over there; she was happy to be some distance away. She stretched lazily, arms high above her head. The dim lanterns hanging on the branches above revealed the way her white tee clung to her full breasts; and the red sarong wrapped around her waist outlined her curvaceous hips. The man standing beside her smiled appreciatively. He handed her a shot glass, “here you go Hunny…another tequila shot for you.” She grinned at him and raised the glass in a mock salute before tipping it back, the liquid burning smoothly down her throat. She moaned softly and the low sexy sound made his cock twitch. He had plans for her tonight, and he hoped to hear more of her moans…

He took the shot glass from her and put it on a nearby picnic table. Then he leaned over her, kissing her neck, his hands roaming over her body. She giggled tipsily, the tequila making its way through her body, warming her up. He pinched her nipples through her thin cotton top, laughing when he felt how hard they were. She moaned again, her back arching, offering her breasts to his hands. He whispered, “I bet your cunt’s wet, isn’t it?”

She gasped, her eyes widening at the crudity of his words. She glanced up at him, biting her lip. “I…I think it’s time for me to go Julian,” she said. He tightened his arms around her, whispering again, “I’m sorry, baby, I didn’t mean to offend you…please don’t go.” She hesitated. She knew she was horny, she needed to be touched, filled…but she had just met him that night, and she was a little frightened. Julian kissed her gently, his fingers lightly caressing her body, “you’re so beautiful,” he murmured, “You make me crazy with wanting you.” She closed her eyes, and let her body take control, relaxing against him. He tugged at her nipples again, gently pinching and tweaking them until he felt her ass push back against his groin.

His cock strained against his shorts; he’d planned on getting laid that night, and had gone commando. He pressed back until his bulge was nestled between her ass cheeks, making both of them groan. His hands slid under her shirt and captured her breasts, cupping them in his palms and squeezing.

“Oh god!” she cried, she loved having her breasts and nipples touched. She could feel herself moisten, and knew her panties were damp. He tugged at her sarong, and let the material drift down onto the sand. She whispered, “No Julian, not here…we’re too close to the party.” He ignored her, and instead placed his hand squarely on her mound, his fingers curling to press into her slit. She squealed softly, her hips involuntarily rocking forward, pressing into his palm. He grinned and stroked his fingers over her slit, pressing the already damp material between her puffy cunt lips. Her head spun, she knew they shouldn’t be doing this, but she couldn’t bring herself to stop him. His fingers felt so good.

He tugged the crotch of her panties to the side, and flicked a finger over her clit. She squealed again, her hips bucking. He pressed his cock against her ass, hips grinding. He knew he was going to enjoy her; she promised to be a good, hot fuck. His middle finger dove inside her cunt, “Ah God, baby, your cunt is so wet!”

She couldn’t deny it, not when his finger was probing her so deliciously. She mewled, pushing her hips forward, tight velvet tunnel quivering around his finger. He sawed it in and out of her, adding a second finger, moaning at how her flesh stretched to accommodate it. “You’ve got a tight little cunt, Hunny…my cock’s going to feel so damn good buried inside you…” She moaned, and ground her ass against him; the alcohol, her need to be fucked, all combining. She threw caution to the wind and gave in to him, reaching back to caress his groin.

He pulled his fingers out of her, smiling at her moan of protest. He reached for her tee and tugged it above her head. She stood in front of him, wearing only her panties. He turned her around and began kissing her breasts, his tongue flicking over the nipples, finding them already stiff. He quickly wrapped his lips around one fat little nipple, sucking it greedily. Her hands clung to his shoulders, her knees trembling. She felt so wicked. Lost in the sensations, she didn’t notice the group of men who were approaching them from the party. He heard them approach, and released her breast from his mouth, pulling her against him, arms wrapping around her back. He smiled when he recognized his two friends Rob and Colin; he didn’t know the four other men with them. They gave him a thumb’s up, and he nodded, putting his finger to his lips.

She wriggled against him, her hands busy, reaching down into his shorts and unzipping. “Oh baby!” she squealed, “You’re not wearing any underwear!” She laughed up at him, still unaware of the watching men. Her tiny hands closed around his cock and stroked it. “Fuck!” he moaned, her hands were so warm and stroked him so knowingly. He sat back on a bamboo bench and pushed her to her knees in front of him. 

She immediately sank down onto the soft sand, her ass pushed out, the crotch of her panties soaked. She licked and lapped at his hard shaft, her tongue caressing every inch. With an inarticulate cry she went down on him, her mouth sliding over his fleshy pole, taking it inch by inch. 

The men watching began stroking their burgeoning erections; the woman was hot, and obviously needed a good fuck. They stared at her round ass, at the puffy cunt lips outlined by her wet panties. 

Julian was so aroused, he knew he might explode at any minute, and that would spoil the rest of the evening if he came too soon. He pulled her off his shaft, groaning at the lewd popping sound her mouth made when it slid off his cock.

“Take your panties off, baby,” he ordered. She laughed and stood up facing him, putting her hands on the waistband of her panties. She wriggled out of them, her breasts bouncing sexily. She handed them to him, and he took a long sniff, and then tossed them to his friends. Before she could look where he had thrown them, he pulled her to him, guiding his thick shaft into her soaked snatch.

“OOOOH YES!” she screamed, when his cock sank deep inside her cunt, rubbing against the velvet walls. His friends passed the panties around, the men inhaled her fresh clean scent; their erections almost painful. They couldn’t wait to get a piece of her. They watched her ride Julian’s cock, her hips rising and falling on his thickness. She was so juicy; they could hear the wet sucking sounds her sex was making. Julian’s cock emerged glistening with her cunt juices, only to disappear inside her again.

“Close your eyes, baby,” he ordered. She closed them obediently, moaning a protest when he lifted her off his shaft. He turned her around so that she was facing his friends, before guiding her back onto his cock. He held her thighs wide apart, so the men watching could see how her greedy cunt swallowed up his fuck pole. She began to bounce on his shaft, her need so great, her breasts bobbing as she rode him. He signaled Rob to drop his shorts and stand just in front of her. “Open your eyes, NOW!” he said, and she squealed in surprise when she saw the other turgid cock in front of her. Before she could protest, Rob slid his cock into her mouth, gagging her.

At the same time, Julian began rubbing her clit, his cock thrusting deeper into her cunt, and pushing her onto Rob’s cock. She struggled for a few seconds more, but gave in, the pleasure washing over her too intense to fight. With a soft moan of surrender, she started to suck Rob’s cock, hot wet mouth slurping on his shaft. Her head bobbed along his thickness, pink lips stretched widely around his rod. Simultaneously, her cunt milked Julian’s cock, her soft velvet flesh enveloping it, and sucking at it as hard as her mouth sucked on Rob’s engorged penis.

Colin approached with another man, and Julian ordered her to stroke their cocks. Lost in a haze of lust and need, she complied, fingers closing over their shafts and wanking them. Julian began pounding into her harder, telling her was a complete slut she was. She sucked harder at Rob’s cock, more turned on than she’d ever been in her life. She could feel her cunt quivering; she was so close to orgasm. To her dismay, she felt Julian begin to cum, his cock swelling and pulsing in her cunt. Thick hot cum spurted into her, painting her cunt walls. She squealed, her lips tightening around Rob’s cock, causing him to orgasm as well, and pumping ropes of creamy seed into her mouth and throat. She swallowed as much as she good, but some of it spilled from her lips. Rob pulled back and the last drops of his cum splattered on her face and swollen lips. The sight was too much for Colin and the other man, and one after the other, they began to cum, spilling globs of white cum onto her tanned skin.

Julian pushed her off his now softening cock, and held her arms behind her back. Her face, breasts and stomach were stained with cum. Globules dripped from her dark hair and pearled on her eyelashes. Silvery cunt honey, mingled with Julian’s white seed formed rivulets down her thighs. He whispered, “There are three more men, Hunnyslut…do you want them to fuck you?”

She moaned, “Yes, please…I need to be fucked so I can cum!” The men approached, smiling and dropping their pants. Her eyes were immediately drawn to the biggest, thickest cock. It must have been close to 9 inches long, and just over 2 inches in width. She felt her cunt spasm at the thought of that monster inside her cunt. Julian laughed, able to read her expression. He motioned to the man, asking his name. “Daniel,” he responded. “Well, Daniel,” Julian said, “Hunny wants your cock in her greedy twat. Would you be willing to oblige?” Daniel nodded eagerly. Rob found a woven mat and laid it on the sand, and Daniel quickly lay down on it, his cock sticking straight up in the air.

Julian didn’t have to tell Hunny what to do, once he released her from his grasp. She immediately straddled Daniel, her tight wet cunt sinking onto his cock. She screamed, his cock was so thick. The men watched in fascination as the lips of her cunt stretched around the huge cock, her juices and Julian’s cum easing its entry. She bucked and twisted, until every inch of the massive tool was lodged in her body. Wordless moans of pleasure escaped her; her eyes were tightly shut. 

Julian asked the remaining men, Geoff and Timothy, which fuck holes they wanted. Geoff immediately answered that he wanted her mouth, and Timothy said he’d gladly fuck that sweet little ass. Hunny quivered when she heard that, she looked up at Julian, her eyes wide. “Please, Julian, I’ve never been fucked in the ass, before.”

Julian laughed, “You’re in for a treat, Timothy; her ass is still tight.” Hunny whimpered in fear, she knew it was going to hurt. “Please, Julian, please!” she begged, the fear obvious in her voice. Julian turned to Colin, “Do you still have the lotion with you?” he asked. Colin pulled out a small bottled of after sun lotion, and tossed it to Timothy. “Lube yourself up,” Julian said, “and Geoff?” Geoff looked at Julian questioningly. “You’d better plug that mouth of hers before she screams loud enough to bring the whole island here.”

Geoff laughed, and went over to Hunny’s face, caressing it gently, before he inserted his cock between her parted lips. He groaned when he felt her tongue slide over his flesh. “God, you little slut, you sure know how to suck cock!” Hunny could barely move on the gigantic cock inside her cunt, she was apprehensive about the ass fucking she was about to receive, but was forced to admit to herself that her cunt was getting even wetter at the thought.

Daniel was content to wait, his cock snugly settled in her tight silken sheath. He amused himself by playing with her nipples, tweaking and twisting them, making her moan around Geoff’s cock.

Timothy squirted half the bottle of lotion over his cock, then pressed the bottle against her tight ring, making sure that lotion trickled between her ass cheeks, and over her tight bud. He rubbed the lotion in, adding more and more, and slowly pushing one finger inside her. “Damn, the bitch is tight!” He finger fucked her, quickly adding a second digit when he felt her begin to relax. He pumped both fingers in; then couldn’t wait any longer. He tugged them out, and placed the head of his cock against her tight ring. “Geoff, you’d better remove your cock first,” Julian suggested. He, Rob, Colin and the fourth man settled back to watch, their cocks semi-erect.

Geoff pulled back, watching as his cock slipped out of her lips with a lewd little popping sound. He held her head while Timothy continued to press forward. “Ahh fuck noooo, it’s too tight, oh please stop!” she begged. Timothy’s cock felt incredibly huge as it forced her tight pucker to stretch. Timothy cried out in triumph, and Hunny in pain, when his flared crown finally popped into her tightness. Geoff immediately re-inserted his penis into her mouth. She closed her eyes, and let the men control her body.

Timothy began to pump, more and more of his length pushing into the narrow channel. With Daniel’s cock in her cunt, her ass was even tighter. The two men were in heaven. They began to move, taking turns in thrusting forward and upwards. Geoff thrust into her mouth each time her body rocked forward, his cock sliding deep into her throat.

She began to moan, the sensations overwhelming her. Daniel continued to tease her nipples, and occasionally reached down to tweak her clit. Her body began to move, thrusting back against the three cocks invading her fuck holes. Her muffled moans and cries increased in proportion with the pleasure she was feeling. She began to quiver, her cunt walls tightening around Daniel’s cock.

She screamed as the first orgasm hit, her body convulsing, cunt spasming hard, sphincter clamping around Timothy’s cock. The men gasped at the violence of her orgasm, and began to piston into her body, thrusting wildly, not bothering to coordinate their movements. All Hunny could feel was cock, penetrating, filling, stuffing her, and she surrendered to another orgasm, her body twisting and writhing obscenely. The continuous massage of her body on their cocks caused the three men to lose control. They erupted almost simultaneously, filling her body with their fuck juice; sticky, slimy white liquid battering her fuck holes and oozing out of them.

The men pulled out of her well-used body. She lay on the mat, still twitching. She couldn’t stop moaning, her breasts heaved, body slick with sweat and cum. Each of her orifices leaked cum, her brown skin and dusky pink nipples peeking out from under patches of white seed. 

Julian, Rob and Colin stood up and walked toward her, while the other men sat down to watch The fourth man had cum while watching her, his hand furiously stroking his cock as he watched his friends fuck the little Asian slut.

She opened her eyes, moaning when she saw the three men, their cocks hard and ready. “Did you think we were done, Hunnycunt?”

Without a word, she spread her legs, offering herself for their use, knowing that she was going to be fucked all night long, and reveling in the thought.