 This is a tale about a night when six friends went to the famous Saints and Sinners Ball in Melbourne, Australia.

Two of the couples, Steve & Dee, and John & Carol, had been before. Barry and M had not.

This is their story.

Steve stood behind M, his erect dick sandwiched between her taught thighs, his hands cupping and squeezing her ample breasts as his mouth kissed and bit her neck. His penis was stiff as a board, and he was loving the smooth feeling of his cock pushing between M's thighs from behind, the juices escaping her sopping pussy making the motion glide smoothly as the pair explored each other's bodies, semi-naked on the dance floor. M was wearing a tiny tube dress and heels, and Steve was wearing a g-string and waistcoat as he gyrated his cock between M's thighs. M was pushing back now, her tight ass cheeks rubbing his cock and forcing him to brace himself against the powerful moves she was making as they danced and moved to the music in front of all the others dancing at the Saints and Sinners Ball.

Concealed in his pocket was the tiny camera and recorder his friend in Queensland had set up for him. More about that later.

John, meanwhile, was busily sucking Dee's tits in the corner, as he watched M and Steve go at it like animals on display for all to see. He searched for his own wife, Carol, and found her. Well, he assumed it was her. It looked like her from behind, on her knees, sucking the cock of M's hubby, Barry. Barry had her by the hair and was pumping his cock into Carol's mouth each time his hips thrust forwards. John reached down to give his own cock a little play, until Dee savagely grabbed his flowing, curly hair, reminding him of the job at hand. She thrust her tits at his mouth, and jammed her cunt down on his fingers as she worked herself towards orgasm, enjoying John's handiwork, but also thriving on the scene on the dancefloor between her husband and M.

Steve was ready for more, and dropped one hand to explore M's pussy, reaching between the cleanly shaven lips, finding her bulging clit. He flickered it a while with his fingers, smooth and wet from the juices, before slowly inserting two fingers into M and finger fucking her right there on the dancefloor. He continued to dry hump her from behind, and her response was to push back even harder, so she could feel the thick rim of Steve's dick against her wanting cunt. M threw her head back as the combined assault of her left breast and hungry cunt became too much for her to bear. She bent forward at the waist, and in full view of all the others, pushed her pussy lips open with her right hand, before guiding Steve's hard cock into her pussy. 

John stood, and he and Dee kissed. It was not a kiss of love, but a hot, animal based pash, with tongues snaking and licking their way around each other's mouths as their hands went to work below their waists. Dee almost lost her breath as she felt John's cock. It had been a number of years since she had felt it in her hand, and whilst she recalled it being large, she had forgotten just how fucking hard it got when John was aroused. And he was aroused now, or at least she thought he was from the thickness of the monster in her fist. John too had Dee's cunt in his hand, three fingers pistoning in and out of her in an urgent attempt to make her wet enough to fuck. It Deed not take long. Pushing him down until he was seated on a couch, with voyeur's watching closely on either side, Dee, in her heels and black silk corset, positioned her sopping cunt over John's monster, before guiding his tip into the folds of her entrance. Gasping with the contact, she eased her body down a little at a time, until she managed to bottom out, her pelvis buried to the hilt against his thighs, his monster cock deep inside her, filling her for the first time, and filling her in a way no other man ever had. John responded by reaching up and firmly grabbing her tits, before starting to bounce the gorgeous wife of his best friend up and down on his cock in full view of everyone watching, especially the men sitting either side of he and the hot wife he was fucking.

In the corner, Carol continued to suck Barry's cock as she watched her husband fuck his best mate's wife for the first time, and she marvelled at the glorious sight they made. She had long wanted to make love to Dee herself, and looked forward to sucking her husband's cum from the gorgeous, long legged woman before the night was out. But meanwhile, she had a job to do. A head job, as a matter of fact. In her mouth, Barry's dick twitched and swelled, and she knew her expert tongue work was having the desired effect. She reached forward with her tongue, and managed to jam his cock in the very rear of her throat, as he began to writhe and moan, and his pelvis began to buck in orgasm. The first spurt hit the back of her throat and she swallowed it without effort. The next two were similarly consumed, but the fourth and fifth were too much for the cocksucking wife, and she withdrew, spraying her tits with Barry's cum as she pumped and pumped his ejaculating penis in front of her, her nipples swollen and tingling with the eroticness of what she was doing. As Barry finished cumming, his body shaking and convulsing in the last throes of a male climax, Carol smothered the wet, sticky cum all over her boobs, making them slick with the slimy love goo. In the Deem light, her body glistened and shone, covered in sperm.

On the dancefloor, Steve and M were still going at it, with Steve gripping M's hips as he fucked her slow and deep from behind. Dee had told M Steve was a tease, and his fucking motion, slow and deliberate, convinced M that she was right. This guy was not as big as John, but damn he could fuck. His delightful, thick cock was sliding in and out of her with deep, steady strokes, and she was loving every minute of it. Her hands were on her knees, as she welcomed every thrust into her cunt from her husband's mate. She was so excited now, that she reached down and began to stroke her own clit, in a desperate attempt to climax. Closing her eyes, she locked her mind in a rhythm of penetration and clitoral stimulation. Suddenly, just as she thought she would cum, a mouth bit her right nipple. Opening her eyes in shock, she smiled as Carol, the corners of her mouth still covered in Barry's cum, sucked on M's nipple and swirled the cum around that had remained in her mouth. M reached forward once more and tongue kissed Carol, all the while fucking Steve with her powerful cunt walls. Steve enjoyed the view, and marvelled as Carol and M swapped M's husband's sperm in their mouths with their tongues as he fucked M with his trademark deep, forceful strokes.

John was watching Steve fuck M, as he indeed fucked Steve's wife Dee on the couch. He had his hands on Dee's magnificent boobs as he fucked her, the german woman facing away from him now, her amazing ass bouncing up and down on his huge cock, her hands pushing back against his thighs just in case he had the idea of jamming any more of his monster into the thin woman's pussy. John smirked as he watched his wife, Carol, and M tongue kiss and swap sperm. He had watched the two of them in bed once before, and remembered the way it ended, with him spurting cum all over himself inside his pants, ejaculating before he had a chance to fuck either of them. As he continued to fuck Dee with her hot ass in front of him, John gave Steve the thumbs up sign as he watched him jamming his cock relentlessly in and out of M.

Barry returned from the bar, his freshly squeezed cock bouncing flaccid between his thighs, no sign of the g-string he had worn when they arrived at the ball earlier that evening. Seeing John fucking Steve's wife, Dee, he decided to watch for a moment, enjoying the sight of the gorgeous woman lustily fucking his mate as the two men either side of John began to get a little more courage. The man to John's left reached up, and whilst still stroking his erection, rubbed Dee's ass cheek, causing her to look around and see whose hand was on her ass. Seeing it was a third party, she smiled, threw her head back and gave him the go ahead to explore as much as he lied, as she continued to fuck herself on the amazingly large cock inside her cunt. The man rubbed her ass cheeks for a minute or two, before reaching up and sucking his finger, making it totally covered in his saliva. 

"This is getting interesting," thought Barry.

"Fuck yeah," said John.

The man, slowly, and carefully rubbed his now spit covered finger around the puckered asshole of the German woman fucking her husband's best friend. As John pushed Dee forward and stopped pumping for a moment, the man inserted the tip of his finger to the first knuckle, and waited for a reaction from the woman. He got it. She reacted by jamming her hips down hard, in her heels, burying the massive cock in her cunt even further, and forcing the finger in her ass a few inches deeper into her rectum, begging for the penetration to continue.

Barry took a sip of his drink.

"Fuck. She's amazing," he thought, watching as Dee closed her eyes and concentrated purely on her own sexual needs in front of the whole crowd.

He took his eyes off Dee and her men friends for a moment, Catching sight of M and Steve and Carol on the dance floor. Steve now had M in his hands, her body held suspended above his hips, her pussy completely full of his cock as he sucked her tits as he bounced her up and down slowly as they fucked. Carol was now behind Steve, and her hand was between his legs fondling his hanging balls as he fucked M. Her tits were mashed against his sweaty back, and she was biting on his ear as he fucked her good friend. 

"Jesus, now THAT is hot!" he thought to himself, as he watched M bite down on Steve's shoulder, the erotic fucking motion a total turn on for his wife as the man fucking her was also sucking her tits making her climax approach rapidly. 

As Steve gripped M by the ass cheeks and fucked her, bouncing her up and down on his cock, Barry decided to get involved again, and headed onto the dance floor approaching his wife from behind as her body moved up and down, his friend's cock buried deep inside her pussy as they fucked. Each time Steve lifted M from his penis, her puckered little hole exposed itself lewdly to anyone watching, and then closed itself again as his penis re-entered her cunt, filling her to the brim. Barry reached out and touched his wife on the back, scraping his nails down her spine the way she loved when he fucked her doggy style at home. She broke her kiss from Steve to turn her head, and, seeing her husband, moaned and tongue kissed him deeply, all the while jamming her hungry pussy down further on Steve's invading cock.

Carol decided it was time to step back a while, and went to find John and Dee, wanting to join her husband while he was fucking his best mate's wife on the couch.

Barry meanwhile decided it was time to get nasty with his hot wife as she was being fucked by Steve. His flaccid cock was now back to almost full hardness, and he had always fantasized about giving M her first double penetration. This highly charged sexual environment seemed the perfect place, and the fact his hot wife was already being fucked in the pussy by Steve, with her anus protruding lewdly, made him assume the time was also right to deflower his wife's ass in their first dp.

Dropping to his knees on the floor, Barry stuck his tongue deeply into M's musky backdoor, spitting gently into the rear passage as she bounced slowly up and down on Steve's dick. She was sopping down there, and Barry marvelled at the sight of another man's cock fucking his wife for a few moments. He had not seen this before so close, and enjoyed the site of the thick, veined penis as it appeared and disappeared with each thrust as Steve held his wife in his hands, her legs wrapped around his hips in her heels, accepting the gloriously slow and deep fucking she was being given.

Burying his tongue in and out of M a few times, alternating thrusts with Steve, Barry made sure his wife's ass was wet before standing once more and positioning himself behind her as she bounced. Gently easing a finger into her now wet asshole, Barry smiled to Steve as the two men assaulting the hot wife locked eyes in a meaningful communication. Instantly they knew what the other was doing, and as Barry pumped now three fingers gently into M's bum, stretching the opening, Steve stopped his thrusting to allow better access to his friend. 

"Ready for this baby?" Steve asked M.

"OOoooh fuck yessssss...." The wanton hot wife moaned into Steve's ear as she felt her husband remove his fingers and position his cockhead at the entrance to her ass.

In truth, M had been dp'ed once before, by Steve and John in their spa after a wild party when Barry and the other girls had crashed out. However, she had never told Barry, and so this was to be a special time for him, and M was also dying to relive the intensity and excitement of having two cocks in her at the same time, one in her pussy and her husband in her ass as a crowd watched on. The scene about to unfold had indeed attracted a fair bit of attention, and all around men and women were moving on for a closer view as they wanted to see M's reaction to being dp'ed in front of them by the two men fucking her.

Behind her, Barry moved his penis into her opening and eased her anus around the tip of his cock. The heat coming from her asshole was amazing, and Barry gripped his wife by the tops of her shoulders as he began to pump his dick into her ass a little at a time. At the same time, Steve pushed his dick as deep into M's cunt as he could, then relaxed and allowed his penis to settle in her cunt while Barry Deed the business from behind, fucking her ass until he too was all the way inside her. Steve felt his mate's cock only a thin sheath of skin away, and felt too the contractions of M's body as she struggled to accommodate the two dicks that were invading her cunt and ass at the very same time. 

It was an intense, erotic scene.

John was still pumping into Dee as the third man now had two knuckles buried in his mate's wife's ass. She was incredible. John had never known a woman more in touch with her sexual needs than Dee, and still she remained loyal to Steve, loving her husband but still finding the need to explore her wanton fucklust every now and again. This was one of those times, and John was enjoying taking every advantage of it by fucking the glorious German woman on the couch as her hot ass bounced up and down on the finger of the stranger next to him.

The guy on the other side of John was wanking his cock now, and John noticed he was black. Over the years when they had got together to watch porn movies, Dee's love of black men and their amazing cocks and dark skin had always got the better of her. In fact, John knew that Steve had bought his hot wife a large, black dildo which she used regularly to invade her cunt while Steve licked her to climax. The fact was, she was hot for black cock but had never sampled the goods. John decided it was time to introduce his mate's wife to the chance to fulfil her fantasy, and pulled her head gently back and around as he continued to fuck her and the stranger continued to finger her now stretching asshole.

Realising the third man was indeed a black, Dee's eyes widened and she tugged and pinched on her own nipples, her lips pursed in that hot put they all knew so well. Just as she pinched her own nipples and jammed down on the now two fingers inside her asshole, John suddenly pushed his massive dick upwards into the wanton wife, impaling her so completely that her eyes rolled back in her head and she looked as if she might faint.

Just at that moment, Carol arrived to see her husband fucking Dee, and the stranger pumping his hand in and out of her tightest hole. She approached Dee, then took her by the chin, and the women kissed. Deeply. Sensuously, and with a major amount of tongue, as the men explored Dee's body with their fingers and John's cock.

Reaching forward, Dee removed herself from John's huge cock, and instead, moved his wife, Carol, into position above the cock she had fucked so many times before.

"God, his cock is truly amazing! But, I see something I want even more, baby," said Dee to her good friend, and they kissed once more as John adjusted himself once more to better fuck his wife.

Barry by this time had developed a nice working rhythm with Steve as they double fucked M in front of the crowd. Several men who were stroking their cocks openly approached the threesome and started to rub and caress M as she took the cocks in her cunt and ass like a pro. In her mind, the feeling was amazingly intense, and she barely noticed the additional fingers, hands and tongues that were playing with, kissing, licking and stroking her body as her ass and pussy were fucked in unison. She was here, at the Saints and Sinners Ball, for the very first time, after Dee had invited her, and she was now on the dance floor, being double fucked by her husband and Steve, loving every minute of the intense penetrations, the erotic combination driving her towards what she knew would be a blindingly intense moment of orgasmic pleasure. The hand, tongues and lips of her additional admirers were making her need to cum, and before long, she knew her climax was imminent.

Wanting the moment to be her most intense ever, M reached down and took two cocks in her hands as Steve held her by the buttocks and fucked her cunt, and Barry eased his cock in and out of her asshole as he held her by the shoulders. The cocks in her hands were very hard, and she pumped them furiously now as her orgasm took hold. Her body began to shiver and convulse, her hair thrown around as the two cocks in her hands started to also shake and stiffen. Then, in an amazing moment of coordination, all five people began to cum at the same time, making about a hundred people watching stare in total disbelief. Steve gripped M so hard his fingers on her buttocks were leaving marks as he jammed his spurting cock deep into her cunt and filled her with his cum. Behind her, Barry threw his head back and shouted as he buried spurt after spurt of sperm into his wife's amazingly hot, tight, fuckable asshole. M shook and spasmed in mindless oblivion as her orgasm took control of her body and mind and she literally thrashed herself upon the two invading, cumming cocks that were rooting her deeply. Without realising what was happening due to her intense climax, M was madly pumping the two cocks in her cumming hands and they were both spewing cum into the air and onto the floor, with large globs spurting onto her skin, her buttocks and thighs coated with the love juices sprayed by the men she was wanking off as she came.

Finally, after all five people relaxed, and their orgasms subsided, Barry withdrew from M's ass with a small pop, his cum now oozing out of her ass onto the floor. Steve held her a moment, until he needed to put her down, and allowed his own dick to ease out of her amazing cunt, placing her on her feet facing him. He kissed her gently on the lips, their eyes locked in a passionate moment of sexual understanding, before he politely excused himself and headed for the bathroom. M turned to face her husband, and the two embraced and kissed, before slowly hugging and moving in rhythm to the slow music that was playing. The men either side of them said their thank yous, and M kissed each of them lightly on the mouth, her tongue snaking it's way sexily into their own mouths, before taking Barry by the hand and leading him too towards the bathrooms.

Back on the couches, John was now giving his wife a royal humping as the two of them fucked and watched Dee attack the source of her arousal. The black man was on the couch, and Dee was now on her knees in front of him, sucking his black cock as though it were the last popsicle on earth. John had watched Dee deep throat Steve a few times, and he knew the German wife was a skilled cocksucker. Behind her, the man who had been fingering her ass while she fucked John was still going at it. He not a quitter, and was rubbing his cock between Dee's ass cheeks as his hands explored her tits. 
