 Celestial Reviews Rating: 10, 10, 10
Top 15 Stories of May, 1996: #1
Top 100 Stories of 1996: #27

:: for J & F ::

I have to recount this particular fantasy as probably my most exciting. It was certainly the most arousing.

* * * * *

Kathryn's visit to town was, of course, a welcome event. It seemed like a year since I had gone to Hartford to visit her, though it had only been two months, now it was her turn to visit me. I had picked her up at the airport and brought her back home on Thursday night, where we knoshed on fresh shrimp and dry grape soda. After that, we made passionate love and fell asleep in each other's arms. All in all, a pleasant reunion. But it was only the beginning...

After spending Friday at work, meeting my co-workers and watching us put on our afternoon show, we went out for pizza with the gang. Everyone seemed to like Kathryn a lot and we all had a good time - not to mention great pizza - and then we headed back home. Once again we made love, hotter and more passionate then Thursday night's loving. I came inside her twice before we curled up to sleep. As I drifted off, she was still shuddering from her own orgasms.

The next morning, someone knocked on the door at 9:00. I struggled to pull my sweats and a t-shirt on and staggered to the door. Kathryn had exhausted me. I looked through the eyepiece and was surprised to see my friends Kevin and Nancy from Bloomfield. I unlocked the door and invited them in.

"Thanks for the warning." I said, smiling as I hugged them. It had been quite a while since I had seen them.

"You told us Kathryn was coming this weekend, remember?"

I admitted that I didn't remember. Then again, I did have other things on my mind.

I asked them to make themselves at home while I woke Kathryn up and we got ready. I shut the bedroom door and slipped over to the mattress on the floor. I looked at Kathryn's nude form laying there. Her long reddish brown hair, full, beautiful breasts, smooth silky bottom and the thick, dark forest between her legs. I began kissing her cheek and moved down to her neck. She stirred and turned her chest into mine, brushing her bosoms against it. She opened her mouth and drew mine to it in a deep, passionate kiss. She urged me on top of her and my growing erection slipped into her mound. I pumped slowly in and out of her as she opened her eyes and smiled at me.

"What a way to wake up."

"I'd keep it down a little if I were you. Nancy and Kevin are out there."

Her eyes opened wide in surprise, but I coaxed her mind back on to what we were doing with a deep thrust inside her loins. She bit her lip to keep from crying out as her passion built towards a crescendo inside her hips. I felt her tightening up around my penis and I began to concentrate on my pleasure. Kathryn's was obviously intense enough and she started to buck. I thought about how deep I was inside her and how it might look when I come inside her. Then, as she let out a passionate gasp and I exploded. I began to spurt inside her and her vagina clasped me tightly. We both shuddered as our climaxes overtook us. Only after we collapsed against each other did I begin to wonder if Nancy and Kevin had heard anything. Nah, probably not. The TV was on, after all.

I should have known better. They told me later they were listening at the door. What friends.

Kathryn and I showered and dressed. I brought her out and introduced her to them. They had already seen her picture some time ago and had both told me how beautiful they thought she was. I guess shouldn't have been surprised when Kevin and Nancy both hugged her warmly. Kathryn blushed. I'm sure she wasn't used to their style at all.

I'd known Kevin for almost six years and Nancy for about one. Kevin had an unusual style, which put a lot of people off, but he was the kind of guy who would be there before you even knew you needed help. He was taller than me, about 6'4", with a strong build. He had shaggy, long brown hair and sported an equally scraggly beard. Despite this, though, he had a penetrating stare and I found him, well, sexy. Of course, that isn't the sort of thing I spread around.

Nancy was such a contrast to Kevin, being very small in stature. She was about 5'2" or so, long brown hair, sensual eyes, a nice medium chest and a fine bottom. Aside from getting me hard whenever she was around, she had this perfectly arousing purr. Oh, what a woman.

The four of us decided to hit China Coast for lunch, then headed for Kevin and Nancy's favorite place, the City Zoo. Kathryn seemed to be having the best time. I noticed that both of my friends were spending a lot of time with her as we went around. I caught Kevin giving her light shoulder rubs from time to time (I had forgotten to tell Kathryn that he was a professional masseuse and that Nancy was his student - facts which would be the start of our surprising, yet exciting weekend).

After we left the zoo we decided to see a movie, so I suggested the Hollywood Bar and Filmworks. We first went to Union Station and had a good dinner, then walked over to the Hollywood and got our tickets for "Color of Night". God what a sexy film. During the first lovemaking scenes, I felt Kathryn's hand wandering along my leg and up along my crotch. She felt how hard I was and winked at me, then smiled sexily. I let my hand explore her legs as well, then up between them, where she was hot from all the action on the screen. She let out a soft moan and I noticed Kevin and Nancy watching her.

Later on I was paying more attention to the movie when Nancy slipped into the seat next to me. Kevin moved next to Kathryn and was rubbing her shoulders - she was in good hands. We talked a little bit until another of the passionate sex scenes came up. I was getting really hot and so, apparently, was Nancy. She reached under the table and stroked my hand. Her skin was so soft and her touch was so sensual. I wanted so much to grab her and kiss her, but no, not there - though the desire was hard to resist. Then Nancy didn't make it any easier. Her hand slipped from my hand and slid up my leg. I stiffened as she began to explore the front of my pants and clasped my erection in her little hand. I gently moved my hips. On the screen was a hot and steamy shower scene and I imagined Nancy in the shower with me, her body soaked with moisture, stroking my member with her hands, then her body, and finally with her mouth. I almost came in my pants when I heard Kathryn moan quietly. I turned my head quickly and saw that Kevin's hand was under the table, cupping the hot bulge between her legs. He was rubbing her firmly and she was moving her hips slightly. I could see that distant look on her face as she closed her eyes and imagined something wonderful. We were all hot by the time the movie ended, so it's probably best that it ended when it did. We had to get out of there.

On the way home Kevin sat in front and Kathryn sat in back with Nancy. Nan had seemed really tired after the movie and it was about 16th and Lafayette when I looked in the rearview and saw something beautiful. Nancy lay sleeping in Kathryn's arms, curled up against my lover's ample chest. Kathryn's arm was draped around the small woman and she herself lay back into the corner of the back seat and was snoozing. I nudged Kevin and he looked in back, then turned to me with a smile. It was such a lovely, sexy sight.

* * * * *

When we reached the apartment we piled in and everyone crashed. I turned the air conditioning back on, went to the bathroom, then went into the bedroom to change into a cooler shirt. I looked at myself in the mirror as I took off my shirt and wondered about what had happened at the bar. I realized I was getting hard and took off my pants. I grabbed a pair of my sweats and started to put them on, but stopped as I saw my penis poking out of my boxers. I slipped my underwear down and looked at myself fully in the mirror. I tried to imagine Nancy on her knees in front of me, taking my erection lovingly in her hands and stroking it from base to tip and back. Then kissing it as she would reach back to stroke my testicles, finally slipping the head into her hot, wet mouth. I shuddered at the though of this happening with Kathryn watching and growing hot herself. I quickly pulled my boxers back on and climbed into my sweats and t-shirt, then tucked my erection down and headed for the living room.

I had intended to sit and cuddle with Kathryn, but I was rather astonished to find the coffee table moved away, the cushions from the couch scattered around, and my sweet Kathryn lying on her stomach on the couch. Kevin sat next to her and was in the midst of a rather aggressive massage of her back and shoulders, while Nancy was working on the calves of her bare legs. I knelt on the floor next to Nancy and observed her administrations to my girl. Nancy looked at me, smiled, and winked, then went back to work. I got up, moved around to the front of the couch, and knelt next to Kathryn's head. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open, allowing soft moans of pleasure and relaxation to come out.

"Enjoying yourself, are we?"

Her eyes blinked open and she smiled.

"Absolutely. You didn't tell me they were so talented."

"I didn't think you would be interested."

"In what? A massage?" she asked.

"Nevermind." I responded, leaning over to give her a kiss on the cheek.

Kevin's hands had reached her hips and he proceeded to rub her behind, which shocked her and caused her to lift her head, so her lips met mine and I grabbed her head to hold it for the length of the kiss. Kevin's attentions to her bottom continued as Nancy moved up to join him. Four hands explored and caressed her ass through her shorts. I continued to kiss her and let my hand wander down towards her breast, squeezing it until she gasped in pleasure. Kevin and Nancy watched and smiled as I pleasured my lover's chest. Her nipple was hard as a rock. Pinching it made Kathryn buck her hips and shove her tongue into my mouth. I pulled my mouth away from hers and began to ravage her face, then her throat, then the back of her neck, working down her back. I stopped at the top of her bottom, where my friends were still caressing her gently. I slipped my own hand into the fray and stroked the crease between her cheeks. She moaned as I slipped it further down, brushing her anus through her clothing. She wiggled her hips while I rubbed her. Nancy smiled as I took her hand and guided her fingers to my lover's sensitive spot. The young woman took delight in her new job and continued to rub Kathryn's anus while I slid my fingers down into the cleft of her buttocks. My lover continued squirming as my fingers probed her hot spot. She spread her legs and I pushed harder against her mound. She began to moan and she was getting wetter by the second. I took Kevin's hand and placed it against Kathryn's sex and he took over for me. My friends were always so helpful.

I kissed my way up Kathryn's ass and started to lick the bit of bare skin exposed by her shirt slipping from her shorts. She jumped and gasped. Her hips began to move around even more. Kevin and Nancy continued their pleasuring of her body while I tugged on my lover's shirt. Kathryn lifted her chest and allowed me to pull it free from her shorts, then slip it up past her breasts and over her head. She lay back on her stomach and I went back to licking her skin up along her spine and rubbing her shoulder blades. When my mouth reached it, I unhooked her bra and let the straps lay beside her, then went about all the kissing, licking, and caressing that I had to do.

Meanwhile, Nancy and Kevin were experimenting with their new jobs. I watched as Nancy nuzzled against Kathryn's ass, kissing it through the fabric of her shorts. Kevin pressed into Kathryn's mound even harder, causing my girl to make her crotch even wetter. His fingers found the slight bud of her clitoris and began to press there. She squealed as the first waves of orgasm began to make themselves known. Nancy smiled at Kevin and they switched jobs. Kevin began kissing her anus through her shorts as Nancy rubbed her mound furiously.

I started to bite my lover's neck as I heard her breathing building up. Kathryn started to turn. She rolled onto her back and clutched her bra to her breasts. Kevin didn't miss a beat and dropped his head between her open legs, pressing his face into her crotch and making her thrust up against it. Nancy caressed Kevin's head and neck while he feasted on my girl's sex, then reached up and started to undo her shorts. I pulled Kathryn's hands away from her breasts and slowly slipped her bra cups down off her chest. She blushed furiously as her bare breasts were exposed to my friends. Kevin didn't break, but Nancy oooo'ed at the sight of her full chest and taught nipples. She reached up a hand after unzipping Kathryn's shorts and caressed her right breast. I kissed my lover and reached a hand down to join Nancy. We both massaged her breast, squeezing her bosom, tugging the nipple, and generally making Kathryn moan. I pulled my mouth from hers and moved down to her breast, kissing all around Nancy's diligent fingers on my lover's chest. Kat was pumping her hips now and our attention was drawn to Kevin as he pulled Kathryn's shorts down and off. We all looked and admired the thick bulge in her panties and the small tufts of pubic hair the poked out along the inside of her thighs. We could all smell her scent of arousal and realized that we, too, were as aroused as she was. Kevin began to lower his head back between her legs, but I nudged him back. I knew Kathryn was still nervous and I wanted to be the first one to attend to her, to put her at ease.

Nancy moved up to Kathryn's chest and Kevin knelt beside her hips. I lowered my head between her legs and began nuzzling her sex through her panties. I smelled her hot, desiring scent and could no longer resist the urge to remove the last obstruction between my passion and hers. I slid my hands down under her ass and grabbed the elastic of her panties and pulled. They came down quickly in back, but moved slowly in front as they revealed the forest of hair covering her mound. Finally I pulled them past her knees and off her feet. Kevin and Nancy looked admiringly at her hair, lips, and the tip of her pink clitoris. I pushed her legs open and parted her labia with my hands. Her sex opened to me, allowing me to see up into my lover's body. It was so wet and pink and dark inside. I was so moved my her beauty that I dove down on her and she screamed in pleasure as my tongue plunged into her. I grabbed her hips as she began bucking against me. It wasn't long now.

Kevin reached in and began to stroke my lover's clitoris while I ate her sex and Nancy started caressing Kathryn's breasts. My friend's small mouth moved toward my lover's bosom. It was such an exciting sight to witness Nancy suckling Kathryn's breasts like an infant. Kat's hand reached up to caress Nancy's hair and back while she sucked. Her gasps came quicker and she exploded suddenly when my finger began to probe her anus. Kathryn gasped my name as I shoved everything into her as deep as I could. Kevin rubbed her clitoris faster and faster and Nancy began to tug at her nipples. My lover bucked and bucked as she came. A torrent of her juices flowed down my face. It was the most powerful orgasm she had ever had.

Nancy caressed Kathryn's face as she began to calm down. One hand remained on Kathryn's breast, massaging it. Kat smiled at Nancy and my friend leaned over and softly kissed my lover on the mouth. The two exchanged the kiss for only a few moments, but it was like forever I was later told. Her chest continued to rise and fall deeply as she sat up on her elbow and reached out for me. I moved up between her legs and leaned over her to kiss her deeply. She grabbed me and shoved her tongue in my mouth. As we kissed she tugged at my shirt, removing it. Then her hands went for my sweats, but she couldn't get them down. As I started to sit up to pull them down, someone was already doing it. Kevin pulled them down, boxers too, past my ass and to my knees. With help from Nancy, who looked with a smile at my erection, he completely removed them from me. Kathryn looked at Nancy, who reached out and touched my penis, and reached out her own hand as well. The two women caressed my sex. Kathryn stroked it back and forth and Nancy reached back and caressed my testicles. I moaned softly. Kevin reached down between Kat's legs and caressed her still-wet sex, spreading her lips open. Nancy pulled my penis away from Kathryn's hand and pointed it down towards my lover's mound. She rubbed the head against Kat's clitoris. My erection tingled in Nancy's grip, her soft hands arousing me immensely. Then she pushed it down into my lover's sex. Kevin reached in and grabbed my cock. It felt so good to have his hand gripping me. He put the head all the way inside Kathryn and caressed me back and forth a little bit. Then, on my own, I pushed forward into her and slid in all the way up to my balls. Kat and I gasped at the same time. Kevin and Nancy looked at each other and grinned.

"Looks like they're going to have fun."

I began thrusting in and out of Kathryn steadily. We moved into a rhythm of passion, which was already heated up by our experience with my friends. I felt hands caressing my back as I moved. Nancy was working her way down my back as Kevin worked his way up Kathryn's chest. His mouth clamped to her breast and Kat groaned. Nancy's fingers explored the valley between my buttocks, stroking down towards my anus. My buttocks shook with each thrust of my phallus into my lover's canal of passion. Nancy's touch aroused me all the more and I grunted when I felt her finger begin to penetrate my ass. I must have felt very tight around her finger because I gripped her with my anus as soon as I felt her enter me. Then her mouth found its way to my bottom and she began licking me all over. Soon her finger was joined by her tongue. It was such a strange feeling having her tongue inside my ass, so warm and pleasant. So fiery. Her other hand wandered down to my balls, squeezing them in time to my thrusts. Oh God, I was so close to exploding.

Kevin's explorations and caresses had brought Kathryn equally far. His mouth had been on every inch of her bosoms and now it worked its way up to her throat, biting her gently. One hand slid around her neck and held her head while the other slid from her breast towards our joining. When it arrived it began stroking her clitoris. He was kissing her neck now and working up to her mouth. Kat opened wide and took Kevin's tongue hotly inside. Watching them kiss made me thrust faster and deeper. Nancy's finger wriggled around inside me and her mouth soaked my balls. I was about to climax.

The two of us were bucking hard together. Kevin's tongue was deep in Kat's mouth and his fingers dance roughly over her clitoris. Two of Nancy's fingers were buried deep in my ass and her mouth was sucking on my balls. My cock was throbbing inside my lover and her vagina was squeezing me tightly. Finally I let go and began to come.

"Oh God, Kathryn! Oh oh oh! God, I'm coming! Uhhhhnnn! Oh, I love you!"

Nancy felt me pulsing inside my loins and her mouth tightened around my balls. I bucked passionately inside of Kathryn until the tip of my cock hit her cervix. She moaned into Kevin's mouth and they broke from the kiss so she could scream her ecstasy.

"Oh Patrick, oh God. Yes! God it's so good!"

I pounded into Kathryn, grinding my pelvis against hers as I came. Nancy squeezed my balls and shoved her finger as deep as she could inside me. My whole member swelled and semen squirted out of me against the entrance to Kat's womb. Wave after wave of white liquid gushed out and splattered against her cervix. Nancy felt it all through my anus and wriggled her finger around as it passed. My pleasure endured for long minutes, even after every drop of my cum was spent inside Kathryn. Finally we collapsed, my chest pressed against her breasts. Nancy pulled her finger from my bottom and Kevin pulled his hand out from between us. He caressed my back and hips and Nancy began to caress Kathryn's face and arms. I remained inside my lover for quite a long time until we were both calm enough to move. We shifted around on the couch so that I lay beside her on my side and Kathryn lay on her back. I wrapped my arm around her just below her breasts and lay my head on her shoulder. Kevin and Nancy looked at us. Nancy leaned over Kathryn and kissed her on the mouth, then moved her mouth to mine. It was such a warm feeling. Then Kevin kissed Kathryn passionately. When they broke, he lifted his mouth to mine. I hesitated for a moment, then gave in to desire and kissed him warmly as well. It was a very pleasant feeling. I lay my head back down and rested, brushing my hand lightly against Kat's breast. Then we watched as Nancy and Kevin decided to entertain us...
