 We had had moved from our home of five years to one four hours away, leaving our friends behind but not forgotten. Our best friends Scott and Sam were coming up to see us for the first time. We were going to show them our new home and our new town. I hoped to show them a bit more than that though.

Liz, my wife, was very excited by the visit since she had been missing having close friends despite trying to forge new friendships with neighbors and co-workers. I loved watching her five foot five inch body cleaning and cooking. When she bent over to my heart started to race as her great butt was shown to me through her tight jeans. Her 42fDD's were hidden behind a thick sweatshirt though, disappointing me. Of course her blue eyes and shoulder length blond hair always made me happy.

Scott and Sam were just a couple hours from showing up so I thought the time was right to start my wife's motor running. I walked over to her as she was making dinner and started kissing her neck and running my hands up her thighs. This is when she smelled her favorite cologne on my chest.

"You're being bad! Now let me cook or I will burn the dinner," She said as I continued to kiss her neck and cheeks. 

"Oh, just want you to have fun tonight."

"I will but not if you get me all turned on. I won't be able to play the games." I laughed inside because the games I was planning on playing needed her to be more than just turned on. 

Around eight Scott and Sam pulled up to the house. We welcomed them in and sat down to dinner. Sam was a redhead that also looked good in a tight pair of jeans. Her breasts were smaller than Liz's but she had nothing to be ashamed of. Scott and I had been confused for brothers for years. Both of us were 6 foot tall, lean but muscular and had sandy blond hair. 

Our discussion went down hill as the beer and margaritas flowed. Soon we started talking about sex, which happened every time we were together drinking. We had experimented sexually with Scott and Sam a number of times, everything from innocent games of strip poker to having sex together. While we had never had sex with the others spouse we all had received oral from them. Our wives had even gone down on each other a couple times.

As soon as dinner was over the girls started to clean up, but this started with them pouring more margaritas themselves. I pulled Scott to the side to show him my office and the shop. As we got into the office I closed the doors and explained to what I hoped would happen tonight. I told him that I knew he wanted to screw Liz since he had always joked about what she must be like in bed. I also told him that I had a couple games that Liz had talked about; I thought they would break the ice and get things moving.

We started by playing a DVD game about movies. Not one of the games that Scott and I wanted but it got things moving. Scott then said he wanted to choose the next game. He decided on Jenga, just like I told him to. This was one that Susie and I had played about a month back and had written on each block a number and two letters. As we set it up Sam noticed the writing and asked what it was for.

"The numbers are always either a one or two. Those correspond to the pieces of clothing that someone of your choosing has to take off if you get the block out successfully," I explained to her, "but we can play it regular if you want."

"Sounds great!" Scott shouted and then looked at Sam expectedly.

"What are the letters for?" She asked a little hesitantly.

"Well one of the letters stand for different sex acts. The other is which side of you, left or right, has to perform the act on you for 30 seconds. The sex only starts after everyone is naked though. But again we don't have to play that way if you don't want to."

Scott said he was game but wouldn't force Sam into anything. Sam thought for a moment and decided that she would play it with the alternate rules, but if she was uncomfortable we would stop. Liz seconded that and we sat down were boy-girl around the coffee table. I sat next to Sam on the floor, and Scott was right next to Liz on the couch. 

Within about 10 minutes everyone was naked. Sam and Liz looked a little nervous. Sam then glanced over at me, I smiled at her and then she looked down. I don't think she expected me to be fully erect already and her eyes got a little bigger. I notice Liz do the same thing to Scott. Scott and I winked at each other and moved on with the game. 

Sam was the first to draw a tile with the sex rules in place. She drew an "OL," which meant that I would go down on her. Scott started the timer and I started to lick. Her pussy was moist already; apparently we had managed to turn her on. She started to moan as I worked her clit with my tongue and slipping it inside her. Her legs tightened around my head as she came, her juices coated my chin. The buzzer went off and I sat up. Sam looked up at me and smiled. 

Scott was up next. He drew a "HL." Sam had to jack him off. Scott seamed to really enjoy the attention, as she gripped his balls and rubbed his cock up and down. The buzzer went off soon and Liz took her turn. She drew an "OR" and I moved over to her and started to lick her very wet pussy. I knew how to bring her to orgasm quickly and she came twice in the 30 seconds. 

My turn was next. I drew a "SL." It's a good thing that I had gotten Liz really tuned on last turn because I got to have sex with her now. She moved onto the floor and spread her legs, licking her lips invitingly. I moved on top of her and started to push inside her cunt slowly. I heard Scott start the timer and I started to thrust quicker. 

Liz really got into the show. She started moaning. Her back started to arch under me as my pace quickened. I loved the feel of her tight pussy. I could feel her G spot brush the head of my cock with every thrust. She came under me with a loud gasp and then collapsed. I continued to thrust for a few more seconds until the buzzer went off. I reluctantly slid out of her. She groaned but went on with the game. 

Sam looked a bit nervous at her next draw but carefully slid a tile out. "SL," she read nervously from the tile and then looked at Scott. He told her she did not have to if she did not want to. She looked at Liz and then slowly at me. She smiled slowly and told everyone she wasn't sure if she could do it. Wanting to keep things going I told her that Liz could take my spot if she wanted her too. 

Liz looked very surprised but said she was game if Sam was. Sam thought for a second and said "OK." Scott and I looked at each other happily as Liz moved over to Sam and gently pushed her back. Liz spread Sam's legs and then lowered her head to her moist box. Scott started the timer but set it for 60 seconds instead of 30. He wanted to enjoy watching the show the girls were about to give us. 

Liz started to lick Sam's clit slowly and tentatively at first. As Sam started to gyrate her hips in time to my wife's licks. Sam then started to say things to Liz that surprised me coming out of Sams mouth like "Eat my cunt bitch," and "Suck on my clit." Sam grabbed my wife's head and pushed it into her crotch, holding it there while my wife pleasured her expertly. It was incredibly erotic and three orgasms later the buzzer went off. 

Liz then moved up and kissed Sam deeply. They stayed in the embrace for a long time, French kissing. Scott finally said "My turn," and they broke the kiss. 

Scott pulled his block out of the teetering stack. It was a "OL." Sam looked at him and said that she needed a few minutes and maybe Liz could do it. Liz looked at Sam and then at Scotts waiting cock. 

"Well since I took my husbands turn, and just performed orally on your wife so I think we should upgrade that tile to sex," Liz said to Scott and Sam. Sam looked surprised but then said that she was okay with it. Liz lay back on the couch and Scott moved over her. Susie grabbed his penis and guided into her waiting pussy.

As he gently entered her she let out a light gasp. Scott then started to thrust into Liz harder and faster then I ever thought possible. Liz arched her back and then screamed Scott's name. This only fueled his passion and he drove into her even harder. Sam was a bit surprised at his ferocity and moved over to sit closer to me on the floor. 

Sam gently grabbed my cock and started rubbing. This was turning her on as much as it was me. We were seeing our spouses have sex with someone else for the first time and it was amazing. It was after Liz came a second time I realized we forgot to set the timer. I called time and they slowly separated. The passion in their eyes was a little bit disconcerting but I knew it was because they just had sex with each other for the first time.

After a few moments to compose herself, Liz grabbed the next tile. She was about to read what it said when the pile toppled over towards her. "Well Liz looses," I said happily.

"What does that mean?" Sam asked. 

"Well we get to have our way with her and she can't do anything about it," I explained. Scott and Sam were a bit confused but I just grabbed Liz by the hand and took her to our bedroom. I ripped off the top sheet to expose the tie downs underneath. Liz lay down on the bed and we tied her down. I then got the blindfold and her walkman out of the drawer and put both on her, turning on the music.

I told Sam and Scott that now she could not see or hear us. Sam smiled and said now she could return the pleasure that she got earlier. Sam then went over and started to lick at Liz's waiting pussy. Liz started to thrust her hips up into the Sam's mouth. Liz had no idea who was pleasuring her but it was obvious she liked it. Scott the moved over Liz's head putting his cock to her mouth. She took it into her mouth and started sucking for all she was worth. 

Not wanting to be left out I moved behind Sam and for the first time begun having sex with another woman. Hey pussy felt wonderful. She had a small amount of hair around her hole and with every thrust it tickled my balls. I couldn't believe that this was happening. Sam started to eat Liz with more passion with every thrust I put into her. It was incredible watching Sam suck on my wife's pussy as she sucked on my best friends cock. It was to intense for me and I came inside Sam as the walls of her cunt constricted around my cock. 

As soon as I pulled out Sam moved up and pushed her husband out of the way. Scott took the hint and moved to start having sex with my wife again, putting a pillow under her ass.

While I waited to recover I watch Liz eat my cum out Sam's pussy and Scott pounding into my wife. Liz loved the attention she was getting and began to have a string of orgasms. Sam not to be outdone started screaming a string of cuss words as she too started to com. 

Between Liz and Sam cumming Scott could not contain himself. He came into Liz with a guttural grunt. Liz loved the feeling of come flooding into her and she began to have another orgasm. As soon as Scott pulled his already softening dick out, Sam fell face forward and began to lick my wife pussy. She sucked on her hole trying to get the jizz out of Liz. They were 69'ing which made me even get instantly hard again.

I moved to start fucking my wife and was surprised when Sam licked my cock with every stroke. I could still feel Scott's cum in my wife and it was incredibly warm. My wife started to orgasm and the constriction of her walls plus Sam's tongue sliding on my cock made it impossible to hold out any longer. I pulled out and started to spray sperm onto Sam's face and my wife's well used cunt. Sam and I looked at each other and smiled. 

We left Liz tied up all night, but took the headphones out. We would leave her for a while and then come back and start up again. We even let her sleep that way as we all slept around her. It made it convenient to have sex with her when we woke up. It was the most incredible night of our lives, at least until we played twister the next night!