 It was another hot and sticky summer's day, so it was to be minimum dress and outdoors, with lots of cold drinks. Julie was wearing her yellow bikini and Simon his cut-off shorts - although he'd no plans to keep them on any longer than necessary!

They'd had lunch indoors, during which they'd had a couple of glasses each of ice-cold white wine, and they'd just settled down outside again. They were seated in the recliner chairs, the remains of the wine in glasses beside them. Julie had removed her top, but kept her briefs on. Simon, however, had removed his shorts so that he was naked, enjoying the feeling of the sun's rays on his manhood.

"Ding, dong." The front doorbell rang.

"I'll get it," said Julie. "You'd better cover up!"

"Could you get some more wine from the fridge on your way back, darling?" Simon asked. 

Julie put on her top and tied her wrap around her waist, then she went into the house to answer the door.

Standing at the door was Joe, the son of the gardener who came around once a month. Joe was about twenty-five, slightly taller than Simon, and with substantially more hair - long enough that he tied it at the back in a ponytail! He was wearing loose fitting dungarees, a white t-shirt and a pair of worker's boots.

"Afternoon, Mrs. Brown" he said politely. "My Dad can't make it next week; he sends his apologies and says that, if it's ok with you, I can do the work today."

"Sure, I don't see why not. We're in the back sunbathing, but I'm sure you can work around us."

"Great" said Joe, "I'll get my stuff from the van and get started."

Julie smiled, closed the door and, after picking up the bottle of wine from the fridge, returned to the garden and Simon.

"Who was that?" Simon enquired.

"It was Mike's son, Joe. He's come to do next week's work as Mike can't make it." Julie replied, settling back into her chair.

"That should keep you entertained for the afternoon" Simon jibed. Julie had often mentioned how hunky Joe was, and he knew that she had a thing about ponytails on guys.

"Ha, ha" she retorted.

Joe was busy in the front garden, and Simon, never being one to be self-conscious, decided to go naked once again. "Come on hunny, get your top off. I'm sure you won't embarrass Joe," he prompted.

"If you insist" she said with a feigned reluctance and, releasing the simple knots, removed her bikini top.

After a while, Simon reached over for the wine and poured Julie another glass. As he passed the glass to her, a small drip of condensation fell from the glass onto Julie's tummy. She jumped and squealed "you swine!"

"Sorry, darling. It was an accident - honestly!" Simon quickly replied. He leapt out of his chair and quickly licked up the moisture and kissed her tummy warm again. He stayed where he was, kneeling down, and continued kissing Julie's abdomen when, from the other end of the garden, he heard Joe's voice.

"Oops, excuse me!" Joe apologised.

Simon looked round and spotted Joe standing on the lawn. "Hey, don't worry about it, I was just making amends for an accident I'd had. Hope you don't mind our lack of clothing, we happen to like the all-over tan look."

Simon had stood up and Julie could see that his penis, whilst still hanging down, was an impressive size. She couldn't help wondering what Joe would look like in similar circumstances!

"Not a problem, I often do the same. I'm going to start on this part of the garden now, if that's alright," Joe replied.

"Sure" Simon responded, as he got back into his chair.

Julie watched Joe as he started to tidy the borders, "shall I offer him a drink? Maybe a beer?"

"I'm sure a beer would be gratefully received" Simon said.

"Joe, would you like a cold beer?" Julie called.

"You bet!" Joe replied enthusiastically.

Julie got up, not bothering to put her top on, just re-tying the wrap under her arms, knowing full well that it was see-through and her breasts would be clearly visible. She went into the kitchen, got the beer and returned to the garden. She padded over the lawn to where Joe was working and held the beer out to him. "Here you go, enjoy," she said, as he reached out to take it off her. She noted that he couldn't help but glance down before re-establishing eye contact, and she smiled at him, noting that he had blushed slightly. "You must be hot in those dungarees".

"Actually, now you come to mention it, I am. I think I've brought some shorts with me, so I may put them on instead." He said, as much to cover his embarrassment as anything else.

Julie returned to her chair, took off the wrap, and settled down once again.

"You been teasing the staff again?" Simon joked.

"As if!" Julie joked back.

Julie picked up her glass and sipped the wine; casually glancing around the garden and ending were Joe was standing. She saw that he was rummaging inside his backpack, and wondered what he was looking for. It soon became apparent when he pulled out a pair of shorts and laid them down on the grass. She watched him stand up and then realised what he was about to do - he was going to get changed right there! She thought about glancing away, but couldn't resist the temptation to hold her gaze.

She watched as Joe unclipped the braces of his dungarees and flicked them over his shoulders. He then lifted his t-shirt over his head and dropped it to the floor. She noted the way the muscles in his back rippled and those in his arms bulged - he obviously worked out! However, it was about to get a whole lot more interesting!

His hands went to the right-hand side of his dungarees as they rested on his hips and, no sooner had he unfastened the two buttons there, than they fell to his ankles exposing a gorgeous, pert bottom! She stared as he sat down with his back to her and proceeded to pull his dungarees over his boots. Once he'd removed them, he got to his feet and stood there, still with his back to her, naked but for his boots. He looked even more hunky than she'd originally thought.

"Wow!" thought Julie, "what a body!" She couldn't help wondering what the 'front' of him was like, and remained transfixed just in case she got a glimpse; she wasn't disappointed! 

He turned to face Julie, but should couldn't look away; she was transfixed on his body - and he knew it! He had a well toned body, no chest hair, a serious six-pack, but not too muscular, and a bushy pubic region that Julie wasn't used to seeing as Simon always kept his trimmed short. His penis was limp but must have been a good six inches, maybe more, and it swayed from side-to-side as he moved.

He stood there, looking at Julie, smiling, quite arrogantly really, and rubbed his hands over his chest, down his hips, and then brought them together and ran them down the length of his shaft. Julie gulped but remained mesmerized as it sprung outwards, starting to point in her direction.

Then, breaking the spell, he reached down and picked up his shorts. He stepped into them and, as he pulled them up and over his cute buttocks and manhandled his penis undercover, she found herself feeling disappointed that he'd covered up.

Julie broke her gaze and looked up, only to find that Joe was looking straight back at her! He smiled at her and Julie couldn't help but smile back at him. He was obviously a very confident young man, she thought to herself. She looked away, settled back into her chair, and closed her eyes - unable to get the image of Joe out of her mind.

The afternoon passed, Julie and Simon finishing off the second bottle of wine, and Joe several more bottles of beer as he busied himself around the garden. The wine was making Julie very relaxed, but also quite giggly and, more to the point, very horny! Since witnessing the impromptu striptease, she hadn't been able to get the images out of her head, and she could feel the dampness between her legs - a sure sign that she'd been well turned on.

It was about four O'clock and still very warm. Simon called across to Joe, "you can call it a day if you like, Joe. You've done more than enough in this heat."

"Thanks Mr Brown, I am pretty hot now."

Without thinking, Julie added, "you can take a shower if you want. And stop with the Mr and Mrs Brown - it's Simon and Julie"

"Ok Julie. A shower would be great." He replied gratefully.

"I'll show you where it is". Julie got up but didn't even bother with the wrap this time, let alone her top. She walked carefully, but slightly unsteady from the wine, towards the house and Joe followed her in. She led the way upstairs, her gorgeous breasts jiggling as she climbed each step, and stopped in the bathroom doorway, "Help yourself to shower gel on the shelf, and take your time - no rush."

"Thanks Julie, this is real kind of you. I don't get this service from many of my customers!" Joe said, smiling.

Joe stepped forward and, as he passed Julie in the doorway, brushed against her left breast with his arm.

"Oops, sorry!" he exclaimed, with a feigned apology.

Julie knew that he'd done it on purpose, but let it go - after all, it had sent a most enjoyable shockwave through her body!

"I'll let you off, just this once!"

"Do you know something, Julie? You've got lovely boobs," he cheekily replied. "Simon's a very lucky man."

Julie blushed and, without replying, left him to it. She went into the bedroom to find Simon sat on the bed.

"So, what do you think of our gardener? Your very own Lady Chatterley's Lover? Better than Shaun Bean?" asked Simon.

"I'd have to say yes," replied Julie with a broad grin on her face.

"Thought you'd say that. I saw you watching him when he got changed. Did he live up to expectations?"

"Oh, far more!"

They smiled at each other and Simon leaned over to pat her bottom and give her a quick, but loving kiss.

"Julie, can I have a towel please?" Joe called from the bathroom.

"Oops! Sure!" she called back.

"You never miss a trick, do you!" Simon said with a big smile.

Julie went to the draw below the bed and pulled out a face cloth. "Do you think this would do?" she joked to Simon.

"Sure, you could probably offer to 'pat' him dry, but I doubt he'd stay dry for long!"

She picked up a full size towel and went to the bathroom door. She knocked and waited, but Joe called out, "could you bring it in please, I don't want to make the floor wet."

Julie braced herself, placed her hand, slightly shaking, on the door handle, and opened the door. She stepped in and saw Joe standing, facing her, in the bath, his body glistening from the water. His penis was no longer limp, but well on its way to an erection, pointing straight at her as she stood there, and was now more like nine inches in length and quite fat. He made no attempt to cover up, just stood there and put out a hand for the towel. Julie took a step closer and offered the towel. He took it and, while looking straight into Julie's eyes, swung it behind his neck and let it dangle there, while placing his hands on his hips. He stood there, smiling until Julie finally made the move to leave.

"See you in a moment", he called after her.

"Yep, you just might" she replied, before realising what she was saying!

Julie went back into the bedroom to Simon, placed a hand on each of his shoulders, and kissed him hard and wantonly.

"My, you're up for it, aren't you my love!" Simon whispered, as he cupped her breasts to find the nipples already hard and erect.

"You can talk" she replied as she reached down to grab his rock-hard penis. She pulled her face away from Simon's and lowered it down to his lap, swallowing his penis deep into her mouth as she did. 

"I want this, now!" she demanded, climbing up onto the bed on all fours, facing the door, and wiggling her bottom in Simon's direction. "Come on big boy, take me from behind!"

Simon didn't hesitate. He grabbed at either side of her briefs and yanked them down, over her knees and off. He could see the pink of her sex lips gaping before him, beckoning him in. He climbed up onto the bed behind her, placed a hand on each hip, and impaled her with his shaft.

"Oh yes, that's what I wanted! Now hold it there and push!" she commanded.

He did as he was told, pushing his penis as deep as he could into Julie's vagina. She moaned as he did, enjoying the feeling of being completely filled by Simon.

Suddenly, the bathroom door opened and Julie found herself looking straight at Joe, standing there with the towel wrapped around his waist, his ample penis imitating a tent pole in the front, looking straight back at her.

"Don't mind me," Joe offered, "I'll just dress and be off." 

Julie quickly responded before Joe could make a move, "Hey, don't go! I'm sure I can find some more for you to do! I don't think it'll be gardening though!"

Joe entered the bedroom without hesitation and walked towards Julie.

Leaning back into Simon's lap, still impaled on his shaft, she reached forward with one hand and pulled the towel from his waist, letting it fall to the ground, revealing his now fully erect penis, right in front of her face. She took hold of it with the same hand and pulled him closer towards her until she could lick its tip. She ran her tongue all around it, and over its opening, feeling him twitch every time she pushed the tip of her tongue slightly into it.

Julie lifted her bottom upwards and Simon took the hint that she wanted him to start moving again. He winked at Joe, as if to say 'it's alright with me', and began slowly easing in and out of her.

Julie revelled in the power that she had over these two men - she never thought she'd end up having a threesome! She ran her tongue all the way down Joe's shaft and over his hairy balls, unlike Simon's smooth ones. She lightly nipped on the underside of his penis with her teeth, making it shudder. She pulled at his foreskin, his thick, bulbous head turning dark purple as it swelled to its maximum size. She wrapped her lips around it and sucked on it, all the time feeling Simon's own rod pounding into her. She sucked Joe deep into her mouth, pursing her lips tightly around him, her hand running up and down him in unison.

Joe reached under Julie and took a breast in each of his large hands. He squeezed them quite roughly, but in this scenario, Julie really didn't care. He played with her nipples, circling them with his fingers and then pulling at them, making them ache for even more attention.

Simon reached round to her clitoris, rubbing it hard as he continued to pump her - this was bliss, she thought to herself. She pulled her mouth off Joe and, at the same time, pulled her bum away from Simon so that his penis came out of her. "Don't worry boys, just changing position; you'll be back in soon enough!" She rolled over onto her back and edged her bottom towards the edge of the bed. 

Simon took the hint, stood on the floor and, taking hold of her legs to lift them up, entered her again. Turning her head towards Joe, she reached out for his penis and pulled it towards her mouth, running the underneath of his shaft over her lips and kissing it along its very full length. She moved her spare hand down to circle Simon's penis and gave him a comforting squeeze. She needn't have worried; Simon was enjoying this as much as she was. Then she placed a couple of fingers on her clitoris and started rubbing it in time with Simon's strokes. She pulled Joe back into her mouth and sucked him hard while pulling his foreskin up and down - it wasn't going to be long before someone finally lost it, she thought.

Joe had returned his attention to Julie's breasts and nipples, and Julie could feel her orgasm approaching, but she was determined that everyone was going to finish together. She increased the speed of her hand on Joe's penis, and increased the motion of her fingers on her clit, which in-turn signalled Simon to increase his rhythm. She could tell that both men were nearly there, by the grunts and moans they were making. 

Joe was the first, his penis spurting a stream of thick, white semen into Julie's mouth and over her breasts. She gulped it down greedily and rubbed it over her soft skin. Within moments, Simon was bucking into her and she could feel his cum splash against her insides. That was enough to take her over the edge and her orgasm exploded, while she still held onto Joe, and Simon remained inside her. 

"Oh, my, god!" she exclaimed, "That was something else!"

"You can say that again!" Simon and Joe said, almost as one.

Simon slowly pulled out of Julie, and she eased up the bed, still holding Joe's still ample penis in her hand. Simon laid down beside her on the left and Joe took the hint and did the same on her right. 

Julie reached out with her other hand and took hold of Simon's still semi-rigid penis, giving it a playful tug. The two blokes looked over towards each other and, without saying a word, leaned in towards Julie's breasts and gently kissed a nipple each. They then lowered their heads onto the pillows and all three of them dozed off, Julie still clutching their shafts.

Julie stirred from her slumber, smiling as she realised that she still had hold of the two items that had been the focus of her attention not an hour ago - albeit somewhat more flaccid than they had been. 

"Let's see what I can do about these," she thought to herself as she gave them each a playful squeeze.

She sat up and turned round onto her knees, facing them both. She leant forward and gave each of the limp, but still ample shafts, a long, lingering kiss in turn. They both came to life and started to swell in response - Julie switching back and forth, giving them equal attention.

The men woke and, on realising why, raised their heads and smiled at Julie as she glanced up towards them, not taking her mouth off Simon's penis or letting go of Joe's. As Julie continued to share her attention, Simon reached down to cup and fondle her breasts, while Joe eased a finger into her soaking slit and proceeded to delve deep within her.

They continued like this for an age, Julie still revelling in the power she had over the two men, but also enjoying the attention she was receiving from them. Both of their shafts were rock-hard again, their foreskins rolled back and the enlarged, purple heads shiny with the pre-cum oozing from their tips and Julie's saliva. Julie's sex lips were swollen and wide open, Joe having added two more fingers to the task, her clitoris hard and standing proud, enjoying all the attention it was getting.

"Right, let's find somewhere to put these," she said as she gave each rod another kiss.

She lifted a knee to allow Simon to slide underneath her, then sat on his thighs - his penis standing upright just in front of her.

"Joe, reach into that draw and get the tube of KY, would you?" She said, pointing at her chest-of-drawers.

Joe obliged and handed it to Julie.

Julie took the tube, then beckoned to Joe to come nearer. "Right you, you're about to go somewhere no man has gone before, so you need to be well prepared!"

She squeezed a handful of the slippery gel into her palm, then reached out to his penis smoothing it on from top to bottom. She finished off by putting some more gel on her fingertips and pressing it into her anus.

"Now, let's get this show on the road!" Julie lifted off Simon, took hold of his penis and guided him inside her vagina. Then she leant forward, pushing her breasts into Simon's chest and giving him a hard, long kiss.

Julie wiggled her bum and said, "Come on then Joe, let's see if you'll fit!"

Joe climbed onto the bed behind Julie then, taking his very slippery shaft in his hands, guided it towards her rear hole. Initially, Julie tensed up, not sure that this was such a good idea now. But then the bravado she'd felt before returned - the wine was a major factor in that - and she relaxed her body. The initial contact between her bottom and his penis was a bit of a shock, as the gel made it feel cold, but then she felt him pushing against her anus and she braced herself for what was to come.
