 PART 4 -- AN ORGY IS THE FRIENDLIEST THING EIGHT PEOPLE CAN DO.

Our old ivy covered college dorm had an annex on the fourth floor, which contained four rooms and a common room, nicknamed the Sky Club. When we drew into this room, we considered ourselves lucky, but we did not know quite how lucky. We were a diverse group, in this co-ed college being four boys and four girls. But our leader quickly became The Geek. Mike was his name, but his skill with the computer earned him the title, which in today's colleges has almost become one of respect.

Mike's cherished laptop bore the name of Nostradamus, and in the preceding weeks, as Chapters One, Two and Three of this story tell, it had been programmed to generate random numbers which led us into more and more interesting sexy games. It started with stripping in week one, making out and rubbing each other in week two, and in week three following Nostradamus' randomized commands to full sexual satisfaction. Over the next thee weeks we had continued that game, so by now we had pretty much all had each partner in every possible way. We all found obeying a computer's random orders both strangely releasing and strangely satisfying.

Interestingly, the Saturdays became our little separate world. We all looked forward to them, but the sexual activity between us (except for the long standing relationship between Jamaal and Anna Marie) did not continue into the week. We did not form into couples, nor did we visit each others beds during the week. Several of us had dates from outside the Sky Club, sometimes even a Saturday evening date after the afternoon's fun. We had all become very relaxed with each other and the Sky Club was filled with banter and jokes, and we usually lounged around the common room in various stages of dress or undress.

On Thursday evening, we were all lounging in the common room. The Geek said, "Does anybody remember that old college movie where they had a TOGA PARTY?" 

Anna Marie replied, "Oh, it was called Animal House. It is an antique, but very funny."  

"Well," The Geek replied. "Nostradamus is going to give us a Toga Party on Saturday. He will print out suggestions for costumes for you." Mike never considered his computer to be anything but a superior being, and always personified it when he spoke. He was the youngest among us, barely turned 18, but he was a junior because he had been admitted to the college at 16.

On Saturday we all tore the sheets from our beds, and arranged them around ourselves in what we considered a Roman fashion. I knew I was wearing nothing under my sheet, and hoped the others were similarly prepared. Stripping was usually the prelude to our Saturday games now.

We gathered in the common room. Jamaal, large, black and a jock, had his tunic draped over one shoulder revealing part of his muscular chest, and his massive legs showing below its edge as he lay back in the largest chair in the room. Perched on his lap as usual was his girlfriend Anna Marie. I was not quite sure how she managed to drape her sheet over her large boobs without shoulder straps, but they moved delightfully under the thin fabric. She had arranged for one long leg to stick out of the side of the toga enticingly.

The other girls sat on the couch in their usual places. Kia, a petite Asian girl, seemed swathed in her tunic. Next to her Faleesha, coffee-with-cream color and a stunning beauty, had draped her sheet around her neck covering her completely in front, but leaving her back enticingly bare down to the top of her buttocks. Sara, our fiery Hispanic girl, had somehow achieved a Spanish Dancer effect with an off the shoulder low hung top over her pointed breasts, and a full skirt.

We three other boys were not so inventive. We all shared a confused John Belushi look in our wrapping of the togas. Jose and I (Aaron) were in the chairs. Mike was at the desk with Nostradamus, and he had managed to string up two sheets across the end of the room to separate a small area. "All parties should begin with entertainment," he said. "Nostradamus has devised dramatic roles for all of us. The sheets set off the dressing room, and inside you will find your script outlines. Then just follow Nostradamus' synthetic speech instructions." This began to sound like an interesting new turn to the game.

"First act," intoned Nostradamus' computer voice, "Anna Marie and Faleesha to the dressing room." They departed, and we could hear a bit of a giggle as they read their instructions. Then Nostradamus began playing music that sounded like a flute. 

His synthetic voice intoned, "Every year at the Dionysia, feast of the wine god, his devotees go upon the mountain and dance to the tune of the pan pipes. Observe their worship of Dionysus." At this the curtains of the dressing room parted and the two girls spun out. From the strips of cloth Mike had torn and left there, they had wrapped their hips with one thin piece, but were completely topless. Their breasts bounced as they danced, and we realized Nostradamus had picked our two best endowed girls for this part.

Nostradamus continued, "The devotees dance and spin in the madness of the god." The girls took the hint, moving rapidly all around the room. Anna Marie's large round pink boobs, and Faleesha's coffee-with-cream colored ones with the dark nipples, swung as they danced. As they spun the thin cloth about their hips rose and fell, showing now a pretty ass, then a flash of Anna Marie's blonde pussy hair, then the dark trimmed triangle Faleesha sported, and now and then as they raised their legs high a tantalizing glimpse of their pussies.

After they danced a bit, Nostradamus said, "Jose and Aaron to the dressing room." We were reluctant to leave the show, but in the dressing room we found printed instructions to remove our togas and cover our loins with the towels piled there. Then we waited for Nostradamus to give us our clue. 

Soon the piping died down a bit, and Nostradamus said, "The music and dancing often attract the satyrs, spirits of the wood known for their goatlike sexiness." At this, we burst through the curtains, moving toward the girls and circling them with outstretched arms. The girls got into the act, screaming prettily and trying to evade us. I knew as I grabbed for the half naked girls that my cock was stiffening and poking up the towel that was all I wore, and could see that Jose's did the same.

Nostradamus soon said, "Often the satyrs are able to kidnap the dancers and carry them away." At this the girls allowed us to catch them. I grabbed Anna Marie around the waist, but let my hands slide up until they were cradling those large breasts. I could feel that her nipples were hard in excitement. Jose grabbed Faleesha from behind, cupping her breasts in his hands and grinding his cock against her ass. I lifted Anna Marie in my arms, feeling her large bare boobs against my chest, but Jose grabbed Faleesha and threw her over his shoulder, her bare ass making a show for all of us. As she kicked and pretended to pound on his back, the dark lips of her pussy flashed between her legs.  

Nostradamus said, "The goats of the woods tear off what clothes the revelers still wear." We complied with glee, ripping away the strips of cloth which still barely covered the girls. Laughing now, they returned the favor by pulling our towels down allowing our stiff cocks to stand up freely. Grabbing the girls again we began rubbing against them, feeling their soft boobs and sliding our fingers over their pussies as they rubbed our cocks. All of the audience got good looks at all of the action. Those of us in the drama were being very turned on, and the watchers were too.

Nostradamus now insisted, "Before things went further, the girls produced the thinnest lambskins and wrapped the goats' massive instruments in them." Laughing, Mike pointed to a box of condoms on the table along with a jar of lotion, and the girls complied. They had no trouble slipping the protectors over our stiff and throbbing cocks and then we each rubbed lotion into their pussies, making them even more lubricated than they already were. 

Nostradamus' next direction was, "And after that events played out in the god's honor as the goat beings threw the girls on the ground and ravished them." We did just that, Jose overturning Faleesha so she was face down on the floor where he approached her doggy fashion, and me laying Anna Marie on her back and spreading her legs to plunge my cock into her dripping pussy. I lost track of what Jose and Faleesha were up to then as I felt Anna Marie's cunt squeezing my cock and her hips pumping with mine.  

But then, we heard Nostradamus begin his familiar implacable count. "This continued for three minutes," he said, setting the time just as he had for our previous sex games. As he counted I determined to make the best of the seconds, grasping Anna Marie's full breasts and rubbing her nipples as our hips ground together and I drove deeper into her. I could see to the side Jose forcing his rod deep into Faleesha's pussy and reaching forward to grasp her pointed breasts also.  We thrust and ground hips, but all too soon Nostradamus called "TIME." Reluctantly, we separated, and saw Jose and Faleesha do the same. All four of us stood up, grabbed each others hands, and bowed to our onlookers. They gave us a great cheer and, naked as we were, we took our seats.

Nostradamus' emotionless voice said, "Act two. Kia to the dressing room." After she had a few moments to comply with the instructions she found there, Nostradamus began playing sounds of the wind and the waves. He said, "The waves rolled into the shore, and the sea breeze blew. Out of the foam and the mist a figure arose." Kia stepped out of the dressing room. "The goddess Venus was born from the sea." Over her petite nude body the Oriental girl had draped a long strip of cloth. It ran from her shoulder across her breasts, then around her waist and down between her legs, covering her pussy and trailing down to the floor. "The wind ruffled her clothing," said Nostradamus, and Kia tossed her covering cloth gently back and forth. Each time it fluttered it gave tantalizing glimpses of her little tits with their perky nipples and her pink pussy with its very light sprinkling of pubic hair. She made a perfect goddess and we all were excited looking at our little Oriental beauty displaying herself.

Meantime Jamaal had been sent into the dressing room. Nostradamus now played storm sounds and as the thunder rolled, the computer voice said, "Suddenly Neptune the god of the sea appeared." The black footballer emerged from the dressing room in full toga, looking godlike. His toga revealed most of his toned chest as he stood there posing. Under his tunic his cock could be seen dancing. 

"The god revealed Venus' full beauty, although she was shy," said the computer. Reaching out his hand, Jamaal grasped the long strip of cloth that was Venus' only covering. He pulled it off her chest, and she coyly draped one arm across her naked breasts. Neptune continued to pull and as the cloth came out from between her legs, she placed her other hand over her crotch. Standing there thus exposed, and trying to hide her nakedness, was a very sexy pose, just as it is in the famous painting.

Nostradamus then said, "Neptune's chariot was pulled by a large seahorse." At this, Jamaal dropped his toga, and his impressive organ stood forth in front of him. Just to be sure we understood what the seahorse was he thrust his hips forward and twitched it several times. "As he approached Venus, she seized the reins of the seahorse." Kia looked slightly confused but Mike motioned toward the box of condoms. Kia was forced to drop her covering hands to get the condom, and as she bent over the table we all had a good view of her rounded ass. She knelt in front of Jamaal, seized his stiff rod, and accordingly reined in the seahorse appropriately. Then she stood up, dazzlingly naked and smiling her gentle smile. Jamaal squeezed lotion onto his hands and made sure her pussy was ready to receive him.

"With Neptune's assistance, Venus mounted the seahorse for a thrilling ride in the chariot." Jamaal put out his arms and Kia melted into them, rubbing her breasts against him and pressing her pussy against his strong leg. Jamaal reached down with both hands on her pretty ass and lifted her up until she could slide on to his throbbing organ. She locked her legs around him and began sliding up and down. Nostradamus began his implacable ticking of seconds. Kia's little butt moved up and down, and we could see the cheeks clench each time Jamaal's cock drove deep into her. Jamaal twisted his hips as she rode and each of them moaned slightly. Three minutes passed all too quickly for them, and as Nostradamus called time Jamaal thrust once more deeply into Kia's pussy and they separated. The held hands and bowed to the cheering audience, Jamaal's dick twitching and Kia's pussy dripping. Staying naked they also took seats.

Sara was expecting it when the computer directed her to the dressing room. After a bit, Nostradamus began his narrative. "Leda was one of the most beautiful of women. As he reclined languidly on her couch she made an artful picture." Sara, our dark Hispanic beauty, emerged from the dressing room holding part of a sheet in front of her, so that it draped down over her body and fell between her legs, showing tantalizing flashes of skin but covering her breasts and pubic region. She moved toward the couch with fluid grace, showing us the dark moons of her ass as she approached it, then lying down on her back. She slowly writhed around on the couch, letting the sheet slide off her breasts now and then and sometimes letting a flash of the dark hair in her crotch be seen. It was clearly stimulating the throbbing cocks of the guys in her audience.

Now Nostradamus said,"Looking down from Olympus, Zeus king of the gods beheld how beautiful she was." Mike stood up, trying to look majestic in his toga. Since he is a skinny redhead this was a little difficult. Sara continued her prone dance on the couch, now letting the sheet slip down off her breasts as she rolled around. Zeus approached her with a leer. Nostradamus continued, "Desiring Leda, Zeus changed himself into a swan." At this Mike swung his toga around behind him. so that holding it in each hand it spread like a pair of wings. Of course this left him otherwise naked so his stiff cock sprang forth from its nest of red pubic hair. We could see it was throbbing with desire. 

"Awakening and seeing the swan approach, Leda seized his organ and wrapped it in the smoothest lambskin." Mike had a condom in his hand and Leda took it and caressed his cock as she slid it on. "There in her chamber the swan ravished her on her couch." Now Sara reclined again on the couch, spreading her legs wide to welcome Mike. Her dark pussy lips were swollen and the pink inner lips were dripping with juices as he dropped his sheet and knelt between her spread legs rubbing her swelling pussy. He pulled her hips toward him and his cock entered her and thrust deep. Nostradamus started his count, and the two of them writhed together, hips thrusting toward each other with each stroke. Sara moaned and rolled her eyes back as Mike reached his hands to her boobs and stroked the erect nipples while he pushed his cock as deep as he could into her cunt. She rolled her hips with each thrust making Mike moan with pleasure. He put his hands under her ass and pulled her closer in to him so his cock could reach the full depth of her pussy. Nostradamus called "TIME," and they sadly parted. They stood up, arms around each other and bowed to the cheering group. 

As we were all now naked and excited, we waited expectantly for The Geek's next move. Mike said, "It has been written that an orgy is the friendliest thing eight people can do. Instead of randomization, Nostradamus has an ordered list of things we have done before. The girls will take seats, and the guys will just rotate in a circular pattern between them." The couch and three chairs were arranged at the points of a circle, so each chair faced one opposite and was flanked on each side by the others. Mike said, "This will give us maximum opportunity to watch each other." In preceding weeks we had found this was very stimulating and part of the fun. "OK, first rotation," Mike said.

Our usual order of business put Anna Marie starting with Jamaal, Kia with Jose, Faleesha with me, and Sara and Mike together. So each guy stood in front of a girl's chair. Faleesha, beautiful coffee-with-cream colored, was lounging back in the large chair in front of me, and teasingly she lifted one leg to each arm of the chair, thus displaying to best effect her dark pussy under the trimmed triangle of dark hair on her mound. Just for fun she grasped her pointed boobs in each hand and caressed the nipples so they hardened even more. My throbbing cock was ready for action. Nostradamus was now flashing the commands on his screen as he had done before. The first one was HAND JOB ONE MINUTE. 

The computer started to count. I went to the side of the chair and reached down to caress Faleesha's wet pussy as she grasped my cock. Up and down went her hand on my cock, in and out went my fingers in her pussy, and both of us ground her hips. We were well positioned to watch the other couples as they performed the same arc. Sara was moaning as Mike manipulated her pussy. Anna Marie's stroking of Jamaal's rod was making him drive toward her. Little Kia was wiggling her hips as Jose's fingers worked, and stroking her small hand up and down his cock quickly.  One minute was not long and I felt my dick throbbing as Faleesha released it. ROTATE flashed Nostradamus.

So I moved to the next chair, which was Sara's. Sara loved to sunbathe so her dark skin had tantalizing tan lines, just making small triangles over her nipples and pussy showing where her skimpy bikinis had covered. She had shaved her landing strip of pubic hair into an exclamation point.  Nostradamus flashed another familiar command, BODY RUB ONE MINUTE. Sara arose from her chair and we turned sideways so each of us could watch the other members of our group too. Sara pressed her breasts against me, her hard nipples rubbing my chest. My hips ground toward hers pushing my cock up against her hard belly, and she spread her legs and rubbed her pussy against my leg. We gyrated close to each other being stimulated up and down our entire bodies. I was turned to look ahead, and I could see Anna Marie's large boobs pressed against Mike's chest and his hands on her round ass pulling it into him.  Looking to the side I saw that Jamaal had actually picked little Kia up completely and moved her up to his chest and then down to rub against his cock. I continued rubbing against Sara, and then gently turned her around so her back rubbed my chest and her sweet butt grasped my cock as I caressed her tits with one hand and rubbed her pussy with the other. One minute passed and we reluctantly separated. ROTATE was the command.

I moved on to the large chair where Anna Marie sat. She was rubbing her wet pussy with one hand, but as I approached she uncovered it and thrust it toward me. Her gorgeous pink breasts with a large dark areola surrounding the upright nipples set my dick to twitching. Nostradamus flashed ORAL TWO MINUTES. We knew by now that this was turn and turn about. Anna Marie got out of the chair and we turned sideways to see the others at work. She dropped to her knees and began to lick my cock up and down the shaft. I was facing toward Sara and Jose and could see the dark Hispanic guy had spread Sara's pussy open so the pink inside showed and was working hard with his tongue, as she threw her head back and rolled her eyes up. Anna Marie's tongue was doing delicious things to my cock and then she gently took the crown of it into her mouth and sucked. Slowly she worked down its length until it was completely deep throated. As she drew back I could feel her tongue working inside her mouth, pressing me to heights of excitement. Then HALF WAY flashed on Nostradamus' screen and we traded places. She choose to let me kneel and work on her pussy while she stood, and I knew she was looking at Mike eating Kia's pussy and Faleesha sucking Jamaal's cock while I ate hers. I probed deep into her slit, enjoying the salty taste, and sought with my tongue for the hard little bump of her clit. Finding it I rolled it around with my tongue while she writhed her hips. TIME flashed repeatedly on the screen and we separated, both panting a bit.
