 It was last summer and I decided to stay at my condo and take a couple of classes rather than head home like the rest of my roommates had done. My dad was worried that his 21 year old girl wouldn't be safe, especially knowing that an extra room was to be built on in July. When the construction started in late June, the first week saw only two gentlemen doing the work. The first guy was named Bill and he was in his 40s, in great shape for his age, wore a grey and brown, peppered goatee, and displayed a rugged handsomeness from his years of working with his hands. The gentleman with him was his father, Bill Senior, who was in his 60s, had thick white hair, a little pot belly, and wore little round glasses. Bill Senior called his son, Billy. 

They were very friendly and courteous as they would come in every day and reside to building the spare room. I would hear saws grinding, drills spinning, hammers pounding all throughout the day and never thought much about it. The next Monday, Billy's son Corey came to help the men. Corey was hot. He had a lean but muscular body, thick brown hair, the bluest eyes, was 19 years old and fresh out of high school. Right away, Corey caught my eye and I was anxious to talk to him. 

I brought the guys something to drink and finally, Corey and I spoke with each other. He didn't have a girlfriend but had been talking with someone for a little while. Later in the day, Corey was in the kitchen getting something to drink, once again, and I invited him to sit down for a little while. We were both talking and laughing while we sat in the bar stools and that is when I noticed the bulge in his jeans. With him being so cute, I knew that I was going to have to have sex with him at some point before the job had ended. 

I needed to put on the charm so throughout the rest of the week, I would do little things like lay out in the sun, then walk around in my bikini, go jogging and come back and walk around in my sports bra, and be overly friendly when I spoke to the guys. I would catch the men ogling at me and I didn't care as long as Corey was also doing it. Even though we had talked throughout the week, I could tell he had a slightly shy personality. 

The next day about 11 am, I decided to go to the garage to get my lawn chair to lay out in the sun. I was wearing my Wicked Weasel pink sheer bikini with matching flip flops as I walked out of the house door into the garage with my Coppertone coconut tanning oil in one hand, there was Corey stirring paint with the large garage door shut. He was wearing his work boots, jeans, and white tank top. We kind of startled each other before I smiled. 

"Hi Corey. Looks like you are already hard at it," I said.

"Yea, gonna do some painting today," he replied. 

I then being very coy, I asked, "Would you mind rubbing some of this on my back. It is so hard to reach that spot?"

He was taken back for a split second and paused before responding, "Sure. Let me put the lid on the paint."

I walked up to him while he worked putting on the lid and stood right by his side. He looked down at my feet, then his eyes scanned up my legs as he stood up. I handed him the bottle and turned around so he could put it on my back. I place my dirty blonde hair in front of me so not to be in the way. He squirted and smeared the oil around my back while I enjoyed his young strong hands. As the smell of coconut filled the room, I heard the lid click shut. I turned around and moved toward him, causing him to step back and his cute, tight butt to press up against the work bench along the garage wall. 

I leaned in where my nose was almost touching his nose and seductively whispered, "Thank you. You know, you have the sexiest eyes and I don't know what cologne you are wearing but, ummm, it smells so good."

He swallowed and responded, "It's Euphoria by Calvin Klein."

I was now looking him straight into his eyes with our faces about two inches apart. He placed his hands on the bench beside him and I took hold of his jeans button and unbuttoned it before I tilted my head upward, raised my eyebrows, and then took hold of his zipper and slid it down as I said slowly in third person before I put two soft kisses on his lower lip, "Oooo, let's take these off so Brittni can see it and make it feel really good. Ok?"

He swallowed again and just nodded his head yes. Once unzipped, I put my thumbs inside his waist on each side of his jeans and slid them down slowly until they were around his ankles. I then went back up and did the same with his boxer briefs. As they went down, the rubber waist band caught on his hard on which cause me to slide my thumbs in the front to pull it out further and get it over that smooth, already leaking, nicely heart shaped cock head. His cock stood straight in the air and was so engorged and smooth, I could have hung my lawn chair on it. I would estimate it probably about 7 ½ inches long. It was so straight and once again I couldn't get over how smooth it looked. 

I ran my fingers lightly down his thighs as I knelt down in front of him allowing his cock and balls to breath the fresh air. I inhaled the aroma of his crotch. I put my mouth over his leaking head and instantly savored his precum which had a sweet and salty taste. As soon as my warm mouth was completely wrapped around his cock, he let out a gasp. I reached up for his balls and they were just as smooth as his dick. I cupped and fondled them as I sucked. Corey didn't say a word but he would occasionally fill the silence with a grunt or moan when my mouth slid down on him. 

My intentions were just to mouth his cock for a little while, just to prepare it for fucking me, but as I sucked, I thought with him being so young and hard, it would be better to go ahead and give him a blowjob, let him shoot his load, then get him hard again for fucking. That way he would be sure to last longer. His cock tasted so good and when I decided that I was going to suck him off to completion, I now needed to be more comfortable. I stood up, walked over and grabbed this old stained blanket sitting on a shelf and folded it a couple times and placed it on the concrete floor in front of Corey. I reached over top him and turned off the light. It was now pitch black in the garage and we couldn't see anything so I had to get down on my knees by feel.

Corey's cock was still so hard, that it would not pull down easily which caused me to have to position myself a little higher in order to suck it like I desired. I went back to bobbing up and down on it with my soft lips and I could hear him breathing heavy in the darkness. I was sucking and slurping at a good pace while I played with his balls. He would throw in an occasional groan. His dick felt so good and smooth in my mouth, I just had to deepthroat it. My hair kept getting in the way, so I paused to use the scrunchie I conveniently had on my wrist with the intent to use it when I laid out and put my hair into a quick, messy ponytail. 

While I was putting my scrunchie on, I swished the saliva around in my mouth to provide enough lubrication. I placed my hands on the back of his thighs, right up under his ass cheeks. I wrapped my mouth around his head again and slid down until it touched the back of my throat. Then, as I have done many times before, I relaxed my throat muscles and pressed down on his unit until the spongy, rigid, helmet popped past my gag reflex. I did gag slightly but then regained my composure to go all the way down until my lower lip was pressed firmly against his bag. He skidded down just a little so he could lean back more, permitting me better access. 

That is when I proceeded to deepthroat Corey's cock like there was no tomorrow. About every few sucks, I would stop with my lips touching his pubic area and use my tongue right up under his shaft. I could tell he really liked that by the way he would squirm and breathe. This went on for a several minutes until I felt his cock start to throb and swell. I knew he was getting close and I squeezed his ass cheeks with my hands. The darkness just accentuated the raw physical feel. Just as I went completely down again, his abdomen shivered while he grunted and blew his first wad of cum deep into my throat, causing me to cough, but I never stopped. He continued grunting and shaking while he shot the rest of his sperm directly into my throat with some of it oozing onto the back of my tongue. It was so warm and thick, I felt like I was swallowing heated pudding. 

When Corey's dick finally stopped twitching and depositing its goo, I pulled up, sucking his tip to draw out all the remaining cum. I swallowed the entire load which was very tangy and thick. I stood up and pulled my bikini bottom out of my crack before turning on the light. We both squinted our eyes until our pupils adjusted accordingly. There stood Corey, his ass leaning against the bench, his cock still half hard and wet with my saliva, and his pants bunched around his ankles on top of his boots. 

"Did you like that?" I asked referring to the blowie I just gave him. 

"Fuck yea, I did. That was awesome," he responded. 

I then added in a 'matter of fact' tone, "Now you're going fuck me. I want you to plunge that cock deep in my pussy." 

Corey didn't say anything and had that look of surprise but excitement when I stuck my middle finger in my bikini bottom and inserted it into my wet vagina. Sucking cock always gets me soaking wet and this was no exception. I pulled my hand out and placed my now damp finger under Corey's nose and smeared my juices across it like I was painting a mustache on him. I wanted him to smell my scent so that male animal instinct would take over and he would get horny once again. This is another technique I use with guys to get them crazy excited without them even being aware. 

I nuzzled my mouth up under his jaw and softly kissed his neck. I gave him little open mouthed kisses in-between whispering things like, "You want too, don't you baby?" and "You wanna put your dick my tight warm pussy?" and "Fuck me Corey, it's wet and ready for you."

I turned him sideways which wasn't an easy feat with his legs pinned together by his bunched jeans around his ankles. I hopped up and sat on the work bench with my legs dangling over the edge. I leaned back and pulled my bikini bottoms off over my legs and my pointed flip flop covered feet. I tossed them on the floor then reached behind my neck and untied my top to set my boobs free. I tossed my top with my bottoms and commanded Corey to get into position. He shuffled up to the edge of the bench with his now hard cock in line with my overhanging pussy. I took his wife beater and pulled it up over his head and tossed it off to the side, exposing a hairless, well defined, young chest. 

"I want you to suck my titties and get my nipples really hard," I requested as I put both hands underneath my perky boobs and lifted them upward to simulate pointing my nipples toward his mouth. 

It was a little difficult in his position, but he managed to stoop down and suck my left nipple. Corey was a little awkward and shy at first but once he got going, he would swirl his tongue around before sucking really hard. I would hold the back of his head like I was suckling a breast feeding newborn. He took turns equally with both boobs and when he had finally stopped, his cock was as rock hard as my nipples. It was time for him to penetrate me. 

I bent my knees and placed my flip flop covered feet flat on the bench. Corey got close and I took hold of his stiff prick to guide it into my opening. He pushed and my wetness allowed it to slide in with one thrust. Corey was completely inside me and my knees were pushed up even with his chest. I put my arms around him and we kissed as he began to fuck me. Our tongues were exploring each other's mouth while he pumped. 

"Is it good baby? You like that pussy, don't ya?" I asked.

"Uh huh," was all he could throat not to disrupt his concentration. 

I then wrapped my legs around his waist and the jarring from the fucking caused one of my flip flops to fall to the ground which was soon followed by the other one. He was fucking harder and harder and I loved feeling and rubbing his muscular ass with every thrust. Now he was the one kissing my neck in a lustful manner. 

"Don't stop baby. Keep going. You're gonna make me cum. Harder! Harder!" was my cry. 

Corey was breathing hard and now starting to sweat. I knew giving him that blowjob would allow him to last longer and I was correct. Just then, I grunted and screamed as my orgasm ripped through my entire body causing my walls to spasm. My pussy was twitching and Corey just kept fucking with reckless abandon. 

"Oh my God! I'm gonna cum again. Don't you fuckin stop!" I cursed at him as I came again, really hard on that cock of his. 

My pussy was in heaven. Corey was so hard and pleasing me like I knew he could. I was now about to make him cum in me and see if I could time it where we orgasmed together. 

Just then the garage door started raising up. We both were startled and ready to take cover but with Corey's pants constricting his legs, there was nothing we could do. We just froze and let the outdoor sunlight pour inside with two pairs of legs starting to show as the door went upward. We were busted!

Corey's father Billy and Grandfather Bill Senior stood there in silence with a look of disgust in their eyes. 

Finally, Billy broke the silence, "Well I guess we know where he ran off too. This is why I told you that he shouldn't work with us. He can't keep his focus on his work. He's not coming back."

With Corey still inside me, I defended him, "Wait guys. It's not his fault. I was the one who enticed him. It's all my fault."

"I don't care. He knows better. He needs to be working, not fucking," Billy angrily snapped back. 

Corey had told me how bad he needed this job during one of our talking sessions. Feeling bad, I wanted to help keep him from getting fired. I had a plan.

"Guys, there has to be something I can do. How can we work this out? How can I make this right?" I asked desperately.

Corey finally withdrew his half hard cock from my pussy and started pulling up his pants. It was a shame we never got to finish. During my sex sessions, I like to cum many times, otherwise, I feel unsatisfied. 

"I just don't know. He has disappeared like this before," Bill Senior responded.

"Why? What did you have in mind?" inquired Billy.

Learning from Corey and I's earlier conversations, I knew Billy had been divorced for over 5 years and Bill Senior had been a widower for nearly 3, I indeed had a great idea. With my knees bent, legs still open, and pussy leaking all over the bench below me, I asked bluntly, "Do any of you guys want to come over here and do me? We were just getting into it when you guys interrupted us. Which one of you guys is man enough to please a college girl?"

Nobody replied at first before Billy said, "What the hell, I will take a crack at it."

As Billy walked over, he was undoing his jeans before I demanded, "Now if I let you fuck me, then Corey keeps his job."

"Whatever you say," Billy snapped anxiously. 

Corey's father Billy was now standing in front of me with his jeans bunched around is calves. He was so excited, he didn't even manage to get them all the way down. He stroked his cock a few times and he proudly supported a nice sized hard on. He leaned in and put the tip between my moist folds and pushed himself in. 

It jarred me a little and caused a giant "oh" to slip out and that is when I could tell he was a littler thick than his son. My pussy lips were just starting to swell when Corey and I were interrupted and my clit was real sensitive to the touch which became evident when Billy's thick pubic hair pressed up against it. Billy's body was also the opposite of Corey's because his chest was covered in thick kinky brown hair with an occasional gray one sprinkled in. 

"Does it feel good?" I cooed.

Billy shuttered at the warm snugness before he trembled out, "Oh, hell yes. I love it."

I leaned around Billy's neck and nibbled on his earlobe while whispering and blowing the words, "Go ahead and fuck me. I know you want to. You want this college pussy, so come get it."

That is when Billy started thrusting in and out without control. The front of his thighs were slapping up against the side of the bench. I wrapped my legs around his waist just like I had done with his son, minutes ago. He was pumping just as fast as Corey but as I sucked on his neck, he became more aggressive. He cock was sliding inside me and stimulating all the nerves inside my vaginal walls but he, himself, just didn't feel like he was drilling as needed but believe me, he was. 

Billy lifted my legs up in the air using his hands under my knees. My legs were up in the air with my lavender covered toes bouncing around next to his ears. Billy and I were both moaning and groaning before I felt my own orgasm start up and I screamed out, "Aaauuggghhhh, don't stop, I'm cumming! Yea daddy, just like that!

Calling him daddy just kind of slipped out but it was enough to get him close as I assured him, "Bring it to the tip. I'm on the pill. Shoot it in my pussy! Go ahead, cum in me!"

Now it was Billy's turn to grunt out, "Here it comes! Auugghhh...Auugghhh...Auugghhh!"

Billy's fat cock was twitching inside my pussy as it sprayed the back of my womb with his pent up cum. It was so warm and luscious, it actually caused me to cum again as we embraced and became one unit, locked together in our shuddering orgasm. We both just froze like that until he had completely emptied his seed inside me. He had fucked me good but I wanted more. Billy pulled out and slid his underwear back up over his slime covered dick. 

With a huge puddle of semen that had already oozed out of me onto the bench, I jumped up and ordered the guys, "Let's go in the new room and finish this. I need some more cock and you guys have to take care of that for me. Let's go."

As I walked, Billy's sperm was squishing between my lips until we arrived into the new room. It smelled of sawdust and new paint. There was plastic over the floor and also covering the one piece of furniture in it which was a loveseat that could fit two people. I plopped down on the loveseat to the sound of crunching clear protector. Judging from my hard nipples, it was slightly cool in the room and my oil covered bare skin slid around the cellophane drop cloth like a slip and slide. I turned over and got on my knees with my butt facing the front and my hands holding onto the back. 

"It's your turn grandpa. Come here right now and get some of this young pussy, if you think you can handle it!" I half-jokingly dared. 

Bill Senior was taking all his clothes off and he also half-jokingly retorted, "I'll show you grandpa, Missy. I was fucking girls before you were even a thought."

When his pants were off, he turned around and I had to do a double take. This older guy was hung like a horse. He had nothing but long, gray, pubic hairs all over his shaft and balls, but he was packing some serious heat. He approached me with nothing on but his black socks and stroking his cock with his left hand. It had to be at least 9 inches long, uncircumcised and even thicker than Billy's. 

His hips were pressed up against my ass and I knew I had struck a nerve because I could hear him still mumbling, "I'll show you who's grandpa," as he fumbled, trying to put his dong in me, doggie style. With the help of his son's cum, there was plenty of lube to help him fit that monster in. I reached between my legs and helped guide it towards its target and bingo, the head squished past my labia. Bill grabbed my hips for leverage and then shoved his girthy tool, balls deep, in my tunnel. Oh my, how it filled me up. I couldn't believe how tight and full I felt. When he started thrusting, I remember how the foreskin felt wonderful sliding back and forth against my inner pussy walls. 
