 CHAPTER 2 - LET'S GET CLOSE

[This story is written by SexyGeek and his computer. All random numbers throughout the story were computer generated as it was written, so the author had no more idea how it would play out than the reader. ]



I hope you read Chapter One of my story. You would know about the Sky Club, our college dorm retreat on the fourth floor of an old ivy covered building, with four co-ed rooms surrounding the common area. We had a very congenial, if diverse group, and our fearless leader was none other than Mike the Geek. In Chapter one, we all played a random stripping game Mike had generated on his laptop named ... yes... Nostradamus . We gained considerable notoriety at the end by streaking the sunbathers on the lawn we call College Beach in our altogethers. Although the girls sort of quickly grabbed their clothes and vanished from the common room then, we guys immediately started urging Mike to limber up Nostradamus the next Saturday. 

During the next week we were all a bit more relaxed around the Sky Club. The sexual tension was still in the air, but having all been naked together loosened us up a bit. The girls lounged around in their nighties more often, and Jamaal even made himself comfortable on the couch one night wrapped only in a towel without upsetting the girls. Mike was vastly amused to report that during the week, each of the girls come up to him more or less hesitantly asking for the computer to do it again. So on Saturday afternoon we once more gathered in the Sky Club around Nostradamus s screen, full of anticipation.

"OK," said Mike, "Nostradamus' strip game last week was a great success. So this week the game is enhanced and expanded! Once again you have to promise to play to the end." The guys greeted this with enthusiasm, the girls with giggles but then nodded agreement. " Now, not to go into details of the random number generator I wrote in C++... "

"Please don t!" Faleesha begged. 

Mike went on, "We are used to stripping now, so it will go faster. The screen is programmed to flash STRIP twice as often as anything else. The first time you get that, it means down to your underwear. And the second time ..." Sara repeated last week s cry, "All the way, Jose!" The Geek chuckled. "The command MOON works the same way. The first time you take off your lower garment to your underwear, pull down your underwear and, well, you know how to moon. But if you get a second time, the moon stays out! The other strip command explains itself. That means half the random numbers are strip commands to get everybody naked faster. But for more fun I have added some other random commands, that should get better as the game goes on. Some of them involve timers, which will start at 30 seconds. Ready? Press F1 to get your orders." 

Anna Marie went first. She pressed Nostradamus' key, and started off the game immediately with STRIP! "Oh, my," she giggled. "First strip is just down to underwear, right?" All the boys yelled NO but Mike assured her that was the rule. Anna Marie was a tall, statuesque blonde that some campus jokesters dubbed The Valkyrie. She was really built, knew it and liked to show it off. Today she was wearing a low cut midriff baring t-top that was already putting on a show, and cut off jeans that hugged her figure tightly. Getting up off the couch, and giving the boys a tantalizing look down her blouse as she did, she took center stage in the room and began slowly, oh so slowly to ease the top up. Her white lacy bra became visible in stages with her full breasts overflowing the top of it. She carelessly threw the top on the couch, and her fingers went to the snap of her shorts. They were cut with a fly like boys jeans, so she lowered the zipper revealing her tight belly above the white patch of her thong. She turned around so her back was to the boys and slid her shorts down. Her beautiful butt was covered by only the three tiny strips of her underwear and the boys were obviously stunned. Slowly, she gyrated around to face them, gave a bump and grind, and sat down on the couch, crossing her long bare legs.

Next was Jamaal, who happened to be Anna Marie s boyfriend. He was as black as she was blonde, tall and well muscled. Slightly diffident about his background, he did nothing to disperse the campus rumor that he was the son of an African king. He punched the button and BARE CHEST flashed on the screen. This time the girls cheered as he peeled up his t-shirt to show rippling muscles and well defined pecs. He flexed a bit and sat down.

The next girl to try was Kia. The petite oriental girl hardly looked old enough for college but she was actually a senior, 21 years old and the social leader of the group. As she pressed the button, she gazed at MOON on the screen. Kia looked puzzled and said, "What does that mean?" 

Mike laughed and replied, "The rule is, the first time you hit it, you take off your pants, drop your undies off your ass and shake it around." 

" Oh," said Kia, "and then put them back on?" 

"Only the undies, first time," said Mike.

"OK," said Kia, "watch this!" She turned her back on us all and let her pink shorts drop to the floor, showing equally pink french cut undies under them. She stepped out of the shorts and kicked them to the side, bent over and grabbed her panties and pulled them down to her knees, shining a brilliant moon into the room. "Shake it, shake it!" called one of the boys and she responded with a nice show of motion. Then she pulled the little pink panties back up and sat demurely down on the couch.

After that was Jose's turn. He was the campus lover boy, a good looking Latino with confidence to spare, and plenty of girls waiting for him to ask. The screen flashed again and Jose saw BARE CHEST too. Like Jamaal he tossed off his black T with La Raza on it and posed a bit for the girls.

The third girl to spin was Faleesha. She was an ex-girlfriend of Jamaal s but their parting had been friendly and mutual. She was smirking a bit at being in this game with him. Light coffee-with-cream color, she had contrasted with Jamaal almost as Anna Marie does now. A gentle press of the button came up on one of Nostradamus new commands, PLEASURE YOURSELF. "Oh, wow!" she said, "I know how to do that but not in public!" A cheer went up from the players and they said, "Go, girl, go!" With a glance around, she opened her legs on the couch so that her miniskirt revealed the light blue panties beneath it, pulled tight over her pubic mound and pussy. "Thirty seconds in round one," said the arbiter Mike. Looking upward, she placed her hand on the mound and began slow circles as Nostradamus did the counting with his steady computer voice, "ONE . TWO ..." At about FIFTEEN her fingers reached down to the slit which was visible through the thin cloth, and it began to get distinctly wet. As Nostradamus ticked THIRTY they lingered for one more rub, then her gaze came down and she quickly pulled down her skirt with a grin.

Eyes turned to me and someone said, "Aaron, your turn." I was already getting hard and now I wanted to find out what I would get to do, so without waiting I punched the key and the screen flashed at me -- BODY RUB. That looked good to me. Mike said, "Now push F2 to find out which girl," and when I did, it came up to Number Three, Faleesha. I knew she was already excited from her last turn, so this should be fun. I motioned to her, and she came swaying toward me. We pressed together, and I began rubbing against her. I could feel her firm breasts against my chest, and my cock throbbed through my pants as I rubbed. Of course, the computer was counting, and at FIFTEEN I started working down her body until my chest was against that light blue thong. I lifted one of her legs up over my shoulder, with her helping, and rubbed until Nostradamus clicked THIRTY. I squeezed her butt as she withdrew her leg, and kept my eyes on that butt rolling as she returned to the couch.

The last girl to grab a random number was Sara, a volatile Hispanic girl that looked as if a fire was smoldering behind her eyes. Her long delicate finger hovered over the key,and then pressed decisively. The screen repeated itself for the third time this round and flashed BARE CHEST again. The guys cheered, and Sara turned a bit away for a moment but then turned back with a determined look on her face. "OK," she said, "here you are, guys." Her tight green sweater came up quickly, showing a black bra underneath and deep cleavage, tantalizing the boys. Her hands went behind her back, undid the clasp, and then one arm covered her bra as the other slid the straps off her shoulders. Smiling with twinkling eyes at the boys on the couch, she suddenly turned her back, and flipped the bra back over one shoulder so it hung down her back. She let it slide down to the ground and brought her hands in front of her, then turned around again with her hands covering her breasts. "Awww," said several of the guys. Again she smiled and her eyes twinkled. Slowly, slowly, her hands slid down and then were below her breasts, cupping them so they showed to best advantage. Her tan lines separated her deep olive tan from the light brown color of her breasts, and the nipples were dark peaks as they stood up erect showing that she was excited to be parading for us. She tossed her long black hair and sat down on the couch, leaning back and thrusting her breasts forward to taunt us.

Finally, Mike went to his own machine and pressed the button. It flashed MAKE OUT. He looked in amazement and shook his head. Then he said, "OK, which girl?" and once again, Faleesha s number came up. She was really getting wet now at all the attention she was getting. The Geek took her hand and pulled her up, put both hands on her waist, and as Nostradamus began counting, carefully pressed his lips against hers. He heard one of the girls call out, "Tongue, tongue!" so he tried sticking his tongue out a bit, and felt Faleesha's tongue meet his. Suddenly she pulled him close, pressing her breasts against his chest and eagerly sucked his tongue into her mouth. Mike tensed for second, then relaxed into the game enthusiastically, his tongue probing deep into Sara s mouth. When the count hit THIRTY he looked surprised and went back to sit down, while Faleesha pressed her legs together to hide the wetness showing on her panties.

So -- at the end of Round one, I surveyed the girls. Anna Marie, stripped down to her white bra and thong panties. Kia, with her shirt still on but down to her pretty pink panties. Faleesha, completely dressed but with her eyes flashing and her lips parted as she enjoyed the triple treat she had received. And finally, Sara leaning back to show off her beautiful naked breasts. Looking up and down the line on the couch just made my cock throb harder and harder. The boys meanwhile numbered two bare chests and two smug grins.

So it was back to Anna Marie. She walked up to the machine, her butt twitching in the thong and her breasts barely covered by the skimpy white bra. She pressed the button and the machine started flashing BODY RUB for her. She reached out to select the lucky guy and I half closed my eyes, picturing that blonde goddess rubbing against me. I was amazed to see the screen flash my number, and stood up and held out my arms to receive that hard body against mine. She was not shy, pressing her breasts against my chest and her pussy against my crotch. I thought I would go wild as she rubbed. Mike said, Sixty seconds this round, and I was listening to the count. At about twenty, Anna Marie began to work down my body. Her breasts passed over my chest, down to my belly, and down down until those soft lovely things were pressed against my cock. I wondered how long I could last in this game if she kept doing that. As the count hit forty she started back up, and by fifty five was pulling my head down into her cleavage. Just as I thought I was perfectly placed I heard the implacable computer say "SIXTY!" and Anna Marie turned away and went back to her cross legged lotus position on the couch, that little white patch of cloth just covering her pubic mound. I stood there stunned for a few seconds and then gathered my wits to return to my place.

Jamaal was next. Almost savagely he punched the button, but it came up BARE CHEST. He rippled his muscles, and Mike said, "That is a do over." So he punched it again, and it said HAND RUB. When he selected another number for a partner, Anna Marie s number came up. She moved toward him and he grinned and asked, "What do I rub?" Anna Marie said, "What do you think?" Teasingly, he reached out his hand and began to rub her taut belly. The count began, but Anna Marie looked a bit surprised, and gently gave a hint by pushing his hand up. Jamaal gave her a big grin and cupped her perfect breast through the white fabric, easily finding the nipple which stood out through the thin cloth. Anna Marie s lips parted as she enjoyed his attentions, but as the count reached thirty she pulled his hand down her body to her mound, covered only by the white patch of the thong. Rubbing gently but firmly, Jamaal could tell that she was pleasured by what he was doing, and they were both disappointed when their time was up.

So the turn passed to Kia. As she bent over the computer, her tiny miniskirt rode up enough to flash a bit of pink silk panties over the bottom of her pretty ass. She delicately pressed and held the button, and the screen flashed HAND RUB for the second time. Laughing softly she pressed for a partner, and my wishes were granted when my number came up again. Smiling shyly she approached as I stood up, and reached out a small hand toward my crotch. I was sorry I still had my pants on, but could still feel her hand moving up and down and exciting me. I reached out and pulled her a bit closer to me, cupping that pretty butt in those pink panties in my hands as she rubbed. Excitement built but I was listening to that count and all too quickly it hit sixty. Kia pulled away from me, still smiling, and I sat down with my cock twitching.

Jose was next. Flashing his famous cocky smile, he pushed the button with a flourish, and grinned with pleasure as it flashed lights and said STRIP. As he already had his shirt off, he danced a salsa rhythm into the middle of the floor and began working on opening his fly, then pulling his pants down to his knees, and dropping them further danced out of them now clad only in his white briefs. As he thrust his hips forward, his erect cock strained against the fabric of his underwear and I saw all the girl s eyes riveted to it. After a lot of this, he danced to his seat.

By now Faleesha had not been stimulated for quite a while. I wondered how excited she still was as she approached Mike s computer. Flashing STRIP at her, it looked as if it had excited her again. She danced out to the middle of the room, and swiftly unbuttoned her white blouse and threw it open with both hands She wiggled her boobs in their light blue bra at us, then slid the shirt off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Turning her back, she unzipped her miniskirt that we already knew covered blue panties, and let it fall to the floor too. The silky thong clung to her pulsing mound and outlined her pussy with a light dampness. She wiggled her way to the couch and sat down.

So my turn came again, and I tried my luck. The screen lit up BARE CHEST so I went to the middle of the floor and unbuttoned my shirt. Although I do not have the muscles of Jamaal or Jose I still think I have a pretty nice chest, with just a strip of hair running down the middle to my belly button. I was happy to show it to the girls.

Last of the girls this round was again Sara, and we were all elated to see the computer flash STRIP in those big letters. Sara danced to the middle of the floor, her already bare boobs swaying as she did, and then bobbing forward as she unfastened her ski pants and worked them down over her hips and to the floor, leaving her standing only in her black panties, almost transparent except just over her round mound. She spun around showing that they were transparent in back too, and her fine round ass showed through them in a very tempting way. 

Then MIke got STRIP which left him in his underwear with his cock straining to get out. So at the end of round two, we had all the girls except Kia in bra and panties, and Sara topless too. It was getting more exciting every round.

Anna Marie started round three, her large breasts again almost falling out of her small bra as she bent over the computer. She giggled to see the computer say MAKE OUT. We knew she would do a great job, but who would be the lucky guy? Who else did Nostradamus choose but her boyfriend, JAMAAL! She was going to put something extra in this, we knew. He sat in the chair, legs spread and his erect cock bulging even against his jeans. Anna Marie hopped right on top if it, rubbing her pussy against his pants and her breasts against his face. They locked lips with practiced ease, and Anna Marie squirmed in his lap almost giving him a lap dance along with his kisses. After ninety seconds for this round Nostradamus called time. Panting a bit, Anna Marie returned to her seat next to Jamaal.

Now it was his turn. We could see Anna Marie s eyes blue eyes shining as the computer flashed STRIP in bright letters. Jamaal surely wished he had gone first this turn, so they would have made out with him in his underwear. He unbuckled his belt, opened his zipper and dropped his jeans to the floor. He was wearing black spandex underwear and against his glossy black skin it made him look like some African god, or so I thought I saw in the girls eyes. His hard cock strained against the spandex.

Little Kia came to the computer again, and MAKE OUT was her result. Luck was with me this afternoon, because I was selected by the computer for her attentions. After the nice hand rub she gave last round I was really looking forward to her lips. She came too me and I bent down to reach her small face. Taking her chin in my hand I sought her lips with mine. She responded eagerly, then tickled my lips with her tongue. I parted my lips and suddenly she thrust her tongue deep into my mouth, at the same time pressing her crotch against my leg. I knew the kissing was making her excited as she rubbed against me. The feeling was wonderful and again I was sorry to hear the count reach its end. She swayed gracefully back to her seat and it was Jose s turn

He pushed the button and the screen flashed lights and said STRIP. He stood up and placed his hands on the waistband of his white briefs, and I saw all the girls suck in their breath in anticipation. Thrusting hips in that salsa rhythm, he turned his back to them and pulled down his briefs, showing them his slim brown butt. Since he was facing the guys, we could see his straight rod straining against the white fabric, trying to escape, but knew the girls could not. He wasted no time in showing them, however, and then slipped the waistband down from the head of his cock which he made twitch for their enjoyment. Finally he dropped the shorts to the floor, thrust his hips at them a couple of more times, and then went back to his chair where he sat with his legs slightly spread, being proud to be the first to get fully naked.

Now Faleesha hit the magic key, and BARE CHEST was her result. We all loved that one, and so did she. Not trying to tease or hide anything she just reached back, undid her bra and dropped it to the floor. Putting her hands on her hips she thrust those light brown breasts out, and then raised her hands to lightly tweak and rub each nipple to show she was enjoying it She sat down on the couch and arched her back to throw them forward as we all enjoyed the view.

I was next. HAND RUB suited me pretty well, and I surveyed the girls wondering which one. The number two came up for pretty little Kia. Anna Marie moved over slightly so I could sit next to Kia on the couch, and I gently rubbed her light yellow sweater over her right and then her left breast. She threw back her head and closed her eyes so I knew was enjoying it. As my left hand continued to caress her breast through the fabric I let my right rub down over her belly until it reached her female mound. I rotated it slowly as the count increased, and then in the last thirty seconds carried on down as she spread her legs slightly and I could rub her narrow slit up and down. As the count ended she sighed lightly, and I moved back to my chair.
