 CHAPTER THREE -- GOING HARD

 [This story was written by SexyGeek and his computer. All the random matchings were made by the computer as the story was written, and the author had no more idea than you did how it would all play out.] 

In Chapters One and Two of this story, I told how our ivy-covered college dorm had a fourth floor consisting of four rooms and a common room. The eight of us who lived in this Sky Club had spent the last two Saturdays REALLY getting to know each other. My roommate Mike the Geek programmed his computer, Nostradamus (yes really) to randomly generate the strip game and other orders which we obeyed. We had all had an eyeful, and usually a handful, of each others glory, and we were really horny by the third Saturday. All week we had been teasing each other, our talk full of banter and innuendo, the girls wearing their sexiest clothes or lingerie when they appeared in the Sky Club, and the more muscular guys flexing and doing shows like grabbing the girls and lifting them up, getting in a good feel as they did so. In his computerized voice, Nostradamus had promised us something special for Saturday so we all gathered in the Sky Club common room in anticipation. Most of us had by now figured out we would be stripping, at least, and wore our sexiest things to take off.

"OK," said Mike the Geek. "Nostradamus is programmed with the real stuff this time! As before, you have to promise to play to the end." Everybody was into the game by now and readily promised. The Geek said, "Nostradamus kept four close up orders from last week, and has added four more, shall we say, more penetrating commands. By now we all enjoy seeing strips and doing strips, so we will just start with that. Let's go in reverse order from last week."

This put Mike up first. He is the youngest in the group, having just turned 18 last month, but he is a junior since the college admitted him at 16. The skinny geek was really getting into this stuff, and though he was no dancer he put a sway into his body as he unbuttoned his shirt and let it fall, unzipped his pants and kicked them off as they dropped, and pulled down his briefs to let his cock, already getting hard, pop out of its nest of red hair.

Sara, with her flashing Hispanic eyes, was in nothing but her bikini, this week a green one. In short order, she dropped her top to show the tan lines on her boobs and the dark nipples standing up. Then she untied the bottoms, one side at a time, putting her hand over the green cloth covering her crotch. She pulled it down slowly and we saw her landing strip pointing down, but as she whipped the cloth away we saw that a quick cut with her electric razor had turned the landing strip into an exclamation point! Everybody cheered as she thrust it forward, her dark pussy lips emphasizing the exclamation.

My turn was next. Shaking my dark brown shoulder length hair, I peeled off my muscle shirt to show the line of chest hair running down to my navel. I was wearing sweat pants this week, and had no underwear under them. My rod was already stiff from watching Sara strip so it stuck out and caught them as they dropped. I twitched it a couple of times, then pulled them off and let it stand out on its own.

Faleesha, our coffee-with-cream queen, danced out. She had on a little white sun dress, strapless and held up only by an elastic band on top, and with a short frilly skirt. She showed a lot of cleavage above the top, and her nipples stood out and showed dark through the thin fabric. She twirled in the center of the floor and we could see she had no panties under the dress. Her hands caressed her breasts through the fabric, making her nipples stand up even more. She pulled the top down and her boobs popped out of it, perky and pointed. She took it on down, across her firm belly and over her hips, slowly revealing the trimmed black hair in the triangle of her crotch and then the dark lips of her pussy. Then she danced to her seat.

All this stripping already had us excited. Jose our hot Latino was next. He had on a t-shirt cut off below his pecs to show his hard abs, and garnet gym shorts, and the bulge in front showed he probably had no underwear under them, He quickly shed his t-shirt, dropped his shorts, and released his stiff upright cock. He pranced around showing his stuff off. The girls always loved his cocky show!

Then petite Kia took the floor. She is a tiny Asian girl, but the only senior among us and thus the oldest, at 21. She had chosen a formal dress to remove and it clung so tightly we were sure she had no underwear on. Its neckline plunged clear to her waist, and as she bent from side to side her small round breasts peeked out of it. The long skirt was slit up the side almost to the hip and her leg flashed in and out of it in a tantalizing way as she glided around the room showing off. She unfastened the snap behind the neck and pulled down the top revealing first her lovely little breasts with pert nipples. She continued sliding the dress down showing then her flat belly, next her pubic area with a very light sprinkling of dark hair, and then her pretty pink pussy lips. Fanning herself with an oriental fan, she danced around the room, showing off for us.

Now our black football hero, Jamaal stood up, wearing his garnet jersey from the varsity, and, it turned out, nothing else. He pulled it up slightly and his mighty cock sprang out immediately, surrounded with curly black hair. Raising the jersey over his head he showed off his powerful chest, and all the girls gazed with parted lips and let out little sighs.

With a proprietary air, his girlfriend Anna Marie rose, put her arms around his waist, and pushed him to his chair, clearing the way for her. She came this Saturday in her little pink baby dolls, ready to take them off. She slid the spaghetti straps off her shoulders and freed her large white boobs, then pulled the top on down so she wore only the semi transparent lace trimmed bottoms. Her hand crept into the front of the panties, rubbing her pussy mound a bit before she pulled them on down revealing the light covering of blonde hair and her pink pussy lips. The rubbing left her lips glistening with juice and she lay back in the chair with her legs on the arms so we all could see.

"Phase one, accomplished!" said Mike the Geek. "Now we turn it over to Nostradamus ." Every one of us in the room was hot already from the strip shows, the guys' cocks hard and throbbing, the girls with dripping pussies. "But first," said Mike, always a realist,"condoms!" He handed each girl a condom, and pointed at the boy across from her. A couple of the boys faces dropped, but we realized that we were not getting any bareback rides so a condom was better than just using our own hands. Faleesha, across from me, came over with the condom, exciting me with her nakedness. She dropped to her knees, took my swollen cock in her hands and gave me a bit of a rub before slipping the condom on. With all the guys armored this way, Mike was ready to start Nostradamus .

"Four of the commands stay from last week. But there are four that are more total action. All of them require a partner so a random choice will pop up automatically. I tried to choose the actions for maximum audience appeal too. We need more time for these so Nostradamus will start timing for two minutes." Mike's instructions were already intriguing, and became more so as he set a bottle of body lotion next to the computer, so we waited to see what Nostradamus would have to say.

We decided on a different order this time, so Faleesha started. Nostradamus flashed RIDE EM COWBOY and JOSE. Faleesha looked confused and The Geek laughed. "Clear the couch, girls, so Jose can lie down." Obediently they followed instructions. Jose was on the couch with his cock pointing straight up in the air. 

"Oh," said Faleesha, "so that is what I ride!" She moved to the couch and straddled Jose, and as her wet pussy slid over his cock Nostradamus started that implacable count. Up and down Faleesha rode, and Jose reached up to rub her lovely tits as she did. Faleesha moaned with pleasure and Jose strained his hips to meet her. This was indeed a good spectator sport and all of us watching just got hotter as they went on. Too quickly the soft computer voice said TIME. Faleesha ground her hips one more time, and then climbed off. Jose seemed a bit shaky as he got up from the couch.

Anticipation made me just a bit shaky too as I punched the button for my turn. To my amazement, last week's command PLEASURE YOURSELF came up, but with KIA attached. "Why a partner if I am doing it myself?" I asked. 

"Just to encourage and inspire you," said Mike with a twinkle in his eye. A bit disgruntled, I poured some lotion on my hands and sat in the chair and grasped my rod. 

I was more pleased as Kia said, "I get the idea," and came over and leaned into me, rubbing her pretty little breasts against my chest. This did indeed inspire me and I began stroking my quivering cock. As the count went on, Kia put her leg up on the chair and showed me her cute pink pussy which made me stroke even harder. She then joined me in pleasuring herself and rubbed her finger softly up and down her slit. Dipping her finger into her pussy and putting the wet finger to my lips was the final inspiration, and just as I sucked it off the timer ran out.

Sara was next. Nostradamus flashed HAND JOB FROM MIKE, and Sara glanced at the Geek as if he had set that one up. He looked innocent, so she went over to him. He picked up the bottle of lotion and rubbed it on his hands. Kneeling in front of her, he ran a finger up and down her slit. Her pussy lips swelled in response. Then he ran the finger around and around the clit, and then extending two fingers began to rub up and down. Sara moaned, rolled back her head, and thrust her hips forward. Geek continued the slow rubs for the first minute, and then as Nostradamus 's count increased he increased the speed. His two fingers thrust deep into her pussy and moved in and out. By the last ten seconds he was bringing his fingers in and out faster than the count of seconds, and Sara's hips were jerking. Nostradamus said TIME and Mike instantly pulled out his fingers and backed away from the Sara, leaving her moaning for more.

Now he realized it was his turn. Wiping his fingers on his pubic hair, he pressed Nostradamus 's key, and DOGGY KIA appeared on the screen. "Oh, my," squealed Kia. Is that what I think?" 

"Doggy style is famous, Kia," said Mike, with a grin, pointing to the couch. Kia came over and climbed on the couch, on her hands and knees. The Geek knelt behind her, but her little pink pussy was hardly high enough off the couch for Mike to stick his dick in. He rubbed his dick through the cleft of her ass a couple of times, and then he lifted her up by her belly until he was able to penetrate her. She wrapped her legs around him to hold herself up. Neither of them could move much in this position, but that did not keep them from enjoyment of slow twisting strokes as Mike wiggled her hips back and forth. One of his hands crept forward to grasp the nipple on her small breast, and they just swayed back and forth taking pleasure from the motion. Two minutes passed, as all of us got hotter and hotter watching them and anticipating Nostradamus directing us in our turn.

The turn passed to Anna Marie. HAND JOB FROM JOSE appeared on Nostradamus's screen. Anna looked interested in trying this approach, and climbed on the back of the couch with her legs spread and her pink pussy opened giving us all a good view. Jose came over to her and poured lotion on his hands, and then began at her breasts, running his finger around her nipple in circles, then tracing it down across her stomach to the v of her crotch. But before it quite got there, he made a turn and traced back up to the nipple of the other breast. Her hips jerked slightly as she felt it make the turn, as if her expectations had gone away. But then one finger turned to two, rolling her nipple between them before they left and trailed down across her light pubic hair again to rub down her slit, then come back up and wrap around her clit and roll it back and forth, and then the two fingers entered her cunt and began a rapid twisting in and out that caused her to grind her hips in pleasure again. When time expired, Jose took his fingers out and with his cocky grin popped them in his mouth to lick off. 

The computer seemed to be teasing us with last weeks commands. For Jamaal's turn it came up with HAND JOB FROM KIA. Jamaal strode to where Kia was sitting and thrust his hips toward her, putting his cock right in front of her face. Kia oiled her hands, and began gently, rubbing one finger up and down, then round and round the head of his dick. Then she wrapped the whole hand around the large shaft and began going slowly up and down. Jamaal moaned, and Kia stroked faster, coming up over the head of his cock and letting her hand slip off of it each time, then quickly back on. Then she began holding just the tip in her fingers, rotating them around and around. As two minutes clicked, Kia gave one final long up and down stroke, and sent Jamaal back to his seat, while Kia smiled gently.

After Kia took a moment to recover, she realized it was her turn. She hit the button and Nostradamus offered ORAL FROM AARON. My cock twitched in anticipation as I approached her. She leaned back and spread her legs and her pink pussy was just waiting for my tongue. Since she has only the lightest of pussy hair, I started by licking all around her mound and around her pussy in a circle, then in a smaller circle, and finally right up and down the lips and over the clit. After teasing her this way, I ran my tongue up and down the slit, pushing it deeper each time. I wiggled it around inside, probing deeper and deeper and savoring the slightly salty taste. When Nostradamus called time I thrust my tongue deep one more time and then pulled away, leaving her squirming on the couch with her eyes rolled back.

Jose had the next turn. I watched as he got SIXTY NINE SARA. I knew those two hot Hispanics would love this. They went to the couch and conferred for a moment, and decided that Sara would be on the couch and Jose approach her from above. She lay down and spread her legs in anticipation so we all had a good look at her wet pussy. Then Jose came over her and his cock slid into her mouth from above, and he bent his head down to lick her pussy. They both had fine athletic bodies, and they twisted into the awkward position required with grace and began their rubbing movements right away. In and out of her mouth went his cock, and over her pussy danced his tongue. She pulled the cock in further and his tongue sank deep into the wet juicy pussy lips. Two minutes was all too short. When Nostradamus said TIME they just went on with their thrusting, and finally Anna Marie slapped Jose on the butt to get his attention and make them break.

"End of round one," called the Geek. " Nostradamus is set for four minutes for round two!"

Then Faleesha leaned over the computer, her pointed breasts swinging down as she did, and it came up again SIXTY NINE and this time JAMAAL. They decided to give the show some variety so Jamaal lay down on the couch with his hard cock standing up, and Faleesha straddled his face. The dark lips of her pussy parted as she leaned forward and we all had a good view as Jamaal's tongue began its work. Faleesha seemed a bit reluctant to take Jamaal's full length at first and worked on the tip of it with her tongue, but he forced his tongue deep into her slit and worked it around her clit so insistently that soon she was deep throating his dick too. Both of them were rather vocal and moaned as they worked, but their voices were muffled by the mouthful each had. Time was called, Faleesha slumped down on Jamaal and gave him a long body rub as she pulled away.

My turn was next. I seemed to have bad luck as I saw the old MAKE OUT command with SARA beside it. But Mike just said, "Get creative." Sara came toward me and it was clear that making out was not all she wanted either. As I pressed my lips against hers, she swarmed over me, sucking my tongue into her mouth, and quickly I felt her soft breasts press against my chest and her legs wrap around mine as she lifted herself up so her pussy could push onto my cock. I put my hands under her round butt and holding her tightly to me, we made out with our lips and screwed at the same time, thus satisfying ourselves and Nostradamus too, I hope. She pulled herself up and down on my shaft as I thrust it forward, and I kept my tongue busy in her mouth. This seemed to really excite her and she pressed her boobs into my chest and her pussy hard against my dick. When Nostradamus called time, I hated to put her down. Reluctantly she lifted her pussy off my cock and gave me a final deep kiss before she left.

Now Sara pressed Nostradamus' key, and the screen told her ORAL FROM JOSE. He took to the job with alacrity, kneeling in front of her and using his fingers to spread the dark lips of her pussy which was already dripping from our encounter. Jose grinned as he showed the wet pink inside of her slit. Licking up and down, he took time to thoroughly manipulate her clitoris each time and she was getting hotter and hotter, thrusting her hips into his mouth each time he reached her clit. Then he began to roll his tongue around, and worked it deeper and deeper into her pussy while she made little panting noises and grabbed his swollen dick with her hand, exciting him to greater effort pleasuring her. For the four minutes this went on but when Nostradamus said TIME, Jose pulled his tongue out of her pussy quickly and backed up, leaving her moaning and straining her hips forward. Jose grinned and said, "Tease and denial, amiga."

The Geek was up. He hoped his machine, his creation, would do him well. It gave him PLEASURE YOURSELF - KIA. He looked sort of disappointed but I said, "Remember what she did for me, Geek." and he brightened. Kia came over to him and he grasped his cock as she did so. She reached for the jar of lotion, and as Mike stroked his dick she spread it all over her front, rubbing it tantalizingly into her tits and then down over her belly to her thin pubic hair and her slit. Mike still stroked as she came up to him. leaned over, and began to rub her body up and down against his. Her smooth breasts started at his forehead, came down over his face to his lips where he sucked them greedily as he continued to stroke. Then they continued down over his chest, down his belly, and then she rubbed them against his dick as he played with the crown of it. Then she sat on his leg which he extended so he could still stroke his cock, and she began to play with her pussy. Watching her and stroking harder, Mike was delighted with his four minutes play and thanked Nostradamus for it.

Anna Marie approached the computer, her large breasts swinging over it as she searched for the right key. She pressed, and Nostradamus flashed RIDE EM - JOSE. I thought Jose had all the luck as he had already gotten this treat with Faleesha. He knew how to do it so he promptly lay down on the couch, his cock straining up. Anna Marie straddled his legs, and made a point of spreading her pussy for all of us as she lowered toward his shaft. Jose was more like a bucking bronco this time, thrusting deeply upward into her. He pulled her closer to him so that he could first fondle those large breasts, then pulled her down more so he could suck the nipples as she rocked her hips to excite him. She then rose up again and finished the four minutes with rapid up and down movements that left Jose moaning when TIME was called.

Jamaal took his turn, and ORAL FROM ANNA MARIE was his luck. This was right up his line. He slumped down in the chair so his large cock thrust forward and Anna Marie knelt between his legs and bent forward. This put on quite a show for the watchers, placing the twin white cheeks of her butt right toward us, with the pink lips of her pussy between them. Those of us with a side view could see her large round breasts hanging down as she knelt. Her darting tongue came out and began tickling the top of Jamaal's cock. The condoms Mike had supplied were so thin that she could run her tongue round and round the sensitive ridge where he had been circumcised. Then by flicking the top and teasing the opening on the end of it, she showed her real skill at blow jobs. She held his cock in one hand and began taking it deeper and deeper into her mouth, moving up and down slowly. As the end of their time drew near she cupped his balls in her hand, leaving the whole of his shaft free to be deep throated. When their four minutes were up, she left him panting in his chair.
