 Recently our lead (female, 23, San Francisco) met a man in a bar, got drunk, and proceeded to go home with him. They were not alone. The large white raper van was equipped with a 19-year-old driver. Our horny couple had the best sex of their lives rolling in the back of that van through the twisty streets of the San Francisco hills. Once the van was parked, it got really hot and heavy. She sucked his dick the whole way home, always loving the feeling of making a man thick, and hard as steel. She had been told a number of times that her dick sucking stirred different parts of the brain than usual fucking, and that she made it thicker than usual. She usually responded by doing her signature move: Start by getting the dick really good and wet, then, jack him off while gently flicking his balls with your tongue, then harder, swirls all around, putting one ball in her mouth, then the other, then both. Remember to never stop jacking him off. Start slow, but don't forget to be firm, but gentle. Then, move up slowly for the balls, flicking your tongue along the underside of the shaft, and in one quick motion when your lips come to the top, go for the deep throat. It's especially pleasing when they don't see it coming and you haven't done if for a while. 

But once they were parked, they tore off their clothing and started fucking like rabbits. He loved to hold her legs up and ram her hard while watching her titties roll and bounce around. Then he put her foot in his mouth. She been working all day in nasty boots, but he didn't care. The tattooed music notes were so hot, he had to have that foot in his mouth, and slowly swirled his tongue and sucked on each toe. It totally drove her over the edge, and even though she was drunk and hardly remembers, she's pretty sure she came that night. The toe-sucking brought back strong memories of her with her first boyfriend on the living room floor with the whole family home, the threat of being caught such a turn on, and she loved the way it pulled at her groin. She also let him tittie fuck her, and he ate her out, which she never allows. She thinks she's gross down there. She never shaves, it irritates too much. But this hard rocker hippe was totally down. When they were done in the van, they moved to the apartment, where she proceeded to brake the bed by throwing him on to it and jumping on top of him. So they fucked all night on the floor. 

After this adventure, she had more confidence. She remembered an ex had called her, but she missed the call. She returned his call. He wanted to let her know he had just broken up with his girlfriend of two years. She dated this guy years ago, but he still remembered the amazing head. In fact, it was he that encouraged her to practice on him, and she loved it when he came in her mouth. She knew exactly why he had called, there could be no other reason. 

He came up on the train that night. When he sat down on her bed, there was nothing she could do but straddle him, and kiss him passionately for minutes, grinding her pelvis against his with precise, twisted movements before he couldn't take it any longer and tore open her shirt. He buried his face into her breasts, pulling each tit out of her bra to suck the nipple, while she buried her nails in his hair, guiding his head up her chest to her neck where she moaned in ecstasy as he tongued her neck, groped her breast and dry humped her so hard her clit was on fire and her vagina contracted for insertion. She was wet easy, and she knew she was already dripping. But she knew that first, there would be sucking. The sucking of his massive cock. 

Now there was a cock that could not be deep throated, but darn if he didn't try to jam that thing back in her every time. She didn't mind, and she knew that if she gagged, he took it as a complement, so it was all good. A line he once said she'll never forget: "I want to see pizza." Trying hard to make her vomit. Almost did, but she worked his balls with her mouth so well while jacking him off that he could hardly complain once she licked the head, come shooting through his dick to her palate so quick she smiled and relished in sucking up each remaining drop, causing him to jerk uncontrollably on her bed. She loved the jerk, but didn't know if he did. But he'd push her away if it was no good anyway, so whatever. 

He sure didn't forget about her by any means. The great thing about this guy was his hand. He could bring more pleasure to her than any other guy. She had no idea why, but he was the best at fingering, taking her places with his fingers and her clit she never knew. He started with a long passionate kiss followed by slowly loving each breast. He tickled her stomach lightly and moved his hand to her crotch, parting her legs to him, and guided by his middle finger he made his way to her moist hole. He slowly dipped his finger in, stimulating the sides of her vagina in circles, moistening his finger. He brought it up to her clit, where he wetted the surrounding area. Then he used three fingers together to stimulate the whole area in circles, using his middle finger as a pivot for the other two, causing her to squeal and writhe on the bed below his sinful touch. He was light, at first, almost ticking her clit and the surrounding area. His wide strokes stimulated every sensitive part, her slipperiness made the ride so fun and enjoyable. He gently increased his pressure and she moaned in pleasure, unconsciously rotating her hips as if an invisible man were fucking her. She actually found the thought of fucking a man more of a turn on than actually doing it, and his hand was all she needed to satisfy her fantasy. There was some variation in his stroke, to a deeper, slower, more deliberate pace. Circles, paying close attention to the area at the top of her clit. She couldn't stop writhing and twitching. She tried to relax and exhale so she could come, but she always ended up twitching, bringing her shivers throughout her body. That felt just as good. It was like the part right after the orgasm, without the buildup. A pleasant surprise. 

And then there was the guy from work. They flirted with each other a lot, and one night, the stars were right. She went to his place and he couldn't get enough of her sucking his dick, and she couldn't get enough either. She liked him because he was a bit nerdy, so she somehow felt a bit more comfortable around him. Plus he was really tall, so his dick was nice and long. One night, he found her g-spot, for sure. He climbed on top of her, and she squeezed his pelvis with her thighs so tight that the curve of his dick hit just the right spot and the closeness and deepness combined with her forceful grinding somehow finding her clit, brought an explosive orgasm from the depths of her being. 

She wanted more, (as always, besides, he wasn't coming any time soon from all the weed they smoked) so she had him lie on the bed with his feet on the floor and bounced on his dick, cowgirl style. The bed was really high. That combined with an excellent bounciness in the mattress and her strong legs... needless to say it was a fun ride. He loved the way she twisted her hips and squeezed his dick with short, light pulsations. Sometimes she would slow down and roll around while she played with herself, clit in one hand, tit, in the other. She'd look behind her to see if he was paying attention, enjoying the show, which he couldn't have been more. He particularly liked looking at the branch of cherry blossoms she had tattooed to her shoulder. "My little geisha...." He thought to himself as she ground down on him harder, reaching that point of ecstasy again and again. 

He was thinking about the last time she came over.... They got high as usual and had sex for 3 hours, and he didn't come once. She took offense to this, of course, and continued sucking his dick for close to 2 hours. His favorite part was the living room. She sat on the couch, totally naked and defenseless, with a cute smirk on her face. She wanted him to nail her in the throat, but she was a little concerned of the force of his dick, some guys weren't very gentle, resulting in pain and gagging. But this guy was a nice guy. Would never pull her hair or smack her ass. To bad....

Anyway, she kissed his head with her mouth and deftly parted her lips and wetted him with her tongue, taking his whole head into her mouth, sucking the life out of him. He let out a loud grown. She knew he loved all this, but we're here to have him fuck my mouth, so let's do it. She slowly moved her way further down his dick so that it hit the back and then she sort of just relaxed and went further than she could, pushing it's way through. She did this a few times to relax and loosed up and then totally removed her hands and looked up at him to give him the go ahead. Then he slowly fucked. Her. Mouth. He pushed her further than any man had tried to before and succeeded without chocking her. Too much. But he loved that. He had never been so deep into a woman's throat before, and it felt unbelievable. And it was great watching her take it. For a while it had been her controlling the action, but now it was his turn. Fuck yeah. He was fucking her with such force that he was pushing her down to the point where she was basically on her back between his legs and he had his feet perched on the couch, arms supporting his top end. This didn't last too long, however, as the awesomeness of it was causing his knees to go weak. After repositioning themselves, the angle was perfect for the both of them to basically fuck each other. She was really getting into it, using her whole body to push her head forward, lifting her lets turning her body into a 'V' like she was doing Pilates or something. Whatever, she needed the exercise. She was also grabbing at her crotch when she could between strokes, what he was doing was so hot, she could feel herself pouring onto the sofa. Oops. It should be no surprise that she masturbated repeatedly thinking about him overpowering her with his manhood thrust in her face and she with no choice but to suck him and love every last drop out of him. She really did relish every last moment her mouth was on him, hand on balls. 

These memories came back to both of them as she was riding him with total abandon, as if he weren't even there. She raised her arms to some unknown force and grunted, bringing her right hand down between their legs and pulled and groped his balls with her fingers while simultaneously getting her clit with her thumb. The additional stimulation to both of them sent them careening over the edge, and he grabbed her hips for dear life and thrust up clenching his ass, spasms spurting forth, pulling his balls inside. She slowed to a stop, a smirk lining her lips.