 PART 5 -- LET'S TRY BI

[Written by SexyGeek and his computer. All the random events in this story were actually generated by a computer program so the game played out randomly. Not even the author knew the order in which things would happen.] 

We called our dorm rooms the Sky Club, because we had drawn into four rooms in an isolated annex on the fourth floor, with a nice common room. Our college was co-ed so we had four girls and four guys in the rooms around the commons. As told in Chapters One to Four of this story, Mike the Geek had devised a series of games for us to play. Every Saturday he programmed orders into his computer for us to follow. Since his computer, which he called Nostradamus, was completely dispassionate in its instructions, it was somehow easier to lose inhibitions and do what the screen said. It was also exciting to never quite know what was coming next.

We had started with just a stripping game, and then progressed through more and more interesting orders from Nostradamus, until as told in Chapter four we realized that "An orgy is the friendliest thing eight people can do." We thought we had lost embarrassment in front of each other. In fact, we wondered how Nostradamus could take us to another level.

One Tuesday several of us were lounging around in the common room. Mike brought the subject of next Saturday's games up. "Well," he said, "do you think we have tried it all?" 

I said, "I think we have. After last week's orgy, what else can we do?" 

Kia, our little Asian beauty, giggled at that. But Anna Marie, big, blonde and busty, hesitated just a second and then said, "Welllllll," We all looked at her. She had always been the most daring and usually started out first in the first round of all our games. "Don't they say that 'bi is beautiful'?" 

Kia gasped at that one. But Sara, the irrepressible Hispanic girl, said, "Ay caramba! Now THAT is something we haven't tried!"

Mike and I looked at each other. "Wow, I don't know. Aaron, could we do something like that?" 

I hesitated, then swallowed hard and said, "Well, if Nostradamus insists ..." 

Mike steadfastly refused to admit that Nostradamus was not a real person. Pretending that the computer had a will of its own was part of the fun of our games. He thought a bit and then said, "It might just work. But I insist that every single one of us must buy in. Let me write a little program ..." I threw a pillow at him, meaning NO TECH TALK! "OK," he said, "I will make a great sacrifice and leave Nostradamus sitting on the table here all day Friday. I will write a password for each of you and give it to you in an envelope. IF, and ONLY IF, at the end of Friday are all eight passwords entered into Nostradamus will he get a bisexual program for us for Saturday. OK?"

Anna Marie and Sara agreed immediately. Kia giggled again and agreed also. Mike made up four envelopes and gave each of us an eight digit password. He promised to see that Jamaal, Faleesha, and Jose got passwords too. We were all a bit subdued after that, perhaps thinking about our decisions. Soon we drifted off to our rooms.

Friday arrived. Entering the common room, I could see Nostradamus open on the table. I looked around and saw none of our dormmates there, so I walked over and stared at the computer's screen. Finally, I reached out and typed my password and hit ENTER. Then I quickly walked away, wondering if I had done the right thing.

None of us sat around the common room that day. We all seemed to know that it was not right to stare at Nostradamus in case somebody else approached it. By Friday evening, however, several of us had gathered around. The silent presence of the computer on the table was on everybody's mind, but nobody mentioned it. Eventually, Anna Marie walked over and leaned over Nostradamus' keyboard. Even her pretty butt in the tight shorts she was wearing did not distract my attention from her fingers. But they flashed on and off the keys, and then she turned and gave us an enigmatic smile. She sort of twitched her shoulders, making her boobs swing back and forth, and then walked away. Had she typed her password? We could not tell.

That night I tossed and turned in my bed. I had never tried anything with another guy, although I knew some people had experimented in my high school. How would it feel if Nostradamus ordered it tomorrow? Oh well, I had made my decision when I typed my password. We were all over 18 and capable of making our own choices. Now we would gather in the common room on Saturday and discover what the computer's random numbers had generated for us.

Saturday came, and we took our accustomed seats. Jamaal, big, black, and a jock was in the big chair with blonde Anna Marie on his lap rubbing her big tits against his shoulder. On the couch were the other three girls: Faleesha in a low cut top tied just below her coffee-with-cream colored boobs and showing an enticing cleavage; Kia with a tight t-shirt over her small tits and very short shorts; and Sara with flashing black eyes and her typical bikini, this time a thin white material which barely covered her boobs and let the nipples show through. She had a transparent cover up over it, just for the stripping part of the game, I supposed.

The other guys were sitting in their chairs. Jose wore his usual muscle shirt with LA RAZA on the front; Mike sat by the computer in his loose old t-shirt and slacks; and I had chosen long baggy shorts and a t-shirt with the college's garnet seal on the front. We knew that whatever happened, stripping was bound to be part of the game and were ready for that. We were just not sure what else would happen.

"OK," said Mike. "Nostradamus showed that EIGHT passwords had been entered." We all looked nervously around the room at each other. "Everybody has agreed to try bi, so the gender lock of Nostradamus' program is gone. As he did the second week, he has made 50% of the numbers strip commands, and the other 50% are more exciting. I didn't think we wanted to go too far, so the most, um, penetrating commands are not in there yet." That was a bit of a relief to me. In the latter stages of our game, Nostradamus had "gone all the way" in his instructions. I saw that Mike had placed the bottle of lotion next to the computer, as well as a pile of towels.

Anna Marie stood up from Jamaal's lap. "As usual, I go first," she said, grinning. She hit the F1 button, and on Nostradamus' screen flashed STRIP! She knew the rules, first time that comes up it means down to underwear. So she danced out into the center of the room. She bent forward and the low cut top of her blouse revealed her big boobs in a skimpy white bra. Turning around, still bent forward, brought the back of her miniskirt climbing over her ass to show her white thong in the crack. She unzipped the skirt and stepped out of it, then turned again so the guys could see the small white patch of thin cloth barely covering her pussy. She grabbed the bottom of her blouse and pulled it up, revealing her midriff, and then the white bra with the round mounds of her boobs almost bursting out of it. Just to emphasize today's game, she danced over toward Sara and bent into her face, giving her a good look at those big boobs.

Jamaal was next up. He punched the button and MOON flashed on the screen. Grinning, he dropped his sweat pants showing he had just a jock strap under them. This was already showing his black moon, but he bent over and pulled it down anyhow, shaking his butt towards me. I was a bit shocked at that, but remembered that I had opted into this bi game. Jamaal pulled his jock up and sat down. Anna Marie, his girlfriend, put a hand over his crotch in a protective manner.

Kia was next, and the computer flashed BODY RUB. We watched as she punched F2 to find out who her partner would be. Was the gender interlock truly gone? MIKE, flashed Nostradamus' screen. We would not find out this time. Mike stood up and little Kia threw her arms around his neck and pressed close to him. He put one arm on her back and drew her small tits into his chest, and grabbed her butt with the other pressing their crotches together. Thirty seconds was Nostradamus' time limit in the first round, and the seconds ticked away to quickly for Mike and Kia. As she went back to the couch we could see Mike's hard cock straining against his loose slacks.

Jose followed Kia in our usual rotation. HAND RUB, said the screen. He seemed a little hesitant to press F2, but smiled with relief when KIA came up. He danced over to her in his usual cocky manner. She lay back on the couch and spread her legs. Jose moved in between them and began massaging her tits through the thin fabric of the t-shirt, then ran his hand down her belly into the crotch of her shorts and ran it round in circles until the thirty seconds were up. We could see that after two sessions with the guys Kia was getting excited.

The next girl was Faleesha. Nostradamus' random numbers also gave her the HAND RUB instruction. Pressing F2 came up with ANNA MARIE! Now we knew for sure that Nostradamus had his gender lock off and it was "bi is beautiful" today. Faleesha walked over to Anna Marie, sitting on the arm of Jamaal's chair. Of course Anna Marie had stripped to start the game and wore only her white bra and thong. Faleesha was a bit hesitant, but reached out to caress Anna Marie's shoulders. Anna Marie leaned forward toward her, pushing the mounds of her boobs toward Faleesha's hand. Faleesha ran a tentative finger over them, then let it slip down to where Anna Marie's nipple was hard beneath the cloth. She rubbed the nipple in circles and Anna Marie closed her eyes and threw her head back. She knew the clock was ticking, so she reached out and drew Faleesha's hand down over her belly and onto the white patch of cloth in her crotch. Faleesha rubbed up and down a few seconds, and TIME flashed on Nostradamus' screen. She sat down with a look of relief, but Anna Marie sat on the arm of the chair with her legs still spread and a smug expression.

My turn was next. I took a deep breath and prepared to follow Nostradamus' orders, no matter what they were. That was the thing about this game. Once we all bought into the rules, our decision was made. We knew we would end up naked, and we knew we would be doing sexy things to each other. The element that added some excitement to the game was the entirely random order set by the computer. So I pressed the button and saw STRIP. I was a bit relieved by that, and proceeded to put on a show as I pulled up my t-shirt and showed off the thin line of hair running down my chest. Then I dropped my shorts. My cock was showing my excitement beneath my silk boxers. Today I was wearing the baby blue ones. I thrust my hips toward Sara, and then decided to turn and thrust them toward Mike too. Still not entirely comfortable with this game I went back to my seat.

Now was Sara's turn, and Nostradamus gave her HAND RUB and FALEESHA. Sara, irrepressible as always, grinned at Faleesha and said, "Get ready, amiga!" Faleesha leaned back on the couch and thrust her hips forward so her light yellow panties showed beneath her miniskirt. Sara danced over to her and between her legs and began to rub Faleesha's tits in the low cut top she was wearing. Then her other hand went up between Faleesha's legs and onto her pussy under the panties. Sara gave her a good rub in each place. When Nostradamus flashed TIME we could all see the wet stain on the yellow panties before Faleesha pressed her legs together.

Mike was next. Nostradamus was his computer so I guess he expected good luck with the randomizer. It flashed HAND RUB, and he looked just a bit worried. When the F2 key produced JAMAAL, Mike looked a bit stunned. However, he swallowed hard walked over to the chair where our black football player sat. Anna Marie moved aside, and regarded him with a quizzical grin. Mike sat on the arm of the chair and looked at Jamaal's hard cock straining against the jock strap. He used his four fingers to rub up and down once, then drew them back. Jamaal said, "You're doing good, Geek! Go for it." Mike took a deep breath and began to rub in earnest, making Jamaal's cock twitch under his hands. When Nostradamus flashed TIME, he quickly pulled away and walked back to his seat without looking at any of us. We were all silent as we realized that we were committed to this game.

Anna Marie was next and got MOON. Since she had on a skimpy thong, there was not much to pull down off her fine ass. As she dropped the thong she bent forward and spread her legs so her pink pussy showed between them. We could see that it was beginning to lubricate and her inner lips were starting to swell. Anna Marie liked to show off her body to us and it turned her on. She pulled the thong back up as our rules specified for the first moon. As she sat down on the padded arm of Jamaal's chair we could see her rubbing her pussy against it.

Jamaal's command was BARE CHEST. He enjoyed doing this because he was the most buffed of any of us. His toned abs and pecs were soon on display so he was dressed only in that jock strap.

Kia pressed the button and saw HAND RUB. Pressing F2 came up AARON and my cock twitched in my boxers. Kia came over to me with her sweet smile and began to rub her hand in circles on my bare stomach. This was round two so Nostradamus gave us sixty seconds. Kia was something of a tease so she slowly took the circles down toward my straining cock. Then her fingers grasped the tip of it through the silky fabric of my underwear, and rubbed in small circles which were amazingly tantalizing. As the clock ticked, she began to rub up and down the shaft with her palm, and for the last few seconds her movements were rapid and drove me wild. I was disappointed when TIME flashed.

Jose followed Kia and got STRIP. He lifted his muscle shirt to display his chest, and then dropped his pants to show his skimpy briefs just covering his hard cock. He turned full circle so all of us of both sexes got to see the evidence of his excitement.

Faleesha was next, and PLEASURE YOURSELF was her order. She seemed to get this command with some regularity and we all knew she liked to do it. Once again she thrust her hips forward and we saw her light yellow panties under her miniskirt, already damp from her previous turns. She began to rub them, faster and faster, her hips twitching as she did. Then her hand went inside the panties and moved up and down against her bare pussy. We could tell she found her clit as she began circling her hand on it, closing her eyes and moaning softly. Nostradamus flashed TIME but she continued until Sara grabbed her hand and said, "Enough, girlfriend, enough!"

My turn produced MAKE OUT. Once again it was with a bit of trepidation that I pushed F2. I was not quite sure how I would do it with a guy. But luck stayed with me and SARA was Nostradamus' choice. This I could do! She was ready, and melted into my arms and pressed up against me in her tiny bikini. Our lips sought each other and our tongues got busy. I put a hand on her butt and pressed her against my throbbing cock and we swayed our hips as we sucked hungrily on each others tongues. One minute passed all too fast.

Sara walked to Nostradamus and saw PLEASURE YOURSELF on the screen. I knew she was already excited from our make out session, and her thin white bikini clung to her pussy as she leaned back on the couch. One hand went to her tits behind the thin fabric, the nipple poking through hard as she rubbed it. The other hand was in her crotch working hard on her pussy. As time passed she pulled aside the bikini top and was rubbing her bare tit. We were all enjoying her show and TIME was called all too soon.

Mike got MOON next. He dropped his loose slacks to show his briefs, then pulled them down and shook his skinny ass at us. He kicked the slacks away and sat down in his briefs, which stuck up in front to show how much he liked this game.

The MOON came out again as Anna Marie's turn came. This time the rule was that her underwear stayed off. After those two round pink moons flashed at us, she turned around and we could see the thin blonde hair covering her pubic mound and the pink lips of her pussy dripping below it. It was strange to see her bottomless but with her bra still on, but that was what the random numbers gave us sometimes.

Jamaal got STRIP, and the jock strap came off to let his large black cock swing free. He turned his back to the girls and clenched the cheeks of his ass, making that cock bounce in the direction of the guys. We were not sure what message he wanted to send us.

Now Kia took her turn. BODY RUB said Nostradamus, and MIKE was the lucky guy. Kia was still fully dressed but Mike's cock was straining against his briefs. Kia threw her arms around his neck and lifted a leg so her pussy in those little short shorts pushed against Mike's cock. Time was a minute and a half this round so she gave him the full benefit, moving her small body up and down against him as he pressed her crotch into hers.

Jose was next. He got BARE CHEST but that was a do over. So his next choice was MAKE OUT. We all watched, and were a bit relieved when ANNA MARIE was shown. Jose bare chested but in his briefs pressed against Anna Marie, wearing only her bra. All the bare skin in between rubbed back and forth as their mouths got busy with tongue teasing. A minute and a half of that left them both panting when they broke.

Faleesha pressed the button and we cheered as it said BARE CHEST. She danced to the center of the room and toyed with the tied bottom of her low cut top. The knot came loose slowly and then she spread the top out to show her tits barely covered by a lacy black bra. Her hands went behind her back to the clasp, and facing the girls on the couch she let the bra fall and shook her shoulders. We guys were entranced as she slowly turned toward us and her full boobs with the pointed nipples swung again for our benefit. She sat down, placing her hands on the couch and arching her back a bit, knowing she was putting on a show.

So far the random numbers had kept things pretty hetero. Bisexuality was still on the table, however. My turn said HAND RUB. When F2 produced MIKE, I was not quite sure how to proceed. He was sitting there in his briefs, and his hardon pressed up through them. I walked over to his chair by the desk, and knelt in front of him. I ran both hands up his thighs at first, and then brought one over his stomach. I knew I had to get to the real work, though, so I started with his balls and then began to rub up and down his cock. He had his eyes closed, and I wondered if he was imagining one of the girls taking my place. Ninety seconds seemed a long time, but I found that my own cock was twitching just as his was. I wondered at that but decided to just accept it. I went back to my seat with relief.

Sara was next, and got BARE CHEST so that was fun. Her bikini top came off to show the tan lines on her boobs and their dark pointed nipples. She swung them back and forth, and then went to each of the girls in turn and thrust them toward their face. I wondered if the bisexuality was turning her on and she wanted to try it.

Mike pressed the button and got PLEASURE YOURSELF. His face fell as if he thought his old friend Nostradamus was letting him down. However he bravely put his hand to his hard cock under his briefs and began to rub. We could see that his embarrassment was leaving him as his excitement rose, and he stroked harder, then slipped his hand inside his underwear so he could wrap it directly around his cock. His hips were jerking when Nostradamus flashed TIME. He sat down with one hand still on his cock.

Round four began with ANNA MARIE ordered to MAKE OUT with SARA. Both girls grinned at this and put their arms around each others waists and brushed lips gently, then more insistently. Sara's bare boobs pressed against Anna Marie and Anna Marie rubbed her pussy with the light blonde hair against Sara's legs as their tongues tickled each other. Then they pressed closer together and we could see their tongues seeking deep into each others mouths. The guys were all straining forward and watching intently as the girls put on a show for us. It was hard to tell whether the girls or the watchers were more excited after two minutes passed.
