 We continue the story of Geoff and Julie, whom I last wrote about in "A family Caribbean Holiday" and "A Porn star is born?" You may wish to look at them first. Julie is a very attractive, blond Ward Sister or Manager, In a famous London Children's Hospital. She has been living with Geoff, a successful businessman for about nine months.

The Story continues after Geoff, Julie and his teenage sons, John and Ian, return from their holiday.

*****

Julie quickly fell back into the routine of her demanding job when the family returned from holiday. She still blushed remembering her disgraceful behaviour, mostly egged on by Geoff. There was no escaping the fact that her antics were becoming more reckless over time. She just enjoyed public sex and with multiple partners, as much as Geoff enjoyed watching it. It wasn't fair that people were wired differently in their need for sex and she was voracious. Her hobby was helped by the fact that at just over thirty, she was still stunning, with dark blond hair, a full, but firm figure and now a deep tan, which always made her look more gorgeous.

She and Geoff had discussed her depraved and borderline illegal activities on holiday and both agreed, they had to be curtailed, or at least made safer. As a Children's Nurse, having group sex with four teenagers on holiday, would not make her "Flavour of the Month", if it ever became known in the hospital where she worked. Geoff had suggested that a very exclusive, discreet men's club in Knightsbridge he knew of, might be an outlet for her appetites. The staff there provided almost any sexual service you could think of, that wasn't illegal or likely to lead to permanent injury. Julie had been intrigued and asked him to explore what might be possible.

She returned to work, still recovering from a beating she had received on holiday, that had been largely her fault. Nominally, she worked a 40 hour week, in practice , this was at least 50 hours, sometimes longer. Like the other staff in the hospital, the children always came first, however difficult that made life outside. She appreciated Geoff because he was not jealous when her work came first, over missed dinner parties and film nights.

One evening, when she returned frazzled and late, as usual, Geoff was grinning.

"What are you so pleased about?" She snapped after he kissed her.

"It's arranged," Julie looked puzzled, "The club I talked about on holiday, you remember, I've got you an interview."

Julie seemed to cheer up, 

"Oh that's great, thanks, but no commitment till I know what's involved I hope. I don't want to end up a sex slave in Kazakhstan."

"No, no, it's just an exploratory meeting, on both sides. You've got an appointment, next Tuesday at 10 in the morning. It's called "The Grosvenor", here's the address. Very discreet, upmarket address, no name plate outside. It just looks like another office building in a Georgian Square.

Just go in and ask for Katie, she's the friend I told you about and no, she's not that kind of friend. Very easy to get on with, but very upper class, accent you can cut with a knife, you know the type. She is responsible for staff recruitment and rotas. You'll like her, very easy to get on with. No need to go dressed to kill, something smart and discreet is fine." Geoff finished.

"Well that seems to be settled, thanks, I think, no, really thanks, I'm intrigued, The thought of lap dancing, swinging naked from a chandelier, in an exclusive London club, very decadent. Still the risk of meeting someone I know I suppose."

"Ah, but what are they doing there, it works both ways, everyone must be discreet." He reassured her.

"You're right as usual, well I'll be there and see what happens."

A few days later, Julie was walking up the club's steps in an elegant, high necked, black Chanel dress and black heels. The building was beautiful, a three story Georgian Town House in a small square with a central gated garden. She knew it would typically have been built for an aristocratic family, to use for the London season, after shooting had finished in the Autumn. A doorman in a green morning coat and top hat, opened the door for her and she smiled in gratitude. Entering into a large, marble floored entrance hall, with a wide staircase in front of her. A smart, pretty woman about her age, was sitting at a desk, working on a computer,

"Excuse me, I have an appointment with Katie at ten, is she here?"

"Katie, sorry, I'm not sure, oh you mean Lady Katie. Yes she is, I'll find her for you."

Lady Katie, cripes, she was in exalted company, Julie thought. Shortly afterwards, the girl returned with a tall slim, dark haired women, in her late 30's, smiling broadly. 

"Sorry about this, I'm just finishing a meeting, tea or coffee?"

"Coffee would be lovely," Julie answered.

"Sam, would you make a pot of coffee for me and Julie and put it in the library? Give her one of our questionnaires, you know the ones.

Now don't be frightened of it Julie, just tick what you're happy with, it's not a test."

Katie turned, waved and headed back to her meeting and Sam showed her into the Library, then went off for the coffee. Julie sat there, catching her breath. She thought about Katie, conventionally pretty in an English rose type of way, great legs, but a bit skinny, flat chested, for her tastes. The room was as she expected, well worn leather chairs, dark curtains and wallpaper, a masculine vibe. Sam returned with the coffee and a form.

"You've got a pen?" Julie nodded

"I'll leave you then, Katie shouldn't be long. I was teasing earlier, no one calls her by her title. It impresses some of the clients no end though. Bye"

With that, she hurried out and Julie looked at the form, blushed and bit her lip. Wow, she went through the options, group sex, anal sex, girl on girl, punishment, double penetration, it went on and on. She finished, having ticked most of the options, put it down and was pouring a coffee as Katie came back in. Julie rose and attempted a curtsy.

"Actually etiquette requires you to lie prostrate on the ground, whilst I walk all over you in stilettos, but we'll forget formalities, just this once.

Seriously, the Lady bit, just means I married an alcoholic baronet with tastes way above his meagre salary. Thus you find me here, earning a crust. What's a girl supposed to do, I love him. You are much better off with Geoff, a delightful intelligent chap with lots of money. Still, looking at you, I think you must keep him very happy.

He tells me you work in hospital, don't worry, he gave no details. I won't be approaching them for a reference, not really relevant experience. He did suggest there were quite a number of men who would give you a glowing reference. We won't go into that either. You're obviously the sort of girl we need, intelligent, gorgeous and open minded."

Katie finished and looked through the form.

"Oh my, very open minded, you are a little treasure, ticked nearly everything, You are going to be in demand my girl.

Now let's give you some background, then show you around. this is a conventional gentlemen's club, very expensive. It just happens to take the members needs or the needs of their members, very seriously." Katie sniggered at her corny joke and Julie joined in, to be polite.

"It is a requirement to work here, that the ladies and men, are available to the members, members. Before you ask, that includes me. Some men like skinny middle aged ladies and they love the title, particularly Americans. Believe it or not, we have lawyers, teachers, hospital consultants, nurses, even police officers, working here. That means absolute discretion from members and staff, no discussion with anyone, including Geoff, about what goes on in here, ever.

We have a good restaurant, a bar with the best cocktail barman in London. Upstairs are bedrooms and play rooms, but congress can take place anywhere, between anyone, in front of anyone else. If you have a client, or he has you, as it where, there is a fee, we collect it, to save embarrassment, based on the number of partners and what you do. The house keeps 15%, you get the rest, but in salary, less tax. We are not going to fall foul of the taxman.

That makes me your pimp I suppose, deliciously sordid isn't it."

Julie found herself warming to her prospective employer, as they finished their coffee and walked out of the room, arm in arm.

"We even have some action playing pool, snooker, in the library, we play strip pool, with forfeits. Girls are expected to lose of course, just in case you're a pool pro. Then there's Strip Poker of course, very traditional. Again if you're a wizard card counter, just don't."

They walked into the comfortable bar and lounge, greeting the bartender.

"John, this is Julie, she might be joining us."

He looked her up and down and said,

"That'll be a treat, I can't wait."

Both women wagged a finger at him and walked out, as John admired their rear view. Why was a swaying feminine ass so hypnotic.

Next they went into the restaurant and Julie met more of the staff.

"Everyone does everything by the way, when your here, reception, serving in the restaurant, upstairs in bed. The customers like the idea that anyone they see is theoretically, available to them.

Now, let's go upstairs and look at the playrooms."

They looked in the bedrooms, each with a different colour scheme. Finally they made there way to the end of a corridor, into the bondage room. There were chains and ropes, hanging from the ceiling, wooden beams with handcuffs attached and various other implements of torture, or pleasure, depending which way you swing.

"Gross isn't it," Katie said, "Still you did say bondage and receiving punishment floated your boat, so you might be seeing more of this room. You've only yourself to blame mind you."

They made their way, back to the library and sat down for another coffee.

"So, are you interested Julie?"

"Absolutely, when do I start, I can't wait?"

"Hang on, a few more details, firstly you've got an initial £500 Lingerie budget at this shop nearby." She handed Julie the address.

"We suggest an evening in as an observer, though join in, if the mood takes you. We go for nice, discreet cocktail dresses, with underwear to kill underneath..

All the staff are asked to make appointments with this STD consultant in Harley Street and then to be seen every two weeks. The club picks up the bill of course." She handed over another business card.

"They'll be a lot more to pick up, not infections I hope, but that's enough for the moment. All the girls and boys are very helpful to newcomers.

Now, can we set a first day, to fit in with your schedule?"

It had all been such a rush and now she was booked for her first evening, next Saturday.

"Can I go now and get some lingerie, as I'm starting soon?" Julie asked.

"Yes, why not, it's just nearby."

With that, Katie escorted her out and she walked to the shop. She gave her name and said it was to go on the club's account. The middle aged assistant said,

"Stand up and give me a twirl, if you would. that's it, very nice, very trim but full figure. Now if you'd allow me to advise, I know what will suit you and what the club likes it's girls to wear, sexy, pretty, but not vulgar, or cheap." Julie nodded,

"Well we're not cheap, but that's not your problem and the club gets a 20% discount. So if you'll slip everything off, we'll get started. We've a room in the back, or if you do it in the window, we'll attract some passersby, only kidding."

Julie did as she was told and stood naked in the middle of the shop, the woman scrutinised her,

"Yes, quite delightful, 36C, 35, 36, if I'm not mistaken."

"You're good," Julie replied.

The woman bought in a delicate pink Basque, with suspenders and matching pink stockings and thong. It fitted perfectly and Julie admired herself in the mirror, front and back. She leant forward, her nipples were barely covered.

"This is spectacular," Julie said.

Julie tried on the next two items, a half cup white bra and pants set with hold ups and a fitted black body stocking, slit to her navel. 

"That'll do for the moment, the woman said,"

"Is that really £500?" Julie asked.

"More, but I usually give newcomers a joining present. I hope to be seeing lots of you. The girls at the club are a fun bunch, they seem to enjoy themselves. I think you'll fit in and you'll blow the members socks off in those outfits. I expect to hear ambulance sirens going past when you're working."

"Why thank you, that's kind." Julie said.

"No I mean it, now knock em dead"

With that, Julie left and returned home, where she tried on the outfits again. They were all stunning and showed off her figure perfectly. She was working half an early shift on Saturday. It was supposed to finish at midday and she got away by two, par for the course. When she got home, she cooked a quick lunch for her and Geoff and went for a sleep, he tried to join her,

"Not today sweetheart, I'm working tonight."

"I know, I am going to get a group of friends and join you at the club tonight."

She started to explode,

"Only kidding love, I'm not even a member."

" I'm a little nervous, I know I'm very badly behaved, but I've never been, you know, paid.

I was wondering what to wear, perhaps that Cheongsam you bought back from Hong Kong. The blue satin, with embroidered gold dragons, it's beautiful and not to obvious?" She finished.

"Not exactly discreet, but you'll look stunning in it."

Two hours later, Julie came down in the dress. She had put on the small bra and pants set and pale stockings.

"Honestly, I don't think I've ever seen you more beautiful, it doesn't leave much to the imagination." Geoff finished.

She looked into the mirror, he was right, it looked like she had been poured into the dress, it clung to every curve, her nipples were clearly outlined. He moved up behind her and cupped her breasts. She turned back to kiss him.

"I'd better be off, don't want to be late on my first day." She murmured.

Reaching for a coat and bag, she left the flat. Next time, she knew it would be easier, now she was nervous as a kitten. Hailing a cab outside, she was soon at the club. When she entered, Katie was in the entrance hall and came up to kiss her.

"You can put your coat and bag in there, they'll be quite safe.

My, you look good enough to eat, that dress is gorgeous, so unusual. Come and meet the other girls."

They entered the small, comfortable room, where the girls were relaxing. Katie introduced them, but before the last one, Julie said.

"No need Katie, hello Alina, it's lovely to see you." 

"Julie, sweetheart, what a surprise, a good one mind you. So much better out of uniform and perhaps we'll have you out of that lovely dress soon." They kissed each other.

Alina was a beautiful, willowy, Ukrainian Anaesthetist from Julie's hospital. She was dark haired, nearly six foot, with legs that went on for ever, typical East European girl.

"I told you, that you might bump into friends here.

Now Julie, as it's your first night, I've put you with Annie, serving in the restaurant, keep you out of harms way, so to speak. By all means come into the bar later. No doubt Alina will be entertaining her many fans, won't you dear." Katie finished.

"We try, we do try.

See you later Julie, enjoy yourself." Alina finished

"Well girls, action stations, the punters, sorry members, will be in soon."

They left, Julie and Annie heading for the restaurant. Checking the tables were laid and the kitchen ready, the girls chatted with the two chefs till the first customers came in. Julie guided two gentlemen to their table and gave them menus.

"Can I get you a drink gentlemen?"

"I'm Rupert and this is an American colleague, Jim and you are?"

"Julie sir, I'm new here."

"I thought you were a new face and body, first names please, no formalities.

I'll have a Scotch on the rocks, Bells, what about you Jim," He nodded.

"That's two Bells then please."

Rupert ran his hand up her thigh and over her ass. She stood, unconcerned, as he groped her, then turned to fetch the drinks. Annie was getting the same treatment at another table, where four men were dining. 

Each time Julie returned to the table, one or both men, would discreetly, explore her legs and ass. When the meal was over, there were no new guests in the restaurant and Rupert asked,

"You seem to have finished here for the evening, would you join us for a drink in the bar?"

"I'd love to sir, sorry Rupert." Julie said.

As they stood up, Julie put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him, with a light touch on the mouth, then did the same to Jim.

"What was that for?" Jim asked.

"Oh, I just felt like it, I didn't think you'd object." Then she laughed.

"Come on, let's get a drink." She took them by the arm and walked over to the bar.

When they entered, she stood for a moment, open mouthed. Two of the girls were kneeling in the middle of the room, in their Lingerie, kissing and exploring each other, murmuring and moaning. Alina sat in the middle of a sofa between two men, still in her cocktail dress, kissing each in turn. One man hand a hand up her skirt, a third man stood behind the sofa, handling her pert breasts. She stopped for the moment.

"Gentlemen this is Julie, a new, beautiful bird of paradise in our little aviary," Alina finished, smiling. The men, murmured greetings and returned to exploring the girl between them.

Julie broke the spell, 

"Well gents, what can I get you, I'll have a white wine please."

She fetched her drink and theirs, chatting with the barman, then went back to her guests, who were on another sofa and sat between them, passed the drinks and taking a large pull on hers. This was it, best get it over with, she thought. Jim put his hand lightly up her skirt and pulled her leg over his. Julie kissed him open mouthed, tasting the whisky. Meanwhile, Jim behind her was running his hands over her ass, then up and over the dress, gently twisting her sensitive nipples. Julie moaned softly into Jim's mouth, as she started to respond to the roaming hands. The zip on the back of her dress was pulled down and she briefly disengaged herself, stood up and pushed the dress down. As she stepped out of it, she said,

"There, that's more comfortable, now where were we? Oh yes."

Julie lay across both their laps and pulled Rupert down to a passionate kiss, as Jim, ran his hands over her thighs, then up under her pants. She was already wet and he pushed three fingers gently into her vagina, using his thumb on her clitoris. Breaking away from Rupert, she moaned,

"Oh fuck yes, please don't stop."

Jim pulled down her sodden pants and Rupert undid her bra. The American was thrusting hard into her with most of his hand and Rupert sucked hard on each nipple in turn. This was too much and she gripped the hand inside her as a climax washed over her. When she'd calmed down, Julie murmured,

"Gentlemen, gentlemen, I'm supposed to be entertaining you. Now, how can I show my gratitude, mmmm, yes?"

With that she knelt between them on floor and undid Jim's trousers, extracting a very nice, thick prick. Bending forward, she gave him an initial lick, then slowly sank down half his length, as the man groaned and held her head. She licked up him, then took in most of his length, sucking hard. This was her area of expertise and Jim was soon whimpering, trying to hold himself back. He'd had enough punishment and she turned to give Rupert the same treatment. When he was close to coming, she sat back in the chair, as the two men quickly took off their clothes, then knelt each side of her. Taking the hint, she took each in hand, sucking them, holding both on the edge.
