 "That'll be twenty, sir."

Andrew reaches into his wallet and pulls out a twenty "Here."

"Thank you; enjoy your evening, sir." Andrew opens the door and holds it for his companion as they walk into the club from the lobby. The club is a huge one with a large stage off to the left surrounded by seats, tables & four chair sets for 4 rows broken up with four small stages mixed into the table & chair sets. It's a slow night and only a small portion of the place could be filled with the people present. He steers them towards a set of table and chairs midway along the stage just behind the stage front chairs. The sit down where they can see the stage. He turns to his partner and says "So how is it for openers?"

Before his partner can answer one of the four waitresses wandering the place asks for there order. "One martini sour and a long island iced tea" He reply's promptly.

"As I was saying thought on it so far?" he asked again after the waitress walked off. Thinking and nervously glancing around his partner was silent for just a moment "Nothing like I expected. I thought it would be darker, dirtier feeling, kind of trashy not so, -classy. It- -oh thanks." She cuts off as the drinks arrive "That was fast."

"Thank you ma'am we strive for a pleasant relaxing atmosphere here." Reply's the waitress sensing her customer's awkwardness. 

Kimberly blushes slightly "You're welcome." And her modest height with ample chest and tight bottom covered by a conservative blouse and skirt shifted in her chair nervously. The attractive waitress in an athletic way, dressed in an elegant navy blue corset with matching g-string, garter, hose, and stiletto heels, bends and whispers to Kimberly "If it helps there are 4 other Women customers sitting right over there." She points subtly to a corner near the bar before walking away.

"Not really." Kimberly squeaks mostly to herself before she takes a gulp out of her long island still feeling very out of place and surveys the club. They sit working on there first few drinks watching the stage, the bar, and the other people. After finally building up her courage Kimberly asks "Hon, why are the girls only taking there tops off? I thought the idea was to watch them strip."

"Laws require that Clubs can't serve alcohol in full nude clubs." Her tall toned husband answers.

"I thought it would be trashier you know guys just grabbing and stuff."

"Again Laws or club rules protect the women no touching unless the Dancer Okays it."

They sit a bit more, small talking and Andrew catches that Kimberly is ogling the Women more than he is. Trying to act casual he ignored the steadily growing stiffness in his pants. Some time after their fourth drink, Kimberly says "lets go up to the stage."

"You can see fine from here." He intones mildly trying not to sound too excited over her interest in the dancers.

"How do you tip then?" She toys back seeing his interest and his effort to stay neutral and let her make her own opinions.

"You have to go up to the stage but they reserve those for the tippers."

"So lets go be tippers it only seems nice they dance there all night and all."

Up to the stage front chairs they go and they hand out a couple of ones to the Dancers on their topless number. Kimberly flushed when one took her dollar by pinching her breasts together to grab it giving her a good feel of them. "Did I mention that women get more attention from the Dancers than Men?"

"U-uh-h no but I just learned it" She shakily replies. The Dancer That took the bill interestingly leans over to another guy who was signaling to her they whisper for a moment, she then exits the stage and comes out a side door and takes the mans hand and leads them off to a different side door.

"What was that about attention?" she teases Andrew.

"He must have asked for a private dance."

"Ah-ha so I was right at first-"

"No he wants her to dance for him alone, which usually means her dancing is on a small low stage right in front of him or a lap dance."

"Ohh" Was all Kimberly could say half distractedly.

They tip another Dancer or two uneventfully. Then out comes this next dancer, introduced as Amber by the DJ, she was just as tall as Kimberly with a larger rack held in by a purple lace corset and matching g-string running between to smaller but just as firm looking butt checks. Kimberly without realizing mashes her legs together and shifts in her seat a bit. Andrew watches Amber and tips a couple on the first dance. Kimberly during the dance leaned in to the stage to the point she was sitting on the edge of the chair ready to topple over forward. The stage front seats were filling up fast for her so she must have been the headliner Andrew later thought. For the start of her second song she ripped her corset open from the front by what must have been Velcro for how easy it was. The Amber worked the stage and then got down in front of Kimberly and got borderline lewd with rubbing herself for longer than a normal Dancer would have. Without thinking Kimberly shoved several bills into the Amber's g-string a crossed the only place where there was more than a string to it giving Andrew and a few others a good show of Amber's shaven lips. The song ended almost as she did it. Amber gathered up her tips winked at Kimberly and left the stage into the back. Most of the stage front chairs emptied on that cue.

Seeming like mere seconds later Amber came out the same side door that another dancer did when she got to give a private dance. Kimberly's face fell to a pout for a moment till she saw that Amber was walking her way with red hot desire in her eyes. Andrew wondered what this could be about he hoped Amber wasn't mad for Kimberly's poor choice of tipping practices. When she got to Kimberly she asked rather bluntly "Want a dance for your man?"

"No you're not giving him a dance"

"Well How about for you?"

"I'm not sure..."

"Okay I don't normally go for this but 1 for the both of you together"

"I could go for that I suppose"

With the agreement Amber grabbed both Andrew and Kimberly and pulled them both through the same side door that they saw used before and into an empty private room. The couple sits down in two chairs next to each other. Amber closes the room's door and starts the music she then begins by dancing for Kimberly rubbing against her spilling her hair a crossed her and then giving Andrew the same treatment. Andrew felt himself go as hard as he had ever been harder than he had been all night watching his Wife Kimberly get all hot and horny without even realizing she was. The first song ended and Amber pulled off her top again. She did it more plainly but it seemed more erotic this time. She slid herself up Kimberly and ground her crotch against Kimberly's leg and grabbed Andrews erect penis and held it ever so slowly rubbing up and down on it while she rubbed this body part and that into various places on Kimberly. Whispering into Kimberly's ear about how hot and turned on everyone looked and how good Kimberly felt to dance on. Just as the song came to an end Kimberly said "I'll have another"

"Well then, how about I discount you and charge for 3 songs and give you 4 since you enjoy them so much" purred Amber as she hit play for another song. She immediately groped for Andrew again as she brushed a nipple along Kimberly's mouth which opened automatically for it. The song was shortly thereafter forgotten as Amber nuzzled Kimberly's neck and purred into her ear while Kimberly sucked on the offered nipple. Kimberly must have decided enough was enough and threw all restraint out the door as she latched onto Amber's mouth and kissed her deeply. Kissing seems to be the universal sign to grope because Kimberly began fondling Boobs and rubbing panties at the same moment. Amber's free hand wasn't idle either it had already worked its way up Kimberly's top and unhooked her bra. The kiss was released only so the two girls could more easily pull off Kimberly's clothes and Amber's panties.

Almost as if it was planned they both paused a moment and looked at Andrew who sat still in shock of what happened. Andrew took in the wondrous sight of two gorgeous women before him Amber with her very full double D's and small tight butt with shaven tight pussy lips covered by an even all over medium tan topped with a lust filled face of sea green eyes and long flowing reddish-brown hair. Together with his wife Kimberly with her D's and well proportioned firm butt, blonde triangle capped lips with conservative tan lines topped by an equally lusty face with Sapphire blue eyes and long blond tresses. The pause allowed him to take in that alone and back to work on each other they went kissing here licking there massaging somewhere else. Till finally Kimberly pulled Amber down and started to lick at her clit, using her moist tongue to slip between Amber's lips and gently touch her inner sanctum. The moan from Amber convinced Kimberly to drop her private party to Amber's waiting tongue. The muffled pants and moans were intoxicating to Andrew who got up and stripped down to join the fun. He began caressing and licking the four large breasts lying before him. He watches his wife's face as she greedily wriggles her tongue around Amber's pussy sucking on her clit the tiniest bit then licking the entrance to her vagina and back again eliciting moans of pleasure as her breathing goes ragged from getting the same. Amber is moaning gasping to catch her breath as she dives her tongue into Kimberly's passage trying to suck the juices out. Andrew leans in over Ambers Face and licks at Kimberly's pussy with Amber, almost immediately Kimberly spasms and her nectar flows out of her onto Amber's face which Andrew starts to clean off of her. No sooner than Amber tries to lick it up off of Kimberly and start again than she shudders and feeds Kimberly with some of her juices too. As she collected herself, Kimberly got her pussy sucked and licked by both Amber and Andrew at the same time the combined effect was electric and sent her squirming again, and starting to feel wanton and a growing desire to fill herself with her husband. 

With their immediate urges sated they push Andrew into a chair and both hang their breasts over the armrests as they try to take turns swallowing his well endowed shaft. After only a few minutes Amber goes around to the front of the chair and starts sucking on his balls while Kimberly expertly lubes his manhood. Amber barely gets both balls licked and sucked all over than Andrew stops them and lays them both down. He uses his hands to rub and finger off both of them by rubbing on there clits then wiggling around inside their tunnels of love and going back again it seems to take them each mere moments to cry out in pleasure as another orgasm grips their bodies which he eagerly drinks up.

Feeling the time was right Andrew grabs Amber's legs and sets them on his shoulders he then very slowly slides himself into her. "Ohhh Fuck Yeah, your so big, oh hmmm gohhhd, your good." Is all Amber can incoherently mutter out as Andrew begins to pump himself into and out of her pussy. Within moments all she lets go are whimpers of pleasure. Kimberly sits staring at the scene before her and almost gushes on her own so she sits on Amber again, who eagerly begins to suck and lick diving her tongue into Kimberly with a passion as Andrew massages and kneads both girls breasts gently as he kisses his wife. Andrew begins to drive himself harder into Amber the pumping is so strong Kimberly feels like she is getting fucked herself by Amber's tongue in mere moments of pumping both girls spasm and moan through another. Seeing them at it Andrew makes them switch so he can fill his wife with himself he takes her legs and does the same with them as he had Amber. Amber seeing this sits down on Kimberly's face. Amber shudders out a tiny orgasm just watching Andrew slip into Kimberly. Andrew begins pumping greedily and deeply into Kimberly loving the familiar sensation of his wife's insides. The action takes a fast turn as Andrew starts pumping hard and fast into his wife Amber can feel the hard pumps from Kimberly's tongue and moans in orgasm yet again. Suddenly Andrew is stopped by Kimberly "No! Don't; see if our new friend wants it instead. I feel like I ought to share it tonight."

"Oh Yes, Yes! I love the feel of a guy pumping it out into me. Please cum inside me; I think it's a waist to leave it anywhere else." Amber spits out before Andrew can react to his wife.

"Are you sure it's ok still, dear?" Andrew hesitates.

"I'll stand by my offer, go ahead." Kimberly replies sounding more annoyed that he asked than that Amber really did want it, but to blissfully well taken care of to really mind where she wanted it.

Reluctantly Andrew pulls out of his wife as Amber as she lays her butt over the chairs' armrest and spreads her legs for him. Quickly he sheathes himself in her for the second time tonight; it seems to take only a few quick deep hard strokes each one emitting a sensual pleasured moan from Amber. Andrew holds himself deep into her and lets his own orgasm go. Amber gasps out another one or two more oh my gods to go with the umpteenth pressing of her pleasure button for the night. Kimberly starts digging her tongue into Amber to get her Husbands cream as soon as he withdraws. Amber being too tired at the moment just spreads her legs farther to let her in better. The sight of Kimberly's ass in the air was enough to give Andrew another hard on; he immediately encased it in Kimberly, the two rocking in time to each other making slight slapping sounds as they go Andrew pumping into Kimberly as she sucked on Amber's passage. Amber turned around and started sucking on Andrew's balls again as Kimberly gave up getting any more of her husband out of Amber. The ball licking did it again, just as Amber got into her licking and sucking them Andrew exploded into Kimberly for his second orgasm of the night. It wasn't nearly the payload Amber got but enough to push Kimberly over the edge yet again tonight. The exhausted couple didn't disengage in fact they both dropped right on top of Amber who quickly scooted out from under them. After a minute or two of stillness everyone recalled where they were and quickly got dressed. Reaching into his pocket Andrew pulled out several bills and handed it to Amber who looked at it strangely. "What's this" she asked

"For the dances you didn't finish and your tip for not finishing those dances" he answered

"I could hardly take more than what is for the dances."

"No please take it we feel bad now that we think about it for this you could get fired."

"This is just a fun side job if I get canned I'll just find another club or not do it at all, but I'll do this I'll take it but only as payment for your private dances next time you're here."

Looking only slightly disheveled the trio wanders back out to the main bar where the couple finish their drinks and Amber disappears back stage. Disappointed that she left so soon the couple is just about out the door when Amber in a different outfit scampers out to them and hands them several free passes to get in "Leaving so soon? I have one more number for the night left then maybe we can get a drink or something somewhere private."

Kimberly quickly agrees to it and leads Andrew back towards the stage and the couple sits down in the chairs they started the night in and waited with eagerness to see what else is to come...