 Against the better advice of their friends, Kevin and Rachel had entered into a workplace romance that became a flourishing relationship. The romance then turned into an even more successful working relationship—their marriage coincided with their first of what would be several successful docu-reality series. Their work was a rare success: commercially popular, but critically celebrated and strangely high-brow. To their friends, family, and the world, Kevin and Rachel had it all.

And they looked the part too. Kevin with a slight musculature and defined jaw, close cut salt-and-pepper hair and a soft tan. He was California cool with an east coast pedigree; a businessman's acumen with a surfer's body. Rachel had a naughty librarian vibe: heavy black frames adorned her face, but everything else about her said boardroom dom. She was tall and wore heels, dressed in sleek wrap dresses that showed off her long, thin neck like Nefertiti and peach-like breasts, and a gorgeous slim frame, defined by long legs. She was stunning in everyway: women wanted to be with her, men wanted to be with her. But she had a certain quality that made her not at all intimidating. Just amazing.

Kevin, raised in Santa Monica, and Rachel, a product of New England boarding schools, had world views that suited their upbringing: he was proudly open, Rachel sought a real order to things. So when he introduced the idea of a threesome or even an open relationship, she promptly shot it down. Despite co-habitating and working together, Kevin and Rachel were so busy running their production company, they seldom saw one another. The long days and tired nights made the lack of sex fine to a certain point. That was until Kevin, bored with his success and self-satisfied with his good looks, took it upon himself to begin an affair with a younger associate producer, Lydia Carmichael. This carried on quietly for a good year before Rachel caught on to the affair.

They tried to keep it quiet as best they could; run the business and discretely file for divorce, figuring out a way to keep what they had built without destroying it, or getting rid of all their successful television series and the jobs that provided. It was important to Rachel especially to enjoy some semblance of sanity, to prove that despite the unrestrained ego and libido of her husband, she could still have it all in Hollywood. And that's why she made a deal: he would keep his stake in the company, but cease all day-to-day activities. They would tell their closest friends and employees when it was all said and done. They just had to make it through one last production shoot first.

Rachel had zero interest in the project: it was something Kevin's mistress had brought to them, a haunted house documentary. She could get on board with the actual history of the house, but it seemed to be a shallow plea for the assistant producer to build her CV, not to actually add something to the world. But because she wasn't willing to soil the name of her brand, Rachel had agreed to go on the shoot to keep it up to task: this meant one night with her ex, his mistress, and a single camera operator. In a haunted house, on Halloween. A night of true horror that no supernatural encounter could top.

Fortunately for Rachel, the camera operator was an old friend and someone who had taken her side in all of these events. She would at least have Alex to rely on in this horror.

 +++ +++ +++