 She couldn't believe she was here. As Jan's car sped down the highway, she was lost in the world of her own thoughts. Why did she agree to meet a total stranger? How did she let Sandy talk her into this? Did she really intend to have sex with this man she never met? But a quick look at her clothes revealed the intentions she had in her heart. The leather bodice that pushed her D-cup breasts together for maximum cleavage, just short enough to expose her navel, the high heels, the fishnet stockings that ended just below her skirt - which wasn't even long enough to fully cover her ass cheeks. Jim had called it her "slut outfit," and it served one obvious purpose: to announce to the world that Jan was on the prowl.

Jan's heart caught in her throat at the thought of Jim; her mind immediately raced back to that fateful Halloween night and the chain of events that brought her here, one year later, heading for a sexual encounter she had never dreamed possible.

She had worn the same outfit she was meeting tonight. Jim was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, but something in the air made him seem extra sexy in it. They had gone to meet Sandy and Mark at their house. They had met at a meet and greet the week before. Jan and Jim had just started into swinging, but so far it seemed like a string of disappointments. They had been in a couple threesomes, and a house party that could only be described as a disaster. Everything had involved true one night stands. Wham, bam, thank you ma'am. And the men had been groping perverts who could barely keep it up. To Jan, it seemed like this swinging was more like work then fun, and was preparing herself to tell Jim she wanted to quit -- until they met Mark and Sandy. Somehow, they had clicked. All night, they talked, laughed, flirted, shared stories, and just had a genuinely good time. There was a sexual charge in the air the whole time, but there was no sudden urge to fuck. It was more of a shared electricity that grew as the night progressed. By the time Mark asked them about sharing Halloween together, the answer was obvious to everyone, and, even though the words were never spoken, everyone knew where it was going to lead.

Jan felt the warmth between her legs grow as her mind replayed images from that Halloween evening. The feel of Sandy's tongue inside her, the taste of Sandy's pussy and Mark's cock, the multitude of combinations -- her with Sandy, Jim between Sandy and Jan, Jan between Mark and Jim -- culminated with Mark's hard cock, slightly shorter but thicker than Jim's driving into her until her whole body exploded, followed by the warm feeling of his hot cum spraying onto her belly. Oh, yes, it was an incredible evening, and even now, the smell of her pussy juices flowing onto the seat reminded her of the scents and feelings she felt then.

Then, the movie in her mind shifted, and Jan had a hard time staying on the road as the next few hours coursed through her brain. Mark and Jim had decided to go out and pick up some dinner, while Jan and Sandy sat and talked -- basic girl talk, peppered with occasional references to each other's bodies or their husband's sexual abilities, and interrupted by the occasional trick-or-treater. After a couple hours, they had started to wonder what was taking the guys so long when the phone rang, and changed her life forever.

Jan could hardly remember the next few hours, and she fought the tears as rapid-fire images flashed behind her eyes. The frenzied drive to the hospital, the policeman explaining how the drunk driver had T-boned their car, the doctor with the simple but tragic words -- "I'm very sorry." What had started as the greatest sexual experience horrifically transformed to the worst night of her entire life. Everything was a blur after that: funeral arrangements, two funerals, filing for life insurance -- everything blended together. The only solid memory from that time was the deep bond of friendship that had built between Jan and Sandy as they helped each other through the grief.

Shit! Jan's mind was jarred back to the present by the rapidly approaching exit. She pulled hard to the right, barely making it onto the ramp. The driver behind her informed her of his displeasure with a loud, long honk.

After making a right turn at the bottom of the ramp, her thoughts again started to drift back, this time to the night, two weeks ago, when the subject of Halloween came up over coffee. For months, neither of them had had any desire for sex, and then when the urges came, they were more at ease pleasing each other rather than sharing anything with another man. They hadn't turned lesbian, but it was easier to just use each other for sexual release than face the memories that would be stirred by the thought of sex with a man. Eventually, they both came to realize that a woman's touch and strap-on dildos could only go so far. They were both starting to feel the desire for real sex, and had started mentioning "the urge" as if it was another person in the room. But it was Sandy who finally made the first move. There, in the middle of their favorite coffee shop, she started discussing two men she had met, and made her proposal. They were interested in a foursome, knew about Jan, and wanted her to be the fourth, but there were some rules that had to be followed. Jan would be blindfolded, and wouldn't see either man.

Jan giggled involuntarily. Sandy was always kind of strange. Dark without being gothic, and sometimes when they were lost in their own world, she could be very kinky. There was something about her Jan had always wondered about -- otherworldly at times, as if she was looking beyond the world to other dimensions. Somehow, though, it never scared Jan. Instead, it simply made her more erotic.

So now, here she was, dressed in a way she hadn't dressed in exactly one year, ready to fuck two men she'd never met. Her stomach was fluttering. Why was she doing this? But, she trusted Sandy deeply. The look in her eyes that morning had reassured her. They both knew it had to be done sometime, and, though nervous, Jan was glad Sandy had made the first move.

Jan's car practically drove itself to Sandy's house. As she walked from the driveway to the porch, her mind was again flooded with the images of that first night. She paused on the walkway, caught her breath and forced herself to go the rest of the way onto the porch and tap on the door.

"It's open!" Sandy's voice called from inside. The warmth between Jan's legs returned; Sandy's voice was so sultry, and she started to get excited to see what was waiting inside. She pushed open the door and walked inside. The hallway was dark, and there was a soft glow coming from upstairs. "I'm up here."

Jan walked up the stairs, and saw Sandy's nude form silhouetted in the bedroom doorway. She was nude, her soft body looking gorgeous in the candlelit glow coming from behind her. Jan stopped and admired her body. She had always loved to look at her. Her shapely legs, her neatly shaved pussy, her perky breasts, so much smaller but somehow looking completely perfect on her small, curved frame. One look at Sandy's breasts and Jan knew she was ready for tonight. There was no way to hide her arousal as her nipples poked straight out.

"I was starting to worry you wouldn't come," Sandy said in a soft whisper.

Jan sighed, "It's been too long coming. I can't turn back now."

A sexy smile played across Sandy's lips. "Well, come on in, then." She turned and walked into the bedroom, with an inviting look over her shoulders.

Jan followed her into the bedroom. It was definitely set up for a night of passion. Candles surrounded the bed on all sides, and the bright red sheets were made of the finest silk. Only one thing was missing: the men.

"They'll be here in a few minutes," Sandy said, reading Jan's mind, "but first there's some things we have to do with you." Sandy turned and began to undress her. Jan tried to put her hand in the way, but Sandy gently pushed it aside. "They want to see you as you are, with nothing in the way."

"Are you sure this is safe?"

"I know these guys, and I'd trust them with my life," Sandy said, "Trust me."

"Trust me." The words echoed in her mind. Could she trust Sandy? After all, she'd only known her for a year. What did she really know about her? And there was that dark side that always seemed to be below the surface, something that never came out, but was always lurking behind her dark eyes. But even as the thought was running through her mind, she knew the answer. They had been through so much together and knew each other intimately. If she couldn't trust Sandy, she couldn't trust anyone else in the world.

Her body relaxed as Jan eased her out of her bodice, skirt, shoes and stockings. She hadn't worn panties, and the juices started to ooze onto her thighs as Sandy touched her skin.

"I was dressing sexy for them," Jan giggled, "Guess it was a waste!" She was trying to inject some lightness into the mood, but Sandy merely smiled mysteriously and kept moving.

"Lie down on the bed," she instructed. Jan obeyed, laying flat on her back and wondering what would happen next. Sandy retrieved a black blindfold that was draped over the headboard, and eased it over Jan's head and eyes. From the darkness, her voice came through again, "Try to relax."

Jan felt Sandy's soft lips press against hers. She returned the kiss, probing slightly into her mouth with her tongue. Sandy gave a soft flick with her own tongue, and then broke away. Things were silent for a few minutes, and Jan must have dozed off for second. When she came to, she realized the guys must have just arrived, as she heard murmuring voices in the room.

Just then she felt a presence above her, and a hand began to caress her body. The touch was so light, it barely felt real, but it was real enough to send tingles through her entire body. Gradually, the touches became more firm as another hand joined the first, touching her sides and working up to her neck, then working their way down and caressing her breasts. As one hand moved down to cup her still wet pussy, a mouth covered her left nipple and a tongue lightly played around the nipple, making it stand up firm. The mouth worked its way onto her other breast, and a finger began to probe between her pussy lips, working its way into the depths. It was no more than Sandy had given her over the months, but it was so nice to feel a man's breath on her skin. 

After a few moments, the lips left her breasts and the hand left her pussy. She was left again in the darkness. There was a strange feeling of aloneness with the blindfold on, even though she could hear the sounds of Sandy's heavy breathing next to her. Jan lost herself in the sensations. Her nude skin tingled in the air, and she felt warm all over. In the darkness behind the blindfold, it was almost as if she was floating.

Her thoughts were brought back to earth by the light touch of a tongue on her pussy. It played gently around the lips, then a pair of fingers on each side pulled them apart and the tongue plunged deeper into her pussy. My God, she thought, this man eats just like Jim did! For a moment, the sadness began to overwhelm her, but she forced herself to relax. She needed this, but it was so hard!

Suddenly, her mind was right back in the moment when a gentle nibble on her clit brought a wave of electricity throughout her body. She gasped in pleasure and was lost in a wave of orgasm that brought fresh fluid flowing out of her pussy. The tongue went back down and began lapping up the flow of juices coming out, touching her inside and keeping the wave of pleasure going.

After the orgasm passed a pair of hands firmly but gently pulled at her shoulders, bringing her to a sitting position. She knew what was next, and began to open her mouth as the tip of a cock touched her lips. Here was something Sandy couldn't give! She pulled the cock into her mouth and sucked deeply. The sounds of Sandy slurping revealed the same thing was going on next to her. Sandy's patented sound of slurp, "hmm," slurp, "hmmmmm" made it obvious that both men were receiving fantastic blow jobs. But Jan was different. She kept the cock in her mouth, licking the tip with her tongue, and then driving down the shaft until it was all in her throat. She held it there for a second, and then pulled back out; she stopped with the head between her lips and working back down. As she repeated the process, she felt the dick grow in her mouth. With each trip down the shaft, it went a little further down her throat, but she took the whole length in, closing her eyes behind the blindfold as she enjoyed the taste and feel of this nice cock inside her mouth and throat. While she sucked, his hands worked between her breasts and pussy, sending chills through her and forcing her to occasionally stop to let out a moan of pleasure.

After a few minutes, he pulled his cock out of her mouth, and gently eased her down onto her back again. She could feel the weight of Sandy's body lying next to her and realized just how in synch they were. She also realized just how much she missed Jim; even the strange man's cock had felt the same in her mouth. She realized that Sandy must have found someone similar to Jim, just for her. Her heart overflowed with gratitude for Sandy. She knew just how to make her happy and, with the blindfold on, she could imagine she was with him now.

Just then, another orgasm caused her to quiver then give a short scream as waves of pleasure again flowed through her. It was his cock, working into her pussy. He was on top of her, slowly, easing into her, then easing back out, then thrusting deep inside her. The thrusting continued, and then accelerated. She could feel his manhood push deep inside her with each thrust, his balls slapping against her ass as he reached her G-spot at the depth of each push. Wave after wave of pleasure overcame her and she started screaming for more. She was totally lost in the moment. "Yes, fuck me," she screamed, "Fuck me, Jim! Fuck me! FUCK ME!" This felt so good. Electricity flowed through every nerve in her body. Then, the thrusts pushed even deeper and slowed. She knew what was coming, and she was ready. "Oh God, Jim! Yes, yes! Cum inside me! Let me feel your hot cum in my pussy!" That was all it took. With a final thrust, he let loose a load of hot cum into the depths of her pussy, its warmth filling her and overcoming her with a final massive orgasm that left her quivering.

He slowly pulled out and lifted off of her, leaving her alone in her thoughts again. Her naked chest heaved as she tried to catch her breath. Moments later, she felt Sandy's unmistakable touch on her breast.

"How was that?" Sandy's voice broke the stillness that had suddenly descended on the room. Jan sat up and removed the blindfold, looking into Sandy's eyes. She had that post-sexual glow about her, but there was something else in her eyes. A deep satisfaction combined with a sadness that she couldn't understand. Then she saw the tear in her eye. She looked around at the room, and was puzzled by the candles that Sandy had apparently placed in front of the door after she was blindfolded. But, if the candles were there, how could the door be opened? Then she realized, she had never actually heard the door open, before or after the men had been in the room. Her eyes moved across the room and fell on the book on the dresser. It hadn't been there when she came in. It appeared to be some type of spell book, something you would see in a séance or Halloween party, not in here. Finally, it dawned on her. It wasn't murmured conversation she had heard. It was only Sandy's voice, and it was chanting.

Jan looked back at Sandy, confusion on her face. Sandy answered her unspoken question. "It could only happen tonight, on the anniversary of her death, and it had to be both of them with both of us. I've been studying magick for a while, and I found a way to bring them back for one night, but I knew you would doubt if you saw, so we had to have the blindfold. I'm sorry to deceive you, but I hope you'll accept my gift to you...to us."

Jan thought for a moment. Sandy had just given her the greatest gift ever, one more night with her husband. And somehow she knew, now she could let go. It was as if Jim was in the room, still basking in the beauty of her nude body, and letting her know it was OK -- she could move on and he would be happy.

A smile worked its way through her lips, then onto her whole face. "You don't have to be sorry. Thank you." She leaned across the bed and kissed Sandy deeply. The time with their men was done, but the night was just beginning.