 Jerry walked up to his wife and whispered in her ear. Her eyes darted around the room and her mouth widened into a grin, then a smile. As he continued to whisper, she eventually let out a small laugh and lightly slapped his chest. Her hand stayed there, feeling his chest through his shirt, and it became obvious to anyone watching she wasn’t trying to push him away. Her fingers moved along the line between his pecs and seemed to want to grab him closer to her.

He pulled back, however, and sat down on the barstool next to her. Jerry turned towards the bartender and ordered two more drinks, his wife continued to dart her eyes around the room. As he had sat down, her hand had followed him and now rested on his knee. Actually, it wasn’t resting at all. It twitched and moved along his knee, rubbing up his thigh and clawing at him occasionally.

After their drinks came, Lorrie sat back, holding her drink with one hand and the straw to her mouth, meeting it first with her tongue and slowly closing her lips around the tip before coming down, slowly, to the mid-point of the straw. She took a long, slow drink, then slowly withdrew the straw from her mouth, again making sure her tongue was the last thing in contact with the straw.

“Tonight?”

“Tonight,” answered Jerry, meeting his wife’s brief gaze into his eyes. Her eyes were again surveying the bar.

“My choice?”

“Your choice,” again watching her watch the crowd.

She set down her drink and this time her hands went to her own legs. They were slightly goose-bumped under the long thin skirt of her dress that clung tightly to her form. She had dressed up for her husband that night and was wearing his favorite dress. It was a long black dress that clung to her form beautifully. It had a long slit up one side that showed off her right leg as she walked, but was mostly sexy, not slutty, though it required she not wear any panties.

He had dressed up too, wearing her favorite dress shirt and tie, the one that she felt really showed off his build by framing his broad shoulders. 

The hotel bar they were in, which Jerry had picked for her to meet him in, was very high class, with carpeting and piano music, but not everyone in it was dressed to the nines that night. There were quite a few other people in the bar, and Lorrie noticed that almost all of them were single. Luckily, they were mostly also very attractive.

“Male or female?”

“Your choice, honey. Your birthday, your choice.”

She looked back at her husband and this time really stared into his eyes to make sure this wasn’t a joke. It wasn’t.

“I love you.” She grabbed the back of his head and planted a ferocious, open kiss on his mouth, grabbed his crotch not caring who saw, then let go. She drew her hand up his stomach and chest as she walked past him. He turned on his barstool after he hand had broken contact with his shoulder and watched her walk up to a blonde haired, surfer looking guy at a table 20 feet away.

Jerry took another drink from his glass and watched his wife talking to this other guy. She flipped her hair once or twice and laid her hand on his knee. He didn’t seem to mind her forwardness at all, though when Lorrie pointed back at Jerry the surfer seemed to tense up. Lorrie obviously noticed too, and moved her hand further up the surfer’s leg. When Jerry simply waved and smiled, the surfer visibly relaxed and again began to smile. After Lorrie said something else to the surfer, the smile became that sly smile of someone who has just been let in on a secret.

As Lorrie and the surfer stood, Jerry got a really good look at both. Though he had obviously seen his wife many times, watching her hold another man’s hand made it seem like he was looking at her again for the first time. Her long brown hair, and short, voluptuous body were striking against his blonde hair and tall, slender (though obviously muscular) body. 

She was 5’6” and had beautiful 38D breasts, 24” waist and 36” hips. Surfer boy had to be at least 6’2”, probably a 34” waist, and his arms definitely belied an intense workout regime. Jerry, who was significantly shorter than the surfer, and had brown hair, was not surprised by his wife’s choice.

“Jerry, this is Ron. He’s up for our games tonight.”

“Ron, nice to meet you. Would you like a drink so we can get to know you better first?”

“Sure.”

They sat and drank for a bit, though Lorrie was obviously impatient. Every drink she took seemed to be a conscious decision to show off her lucious lips and she often bounced between both men, leaning on them, brushing next to them, or simply placing her hands on their laps.

Eventually the tension had reached its breaking point.

They walked over to the elevators to the rooms, both men with their arms around Lorrie, her hands in their back pockets. Ron’s hand caressed Lorrie’s side, tracing up and down from in line with her chest to her hips.

“Not a stitch on under this dress boys,” she informed them, and both men took an audible breath in as she gave both a little squeeze on their asses.

As they all stepped into the elevator, they were pleased to see it empty. The doors closed and Lorrie again grabbed the back of her husband’s head. 

“I love you,” she whispered in a near snarl and attacked his mouth. As she held on to his head, her other hand cam out of Ron’s back pocket and drifted forward. His cock was already hard and she liked the feel of it in her hand. She pulled away from her husband and looked over to Ron. 

“You are about to have a great night,” she promised. She reached up to his shoulder and stretched out to him. He bend down slowly, wrapped one arm around her waist and kissed her deeply. Jerry placed his hand inside the slit of her dress and rubbed her naked thigh as his wife kissed this other man. He could feel his cock pushing against his pants. Just as he was pulling himself against his wife’s ass, the bell rang and the doors opened. The tree of them parted and Lorrie giggled. They walked rapidly towards the room Jerry had reserved.

They entered the room and Lorrie turned to Ron, pulled him by the shirt towards the bed and sat down, tugging Ron with her.

“You sit and watch for a while,” she said to Jerry who was loosening his tie. He was more than happy to oblige. 

“Don’t go too fast,” she said to Ron whose hand was already half way up her thigh and inside the slit. “Kiss me and touch me like you don’t know you are going to get me.”

Ron pulled his hand from under her dress and put it on her cheek. He urged her to lay back on the bed and she followed his lead. He remained propped up on one arm while his left hand caressed her cheek and neck. His hand then moved down to her shoulder then her forearm as he bent down and gave her a warm, deep kiss. 

Her right hand came up to his face as he kissed her, then moved back to his neck and through his hair. Ron’s left hand was now left on her ribs and rubbed up and down her side. 

As Ron’s hand found its way to Lorrie’s breast, Jerry shifted in his seat. His cock was very hard and Jerry began to play with it though his pants. He couldn’t believe he was watching another man fondle his wife, but it was really turning him on.

Ron’s kisses began to move away from Lorrie’s mouth and trailed down to her chin, along her jawbone to her neck, then down to where the neck and shoulder meet. His tongue played along this crease as his fingers flicked at her already hard nipples through her dress. Lorrie squirmed under his touch, rubbing her legs together and feeling her own dampness. 

Ron noticed her reactions and knew he could press forward a tad more quickly. His hand came up and slipped the straps of her dress down her arm and then he brushed her dress away from her right breast. He took in its beautiful form for a moment, caressed it, then came down on it as if to devour it.

Then he pulled back a bit, licked around the nipple, swirled out in ever larger circles until he was licking around the entire outline of her breast. At that point he slipped her dress off of her left breast, began licking the outline of that one and swirled in to her left nipple. When he got to her nipple he began to nibble at it. Lorrie arched her back from pleasure and moaned out audibly. Ron began to flick at her left nipple with his tongue as his left hand caressed her right nipple.

“Ok, enough of this nice stuff,” Lorrie suddenly blurted out. She grabbed at Ron’s neck, pulled his head towards hers, planted a very brief, open mouth kiss on him, and threw him to the bed. She tore open his shirt, popping buttons off, and caressed his chest. She was mounting him, with her breasts exposed and her dress riding up very far on her thighs. 

She reached down between her legs, found his belt and began to undo it. She smiled at him, looking in his eyes the whole time, and then began to lower herself as she opened his pants. She slid Ron to the edge of the bed, and as she did so, she slid his pants off altogether. Ron’s cock stood straight up, looking very large.

“Oh, this is nice” Lorrie said through a smile.

Jerry did not feel jealous. This man’s penis may have been longer, but Jerry’s was wider. He knew his wife would like both, and that’s what mattered. As she took Ron’s cock into her mouth, Jerry began undressing himself. His own penis was very hard as well, but he decided not to get involved just yet.

Lorrie attacked Ron’s cock with an amazing ferociousness. She took the whole of the shaft in immediately, then slowly pulled it out, plunged back down on it, and then again slowly came back off of it. Ron watched the whole time as she stared back at him, knowing he loved the show. Ron looked over and saw Jerry watching them, naked and playing with himself. Lorrie looked over as well, and began watching her husband as she went down on this other man. All three loved this moment.

“I don’t think I can just watch anymore,” said Jerry as he stood and walked over behind his wife. She was on her knees and between Ron’s legs, still working on his cock. Jerry lifted Lorrie’s dress so that the bottom of it was at her hips. He reached down to caress her lovely ass, then kissed the back of her neck.

Jerry then kissed a trail down her spinal cord to the top of the crack of her ass. When he got there, he lay down on the ground, his face up, and slid under her so that she was sitting on his face. As he sucked and licked at her pussy lips, Lorrie, for the first time, let Ron’s cock completely out of her mouth and threw her head back in pleasure. Jerry knew his wife’s pussy very well, and knew just how she liked to be licked, nibbled, sucked and nuzzled. He knew the exact amount of pressure to put on her clit, and when, and he was using every trick he knew on his wife.

The pleasure racing up Lorrie from her pussy was so great, she could no longer lower her head onto Ron’s cock, so she just grabbed it with her long, slender fingers and rubbed it rhythmically to Jerry’s tempo. 

Ron sat up as she did so, and began caressing her breasts, kneading at them, then just pinching at her nipples. Having one man caress her breasts while holding his cock while being expertly eaten out was just too much for Lorrie and she came right there.

“That may be the fastest you’ve ever finished,” said Jerry as Lorrie eased her way down his body.

“Oh, I’m not finished,” she replies as she ended up lying on top of him. She kissed her husband and slid him inside of her. He felt wonderful inside of her, an accustomed fit that never felt old. She rode him for a minute and Ron took his turn watching, letting himself come down a bit from the peak that Lorrie had nearly brought him to.

Why are you just watching?” Lorrie asked, then nodded towards her rear. “There’s some lube in the table near the bed,” Jerry informed him.

Ron stood up, walked over to the table and found the lube. Lorrie had stopped ridding Jerry, and both were watching as Ron applied the lube on himself. 

Ron came over to Lorrie and put a dab of lube on her anus. He then inserted his middle finger very slowly. Once it was in as deep as it could go, he spun it around just a bit, feeling her from inside and even rubbing against Jerry’s cock through the thin membrane separating them. Ron slowly removed his finger, then began rubbing the head of his cock against her opening.

“Stop teasing me!”

Ron finally began to press his way in, spreading her cheeks to make entry as easy as possible. As he filled Lorrie up, she again was throwing her head back, this time from the pleasurable pain that went with this rear entry. 

Jerry had only ever done this twice to her, both times with mixed results as the pain had mostly overridden the pleasure. This time, the pleasure was winning. She wasn’t sure if it was that Ron’s penis was thinner, but she thought that it might be more due to Jerry already being inside her pussy.

When Ron was fully in, he began to slowly pump her. As he did, she began to again ride Jerry’s cock. They quickly found a rhythm and were all beating at the same time. 

They continued on like this for some time, in and out of both her holes, both men feeling Lorrie’s tightness, enhanced by the extra friction felt through her flesh inside and caused by the other man’s penis. 

Ron eventually reached around and was able to caress her clit. This immediately pushed Lorrie over the edge and she came again. Her shudders sent both men over their own edges, and all came.