 Chapter 2: The Anticipation

It had been three weeks since that fateful night where Juliana and I masturbated together. Three weeks to the day, in fact, and tonight we were finally going to make our fantasies come true. Part of me could not believe how quickly things were moving, but the far bigger part of me could not imagine suffering through another day. I had spent the last three weeks struggling to accomplish anything at work, having to stroke my dick in the bathroom nearly every day at lunch just to function. I was so much hornier—even to the point of being needy—that Keira was even starting to get a little suspicious. It wasn't really about Juliana, either. It was about the fantasy. There is nothing that can drive a man's mind to obsession like a well construed fantasy once the prospect of it becoming reality materializes. I couldn't stop thinking about what it would look like, what she would smell like, what Keira's moans would sound like as Juliana pleasured her in ways I had probably not thought of before. Desire, frustration, even jealousy, I was experiencing them over and over in my head. I needed this to come true if no other reason than to become functional at life again!

I had kept in contact with Juliana sparsely before today, not wanting to risk Keira finding out. It wasn't that I was trying to hide something from Keira, I just wanted it to be a total surprise. I am sort of obsessed with perfect surprises to the point of waiting outside of movie theatres until the trailers are over. There was no way in hell I was going to let Keira see this coming. It was going to be a magical night that she would remember forever, and it was going to be uninhibited by any kind of expectation. Besides, if she knew what devilish plans I had in mind, there was no way she would have let me tie her up...

Today, however, I had left work at noon to meet with Juliana. I had had an awful long time to think about this night, and I had a very clear idea of how it was going to go. I needed to spend some time with Juliana so I could tell her what she was going to do and when. I needed time to teach her—no, to train her. She needed to understand that I was in charge; while she would experience her own unimaginable pleasure, she was The Gift for Keira. Her job was to serve Keira—and me, of course—sexually in whatever way I demanded. Luckily for her, she had no problem with this and was a quick study. I even made her rehearse certain things, because they had to be perfect. I had arrived at her house around one o'clock this afternoon, and by the time I was satisfied she knew what to do it was a little past 4. For three long hours I made her pose, I made her rehearse, I made her perform. I wanted to see exactly how every part of it would look, so naturally she spent much of this time naked or in the "outfit" I had got her. We were barely a half hour in when I finally had to accept, at her insistence of course, that I was going to have to let my cock out or it was going to get injured trying to rip a whole in my jeans, so I spent most of the time completely naked myself. My engorged member never once lost any rigidity, and after a few hours it swinging about it was almost starting to hurt. I was so horny, so incredibly turned on by this young woman who happily submitting herself to my will, eager to serve me. However, as hard and as painful as it was, I wasn't about to let myself get off. I wasn't going to waste a single drop of cum, and as horny as I was that basically meant not touching myself practically at all.

By the time we were done with this, her apartment was filled with the sweet aroma of her sex. Juliana was the wettest girl I had ever met, so much so that after three of hours of this she had a thin, glistening sheen of pussy all across her inner thighs. Her fingers were sticky and sweet smelling; four times I had caught her with her her hand between her thighs, unable to resist temptation and trying to get herself off. This was also why her left ass cheek was bright red and slightly swollen—there was a price to pay for disobedience, and she was not allowed to orgasm prematurely either. Besides, the little yelp she made when I had smacked her tight bum was a lovely bonus. I made sure to give it a gentle rub afterward, to let her know that while she was a bad girl, I had no wish to be cruel

I had to hurry with the next part, for there was much to do and I had to get home by six to beat Keira. Juliana was sufficiently trained, but she was far from ready to present to my wife. I made her get into the shower to clean herself up. Once she was in, I went to my bag and brought out the special scented body wash that I had purchased for this occasion. I also grabbed my razor with the brand new head and some shaving cream, even though Juliana was already completely hairless and smooth from the neck down as far as I could tell. Having everything I needed, I slipped back into the bathroom and stepped into the shower to join her. I had seen her amazing body from every angle imaginable, but it was even more amazing that I could have imagined wet. Beads of water were flowing down her long legs and dripping off the ends of her nipples. She smiled at me as I got in, grabbed the shower head and started spraying me with it, getting it right near my cock and playfully spraying my balls. I wanted so badly to grab her and throw her up against the shower wall, bury my throbbing dick deep inside her pussy and just release, filling the depth part of her with my hot cut over and over and over, kissing those gorgeous lips and letting myself melt into oblivion... I didn't though; somehow, some way, I didn't.

I told her to turn around, bend over, and put her hands on the bench in her shower. Pointing the shower head away from both of us, I squirted some of the body wash in my hands and rubbed them together, working up a nice lather. I put my right up to her pussy and slowly started moving it around in a circular motion, my ring and index finger doing most of the contact. After all this time—three long weeks of waiting, and three long hours of watching—I finally felt what her barely touched pussy felt like, and it was every bit as wonderful as I had imagined. So much wetness had come out of her that even after her initial rinsing when she got in I could still feel the slippery texture of her pussy juice as I worked my fingers around. I was barely touching her clit at all, but she was moaning in ecstasy anyway. I slipped my index finger inside of her, only going up to the first knuckle, cleaning the entrance to her pussy but being careful not to get it too far inside of her. She started bucking her hips when I did this, once again trying to get herself going before it was time. I pulled my fingers out before she could get anywhere, grabbed the shower head and put it right up against her, eliciting a dull moan that was more of a whimper than anything. Once it was good and rinsed off, I put it back on the rack and smacked her HARD across her already red and tender left cheek, making her cry out. I didn't need to explain this time, she knew she had been naughty. After rubbing it better, I didn't even try to resist this time, I just put my lips up to her wet ass cheek and gave it a long slow kiss.

My left hand was still soapy, so went right to work cleaning off her asshole. I used my index finger only this time to rub around her entrance in a slow motion. As tenderly and slowly as I had ever done anything, I began to press the end of my finger against the entrance of her hole. It was beyond tighter than anything I had ever touched before, but finally her asshole gave way and my finger slipped in up to the first knuckle. I worked it slowly in and out, a little deeper each time, until finally I had my entire index finger buried inside of it.

"Oh my god Chad, I have never had anything so big inside my ass before!" She told me in between moans. I didn't doubt her sincerity for a second with how tightly it was squeezing my finger; it really didn't want to let it go.

I probably fingered her ass longer I should have—definitely longer than it took to get it clean—but eventually I had to stop and pull it out. I grabbed the shower head and started to play around with it, seeing what different settings it had. I wasn't incredibly surprised when it started pulsating in a tight, targeted stream—Juliana may be incredibly underfucked for someone so beautiful, but she was a horny little girl who clearly knew how to get herself off. I told her to spread her legs even wider and grab her ass cheeks and pull them apart. Both of her wonderful holes were staring at me now, and I took my time rinsing her asshole out with the shower head. Her hole had been loosened just the slightest bit by my finger with her pulling her cheeks apart her asshole had the slightest bit of gape to it, just enough that the pulsating jets penetrated deep into it, making her deliciously clean and causing her to moan at the same time. Finally I decided it was done. She was ready, and there was just one more item of business to take care of before we left.

I set the shower head back in its holder pointing away from us and told her to stand up and look at me. I handed her the razor and the shaving cream and just smiled.

"You know what to do with these, don't you?" I said.

She gave me a genuinely confused look, and I realized she had no idea what I was planning. This made my smile grow even larger. "I don't understand Chad, I wax regularly. I am completely hairless from the neck down. I even get my ass done!"

"I know that lover, I have spent an awful lot of time to day staring at it. This isn't for you though. You aren't the only one who needs to be properly prepared for my sweet Keira." Before she could say anymore, I gently grabbed her around the waste and moved her around in shower, switching places with me. I turned around and bent over the bench, spreading my legs apart as far as I could in the shower space. I am 6'2", so it was easier for me to lean against the wall behind the bench than actually put my weight on it like Juliana had. Besides, I was going to need to use my hands a lot, so this position allowed me to put my weight on my shoulders and chest in order to do so. First though I had her put shaving cream on my cheeks. After she finished shaving my cheeks and rinsing them off, I leaned my shoulder up against the wall so I could reach around and spread my ass. The feeling of being vulnerable and exposed always made me excited; showing my asshole to this young woman so she could shave me was almost too much. I couldn't believe how good it felt as she slowly worked the shaving cream onto my skin, rubbing her fingers all around inside my crack, teasing me by getting right next to my hole but never actually touching it. I realized that after all the time we had now spent together naked and aroused, this was the first time she was actually touching me. She was slow and deliberate about shaving me, making sure to be gentle with my skin, thoroughly getting every last hair. I try to keep my crotch and balls short and clean, but it had been a long time since I had shaved my ass. When she was done, she used the same pulsating setting on the shower head to rinse it off, slowly getting every inch of my skin yet somehow magically avoiding spraying directly on my asshole. The teasing was killing me, I could almost feel my hole trying to move towards the stream.

When she was finally done, she put the shower head back on the rack and used it to rinse any last bits of shaving cream off her hands. "All done!"

"I will tell you when you are done, Juliana. I am now smooth and hairless, but I will not be ready for tonight until I am as clean and pleasant as you now are." Oh my god I couldn't believe what was coming next. It was going to take every bit of control I had to keep from cumming here. I had put my hands back on the wall to steady myself now that she was done shaving me, and I had my head turned around to see if she understood. She smiled—the biggest smile I had ever seen on her face yet—and I realized that she was as excited for the next part as I was. Without saying a word she picked up the special scented body wash and poured a nice big amount in her hands, rubbing them together to make a nice lather.

"Just as clean as you made me, huh?" She had the most devilish grin on her face now. "That is going to take some work!" She held up her left hand as if studying it, then individually extending just each finger. After having looked at all of them, she extended her middle finger again. "Yes, this will do nicely."

I turned back around to look at the wall. My neck was starting to hurt, and besides it was so much more exciting when I couldn't see what she was doing. She put both of her hands in between my ass cheeks and began to rub her soapy hands all over, still teasing my by avoiding my hole. Her right hand, firmly pressed against my skin but slippery with soap, began to slide forward towards my balls. Just as her hand came up over and completely enveloped my them, her left finger suddenly slipped across the opening of my ass. I moaned in ecstasy as a shiver went up my spine. Finally done torturing me with her teasing and games, she was now rubbing her finger slowly in circles around my rim, her right hand gently massaging my balls. Finally the moment I had been dying for, she stopped rubbing and pushed the tip of her finger into my opening, and with the slightest bit of pressure her soapy finger slipped inside of me. It felt so good that I couldn't wait any longer. I pushed my hips back hard and within seconds her entire finger was in my ass. She slowly, one knuckle at a time, pulled her finger all the way out, and then slowly pushed it all of the way back in. I was in heaven, I felt like a mini-orgasm was happening inside me every time her finger rubbed past my prostate. She was finger fucking me hard, only coming out an about an inch now and then ramming it back in as hard as she could, faster and faster.

Suddenly and without any warning her right hand—which had spent this entire time gently massaging my balls—wrapped itself completely around my dick and started stroking it in the same rythym as her finger. I didn't realize until her soft skin was on it how much I had been dying inside to have her touch my cock. She was surprisingly good at jacking me off, not something women usually know what the fuck they are doing with. She was moving up and down, rotating her hand with each motion, making sure to rub the head on every stroke. I didn't want her to stop, I wanted to come so bad right here and right now, but I knew that if I let this amazing load go now it would make the evening I had planned so much less magical. As I felt the beginning of an orgasm well up all the way from inside my stomach, I mustered every last ounce of will power I had and reached down and forcefully removed her hand from my shaft.

"If you thought I smacked your little ass hard for trying to get yourself off, you do not want to see the punishment you will receive if make me cum before I say." It was an empty threat I knew. I enjoyed spanking, and I loved having a girl submit to my command, but I am no sadist. Still, it was incredibly erotic to say such things, to re-assert my control over her. The best part of it was, I knew she loved it. Without saying a word she withdrew her right hand from between my legs and, much to my displeasure, pulled her finger out of my ass. It was probably for the better—I was going to come soon anyway even without any stimulation of my dick—but I seriously didn't ever want it to stop. She rinsed me off with the shower head, the pulsating stream every bit as wonderful feeling as I imagined it when I finally got to have it directly on my hole. I took the shower head from her and turned it back to the spray pattern, gave us each a once over to get all of the remaining soap off, and turned off the shower.

Before I let her get dressed, we went back into the living room. I had her lay down on the soft carpet on her back, and told her to 'pull her legs back as far as they could go.' To my delight, it turns out they could go pretty far, as before I knew it she had both of her feet behind her head. I got down on my hands and knees and put my face up near her.

"I need to inspect you," I said. I got my face right up to her pussy, which was already getting wet and shiny again. I put my nose less than an inch away from her gorgeous lips and just inhaled, filling my lungs as much as they could possibly take. The smell was intoxicating, a sweet strawberry aroma with just a trace of fresh pussy. I knew that by the time she got to my house and we really got going, it would be pussy with just a trace of strawberry, but that would be just fine. I moved my nose down above asshole and sniffed it as well, and it too smelled like nothing but fresh strawberries. Perfect. "You smell delicious, but how do you taste?"

She smiled at this and shrugged, as much as a person can shrug with their legs behind their head anyway. "I guess you will have to find out!" Putting my tongue on her was never part of the original plan, but I was long past the point of being able to say no. Making sure there was plenty of moisture on my tongue, I pushed up against her skin, between her cheeks but below her hole. Slowly, I moved it towards the front of her. When I got to her asshole, I could not help but push it the slightest bit inside before moving on. The special wash I had purchased was well worth the price, as even her asshole tasted like strawberries. Moving up and over her taint, I plunged my tongue as deep into her moist snatch as I could possibly get it. The taste of her was amazing, and I had to stop for a second to lap some of the juices into my mouth and swallow them. Mmmmmm, she was so delicious. Finally I found my way to her clit, and just for fun gave her a few swirls around her little engorged piece of flesh, to which I was rewarded with her satisfying moans.

Seeing that it was 5:20, I got up and started to move towards the chair where my clothes were so I could get out of there and get home in time. I didn't get far...

"Not so fast!" Juliana practically yelled this at me. "You aren't going anywhere until I give you the same proper inspection!" I wasn't even going to try and argue with her on this one! She had already stood up, so I quickly laid down where she had been. The carpet in her apartment was soft to the skin, and this spot was still warm from her laying on it. I certainly am not flexible enough to put my legs behind my head, but I grabbed the back of my ankles and pulled them as close to my head as possible, spreading them apart at the same time. I felt the slightest breeze on my now hairless ass, with my cheeks spread just enough in this position to feel my hole exposed. My dick, still as hard as ever, was pointing towards my face in this position.

She got down on her knees in front of me and rested her hands on my ass cheeks, pulling them farther apart. "I have never done this before—licked anyone's ass—so forgive me if it is sloppy." I nearly broke out laughing at this—when it came to getting a rim job, there was no such thing as 'too sloppy!' Her face quickly disappeared from view as she got into position. I felt the warm, moist flesh of her tongue touch my skin just below my rim, beginning as I had done by moving towards the hole instead of directly on it. She was so deliberate in everything she did, and even though it was probably only 15-20 seconds before she slid the tip of her tongue into my asshole, the anticipation as she approached it almost sent me over the edge.

It's hard to describe to someone that has never experienced it what it feels like to have your asshole licked. The tongue (of a woman, anyway) is so soft and wet, it is completely unlike anything else. The feeling as she circled the rim of my ass was incredible. Sloppy was the perfect word to describe it, much to my delight, and by the time she started applying a little pressure to my hole with her tongue and darting it inside, the entire area surrounding my asshole was soaking wet with her saliva. She was going well beyond a simple inspection here, trying as hard as she could to make a spear with her tongue and fuck me with it. When she finally continued her journey I almost cried out. I wanted to beg her to just forget the whole long drawn out thing and tongue fuck me until I came. It felt so amazing I just couldn't believe it had to come to an end.
