 Today is a special day. You just have to keep remembering that, you tell yourself. Today is a very special day. Today, you celebrate your anniversary to your wife. Your wife, the woman you grew up loving. Your child hood crush, your college sweetheart, your best friend and partner. The woman who knows you inside, and out. The woman who knows just how to make you smile after a day like today. That is what kept you going through all the self-centered clients, and over-bearing bosses you had to deal with today. 

It was supposed to be a relatively simple day. Close a few deals, get in touch with a few new clients, maybe go out for coffee with one of your colleagues to celebrate closing a deal you two had been working on for weeks... That is, of course, until one of your bosses decided to get the hair up his ass to pass on a pile of files to you that should have been finished up weeks ago, by the person who originated them, who of course happens to be this particular bosses son. That annoying little twit always does this. He only got the job because of who his daddy is, and somehow YOU always end up bearing the brunt of his laziness, having to finish his deals when he doesn't do it for whatever reason. 

But none of that could matter right now. It just COULDN'T matter tonight. You couldn't let it matter, because if it did then it could possibly ruin it... And you were not going to let that happen tonight. 

Just as you pull in the driveway, you get the text... 

"Happy Anniversary, darling. Follow the clues." 

With a smile, and a slight shrug, you climb out of the car, walking towards the door and thinking to yourself, what could possibly be waiting on the other side of that door...

You were a bit excited, as the last time you two had played the "clue" game was when you proposed to me. It was so much fun, and you made me laugh for hours with the silly clues you left for me. They led me all around town, to all of our favorite places, ending with you in the park on one knee. 

There was symmetry in this, you had to admit that. 

The first note is hanging on the handle... 

"Follow the scent..." 

Ah... clues... The scent nearly overpowers you as you open the door. All the lights are off, and there is a trail of candles leading towards the living room. Upon entering the room, you find it empty, except for a small gathering of candles around your next clue. You pick it up, looking at the picture behind the note that has been plastered on it. It's the picture of us together on our first date. 

We had gone to a concert together, you were wearing black jeans and a white t-shirt you had purchased at the show, and I was wearing a dark blue-jean skirt, with a halter top, and knee high boots. We had gone out for drinks before the concert, and I had ordered a Jack and Coke, but they had, instead, brought me a bud light. How they mixed that up was never figured out, but it had always been an inside joke with us. The note on the picture is a clear reminder of this... 

"The wrong drink..." 

Thinking quickly, you finally put down your coat and keys, leaving them on the couch as you head into the kitchen. You open the fridge, and smile at your success. The next clue is on a Budweiser bottle in the drawer. Picking up the beer, you crack it open, peeling off the note and reading it carefully while taking a sip... 

"Our first song..." 

Just as you read those words, soft music comes flowing from the room over. You had just left that room, so you ran in to see how it could possibly be playing merely seconds after you had seen no one in the room... Again the room is empty, but you still smile as the words remind you of that first dance at the very same concert... The very same song by which we had fallen in love... 

You sit for a few moments, just listening to the lyrics... 

"I feel wonderful, because I see

the love light in your eyes. 

And the wonder of it all

Is that you just don't realize how much I love you."

You look closer, and find the next note taped to the radio... It wasn't there when you first walked in. 

"The first arguements finale" 

This one takes hardly a second to figure out. When we had our first argument, we ended up having make-up sex on the stairs, right in the middle of the argument. We even continued the argument for about 5 seconds afterwards, before we went at it again. 

Shaking your head, and smiling at the memory, you take another sip of your beer, walking slowly towards the stairs. The next note is quickly plucked off the railing of the staircase. You smile as you read the words and start heading up the stairs. This night is turning out to be pretty exciting... 

When you reach the bedroom door, it is closed, and a note is plastered to the door. 

"I hope you enjoyed the memories as much as I have enjoyed making them with you. Please wear this when you walk into the room. Trust me. 

Knock when you are blind. 

xoxo"

Looking down at the door handle, your stomach flips, and you quickly down the rest of your beer, putting the bottle down on table next to the door, and reaching for the blindfold. Oh yea... This is gonna be exciting... 

As you slide the blindfold over your eyes, you clear your throat, and knock lightly on the door... 

As you stand there, blindfolded, you hear nothing on the other side of the door. You knock again. This time, you hear giggling. Then then door cracks open. You catch a hint of my perfume, and you smile when you hear my voice. 

"Hello darling. Happy Anniversary."

Happy anniversary, indeed, you think to yourself as my hand grabs yours, pulling you into the room. You feel my arms wrap around you, and I pull you down for a kiss. Instinctively, you reach for my ass, and wrap your hands around my soft, round cheeks, grasping and feeling my curves as my tongue dances with yours. 

I pull away, grabbing your hand and and taking you to the bed. I tell you to strip down, and you do so, quicker than normal. Suddenly, when you are naked, my hand presses against your chest, and I push you, hard, down onto the bed. 

You look around, as if you might actually be able to see what is going on, through your blindfold. You feel something soft wrap around one of your wrists... is that satin?? No, silk. Definitely silk. Something warm, and slightly terrifying, works through your body when you feel your wrist suddenly being pulled up, towards the headboard. Within minutes, I have your hands and feet tied to the posts of our bed, and you are breathing quickly, unsure of what the hell is going on... 

Moments pass by, and you hear nothing but giggling. And... whispers? Then, you hear my voice again. 

"My darling. I love you so very much. This is my present to you."

You hear the bed creak as someone climbs up onto the bed. You expect me to climb on top of you, and kiss you, like I normally do. But suddenly, you feel smooth skin on the sides of your face, and you smell pussy, just inches away from your face. 

With a groan, you move your head up, and thrust your tongue deep inside a wet, throbbing pussy. In that very instant, you hear a moan, and you realize... That's not my pussy. It feels different, tastes different, and even smells a little different. It's a bit tighter around your tongue, and quivers against your tongue in a way that mine has never done. The woman sitting on your face... is not your wife. 

Instead, I have climbed onto the bed, behind this complete stranger as she straddles your face, and my mouth is now wrapped around your beautiful, rock hard cock. 

You groan again, and continue eating her pussy, now relishing in the fact that you have no idea who she is, but she is your gift, from me. Your tongue works forcefully on her wet pussy, as my tongue moves up and down your shaft, flicking tenderly over every inch of your swollen skin. 

"Make her cum, darling. Make her cum for me." 

You close your mouth around her hot pussy just in time as she erupts above you, screaming out your name, the sound of it sending chills down your spine as it is the first voice you have heard scream your name since before we met. I can feel your cock throbbing in my mouth, urging me to suck harder... 

But I don't...

Instead, this stranger and I switch places, me straddling your face, and her mouth wrapped around your cock, pleasuring you the way you have pleasured her. Sucking and groaning on your cock in an unfamiliar, but thrilling way... And now you feel the sudden urge to thank me, via a viciously intense orgasm, for your gift. 

Your tongue touches my pussy. Teasing my pussy lips one by one. Flicking. Oh God, flicking over my clit. As your mouth flirts with my pussy, my hands find my nipples, and the combination of my teases, and your tongue's caress sends me flying over the edge. I feel your gift's hands sliding up my back, over my ribs, and up and under to cup my breasts as I reach down, and slide off your mask... 

Your eyes drift up my body as I straddle your chest, this strangers fingers working magically on my nipples. You meet my stare for a moment before gazing over my shoulder to see who this mystery goddess is, whose pussy is currently grinding directly on your cock, teasing you beyond belief... 

In this moment, you realize just how wonderful a gift I have given you... 

"She's all yours, darling."

You stare up, in disbelief, at Lia, my best friend. I knew you had been staring at her for months now. Ever since she came to our house last summer, and spent half the day with me sunbathing naked on our patio... 

Trying to comprehend what exactly is going on, your eyes begin to drift up both of our bodies. With a chuckle, I watch you drinking in every curve of her body. Over her smooth hips, and up her sides, your gaze crawls over her breasts, those beautiful, taught little nipples, and up her neck, to rest on the softest pair of lips you have ever laid eyes on, save my own. 

Her hands slide up my body, teasing my nipples as we smile down at you. I meet your gaze, and I can see the surprise and appreciation shining through your eyes. Her fingers move back down my body, getting inches away from my pussy as hers teases your cock. Rubbing up and down the shaft, spreading her juices all over it. Preparing you... 

Just as her fingers slide into my pussy, her pussy closes around your cock. Our moans echo together as she starts riding your cock, and her fingers begin to pound my pussy... 

I quickly decide I want more out of this, and she climbs off, laying down next to you on the bed. I untie your arms and legs, freeing you to sit up so you can watch.

"Just watch, baby."

Her hand finds your cock as you watch my lips move down her body. As I eat her out, you quickly move behind me, entering me with my ass up in the air. Her moans mix with mine as I lick and finger her pussy. Holy shit!Your wife is eating another woman's pussy as you fuck her. You try to imagine how this could ever happen, but your train of thought is quickly derailed as you feel me starting to clench up. 

You fuck me hard and fast, pounding me deeper and deeper until I explode around your cock. Lia and I switch positions, and she begins to eat my pussy as you fuck her the same way. I watch your face as you fuck my best friend, loving every face you make as you explore this new pussy with your rock hard cock. 

You let out a moan, signaling that you are going to cum very soon. Pulling away from you, she turns around, taking your cock in her mouth. I rub her ass, and finger her pussy lightly as she sucks you, taking all of your cock in her mouth, and playing with your balls. 

"That's it, baby. Cum for me, darling. Cum inside her mouth."

With one loud yell, you explode, shooting your load down her throat. I lean up and kiss you as she licks you clean. 

We all lay down naked together, curling up against one another. I lean over, and kiss you gently. 

"Happy Anniversary, darling."

Yes. Happy Anniversary, indeed...

"Wanna do it again?"