 Part 1: The Prelude

Let me start out this story by vehemently saying I believe in love. Sappy I know. I believe in love between a man and a woman (or a man and a man or a woman and a woman, for that matter). I love being married, sharing my life with one person, raising a family. I would not for a second trade the life I have and the committed relationship for the life of some swinging-bachelor-playboy and all of the loneliness that comes with it.

However, I am a freak. I spend all my time at work thinking about sex. I want to fuck everyone and everything that walks by, mostly women... and my wife of course. I daydream endlessly about ways I can take her and ways I can please her. I want to live out my fantasies with her. Every time we are in public together I practically beg her to take off her panties and give them to me--the thought of her sweet little pussy open to the air with just a few inches of her short skirt keeping the world from seeing it makes my dick so hard it threatens to break my zipper. I get lost sometimes thinking about how awesome it would be to share her with another man. I know it's so dirty—and I'm sure some men out there would recoil at such a thought—but sometimes I get myself off just thinking about another man's dick pounding her tight little pussy while she sticks her tongue down my throat, or watching her slowly suck on someone else's cock and then kissing me with the taste of his cum on her lips. Oh, god I long to cum inside her tight little asshole—a hole so tight she only lets me in it once every other month—while her pussy is getting pounded... Enough about that, however, because that is the story for another time.

Of course, like any hot blooded male, I would give a king's ransom to watch wife bury her face deep in another girls pussy while I make sweet love to her, or quietly sit on the sidelines (furiously masturbating of course!) while she danced her tongue in another women's sweet, soft mouth, rubbing their tits together and—well you get the idea. This is a fantasy that I love to indulge in the most, and even sometimes convince myself it might actually come true. The reason for this is of course simple: I know the idea turns her on as well. Ok, it's not like we talk that much about it, as our relationship is wonderful just the way it is and on some level we are terrified to mess with it. However, it is hardly a secret. In fact, sometimes in the rare moments of honesty a person has with herself and inexplicably chooses to share, she admits that part of her yearns for the touch of another woman. It is a scary thing for me, something I was initially threatened by. However, I have come to accept it is what it is. Our love for each other is strong, and there is no point running from what is. The fact is, with all of the times I sit around thinking about fucking another woman (sorry ladies, every married guy does), why should I get upset if she does too from time to time? However, fantasy is where it begins and fantasy is probably where it will end. Or so I thought...

It all started two weekends ago when my wife Keira went out of town, something she does from time to time for work. It isn't a big deal, as I have said we have a strong bond in our marriage that is built on trust and we don't worry about what each other is doing when we are apart. In fact, she knows exactly what I am going to do: watch porn, jack off, and probably order a pizza. My wife would probably prefer I did not watch porn while she was away, as she has the tiniest jealous streak in her. However. she knows that is what I do when she is away because I tell her what I do when she is away (honesty and all), and because she knows that while I am a sweet loving husband I am also a sex-crazed maniac who can hardly go a single day without getting off. 

A few times, in an effort to curb this, she let me talk her in to making some home videos. This of course was extremely hot, as I just love playing in front of a camera (or an audience, if I ever got the chance!), and the videos we made were great. However, most of the time when I am going to get myself off I do it to random internet porn. The fact is I like the variety, and I love threesomes-my favorite are double penetration cum scenes (hmmmm). However, we have three different videos made at separate times and this Friday happened to be one of the days I was taking advantage of them.

The videos were on my wife's computer, which is located in our office in the basement. I had only been home from work for about 15 minutes and I was already downstairs booting it up. My wife had left at around noon that day, and even though I made sure to fuck the living shit out of her the night before, I was already dying to get off again. It had been one of those slow Fridays where I lacked enough actual work to keep me busy, and spent the last half of the day daydreaming about pussy. At one point I had even contemplated going into the bathroom at work and getting off to some porn on my phone, just so I could concentrate. I decided against it in the end, however, mostly because I could not stop thinking about the most recent video my wife and I had made, and I much rather preferred actually getting off to this video than whatever stupid shit I could find on my phone. This was the only one of the three where she had let take her in the ass, something I only get to do every other month or so. So I waited, and I waited, and I waited, and by the time I finally got off work I had spent so much of the day with a raging hard-on that my underwear already had a coating of pre-cum along the inside of the crotch.

I was completely naked by the time I got the video loaded. All of our videos started out the same way, me holding the camera while my beautiful wife undressed herself. I especially liked these parts because unlike the later parts of it where we had to set the camera up on a stand, I could use it to explore her body. Keira was blonde, barely under five feet, and could not weigh more than 105 pounds soaking wet. She took her shirt off first, her perky tits still contained inside of a black lace bra. She didn't have the biggest breasts in the world, but god were they wonderful. I reached my right hand up to curl around her back and unclasp her bra (on the video of course), but she quickly slapped it away, not about to let me get off that easily. Next, she turned around to show her backside to the camera and started to unbutton her jeans. My wife has a perfect ass, just a little plump and round in all the right places. I know sometimes she gets some stupid idea into her head that it should be frail and skinny like fashion mag covers, but thankfully she never does anything about it. The camera zooms in, filling the entire screen with her beautiful cheeks, showing the thinnest black line of a thong between them. She takes her jeans all the way to the ground, leaning over so much that the thinly covered mound of her pussy becomes visible from this angle. Even on with the amateur lighting of this video and a best-buy camcorder, the soaking wetness of her panties covering her sweet pussy is apparent. She is loving it. My sweet little dirty slut of a wife has already soaked her underwear at the thought of the camera all over her body, and we hadn't even started yet. 

With my right hand I used the clear, sticky pre-cum that was already oozing out to coat the entire length of my shaft. My cock wasn't big by any stretch, six inches from base to tip and average width. Having watched a lot of porn growing up I used to feel self-conscious that I didn't have a nine inch cock, but the truth was my wife was tiny and I hit the back of her pussy from most of the angles we made love in, and she legitimately meant it when she told me she couldn't handle anything bigger. I always loved it when—if I had to get myself off—I got horny enough beforehand to lubricate solely with pre-cum as it gives the most pleasurable texture of any lubrication. Now, however, my sticky wet dick was just sitting still in my hand, as I had to stop stroking it as soon as her ass crack became visible or I would have blown my load long before I was ready to.

On the computer screen, Keira was now reclining back on our living room couch with her right leg draped over the couch arm, her left bending to the side to expose her moistness. Finally having mercy on me, she reached around behind her back and undid the clasp on her bra, a strapless model that instantly fell away to reveal her perfect round tits. My wife loved to have her tits played with ROUGH, and she was currently twisting her left nipple hard with her right hand while her left middle finger slowly and softly rubbed across the slick covering on her panties, not hard enough to provide her any kind of stimulation but serving only to drive her crazy. She was at the height of anticipation now, her head leaning back on the couch moaning, and I was right along with, simultaneously in the agony of unfulfilled desire and the ecstasy of anticipation and dammed off sexual energy. 

"Baby, don't make me suffer any longer, let me see that pussy!" Said the guy holding the camera, clearly unable to mask his impatience any longer. Keira looked at the camera and smiled, and then pursed her lower lip up in a little exaggerated 'poor-baby' look. Teasing aside, however, my wife was a sweet soul and she couldn't stand to make me hold out any longer, so she reached down with both hands and in one quick motion her panties were completely off and flung across the room at me. I didn't actually turn the camera to show it, but I could hear the sound of me inhaling deeply the aroma or her sex, and recounted (as I always did when I watched this movie) how good it had tasted when my baby got this horny and wet.

Even from a distance, with her panties off you could see how wet and slimy Keira's pussy lips were. At one point the camera zoomed in to get a close look, and a little bit of pussy-cum was visible sliding down from her slit and dripping across her asshole. This part especially drove me wild, and I could feel deep inside me the need to release that wasn't going to make it to the end of this little film of ours (it had almost 45 minutes left). I was already slowly starting to stroke my dick again, and the pre-cum that continued to seep out had it as slippery as my wife's pussy appeared on film. I kept bringing myself right up to the point of no return and then stopping; although it was taking less and less time to get there each go. Keira was on the screen now, with camera zoomed back out to show her entire body. She was past the point of teasing herself now, both her index and middle finger on her left hand plunged deep inside her dripping wet canal, sliding in and out repeatedly and periodically rubbing her clit. Every so often, she would pull her fingers out and put them in her mouth, smiling sheepishly at the camera as she tasted herself. She was moaning hard now, and getting rougher and rougher with her right hand as she squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. God I loved watching her get herself off, and for a moment pondered just saying 'fuck-it' and letting myself go right then and there. However, I decided to exercise the smallest modicum of self control and at least wait until there was actual sex on screen.

Finally, the camera was set down on the coffee table, aimed straight at her pussy and looking up towards her breasts. Her eyes lit up and followed to the right of the screen as I watched myself come around into view and stand up on the couch next to her. My wife wasn't the biggest fan of sucking cock, but she was so turned on at this point you could see the hunger in her eyes as my throbbing dick got closer to her head on the screen. Her left hand continued to abuse her pussy, her right coming up and wrapping around the base of my shaft and cupping my balls. I put my right hand on the back of the couch to steady myself as I crouched down, and with my left hand grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her face close to me. I had to resist the strong urge to forcefully push her head down on my dick and ram it down her throat. That kind of shit looked great on porn movies but it didn't fly in my bedroom. Instead, we compromised, and got to hold her head and slowly slide my dick in an out of her mouth. She was looking up into my eyes as she let me make love to her face on the screen. There was probably nothing in the world I loved quite so much as looking into her sweet blue eyes as she pleasured me with her mouth, and while I couldn't see them on the video, I didn't need to. I could see them in my mind as clearly as if she was right in front me, and I decided that was enough for me. This was as good as a time as any to let myself go and I couldn't fucking wait anymore anyway. I grabbed the towel I had sitting on the chair with my right hand and began to stroke my cock furiously, abandoning any attempt to hold back, feeling my climax build-

DING-DONG!

What the fuck was that...

DING-DONG!

Holy shit, someone had just rung my doorbell. Twice! My brain at this point was so drunk off hormones that I was completely unable to process what was happening for a second. It was 6:30pm on a Friday night, god help me if there was someone on my doorstep trying to sell me something. Hopefully, it was just a package being delivered and they would promptly go away. I paused the video and listened closely to see if I could hear any clues. The front door was up the stairs and around a few corners, and I was pretty sure I had not left any lights on upstairs, so hopefully whoever it was would just think I wasn't home and go-

DING-DONG!

Fuck. I was going to have to deal with this. My dick hurt so bad from not getting off I thought it might explode, and I briefly contemplated just finishing the job before I answered the door as it would not have taken more than 15 seconds at that point. However, fuck that, I wasn't going to be rushed getting off, I was going to enjoy this one, especially after it had been building up all day. 

I wiped all of the sticky pre-cum off my hands with the towel and clicked the little red 'x' on the corner of the video real quick to shut it down. I didn't really want to have to start the video over again or find my spot, but just in case I got sidetracked by this visitor I didn't exactly want to leave a video on screen that showed my wife, naked with her hand up her snatch, choking on my dick. Better to be safe than sorry here. I quickly put my underwear back on and started buttoning my shirt again. I was going to need to find some jeans though because there was no way my work slacks were going to hold-

DING-DONG!

Jesus Fuck already I get it. Luckily my bedroom door was near the top of the stairs and I was able to grab some jeans out of the drawer and throw them on before walking by the door. My dick, absolutely refusing to cooperate in anyway, was still completely erect. My only real option was to throw on a hoodie and tuck it under my waistband. It was going to have to do, I guess, although by this point I was more pissed off than anything and couldn't figure out how it hadn't even started to deflate. With my dick half tucked into my waistband and the edge of my hoodie hanging down to loosely cover it, I was good as I was going to get. I went to the front door and unlocked it, mentally preparing to give a pushy salesperson (or god forbid a missionary) a foot right up in his ass.

When I opened the door, however, standing on my doorstep was no salespersons or missionary, but rather Juliana, one of my wife's friends. I stood there motionless for a terribly long 15 seconds, an incredibly stupid look plastered across my face. Readying myself for a fight when I opened the door, I wasn't quite prepared to react to the gorgeous redhead standing impatiently on my porch.

"Hi." She said sheepishly as I continued to stare dumbfounded. She was much taller than my wife at about 5'7", but still short enough that I was looking down at her. "Sorry to keep ringing the doorbell, I wasn't sure if you were home or not but your car is out front so I didn't want to give up. Can I come in?"

"Oh...sure! Come on in, sorry it took me so long I didn't hear the doorbell at first. I was uh, reading a book in my room with headphones on." An awfully smooth answer that was, Jesus. I shut the door behind her, remembering now that my wife had told me she would be coming over to use our computer to print a few photos on our photo printer. I would probably have remembered that if I hadn't spent the whole day thinking about my dick. My dick, by the way, was completely refusing to calm down, and I was beginning to resign myself to the fact that it was going to be painfully hard the entire time Juliana was here using our computer. I couldn't recall ever being so close to cumming without doing it for so long, and I couldn't decide if it was horrible or wonderful yet.

"No problem! Anyway, Keira said I could use the computer to print some photos. Shouldn't take me more than fifteen to twenty minutes." We did not really know each other all that well; I had seen here a half dozen times but never spent any actual time around her without Keira there. It was clear she was uncomfortable and anxious to get out of the room.

"Oh yeah, no problem of course. You know where it is right?" She nodded and quickly turned away and walked off, clearly relieved. I really needed her to go away anyway as my dick was getting pinched badly in my waistline and I needed to let it breathe for a minute. I watched as she paused briefly while walking past our room and peeked her head in, where there was certainly not a book and pair of headphones sitting on the bed. Right before she passed out of my view, she gave me one last look, and I swear tilted her head down just the slightest bit when she did. Panicking briefly, I looked down, but my dick was still safely concealed behind my hoodie. There was a somewhat noticeable bulge, but nothing too obvious. 

Well, fuck it, I had made it this long I could make it another twenty minutes while she printed her photos. I sat down on the couch and flipped on the TV, unbuttoning my pants to let my penis get some air. The way our house was designed, I would be able to hear her coming up the stairs with plenty of time to put it away.

However, after an entire episode of HIMYM she had still not come up. While my cock had finally gone down to a semi-hard state and was no longer so engorged that it hurt, I was still dying inside to get off. I really, physically, could not survive much longer without letting go of the energy that had built up in my balls. Hopefully whatever problem she was having I could help her with and get her the fuck out of my house. Putting my dick away, I zipped up and went towards the stairs.

I was completely unprepared for the sound I heard as I walked down the stairs, however: "Oh god baby I love it when you fuck my ass!" That was Keira's voice. On the computer, getting fucked in the ass. By me. Somehow, she had accidently opened up the video! I must have minimized it instead of closing it in the frustration of my doorbell ringing. In the panic of that moment I did not stop to consider what it meant that this was a good twenty minutes later in the video than where I paused it at. How the hell was I supposed to explain this to her? Dear god, how the fuck was I supposed to explain this to Keira! Sorry babe, I kind of left the video of me ass-fucking you open and let your friend watch it. No big deal, right? 

I almost died right then—from tripping as I ran down the stairs. I had to shut it down before she could see any more. I got to the bottom of the stairs and turned towards the doorway of our office in time to see my cock on the screen completely come out of and slide back into Keira's ass, juxtaposed with the back of Juliana's red head. I didn't even want to look at her—ever again, really—so I just ran over to the computer screen and hit the blue button in the corner to turn it off. I still couldn't contemplate looking at her, but in the dull reflection off the screen I could see that she had her face tilted down. There was not much left to do but get this out of the way.
