 Note: This is chapter 2, so read chapter 1 first. This story crosses over a bit with my other series, Family Friendly, but you don't have to have read those to know what's going on.

*****

"Mmm, fuck me, yes, fuck me," the blonde moaned. I turned up the volume another notch, then went back to jerking my dick. I was lying on the bed, watching some porn and jerking off in the late afternoon. I should probably finish soon, I told myself. I still had to get up to campus before office hours were over.

"You think that's loud enough?" Phoebe had appeared in the doorway. "I think maybe your neighbors can't quite make it out."

"Hey, Pheebs," I said, not getting up or stopping. My jeans were around my ankles, which made it more annoying to get up than I figured it was worth.

"And you don't even close the door?" she asked, coming over to the bed. "You don't live alone, remember? You don't care if Brad walks in and finds you beating off?"

"Eh," I shrugged, "he'll be off at practice for a while, anyway."

"You're so weird, Will," she said, sitting on the bed. "You probably want him to walk in on you now. You haven't gone full gay on me yet, have you?" She curled up next to me and gave me a kiss. "The fuck type of porn are you watching, anyway?" She turned to the screen.

I ignored her first question but answered the second one facetiously, "Only the really fucked up stuff," of course. It had been almost a week since Brad, Nadia and I had gotten together, and I hadn't told Phoebe about it yet. I wasn't sure how she would take it, although she was at least grudgingly ok with my having hooked up with Nadia, so I imagined it would probably be fine. To be fair, though, not even Brad and I had talked about it since then. It wasn't awkward or anything, but I can't deny that I hadn't in fact left the door open on purpose.

On screen, a shapely blonde was on her knees, getting fucked from behind while sucking another dick. I continued to rub my cock idly as Phoebe turned to watch the screen. "Two guys at once, huh? Lucky girl," she said.

"Yeah, she seems to be enjoying it," I replied. The blonde was moaning over the sound of flesh slapping against flesh. "Not sure why more women don't try it."

"I'm not sure why you think they don't," Phoebe said devilishly, her hand slipping down to my dick. "I know I would."

"Well, then maybe we should work on finding a third," I offered. I let go of my dick as she began stroking me.

"Who says you'll be there?" she teased. "And if you're thinking about including that tranny bitch of yours, think again. I wouldn't want to share and I know you can't keep your mouth off her dick." It was always a little hard to tell with her where the joke ended and her real opinion began, but I found that more than a little intoxicating about her. In any case, she might be right, I thought.

"Too bad," I remarked, "She has a pretty nice dick, you know."

"Oh, I saw it," she replied. "I'm pretty sure she would tear me in half." She watched the screen, where the men had switched places. The blonde was gagging on her own juices. "Especially since I wouldn't waste the chance at two cocks like this dumb bitch." She pointed at the screen. "I'd want one of them in my butt."

Hmm, I thought, imagining what that must feel like. "You seem to have put some thought into this."

"Oh, of course," she said. "I'm pretty sure most girls do. Or maybe I'm just a pervert..."

"So are you saying you don't like sucking dick?" I teased her.

"Did I say that?" she said. As if to emphasize her point, she scooted down a bit and leaned over my dick, giving it a kiss on the head. I moaned a bit in response and moved my hips.

She looked up to me with a faux innocent look on her face. "Oh, sorry, am I interfering with your jerk off session? I can stop if you want."

I didn't say anything in response and just pushed her head back down. She wrapped her lips around my cock and took it into her mouth as I pushed her down on it. When she had a good deal of the shaft in her mouth, I let go of her and let my hand run down her back. Her tongue began running all over my shaft inside her mouth. "Mmmm," I moaned and ran my hand down to her ass. I reached under her skirt and gave her a squeeze. She wiggled her butt in response and started fondling my balls gently.

I pumped my hips up into her face and ran my fingers over her panties. She released my cock from her mouth. "Don't get me wet," she said. "I don't have time right now, and if you get me started I'm going to want to fuck your brains out."

"Aww," I said, disappointed.

"I just wanted to stop by and say hi but your cock just looked too good. So just give me some cum, ok? Maybe I can come by later and you can repay the favor."

"Alright," I said, and pushed her head back onto my dick. She dutifully sucked it, only gagging a little as I started fucking her face. I concentrated on coming and watched the screen. The blonde was now sitting on one cock, taking it up her ass as she fingered her clit. I found myself wondering where the other guy had gone, but soon enough he appeared again and fed her his cock, standing awkwardly on the couch beside her. Part of me was disappointed that he hadn't fed it to the guy fucking her. Was I bi now? I wondered. Whatever, I thought, turning my attention back to Phoebe.

Spit had dripped out of her mouth and down my shaft and balls. "Oh, yeah, suck that dick," I said. She responded but it was muffled by my cock. Almost there, I thought. I imagined licking her little snatch, eating her in a 69 position. In my imagination, another dick slid into her pussy in front of me. I imagined keeping my tongue on her clit, her going crazy as the thick, throbbing cock pounded her hole. She would come and then the dick would pull out and spray us both with thick, hot cum. "Oh, fuck," I said as I felt my orgasm coming. I pushed her head down hard, forcing myself all the way int her mouth and started coming. I fired one, two, three shots in rapid succession, my hips bucking. I felt more cum spurt from my cock in little bursts as Phoebe slurped it all up loudly.

Finally she raised her head and let my cock fall out of her mouth. "Mmm," she said, wiping her mouth.

"Thanks for that," I said, pushing my fantasies out of my head.

"You're welcome," she replied. She glanced over at my alarm clock. "Shit, I have to go," she said. "I have to go try and work shit out with Megan."

"Good luck with that," I said. I doubted that anything could be worked out and was surprised she was even still trying. "Actually I have to go up to campus, too, so could you wait a minute? I'll walk with you."

"Fine," she said, "but hurry up."

***

We split up on the way to campus so I didn't run into Megan. They were going to meet at a coffee shop. I doubted she would want to see me at that point and anyway I wasn't sure how I would even deal with it. Besides, I had a big calculus exam coming up and just enough time to catch my professor's office hours, I figured.

"Ah, Guillame," Dr. Martin said as I showed up at her door. She was an attractive young woman, especially for a math professor, and that alone made her class one of the more popular classes, despite what most would consider the boring subject matter. I know I myself found her lectures somehow fascinating, although by the end of each I realized I had spent more time looking at her than any of the figures she wrote on the board. She sat behind her large desk, which was covered in loose papers. Her dark brown hair was tied up and she wore a rather tight top which showed off her ample chest. Ah, yes, the source of my math problems.

"You are here for the exam tomorrow?" she asked. Her French accent was somehow mesmerizingly cute to me.

"Ah, yes," I replied. "I'm a bit confused about some things..." My mind drifted to sexual matters and I smiled to myself about that sentence. Ah, well, I told myself, focus.

"I see, I see," she said. "You have been doing the exercises?" She watched me intently with her big brown eyes as she leaned over her desk towards me and I felt I had to look away. Something about her, the way she spoke, maybe...?

"Uh, yeah, I mean," I said, my tongue suddenly feeling awkward in my mouth, "I get the derivative questions but, like, I don't know what's going on, you know? Like, when it's word problems I don't know what to do."

"Ah ah, I see," she said. "This is common." She sat back up. "You must think hard about these and ask yourself, 'What am I doing? What am I looking for and what do I know?'"

"So could you maybe do a problem with me or something?" I asked.

"Malheureusement, non," she said. "Actually, I must go soon, but the TA Matthew is in his office. He will help you." I loved the way she said it, like "Matt-you."

"Thanks," I said, "sorry for showing up to your office hours so late," I said. I made remembered what had kept me and smiled again to myself. In any case, I figured I might be able to concentrate more without a beautiful woman opposite me. I said goodbye and headed to the TA's office.

I found the door open only a crack and I knocked as I came in. "What's up?" Matthew said, turning his chair to face me. A slight smile was on his lips. His light brow hair was a bit mussed up and the t-shirt, flannel and jeans combination gave a less than professional appearance, but I knew from past experience he was a good TA, easy to talk to and good at explaining stuff in a way that made sense.

"So, calculus," I said, taking an empty chair near him. None of the other TA's who were usually around were here this late.

"Ah, yes, calculus," he said, "bane of the undergrad's existence. What about it troubles you, my son?"

"Oh, only everything," I replied. "I guess if I had to boil it down, I would say, what is a fucking derivative and why should I care about it?"

"Deep stuff, that," he said, swiveling back around in his chair to grab a whiteboard marker. As he took to his feet and approached the whiteboard full of things I could never hope to understand near his desk, I leaned back in my chair, ready for a knowledge bomb. Dr. Martin was nice and fuck if she wasn't hot, but probably 90% of the knowledge I had gotten from this class I got from Matt, who always seemed to have time to tell my dumb ass how to think about stuff. It probably helped that I wasn't watching how his butt wiggled as he wrote on the board, I mused to myself.

While thinking that, I finally did notice it, filling out his tight jeans nicely as he drew some curves on the board. Shit, I thought to myself, maybe I need to find uglier teachers. I had never really thought about guys like this before, but since the night with Nadia and Brad I seemed to just be thinking of everything that moved as a potential partner. This might be a problem, I thought.

Just as Matt started in on some explanation, we were interrupted by the squeak of his office door again. I turned my head to see a thin but cute Asian girl come in with a load of textbooks clasped to her chest. "Hey, Mei Lin," Matt said, "I have to impart some deep calculus knowledge on Will here, but if you hang out a bit we can get to that algebra stuff."

She pulled a chair up next to me and sat down. "Will, Mei Lin, Mei Lin, Will," Matt said and turned back to the board. "So let's say we have a linear function, like say..." he continued with his mini lecture.

I found it easy to follow what he was talking about but I kept being distracted by thoughts of the events of the last couple weeks. I suppose I can't be blamed for being a bit preoccupied with a bad break up, but mostly my thoughts were on Phoebe and Brad and Nadia and all of them at once and what the fuck was he just asking me?

"Yo, Will," he said as I snapped back to reality. "You seem zoned out, man. Am I that boring today?" He seemed more amused than annoyed.

"Uh, no," I said, "just what did you ask?"

Before he could say anything, Mei Lin piped in "He wants to know how to improve the approximation to the average rate of change." I noted a tone of annoyance in her voice. "So, like, how you could just use a smaller interval to approximate."

"Yeah, that's basically it," Matt said. "Although I was asking Will, sweetheart. So now how do we get an instantaneous rate of change?"

"Well..." I began, letting my mental tape recorder run over the lecture I had just been drifting away from "...we could let the interval get smaller and smaller until it's 0, right?"

A cute smile appeared on his lips. "Or in fancy calculus terms...?" he asked.

"Oh, take the limit!" I said, the reasoning finally making sense to me. I felt sort of like an idiot at the moment, that it took me so long to realize what was going on, but also sort of proud of myself.

"Alright, very nice," he replied. He gave me some problems to work on and then turned to Mei Lin. "Ok, so free objects, right?"

I was already lost, but it was sort of mesmerizing to listen to the two of them bantering about things I had never even heard of. As they spoke, he came around behind us and leaned over her to look at her notes. I couldn't help noticing how close his face was to hers and also how close it was to mine. I tried to focus on the problems, but it was way more fun to watch them for some reason. I let my thoughts drift he casually put a hand on her shoulder and pointed out some abstract nonsense.

In my mind, she was riding him, her small body bouncing up and down on his, impaling herself on his hard cock. I couldn't help trying to get an impression of his size through his tight jeans. I imagined his cock was long, drilling deep into her tight little cunt with every thrust. Mentally I watched her little round ass and I wanted nothing more than to shove my face into the middle of it, licking from his balls to her asshole and back again, over and over until he finally shot a load into her and I got to suck it all out.

"Well, I better get going," I snapped out of it. "Only so many hours to sleep before the exam." I was suddenly very aware of how awkward I sounded.

"Ok, man, good luck tomorrow," Matt said to me before turning back to the cute little Chinese girl who was fixated on his every word. My mind was jumping from thought to thought as I left and I only realized where I was when the smell of coffee brought me out of it. What the fuck had been awakened in me?

I found myself in the coffee shop, the same one where Megan had agreed to meet with Phoebe. I scanned the tables, hoping I hadn't wandered into a situation where hot beverages were likely to be thrown at my face. I wondered why I had wandered here. Maybe I wanted the confrontation, I mused. In seemingly no time, the line had disappeared and I found myself alone at the counter. A familiar face greeted me.

Carmen was that barista that you're too afraid to ask out because only assholes ask out baristas. She was a petite latina, dark brown hair, light brown skin, somehow as perpetually perky as the coffee she served up but not in some annoying, thank-you-come-again way. Caffeine was one of my least harmful addictions, so her smile had become familiar to me over the last year or so. "Hey, Will," she said cheerfully, "what do you need?"

"Hey, uh...Carmen is it?" I leaned in and squinted at her name tag, pretending as if I hadn't seen her a few times a week over the last semester. "Just a medium decaf, thanks."

"Ha ha," she said, "but what do you really want?"

"No," I said, "I'm serious, sweetheart. I have a test tomorrow and I like to trick my body into staying up a little bit longer but not all night, you know?"

"Decaf it is," she said, punching in the order. "I wouldn't want to keep you up all night, would I?" She winked exaggeratedly. "It'll be just a minute. I saw your girlfriend in here earlier..."

"Megan?" I asked. She nodded. "Oh, I think that's kind of over," I deliberately understated the facts. "Was she talking to Phoebe?"

"Oh, yeah," she replied. "And it didn't seem to be a friendly conversation." She fiddled with some things behind the counter as we waited for the other employees. "They weren't here very long. So, I guess the ladies of the world are rejoicing that you're back on the market, then?"

"Oh, I don't know about the world," I replied, "but maybe of the greater metropolitan area."

She laughed, shaking her head. "Oh, order's ready." She turned and grabbed the cup, then pulled the receipt and handed both to me. "I hope it keeps you up just the right amount."

"Thanks," I said, leaving cash on the counter as I walked away. I'd better give Phoebe a call at least, see if Carmen's interpretation was correct. As I brought the cup up to my lips to drink, I noticed some writing on the receipt. It was a phone number, followed by the name Carmen. I chucked to myself. When it rains, it pours, I thought.

I tried Phoebe's number as I walked back to my apartment, but there was no answer, so I ended up texting her "you ok?" Look, I'm not a texting poet, ok? She responded, "im fine but i cant come over tonight :("

Well, that was probably for the best, I concluded, but something in me was not content to finish studying and go to sleep early like a good boy. I tried calling Nadia.

"What's up, faggot?" she answered the phone on the third ring.

"So what are you up to tonight?" I asked, ignoring the casual slur which had practically become her pet name for me.

"It's a weekday," she replied, "and some of us actually have jobs, college boy. And shouldn't you be studying on a school night instead of wasting your mommy and daddy's tuition money on any little thing who shakes her ass at you?"

Ah, Nadia, I thought. "Not just any little thing," I said. "But for certain ones I might make an exception, even on a school night."

"As fun as that sounds, I actually do have to work tomorrow, so you'll have to wait a while. In the mean time, why don't you just go rub dicks with your little boyfriend roommate? Isn't that why you two live together, anyway?"

"Thanks for the suggestion," I said, suddenly feeling forlorn despite the seeming abundance of ladies. "See you on the weekend, maybe."

"Oh, I'd count on it," she said. "See you."

I pondered my own thought processes for the rest of the way home, casually sipping the coffee. It was too early to call up Carmen, but maybe tomorrow would be fine? Honestly bar hook ups were more my speed and I couldn't remember the last time I actually called a girl up as such.

I entered the apartment to the sound of loud fucking. Heading to my room, I passed Brad's open door. He lay fully naked on the bed, jerking off to some very loud porn.

"What's up?" I said to him.

"Not much, man," he replied, his eyes not moving from whatever he was watching.

"Nadia didn't want to come over tonight, right?" I said.

"How'd you know?" he asked, finally turning towards me.

"I called her, too," I said, entering the room. "Something about that girl, huh?"

"Yeah, man, I don't know," he said. "She's just like...man, I don't know, you know?"

"Yep," I said, sitting on the bed. I glanced at his tv. He was watching a black girl take multiple white cocks. "Nice. Where'd you find this one?" I asked, indicating the tv with a nod.

"Internet," he replied. "So, like..." he had turned back to the tv.

"So, yeah," I said, "we don't have to, like, talk about last week or anything. At least unless you had something to say."

"Oh, yeah, no," he said. "I mean, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?"

"Vegas sounds nice," I said. We both sat in silence for a minute, watching the screen. "So, you wouldn't mind if I sucked your cock, right?"

"Nah, dawg," he said, eyes not moving from the screen. He scooted over a bit to offer me his erect dick.

"Great," I said, and got on my belly, bringing my face right next to his dick. "I'm glad this didn't get weird."
