 NOTE: This is a fictional story of fictional people. Don't get confused. Do NOT try this at home. The devices in this story (the Sybaris and Verpus) are actual items, though the names were changed to keep the lawyers away. And, FYI, there is more porn than story here, fair warning.

H/T to O'Henry, though I'm sure he would sue if he knew.

*

Jenna fretted around their small apartment. The smell of turkey had finally dissipated into the stale air of the lower east side. Christmas was upon her, and still no gift for her precious Victor. Five years together and still just the thought of him made her giddy. Maybe just a short ride would suffice. Then, perhaps, she might think of a way to earn enough money to buy Victor what he desired.

Jenna and Victor possessed a number of items, some valuable, most not. But of everything they did possess, their sex toys were of paramount importance. Jenna's Sybaris and Victor's Verpus, both of which they brought into their shared apartment, delivered for them intense and deep orgasms. They found that these only enhanced their love-making together.

She dragged her Sybaris from its cluttered home in the closet, kicking away shoes and boxes. After she had stripped, she plugged him in, and went for a short ride. It was at the moment of orgasm when she decided -- Victor needed all the Verpus attachments! But how would she raise that much cash in such a short amount of time?

She looked at her firm 28-year-old body in the mirror, sweat glistening from her 'workout'. She would sell the Sybaris. It was just a toy, after all. She showered and dressed in a T-shirt and jeans, and proceeded to post an ad on FranksList.

She was surprised to get a response within two hours. She arranged to meet the buyer at the apartment after her real workout at the gym. She had security cameras for protection and, if they liked it, they would get to haul it out. It would be painless.

A workout, another shower and the clock on the fake mantle chimed three o'clock. Right on time, the door buzzer signaled to Jenna that her buyer had arrived. She buzzed them up without speaking. Her face showed the shock when she opened the door. There before her stood a tall, handsome, blond-headed man. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, I was expecting someone else. May I help you?" she asked over the chain, her only protection from this possible rapist.

"I've come about the Sybaris," he said, apologetically.

"You?"

"Well, yes. It's a gift. For my girlfriend."

"Oh my god, of course." She flushed a scarlet blush as she let loose the chain and allowed the handsome stranger to step in. "I'm Jenna," she said, extending her hand.

"Peter. Nice to meet you." He smiled a warm smile and Jenna's pulse skipped. She loved Victor but, truth be told, she loved sex even more. And, not to have you think badly of her, Victor felt the same way. 

She led him to her bedroom and showed him the device. 

"And this, umm, works?"

"Oh my, yes," she flushed again, "I used it just this morning."

He tilted his head and gave her a knowing grin. "Did you, now? No man around to help you?"

"Oh no, there's a man. My boyfriend is great. It's just that, umm, I have a high...need, you know?"

Peter smiled again and returned to inspecting the machine. "So, how does it work, exactly?"

"Well, this is the power cord and these are the controls." She showed him each in turn.

He took the power cord and plugged it in. Turning it on, he stepped back and marveled at the vibrations. "My goodness, Casey is gonna love this." Then he turned to face her. "Can I get a demonstration?"

Jenna was hoping for that very question and was already damp in anticipation of it. She was naked within a minute. Straddling the machine, she lowered herself down and moaned as the vibrations began to stimulate her. She looked up to see Peter rubbing his crotch. The sight of her naked, riding the Sybaris, was intoxicating.

"Why don't you bring that here," she cooed, "and I'll give you a real demonstration."

He wasted no time in stripping and walking over to her. She grabbed his cock and licked it as the Sybaris made her damp pussy even wetter. He straddled the machine in front of her and guided himself into her mouth. She loved the combination of her mouth pleasing a cock and the Sybaris pleasing her cunt. Her temperature rose quickly, as did Peter's.

"I want to fuck you," he muttered.

She pulled him from her mouth. "Lookie what I can do," she giggled as she lifted herself up, grabbed a thin dildo attachment, quickly snapped it in and then lower her ass onto the protruding phallus. She leaned back, exposing her soaking pussy to him. "Fuck me."

She had hardly said the words before his dick was at her opening. He slid it up and down, over her labia, collecting the slick fluid on his head. Then, in one motion, he pressed in. Her groan mixed with his and he began a steady rhythm of long strokes into her. He could feel the dildo in her ass. She could feel them both. She gripped his arms tightly. "You're gonna make me fucking cum," she moaned.

"Me, too, baby," he responded, quickening his pace. His cock entered her fully with each stroke. She tweaked the machine's vibrations up so he could feel them on his balls. "Oh, fuck...yes!" he moaned.

Their fucking edged upwards, faster, harder. Peter pulled out just in time to shoot a stream of cum all over Jenna's sweaty breasts. Her orgasm tore through her at that moment.

They did it again in the shower. Jenna loved the shower's warm water splashing over her as her pussy was pleased. Afterwards, they exchanged cash for the Sybaris and she waved it a sad goodbye. But she knew that pleasing Victor was way more important. She sat down and ordered the attachments, express delivery.

XXX

Victor O'Dell caught himself staring at the calendar on his desk again. Time was running short and he needed to get just the right gift for Jenna, but what? What could she use or need? He smiled at the memory of her nightly, "I need my Victor man," comment. That usually came after one of her 'rides'. The Sybaris, that wonderful Sybaris. That's it, he thought, a cabinet for the Sybaris.

Victor pulled up the Sybaris website and ordered Jenna's cabinet, express delivery. After clicking "done", he sat back in his office chair and wondered how he was going to pay off his credit card. His mind wandered to his secretary, Denise: great legs, great ass, great fuck. He rubbed his growing dick. Then it hit him, he'd sell his Verpus.

He quickly wrote-up an ad and posted it on FranksList. Within an hour he got a nibble. A few exchanged emails, and he was ready to make the sale. All he had to do was slip into the house while Jenna was at the gym, get the Verpus, meet the buyer, done deal. He grabbed his coat.

Two hours later, Denise buzzed his phone. "You have a visitor, Mr. O'Dell."

"Thank you, Denise. Send them in." Victor let his mind imagine Denise seductively licking the end of her chewed pencil. The soft rap on his door brought him back. "Come in," he called. Whoever he could have imagined might be buying his Verpus, it was not the woman who strode into his office.

Her olive complexion, dark hair and eyes, all pointed to a woman of Italian descent. But when she spoke, her accent was like a soft southern breeze. A tight and short red skirt capped her perfect legs. A loose white blouse, unbuttoned just enough, told him that she was perfectly endowed. Just like Jenna, not too much, not too little. Victor's thoughts of Denise vanished as he stood and extended his hand. "Victor O'Dell."

"Casey Thomas," she said with a broad smile, her white teeth perfectly framed by full red lips. "I'm here for the Verpus?"

"Yes, yes, of course." Victor passed by her and shut the door. "We should be discreet." He walked back to his desk, motioning for Casey to sit across from him. He sat down and pulled open his bottom drawer, taking out the device and its matching bag. He placed it on the desk in front of her. She stared at it.

"Does it work?"

He laughed, "Oh, yeah...she works."

"It is a lot of money," she bit her lower lip, a tic that made Victor's cock jerk. "Can you show me?"

He started pulling the parts out. "Sure thing." He took all of five minutes to get it all hooked up. He turned it on and the unit began its sucking motions. "See?"

Her head tilted and her beautiful lips formed a mischievous grin. "I meant...can YOU show me?"

"You mean...?"

She nodded.

He pressed his desk phone. "Denise, hold my appointments and calls, please."

An exasperated voice responded, "Yes, Mr. O'Dell."

Victor stood and moved to the edge of his desk. His eyes not leaving Casey's. In fact, his eyes were drawn to hers, as if he were falling into her deep dark pools. He unbuckled his belt, then his trousers. With a fluid motion, he pushed his trousers and shorts down to his knees. Casey gasped lightly at the sight of him, semi-erect and growing. 

Victor took the lube and handed it to her. She took the hint and placed some on her hand then rubbed his cock. He loved the way she licked her lips. After a few moments, he placed the sheath over him and started the Verpus on low.

Casey's eyes widened. "How does it feel?" she asked, leaning-in in amazement.

"Nearly as good as real." He watched her watch him. Her hand drifting under her skirt. "But, I bet, not even close to you."

She shifted her ass in the chair, pulling her skirt up around her thin waist and showing her shaved, wet pussy clearly. Now it was Victor who licked his lips. With the Verpus still working, he dropped to his knees before her. She flipped her legs up and over each arm of the chair, and he dove in.

Her moans told him that his tongue was working the spot. Her taste was amazing and all he wanted was to get the full effect. He felt her tense up, relax, tense up. Then, with a loud groan, she released her orgasm and Victor tasted her rush. 

His own cock was rock hard in the Verpus. It took only a moment to flip it off and pull it out. He pulled her up and over his desk. She never argued, only willingly presented her perfect ass to him. One thrust and she took his entire length. He wouldn't last long enveloped in her hot pussy. She grunted with each thrust. Her only view was of a picture of Victor and a woman. After a few minutes of drilling her, he leaned down to her neck. "Where?"

"My face."

That response nearly sent him over, but he controlled himself long enough to pull out, flip her around and get her to her knees. Her gorgeous lips opened and she extended her tongue. "Fuck," he muttered as his ejaculation sent ropes of cum across her olive skin, decorating her nose, lips, and chin.

They both managed to clean themselves up in Victor's small, but functional, washroom. The sale was transacted and Casey left. Victor made no disguise about watching her ass sway down the hall.

XXX

The week before Christmas was busy for both Jenna and Victor. They had sex, of course, but no time for extended play. That suited both of them because the last thing either of them wanted was to start a discussion about sex toys. Neither asked, neither told.

Finally, the morning arrived and they sat on their sofa almost giddy with excitement. "You first, baby," said Victor as he pushed the large box toward her. She eagerly unwrapped the box. As the paper came off, she began to tear-up. "Oh, baby. No, you shouldn't have." 

"It'll house everything so you can get it out of the closet," he said excitedly, "Go get it and let's see."

"No," she protested, "You open yours first."

Victor didn't argue but went right to work opening his package from Jenna. He was astonished at the contents. "Baby, I..."

"Shh. It's okay. I wanted to give them to you." She hugged him as he sat in stunned silence.

Just then, the buzzer signaled a visitor. They looked at each other. "You expecting someone, Jen?"

"Not me, you?"

"Nor I." Victor rose and buzzed back. "Yes?"

"Delivery for Jenna Stevens," came the male voice. Victor looked at Jenna who only shrugged.

"Come on up," said Victor as he buzzed open the door. "One of your many admirers, no doubt," he teased her as they waited.

At the knock on their door, Jenna opened, then gasped, "Peter?"

"Yeah," he said from behind a large wrapped box, "Can we come in?"

"We?"

And from behind Peter peeked a face that Victor remembered all too well. "Casey?"

She nodded in her coy way. Victor and Jenna stepped back and let their guests come in. After a few awkward moments of slipping off coats, putting down packages and Victor getting everyone some wine, they sat together in the front room. Casey and Jenna in the center of the sofa, Victor at Jenna's side, Peter at Casey's side. Casey explained.

"We opened our gifts last night," she squeezed Jenna's hand, "They're wonderful, by the way. After we, ummm, tried them out, we started talking and discovered how we each bought the other gift. Peter described you, Jenna, and I recognized you from the picture on Victor's desk." She looked right at Victor. "I got a really good look at it."

Victor blushed and turned to Jenna. "She wanted a demonstration, so, you know."

"Oh, baby, I know. Peter wanted one, too." She squeezed his thigh and grinned.

"So," Peter took up the thread, "We decided that we wanted to give back, to share," he paused a moment and looked at each in turn. "To share everything."

Jenna's nails dug into Victor's thigh. "That would be an amazing present." Her gaze focused on Casey.

Victor removed Jenna's claws from his thigh and stood. "I think that's a wonderful idea, Peter. Would you join me in the kitchen to refill the glasses?"

Peter stood and walked with Victor into the small kitchen. "What's wrong?" he asked.

"Absolutely nothing, dude. Just, umm, it's just that I'm not, you know, bi or anything."

Peter laughed lightly. "Nor me, man. Casey and I just love sex, you know. I'm actually not sure she digs girls, to be honest."

Both men peeked around the corner to see the girls kissing. "There's your answer, Pete."

"Damn, that's hot."

"I know, right. By the way, Casey was an amazing fuck."

"Thanks, man. So was Jenna. This should be one hell of a day."

XXX

They strode into the living space to see Jenna and Casey in a full embrace. Their mouths working, tongues licking. Jenna was feeling Casey's breasts as she was tugging up Jenna's top. Victor leaned over to help her, Jenna broke her kiss long enough for him to slip it up and over her head. 

Within minutes, the girls were topless on the sofa. The men disrobed, each already hard at the sight of their girlfriends enjoying each other. They stood there stroking until Jenna noticed from her vantage point of sucking one of Casey's nipples. "Lookie what we have, Casey. Cock!"

They giggled and turned, Casey to Victor, Jenna to Peter, and each started working. Jenna seemed insatiable for Peter's dick. She had had him before and remembered the feeling of her tongue on him. 

Where Jenna was take-charge, Casey lingered. She had missed this with their first engagement and it seemed that she wanted it to last. Her tongue lovingly bathed him, running over his length. 

Both men stood, their eyes shifting from one girl to the other. The preliminaries didn't last long and soon, each girl had a cock in their mouth. Victor knew Jenna's abilities in this area and he envied Peter, until he watched Casey take him deep. The sight of his cock being gobbled by that sweet face nearly did him in.

Within minutes, both men were face-fucking each other's sexy slut girlfriends. It was Jenna who finally pulled back with a sigh. She pulled Pete's cock over to Casey and slipped away to set-up the Sybaris. As she did, she kept watching Casey's expert work on two hard dicks. First one, then the other, never letting up. A quick glance showed that her thin panties were soaked. Jenna slipped hers off.

She reached around Victor from behind and held them up to his nose, he inhaled deeply. "You're so fucking hot, baby," he muttered. She pinched his nipples, pressing her whole naked body tight against him, causing him to thrust his cock into Casey's throat.

Peter smiled and lifted his girlfriend from the floor and escorted her to the Sybaris. She slipped her soaked panties off and straddled it, lowering herself down, letting the dildo enter her. Peter turned it on and rubbed her clit as the machine stimulated Casey.

Victor sat on the sofa and turned Jenna around to face the action, then pulled her down on him. His cock slipped into her smooth hot cunt and they fucked in a slow steady rhythm watching Peter and Casey. The delicious tableau played on for fifteen minutes. 

Then Peter lifted Casey's hips up, disengaging the dildo, and ate her drenched pussy. Her moans filled the room as Peter's tongue swept her inside and out. Her hips bucked gently to his face. Her moans became groans that led to screams as her orgasm raged through her. Peter picked her up off the machine and moved her to all fours on the floor. In one fluid motion he entered her from behind, fucking her dripping cunt.

Jenna hopped off of Victor and quickly moved so that her pussy was under Casey's face. Casey smiled and leaned down and ate out Jenna. Victor stroked at the sight of this going on in their apartment. He got up and knelt next to Jenna's head, she opened her mouth wide and Victor went back to fucking her throat.

Jenna kept one eye on Peter as she watched him climax into Casey's pussy, the only time Casey paused her tongue. Peter pulled his cock from her and brought it to Jenna, swapping with Victor. Jenna eagerly sucked Peter in, tasting that intoxicating mixture of male and female orgasmic fluids.

Victor moved deftly behind Casey, a view he was familiar with, and slowly pushed his cock into her. She moaned as he did. Victor looked at Peter. "She take it in the ass?"

"You know she does," he responded as he withdrew his cock from Jenna's mouth. 

Casey tilted her head from Jenna's pussy. "Fuck my ass, Vic."

It took only a minute to get their bodies realigned. Peter moved to the sofa, attaching the Verpus to his cock. Jenna twisted under Casey so they could sixty-nine as Victor pressed his cock into Casey's ass. He didn't last long in her super tight hole. They both screamed when he unleashed his spunk into her. The sounds of their orgasms pushed Jenna over the edge.

The day progressed much like this until, around five that evening, four spent bodies lay on the floor. The room smelled of sex and wine and pizza. "Fuck," muttered Victor. The others only moaned in agreement.

Peter gathered enough strength to sit-up and lean on the sofa, "Casey and I have a proposition for you guys." He looked at her and smiled. Casey giggled.

"What could possibly be better than this?" asked Jenna, leaning up to sip some wine.

"Well," Peter continued, "What about you guys moving in with us?"

Jenna and Victor exchanged glances.

"We have a large house in the burbs; no kids, lots of room. And, neither of us would have to give-up the toys."

They all giggled at that remark. "Tell you what, Pete," remarked Victor, "How 'bout we try it out for say a month. I'm game for at least that. Give us time to work on some details."

Peter smiled and they shook hands. The girls giggled and embraced, then kissed, then...

THE END