 4

Bobby's Birthday Morning

I hurried to the door, naked and practically skipping with excitement. My husband Bobby was in our bed, waiting for me with a massive erection and a ball sack just bursting with cum—two days of teasing him and not letting him finish had made sure of that. And now a deliciously sexy porn star, my dear friend Susan, was ringing the doorbell. 

It was Bobby's birthday, and Susan and I had a plan to give him a truly unforgettable gift. I was finally going to be able to repay him for the glorious all-hole fucking that he had given me on our anniversary! It still made me squirm with pleasure to remember how amazingly good it had felt to be fucked by three men at a time, until cum was running in rivulets from every one of my fuckable holes. 

Now it was Bobby's turn. He was going to be so happy!

I opened the front door, still nude, and hustled Susan in quickly so the neighbors wouldn't see me. She was barefoot but wearing a pale, calf-length coat. She slipped the coat off, letting it fall to the floor, and there she was, in all her glory. 

She was breathtaking. Lustrous black hair framed her classically beautiful face—long dark lashes and warm brown eyes, with high cheekbones, an aquiline nose, and full, moist, almost pouty lips. Kiss me lips. Suck me lips.

And oh, her breasts! Her breasts were enormous, but perfectly shaped, swaying enticingly whenever she moved. On her petite 4' 5" frame, the pair of double-Ds were disproportionally awe inspiring. Her waist was slender, but swelled to full, broad hips and a firm, pliant, heart-shaped ass. Her soft, rose-pink pussy lips peeped out between her satin-smooth thighs, atop slender, smoothly tapering legs.

She wasn't naked, exactly—she wore some clear, opalescent gift wrap. It was tied on with two red satin bows, one under her breasts, making them stand out even more impressively, and the other tied low around her hips, half-covering her artfully shaven mound without really concealing it.

"Oh, Susan! You're so beautiful!" I gasped. "He's going to love you!" 

I bit my lip. "Maybe more than me," I said quietly.

She shook her head. "Nonsense, You're the star of this show, sweetie. I know how to play a supporting role." She took me by the shoulders. "You be the dom—I'm just the submissive little fuck toy. Stay in control, and Bobby will see me as an extension of you. You call the shots, doll; I'll do anything you say. And I mean anything."

I hesitated. "I'm not normally dominant with Bobby."

"It's easier than you think. The trick is, just tell him to do what he already wants. If he's fucking me, say 'fuck her harder,' if he's in my mouth, tell him to grab my head and shove his dick down my throat. Encourage him to use me. 

"Men don't fall in love with fuck toys, sweetie. Especially men like Bobby."

I swallowed and nodded, almost tearing up. Bobby might not fall in love with Susan, but I was certainly on the verge.

"The first thing he'll want is to get his hands on these," she said, cupping her breasts. "Order him to suck them—or better yet fuck them. He'll be putty in your hands after that."

"Baby?" my husband's voice called from the bedroom, "Are you coming back?"

"On my way! Your gift came!"

"Not yet," Susan whispered with a wink, "but I will! It's show time, sugar. Let's make Bobby pop."

I swept into the bedroom, my pussy tingling, and paused for a long moment in the doorway to let Bobby get a good look at my naked assets. I may not be Susan, but I'm still hot. I'm a pretty blonde, my tits are big, if not huge, I'm nice and shapely, and Bobby knows just how sweet my ass is, and how much I love to suck him.

Bobby licked his lips appreciatively. "Is this my present?" he asked, looking me up and down, sounding not at all disappointed.

"Part of it," I purred. "But there's also this." I gestured invitingly, and Susan sauntered in, her gorgeous body on display. Bobby frankly stared. He couldn't help ogling her stupendous tits.

"I got you a fuck toy!" I chirped excitedly. Bobby's gaze dropped to the ribbon tied around her hips, only partly obscuring her pink pussy lips. I could see what he wanted, so I took a deep breath and followed Susan's advice. "Unwrap it," I said firmly. "You have to open the package before you can play with the contents. Go ahead, unwrap your little fuck toy."

He hesitated, but not for long. He wasn't used to me giving orders, but these were orders he really liked.

Then the fun began.

Susan walked to the edge of the bed and presented her ripe, luscious body to my husband. He reached out and pulled both satin bows loose, letting the gift wrap flutter away, fully exposing her exquisite breasts and the thin strip of silky hair leading down to her soft, rosy labia. His cock was even more fully erect than before, bobbing against his abs above his navel—as long and hard as I've ever seen it. Now to bring him to a quick orgasm. But not too quick...

"Kneel, fuck toy," I ordered, "and suck my husband's dick while he plays with your tits."

Susan knelt meekly beside the bed, opening her lips and taking the head of Bobby's engorged manhood into her warm, wet mouth. She sucked on it, circled her tongue around and around it. "Oh, yes!" he breathed. Her perfect breasts pressed softly against his thighs and balls. He reached down and cupped one of her smooth, satiny orbs in his hand, gently squeezing it.

"Squeeze her tits," I encouraged. "Don't be shy. They're yours to use as you please. Aren't they, fuck-toy?"

"Mmm-hmm" she hummed, her mouth full of cock.

"See? Enjoy them. Use both hands. That's right. Knead her tits. Oh, yes, pull on her nipples! Twist them. Harder."

Bobby excitedly did as I ordered, taking those sweet, succulent globes in both hands, fondling and squeezing them with enthusiasm, while her warm, velvet mouth slid up and down on his long, stiff rod. He shivered as she lowered her face against his balls, engulfing his dick completely, lodging his cock head in her throat.

"Suck slut, suck!" I commanded. "Take his cock deep in your fuck-toy throat and swallow. Grip his shaft with your throat muscles. Swallow again. Gag on it! Squeeze that gorgeous cockhead. 

"That's it. Now fuck him with your mouth-cunt. Move your head all the way up and down, over every inch of that big, beautiful cock. Worship it! Yes, like that. 

"Suck, slut! Faster! Deeper!"

Susan rapidly raised up until her lips were just touching the tip of his cock, then plunged down until his whole length filled her mouth and throat. She was a soft rippling tunnel around his swollen manhood. A tunnel that slid up and down his whole length, clenched around him, sucked and swirled around his head and shaft, moving faster and faster.

I was getting hot just watching them. Seeing Susan give a blowjob is always exciting, but watching her suck my husband gave my pussy a special tingle. Telling Susan just how to suck my husband's cock was turning me on even more. I know exactly how it feels to lower my mouth over that big, thick rod, to feel it pressing down my throat, to gag on it. I watched her head bob up and down on his stiff cock, feeling my cunt moisten and my nipples harden. 

Bobby moaned. Those fantastic tits and that connoisseur blowjob were pushing him to the edge. But I wasn't ready for him to cum quite yet. Before he could lose control and shoot down her throat, I interrupted.

"Take that dick out of your mouth, you slut. Now spit on it. Get it slippery and wet. Good fuck-toy. Now give him your tits to suck. Go on, Bobby, gorge on those giant titties. Bury your face in them. You know you want to. Bite her nipples. Yes! You're making me hot! Now slobber on them. Make them slippery."

Bobby gnawed on her amazing boobs enthusiastically, rubbing them with his face, biting and sucking her nipples, spitting and drooling on those sweet, sweet tits until they were slick.

"Excellent, Bobby! Her tits are dripping! Now, fuck-toy, on your back, like a good slut. Suck my husband's balls. Suck his balls while he fucks your big slippery tits."

Susan laid on the bed face up, and Bobby knelt with his scrotum over her mouth, facing her tits. She began to lick his balls, taking each one into her mouth and rolling her tongue around it. He groaned and leaned forward, pressing his swollen member between her huge, glorious breasts, gazing down at her sweetly curving body. Squeezing her tits together, he began sliding his long cock into the heavenly tunnel they formed.

"Fuck-toy, reach up and fondle my husband's nipples while he tit-fucks you. Pinch them every time he thrusts his prick between your tits. Yes, just like that. Don't stop sucking! Suck his balls. Get them both in your mouth."

I laid on top of Susan's lower body, facing Bobby as he knelt above her mouth, his face a rictus of pleasure, squeezing her firm pliant titties together with both hands, luxuriating in the feel of them, and fucking the elastic valley they formed, slick with spittle and sweat, while she sucked his balls, her hands reaching up his body to caress and stimulate his nipples. I saw a drop of precum ooze from the head of his penis, making Susan's breasts even slipperier.

Bobby was getting very close to orgasm.

The first orgasm, I reminded myself with a smile.

But I wasn't quite done making it memorable.

"Use your mouth, slut. Tongue my husband's asshole. Stick your tongue up his ass, every time he shoves his cock between your tits."

Susan obediently began to eat his ass. Bobby's eyes widened as another erotically sensitive body part responded to her oral ministrations. I crawled up higher on Susan, facing Bobby as he neared his climax. "Kiss me," I urged.

Bobby's lips and mine pressed together, and our tongues were swirling around each other. I sucked on his tongue while Susan pinched his nipples and put her tongue up his ass, in time to the rhythm of his blood-red cock sliding between her beautiful pink tits. Bobby and I looked down and watched his dick glide between those succulent breasts, admiring the erotic view together.

I slithered down and pressed my face between Susan's thighs. She opened them for me and I burrowed in her fragrant cunt, lapping up the slippery dew seeping from her vagina and slathering it over her clit with my tongue. Susan began to moan with her tongue still up Bobby's asshole. It must have felt good to Bobby because he began to groan in unison with her. 

I rose up and kissed Bobby again, this time with my mouth full of the musky smell and taste of Susan's delicious cunt. Bobby eagerly sucked Susan's juices from my mouth, inhaling her scent. I took one of Susan's hands away from Bobby's nipple and sucked on her middle finger, lubricating it with my spit and her own pussy oil. 

"Go back to sucking his balls again, slut. Put this where your tongue is." I said, squeezing her finger. Susan submissively shifted back to Bobby's scrotum, licking and sucking on his ball sack, while teasing the entrance to his anus with her finger. Bobby was shuddering, close to exploding. I lowered my face to Susan's belly, inching up until Bobby's penis touched my lips at the end of every thrust down the valley of her cleavage. 

I opened my mouth, sticking out my tongue to lick the head of his cock at the end of every stroke. "Now," I said, "fuck my girlfriend's tits and cum in my mouth."

Susan thrust her finger all the way up Bobby's ass then. He gasped and stiffened, then began to thrust harder. I moved up until my face was between his hands, right on top of Susan's gyrating bosoms. He began to alternately thrust his cock between her tits and into my mouth. He moaned.

"Yes," I said, talking dirty to him every time his cock came out of my mouth. "Cum in my mouth. Mmph." His dick filled my cum hole, then slid back out. 

"Feed me your sperm. Umm." He fucked Susan's tits, then fucked my face again. His cock felt so big and so good in my mouth. 

"I want to suck the jizz from your cock," I cried, as his dick came back out of me, covered in slobber, and thrust again into the slick tunnel of Susan's tits. 

"Mmm Hmm," I hummed as his cock reentered my mouth. 

"Shoot your load on her tits and my face. Mmmm. Cum, baby. Drain your balls. 

"Mphh. Mphh. Fuck my girlfriend's beautiful tits and cum in my fucking mouth."

Bobby let out an incoherent yell and started to cum, shooting his first jet of semen onto Susan's slick breasts and spattering my chin. Susan chose that moment to flex her finger against his prostate, milking it, then pulled it suddenly out of his ass while humming loudly on his balls.

He bellowed as he thrust his manhood into my hungry, waiting mouth. His hot, hard cock pulsed and throbbed, filling my mouth and spurting his warm thick sperm onto my tongue. His salty jism completely flooded my mouth, overflowed onto my chin and dribbled down onto Susan's glistening tits. He kept cumming and cumming, jerking stiffly and shooting pulse after pulse of semen into my mouth, down my throat, and onto my face. I sucked and sucked while he came and came, squeezing his cock with my mouth to maximize his sensations with every spasm.

Finally he sagged backward against the headboard, his cum-covered, semi-erect cock still pulsing slowly. Susan rolled on her side and I crawled up, face to face with her, our naked bodies pressed together, with both of our heads between Bobby's legs. We began to lick the cum off his cock together. Our tongues met and greeted each other as they lapped around the sides of Bobby's penis. 

When his cock was licked clean, I milked him with my hand from base to tip, squeezing a last pearl of cum from his slit. I licked it off and shared it with Susan. Our tongues intertwined, coated with his salty, slippery spunk.

Then we began to lick his cum off each other. Susan licked the jizz off my cheeks and chin, smacking her lips and swallowing every driblet. I sucked up a string of cum from her satiny, sperm-covered tits, and delivered it to her waiting mouth.

"Who's our little cum slut?" I asked.

"I am," she answered. "Feed me all of your husband's cum. I want it. I need it."

"Do you promise to swallow every drop of his semen?"

"Every drop."

Bobby watched, mesmerized, as I licked every little spatter of his cum off my girlfriend's tits and belly, and transferred them, tongue to tongue, to our little cum-slut fuck-toy, who swallowed every drop, licking her lips and visibly savoring the creamy texture.

"Oh, my god," moaned Bobby. "I don't think I've ever cum so hard." He blinked in surprise. "And I haven't even fucked you. Either of you. Not even in the ass."

I reached into the bedside drawer and retrieved a little blue pill. "You haven't fucked either of us, yet."

Susan wriggled her ample bottom. "Not even in the ass," she purred.

Bobby dry-swallowed the viagra. "What now?" he asked.

"Well, about an hour from now we're going to fuck you in ways you can't even imagine," I replied, "and keep fucking you until you empty your balls completely."

"In the meantime, enjoy the show," added Susan. "We're doing a matinee performance of 'Wifey Does Her Fuck Toy,' live.

"Now look and listen, but don't touch," she waved a finger warningly under his nose, then dipped it into her cunt, slid it into mine, and waved it under his nose again.

"Unless you really want to," she finished. 

She pushed her finger gently into his mouth so he could taste our mingled flavors. "In which case, feel free to touch, taste, and fondle. The show will go on until you can fully join us."

I put my lips to his ear. "Happy birthday, baby," I whispered.

"The happiest," he sighed.

Susan cleared her throat. "Excuse me for intruding, but please, mistress, may I suck on your clit?" she asked me submissively.

"Have you been bad?" I inquired.

"Yes," she answered contritely. "Very bad."

"Good," I replied. "Come suck my clitoris with your dirty little mouth, you bad, bad girl." 

I laid on my back, closed my eyes, spread my legs, and waited. I was so looking forward to this...