 Hello. My name is Susan and I am nineteen years old. I am 4 feet 11 inches tall and very petite. I was born in Hong Kong and adopted by an American family when I was only two years old. I have long straight black hair and brown eyes. I also have little feet. My skin is very smooth. I'm studying to be a teacher. During the summer I love to lay out in the sun in my little blue bikini. I guess you could say that I'm shy and reserved until I get to know a person really well. But I also have another side of me. If I like you and trust you, then I can be quite naughty. I guess that's not so unusual, isn't it?

I guess you could also say that I'm a bit of an exhibitionist. You can blame my boyfriend, Tom, for that. I wasn't that way until I met him. He is so bad!

It all started one night when Tom's friend, George, came over to visit for a few hours. George is one of the few of Tom's friends who I really like. I shared a few glasses of wine with the two guys.

After a little while, I excused myself to take a shower. I went upstairs to the bedroom and took off my clothes. I looked in the mirror. My chest and face were a little flushed from the wine. It sure doesn't take much wine to do that to me.

I wrapped the towel around myself and scooted into the bathroom to take my shower. After the shower, I scooted back into the bedroom to finish drying myself off.

I put on my pink Pooh Bear cotton night shirt. The Pooh Bear shirt is my favorite pajama. It is so cute. I feel like a little girl when I wear it. It comes down to a few inches above my knees. I didn't have anything underneath. No bra. No panties. Nothing!

Suddenly, Tom came into the room. He smiled when he saw what I was wearing.

"You look cute in that outfit!"

"Thank you."

"George and I are having some more wine. Aren't you going to come down and have some?"

"Okay, but, maybe I had better put something else on."

"You look okay with what you have on now."

"Don't you think that what I'm wearing is too revealing?"

"No. You look fine."

"Okay."

Tom is a typical male. Of course, I knew that he wasn't telling me the truth. I think, if it were up to him, it would be just fine if I walked around the house stark naked. He wouldn't care who saw me.

Normally, I would have ignored him and put on something else. I don't know why, but, for some reason, tonight was different. I was in a mood to have some fun and, if Tom didn't mind that George would see me without much on, then why should I? Tom took my hand and led me into the living room.

George was sitting on the recliner. I caught him staring at me for a moment. I think he was surprised to see me in the short night shirt. It was obvious that he liked what he was seeing.

I sat down on the sofa and immediately pulled the bottom of the night shirt down as far as it would go. Tom handed me a glass of wine and sat down next to me.

We talked for a while...

I looked at George. Twenty years old, with thick brown hair, muscular arms and a broad chest, he looked so handsome. I couldn't understand why a nice guy like that did not have a girlfriend. The only thing that I could think of was that he had not yet gotten over his break up with his ex-girlfriend, Becky. But, that was almost a year ago. 

Tom poured me another glass of wine...

Suddenly, George commented, "Your face is a little red."

"It's from the wine."

"It is?"

"Yes, wine always has that effect on me."

After a while, I laid down on the sofa with my head on a pillow and my legs resting on Tom's lap. I closed my eyes and let him massage my feet while I listened to the guys talk. I felt very relaxed and was almost ready to fall asleep when I felt Tom stop. I opened my eyes again.

"Don't stop. That feels so good!"

"Okay."

I looked up and noticed that George was looking at my feet as Tom continued to massage them. I could tell that he really liked looking at them.

Tom asked George, "Doesn't Susan have little feet?"

George agreed, "Yes, she sure does!"

I giggled, "That's because I'm Asian. Asian girls are supposed to have little feet."

I wiggled them up and down.

Tom continued to massage me and, when he finished with my feet, he moved his hands with gentle upward strokes from my ankles to my knees. As Tom continued to rub me, he pulled the bottom of my night shirt up a little bit so that it was not in the way. It was now about six inches above my knees. I didn't think anything unusual about that since I was still pretty well covered but, not wanting to give George too much of a thrill and to not appear too immodest, I kept my knees close to each other.

I looked up at George again. He was staring at me with an envious look as if he wished that he was the one who was touching me and not Tom.

Without warning, Tom pulled the bottom of my night shirt up a couple of inches more. He took me by surprise. I wasn't expecting him to do that. Not with George watching. I gave him a look like, "Don't you know that I'm not wearing any panties?" Tom saw my look, but he just smiled. I guess I could have pulled the shirt back down, but I decided not to. The truth is, I was enjoying letting Tom do what he was doing and I was having too much fun showing myself to George.

George was staring at my little feet and my legs and knees. I knew that he wanted to look higher, but he didn't want to be too obvious.

Tom continued to massage my legs and thighs and, as he did, the bottom of my night shirt continued to creep up even higher. I'm not sure if Tom deliberately pulled it up or if it just happened accidentally, but I knew, the way that I was laying, that George could now see almost all the way up my thighs and that, if the shirt would get pulled up any higher than it already was, he would definitely be able to see that I wasn't wearing any panties!

What would George think if he saw my little pussy?

I decided that I had better sit up before Tom exposed me completely. I adjusted my clothing so that I was more covered.

The three of us talked some more. By now, this must have been my third or fourth glass (I can't really remember) and I was definitely feeling the wine. I was acting so silly and giggly and my words were getting tongue-tied. The guys thought that this was funny. Tom knew that wine could do this to me, but George had never seen me behave this way before.

All of a sudden, I had this burst of energy. I don't know where it came from. I decided to get up and put a CD in the player.

"Okay guys. It's time to dance!"

So I stood in the middle of the living room by myself and started to wiggle and shake to the beat of the music. The guys laughed when they saw what I was doing. I think they thought that I was drunk, but I really wasn't; I just pretended to be. I was feeling silly and uninhibited. There was no doubt that I had the guys' attention as I shook my little bottoms and pranced about. I raised my arms above my head and, each time that I did, the bottom of my night shirt came up a few inches, until the guys could see, without a doubt, that I wasn't wearing any panties underneath. I knew that I was putting on a brazen show.

Tom was sitting on the sofa. I walked right up to him and held out my hand.

"Come on. Aren't you going to dance?"

I took Tom's hand and playfully pulled and tugged at him to try to get him to stand up. It didn't take much for me to coax him into dancing. The music was fast and we danced with abandon while George watched from the recliner. Tom twirled me around. I was laughing and feeling giddy. We were both having a good time.

Tom pulled me close and we started to kiss. Then I coyly pulled away before things got too out of hand. Tom grasped my wrist and pulled me close again. I put my arms around his neck and he placed his arms around my waist. We were kissing and, this time, I didn't pull away. It didn't matter that the music was fast.

Now I could feel Tom's hands underneath my night shirt, squeezing my firm little bare bottoms.

I giggled, "You are being a bad boy!"

"I like your bottoms!"

"You do?"

"Yes!"

The next thing I knew, Tom had grasped the bottom of my night shirt and lifted it up enough so that I was exposed from the waist down. I was now bottomless! A bottomless dancer! 

I exclaimed, "Stop it! George can see!"

"So?"

"You don't care?"

"No!"

Despite my words telling him to stop, Tom continued to tug my night shirt up higher until it was above my tummy.

What Tom said next really shocked me...

"Take your clothes off!"

Tom was trying to undress me in front of George!

I instinctively pulled away.

But, Tom was very persistent. He pulled me close and tugged my night shirt up again. I suppose that I could have stopped him if I had wanted to, but, I really didn't want to. I couldn't blame him for wanting to undress me. I knew that I was being the exhibitionist and tease and, until now, I had only encouraged him to misbehave. Deep down inside, I really wanted Tom to pull my clothes off in front of George, but, at the same time, I didn't want to appear too easy. I figured that I could just blame it on the alcohol.

What would George think if he saw me nude? I'm sure that he would like it. I mean, most boys would. 

Tom exclaimed, "Take it off!"

All I know is that I lifted my arms up and let Tom pull my night shirt over my head. He tried to toss it onto the sofa, but, somehow, it landed on the floor.

Suddenly, I was completely naked and exposed! I couldn't believe that Tom had stripped me in front of George. I felt so naughty and devilish. I put one arm across my chest to cover my breasts and looked at George. You should have seen the shocked look on his face! He was gawking at me, taking in my entire body from head to toe. I bet he wasn't expecting to see me like this! 

I took my arm away from my chest and turned toward Tom.

"Are you satisfied now that I'm naked?"

"Yes!"

It was like Tom was a little boy. He looked so happy and satisfied that I had let him pull my clothes off in front of George. I put my arms around his neck and pressed my breasts against his chest and kissed him passionately.

George watched as the two of us danced. I knew that he was trying not to stare at me, but he couldn't help it. The way that I was dancing with Tom, George could see my bare back and sides, but he couldn't see very much of my breasts because they were being flattened against Tom's chest.

Suddenly, the music was over. I immediately picked up my night shirt off the floor and ran into the kitchen.

I was so nervous. I debated whether to put my clothes back on or not. I took some apples out of the refrigerator and began to cut them up.

It was only a moment later when Tom walked in.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm cutting us up some fruit."

Of course, he could tell that I was very nervous.

I looked up and said, "Maybe I had better put my clothes back on."

"No. It's okay. Stay the way you are."

"I don't think so. I can't stay this way."

"Why not?"

"Aren't you concerned that George will get the wrong idea?"

"No. He knows that we're just having some fun." 

"I'm not so sure about that. He probably thinks that I'm acting like a slut."

"I think you're making too much out this. I know George and he isn't going to think any less of you just because you don't have any clothes on. You're entitled to have some fun. Let yourself go."

"Okay. I guess you're right. But this can't be much fun for him watching the two of us dance. It's too bad he broke up with Becky."

"Trust me. He's fine."

"Why did they break up?"

"It's a long story."

"I just feel that we shouldn't be dancing in front of him like that."

"You know, there's nothing stopping you from asking him to dance."

"You want me to dance with him?"

"Yes."

"I don't know. If I'm going to do that I'll need to put my clothes back on first."

"No. I think you should dance with him naked."

"Oh. You do, do you?"

"Yes!"

"You are so bad! Aren't you afraid that he'll want to do more than just dance?"

"No"

"What if he starts kissing me or he puts his hands in the wrong place? You wouldn't be jealous?"

"No. I think you should dance with him."

"Okay. I'll think about it."

Tom took my hand and led me back into the living room.

I walked up to George and handed him some apple slices. I was so nervous.

I blurted, "I was going to get dressed, but Tom talked me out of it. I hope you don't mind that I'm naked!"

George had a big smile on his face when I said that.

"No. I don't mind."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Not a problem.

I nervously pranced about in my birthday suit, displaying my body. It was fun letting the boys see me like that. I had never done anything like that before.

Finally, I sat down on the sofa and cuddled up next to Tom. George really had a good view of me now. I kept my knees together, so as to not appear too immodest. I wiggled my little feet. The three of us talked as if nothing were out of the ordinary.

I know it seems absurd.

It must have been about twenty minutes later when Tom needed go upstairs for some reason, leaving me alone with George. I really felt self-conscious and exposed now. I knew that George could see my breasts and my little pussy. I picked up my night shirt again and was about to put it back on, but I just folded it and laid it down on the edge of the sofa. To tell you the truth, I was having too much fun being the exhibitionist in front of him to get dressed now. Tom had said that it was okay with him for me to dance with George. In fact, he wanted me to. I wanted to dance with George too, but I was waiting for the right moment.

I took another sip of wine...

It must have been that last sip of wine that did it.

I asked, "George, would you like to dance with me?"

I think he could tell by the way that my voice shook that I was nervous.

I think I caught him completely by surprise. After all, it's not everyday that a pretty nineteen year old girl who is totally naked asks you to dance, especially if that girl is your friend's girlfriend.

So George and I danced for a few minutes. It was really nice. He was a perfect gentleman. I think it was a little awkward for him not knowing how close to hold me. He put his hands around my waist and I put my arms around his neck.

I giggled, "George, I hope you don't get the wrong idea. I think I've had a little too much to drink, but I'm not really drunk you know. Well, maybe I'm a little drunk."

"It's okay. I know that you're just having fun."

"That's what Tom said. You must have been reading his mind."

"Well, Tom is right."

"You know, I've never danced with anyone without my clothes on before. Not even with Tom."

"Do you like it?"

"Yes. I do. I most definitely do! Do you like dancing with me naked?"

"I think you're being silly."

"You didn't answer my question."

"Yes. I like dancing with you naked."

"Do you think I look nice?"

"Yes. I think you're beautiful!"

"You're really sweet!"

And, just like that, the song was over.

I had been sitting on the sofa for only a couple of minutes when Tom came down the stairs. He was totally naked! He stood facing me, proudly showing off his semi-erect penis.

I couldn't help laughing.

"I can't believe you!"

Tom pretended that it was no big deal, but I knew otherwise.

Tom said that he wanted to dance with me. I said "Okay." He picked out a song to play.

It was Lady GaGa.:

"Dance, dance... gonna be okay...

Just dance, spin that record babe...

Just dance, gonna be okay...

Dance, dance..."

Tom grasped my wrist and twirled me about. It was pretty wild. One moment he was pulling me close and kissing me. The next moment I was twirling about again. I was laughing and giggling. It was so much fun.

"Dance, dance..."

Tom pulled me close again, kissing me, this time not wanting to let me go. He was obviously very aroused. He just couldn't seem to get enough of my lips. His cock, now fully erect, pressed against my belly. I moved my hips a little away from him so as to make sure that all we were doing was dancing, but he pulled me closer and was kissing me. His cock continued to poke against me.

I was laughing and giggling. I told him to behave, but it was obvious that I wasn't putting up much of a fight. Now we were kissing feverishly. I was so horny! I pressed my chest against his so that he could feel how hard my nipples were. He kept kissing me and I kissed him back. I guess by this time it wasn't really dancing.

I thought Tom was going to take me upstairs to ravish me in the bedroom in private but, instead, he grabbed the pillow from the sofa and a nearby blanket, laid them down on the carpet and laid me down on the blanket with my head on the pillow. Somehow, he kept kissing me all the time that he was doing this. Then he got on top of me.

Of course, George could see all of this. Things were really getting out of hand. This wasn't supposed to happen! I never thought that Tom would want to have sex with me on the living room carpet in front of George. I looked up and saw that George was still there watching us.

Tom began to suck on my tits. He took his time doing this. He knows how to put his lips around my nipples to make them hard. I get little bumps on them when he does that. Tom also licked my tits. He says he likes to taste their saltiness.

I looked up at George. He couldn't help seeing that my chest was flushed and my nipples were erect.

Now Tom was kissing me lower, around the sides of my belly. I giggled and squirmed when he got too close to my ticklish spots around the bones near my hips.

My heart beat rapidly in anticipation of what Tom was going to do to me next. I knew that his intention was to get me so hot that I would let him have his way with me even with George watching. So far, Tom hadn't done anything to me below my waist. He hadn't even touched my pussy or anything like that. Instead, he had concentrated on my top half. But now he was moving down to my genitalia.

Tom kissed me on my pussy lips and then he began to lick them, making them all wet and glistening. I closed my eyes. I could feel his tongue licking my outer lips and then the inner ones too. I could feel Tom using his fingers to gently separate the lips apart and then he licked them some more.

I opened my eyes for a moment and glanced at George. I knew, the way that Tom was holding my labia apart, that George could see my pink wetness inside. But, what surprised me was the way that George was looking at my face. He seemed to be looking at my face so intently. It was my face that would give me away and tell him how aroused I was.

It was at that point that Tom started to lick my clit. I almost screamed when he did that! It felt so good! He kept doing it over and over, moving his tongue up and down over that one spot, getting me all excited.

He licked and sucked on my pussy lips again and then he moved his body back up until I could feel the head of his cock pressing against my pussy. I knew that he was excited and that he couldn't wait any longer to put that big cock of his inside of me. Suddenly, he thrust it deep inside my pussy! I gasped for air. It felt so good. He thrust his cock repeatedly and forcefully in and out. I was moaning in pleasure. I knew that George could hear me moaning, but I didn't care.

Tom abruptly stopped and got off of me. I gave him a look like, "What are you doing? Why did you stop?"

I knew why immediately.

I looked up and saw that George was naked and that his penis was erect and that he was lowering himself onto the blanket right next to me on the opposite side that Tom was on.

I immediately realized what was about to happen. George wanted to fuck me too and Tom was going to allow him to do it! 

In a bit of a panic, I started to sit up, but, before I could, Tom placed his hands on my shoulders, holding me down.
