 5

Show and Tell

I was on my back, my legs spread in invitation, wearing only a faint sheen of sweat, waiting for Susan's mouth. My husband's thigh was beside my head, his freshly discharged cock draped over his leg. His big dick was soft now but still turgid, elongated, and glistening with saliva where Susan and I had licked him clean—I could still taste his semen. We'd made Bobby cum harder than he ever had before. 

And we were just getting started. Today was Bobby's birthday—all day long. But Bobby's cock would need a little while to recover. In the meantime...

I had gotten SO hot from watching Bobby tit-fucking Susan (at my orders!) and then cumming in my mouth, and the hotter still from sharing his cum with her. But I still hadn't cum yet—or even been properly fucked—and I was in urgent need of release.

Then Susan's hands were on my thighs, pressing them apart to make room for her face. I felt her warm breath on my labia. She kissed my cunt lips the way you would kiss a lover on the mouth, pressing her lips to mine, moving, sucking, nipping, slipping her tongue inside. "God, you taste good," she sighed, licking at the opening of my vulva like a cat lapping up cream.

"She's right, you know. You do taste good," agreed Bobby, wrapping his arm over my shoulder, resting it softly on my breast, and taking my nipple between his finger and thumb. When he squeezed, it was like a direct line to my crotch. I writhed. I could feel myself getting wetter.

"Mmmm..." murmured Susan, sliding her tongue all the way into my slippery tunnel and running it around my pussy walls. Bobby gently pulled and rolled my nipple while Susan licked out my cunt. I shivered. Susan fastened her lips to my labia and began to slide her mouth upward, sucking my engorged pussy lips the whole way up.

Her mouth sought my clitoris, and found it. Her tongue circled around it, teasingly, making me hotter still. Two of her fingers pushed into my love hole where her tongue had just been, moving round and round—reaming the entrance to my pussy. Bobby continued to play with my now-hard nipple, carrying me to that border between pleasure and pain, the way a good ass-fucking does.

Then Susan was sucking on my clit. I could feel it swelling, growing in response to her steady suction. She momentarily withdrew both her fingers from my twat, then reinserted just her index finger. It felt heavenly. Then her middle finger, now slippery with juice from my pussy, found my rectum, parted it, penetrated, and slid all the way up my asshole. I gasped. She plunged her scissored fingers into my cunt and asshole simultaneously, rocking and moving them in circles, plunging all the way in and halfway out. "Oh, god! Yes!" I cried out. "Finger-fuck my pussy! Finger-fuck my ass! Pull on my nipp-aaah!!"

Susan began to lick my clit while she sucked on it. I shuddered as the sensations mounted, riding them closer and closer to climax. "Fuck, YESSS!" I screamed. "Suck me!" 

Susan pulled her fingers out of me, squeezed her petite little hand as tight and small as she could, and slowly, firmly, pushed her hand into my pussy, up to her slim wrist.

I was still screaming, but couldn't form words. Someone was pulling hard on both my nipples now. A tongue was pounding my clit like a silk jackhammer. I was being pulled apart. I was on the edge, about to cum massively.

Then Susan opened her hand inside me. Oh my god. It blossomed, filling me in unimaginable ways. It was as if the biggest cock I could possibly fuck suddenly doubled in size at the back of my cunt. She gently squeezed my uterus, milking it. 

I was beyond cumming. I was floating above my body, hearing myself wail.

She pulled her hand back, her fist trapped against the opening to my cunt. I felt myself flying back into my body, screaming "God, Susan, fuck me, FUCK ME!" 

It was like every orgasm in my life combined into one endless spasm. I saw white. I was laughing and crying and coming, all at once.

Susan's hand pulled out of my cunt in a gush of vaginal fluid. My whole body bucked, and for a moment I was in Nirvana, still laughing and crying and cumming, totally out of control, but I was somewhere else, drifting in a place of pure, infinite bliss. My entire body, my whole being, clenched tight, oh, so tight—then relaxed, completely.

And then her face, her body, was beside mine, holding me, laughing and crying with me and kissing my face. Bobby looked down at me in wonder, in adoration, as if I had just done the most amazing thing. As lovers do, they had shared in my orgasm.

"Oh my god," I said weakly. "That was..." words failed me.

Susan's open, beaming smile hid again behind her usual smug grin. She held out the hand that been inside me, glistening with my wetness. Her smile took on a wicked gleam, no longer the submissive fuck toy. "You need nourishment," she purred. She held her tiny, amazing hand in front of my face. 

"Lick it," she said.

I took her finger into my mouth and sucked.

An erotic thrill came over me as I sucked her fingers, licking my own cum off the hand that had just fisted me. She spread her fingers, took one in her own mouth, and sucked. Bobby bent down and sucked a third finger into his mouth, sharing my cum.

The three of us were all licking my cum from Susan's outstretched hand, together, fresh from my cunt. I moaned, cumming again, or maybe still, faintly, like a delayed echo.

"I feel like... like the three of us... just got married or something," I said dazedly.

"Something sure happened," Bobby agreed.

"Something really good," Susan decreed. "Candi's orgasms are... special. But let's not spoil it with words." 

She looked deep in my eyes. "Fuck me," she said simply. "Fuck me now."

She turned about, feet to my face, and swung her wide hips and lovely leg over me, on her hands and knees now, straddling my face. She lowered her pussy onto my waiting mouth.

"Eat my cunt," she ordered. "Suck me. Make me cum, girlfriend."

I raised my head, lifting my face into her waiting cunt, and Bobby slipped a pillow under it, so I could comfortably bury my face in my girlfriend's vagina. I felt a warm glow of gratitude. My husband keeps finding new ways to show how much he loves me.

Then I went to work, eating Susan's pussy in earnest. I was going to make that girl cum so hard on my face. It was her turn now.

Her pussy lips were rosy, swollen, and satin soft. Her cunt was warm and wet and fragrant with her musk. Her secretions were winey and tart. She was delicious. She sighed as I licked her lips and walls.

Susan's clit was engorged and slippery, sensitive to the least touch. It hung down like a small, hot, pistol trigger. I latched my mouth onto it, like a hungry calf sucking on a teat. She moaned. I sucked harder.

I licked her clit from below, my tongue running down her hood, rubbing it against her shaft, then pulling it over her clit-head as I reached her top. On the return stroke, the soft underside of my tongue slid up the face of her clit, ending with the tip of my tongue flicking suddenly over the sensitive face of her clit-head, pulling her trigger, again and again.

She grunted with jolts of erotic pleasure, rocking her hips against my face, fucking my mouth while the pleasure steadily built. We held a rhythm, my lips tight around the base of her clit, my tongue stroking the shaft and flicking the tip, over and over, my face enfolded in her fragrant twat, both of us enjoying this face-fuck too much to hurry. 

Bobby ran his hands over her back, caressing her curves, enjoying the sight, sounds, and smell of his wife rutting with a gorgeous porn star. 

As her heat grew, she buried her face in my own sodden pussy, not so much trying to stimulate me as just sucking on my cunt for comfort while I drove her headlong toward orgasm.

When her head lowered into my twat, her magnificent heart-shaped ass swung up invitingly. Bobby spread her sweet, round ass cheeks, exposing her puckered brown anal entrance. He traced the circle with his tongue, then pushed that long, thick tongue into Susan's ass. He flexed his tongue inside her asshole, making her moan into my cunt, then withdrew and swirled it in circles, around and around the sensitive rim of her anus, while I licked and sucked her clit, my nose buried deep in her dripping love tunnel. 

Then I licked her faster, feasting on her, letting her gasps guide me to focus on her most sensitive places, the point of her maximum pleasure. Bobby reached around to cup her stupendous tits in his big hands, rubbing and squeezing her hard brown nipples.

"Harder!" she moaned. "Faster, Candi! Yes, yes, yes, suck my clit, tongue my ass, squeeze my tits! Oh! Yes!!!! Make. Me. Cummmm, mmmm. mm. Ah!" She shuddered and bucked, and I felt the electric thrill of her climax as she came on the tip of my tongue.

I gently continued to suck her clit, slowly circling my tongue around and around it, until the last shudders of her orgasm passed. 

The three of us rested there, thoroughly wrung out, wrapped around each other, Susan and I in sixty-nine, faces in cunts, with Bobby draped over us, his hands wrapped around those fabulous tits of hers, his balls resting against my chin, his long, soft cock at rest in the cleft of Susan's ass. I floated in a happy daze. I may have dozed.

After a time, I gradually became aware of renewed movement. Susan began to swing her hips again, sliding her pussy on my face, and gently licking my vulva. As she rocked from side to side, the cleft of her ass moved back and forth, rubbing against the underside of Bobby's cock. He began to gently hump the crack of her beautiful smooth ass, enjoying the sensation, his big cock beginning to swell.

I pulled the pillow out from under my head so I could bend back and lick Bobby's balls. Susan felt his growing girth and began to slide her ass cheeks up and down on his hardening dick. I sucked his ball sack into my mouth. "Mmm, hmm," I hummed, saying yes to Bobby's erection.

I felt a tingle from my tongue to my twat. Bobby was getting hard again. I already had a mouthful of his cum inside me—he was going to stay hard for a long, long time. The three of us were in for some real fucking, now.