 a continuation of "The Girl I Didn't Know" Parts 1 and 2, but reading them is not essential to any of the intricate plot points. :-)

"Gordon, didn't you say you would give your cousin Tabby a call?"

"Second cousin. And we could just call her Tabby, I suppose. Yes, I did say I'd call her, but I didn't say when." 

Alexi and I were sitting at a sidewalk table, at a coffee shop a few blocks from my apartment. It was the proverbial morning after. I was feeling a little hung over, but at least we had gotten to sleep late, and the day was ours. We were both writers. Alex had just celebrated the signing of a deal for her latest novel: a historical romance involving female motorcyclists of the early 20th century. She was taking a few days off before going into the final revision phase. I was working on a textbook, and the guys I was collaborating with were mostly out of the country right now. True, I was supposed to be researching ball bearing manufacturing in Nazi Germany in the late '30s, but as long as I got it done before they got back, life was good.

And now Alex wanted me to call my second cousin, Tabitha, whom I had unwittingly had sex with the night before. Well, the sex wasn't unwitting, but I didn't know she was my second cousin at the time. Still I had promised to call her; maybe we should just have a friendly lunch and kind of talk over how we should possibly agree not to sleep with each other?

Alex's hair was done up loosely in the back, the better to show off her long, white neck and toned shoulders. The tight top and shorts she was wearing showed off the rest. This made me think about my track record with keeping out of sexual relationships with female friends. Alex and I met when she called me for help with her research about female motorcyclists in the early 20th century. I was an assistant professor at Loyola then, but she had encouraged me to get into writing. So far it's been college textbooks, but I might have a novel in me, especially if I keep hanging around with Alex. I rarely get into bed with her, but last night I had, and the way she was dressed today made me want to nibble on that neck again, and suck on those...

"Gordon?" she asked, looking at me over her sunglasses and smiling. "What do you think?"

"I'm sorry, I didn't catch what you said."

"That's because I'm up here, buddy," she said, pointing at her face. "Not down here," she said, looking around quickly and then making her breasts jiggle with her hands. Mesmerizing.

"Why do women always catch us looking?" I said, laughing, but blushing a little.

"This isn't some superpower we have; men are just obvious," she laughed, taking off her sunglasses and leering at my chest, then my crotch. "Anyway, what I said was: give Tabby a call and see if she wants to go to dinner with us tonight. Maybe a museum before and a drink at your place later. It might make it seem like less of a date, if that's what you're worried about."

I picked up my cell phone, opened it, and held it to my face without dialing. "Hello? Tabby? Hi, it's Gordon. You slept with me last night, and now I'd like to cool things off a bit by introducing you to the other woman I slept with last night."

"She won't mind. I mean, don't approach the subject like that, but she won't mind if you tell her I'm coming along."

"How can you be so sure?"

"From the way she was looking at me last night. Sometimes women are obvious, too. You're lucky you're my wingman, buddy. And that it was my party and I was trapped by a horde of well-wishers."

"Oh, so that's what it's all about," I laughed. "Okay, but remember this the next time you're in some club with me and you need me to look like your boyfriend because the Hell's Angels guy is coming this way."

I made the call, and sure enough Tabby wanted to meet us. We decided to meet up at the Smithsonian's American Art Museum late that afternoon. Alex was wearing something more conservative: a blouse, blazer, and dress slacks. Tabby was wearing a low-cut blouse and a skirt which was shorter than the dress she wore last night. The security guard eyed her carefully as we went through the turnstiles, but I don't think it was because of her potential threat to national security.

"Hi!" Tabby exclaimed. "I'm so glad Gordon called - I didn't get much of a chance to talk to you last night. I'm a big fan!"

One of the things I appreciate about Alex is that she handles the gushing fan routine rather well. But then, she's had practice. Authors don't get mobbed in public like rock stars, but we've had many an outing interrupted by someone who placed her from her book jacket photo. "Really?" Alex asked. "What's your favorite book of mine?"

"Wondrous Worlds. I loved how you reinterpreted the story of Wonder Woman as a Greek tragedy."

"Oh, golly, my second book. Yeah, it wasn't too hard, given that the comic book character was a rip-off of Athena in the first place, with a dash of the Amazonian legends thrown in. My publisher kind of made me do that one. But it was fun," Alex quickly added, as Tabby's face reddened a bit.

"I liked it too, Alex," I chipped in. I was walking down the corridor behind them, already feeling a bit like a fifth wheel.

Tabby looked back as if my comment had reminded her I was still in the room. She dropped back and put her arm in mine. "Okay, well, I liked your last book, too, Alexi. About the motorcyclists."

"I helped Alex research that one. It's how we met," I said proudly.

"Yeah, I have to admit Gordon helped a lot with it," Alex said, putting a hand on my shoulder briefly. About then we came in sight of another security guard, who smiled at me. I smiled back.

After about an hour at the museum, with the girls doing most of the talking, we got a cab over to the Lebanese restaurant Tabby and I had tried to get into last night. This time it wasn't too busy, and we were soon seated. We ate Tabouleh salads and awaited a Mazza dish as we talked about school and writing.

"You know," Alex said, sipping a martini, "Tabby might be able to help me to write something I've always thought about, but never known enough to write on - the textile industry in the 1800s and 1900s. You know, Triangle Shirtwaist fire, all that sort of thing. Not the incident itself, but something based on it."

"I'd love that!" Tabby said. 

"I could probably help you with some of the industrial side of it. I seem to get mainly stuck doing military stuff, but I've read up on that side of things," I added.

"Well, success to crime, then," Alex said, and we all tipped our glasses at each other.

By the time we got back to my apartment, it was getting pretty late. I half expected it to be a perfunctory glass of wine and then everyone taking off. But Tabby made some reference  about a point in Wondrous Worlds, and she and Alex got into a friendly argument about a point in the book.

"Gordo, you got a copy of it here? You admitted you liked it. You keep it stashed under your pillow?" Alex snorted.

"It's in my office, on the bookshelf," I said primly.

"Okay," Tabby said. "Now we'll see who's right. I'll bet you anything that you killed the Telemachus-like character off in Book I, not Book II."

"Really?" Alex said as they went down the hall.

I turned on the TV; this debate was probably going to take a while. I started watching the evening news and must have dozed, because Jay Leno was doing his monologue when I realized that I couldn't hear either of them talking. Had they left?

I discovered they had not when I walked down the hallway and got as far as the guest bedroom. They were naked and in a 69 position on my bed, having peeled the bedspread, and their clothes, off at some point. The sounds, sights and faint odor of sex were collectively pretty overwhelming, and I just stood back at the doorway, not sure what to say yet. Both were moaning and exploring each other's perfectly smooth, hairless pussies with their tongues. 

Tabby was on top. "I was wrong," she admitted to me, when she looked up.

"Back to work, Tabby," Alex growled.

"Yes, master," she giggled, and happily resumed tonguing Alex's pussy, which was wet with her juices and Tabby's saliva.

My last totally lucid thought, and even this one is suspect, is that Tabby's naked, sweaty back needed rubbing. Her muscles looked like they were tightening up from all the swiveling and bucking of her hips. I lurched over to take care of this, and decided that I didn't want my shirt and pants to become stained with all the fluids that were covering their bodies, so I stripped to my underwear before joining them on the bed.

I kneeled behind Tabby's ass and began to lightly rub her buttocks and lower back. Soon I felt a hand rubbing my balls through my underwear, and then my cock was being pulled out. Then I felt a mouth enveloping my cock, and I began to rub Tabby's back hard, my cock moving in and out of the waiting mouth as I moved my hands up and down on her back.

"Ahhh," she said. "That feels divine. But I don't feel anything on my pussy anymore." Just then I felt a hand on my cock, which was directing it in lazy circles around something wet, and warm, and slick. "Ohhh, now I do."

I began to push forward slightly, and Tabby tensed slightly. "Oh, cousin, is that you?"

I stopped. "Do you want it?"

"Oh, yeah. Don't stop now."

I slid into her tight pussy, and we settled into a slow rhythm. Alex put her hands in my underwear and began to rub my balls. "I'm not going to last like this; I'm going to come," I grunted.

"Come in meee," Tabby moaned as she arched her buttocks back at me, pushing me even farther in. I wanted to start thrusting hard, but I didn't want to hurt Alex, so I gripped Tabby by the hips so hard she started to cry out, and then I was shooting into her. I thought it would never end. And then I managed to roll off without hitting Alex in the face, and just lay there for a moment. My semen was drooling out of Tabby's slit, and Alex was lapping it up. I was taking my underwear off when they both came furiously, thrashing around and moaning. They lay down side by side, and I crawled up between them. They were panting, exhausted, and my cock wasn't going to be doing anything for the next few minutes, despite the fact that they both put hands on my legs and started rubbing inside my thighs and on my balls.

"Never debate a book with its author, Tabby," Alex said contentedly as I started to draw lazy circles on Alex's breasts.

"Well, I was confused because the Telemachus clone wasn't supposed to be alive by that part of the story."

"This afternoon you were my biggest fan, and now you're telling me I don't know how to write?" Alex laughed, and reached over to swat at Tabby.

Tabby reached back over my crotch to slap Alex on the ass. "No, I think you just had a thing for Telemachus."

The girls began to playfully fight with each other, with me in the middle. I put my hands over my crotch defensively, and Tabby giggled. "I think he's a lover, not a fighter."

"He is that," Alex agreed, kissing me on the lips.

"Well, I guess it's your turn with him," Tabby said. She sat up and pulled my hand away and replaced it with hers. "I think he's almost ready again."

"You can have him again. My pussy is a little sore from last night."

Tabby looked at her and then me. "You? After you left me?" she laughed nervously.

I looked at her, hoping she wasn't going to get angry. She still had her hand on my balls.

Alex sat up and started kissing Tabby, starting with her mouth and working her way down. "I came back here after the party to get away from some man. Gordon didn't know I was going to be here. But he started telling me about what it was like with you. You were so fucking hot," she said. Thank you, Alex, I thought as Tabby straddled me and started rubbing on my cock with her pussy.

Alex, meanwhile, positioned her pussy on my face. "Gentle, Gordon," she said. "Not like last night. Tabby, you should have seen us. You got him so worked up, and I was so hot after he told me about it, that I let him get on top of me and just - start pounding my poor pussy. Oh, god, I came three times," she said. I heard kissing sounds, and I could feel Alex's hand near my groin as she began to work a finger into Tabby's dripping slit.

Tabby was balancing herself by putting her hands on Alex's breasts, from the feel of things and the moans Alex began to make. Nothing makes Alex more vocal than playing with her breasts. I didn't know how much truth there was to her pussy being sore, but I played it safe and gently licked it. She ground down on my face slowly, and I pushed my tongue in her as far as it would go.

I was hearing more kissing and sucking sounds upstairs, and Tabby was rocking me into her dripping pussy. We began to go at it again, slowly. Alex was pleasuring herself with my tongue, and Tabby was milking my cock with her hot, tight pussy. There were hands on my chest and hips. My hands were on Tabby's thighs. I began to lose track of who was doing what to who as we picked up the pace, and I couldn't see anything anyway. The last thing I remember was shooting into Tabby's pussy as she slowed down and her legs shook.

"Damn girl, you made him pass out," I could hear Alex saying when I came to.

"I think it was lack of oxygen, actually," Tabby said. They were cuddling with each other, and Tabby's back was to me.

"Anyone ready for a shower?" I asked. "Sorry, my shower's not big enough for three, but ladies first."

"We'll let you go first," Tabby said. "We may use up all your hot water."