 I was casually cruising down the interstate when the phone interrupted. Another 20 miles and I'd be at the race track for and a weekend of NASCAR. This was no time for me to get called into work. I really didn't want to answer. I had nearly $900 dollars tied up in this weekend and really was looking forward to having a good time. But, as a Department of Defense employee It's my job to support my country so I answered. "Jim Beam, how can I help you?" 

"Hi Jimmy. Its Gwen."

"Gwen?"

"Yea Gwen Walters"

Gwendolyn Walters is the Governor's wife. We have had a few good times at the club in resent months. She has a somewhat average but firm body, short blond saloon styled hair, an intoxicating smile and body language that spells "Fuck Me". She is into the light S&M thing that runs it's course in the basement of the club and Its been my pleasure to help her.

"Sorry Gwen. Thought you were someone from work! What's up?"

"Well I'm getting a bit of a tea party together for Wednesday afternoon and we were wondering if you could brighten up the atmosphere?"

"I'm off so I can make it but I'd have to check with Sally. She has a morning business meeting."

"Oh no honey! Sally would put a big damper on our plans. You know what I mean?"

"Ok Gwendolen! No Sally!"

"Dress is casual. Summer home around 3?"

"Sounds good."

"Bye Jimmy. See you Wednesday!

The racing was great but I couldn't get Gwendolen off my mind all weekend. A bit of a tea party? My wife not invited? She was up to something! Well now that I'm in the driveway it won't be long before I find out. A Mercedes, a Lexus and yes Gwen's red Jag, guess my Subaru is going to degrade this "little tea party".

The maid greeted me at the door and ushered me down the hall to the sun room in the back. Three ladies were casually sitting around the room. Our entrance obviously interrupted the conversation.   To my left was a nice looking blond with beautiful legs that barely disappeared under the hemline of her short skirt. Her silk blouse draped low and laid wide reveling the sides of a firm pair of un-haltered Cs. Her dark brown aureoles were clearly visible through the shear material. She shifted uncomfortably and a slight blush came to her face as she noticed me looking her over.

Straight ahead, with the bright sun behind her was a voluptuous brunette. Her soft sweater stretched tantalizingly across a pair of haltered double Ds. A slight smile crossed her radiant face as my gaze drifted down to her loose flowing skirt, hiked high, revealing the ends of a pair of white hold- ups for her red nylons.

The third woman was Gwendolen. She sported a nearly transparent lace blouse and a tight short skirt. Everything about this average looking but firm 35 year old said "Fuck me".

"Thank you Maria. That will be all for now."

"Yes Ma am"

"Ladies this is Jimmy. As I've been telling you he's the best – head -- I've ever had!"

"Gwendolen-------------???????"

"It's ok Jimmy. These are my friends--best friends. We share everything don't we girls? "

Again the blond nervously shifted in the wide wicker chair. As she crossed her legs I gasp as it became nearly obvious that she didn't wear panties. This time that shy little girl blush didn't fool me. She was hot as a fire cracker.

The brunette wasn't going to be out done by a simple snatch flash. She grabbed the hem of her skirt and while staring directly into my eyes she slowly slid it back until I raised my eyebrows confirming that she had gone far enough.

"Jimmy, This is Allison. Don't let her school girl shyness fool you. She has fucked the balls off some really big bulls. And, this is Wanda. She loves to suck cocks better than kucking."

"Hi ladies. Nice to meet you. And Gwendolen, what am I doing at this tea party?"

"Honey, you're the entertainment!"

"Well girls what do you like?"

Wanda started "Allison wants her pussy ate."

Allison continued "I'd like to see a little skin before you dive in."

Gwen added "Lets strip him girls!"

They all stood up and surrounded me like wolves. In seconds I was stripped down to my socks. Gwen held me from behind and rubbed my nipples, Allison kissed and fondled my balls while Wanda stroked my cock.

Gwen backed off then offered "Not yet girls. Let Jimmy show you his talent."

Allison stood up, hiked up her skirt and plopped down in the chair. As I suspected from the previous glimpse she was shaven smooth. Her tight lipped pussy was raised high and ready for my eager tongue. I pulled my cock out of Wands's hand and dropped to my knees in front of Allison. I kissed her smooth mound and lapped at her tightly closed lips until I was interrupted by Wanda sliding her head between my legs.

She had removed her sweater. Her massive breasts were mounding from the upper edge of a white basque. At first I though she was going to suck me off but she forced her way under until my cock was wedged in her cleavage.

Although I've shot my load on may a pair this would be the fist time I ever fucked a pair. As I started fucking Wanda's tits I returned to licking Allison's pussy. As I licked my way down her lips I could taste her delicious juices. As I got her outer lips wet they opened and I slid my tongue in between just enough to tease her. I worked my way from the very bottom up to her clit. She was bucking wildly when I realized Gwen was not going to stand back and watch.

Gwen started licking my balls. It felt so good but to let her do it I had to stop fucking Wanda's tits. I found a good position and let Gwen do her thing. Wanda cooperated by pushing her basque down, holding her breasts tightly around my shaft and wrapping its head with her lips. 

I used my mouth to force Allison's pussy open and drove my tongue deep into her hot pussy. She pushed down and forced her clit into my lips. I got the message and sucked hard while I flicked her clit with my tongue. Allison grabbed the back of my head and held it tight while she raised her hips smashing her pussy into my face so tight I couldn't breath. Wow what a way to go! Suffocate in pussy while getting my balls licked and titty fucking a big pair. 

Well it wasn't to be. Allison pushed my head back, screaming, "Watch! Watch me cum!" With that her cum sprayed from her cunt, like a water fountain. It splattered on my chin and ran down dripped all over Wanda's breasts.

Gwen quit licking and Wanda let her tits go. I got cheated so I backed up and licked every drop from Wanda's tits. She let me finish licking up Allison's cum and then pushed my head down to her pussy. Unlike Allison, Wanda's lips gaped open giving me full access to her delicious womanhood. I sucked each fold of soft meat into my mouth and rolled my tongue over every morsel. Wanda moaned with pleasure and when she was ready, I drove my tongue deep into her cunt as she emptied her load into my mouth. It took me ten more minutes to clean up and the girls let me get every last drop.

Gwen pulled me off and as I raised up she whispered in my ear "Fuck me." She leaned out over the glass coffee table and as she did the short skirt slid up over her ass. That's my favorite view of a woman. Her baseball sized pussy mound pushed her thighs apart and begged for my cock. I mounted her like a stud horse and began to fuck her. However, the girls had other ideas.

Allison and Gwen slipped a leather harness under Gwen and buckled several straps so tightly behind my ass that I couldn't move. My cock was deep inside Gwen and neither her nor I could move. Wanda took my hand and pushed my finger to Gwen's clit.

"Make her cum! Finger her clit until she cums."

I slid my finger under the hood and teased her clit. My cock throbbed like it had a heart of its own. As I diddled, her cunt rippled up and down my cock. From behind Wanda and Allison were licking and sucking my balls. I have heard of women who gave muscle fucks and if this is what they were talking about I wanted more. Gwen's pussy suddenly relaxed and my cock was just hanging in her meat. Then I felt it. Gwen's cum flowed over my cock like a warm shower. 

As Gwen's orgasm subsided, the girls unbuckled the harness and when they did Gwen collapsed. Wanda, who had shed her basque, helped Gwen to the floor then positioned herself, tits up, on the coffee table. With both hands she pushed her breasts together then, offered "Your turn honey" I straddled the table and laid my cock gently between her breasts. Gwen and Allison each rubbed my cock with KY Jelly taking a few extra strokes before Gwen closed the cleavage tight. Let me tell you fucking a woman's tits is not as easy as fucking pussy. Slowly I got the rhythm and when I shot my load to the cheers of all three women It was the most satisfying thing I've ever done.

We were all casually sitting in the sun room when Gwen called Maria to bring the tea. There were only three cups. The girls said good-bye as Maria ushered me back to the front door. On the way she handed me an envelop. In the car I opened it to find $1000.

"When's the next tea party ladies?"