 Prelude

It's not necessary to read chapters 1 and 2 before this one, but you'll probably appreciate the story more if you do.

* * * * *

Isabel parked her car near Mike's flat and walked the short distance to his front door. She was looking forward to another night of rampant sex with him and Dan, just like she'd enjoyed every weekend for several weeks now. She knocked on the door. Much to her surprise, it was opened by a petit redhead.

"Oh, erm, is Mike in?"

"Er, yes."

The redhead stood aside to let her in, just as Mike appeared from the kitchen.

"Ah, Isabel, you're here. Come on in. Isabel, this is Wendy - Wendy meet Isabel."

The two girls eyed each other suspiciously as they shook hands.

"Come on through to the kitchen and meet the others."

Others? What others? She hadn't been expecting anyone else apart from Dan and her hopes for a good fucking were fading rapidly.

Mike led her into the kitchen. "Isabel, I'd like you to meet ..."

"Steve! And Tim! What the hell are you two doing here?"

"You guys know each other already?"

Everyone turned towards Isabel. "Er, yes. When I was on that dating site, where I met you and Dan, I also had a couple of dates with Steve and Tim too - just drinks in the pub - it never went anywhere."

"Hopefully, we'll fix that problem tonight," muttered Steve under his breath. Dan, who was the only one who heard him, gave him a kick.

"Well, this is a small world," exclaimed Mike. "The four of us were at school together. Anyway, can I get you a drink - your usual?"

"Yes, please."

Mike poured a glass of white wine for Isabel and topped up Wendy's glass. "Help yourself to more beer guys."

The six of them stood in the kitchen, exchanging small talk and laughing about Isabel already knowing Steve and Tim.

"Come on, the second half's already started," Tim cried out. He and Dan grabbed their beers and rushed out of the kitchen, followed a few seconds later by Steve, who dragged Wendy along after him.

"Second half of what?" enquired Isabel.

"Oh, football. There's some match or other on TV - doesn't really interest me but those four are football-crazy - even Wendy."

Isabel nodded.

"Hey, I've got those pics here that I mentioned last week." He reached for a shoebox, opened it and pulled out a pile of photos.

Isabel thumbed through them with Mike looking over her shoulder.

"That's Dan and me, 'bout five years ago."

Isabel laughed. "Like the hairstyles! Who's the girl?"

"Oh, she was one of Dan's girlfriends - quite good in bed - but not as good as you."

Isabel laughed again. "So you fucked each other's girlfriends even then!"

"Yea. Could do with a good fuck now too." Mike's hand crept up and squeezed her tit. She hadn't put a bra on, since it would normally have only been ripped off within seconds of her arrival. "Uhm - nice. Come on. Let's go to the bedroom for a quickie."

"What? We can't do that - not with all these people here!"

"No need to worry about them - they're glued to the TV for at least another forty minutes - probably longer since from what I gather it's likely to go into extra time. I'll be quick and quiet. We'll leave the light off too."

She wasn't convinced, but Mike's hand on her tit was having the desired effect. The truth was that she had been looking forward to a good fucking and needed it as much as he did. He took the photos out of her hand, put them back in the box and led her quietly across the hall into his bedroom, shutting the door behind them. Once there, they both undressed in the dark and climbed onto the bed in silence.

Mike spent a few minutes squeezing and sucking her tits before opening her legs so that he could finger her. When she started moaning, he climbed on top and eased his cock slowly into her.

Isabel sighed. "Oh, Mike, that's lovely. Give it to me hard and deep and make me come. I've been waiting all day for this."

He started pumping, slowly at first, before gradually increasing the pace.

Isabel jerked her head round to the left when she heard the giggle. Oh, my god! There's someone else in the room! Her eyes were gradually becoming accustomed to the dark and she could just about make out another couple. The man was sitting on a chair in the corner of the room and the girl was bouncing up and down on his lap while he mauled her tits. Oh, my god!

Isabel tapped Mike on the shoulder. "Mike, Mike - there are other people in the room!" But Mike was busy and wasn't listening. She prodded him frantically. "Mike, there's another couple in the room! Get off me."

"Happens sometimes, don't worry about it."

"What? Oh, my god!" She prodded him again, but there was no way he was stopping now. Resigned to her fate, she lay back on the pillow and watched the other couple. Must be Wendy and Steve. They must have gone straight to the bedroom instead of following Dan and Tim to the lounge. All thoughts of any sort of orgasm for her had now completely evaporated.

But not for Mike. A few minutes later, he grunted and increased his pace. "Yes, oh Christ, yes." Cum spewed out of his cock into Isabel. "Arrrrghhhh, yes, aaaarrrrrghhh." When he'd finished, he rolled off her and lay on the bed beside her.

The other couple were close too. "Give it to me, Steve - pump that cum right up my cunt." Steve let go of Wendy's tits and grabbed hold of her waist to help pump her up and down.

"Arrrrrgh, Wendy, I'm coming. Aaaaarrrrrggghhh, yes." Steve emptied his balls and slumped back in the chair. "Christ, Wendy, you're a good fuck."

Everything was now quiet. Isabel looked in Mike's direction to see what he was doing, but couldn't really see anything; it was too dark on their side of room. She looked over at Steve and Wendy who were giggling about something or other. Eventually, Wendy slid off Steve's lap.

"Has anyone got a tissue - I don't want to get cum all over Mike's carpet."

"I'll get some," Mike replied. He jumped off the bed, walked round to Isabel's side and grabbed a box of tissues from the bedside cabinet. "Here y'are."

Isabel watched Mike, Wendy and Steve as they stood there laughing and wiping away cum from between their legs. This is surreal, she thought. She lay back on the pillow and closed her eyes. A few months ago, I was strictly a one-man girl and would never have dreamt of being involved in anything like this and now ... Well, what would my Mum and Dad have thought!

She felt the bed move as Mike climbed back beside her. Opening her eyes again, she looked over to Steve and Wendy. Despite the near darkness, she could see that Wendy was back on Steve's lap, playing with his cock and he was mauling her tits. It didn't take long before he was hard again. Wendy shuffled forward and lowered herself down onto him. They were at it again.

Isabel's initial embarrassment had now faded and she found the scene strangely fascinating. She'd never seen another couple fucking before and although she couldn't see an awful lot, much to her surprise, she realised she was becoming excited by the experience. She reached out towards Mike and felt for his cock. He was stoking it slowly and it was hard again. She pulled him towards her; she still needed that orgasm that had eluded her earlier. He rolled on top and pushed his cock in.

"Ah, Isabel, I've wanted to fuck you every since I first set eyes on you."

"What?" Oh, my god! It was Steve, not Mike. The men must have switched places when they were sorting out the tissues. "Oh, my god! Steve, get off me!"

But there was no way Steve was going to do that until he'd emptied his balls. For the second time that evening, she lay back on the pillow, resigned to her fate. Oh, my god!

Steve was now pumping away on top of her, while she just lay there with her legs apart and her mind working overtime. He slowed down and brought his hand up to feel her tits.

"I need to see your tits." He reached up, stretched over her shoulder and felt for the bedside lamp. There was a click and the room was bathed in light.

At the other side of the room, Mike and Wendy groaned in unison. "Did you have to do that?"

"Wow, Isabel - you've got great tits - nice and large!" Steve resumed his pumping, with one hand mauling her tits.

Isabel looked over to Mike and Wendy, now clearly visible with the light on. She could see Mike's cock disappearing and reappearing as Wendy bounced away on it. Mike was now sucking her tits.

"Mike, I'm close; keep going. Suck my tits and make me come."

Isabel wanted to come too, but somehow Steve's action wasn't doing an awful lot for her. Maybe it was the situation, she thought, although watching the other couple was highly erotic. She closed her eyes again.

Steve stopped mauling her tits and hooked both hands under her body. "Isabel, I'm coming. Oh, Christ, yes." He increased his pace and cried out again as he reached his peak. "Oh, Christ. Aaaarggggh, yes, oh, Christ." For the second time that night, Isabel received a load of sticky white cum and for the second time that night, it did nothing for her. She lay there frustrated, with her eyes still closed as Steve slid down off the bed. But within seconds, much to her surprise, he was back, pushing his cock into her again. She opened her eyes just as the end of Dan's extra long cock hit her cervix.

"Dan! Oh, my god! It's you!"

"The game's finished, so I thought I'd join the fun." He started thrusting, making sure to ram his cock right in each time, just as she liked it. Steve, having had his turn, left the room in search of a beer.

"Oh, Dan, I need to come. Make me come please."

He laughed. "You need a real man."

"I do! Fuck me hard and fast - make me come."

Dan had fucked her many times before and knew just what she liked. He knew how to adjust his pace, how to hold her and when to squeeze her tits. He was determined to give her a really strong orgasm.

At the other side of the room, Wendy cried out as she climaxed. "Fuck, yes, Mike, aaarrrrghhhhh, yes, Mike, oh, fuck. Give me your cum, give it to me!" Mike was holding her hips and was pumping away. He too was there and he started grunting as his cum joined Steve's in her cunt.

Isabel watched them as they both came. It was the most erotic thing she'd ever seen and she felt that familiar burning feeling starting deep inside her. After two false starts, this was going to be the big one, she just knew it.

"Dan, fuck me hard - I'm nearly there already; fuck me." She closed her eyes tightly and grabbed hold of the rungs on the bed head for support.

Dan propped himself up on his elbows and continued his thrusting. Suddenly, Isabel felt a mouth on her right tit and then another one on her left. She opened her eyes and looked down. Mike and Wendy! Oh, my god! A woman was sucking one of her tits! She'd never done anything like that before, but it felt good. She closed her eyes again. She was very close. With Dan pumping away and both her tits being sucked, it wasn't going to take long.

Dan was now thrusting more slowly, but grinding his cock against her cervix with each thrust. He was sort of twisting his body as if to make sure that every part of her cunt was properly serviced. She started to shake as the fireworks inside her went off. 

"Oh yes, oh, my god, yes, aaaarrrrrgghhhhhh."

Dan recognised the signs. He'd seen her in this state only a couple of times before. It was no ordinary orgasm; she was in another world. He pumped away as hard as he could. Isabel's eyes were screwed shut and the knuckles of her fingers were clamped round the bed head so tightly that they were white. She was gasping and stuttering, trying to say something, but she was totally incomprehensible.

Dan couldn't hold out any longer and came. "Arrrrgghhhh, Isabel, aarrrgh, yes!" He pumped her full of cum, but when he'd finished, he kept thrusting since she was still on cloud nine. He needed to keep going until she was satisfied.

He felt a tap on his shoulder and looked round to see Tim standing there, his cock ready. Dan slipped out and was quickly replaced by Tim. Isabel was so far gone, she didn't even notice the switch.

A few minutes later, the door opened and Steve appeared with a beer in his hand. "That's a good idea," said Dan and he disappeared towards the kitchen in search of a beer, followed by Wendy and Mike, who had by then stopped sucking Isabel's tits. Steve went with them, leaving Tim alone with Isabel.

Isabel was still gasping and groaning as Tim pumped away between her legs, but she was now aware that something was different. She opened her eyes and was surprised to see it was Tim who was now fucking her. She closed her eyes again. Tim's cock was stretching her cunt like Mike's usually did and was ramming into the end of her cunt like Dan's usually did. And unlike Steve, he seemed to know what he was doing too.

"Aaaarrrghhh, yes, oh, Christ. Fill me with your cum."

Tim had been holding back for her sake and didn't need any further encouragement. He unleashed a torrent of cum that was forced out of her cunt each time his cock thrust back in. The insides of Isabel's thighs were now soaked with the cum from all four men. Eventually, she calmed down and Tim slowed his thrusting gradually until he came to a complete stop. He lay on top of her, stroking her hair.

"You're fabulous - the girl of my dreams. I hope you didn't mind me taking over from Dan. I just love your perfume too. You're simply irresistible." He lay on lop of her, supporting his weight on his elbows and looking lovingly into her eyes. As he did so, he continued to stroke her hair and neck.

Isabel lay there thinking about the situation. She looked at him. He seemed really sweet. She wasn't used to men continuing to caress her after they'd come.

Tim continued: "You know something - I was gutted when you cancelled that third date and making love to you tonight has been really special for me. Something I never believed I'd ever do, even in my wildest dreams."

She could tell by the look on his face that he meant what he had said. She thought of Steve who had just wanted to get himself off in her cunt as quickly as possible. That would be Steve's one and only time, she decided, but Tim - well he could come back any time.

Tim pulled out and rolled off her to her side: "Well, say something!"

Isabel turned onto her side to face him. "Erm, well, it was pure chance, the way things worked out that led me to cancel our third date." She explained what had happened and he laughed. 

"Those two randy sods know every trick in the book to get girls into bed."

"And you don't?"

"Erm, not really. I'm not very successful, not with my problem."

"What problem's that?"

"Didn't you notice? When most girls see the size of the thing, they freak out and refuse to let me fuck them."

Isabel looked down. "Oh, my god! Have I just had that monster up me?" It was rock hard again and as long as Dan's and as thick as Mike's.

"See what I mean?"

"Yes, but it seemed fine to me. What about Wendy?"

"Well, she does let me fuck her occasionally, but only after Steve has loosened her up."

Isabel laughed. "I think I've been well and truly loosened up this evening, so I'm ready again when you are."

"Yea? Fantastic! How about from behind?"

"Sounds good."

Isabel turned over and knelt on the bed with her legs apart. Tim shuffled round behind her and aimed his cock at her hole. He pushed himself slowly in.

"Yes! Fuck me - slowly to start with and then give it to me hard and fast." She'd found the cock of her dreams - it was as fat as Mike's and as long as Dan's and what's more, the owner knew what to do with it.

Tim started thrusting.

"Deeper!"

"I don't want to hurt you."

"Just do it - as deep as it will go."

He was now holding her hips and thrusting slowly but deeply.

"Oh, yes, Tim, that feels incredible." Tim thought so too.

After a bit, he pushed her down onto her stomach. He looked down - his cock was buried deep between her legs. He pressed her legs together with his knees and resumed thrusting. The position was really tight.

"Oh, Christ, Tim, I love it. Fuck me deep and hard."

Tim was now thrusting flat out and after a few minutes, Isabel was getting close again.

"Make me come; Tim, make me come."

Tim groaned. His cock was buried in the girl of his dreams and she wanted him to make her come. He was close himself, but he needed to hold out until she was there too. He slowed down slightly.

"Christ, don't stop. Arrrggghhhh, yes, oh god! Aaaaarggggh, yes." Isabel had reached her peak and Tim could now let go too.

"Isabel, I'm coming. Oh, Christ, yes, aaaarrrrghhhh, yes." Once again he pumped her full of cum. He kept thrusting slowly as she came down from her orgasm and afterwards the two of them just lay there panting.

"You'll have to get off me, I'm afraid. You're making my back hurt."

"Oh, I'm sorry." He pulled out and slid off to her side.

"You're something else, Isabel. That was fabulous."

"We need to try it when I've not been loosened up by other men first. See if it still fits, though I'm sure it will."

"Just say where and when and I'll be there!"

Isabel laughed and they lay there chatting for a few minutes before deciding to see what the others were doing. They got up and walked across the hall to the kitchen.

Wendy was leaning over the counter with Dan rutting into her from behind. Mike was in front of her sitting on the counter having his cock serviced orally. Meanwhile, Steve was stroking his cock, waiting for his turn.

Steve looked at Isabel and Tim. "You've taken your time. Are you joining in?"

"I'm done for tonight. I came expecting to be fucked by two men but I've ended up having four. Never done that before."

"But the night's young and I could do with another fuck," said Steve.

"I'm sure Wendy will oblige." If any of them were going to fuck her again that night, it certainly wouldn't be Steve, she thought. She sat down on a vacant chair and picked up her half-finished glass of wine. Steve just stood there looking upset and lost, gently stroking his hard cock. Dan noticed and slipped out of Wendy.

"Here, Steve, have a turn in your girlfriend." He stepped aside and Steve took his place.

"I'm going to go and get dressed," said Tim. "I've got an early start tomorrow - been invited over to my brother's for Sunday lunch." He turned and disappeared back to Mike's bedroom. Once he was dressed, he returned to the kitchen.

"Oh, Christ, Wendy, I'm coming. Arrrggghhh, yes. Aaaarggggh," Steve slumped down on Wendy's back before pulling out. Dan immediately shoved his cock back into the hole vacated by Steve.

"Okay, guys, I'm off now." Tim walked over to Isabel, gave her a peck on the cheek and waved to the other three.

The three men said "Bye," but Wendy had her mouth full and couldn't say anything. Isabel started to say something, but changed her mind and just muttered: "See you again, hopefully."

After Tim had left, Isabel continued sitting there, half-watching the other three, but she was lost in her thoughts - Tim had gone, would she ever see him again? He seemed to be a really nice caring guy.

Eventually, the three men had no more cum left for Wendy, so they decided to call it a night. After Steve and Wendy had gone home, Isabel curled up in Mike's bed with her two boyfriends beside her. They were soon all fast asleep.

The next day, Dan and Mike took turns with her for most of the day, as usual. When she went home that evening, she had been well and truly fucked and was looking forward to a good night's sleep.

* * * * *

The following weekend, Isabel was feeling especially fruity. She hadn't seen Mike since Tuesday and Dan had been the last one to fuck her on Thursday. They'd asked her to wear her short red dress - the one they both liked her to wear when they fucked her in a public place. She arrived at Dan's flat and knocked on the door.
