 Amanda’s first week in upper management held much less sex than she expected after her job interview. She only met a couple senior male managers, and they never went further than a quick grope of her buttocks. One day her desktop image changed to a close-up of her sperm-coated face, lips wrapped around Macon’s prick. She left it there, since she had her own office, and no one else used her computer. Anyway, it was a pretty good photo.

On the morning of her first big meeting, Macon’s secretary knocked on her door and entered. Sue was a young, pretty girl, and Amanda was sure Macon had his hooks in her, because she was always dressed in short, tight clothes. Sue walked around to Amanda’s side of the desk and sat on the corner. She only glanced once at the pornographic image on the computer monitor.

“Mr Macon sent me to brief you on protocol for today’s meeting, Ms Davidson,” she began. “At the beginning of the meeting you will meet the senior management team. They will have their cocks hanging out, and you are expected to suck each of them in and out, just once. When you’re done, the meeting will proceed as normal.”

She paused to register Amanda’s reaction, but all she got was a poker face. “Once business has been completed,” Sue continued, “You will give each man present a blow job, but be ready for more; sometimes the men have trouble controlling themselves.” With a mischievous grin she added, “So do the girls, occasionally.” Amanda wondered if an oral gangbang would turn her into a wild thing. Probably not, she thought.

Sue finished the briefing with a few words of advice. “I wouldn’t bother wearing too much makeup. Not that you really need it.” Amanda felt herself blush. “In fact, if you want I can give you some smudge-proof lipstick.”

“OK, sure,” said Amanda. “Let’s go to the executive washroom.”

Once inside the bathroom, Sue laid out a beauty kit ranging from makeup to shaving gear and tweezers. She selected three lipsticks and presented them to Amanda to pick a shade. Once Amanda had chosen, Sue applied it. She was leaning back against the sink, with Amanda standing between her legs, her mouth pouting a little with concentration. To Amanda’s surprise she found Sue’s sweet breath intoxicating.

“There,” Sue said, “That shouldn’t smudge, no matter what.” She rubbed a fingertip along Amanda’s lips, for a bit longer than necessary, Amanda thought. Amanda was wondering how to gauge exactly how Sue felt, when Sue moved around behind her, and made her gasp by squeezing her breasts together.

“These feel nice and pert, Ms Davidson. If you wanted you could get away with not wearing a bra.” She raised her eyebrows interrogatively at Amanda in the mirror. Amanda smiled shyly at the complement, and finally nodded her agreement. Sue’s fingers crept to the jacket buttons, and as the jacket slid off her arms Amanda undid her blouse. She slipped it back off her shoulders and turned to face Sue, and leaned back on the sink. Sue stepped forward, pressing into Amanda’s soft breasts, and gazed into her eyes as she unclasped her bra behind her.

Amanda’s lips began to form a kiss, just as Sue stepped back, and ran her fingertips languorously over Amanda’s tits as she dragged the bra down her body. Amanda put her head back, sighed and closed her eyes. She felt her knees go weak. Sue was standing close to her again, with her hands on Amanda’s hips, rubbing gently in little circles.

“So,” Sue whispered, looking down at her hands, “How are you down there? Is everything presentable?” She began to inch the tight skirt upwards. Amanda thought she was going to faint with anticipation. She was on the point of grabbing Sue and kissing her luscious mouth, when Sue looked at her and said quizzically, “Pantyhose, Ms Davidson? I think the men would prefer stockings.”

“I didn’t know it would matter when I dressed,” replied Amanda.

“Never mind. Why don’t you wear mine?”

As Amanda nodded dumbly, Sue kicked off her shoes and began to roll down her stockings. Tearing her eyes away from Sue’s buttocks straining in her short, tight skirt, Amanda slipped off her pantyhose. After a moment’s thought she took off her blue cotton hipster briefs.

“I could lend you my thong if you want,” Sue said, bending to pick up the discarded panties. She stood up again and hiked up her skirt to expose a very sheer black lace number. Amanda gaped. “Uh, no. I thought I might as well not wear any underwear at all…”

Sue smiled, and looked down at the damp patch on the panties in her hand. She dropped to her knees, and gently lifted Amanda’s left foot, rolling the stocking up it. At the top, as her palms pressed the elastic top of the stocking up Amanda’s thigh, her fingertips just grazed over Amanda’s pussy. Amanda gasped, and shuddered. Sue took the other stocking and began rolling it slowly up Amanda’s right leg, slowly running her hands up Amanda’s thigh, then bending forward to kiss up from the inside of her knee.

Soon Sue was planting little kisses along Amanda’s pussy lips, her hands clinging to the back of Amanda’s thighs, gently massaging up and down. Again Amanda went weak at the knees, and this time her legs buckled. Gently pushing Sue away, she staggered across the small room to sit on the toilet. Sue crawled after her, pushed her knees apart and resumed her oral ministrations.

Amanda leaned back and sighed as Sue’s strong slippery tongue danced delicately over her labia. She used the soft flat surface for broad, gentle strokes, and probed the tip into every little fold of skin. Amanda felt Sue’s fingers creeping along her thighs, and eventually one began inscribing slow circles over her pussy. As it slipped over the lip and entered her, Sue began to lap at her clitoris, and Amanda felt herself begin an intense orgasm.

When the earth stopped shaking, Amanda looked down at Sue’s drenched face, licking up her perineum, while one thumb lazily stroked her clit. Just as Amanda began to moan again, there was a thumping on the door.

“Um, hang on a minute,” Amanda called as she snatched up her blouse and began to button it.

“I’ve been waiting for fifteen minutes,” came the reply through the door. Amanda’s blouse failed to button straight for the third time in a row. She tore it off again in exasperation and slipped on her jacket. Her nipples were almost painfully hard against the cold lining, but at least it only had three buttons. She glanced over at Sue, sitting on the toilet, legs spread wide, skirt up around her waist, g-string pulled aside, sliding two fingers in and out of herself, her blouse soaked with Amanda’s juices. Amanda walked over and kissed her, tasting herself on Sue’s lips.

“Why don’t you take my blouse, honey?” she offered. “Yours looks a bit wet.” She reached down and scooped up three fingers of Sue’s pussy juice, and licked it up. “Maybe you and I could go halves in a young stud some time,” she said as she opened the door.

The annoyance evaporated from the face of the man outside when he saw Amanda’s dishevelled hair. “Oh, Robert, I’m so sorry,” she gushed. “I was just freshening up for the meeting. I’ll see you there.” Robert said nothing, and as Amanda walked away she thought she heard Sue giggle. She didn’t worry what Robert would think when he found Sue. Pretty soon she’d be sucking his cock anyway.

Three o’clock came, and Amanda presented herself promptly at the conference room door. As it opened she saw the seventeen members of the senior management team standing in groups. She entered, and when the door was shut and locked the room filled with the sound of descending zippers. Amanda unbuttoned her jacket and shrugged it off, handing it to the nearest man to hang up. She slunk sexily over to Macon, bare breasts swaying gently, and he took her hand as she sank gracefully to her knees.

One by one the men were introduced - “This is Howard Anderson, finance,” - and she would look them in the eye, reply, “Pleased to meet you,” or, “It’s a pleasure,” and envelop their cock in her warm mouth, maintaining eye contact. Largely she was sucking old, wrinkly, flaccid organs, but a couple were firmer, and one was young and fully erect.

The committee took its seats once introductions were over. Amanda removed her skirt, hanging it over her chair, and sat down in only her stockings and shoes. The cool leather chair sent shivers through her stomach. There were no apologies, and the meeting moved to the first item on the agenda.

When all business had been concluded, Macon stood, and led Amanda over to a corner of the room. He had her kneel on a cushion, and then produced handcuffs. Before she could protest, Amanda’s left wrist was shackled to her right ankle, and her right wrist to her left ankle. All around the room men were discarding trousers, and the first was standing in front of her holding his tumescent prick against her lips.

She opened her mouth, and let the warm flesh slide over her tongue. It gradually stiffened, but she had to work hard, until finally it was a fully erect five or so inches. She began to bob her head a little, conscious that she could not really exert any control with her hand shackled behind her back. One of the younger men had come over and was playing with her tits, squeezing them together, lifting them to display them to the other men. The one in her mouth liked it – his cock jumped each time the other man squeezed her nipples.

The cock slid smoothly out of her mouth, trailing a string of saliva. Andy, the youngest man there stood before her, his dick bouncing in her face. He grabbed her head, and thrust firmly between her lips, then sawed in and out several times. He pulled out, and Amanda deliberately opened wide, waiting for the cum to splatter across her face. When he finished he dipped back into her mouth quickly, and then let another man take his place.

The first man was back, but before he filled her mouth, Amanda asked, “Would you rather fuck my tits, Gerry?” When she saw his cock twitch, she knew she’d made the right call. Soon he was wrapping his shaft in her ample cleavage. As he got his rhythm going Amanda turned her head to the left, and began to lick at the dick she found there. The man lifted his pole, inviting her to lick his balls. As she licked the stale sweat from between his legs she looked up into Robert’s eyes. He winked at her, and she knew that she was licking up Sue’s juices as well as Robert’s sweat.

It takes time to service seventeen men, and some of them were getting impatient. One had dived between Gerry’s legs to lap at Amanda’s pussy, and when he pronounced her ready she felt herself lifted at the waist to allow a man to slide under her. After a while they adjusted the handcuffs, linking her left arm and leg, so they wouldn’t chafe the chest of the man fucking her.

By the time the third or fourth man was between her legs, the semen was beginning to flow, and everyone in the room, including Amanda, was getting swept up in the horny vibe. After a couple of thrusts, she was lifted again, and she knew just before it happened that he was going to enter her ass. It didn’t take long to get used to it, and then she was pulled back on her haunches to allow another man to penetrate her pussy. As the cocks kept presenting themselves to her mouth, to spray her with cum and be replaced, she gave herself up to the rhythm of the double fucking.

The party was lasting well into the evening. Someone had ordered pizzas, and they let the delivery boy have a piece of Amanda. It didn’t take long, and she actually quite enjoyed having a young man lose control over her. The clock showed quarter past nine, and the men had drunk a bit more than was wise, when Mal advanced on her with a sneer on his face. He stood in front of her, his limp cock hanging right in her face, dangling against her cheek. Obediently she bobbed her head and took his member into her mouth.

“Yeah, suck it, you filthy slut,” he growled. “Ask me for a drink.”

“Mal, if I suck your cock can I drink your cum?” Amanda asked, spitting out his knob. She immediately slurped it back into her mouth.

“Who said anything about cum, bitch,” Mal retorted, and Amanda tasted his piss, filling her mouth.

When she spat him out, he kept pissing on her face. When she opened her mouth to protest he pissed in it, and her objections were choked off. She shut her eyes and screwed up her face, when she heard the sound of a punch landing, and the warm stream stopped. When she cautiously opened her eyes Mal was out cold on his back in a pool of his own urine, and everyone was staring shocked at Lou. Mal groaned and opened his eyes.

“Why’d you do that, asshole?” he asked Lou.

“The lady wasn’t really enjoying it much, dickhead. Don’t you ever pull a stunt like that again, or I’ll break your fucking jaw. Then you can explain it to your wife.”

Mal looked like he was going to argue, but thought better of it, and went to get his clothes. One by one everyone else left, until Amanda was alone with Lou. He unlocked the handcuffs, and helped her stand.

“Now, let’s get you cleaned up,” he said, and helped her down the deserted corridor to the bathroom. He ran the shower, and helped her in, and when she fell he got in with her and washed her tenderly. She kept expecting to feel him touch her pussy, but he only brushed over it as he washed her. He dried her body in silence, and then as he helped her dress he asked, “Is there anyone I can call? A boyfriend, or family member?”

“No,” she replied, “But I don’t want to go home alone.”

“Well, I can take you back to my place, and you can have my bed. I’ll sleep on the sofa.”

They caught a cab to his apartment, and he was a perfect gentleman. Amanda woke late the next morning, realising that she had actually enjoyed most of the previous evening.