 "Hold that elevator!" I called, running through the lobby of the hotel. There was a couple in the elevator; the man reached to hold the door; the woman just stood with an annoyed look. I wondered if it was meant for me, but after the door closed, I saw her direct an annoyed gaze at the other man; who looked down with a frustrated look on his face. A lover's quarrel, perhaps; a quick glance at their hands revealed no wedding rings, though an indentation around his ring finger indicated he was once married, or at least attempting to pass as single.

She was blonde, I'd guess about 30 years old, wearing a black business jacket buttoned half way up her chest. When she leaned a bit to scratch the back of her leg, I could catch a glance at the tops of her large breasts, tightly constrained by a black lace bra. A short black skirt and sheer black stockings completed her ensemble. I felt a slight stirring in my crotch as I wondered if I would find matching lace at the tops of those stockings, or even her panties. She glanced at me with her annoyed expression, and I quickly looked away.

He was wearing a gray business suit and a white dress shirt. He was about my height, six foot tall or so, with light brown hair. As for me, I felt a bit under dressed in my blue jeans and t-shirt; I was on my way up to my room to change for a business dinner in about an hour.

It was a silent ride up the glass elevator until the lights flickered.... A few seconds later they dimmed, and then darkened. An alarm rang in the distance as the elevator stopped. Through the glass walls we could see that the hotel was dark except for the emergency lights. Through the front glass wall of the hotel we could see that the whole city appeared to be dark.

"Just fucking beautiful." He said under his breath, as the woman moaned. I quickly grabbed the emergency phone but got only static.

"Phone's dead-" I said, cut off as she grabbed it from my hand to listen.

"Hello....Hello! Dammit!" she yelled into the receiver. Frustrated, she banged it onto its cradle, then put her head down and sniffled back a few tears. Quietly she turned away from us.

"My name's Dave," I said, looking at the other man.

"I'm Bill, and it looks like we may be here for a while." Bill removed his suit jacket as I glanced over at her.

"That's Becky," Bill replied. "She's apparently not having a good day."

"Oh fuck off." Becky replied, putting her hand out to me as she wiped her eyes. I quickly squeezed it as she darted a glare at Bill.

Bill smiled and tried to slip a hand around Becky's waist, but she quickly slapped it away, and moved back against the wall of the elevator, closing her eyes. 

I turned and looked down below, watching as people wandered in the lobby of the hotel. Every so often someone would look up to us and point. With a wave, I got someone's attention, and watched as the person walked over to the front desk and pointed back up to us in the elevator. Bill joined me in waving, pointing to the phone and shaking his head "no", to try and indicate the emergency phone wasn't working. The front desk person of the hotel finally picked up a phone and made a call, as more alarms began to ring in the building. We watched as the person shrugged their shoulders and put the phone down, and walked off into the back of the room. Bill finally sighed heavily and sat down by Becky, putting his head down. Glancing a bit over I watched as he quietly began to brush a hand along the back of Becky's leg, and up behind her knee. She sighed loudly and stepped away from him.

"One track mind...," I heard her mutter under her breath as she opened her purse and took out a mirror, fixing her makeup in the dim emergency light. Becky looked up at me briefly and cracked a slight smile. I smiled back, and she blushed slightly looking down.

An hour later, help had still not arrived. The emergency lights had dimmed to an orange-yellow shade, and were beginning to flicker. Gradually my eyes adjusted to the dark. I sat, leaning against the side wall of the elevator, looking down at the lobby, where candles provided some light for those milling around. Bill was sitting, head back, and eyes closed opposite me, and sitting against the back wall of the elevator was Becky. She had removed her shoes and was sitting with her arms wrapped around her bent legs. Trying to avert my eyes, but unable to, I noticed the lace tops of her sheer black stockings as her skirt rode quite high up her thigh. 

Becky leaned forward, now kneeling in front of the glass doors. She was looking down towards the lobby.

"Hey check those people out," she said, pointing toward the corner of the lobby. She stood up, and for a brief second I caught a glimpse of her lace panties, which again caused a stir between my legs.

Bill and I stood up behind her. She pointed and we saw a young couple in a dark corner of the lobby. A girl in a denim skirt was quietly kneeling before a young man sitting on a couch; the couch was partially obscured from the rest of the lobby. Bill smiled as we watched the girl's head bobbing up and down over the young man's waist. He leaned his head back and placed a hand on top of the girl's head and arched his hips up.

"Disgusting," Becky said shortly, slapping Bill's hand away as he quietly placed it on her ass. We all continued to watch, however, as the girl continued to suck the man's cock, pausing occasionally to look up to her lover's face.

I felt my erection begin to grow as we watched. Glancing down, I saw the bulge in my jeans. I noticed Becky glancing down at it, and I saw the slight smile again, which turned to a frown as Bill nuzzled against her neck. This time, however she didn't push him away. He slipped his hand back to her ass and squeezed slightly. 

Becky closed her eyes for a moment and whispered "You fucking pig," then opened them again and continued to watch the couple.

The young girl stood up and quickly looked around. She quickly slipped off her panties and sat down on the young man's cock, and wriggled down as he entered her. She began to ride him as he reached around and up under her shirt, squeezing her breasts. I heard shallow breathing next to me and glanced over to see Bill's hand now slipped under the waist of Becky's skirt and down between her legs...she was leaning against the glass as he touched her, watching as the young couple continued to fuck below us. My erection grew harder, as I didn't know what to concentrate on; a pang of jealousy hit me as well. She was mad at him after all, and had smiled at me. Why wasn't I the one pleasuring Becky?

The young girl quickly climbed off the young man and dropped to her knees again, grabbing his cock. A stream of cum shot up and across the girl's face as she leaned over his waist. At that moment I felt Becky's hand squeeze my crotch.

Looking over to Becky I saw her skirt hiked up above her waist. I could see Bill's hand down under her black lace panties, his fingers massaging her pussy. Bill had his cock out of his pants; Becky's right hand was clasped around it, pulling on the shaft. Her left hand was squeezing my stiff erection through my pants. Bill leaned in and quietly whispered in her ear.

"Ohhhh you filthy bastard...," she moaned, and then dropped down to her knees, turning to face us.

I stole one last glance down through the glass. I thought I noticed the young couple looking up at us (perhaps even seeing the young girl point), but my attention was quickly diverted by Becky, who quickly unzipped my pants and released my stiff cock. I moaned as she quickly sucked it into her mouth, her tongue swirling around my thick shaft as the head slipped down her throat. She quickly pulled off it and stroked me as she turned and sucked Bill next. I grew harder and harder as the feeling alternated back and forth between her warm wet mouth and the tug of her hand. She then turned to me and sucked me deep into her throat as Bill kneeled down and unbuttoned her jacket. He unclasped her bra and her large breasts sprang free, her pink nipples already hard. Becky pulled my pants down to my ankles and leaned lower, sucking my balls into her mouth as I moaned. A moan escaped her lips as well as Bill pinched her nipples, kissing the back of her neck as she sucked me.

My knees began to tremble as she sucked me back deep into her throat. I glanced down at her, and our eyes met. The slight smile appeared again, along with the hint of a blush as she stood up to slide her panties off, leaving the skirt hiked around her hips and her thigh high stockings as her only remaining clothes. Bill sat down in front of her and she kneeled, her ass facing me and began to suck him some more.

I leaned lower and slipped my tongue between her pussy lips, licking up and over her clit as she moaned while licking up and down Bill's cock. I leaned closer and sucked her clit into my mouth, feeling it hard and pulsing against my tongue. I felt her thighs begin to tremble as I licked up to her asshole, and then back down to her clit. Her knees began to tremble more, and as I sucked her clit back into my mouth she cried out as the orgasm hit; stifling it by sucking Bill's cock hard into her throat.

"Oohh God," she finally moaned. "Just....hurry...up...and... fuck me." she whispered as her body shook from the orgasm.

I kneeled and slipped a finger into Becky's pussy; she rocked back on it and then moaned as I pressed a thumb against her asshole. She moaned as she sucked Bill, and then cried out as I slipped my thick shaft into her pussy. My balls tightened immediately as I slid between her lips into her warm, wet pussy. She rocked back into me as I thrusted, setting a fast rhythm as I held her hips and she arched her back, stroking Bill's cock as I fucked her. Soon she began to pant as I felt her pussy muscles clench around my cock. She pulled her nipples and squealed as another orgasm hit, her whole body shaking now, goose bumps on her ass and thighs. 

Becky pulled out of me and lay on her side for a moment, before getting up to her knees and pulling me to her. She kissed me deeply, sucking my lower lip a bit. I felt her breasts against my chest as she whispered in my ear "You are soo fucking good." and licked my earlobe before getting up and sitting back down on Bill's cock, facing me with that little smile on her face. 

Bill began to thrust his cock up into her as I stood up, my erection still glistening with her pussy juices. I slipped my cock between Becky's soft breasts as Becky squeezed her mounds around my shaft...I slowly began to thrust upward and fuck her tits as she kept looking at me, our eyes locked on each other as Bill continued to fuck her.

Finally Bill began to moan a bit and thrust harder. He cried out as Becky began to writhe on his cock as he came; shooting his load up and into her. Her eyes never left mine as I continued to thrust my cock up between her tits; Becky leaning her head down from time to time to brush her tongue against my cock head. Finally, I felt my balls began to throb and my knees began to tremble as the orgasm approached. With a loud growl I came, shooting a stream of cum up between Becky's tits and under her chin and neck. She released my throbbing cock from between her tits, took it in her hand and kissed the head, licking a bit of cum from the tip. Her eyes never leaving mine, she quietly rubbed my cum over her soft breasts.

Finally I pulled away from her and I looked down. Apparently the emergency lights having died gave us privacy as no-one was looking up at us. I could see the young couple from before cuddling on the couch. Bill stood up and began to kiss Becky and I turned away, feeling jealous again. She glanced at me again as I quietly began to dress, unsure whether to say anything. Bill helped her put her jacket back on and she had it buttoned when the lights suddenly flashed on, blinding us for a second. The elevator began to move again and I quickly buckled my pants, as Bill dressed quickly as well. Becky gathered up her bra and panties and slipped them into her purse as the elevator stopped on the 10th floor. The door opened and Bill and Becky quietly stepped out. I stared at Becky, part of me hoping she'd pull away from Bill and get back in with me. Instead she just glanced at me one more time, giving me that slight smile; then she walked away.

Later that evening, returning to the hotel from dinner I stepped into the same elevator. As the doors were about to close I heard a couple call out "Hold the elevator please." It took a moment for my memory to click in as the young couple entered. The short denim skirt the young lady was wearing was the tip off. I looked up and the young lady smiled as she quietly leaned against me.

"Great show," she whispered in my ear; her hand slipping down to squeeze my crotch...