 "Jessi, I know you have plans, but I need you to help out right now. Grace is freaking out and I need her to be focused for the meeting tomorrow. You are the only one who can do this," Robert insisted.

"So, I am supposed to drop everything and deal with your sister's son because someone said 'no' to him and now he is upset?" Jessica responded.

"Basically, yes. That is what I need you to do. He has some life-altering situation going on at college that has rocked his world and he's inconsolable at the moment. Grace has spent the better part of two hours trying to make her baby feel better, but nothing has helped. I've had to talk her out of booking the next flight back to Knoxville twice now, and the only way I succeeded was by promising her that you would handle this," Robert explained.

"He is 19 and just starting as a freshman at UT, how big can his problems be?" Jessica challenged.

"Big enough to screw this business deal royally," Robert countered. "I need Grace here in New York for the meeting with the buyers tomorrow morning. This is the best chance we have had to get out from under this business and you know it. Neither of us wanted to inherit the business from Mom and Dad, but they left the damn thing to us after the accident and we are trying to make the best of it. Do what I am telling you to do and get Cameron under control."

"I don't know what to do for him. I didn't want to have kids for a reason, Rob. I never wanted to deal with this kind of stuff," Jessica pouted.

"Just fucking do it," Robert continued in a firmer tone. "The kid has had a crush on you since I married you. Flirt with him. Soothe him. Get his mind off of his troubles. Just handle it - any way you have to! I don't want excuses, we need this to be taken care of right away."

"Crap. All right, I'll go over there. Maybe I can still meet my friends later tonight," Jessica acquiesced. 

"That's more like it. I'll call you after the meeting tomorrow." Robert said as he hurried off of the call.

"Goodbye," Jessica said to dead air.

Jessica was already dressed for a girl's night out and she decided against changing in case she was able to get the brat settled down in time for her to join the group later. "Cam will probably appreciate the outfit anyway," she thought.

She was wearing the sluttiest thing she owned for the night. A very short and tight red cocktail dress with spaghetti straps, a plunging neckline, and a long, brass zipper down back that ended right at her ass. Five-inch red heels, an ankle bracelet, and a pearl necklace completed the well kept but "whorey" housewife look.

As she drove her BMW the 5 miles to her sister-in-law's house, Jessica thought about the circumstances that had caused Grace to raise Cam on her own for most of his life. Grace's husband had done well when he married into the Mallory family. Coming from a blue-collar upbringing, left him in awe of the privileged circumstances of their lives.

Although Grace's father and mother did not initially approve of Grace's choice, their hands were tied when she became pregnant with his baby. Several years later, when Cameron was in junior high school, Grace finally divorced his father after the last of several affairs came to light. Since that time, she had focused all of her attention on Cameron and had, as a result, spoiled him. He had become accustomed to his Mom always coming to his rescue - never allowing him to work his difficulties out on his own.

Cameron was in high school when his uncle, Robert, married Jessica. Jessica was his second wife and 15 years Robert's junior. Now 31, the brunette was a stunner, with a tight body, 34D breasts and an ass that made men turn around for a second look when she passed by. Her deep blue eyes, long blonde hair and ivory skin gave her a striking look, while her strict workout regimen kept her 5'5" body in a size 2. She was the definition of a trophy wife.

Robert met Jessica a year after he had divorced his first wife. Jessica was working as a cocktail waitress at the golf club where he was a member. She was working to pay her way through college, having divorced her first husband several years previously. He was her high school boyfriend and became physically abusive almost immediately after they wed. Determined to be able to take care of herself no matter what, Jessica insisted on finishing college even after she and Robert married. 

Now a partner in a successful mergers and acquisition firm in Knoxville, she was enjoying the second iteration of her adult life. Robert had proven himself to be a loving and attentive husband, for the most part, but had a demanding side to him, particularly when he was stressed. This unattractive trait annoyed Jessica and she would, more often than not, employ passive-aggressive behavior in retaliation.

Arriving at her sister-in-law's house, Jessica stepped out of her Lexus and approached the front door. A few seconds after she rang the doorbell, Cameron opened it with a glum look on his face. As soon as he saw it was his hot aunt, his expression immediately brightened.

"Hi, Aunt Jessica," he greeted. "What are you doing here?"

"Your mom and uncle are worried about you, so they wanted me to stop by to check on you," Jessica explained.

"You didn't have to do that," Cameron said. "But, I'm glad you did. Please come inside."

Jessica stepped inside the large house and followed Cameron toward the family room in the back. The house was oversized for the two people that lived in it. Grace had purchased it shortly after her divorce was finalized and had made it her, and by extension, Cameron's fortress against the outside world. She had focused her attentions on her son to a smothering degree and, as a result, his emotional development had suffered. Everyone in the family expected that now that Cameron was going to college, albeit in his hometown, he would blossom as a man and cut the apron strings his mother had so tightly bound around him.

"So, what's the problem, Cam?" Jessica inquired as she sat in the leather chair across from her nephew.

"I don't really want to talk about it," Cam, answered as he stared at his aunt's legs, which were on display several inches above her knees. "It's too embarrassing."

"But you're not too embarrassed to try to look up my dress, are you?' Jessica thought and then said, "You don't have to worry about being shy with me, Cam. I don't think you could say anything that would shock me or cause me to think badly of you. Come on, tell your aunt Jess."

Moving his gaze from her legs for just a moment, he looked Jessica in the eyes and said, "OK, well... a girl I was going to have sex with today was freaked out by my penis and ran away."

"Oh no, honey, that's terrible! Maybe it was her first time seeing a gown male penis and she just wasn't ready for it," Jessica speculated.

"No, it wasn't her first time," Cameron clarified. "I know she has had sex before. I am the one that is a virgin and I will probably stay that way for the rest of my life now. How am I supposed to get laid when girls can't even stand to look at me?"

Stifling her shock that her good-looking, 6'2" nephew was still a virgin, Jessica did her best to reassure him. "Perhaps she simply changed her mind at the last minute or something like that?"

"No, I'm sure it was me," Cameron insisted. "I've got a freaky penis." With that, he shifted his gaze back to her legs and short dress.

Without thinking, Jessica moved her hand down to her legs and blocked any potential view that Cameron might have had up her dress. In his fragile emotional state, Cameron took the gesture as yet another rejection and he bolted from his chair, rushing to the stairs which led to the basement.

Realizing that she had touched a nerve, Jessica stood up and followed after him, "Cameron, honey, don't be upset. Let me talk to you."

Reaching the bottom of the stairs, she found Cameron sitting in an overstuffed chair in front of a 90" flatscreen TV. The entire basement had been converted into a man cave for the boy who lived there. Pool table, foosball table, and exercise equipment were all there for him to enjoy. "Well, this doesn't suck," Jessica thought as she moved to the couch adjacent to his chair.

Sitting with her legs facing him again, but closer this time, Jessica made a conscious decision to let her legs drift a small way apart. This afforded her nephew a better view up her dress, but did not seem intentional on her part. In response, Cameron immediately resumed his laser stare up her dress. Jessica noticed that there appeared to be movement inside the baggy gym shorts he was wearing, indicating that the improved view she was providing was creating an appreciative response from his lower anatomy. 

Saying nothing for a few moments, Jessica kept her hands to her sides, just letting her legs shift the boy's attention from his previous rejection and providing his with something pleasant to focus on. Moving forward slightly, Jessica once again attempted to engage Cameron in conversation. She was fully aware that her movement had caused her short dress to ride up higher on her thighs, and she upped the ante by parting her legs a slight bit more. 

Cameron could now see well up his aunt's dress. Well enough to see that she was wearing matching red panties underneath. Looking up at her face, he saw that she was smiling at him while, he was certain, knowing that she was providing him with a sexy show. 

"You can trust me, Cam. Just like I trust you. We can keep each other's secrets, sweetie," Jessica promised. Another slight movement of her legs improved Cameron's view again and caused his penis to swell to painful proportions.

"OK, I do trust you, Aunt Jessica. What do you want me to do?"

"Well, nephew, it is obvious that my outfit is having an ever increasing effect on parts of you, so I want you to show me what the girl saw so that I can see what all the fuss was about," Jessica proposed. "But this has to remain between the two of us. You are a 19 year old man, but I don't think your mother or my husband would understand."

"Oh, I wouldn't tell anyone, ever!" Cameron promised. "But first, could you let me see more?" 

Keeping his eyes focused between her legs, Cameron felt his breathing increase substantially and his pulse began to pound in his ears. 

Jessica thought about the situation again. 1. She was about to cross a major line with her husband's nephew. 2. Robert had told her to handle things any way she needed to. 3. She was very curious about what had repulsed the girl that Cameron tried to have sex with earlier. 

"Two out of three wins," Jessica rationalized as she pulled the hem of her dress up to the top of her legs and spread them apart several more inches.

"Oh, god," Cameron moaned as he took in the view his very hot aunt was providing him. "You are so sexy."

"Thank you, Cam. Now drop the shorts and let me see what all the fuss is about," Jessica instructed.

Doing as he was told, Cameron pulled his shorts down to his ankles and straightened up, facing Jessica. Emitting an audible gasp, Jessica stared wide-eyed at the monster cock her nephew had released. It was at least 10" long, thicker than her wrist, and... uncircumcised with pre-cum oozing out from the tip. Realizing her shock, Cameron started to turn away, but Jessica stopped him. 

"No honey, don't hide it. You have an unusual penis. Not gross or ugly - just different. You are one of a minority of men in this country who are not circumcised, so the girl may never have seen one like yours. It is also unusually large, which is a good thing - a very good thing - so don't ever be concerned about that."

The young man's erect member stood out from his body like a stiff arrow, pointing toward a woman he had long fantasized about. Without being consciously aware of her actions, Jessica spread her legs even wider as an involuntary invitation of sorts. 

"Move closer, Cam," Jessica coached. "May I touch it?"

"Yesss," Cameron hissed between clenched teeth while still staring at Jessica's panties.

Jessica grasped the oversized penis with her small hand and began to stroke it up and down. "See how I pull the foreskin all the way down and back up again?" she asked. "You are lucky, Cam. Men who have been circumcised can become desensitized at the head of their penis because it is constantly rubbing against their underwear or pants. Yours remains covered and thereby more sensitive to touch, like this."

As she explained, Jessica pumped up and down on the rigid pole, causing Cameron to moan and groan while he thrust his hips toward her. "Oh god, that feels so good Aunt Jessica."

"For today, just call me Jessica, please," she requested. "This is not a very aunt-like thing to do to one's nephew."

"OK, sure... Jessica," Cameron agreed and now emboldened by the conversation and her actions, he asked, "May I touch your panties?"

Jessica considered his polite request for a moment and then decided to let him. "Stay on the outside of them, Cameron. We need to keep a few boundaries in place tonight."

"Absolutely," he promised as he knelt to get closer to her crotch. His movement caused her to have to release her grip on his huge penis, much to her regret, but her disappointment was short lived as Cameron began to stroke her pussy through the thin, lacy material of her red panties. He explored her mound as best he could through the material, tweaking her clit and stroking the lips of her pussy. The crotch of her panties quickly became wet with her juices, which caused the material to become even more transparent. 

Cameron moved his face closer to her crotch and breathed in the smell of sex coming from her overheated pussy. With his middle finger, he attempted to push inside of her through the material, but was unable to do so. While he continued to stroke and press with his fingers, he lowered his mouth to her sex and began to lick and suck on the red material. 

Jessica's plan was out the window now and she was humping her hips up and down frantically, fucking her nephew's face and hand. "Oh, fuck! Lick my pussy, lick my pussy. That feels so good. Don't stop, don't stop! Please lick me!"

Sensing her abandonment, Cameron took the opportunity to hook a finger under the edge of her panty crotch. Feeling the silky smooth skin of her labia and wanting to go further, Cameron increased the intensity of his oral attentions while sliding his probing digit closer to her opening. Reaching his goal, he found that his finger easily slid inside the overheated canal. Adding a second and then a third, he was soon giving his aunt a proper finger fuck.

Jessica was somewhat aware of what Cameron was doing with his fingers, but she was beyond caring at the moment as she was about to reach orgasm and she did not want to do anything to interfere with her release. Robert had long since stopped worrying about her needs when they had sex, so she was determined to enjoy this experience. Reaching down, she moved her panties aside so that Cameron could apply his oral attentions to her bare clit and labia.

Cameron was loving what his aunt was allowing him to do to her. She had totally exposed her sex to him and he was finger banging her while he licked her bare pussy. With his free hand, he reached up and pulled the strap of her dress off her shoulder, then tugged at the material, causing the top to move below her breast. He quickly put his hand on the newly freed tit and began to massage the mound while he lightly pinched the nipple between his fingers.

This additional stimulation was all Jessica needed to reach her climax. Grasping the back of Cameron's head, she pulled him closer as she began to cum. "Oh, god! Oh, god! Shit! Fuck! I'm cumming! Don't stop! Don't stop!"

Jessica humped her nephew's face for several moments as the waves of release flowed through her body. Her creamy juices coated the fingers he had inside of her pussy and she fed her womanhood to him with passion. 

While her body was still quivering and shaking from her powerful orgasm, Jessica felt Cameron move both of this hands to the top of her panties and begin to pull them down.

"No! We can't do that, Cameron. No!" Jessica commanded. "I know where that will lead and I can't let you go there. But, I will suck your cock and you can play with my tits while I do, OK?"

Wanting more than that, but not wanting to spoil what was happening, Cameron agreed. Jessica sat up and removed her dress completely, leaving her panties a bit disheveled and wet, but in place. Switching places, she pulled Cameron to a sitting position on the couch while she knelt between his legs. With her right hand, she grasped his still erect over-sized penis and began stroking it again. With her left, she cupped his large ball sack and started massaging it. Opening her mouth, she moved to the head of his cock and took it inside and began to fuck his penis with her wet mouth. She worked hard to take as much of his cock as she could and managed to get all but a couple of inches in her mouth and down her throat.

Cameron, meanwhile leaned forward and began massaging her tits and pinching her nipples again.

"Suck it, Aunt Jessica. Suck my cock, slut," Cameron tested to see how she would react.

Jessica responded to his crude talk by taking more of his cock down her already stuffed throat. 

"Oh, you like being a slut don't you, Jessica? You like sucking your nephew's cock, don't you?"

Jessica picked up her pace in response.

"You'd like to suck some of my friends too, wouldn't you, slut?" Cameron tested as a major escalation of their nasty talk.

As he said this, he pulled on the back of Jessica's head and forced the remaining inch of his cock inside her mouth and throat. She tugged and squeezed harder on his balls in response. Sensing now was the moment, Cameron grabbed the sides of her panties and quickly pulled them down to her bent knees. He rapidly returned his hands to the back of her head and kept it in place on his cock. 

Jessica was in a bit of a panic at this point. She had never had a cock this far down her throat before. She couldn't breathe. Cameron was holding her head down and he had just pulled her panties down. Using the palms of her hands, she pressed against his stomach in an attempt to escape his grip.

"Take your panties the rest of the way off and I will let you up," Cameron ordered.

Hesitating for just a moment, Jessica gave in to the urgent need to breathe and quickly pulled her panties the rest of the way off of her legs.

Keeping his promise, Cameron released her head and helped her pull herself off of his cock. As she was recovering, Cameron guided her onto her back on the carpet and moved on top of her.

"No, Cameron, we can't. This is going too far," Jessica warned.

"This is not at all too far, Jessica," Cameron countered. "I have fantasized about fucking you for years and I can't let this opportunity pass me by. Open your legs and enjoy it Aunt Jess, you know you will."

Looking Cameron in the eyes, Jessica surrendered. She spread her legs and moved her hips up to position her pussy to accept his cock. Cameron moved his cock up and down between her juice soaked labia lips and prepared to enter the woman that he had fantasized about and jerked off to for years, "Tell me to fuck you, Jess."

"Fuck me, Cameron. Fuck me, please. I want you inside of me. I want all of that monster of yours inside of me," Jessica obediently responded.

Cameron positioned the head of his bulging member against her opening and began to press against it. Slowly, very slowly, his cock began to disappear inside of Jessica. After inserting four inches, he withdrew, bringing some of her moist pink flesh with him as it clung, seemingly desperate to hold onto his huge cock. Pressing again, Cameron inserted another five inches inside the overheated woman, then withdrew again. Her pussy clung to his cock - glistening from her fluids that had coated her insides. With one final, forceful thrust, Cameron buried all 11 inches of his cock balls deep inside Jessica.
