 Gail was still acting decidedly cool toward me as we started out north in the morning in a couple of jeeps. She made sure we were in separate vehicles. She'd dolled herself up for the encounter with Kwei Lin in a three-quarter-length cotton skirt and matching halter top in a sky blue that set off her blonde complexion to perfection. But I had no delusions that she'd be looking nearly this fresh when we reached Kwei Lin's mountain stronghold at Miang Sing.

We crossed the Mekong into Laos, near the Myanmar border at Mae Sai, and it was here that I learned both just how well Gail had prepared for Kwei Lin and that she wasn't nearly as cool toward me as she wanted me to think. The Mekong was in full flow, and our primitive wooden barge nearly capsized. We were drenched with brown water, and Gail clutched at me in fear as we were nearly swept away. I held on to her for dear life, not being all that brave or assured myself, and the cotton of her skirt and halter top went transparent, revealing that she was wearing nothing under them.

While our escort and the boatmen fought the river for control of the barge, I was getting a very good feel of both a very nice set of tits and of Gail's pussy through the thin, wet material. She wasn't fighting me either. Our mouths latched in a searching kiss, but we abandoned that almost immediately and tried to put some distance between ourselves when the boat started to win over the current and our escorts were able to parcel out their attention to more than just keeping us alive.

We road in the back of an ancient truck from the border up into the mountain jungle of northwestern Laos. As we were jostled back and forth, we dried off slowly in the humid air. Gail and I purposely sat across from each other in the truck bed, drinking each other in with our eyes for the remainder of the trip. At one point, the two tribesmen who were assuring us a safe escort into the Mien warlord's fiefdom were jabbering and pointing to Gail and me in an animated fashion. When I asked our interpreter what they were saying, he reiterated what I had heard the night before about yellow-haired Fahrangs being good luck and how rare it was to see two more yellow hairs together in this region—that Gail and I could be taken as twins. I meant to ask the interpreter what they meant by "more yellow hairs" in this remote area, but I figured that out soon enough myself, because, just then, the mountainside redoubt of the Mien warlord's lair came into sight.

The stronghold was well concealed, especially from the air. It consisted mainly of a large, open-air pavilion set on a rock outcrop at the side of a narrow ravine that appeared to be easily defended. It would be very hard to pick out from the air, because the columns that supported the thatched roof of the pavilion were the trunks of live jungle trees that widely spread their canopies over the whole complex.

As our truck came to a stop at the mouth of the ravine, I looked out and Kwei Lin and his most trusted cohorts were spread out along the low rock wall separating the pavilion from the cliff edge. I had no trouble picking out Kwei Lin; he stood head and shoulders above the rest of the Mien tribesmen and was as blond as either Gail or me, his golden hair flowing down to his shoulders in a full-bodied cascade of curls. It was immediately obvious why he was able to maintain his status as the guerilla band chief. Luck was with him just by virtue of his golden blond presence. It also was understandable why he had insisted on the reward that he had for accommodating the insertion of our team into China. He would perpetuate his myth of the golden leader of the Golden Triangle by mating with a blonde woman, while at the same time, he would be getting a taste of the world he'd left behind.

Kwei Lin was wearing the same indigo Chinese-style, close-fitting rough-fabric pants that came down to just below his knees and a loose-fitting crossover jacket made of the same material that the other men were wearing. But he was slimmer, taller, and more distinctly muscled than his adopted compatriots. Like his comrades, as well, all of his torso and arms that we could see were covered in an intricate design of blue tattooing that even ran up the side of his neck.

He spoke excellent French as we negotiated our business, but I never could discern whether he could speak English as well. I was careful not to ask him too many questions about his past, especially since he knew I was a direct agent of U.S. intelligence, and he didn't offer any personal information. It was clear that the Mien tribesmen would do anything he approved, and they seemed in awe of Gail, who just lounged coolly in a nearby rope sling, being as enticing as possible for Kwei Lin as she had been instructed to be, while the chieftain and I hashed out our agreement. For his part Kwei Lin wasn't nearly as attentive to Gail's presence as his cohorts were; his attention was locked on me and what I was proposing.

We were able to strike a very acceptable bargain within a short time, and, as twilight descended, a couple of women were shuffling around and lighting small torches extending from the live columns but well away from the thatched ceiling. 

Making quite clear that the U.S. government was quite pleased with the arrangement, I ceremoniously beckoned for Gail to come forward so that Kwei Lin could claim the sugaring of his deal. She languidly unfolded herself from the rope sling and floated over to the center to the pavilion, up to the edge of the table where Kwei Lin and I had spread our maps during the negotiations.

I had the interpreter announce to Kwei Lin that Gail would accommodate him for the night and was turning to return to the bottom of the ravine where a tent had been raised over the truck bed for the rest of my party to spend an uncomfortable night, when Kwei Lin spoke out in a commanding voice.

"He wants you to stay, Sir," the interpreter said, with a funny look on his face.

"Stay?" I asked dumbly.

"Yes. He wants you to make love to the blonde woman." the interpreter said in embarrassed tones. "He said he was promised two yellow hairs who would perform for him and his lieutenants."

"Two yellow hairs?" I said with a catch in my throat. "To perform? Here? Now."

"Yes, Sir, that's what he said. And I don't think he's negotiating about this."

Damn that Luther, I thought. So this was what he meant by my being perfect for the job. It was because I was a blond, although a silver blond in contrast to Gail's yellow blonde and Kwei Lin's golden hair. I wasn't on this mission because of any intelligence skill I had—just because I was blond. Well, I didn't mind fucking Gail, as long as she was good with the change in plans, and I wasn't that squeamish about doing it in front of these tribesmen, either.

In a short, whispered monologue, I explained the situation to Gail, whose only response was to reach around and unhook her halter top to much jabbering and oohing of appreciation from the gathered tribesmen, and to lay her back down on the top of the sturdy wooden table, with her butt cheeks on the rim. I stripped off my shirt and moved in between her legs and came down to her lips with mine. While we were kissing deeply, my hands were gliding over her breasts, rubbing and pinching her nipples, making them hard. I tongued my way down to them, and she arched her back for me in willing response. I was gathering up her skirt with my hands, bunching it up at her waist, showing Kwei Lin and his comrades that she was wearing nothing underneath. They oohed and awed and talked in rushed tones among themselves to see the golden yellow of her triangle.

My fingers entered her, searching for and finding her hooded clit and freeing it and making it hard. Gail was moaning for me, and my fingers were getting wet from her flow.

She had been running her fingers through my hair as I tongued her nipples, but she took them away and I heard her give a little grunt. I looked up, and saw that Kwei Lin was standing beside her head at another edge of the table. He was naked now, although he seemed clothed by the intricate webbing of dark tattooing all over his torso and arms, which extended down his thighs to his knees. He was holding an imposing, hard dick at the root, where curly yellow-gold hair pubic hair met the base of his cock, with one hand, and the back of Gail's head with the other. She was sucking him off, and both seemed to be enjoying the play. She had one hand wrapped around the hand he was guiding his cock with and the other palmed across his flat belly.

I kissed and tongued my way down Gail's belly and soon had my lips on the sweet lips to her golden triangle. My tongue searched beyond these lips until it found Gail's clit, and I sucked on that until is was hard and her pelvis started to undulate. I then let my tongue explore further into her wet, sweet-smelling canal. I had a thumb buried in her ass and I rotated that as Gail's hips strove to find my rhythm. My cock was hard and throbbing now, and I unbuckled and unzipped my pants and dropped them to the floor. I took my cock in my hand and rubbed it against her clit, while she trembled and moaned her appreciation and became wetter and wetter. Then I pushed my dick past her clit and into her tight, wet tunnel and glided up into her to the hilt until my silver-blond pubic hair intertwined with her golden yellow hair. I pumped her in short and long strokes, trying to match the rhythm of Kwei Lin's thrusts down her throat.

Our audience of Mien tribesmen was enthralled by the golden triangle that was performing a primeval dance of lust for them, and I could only suppose that Kwei Lin was piling up heaps of political capital with them for having brought them this spectacle.

I watched as Kwei Lin pulled away from Gail's mouth and then lost sight of him as he moved in behind me. I felt his hand come between my legs and his fingers inserting themselves alongside my stroking cock inside Gail's canal. He pulled my head to the side to meet his lips and gave me a long, lingering kiss. He then pushed me down onto Gail's chest with a strong hand in the small of my back, and Gail and I entwined our arms and allowed our tongues to duel with each other. She clearly was enjoying this double attention. And I was immensely enjoying the rubbing of her taunt nipples against mine.

Soon thereafter, I felt Kwei Lin's fingers, wet with Gail's flow, at my asshole, and he was fingering me, finger-fucking me in the ass. I barely had time to decide what, if anything, to do to counter this move, though, when the head of his dick, still wet from Gail's sucking, was pushing at the ring of my hole. I tried to raise up as he entered me with his big, thick cock, but my arms were entwined in Gail's and he was pushing firmly down on my back with his hand. Then he was in, past my sphincter, and I was groaning and gasping for air from the pain and stuffed sensation. He now had both hands pushing down on my shoulder blades.

It seemed to take forever for him to bury his rod up me to the hilt, but then my undulating ass walls were accommodating him, and the pleasure was beginning to overcome the pain. And I pumped Gail and Kwei Lin pumped me, and we all reached our orgasms nearly simultaneously. And the Mien tribesmen jabbered among themselves at the incredible good luck that the golden hairs were spinning out for them before their eyes, no doubt looking forward to a bumper opium crop this season as a result of our exertions.