 "Tell me I'm beautiful," she whispered as the doorman at the restaurant held the door open for her.

"You're more than beautiful," I said. "You're stupendous."

It was amazing what a $600 red dress right on the border between elegant and slutty, and a long afternoon of makeup, hairdressing and skin care could do for my hot dog girl. Her bountiful self was no longer the jiggling sack of polecats under her sloppy sweats; now it was all supported in exactly the right way, so that her curvaceous breasts stood up and out, a plane of pink flesh and cleavage rippling with each step. And her vast butt swayed from side to side as her high heels propped each side up in turn, while the dress clung enough to give hints, stayed loose enough to keep plenty hidden. Fat she still was, but no longer in an ashamed, embarassed way; she looked like a woman who knew how to keep all her appetites amply satisfied.

I saw the men in the restaurant checking her out as we went in. Some were just taking in the spectacle, probably to make fat jokes to their friends a moment later, but I spotted at least two or three giving her respectful, almost stricken looks, as if their horizons had just been broadened and they suddenly knew that Ramona represented a whole world outside their experience.

As we reached the table my friend Pamela stood up and took Ramona's hand. "So this is the divine creature you've been telling me about," Pamela said, in her oh-so-proper English accent.

Ramona blushed. "It's only because he had them work me over all afternoon," she said. "You'll have to tell me all about it," Pamela said, smiling. "I must say, you're certainly drawing attention."

"I feel so--" Ramona started, then couldn't decide what she felt so.

"They're just lookin' at me 'cuz I'm so fat."

"Darling, men are far more open to differences in the vast variety of the female form than they admit," Pamela said. "I promise you at least half the men in the restaurant are jealously wondering what it would be like to be him right now."

"You really think so?" she asked.

Pamela put her hand on Ramona's-- she wasn't wasting any time. "My dear, you're a goddess," she said, and in her accent it was a pronouncement not to be argued with. "You're an amazon, a beautiful, powerful female who is mistress over her desires. Who do those pathetic creatures, those men, think that they are to even dream that they might be allowed to worship beneath you?"

Ramona blushed bright red, from her face to her jiggling mound of cleavage, and she gulped. "Yeah, who are they?" she asked. "Tell me more," she said.

Pamela smiled, and moved her leg next to Ramona's. "Gladly," she said.

* * *

No one I've ever seen can seduce a member of either sex as quickly as Pamela. A few minutes of her educated-sounding flattery, and then she was bold enough to suddenly lean across and surprise Ramona with a feathery kiss on the lips. Ramona's eyes bulged, and then she turned to look at me. I shrugged my approval and/or indifference-- as if my swelling cock could be indifferent to what I was sure was about to unfold.

Ramona looked back at Pamela, and then she moved forward toward her, and their tongues met in mid-air, and Ramona whimpered with delight as she sucked eagerly. I noticed some of the men at the other tables agog at the sight. I also noticed our waiter looking at us disapprovingly, as I saw Pamela's hand slide up Ramona's red dress along the top of her thigh. Ramona reached over to pinch one of Pamela's nipples through her dress, as if it were something she'd never seen before. I motioned for the check as Pamela's hand disappeared in the direction of Ramona's pussy and a glazed look came over Ramona's eyes.

As I paid the bill and summoned the car, I just managed to prevent them going off into the restroom together as the valet pulled it up. They climbed together into the back, and I adjusted the rear view mirror for a proper view as I started driving them around the park.

They were an interesting contrast in styles. Pamela gave long, slow kisses, while Ramona panted in teenage heat like she did with me. I saw Pamela's hand dive in between Ramona's thighs and come up shiny, and Ramona hungrily sucked her juice off Pamela's fingers. Then Ramona stuck her fingers inside Pamela in return, only instead of allowing Pamela to suck her fingers clean, she lapped them up herself, suddenly turning to look at me in the mirror, in amazement at the thing she had just done, licking up another woman's cum.

Pamela leaned back, staring straight into Ramona's eyes soulfully, and took her top off. Pamela is slender and her breasts have never been much more than buds, but Ramona dove onto them, moaning softly as she tugged at the nipples with her teeth.

Next Pamela pulled her skirt up and tied it behind her, revealing a wet spot on her white panties. In a moment she slipped them off and Ramona stared at the pussy before her. Then suddenly she turned to me. "This car's too small. Let's go home," she said. 

"All of us?" I said, not sure what she meant.

"Yeah, of course," she said, and kissed Pamela again, cupping her exposed pussy with her hand.

"My place?" I asked.

"No, wait," Ramona said. "My place."

* * *

She opened the door. Ramona's sister Alicia was sitting on the couch, and she scowled at me as I came in, Pamela behind me. Ramona must have seen the look on her face, because suddenly she grabbed Pamela's ass with both hands and stuck her tongue halfway down her throat. Alicia stared at us, amazed and horrified. As Ramona pulled Pamela to her bedroom, I shrugged at her. She slammed her textbook shut and stormed off to the other end of the house.

Ramona and Pamela were already rolling on the bed, tits out, by the time I followed them to the bedroom and shut the door. "No, leave it open!" Ramona shouted, and sitting on Pamela's face she split Pamela's legs apart, again staring into her first sopping pink pussy. She took the sight in for a minute, and then she dove in, smashing Pamela beneath her and moaning hungrily as she slurped away, as if it was a favorite meal she'd been deprived of for too long.

I wasn't sure exactly where I was supposed to fit into all this, if at all, so I started tugging Ramona's dress down to undress her completely. That didn't draw a protest, so I took off my own clothes and then found a spot behind her creamy ass, licking my way from her hot, puffed-up pussy lips to her tight little asshole, her mammoth cheeks bouncing onto the sides of my face as I plunged into the funky hole. Pamela was making clipped little British orgasm sounds now, her thin legs wrapped entirely around Ramona's head.

Suddenly they started rolling, and Ramona wound up on her back, Pamela sitting on her face. Ramona spread her legs and started rubbing her own rosebud, and Pamela and I nearly collided heads racing to take that job over. We exchanged a quick tongue kiss and then, ever the gentleman, I let her go first. I watched the action for a while, and a moment later, I felt Ramona grab for my cock and point it in the general direction of her pussy. I moved over there and indicated to Pamela that I was planning to fuck Ramona, if she didn't mind; she shrugged and I plunged my cock deep into Ramona's inflamed, nearly boiling crotch. With each stroke, I felt the feather touch of Pamela's tongue as she bobbed up and down on Ramona's clit.

Ramona let out a yell, and I felt her pussy grip my cock in orgasm. As she did, I saw Alicia staring from around the corner. Who knows, maybe she wasn't so much different from her sister after all? I motioned to her, offering her the opportunity to join us. Indignantly she turned away and a moment later her door slammed. Oh well, some people get enough out of a two-minute screwing from the boyfriend, I guess. And some people don't, I thought, as I saw Pamela look up, startled, as Ramona stuck a finger in her ass.

* * *

A few days later, I was in bed at Pamela's. One of her less pleasing characteristics is that she tends to talk during blowjobs. "Did you notice the way she left the bedroom door open? That girl is a born exhibitionist."

"How could I not notice it," I said, trying to keep my mind on the sucking being performed on me at that very moment. "I kept watching Alicia sneaking back to take another look."

"That one is much too uptight," Pamela said. "What she needs is a good pussy-licking. Give me a few hours between her legs and I'll have her sleeping with the entire high school girl's rugby team."

"I don't know," I said, as I felt the pressure building in my loins. "Some people just don't have the imagination."

"Ramona does, though," she said. "She was ready to try anything. I had to explain to her that I really isn't possible to ass-fuck with your titties, even when they're as big as her glorious pair. Not enough rigidity in the--"

"Do you miiiiiiind," I said as I came, a few short spurts of cum filling the mouth on my cock. Pamela's husband Ted swallowed them, then wiped his mouth with the napkin and sat back in the chair, beginning the process of jerking himself off.

"Yes, you really do talk entirely too much at the most inopportune times," Ted said.

"Oh, here, let me," she said as she took his cock in her hand. "So do you think she'll be willing?"

"I think you could convince her," I said as Ted moaned and a glob of his cum splattered on my knee.

"Let me get that," he said, and he bent over to lick it up.

* * *

The wine was flowing freely, the odor of pot wafted in from one bathroom or another, and our guests awaited anxiously for the stroke of midnight. Now and then I saw a couple of them go off into a corner for some foreplay-- okay, so Pamela seemed to have tongue-kissed half the women in the room by midnight, and once I saw Ted in the corner just finishing licking a ribbon of cum off the cock of a minor Pakistani diplomat-- but on the whole people seemed to want to save their energies for the big festivities. 

Finally, midnight came-- and so we would we, very soon. I went to the podium and asked for attention-- two Japanese women climbed off of each other, hurriedly pulling panties up under their tight silk dresses. The dj switched to my requested music, Scriabin's "Extase."

"Brothers and sisters of the earth," I began. "It is the solstice, the sacred time of year when we abandon the artifice of civilization, the moralizing of religion, the admiration of the unnaturally starved female form, and embrace the one great power that Mother Earth gave us. To sow and receive seed, to celebrate the carnal and regenerative splendors of the body. It is my pleasure to present to you a new recruit to our ceremonies, a female who carries within her mighty size and her bountiful self all the chthonian powers of the ripe harvest goddess herself. My brothers and sisters, bow down in worship to... the goddess Ramona!"

A door opened, and Ramona was backlit by a blue light, which outlined the abundant breasts and meaty thighs under her gossamer gown, as her hair-- curled specially by Pamela, who had to interrupt twice to get Ramona to stop trying to stick her hand up her dress-- flowed over her shoulders, a garland of wildflowers intertwined like a tiara. I heard several gasps of delight, and then the room erupted in applause at her bounty. She gulped, almost ready to cry, but I gave her a stern look-- she was a goddess and needed to remember the fact. She did; she stepped regally into the room, surveying which of the assembled guests would be her first.

Ever the stage manager, I had suggested that she start with a lesbian pairing, since both men and women enjoy watching that more than most women enjoy watching a man piston away. By now a devout eater of Pamela's pussy, she had no objection to taking my advice, and the carnal energy in the room was palpable as she walked from one woman to the next. A wealthy older woman rubbed herself beneath her Nancy Reagan-like cocktail dress, but Ramona passed her by; a chubby librarian named Anna looked at her expectantly, shivering with anticipation, then let out an audible sigh of disappointment; Pamela smiled, but urged her generously to move on. Finally Ramona made her selection: the two Japanese girls at the end of the room.

The two slender girls tittered with delight, and quickly let the straps of their dresses down, exposing their tiny pointed teen-like breasts. Ramona pulled Mia to her, her fat arms nearly as thick as the Asian girl's body, and licked at her nipples, while Suni began to pull Ramona's gown up, revealing her vast creamy ass cheeks sans panties. She swatted the cheeks a few times as Ramona moaned with delight, and then she spread them apart to begin licking. Meanwhile Mia had taken her dress off to reveal a slimy gray-red shaved pussy, which Ramona licked at hungrily.

The rest of us stood around expectantly (and erectly), well aware of the cardinal rule of our rites. There was impatience at Suni's progress, and so it was with some relief that Ramona flopped herself over and Mia pulled her gown off to reveal those massive white globes and that vast jiggly stomach. Suni dove in and Ramona grabbed Mia's tiny thighs and pulled her pussy down onto her face; and thankfully a moment later our goddess came noisily, her vast fat tummy and balloon-like tits vibrating like Mother Earth herself.

The goddess's first orgasm was the signal, and now the room stripped itself quickly bare and separated itself into different parties. A tall black man, Roland, attempted to lure the wealthy older woman into a corner, but she had her eye on a buzzcut young dyke in flannel shirt-- and soon they were on the floor together, exchanging heated passionate kisses as their respective jewelry and piercings mingled incongruously. The Pakistani diplomat put his arms on the shoulders of a professional couple, and they went off together for what I knew to be his favorite combination. Anna, the librarian, sat opposite Ramona and the Japanese girls and unzipped her pants as her shirt went up to reveal one of her massive, floppy tits; a hand went into her voluminous crotch, trying to find her pearl inside her folds of flab. And Pamela and Ted-- well, I was shocked by what I saw them doing, which was, making out on the couch. A husband and wife, having sex alone with each other? What in the Goddess's name were they thinking?

Ramona seemed insatiable as she held Mia vigorously onto her face, seemingly trying to suck her dry. Suni, however, was taking a break, just rubbing a slimy pool of pussy-juice on Ramona's broad jiggly stomach and leaving her steaming cunt unattended. Well, Mother Nature abhors a vacuum, and soon Roland was kneeling before her, licking his way up the side of her jiggly thighs, mixing his spit with Suni's and with Ramona's own sopping fish juice.

Suddenly Ramona pushed Mia off her face and looked up. When she saw Roland's chiseled black chest at her pussy and below that his eight-inch brown cock, she moaned in amazement and then bucked her thighs up to indicate what she wanted. He obliged her, driving his hard black log deep into her porcelain flesh and pink pussy. Her eyes rolled in ecstasy and she motioned to me. I came over and she grabbed at my cock, hungrily stuffing it into her mouth.

Another black man came over and-- having discovered something new-- she immediately dropped my cock for his. So I began rubbing mine in the wetness on her tits, massaging those big wet balloons that I knew and loved so. Roland came shudderingly, and as he pulled out Anna jumped up from her seat with surprising agility and hungrily dove her fat face into Ramona's pussy, coming up with a grin full of Roland's steaming cream. Anna took her shirt off now, her pendulous breasts stretching nearly to her crotch, and Pamela, apparently having tired of fidelity after giving it a try for five minutes, came over and kissed Anna, smearing the cum across her chubby cheeks.

I wasn't having much luck rubbing my cock against Ramona's tits, so with her pussy momentarily unoccupied I decided to take advantage of it. I positioned my cock in front of her as she sucked the other black man, and plunged my rod into her well-buttered pussy. I wasn't at all prepared for what happened next, though. Ramona's meaty legs locked around me and she motioned to Pamela, who in turn signaled to the black man with his cock in Ramona's mouth, who suddenly pinned my arms against her vast, bouncy flesh. What was going on?

Soon I knew. Even as my cock was buried deep in Ramona, my legs were being spread apart and a hand began to rub someone's goo in the crack of my ass. I saw the Pakistani diplomat come toward me-- I had rejected him many times, insisting that I was straight (well except for the occasional exception), and now, apparently, he was going to have me after all.

I just saw a glimpse of his erect cock as it went behind me, and then I felt it burn its way deep into my ass as I, in turn, plowed deep into Ramona, cushioned by her abundant tummy. She exchanged a glance with the black man whose cock she had been sucking and before I knew it I was staring his twitching snake in the face. Well, I needed something to distract me from the painful ramming going on in my ass, and so I let his head slip past my wet lips, and began running my tongue up and down the length of his stiff black boner.

A moment later the Pakistani let out an oath in his native tongue, and not a moment too soon I felt his cock twitch inside my bowels and he pulled out. That allowed me to concentrate on the black cock in my mouth, and in a moment he began spraying. I caught the first glob in my mouth but let the rest splatter across Ramona's huge tits. A moment later I too began to come, and I added to the mess dripping from her pussy as well as to the one puddling on her stomach. Gratefully I pulled out, and as I went to search for some ointment for my sore ass, I watched several others take our places, to worship with their spraying cocks and their dripping pussies our massive, seed-spattered, bountiful goddess.

* * *

At last the orgy was ended; not even Ted could find another cock to suck that he hadn't sucked already that evening; and Ramona lay there, nude and enormous, striped with white cum like a danish. Her pussy was so enflamed I could warm my hands over it; her curls were matted with dried goo; there was a stain of urine beneath her where a local orthodontist had begged his goddess to relieve herself on him (I suppose she was glad to have the chance to go without having to get up). But the best part of seeing her that way was the look on her face, the dazed, thrilled look of a woman who has discovered her own power. Now it was time for the final ritual of the evening.

I walked over to the wooden cabinet with the narrow slit in it. From inside I heard a muffled whimper. I unlocked the door and the nude figure, mouth taped shut, hands and feet tied together, tumbled out onto the carpet. "Are you ready to worship at the feet of the goddess Ramona?" I asked. "Or do you need another few hours in the cabinet, watching her exercise her powers?"

The figure, terrified, nodded her agreement-- anything to end it. "Do you know what you have to do?" She looked confused. "The goddess Ramona is covered with the sacred seed of her followers," I said as I pulled the tape off her mouth. "And you, as a skinny-ass little bitch who doesn't know what it's like to have the power and size of a goddess, are going to lick it all up." And before she had the chance to object, I grabbed Alicia by her bony little shoulders and pushed her, face first, into the slimy cunt of her fat bountiful sister, as Ramona looked at me in gratitude for the things I had taught her about the power of a large, beautiful woman.

* * *

Look for more BBW stories by Joris K. Huysmans on my profile (linked above and below the story).