 He was a handsome man, a little older than me, perhaps 35 or so, but very athletic looking, with big strong arms, a thick neck, a tiny waist and buns. I couldn't help but to wonder what he was thinking about, blindfolded, nude and flat on his back with his hands and feet tied spread eagle to the king-sized bed. Well, whatever it was, it wasn't sex. His penis was limp as a wet handkerchief, just hanging there, off to one side a little. Then, I wondered if I might be able get him interested in something to take his mind off of his predicament.

I put my hand on his stomach and slid it down to his cock. With a start he said, "Who are you and what do you want with me?"

"We are kidnappers and we want your company to give us some money. My friend is contacting them right now."

It was a very nice cock but there was absolutely no response to my caresses. The skin of his stomach was silky-smooth but his dick was still soft as it ever was. "You won't get any money out of them. I am very small peanuts, I am just the bookkeeper."

Did we make a mistake? "I don't believe you, you are the big cheese. I saw you coming out of the presidents office."

"Yes, but I was only there for a meeting. The big boss is Rex Wilson, my name is Tom Reid"

OH, shit, now what? He moaned a little when I gave his still limp pecker a hard squeeze. All I could do was to wait for Lucile to get back.

Damn! She's been gone for almost three hours. What in the hell has happened to her? I never should have hooked up such a kook but she was my ex-sister in law, and an old school friend and we believed it was quick, easy money. And since my husband died, I needed money, a lot of money!

He was wiggling around in the bed something fierce. "Lady, I've got to go to the toilet"

"What do you want me to do? I'm not going to untie you."

"Well if you don't do something I am going to wet the bed."

"OK, hold on." I went into the bathroom and got a basin from the cabinet and took it back to him. "Roll over a little and go in this."

"I can't see, how can I do it?"

"I'll help you. I'll loosen the rope on your right leg a little and you can roll over on your side." 

He did and I held his dick while he peed into the basin. There was something erotic about the feeling of his cock as the urine squirted out. I think he felt it too because it began to get a little bigger. When he finished I took the basin back into the bathroom and emptied it. As an after thought, I wet a washcloth under the water tap and went back to wipe him off.

Again he jumped when I touched him. "Wh — what are you doing? God damn that's cold!"

"Just cleaning you up a little. Why don't you have any hair on your body? Is it some sort of disease?"

"No, I use to swim competitively and we used a depilatory to take off the hair. I still do it because it makes me feel cleaner. Don't you shave your – ah – privates?"

"No, I only trim but I like the look of your hairless cock and balls. Maybe I will try it someday, it does look neater and cleaner."

My hands, fondling and caressing, had his full attention now. He was almost erect and looked like he was enjoying what I was doing. 

I was getting into it too, my pussy was tingling. "I'll bet your wife or girlfriend likes the look and feel of that."

"Ha, my ex didn't like it enough to keep from divorcing me and taking everything I had. She even gets half of my paycheck. I can't afford a girlfriend. That's why what you're doing feels so good."

It must have felt very good; there was a glistening of precum on the end. On a whim, I dipped my head and licked at this treasure, something I hadn't seen or tasted in a long time. "MMM, you taste pretty good."

He was flopping around like a fish out of water. "Oh God, don't tease me, I haven't had sex with another person for over a year."

"Well, neither have I, not since my husband died. Hold still and let me nurse on your penis. I like to do that, don't you?"

He tried to hold still but he couldn't. In just a couple of minutes he was fucking my mouth like a trip hammer and I loved it. I was able to loosen my shorts and pull them and my panties down to expose my very wet pussy. With one hand I was holding his cock to keep him from sticking his dick all the way down my throat and with the other I was fingering myself, rapidly approaching climax.

He stiffened and shouted, "OH, my God, I'm going to cum!" and he did, buckets and buckets of soft, white, gooey, delicious cum. It was all over my face, his cock, his balls, the bed and everywhere. There was even some in my hair.

I didn't care; I was so close that it only went to heighten my own orgasm, which followed moments later. I felt it running out of me and down my leg, but I kept rubbing until I was so sensitive that I could barely move.

"What's happening?" I had forgotten about him and the fact he was blindfolded. I realized I was still jacking his dick up and down. 

"Just take it easy mister. I'll clean you up."

"I know that this isn't the best time for this but I want to thank you. Will you tell me your name?"

"I shouldn't, but since we had sex together, you can call me Jo, and I'll call you Tom."

"Did you cum too?"

"Yeah, I guess I should thank you too."

"I wish I was the one who made you cum. I love to make a woman have a climax with my tongue. There is nothing as good as the taste of pussy."

"Keep that shit up and you may get your wish. Right now, I need to clean us both up before my partner gets back."

The old farmhouse belonged to Lucile's family who had abandoned it years ago. It was run down and the only furniture was in this bedroom. At least the water was still on but I knew there was no electricity. I went about my duties and had every thing shipshape in a few minutes. That was everything but his cock, which was still fairly hard. 

Every time I wiped it, he smiled. "I wish I could see what you look like."

"Not on your life, I don't want you to be able to identify me when we let you go."

"They won't pay any ransom for me, and I don't have any money, so what are you going to do? You might as well let me go now. If you do, I wont make any trouble."

He had me; I didn't know what was going on except we fucked up. "Just shut up and let me think."

He interrupted my thoughts when he said, "You know, you could sit on my face and let me eat your pussy while you are thinking. I haven't tasted a woman for a long time. My wife use to say it was by far my best talent. Besides, I know you would like it and I couldn't identify you from the taste."

I must say it was appealing. I hadn't had sex with anything but a vibrator or my finger in almost three years. "I may take you up on that, but I have a knife, if you try anything funny, I'll cut your balls off." I didn't have a knife but he didn't need to know that.

I took off my shorts and panties and crawled up on the bed. I straddled his stomach and started to inch foreword.

He shivered a little and said, "God you are going to let me do it. You must be pretty bothered, I can feel the wetness from your cunt on my chest."

"Just shut up and eat." I slid up far enough so that my pussy was completely covering his mouth. I looked down at him and wanted to remove the blindfold and look into his eyes but I didn't. His tongue, slipping in and out of my pussy, felt wonderful but his arms, tied to the top of the bed, was uncomfortable for me but I didn't dare untie him.

Damn it felt good. I had hold of the headboard and was rocking back and forth on his mouth. Now and then he gave a little grunt and I wondered if he was having trouble breathing but I really didn't care.

"Oh, God, I'm going to cum."

"MMMM."

"Oh, yes, that's it! Keep doing that! Oh, god here I cum. Oh now, now, now, Oh!"

I was so spent that it was all I could do to slide backwards a little, just enough to free his mouth.

He said, "You taste very good. I wish we could do that properly without me tied up like this. Your pussy juice is all over my face and my cock is hard as a rock."

He was right! I turned and looked only to see that it was waving proudly in the air, stiff and swollen. I slid backward a little more and, by rising up, was able to slip it easily into my wet pussy. I wanted to lean forward and kiss him but I had to remember why he was here and, besides, that portion of his face I could see was slick with my pussy juice.

Although he was tied hand and foot, he was able to bounce me up and down, his long cock plunging in and out of me. It felt almost as good as his tongue had earlier. I was surprised at his stamina. We must have been fucking for at least 10 minutes before I felt a new orgasm coming over me. I could feel it building deep inside me and I tried to delay it to make him cum at the same time but soon I had to satisfy my own urges. I leaned forward and let his hard dick rub against my clitoris with every stroke. 

I was just beginning my third climax of the day when he grunted, "Oh god, I am going to cum again."

And he did. I could feel each pulse of his warm jitsm as it shot into me. That was all I needed to push my buttons and soon I was caught up in the same exhilaration he was. The sensation of orgasm once again washed through my body. The experience was so complete I was left weak and gasping for breath. I collapsed on top of him and could feel his warm breath on my ear. I snuggled tight against him, closed my eyes and basked in the warm afterglow of coatis. 

I was almost asleep, so it startled me a little when he said, "You smell good. I wish I could see what you look like. I would really like to hold you in my arms and kiss you. I don't think I ever enjoyed sex as much as this." I just held on to him and put my head back down on his chest.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE!" It was Lucile and she was really pissed.

I leaped off the far side of the bed, wearing only my blouse, his cum running down my legs. His cock was still sticking straight up and was shiny with my pussy juice. "I – er -- we – it's not what you think – er -- what ever it looks like."

"IT LOOKS LIKE YOU WERE FUCKING HIM! DO I HAVE THAT WRONG?"

"We were just passing time. I was lonely and seeing him nude made me horny so I took advantage of the situation. Don't you think he has a beautiful cock?"

For the first time, Lucile looked at him. "Yeah, it is beautiful but smells like pussy in here. Just what did you two do and how long have you been at it?"

Lucile wasn't looking at me now; she seemed mesmerized by his stiff, hard, cock. I watched as her hand absentmindedly went down and began to rub her own crotch.

I tried to explain, "I was just fondling it a little and it looked so nice I sucked on it some and it made me really hot and he said he was an expert at eating pussy and so I let him eat mine and then I thought it was only right that I make him cum too so I sat on his dick and fucked him a little." 

For the first time in quite a few seconds, Lucile looked at me. Then her manner softened and she asked, "Was he any good at eating pussy?"

I looked at him and then back at Lucile before I said, "Oh, god yes. He made me cum in just a few minutes."

Lucile had her hand down the front of her jeans now. Suddenly, as if she had just come to her senses she pulled her hand out and said, "Well as much as I would like to find out, we fucked up. He is the wrong guy and we have to get out of here and let him go."

I could see that Lucille was visibly shaken and wasn't thinking right so I said, "Don't you think we should wait an hour or so, until it's dark outside?"

"Yes, you're probably right. It blew my mind to find out, after all our planning, we grabbed the wrong guy. I'm shaking like a leaf. I need to sit down and relax for a few minutes."

For the first time since Lucile came back, Tom spoke up and said, "I told you I was the wrong guy. Untie me now and I will help you relax."

"Do you think I'm crazy? I'm not about to untie you so you can identify us." Lucille's hand was rubbing her crotch again.

"Then leave me tied up and do the same as your friend did. Sit on my face and let me make you cum." 

I joined in. "Go ahead, Lucille, it will make you feel good, I can attest to that. I haven't felt this relaxed in years." I was still standing across the bed from her, nude from the waist down, the product of our lovemaking still oozing out of my pussy.

I could almost see the wheels turning in her head as she stood there, still absentmindedly rubbing her pussy. Suddenly, she reached a decision, started undoing her jeans and said, "O K, I'll do it."

She dropped her jeans and stepped out of them. I could see that the crotch of her panties was already wet. She hooked her thumbs in the waistband and, pulled down, and stepped out of them. I had never seen her nude before so I was quite surprised to see that she, like Tom, was completely devoid of pubic hair. I stood, almost in shock, as she pulled her blouse off over her head, baring a beautiful set of breasts.

I think the thing that shocked me most was the beauty and symmetry of her body. I know I had always been a little intimidated by her. She was a big woman, at least 5 inches taller than me, perhaps 5 feet 9 inches or so. She wasn't fat, just big, at least 140 lbs. For some unknown reason I had always suspected that she might be a lesbian, so I was pleasantly surprised to think she would like to have a man eat her pussy.

I was mesmerized as she climbed up on the bed and inched her way up to cover his mouth with her wet pussy. I watched as she took hold of the headboard, tilted her head back, closed her eyes and began a slow, rhythmic rocking motion, alternately moving her hips up and down, letting his magic tongue caress her in the most private place. I remembered what it felt like and soon could feel the warm moisture starting to ooze out of me again. While I watched I noticed that his dick had started to get hard one more time.

I couldn't stand it. I climbed up behind her and slowly lowered myself onto his rigid cock, once again impaling myself on his wondrous, fat, implement of glory. I rested my head on Lucile's shoulder, snaked my hands under her arms, felt those magnificent breasts, closed my eyes and departed on another trip to the land of ecstasy. Although I was encased in my own little world, I was aware that her nipples were hard and big as acorns. Her slow deliberate movement had increased in tempo so much that she was almost pushing me off my perch. He was making muffled, unintelligible sounds and grunts but I could tell by the way he was bucking me up and down that we were all close to cuming to an end of our journey.

I think Lucile was first. With a soft intake of breath she stiffened, began to make a low grunting sound and started to make a circular motion on his mouth, designed to drive his tongue as far up into her as she could get it. While she was doing that, I, for the fourth time that day, surrendered to the pressure of his cock on my clitoris and had another climax that left me weak and barely able to breathe.

I still had my hands around Lucile and felt her muscles tense. This was followed by a series of muscle contractions and relaxations. Her moans soon tapered off to a small whimper. 

She turned around and roughly pushed me out of the way. "Let go of me and get out of the way, I want to suck his cock."

On her knees, alongside of him on the bed, with her ass high in the air, she swallowed his dick all the way down to his balls. I looked at him and he had a smile on his sloppy wet face. A look of rapture slowly replaced what little of the smile I could see. Within moments his hips were driving his cock hard into Lucile's mouth. Lucile was taking all he could give her and looked like she wanted more. Her ass was toward me and she had spread her legs a little. She was fingering her pussy with her free hand. 

I thought. "What the hell," and pushed her hand out of the way and replaced it with mine. When I touched her clit I was amazed by it's size. I was at least a half an inch long and was sticking out of her pussy lips like a tiny little pecker. I could easily roll it between my fingers.

I knew she liked what I was doing because she opened her legs just a little wider and made a low, almost humming sound. "MMMMMMM."

He was jerking up and down, the same as he had when I was blowing him, making little sucking sounds. I could tell he was close when he stopped moving and held his whole body stiff. I was surprised when I saw his semen dripping out of the side of Lucile's mouth, I wouldn't have thought he had any left.

Lucile was fucking my fingers for all she was worth. Soon, she stopped sucking on him, raised her head, closed her eyes and had one hell of a climax. I had been rubbing my pussy again but I just didn't have anything left.

By the time we got everything cleaned up and got dressed it was getting dark outside. Since our plan had fallen apart, I looked to Lucile for guidance. "How are we going to release him?"

"Get him dressed. We'll put him in his car, loosen the ropes a little and leave him in the car on some deserted road." She spoke to him. "Look Tom, we are going to let you go without hurting you, but we know who you are and how to find you. If you say anything about this we will fix it so you never get another piece of ass again!" 

"Lady, I won't say a word. In fact if you are serious about getting some money out of that fat cat, Rex Wilson I can probably help you. And, if you ever want to do this again, I'm your man." 

We did exactly as Louise planed. I didn't hear anymore about it until almost two months later. My doorbell rang and there on the porch stood Lucile and Tom, arm in arm, both grinning from ear to ear. "Well, aren't you going to invite the new bride and groom in? We have a hell of a plan to get some money out of the Wilson Company."

Copyright © 10-24-2001 by Dinghy5(Jo). All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.