 The board meeting broke up around eight in the evening. It had been a fractious meeting. One group wanted to take the corporation in one direction, while another group had entirely different ideas. When it finally came from push to shove Carol held the deciding vote. She'd counted on this, and she used it to her best advantage. Both sides, the corporate conservatives and the liberal team had been wooing her vote for weeks. She didn't care, really, who won as long as she got her share. In the end it was the conservative bloc that got her. They had been very persuasive, what with money, perks, and shares. Now it was time to celebrate. Carol thought, what a clever girl she was. Using her feminine wiles she had managed to maneuver these stupid men into just the arrangement she wanted. Men were so stupid. 

She and several of the winning team retreated to a luxury suite on the top floor of one of the many luxury high rises the company controlled. It was going to be a private blow out, no wives, no girl friends, just her, the men, and a handful of whores. The booze flowed, and the cocaine popped, and as the evening wore on things became more and more boisterous. Pretty soon the men were out of their business suits and down to just pants and Tee shirts. Some of the whores were down to their underwear. The music was loud and the promises and claims of even greater successes became more and more exaggerated. One by one Carol noticed some of the men disappeared with one or more of the whores. They were having a great time. 

By 1:00 a.m. Carol was three sheets to the wind, and enjoying herself immensely, but it was hot. She shed her business suit and mandatory woman's tie. Her skirt clung to her legs making her feel clammy. Her blouse, a sheer white silk number hung on her like last week's laundry. The men all looked so relaxed. Some were down to their boxer shorts. She noticed none of them wore tighty whities. She bet that was the uniform of the liberal losers. These were real men. Only boxer shorts worked here. In the midst of this noise and confusion one of the more aggressive bosses, Bob Austin, approached her. Bob was tall and lean, every young woman's dream. Not married, rich, and powerful, he could be a great catch.

"Hey Carol." He said. "I'll bet you'd like to dance."

Carol wanted to do something. Dancing wasn't it, but she agreed. 

Bob was a terrific dancer. The first songs were up-tempo, and he really knew how to move. The dancing made her feel hot, but a little tired too. Bob could tell and offered to get her a drink and together he suggested they find a place to sit a couple tunes out. Carol agreed.

Bob came back with two tumblers filled to the brim with alcohol. He handed one to her. "Here drink up. This will put the swagger back in your step. I guarantee it."

Carol took it and quaffed it almost in one gulp. Bob gave her his, left her there, vowing to return with more. While he was gone she plowed into the second drink.

By the time Bob got back with two more Carol was hotter than ever. In fact, she felt ready for almost anything. Bob suggested they dance some more, and she heartily agreed. This time the music was slow, and she and Bob hugged themselves together like they were one. 

Bob started kissing her. She didn't resist. She was enjoying his warm lips and strong arms.

Bob started rubbing her body. He started with her head and neck, but slowly he worked his way down to her waist and ass. For a second Carol thought about stopping him, but the music was so soft, the heat from his body so penetrating, and the soft touch of his fingers persuaded her not to. What the hell she thought. This is my victory party too.

Bob unzipped her skirt, and started to ease it off her hips.

Carol tried to use her hands to prevent it from happening, but his persistence, her own increasing heat, and her inability to free her hands from his strong embrace proved too much. She felt the skirt fall to the floor.

One of the other men cut in. Carol slipped her feet from her fallen skirt and continued dancing with the new partner. While he hugged her close she felt other arms reaching around from behind. Carol found her self-dancing with two men, one in front and one behind. Both men had powerful erections. She felt them through her thin underpants. 

Carol tried to squirm away from the two men, but she couldn't get free. The one behind was slowly unbuttoning her blouse. She felt the man in front reaching for the clasp of her bra. Before she could do anything both her blouse and her bra were falling down around her arms and then to her wrists. The man behind stepped away, and the man in front, whom she could see was Bob again, twirled her around as they danced. As she twirled the man in the rear slipped both her blouse and bra off.

Carol found herself down to just her underpants and her high-heeled shoes. The man who was behind disappeared, and she found herself only with Bob again. He held her closely and offered another drink. Carol took it willingly, and downed it in almost one gulp. It had a sweet, almost cosmetic taste. She wondered for a second what was in it. Probably gin she thought, and went on dancing.

Bob whispered in her ear. "Carol you have a magnificent body, I really mean it. You've got to be the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."

Carol nestled up closer. Bob cupped her chin with his hand and pulled her face up to his. They kissed a long slow languorous kiss. Carol felt so hot, and so good. She wanted sex, but knew this was the wrong place and these were the wrong men. 

Bob held her in his gaze. "I want you Carol." 

Carol answered. "I want you too Bob, but I can't."

Bob held her closer. His right hand was gently rubbing her hot ass. He was pressing himself up against her. He could feel the moisture between her legs. "Why not? What are you afraid of?"

The tension was building between her legs. Her mind seemed to be a blur, probably from the booze. Carol answered in a soft but feverish whisper. "You know I can't give myself to you in front of all these men. They're our partners. What kind of woman would they think I am."

Bob pressed his lips to her ear and kissed it. He took one of his fingers and gently rubbed it up and down the soft nape of her neck. "What if you couldn't say no. What if someone took your ability to say no away?"

Carol was breathing heavily. She felt the hot wet pressure building up between her legs. His large hard erect penis was pushing against her mons. She wanted it. God she wanted it. "What do you mean?

Bob whispered. "Put your hands down."

Carol dropped her hands to her sides.

Bob caressed her neck with his lips. His hand rubbed her left breasts. "Hold still."

Carol pressed her body against Bob. She felt something wrap around her wrists. She heard two soft clicks. She tried to pull her hands away but they wouldn't budge. Her hands were cuffed behind her back.

Bob whispered in her ear. "Now you're no longer in control. I have you now. You can't escape. Whatever happens from this moment on is beyond your control. You're mine. You can't be held accountable. No one can say anything."

Carol listened to Bob and pushed her head down into his neck. He felt so good, so warm. His erect penis was so insistent, and now she couldn't use her hands to push him away. "Oh Bob. What should I do?"

Bob kept whispering in her ear how beautiful she was, and how totally and completely helpless she was. There was nothing she could do. No one could say she hadn't tried, but now she belonged to him or whoever had the keys to the cuffs There was no fault, no harm, she'd tried, but now she was free to what her body told her. She had no choice.

Carol listened, and it made sense. At least it seemed to make sense. Her pussy was burning up, and she wanted relief. She had to have sex, sex right now, and sex with Bob, or like Bob said, anyone who had the key to her cuffs. She said to Bob. "I want you."

Bob reached around and slowly pulled her panties down. She was completely naked, and the room was full of men, men she worked with, but it didn't matter. Bob had said it was OK. He had the key, and she needed it.

Bob half walked half carried her over to a large easy chair. He said. "Here sit down on my lap. As she sat down he pulled his pants down. She sat, and she felt his huge hard organ slip inside. It felt like dynamite. 

"Oh." She said. "That feels so good." She started humping up and down on Bob's lap. She noticed the other men were all watching, but she didn't care. She was getting what she wanted. 

Bob held her by the waist and half-guided half lifted her up and down. God he thought, she's great. He told her. "This is what you want. This is what you need, and even if you didn't, you have no choice because I and I alone have the keys to set you free. 

Together Bob and Carol bounced up and down on each other. He felt so hot and big inside her. Then, like an atomic bomb, his penis exploded. She knew she shouldn't want that, but his sperm went so deep inside. It was so hot, and felt so awful damn good. She lost control. She could feel herself squirting her own juices against his penis.

A few seconds later Carol could feel Bob's penis was slowly shriveling. It was losing its power. She wanted it to stay hard, and stay inside her, but she knew it was over. She squirmed off his lap. Half drunk, half asleep, and totally out of control she said. "OK. Take off the cuffs."

Bob whispered in her ear. "Carol. I gave the key to Hank. He got so excited watching us he wanted to have you too."

Carol heard Bob, but she was really groggy. "But I don't want to do Hank."

Bob cradled her head. He kissed her lips. "But Carol. Hank has the keys. You have to be with Hank now. You do want to get free don't you?"

Carol was either too drunk or too drugged to fully comprehend. She said. "But I don't want to do Hank."

Bob kissed her neck. He took a finger and gently rubbed it up and down her neck. He had a hand on one of her breasts. "Carol. You don't want to hurt Hank's feelings. He wants you. He has the keys. I know you want to get free. Why don't you just do Hank, and then you'll get the keys, get free, and go to sleep. You'd like that wouldn't you?"

Carol listened but didn't fully understand. She only knew Hank had the keys. Hank wanted to do her, and she didn't want to hurt Hank's feelings. She answered. "OK."

Hank was standing beside the chair. He held out his hand. "Carol." " He said. "You're so lovely. Can I make love to you in bed?"

Carol gave Hank a languid smile. She hadn't realized what a romantic he was. "Yes Hank." That was what she said.

Hank gently lifted her from Bob's lap and carried her into one of the bedrooms. Pulling down the top sheet with one hand he gently laid her on the coverlet. "You're so beautiful Carol. I love you." He went on. "I don't just want you now, just tonight. I want you always, or at least a momento. Can I have something as a keepsake?"

Carol tried to reach up with her arms to pull him down but her hands were behind her back. Her vagina was feeling very warm again, and she knew she needed more relief.

Hank took her in his arms. "Carol I want the tresses of your hair as a token of our love. Can I have them?"

Carol looked up. She was halfway alert. "You want my hair?"

Hank took out the key. He unlocked one of the cuffs, but quickly re-locked her hands to the top of 

the bed above her head. Hank kissed her lips. "Oh no. I don't want a single shred of the hair on your head. I want the hair around you beautiful pussy. Would you let me have it?"

Carol looked at Hank. She thought how wonderfully romantic he was. "You want my pussy hair?"

Hank answered. "Oh yes. May I?"

Carol answered. "As you see I'm at your mercy. Please be gentle"

Hank stepped away only for an instant but returned with a razor, a bowl of warm water, a towel, 

and some shaving cream. He kneeled beside her on the bed. He kissed her lips, Her gently rubbed her breasts, and then kissed each sweet aureole. Then he took the water, shave cream, and razor and denuded her pussy. He was careful not to scratch or cut her, and all the while he whispered his love for her, and stroked her breasts, stomach, and soft vagina. 

Once her pussy was shaved completely clean Hank lay upon her and slowly inserted his massively erect penis in her vagina. He moved slowly wanting to enjoy every single stroke.

Carol was beside herself. She was in ecstasy. "Heavens." She cried out. "Oh Hank. I love you. I love you!"

Hank answered. "I love you Carol. You're the sweetest, warmest person in the world. I can't get enough of you. 

Together they rose and fell. His penis probed deep inside her. With every thrust she answered with her pelvis. Then together, in a moment of carnal triumph both Hank and Carol experienced the orgasm of their lives. 

Hank rolled off and looked over at Carol. "I love you Carol. I can't live without you. Do you love me?"

Carol answered. "Oh I love you Hank. I love you so much."

Hank said. I have something I want you to wear for me. Will you wear it."

Carol was in a daze. "I'll wear anything for you."

Hank slipped out a small metal collar. "I want you to wear my collar. Will you wear my collar Carol?'

Carol answered. "Yes I'll wear your collar, but why do you want me to wear a collar?"

Hank snapped the collar around her neck. "I want you to wear my collar because the collar is attached to this chain. I'm going to fasten this chain to the top of the bed. That way I'll know you'll be here for me when I get back. Will you let me do that?" 

Carol sighed. "You are my hero Hank. You have the keys to my cuffs and to my heart. How can I say no to you?" 

Hank took a small padlock and hitched the chain to the collar, then he took a second padlock and snapped the other end of the chain to the top of the bed. "Now you're mine Carol. You're really mine. I want you forever. I love you Carol."

Carol was drunk with Hank's passion. "I love you Hank. I'd do anything for you.

Hank said. "I have to go to the bathroom. Wait for me. Will you wait for me?"

Carol was almost nonsensical. She replied. "I'll be here. I'll be here until you release me. I'll be here for you."

Hank stepped away, and Carol drifted off thinking how much more wonderful Hank was compared to Bob. She liked Bob. Her was a good coworker, but Hank really loved her, and she loved him.

She must have drifted off to sleep momentarily for when she awakened it wasn't Hank kneeling beside her. It was Allen. Allen leaned over and kissed her precious lips. He said. "Hank had to leave. His mother was being rushed to the hospital, but he gave me the keys, and he gave me something for you to drink."

Carol looked up at Allen. "Hank had to leave?"

Allen looked down at her with a loving gaze. "Yes. His mother was rushed to the hospital, and he had to leave, but before he left he told me he knew you'd be thirsty, and he wanted me to take care of you while he was gone."

Carol looked dreamily at Allen. "Hank is so sweet. He left me something to drink?"

Allen said. "Yes. Here it is darling. Let me cup you beautiful head in my hand while you drink your fill."

Carol realized she really was very thirsty, and she thought how sweet it was for Allen to hold her so gently while she drank. She said as she finished the sweet tasting beverage. "Thank you Allen."

Allen lay down beside her. "Carol." He said. "I love you. I've loved you since the first moment I laid eyes on you. I love your beautiful face, your long brown hair, your sweet lips, those adorable supple breasts and your sweet tender vagina."

Carol looked up at Allen. She thought how wonderful it was. She'd never realized how much he cared for her. It made her feel all warm inside. In fact, as she lay with her head in his arms he looked so handsome, so strong. She started to feel hot between her legs again. She said. "Allen I never knew."

Allen pressed his lips against hers. He cupped her breasts in his hands. He took his hand and gently wiped over her vagina. "Carol" He said. "I love you. I need you. I want to make love to you." He pressed another kiss on her lips.

Carol answered. "I love you Allen. Make love to me."

Allen climbed on top, and thrust his hard organ deep inside her.

Carol felt its power and its warmth. She'd never felt so loved or so wanted before. If only she'd known before how much Allen loved her. She would have done anything for him. 

Together Carol and Allen made wild passionate love. She was lost in a sea of lust and pleasure. Allen was so strong and so dominating. She liked the feel of his arms around her, the power of his strokes. Together they reached a peak of emotional power, and then it was over.

Allen held her closely in his arms. He whispered. "I love you Carol. You're the one woman in the world for me." He reached up with the key to the cuffs and undid her from the head of the bed, but before she could react he re-cuffed her hands together. He leaned over to her and said. "I love you Carol. I can't let you go. I have something for you."

Carol said. "Allen. I love you too. I'll accept whatever you have for me."

Allen reached down and pulled forth a second pair of cuffs. "These are for your ankles Carol. I can't bear letting you leave this bed for a minute. I need you to be right here." With that he cuffed her ankles together. The length of chain separating her ankles was barely six inches. He told her. "I have to see someone. I have something else I want to give you, and I have to go and get it. I had to cuff your feet, because I'm afraid you might leave me while I'm gone."

Carol had trouble focusing, but she could still see her Allen. What he was saying didn't completely make sense, but it didn't seem to matter. She answered. "I'll be here. I'll wait here for you."

Allen stood up, but before walking away he leaned in and kissed her beautiful lips one last time. "I love you." He said. "I'll be right back."

Allen came back with something in his hand. "Carol I have something very special for you. It's a special message." He rolled her over on her stomach. 

Carol could feel his hands on her ass cheeks. He was writing or drawing something.

Allen whispered in her ear "This is a mark of my love for you."

Carol answered "I love you Allen. She tried to remember. There had been somebody else, but she couldn't remember. It was Allen who she loved. That was all she remembered. She fell sound asleep. 

Carol awakened slowly the following morning. The first thing she noticed was her hands and feet were cuffed together, and a collar with an attached chain kept her form getting out of bed. She said to no one in particular. "What's going on?" Then she thought back. She tried to remember the previous night. She remembered Bob, and then there was someone else, and she thought she remembered Allen, or was it Hank. She couldn't be sure. She sat up on the bed. She saw a pair of cuffs kept her hands close together, and another pair of cuffs held her feet. She felt a metal collar around her neck, and saw the chain that went form her collar to the top of the bed. She thought. What am I doing? I'm all chained up. I'm even calling the collar around my neck my collar. How did I get this way? What happened? Then she looked down at her vagina. Oh my God she thought. Someone had shaved her pussy. How did that happen? She almost laughed. Of course she knew how it happened, but why did it happen and who did it?

Carol sat on the side of the bed and called out "Is anyone there?"

The door opened and in walked a maid. "Good morning" said the maid. "How do you feel?"

Carol answered "I feel terrible. How did I get like this. Can you help me?"

The maid answered. "I'm supposed to unlock your chains, and help you get a bath. Then I'm supposed to get you to watch a video.
