 It was the summer of 1965. Viet Nam was starting to become a country that we heard about all too often, and I had just graduated from high school a month previously. I knew that I wasn't ready to go to college now and that good old Uncle Sam had set his sights on young men such as myself. He was offering us an all expense paid vacation to the other side of the world, and all you had to do was sign on the dotted line. 

In early anticipation of this, I decided to go ahead and enlist early and, by doing so, be able to get a job that might actually help me in later life. I was scheduled to leave for boot camp on the twentieth of July and here it was the eighteenth and I hadn't had a date for several weeks. I knew that if I didn't luck out in the next couple of days, it was going to be a very long dry spell with nothing to look forward to except my favorite companion, Mrs. Thumb and her four daughters. 

At this time, I still lived with my parents in a small suburb outside of Washington, DC. We had fixed up the basement in our house for my room, allowing me to be able to practice my drums and guitar as the urge hit me and not disturb either my parents or sister. I had my own entrance to and from my room and, because of my age, my parents never seemed too concerned about my comings and goings. 

I had two windows in my room, one of which was a rather large one that faced our backyard and a small casement type window, which was under a small bunch of shrubs surrounding the front of our house. 

I had only lived in this neighborhood for a year and didn't know many of the kids on the block unless we had been in classes together at school. 

On this particular night, it was already after ten PM. I was lying on my bed reading, when I heard tapping coming from the small casement window above my bed. I put my book aside and listened. In a few moments the tapping came again. I turned off my reading light, stood on my bed, and looked out through the window. 

"Hey, Pat, are you there?" I heard a female's voice ask. The tapping started again. "Pat, are you in there? It's me, Karla, from homeroom class." 

"Yeah, I'm here. What do you want?" I replied. 

"We just heard that you're leaving for the service in a few days and wanted to invite you over to my house for a going away party tonight," Karla said. 

"Do you know that it's after ten, and I have to get up early tomorrow?" I asked. 

"Come on, Pat, come on over. We want to say goodbye to you before you leave," Karla responded. 

"Who's at this party," I asked, "and do I have to dress up?" 

"No, just come as you are right now and, so far, it's just me and Sarah. Later on, though, there might be a few others come over, but don't worry 'cause you know them all." 

"Well, ok, I guess I can come over for a while," I told her. "Give me about fifteen minutes and I'll be on down." 

As she backed away from the window, the streetlight behind her allowed me to see that she was wearing something pretty thin, because I could see a silhouette of her body through her clothes. I cleaned up a little bit and left my room, heading over to Karla's house. 

When I arrived I noticed that there was no car in the driveway and no lights on in the house, except for a small light in the basement area. I knocked at the door and Karla opened it to let me in. It was dark in the little foyer and, as far as I could tell, she just had her nightgown on. 

"We're glad you decided to come over, Pat. Sarah and I are staying in the family room while my parents are out of town. It's a really neat place to have a going away party," Karla said. "Would you like a Coke, or something else, maybe?" 

"Yeah, a Coke would be fine," I assured her and she left to grab one from the fridge for me. 

As she handed it to me, she opened the door leading to her family room and I saw that the only source of light were the six or seven candles that were burning here and there around the room. The radio was on softly, playing some popular songs, and there was a sleeping mat on the floor, off to one side, already made up for use. Karla's friend, Sarah, was sitting on a couch across from the mat, and I noticed that she too was wearing only her nightgown. 

"You say that your parents are gone?" I asked Karla. 

"Yes, at least till tomorrow night late. Until then, we're on our own." 

She took my hand and walked me over to the couch where I sat down next to Sarah, and Karla took her spot on my other side. I sat there, drinking my Coke and listening to the music, wondering just what was going on, when a slow song started to play. 

"Do you want to try a dance, Pat?" Karla asked and, without waiting for an answer, pulled me to my feet towards the only small spot available in the room to dance. 

I have never been known for my ability to trip the light fantastic and this night was no exception. I awkwardly put my arm around her lower back and held onto her hand, keeping a respectable distance between our bodies. Karla leaned into me and placed her head on my shoulder, then moved my hand down from her back to rest on the cheek of her ass. 

I could tell as she pressed into me that she wasn't wearing a bra. I could feel her hardened nipples through my t-shirt. I cautiously moved my hand around on her ass cheek and discovered that she had no panties on as well. 

We swayed slowly to the music and, at one point; she pressed her hips into mine. I had already become slightly aroused, and feeling her warm midsection pressing into mine pushed me painfully to a full erection. I broke contact with her for a moment as I turned and tried to arrange my cock to a more comfortable position in my jeans. 

"What's the matter, Pat," Karla asked as she smiled at my discomfort, "you seem to have a rather large problem down there, don't you?" 

I glanced over at Sarah and saw that she was grinning from ear to ear. 

"Karla, I think it's my turn to dance with him now," she said. "It's no fair that you have all the fun tonight." 

In a moment of complete clarity that exists only in the minds of young men, I said, "Hey girls, why don't we all dance together?" 

"Not right now, Pat, I want to dance with you by myself first," Sarah told me. 

She stood and moved into my arms, placing her hands on my ass and pulling me tightly against her. I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands and found that she wasn't wearing panties either. Her ass felt wonderful as I gently squeezed and caressed her round cheeks through her nightgown. Her breasts were pressed against my chest as she turned her head and lightly brushed her lips on my neck, causing chills of delight to course through my body. I pulled her tightly to me and pressed my hard cock against her warm and inviting crotch. She uttered a small moan and kissed my neck again. 

"Alright you guys," Karla said as she moved to our side and put her arms around both of our shoulders, "is there room in this dance for one more?" 

Sarah and I both turned slightly towards her and opened our arms. Karla stepped into the opening and I put my arm around her waist and pulled her closer to us. I leaned over slightly and slowly kissed first Sarah, then Karla, using just the tip of my tongue to gently part their lips and enter their warm mouths. It was then that I tasted what I had suspected from the first moment this evening. They had been drinking and even though not acting too buzzed, they were at that point when their inhibitions were somewhat relaxed and I was to be the lucky recipient of what was to follow. 

PART 2

As we stood there, the three of us in a soft embrace, Karla placed her hand against the front of my jeans and rubbed my stiff cock lightly, then took Sarah's hand and did the same. I pressed my hips tightly against both of the girls' hands and moaned. 

"Wouldn't you be more comfortable if you took your jeans off?" Karla asked. "Remember, there's no one here but us." 

"What about the other kids you told me might be coming by? I don't want to be caught in here with my pants off when they show up," I stated. 

"Oh, don't worry about that, Pat, there are no other kids coming," Karla told me. "I just told you that to make sure that you'd come over and join us." She grinned at me and said, "Sarah and I are your entire going away party." 

I looked at both girls, shrugged my shoulders and proceeded to take my jeans off. They stood side by side and watched as my cock, now free from the confines of the tight jeans, rigidly pressed against my jockey shorts causing the top to pull away from my belly and allowing them a sneak peak at my tool. 

"Damn," they both muttered, looking at each other and grinning, "I think we have a keeper here." 

I placed my jeans on a nearby chair, then turned back to the two girls and asked, "Ok, now what?" 

"Let's play spin the bottle," Sarah said. 

I watched as the girls moved to the mat and sat down, their breasts bouncing against the fabric of their nightgowns as they did so. I walked over and sat down myself, sitting cross-legged and facing them both. They tucked their legs under them as only women can do, and hiked their nightgowns up about mid-thigh. Karla reached behind her back and produced an empty wine bottle, placing it on the mat between the three of us and gave it a quick spin. 

As luck would have it, and considering that I was the only male in attendance, when the bottle finally came to a stop it was pointing straight at me. Karla laughed and leaned towards me as I did the same. I had to get on my knees in order to reach her and, as I did, my cock slipped out of my shorts and was in plain view of both of them. 

Karla put her arms around my neck and, as our lips touched, she opened her mouth slightly and pushed her tongue into mine. We kissed like that for what seemed a long time before Sarah reminded us that she was there too. Our kiss broke apart and Sarah leaned in and spun the bottle. 

This time the bottle stopped pointing at Karla. Both of them broke into giggles and Karla told Sarah, "You can't get out of it now, you have to kiss me, and it's the rules." 

Sarah blushed a deep red and turned towards Karla and said, "Ok, I don't have a problem with that." 

She leaned over and waited for Karla to kiss her. I was expecting to see a quick peck on the lips to comply with the rules but was completely surprised when they put their arms around each other and really got into it. Sarah put her hand on Karla's upper leg and began to rub it in slow circles and, with each circle, more of Karla's thigh was uncovered to my eyes. The room didn't have enough light to see well, but I could swear that I was seeing Karla's pussy hair under her gown. 

The girls finished their kiss and looked at me to see if I approved of what they had done. I nodded my head and smiled, then spun the bottle for myself. 

The bottle came to rest, pointing at Sarah. She quickly leaned towards me and pulled my face to hers, kissing me deeply with her tongue darting in and out of my mouth. My cock was still sticking out of my shorts, waving around like it had a mind of its own, when I felt a hand softly grip my shaft and begin to slowly move her hand up and down its length. My breath locked in my throat as I realized that Karla was jacking me off right in front of Sarah. 

"Why don't we all lie down so we can be more comfortable," Sarah said to us, "besides, I want to help you do what you're doing to him." 

"You mean help me jack him off?" Karla said. 

"Yes, I want to help you jack Pat off." 

At this point in time I don't think I would have cared whichever one of them had done it. I just didn't want them to stop. 

"Oh, God, that feels so good," I moaned. "Please don't stop." 

Sarah put her hand below Karla's and they quickly got into a rhythm together, stroking my swollen cock up and down. They were on either side of me and up on one elbow looking towards me. Karla removed her hand from her head and then pulled her nightgown up above her waist. She took my hand and placed it between her legs and lightly pressed my forefinger into her slit. 

Sarah saw what Karla had done and then pulled her nightgown up, opened her legs wider and placed my other hand on top of her pussy. I cupped her mound and then took it upon myself to put my finger into her moist slit too. 

"I'm going to cum." I moaned to them, "I'm Cumming now." 

They both watched my cock head as the first spurt of cum arced up into the air to land on my belly. Their eyes opened wide as the next wave of my man juice boiled up and out of my prick, covering both of the girls' hands with my thick white spunk. 

I groaned and pushed both of my fingers into the girls' pussies as far as I could from the position I was in. I heard their quick intake of breath and both started to move their hips in an up and down motion as my fingers tried to reach deeper into them.  

I slid my fingers out of their pussies and then slowly ran them up and down their hairy slits till I reached the little nubs I was searching for. As soon as my fingers applied a little pressure to them and rubbed them in small circles, Sarah moaned and I felt her body tense. She arched her back and slammed her open legs closed. She opened her mouth to speak but all that came out was a long drawn out moan. 

"Oh my Godddddddd, that feels sooooo gooooood, Pat, don't stop. Don't stop doing that. Keep rubbing me like that." 

I leaned over towards her and stuck my tongue into her mouth, all the while rubbing her clit. Her hips were bucking off the floor and her legs were opening and closing with each stroke of my finger. 

"Aaaarrrgggggggg," she cried out as, at last, her orgasm started to course through her body. 

Karla had turned more towards me so she could watch Sarah as she came. I released Sarah and put my arms around Karla, rolling her to her back. I put another finger in her cunt, increased my speed, and soon had her rocking in her own orgasm till she totally collapsed and lay quietly beside me. 

PART 3

"Man, I'm hot as hell now, "Karla said. 

She sat up and pulled her nightgown over her head, tossing it aside. I looked at her and, for the first time, saw her tits. They were beautiful. They were round and perky with nipples that were quite pronounced. She had a small mole on the side nearest me and, for some reason, I wanted to kiss that spot. I pulled her towards me and kissed her breast. She sucked her breath in quickly and sighed. She turned so that I could kiss more of them and at this point I made an important discovery about women. As I sucked her nipple into my mouth and started to run my tongue around it, she started to quiver all over. 

Her breathing became very fast and shallow and she threw her head back and said, "I'm going to cum again, Pat. Suck my tit harder and use your teeth lightly on my nipple. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried out. 

She put her hand down between her legs and started to rub her clit furiously till she flopped backwards and came. I looked at her pussy and saw that her juice was leaking out and running down the crack of her ass. 

I was amazed at what had just happened. I looked at Karla lying there beside me and she told me that for some reason, if her tits are getting sucked on, that's all it takes for her to cum. 

Sarah had, of course, seen all this and, not to be outdone, took her gown off and then lay back down beside me on the mat. Her breasts were slightly larger than Karla's but her nipples were not as pronounced. 

She looked over at me and whispered, "It's my turn now." 

She threw her arms around me and kissed me hard, using her tongue to lick all around the inside of my mouth. She took my hand and placed it on her pussy and started to move her hips in a rhythmic motion, my hand following her movements exactly. As we finished our kiss, I decided to try something that I had never done before but had heard some of the guys talking about. 

"Has anyone ever gone down on you?" I asked her. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Has a guy ever put his face between your legs and licked you there?" I asked. 

She shot a very quick look at Karla and said, "Well, sorta, but it wasn't a guy that did it." 

I looked at Karla and then back to Sarah, the truth finally dawning on me. 

"You mean that you and Karla... have done this?" 

"Many times, Pat, and we love it too. In fact, that's what we were doing when Sarah suggested we go and see if you wanted to come over," Karla said. 

"We wondered how a guy would do it differently than we do," Sarah said. "You have done it before, haven't you?" 

"Well, no, I haven't, but I'm a quick learner," I said truthfully. 

"Do you want to try then, and learn from us?" Karla asked. 

I pondered this for but a moment before I looked at them both and said, "Well, I'm game if you all are." 

I pushed myself down the mat until I was between Sarah's legs. She opened them wider and took her hands and opened her pussy lips. 

"Lick me from the top of my slit to the bottom and then, when you get to the top again, suck on my clit gently until I tell you to do it harder." I did as she asked and when my tongue first touched her pussy she moaned and removed one of her hands, putting it behind my head. "Oh yes, that's it, that's it, lick me just like that. Put your fingers in my pussy and finger-fuck me while you lick me," she said. "Ohhhh, you're doing it just right, Pat," she moaned. "This time I want you to use your teeth very lightly on my clit." 

As I worked at her pussy, doing my best to make her feel good, I saw Karla sucking on one of Sarah's tits. 

"Yesssssss, this feels soooooo good," Sarah moaned again. "I'm going to cum very soooooon. "Don't stop, oh Goddddddd, don't stop doing what you're doing to me. Here it comes. I'm cumming nowwwwwwww," Sarah cried out. 

Both Karla and I waited till her orgasm has subsided before we stopped playing with her. I crawled from between her legs and asked her if she enjoyed it. 

She just smiled at the two of us and said, "Very much so, thank you both."