 I woke up with a start as the door to the bedroom slammed shut.

"Time to get up slaves!" Vanessa chimed.

She came over and pulled us out of the bed, shooing us into the bathroom and into the shower.

"Get cleaned up. I'll be waiting." she said. "Don't take long, we don't want our guests to get bored."

Shannon and I washed each other and cleaned the sex from the previous night off of our bodies, hurrying to finish getting ready so we didn't keep Vanessa waiting.

When we came out of the bathroom she was sitting on the bed. She handed us both a matching black pair of bras and panties and we slipped them on. We laced on the heels from the night before, She snapped our little slave collars back on, and then disappeared into the closet. 

Outside the bedroom door I could faintly hear the sound of people laughing and talking. It sounded like there was a pretty big crowd. I started to wonder how many friends Shannon and I were going to entertain. 

Vanessa came out of the closet holding a pair of ball gags and tossed them on the bed.

"Put these one each other. Make sure they're nice and tight. We wouldn't want you spitting them out." She grinned and walked into the bathroom.

I took one of the gags and Shannon grabbed the other. I turned to her and gently lifted her hair out of the way, putting the strap around her neck. She stared into my eyes as her lips gently parted, letting me slide the gag between them. I cinched it down tight, being careful not to hurt her. Her eyes followed mine as she strapped the second gag around me. I could see the desire burning in them as she finished tightening it down.

I looked her up and down and couldn't help but feel my pussy start to get wet. I knew we were about to walk into an orgy, and she looked so fucking hot. The little black thong barely covered her pussy and the bra pushed her tits up and together so they almost fell out. I just wanted to throw her on the bed and devour her. I knew I looked the same way and I could tell she wanted to fuck my brains out from the way she was looking at me. 

Vanessa came out of the bathroom totally nude, except for a pair of stiletto heels, and holding a long silver chain. She clipped one end onto my collar and the other to Shannon's, leaving enough slack so she could hold the middle and pull us along. She came close to me and her hand slid between my legs, rubbing against my damp panties. My knees went weak and I leaned against her, my eyes closing as her fingers swirled around my clit and she looked over my shoulder at Shannon.

"Are my little sluts ready to get fucked?" she grinned. Neither of us could speak because of the gags, but I moaned into her shoulder as she played with my pussy.

Her fingers left my clit and I stumbled as she moved away and grabbed the middle of the chain. She led us out of the bedroom and down the stairs toward the den. As we got closer the laughing and talking got louder and I could tell the number of guys was pretty big.

We got to the bottom of the stairs and I saw a bunch of guys mingling in the den, drinking and talking. The den had 2 long sofa's, framing a big, solid wooden coffee table, and a giant fireplace in the front. The guys were still talking and hadn't noticed us yet. It looked like there were about 15 there, including John. I recognized a bunch from the club, but there were several I didn't think I'd ever met. 

Suddenly their voices died down to a whisper as they heard our heels clacking on the tile and their heads turned to look. Vanessa tugged on our chain, leading us right into the middle of the group before stopping. "Which of you boys feels like playing with our little slaves?" she asked.

Every guy in the room laughed or raised their hand. Vanessa turned back to us with a big smile on her face.

"Why don't you ladies put on a show to get these nice boys all warmed up?" she said. She let go of the chain and took a seat on the sofa next to John.

I turned to Shannon and put my hands on her shoulders, gently pushing her back until the backs of her knees bumped the table. She sat down and I knelt in front of her, sliding my hands up the inside of her thighs and spreading her legs. I pulled her panties to the side and started rubbing two of my fingers up and down along her dripping slit, coating them with her pussy juices. I pushed my other hand against her chest until she was laying flat on the table. Once my fingers were slick and slippery, I spread her glistening pink lips open and pushed them into her hole. I started slowly sliding them in and out, fucking her with my fingers as the tips curled upward and pushed against her g-spot.

She started to moan around the gag and her hands moved to her luscious tits, freeing them from her bra. She lifted her legs up and spread them wider, her heels resting on my back as my fingers worked inside her tight cunt. She was squeezing her nipples hard, rolling them around in her fingers and pulling on them as the guys around us started to strip. I fluttered my hand along her flat stomach and chest, stroking the soft skin gently as I twisted my fingers around in her pussy. Her pussy started to gush on my fingers as she moaned out around the gag and writhed around on the table under my hands. 

Vanessa reached under a pillow on the couch, pulling out a long double dildo and bringing it over to me. She knelt down next to me and pushed the head past her lips and down her throat, making it wet and shiny with her saliva. I watched the twitches of her neck muscles intently, breathing heavily around the gag in my mouth as she pushed the dildo in and out of her throat. Finally she pulled it out with a sigh and handed it to me. I pumped the shaft up and down a couple times in my fist, spreading the slickness over the surface and mixing it with Shannon's pussy juices. I put the head at Shannon's pussy and gently pushed, watching the fat head split her lips open and until it was lodged halfway inside.

She rolled over on her stomach and crawled onto the table facing away from me, the half of the dildo sticking out of her pussy and lewdly flopping around as her hips moved. I climbed up on the table with her and turned around, lining up the end of the dildo with my own pussy. I reached over my ass and spread my pussy lips open, pushing back onto the dildo and feeling it slide into me. I kept pushing backward until our ass cheeks kissed together. My mind flashed back to when she had me tied down on the bed with our own favorite double dildo planted in my ass, riding it like a slutty cowgirl. I started pushing against her faster as we quickly found a rhythm, our butts smacking together as the dildo emptied and filled both of us at the same time. 

I looked up and saw that Vanessa was sitting next to her husband again and had her head buried in his lap, his cock tickling her tonsils.

My pussy was dripping juices onto the table underneath us and I was starting to sweat. I reached one hand back and gripped Shannon's thigh, pulling her into me even harder. We were both moaning around the gags in our mouths as the sound of our ass cheeks slapping together filled the room.

I looked around and saw all the guys in the room were almost completely naked and stroking themselves now. Vanessa stood up and walked over to us, pulling off both of our gags. I pulled off of Shannon and turned around, sliding the dildo out of her pussy. I grabbed her legs and flipped her over, laying down on top of her so our tits pressed together. I put the slick dildo to her lips and our tongues danced along the surface, lapping up the sweet, shiny mix of our juices as she wrapped her legs around my waist. 

One of the guys walked up to the end of the table and pushed his cock between our lips. I moved the dildo away and we started bathing his cock with our tongues. He pushed it past my lips and I sucked on the head as Shannon pulled his balls into her mouth. I swirled my tongue around his head, tasting his pre-cum as Shannon's mouth made wet slurping sounds on his balls. He pulled out of my mouth and slapped the slick head against Shannon's lips, before she opened them and his cock sank into her throat. I watched her neck muscles bulge as his cock stretched her throat and his balls smacked against her face. I could see the swollen shape of his cock in her throat and I dragged my tongue up and down her neck, following the bulge of his cock head as it fucked in and out.

I gasped as I felt a cock push into my sopping pussy from behind.

"Oh fuck... mmmm..." I moaned as he started pounding my pussy. My body bounced on top of Shannon's, riding her like a wave as our soft tits mashed together and the 2 cocks thumped into our bodies.

The cock fucking her throat finally pulled out, little strings of her saliva stretching between her lips as the guy started jerking it off in front of our faces. I leaned down and shoved my tongue into Shannon's mouth, tasting pre-cum on her lips as . The guy groaned and a huge gush of milky white cum erupted out of the tip of his cock, splashing all over our lips and tongues as we kissed. We lapped it up and played with it on our tongues until the last of it had slid down our throats.

The rest of the guys descended on us. I felt the cock ripped from my pussy as I was yanked off of Shannon, the chain connecting us forcing her to follow quickly as they dragged us toward the bedroom. Vanessa led them in and they tossed us on the bed together.

I climbed on top of Shannon and buried my face in her pussy as one of the guys knelt in front of me, spreading her thighs wide and driving his cock into her silky folds. I reached underneath his pumping shaft and gripped his balls, gently squeezing and massaging them as he plunged in and out of her cunt. My head lowered to her pussy and I sucked her clit between my lips, pushing the tip of my tongue hard against her hood and swirling it around. She moaned into my cunt as another guy kneel behind me, his blunt cock poking at my pussy lips. Shannon moved her head, making room for him, and his cock plunged into my slippery pussy, filling me as Shannon flicked my clit with her tongue. I sucked on her clit harder and I heard her whimper from between my legs as her body tensed. As I watched, her juices gushed out around the cock pumping her pussy, making it shiny and slippery. I pulled the cock out of her pussy and sucked it into my mouth, tasting her orgasm. I licked and sucked the shaft, cleaning it of her fresh, sweet cum, and then placing the tip back at the entrance of her pussy so he could fill her again.

I looked over and saw Vanessa kneeling down next to the bed with the crowd of guys standing around her. One of them pushed his cock into her mouth and she sucked it for a second, then switched to another one. She moved from cock to cock, keeping them hard and ready to fuck me and Shannon.

The guy in Shannon's pussy pulled out again and I inhaled his cock, savoring her sweet juices dripping on the shaft, and pushing my mouth down on it until it filled my throat. He started fucking my face faster, his cock punching in and out of my mouth as his balls slapped against mu chin. The two guys fucking me built up a rhythm, pushing and pulling me on and off their cocks, one hole emptying as the other was filled. They stroked me back and forth as I reached down and found Shannon's clit with my fingers, rubbing it in tight little circles as her tongue lapped mine, both of us beginning to feel the tingles of an orgasm coming on. I felt the cock fucking my pussy swell and explode, spewing hot cum inside my sopping cunt. It flopped out and was quickly replaced by another.

Out of the corner of my eye I sensed movement, and I glanced over to see that Vanessa had positioned a mirror next to the bed so I could see what was going on. I saw all four of our bodies moving in unison, my tangle of blonde hair swaying forward and back as the guys filled me from both ends, and Shannon's brown tousled mane disappearing between my legs as she played with my pussy.

The guy fucking my face pulled out and I watched the tip of his cock as the hole opened and a gush of cum jetted out, dousing my face in the warm, creamy fluid. The cum splashed off my lips and chin and dripped down onto my fingers as they gently rubbed Shannon's pussy, oozing through them and mixing with her own cum.

"Oh yes... squirt all over my face!" I moaned, my tongue frantically lapping at the air to try and capture the last few drops of cum from his cock.

I bent my head down and smeared some of the jizz on my lips into Shannon's clit before lapping the warm juice up with the flat of my tongue. Her hips writhed and she whimpered with pleasure as I pressed my tongue into her clit and lashed it back and forth. I looked between my legs and saw her gripping the guy's balls as he fucked me, gently pulling on them and massaging them until he buried himself completely inside me and flooded my cunt with sperm.

I collapsed on top of Shannon as he withdrew from my dripping pussy, then rolled over and flipped around so we were laying side by side. One of the guys took the open opportunity to crawl on top of her and fill her pussy with cock.

Vanessa suddenly appeared in front of me, an absolutely huge strap-on bouncing in front of her as she climbed up on the bed between my legs. The thing was at least a foot long and as thick around as my arm. The head looked like a small grapefruit. My mouth fell open as she put the tip of the fat head at the entrance to my sloppy pussy, and slowly started to push.

"Oh my god, that thing is huge!" I cried out, feeling the head split my mound and inch slowly inside me, stretching my tight pussy out.

I instinctively tried to close my legs and Vanessa slapped my thighs.

"Open those fucking legs, slave!"

I grabbed one of the guys cocks in my hands and inhaled it, trying to keep from crying out. I was glad Vanessa had waited to bring this enormous strap-on out until some of the guys had cum inside me. The slippery fluid eased the way a little bit. I could feel it bubbling out around the shaft and trickling over my asshole. Slowly the enormous strap-on slid into me, stretching out every little silky fold inside my cunt. I laid my head back, my eyes glazing over and my eyelids fluttering. I couldn't remember ever having something this big inside me. The pressure was incredible. My breath left me as the last of the shaft completely disappeared. I could practically feel the head of the cock in my fucking ribs. Vanessa rested her weight against me and stayed still for a long time, letting my pussy get used to the size. 

The guy I'd been sucking moved over to fuck Shannon and another knelt down to take his place. I grabbed the base of his cock and licked up the shaft, tasting Shannon's pussy on him. He must have just been fucking her. His cock was wet with her juices. I looked over at her as she lay face-down on the bed, the guy I'd been blowing now riding her ass. Her hands were balled up, gripping the sheets, and she was biting down on a pillow as he plowed her.

Vanessa started to slowly pull the giant strap-on out of my pussy. I could feel my slick labia gripping the shaft as it withdrew. She pulled it almost all the way out, the huge head stretching the tight entrance of my pussy, before she plunged down, forcing the entire length inside me.

"UUNGH!!" I gasped out, my lungs emptying as the huge cock filled me completely. My body jerked as I felt it push against my cervix.

Vanessa pulled back again, starting to fuck the strap-on into me slowly. Gradually the discomfort turned to pleasure as the thick shaft stretched me out, and she started sawing the cock in and out of my cunt faster and faster. It felt like every little nerve-ending inside my cunt was being stimulated at once. Shannon crawled over to me and kissed me, her tongue slipping into my mouth as I groaned out. She licked down my neck and wrapped her lips around one of my stiffened nipples, while her fingers played with the other. She slid her other hand down to my ass, gently massaging the hole with the cum that had run down from my pussy. I felt her slip a finger inside, then another, fingering my ass in time with Vanessa's thrusts.

"Such a good little slave." Vanessa purred to Shannon. "Keep playing with her tight little asshole."

I closed my eyes as she continued pounding me, my fists balled up by my sides, gripping the sheets. Every time the enormous rod bottomed out I could feel it punch against my cervix, sending a pleasurable shudder though my whole body. Shannon kept playing with my ass, adding another finger as she suckled on my nipple. I was just beginning to feel a powerful orgasm come on when I felt the bed shifting. I opened my eyes and saw five of the guys kneeling around my head, stroking their cocks toward my face. Shannon let go of my nipple and took one of them in her mouth, bobbing her head up and down as the rest of them pounded their cocks in their fists.

Vanessa's thrusting picked up speed, hammering in and out of me as my slick, puffy pussy took every inch of the huge phallus. She laid down on top of me and kissed me, sucking my tongue between her lips as her hips slammed into me. Her dark hair fell around my face as I felt her stiff nipples pushing against mine.

"Don't you dare cum until I tell you." she hissed, her lips almost touching mine.

All of the guys around me started breathing harder and harder and I closed my eyes as I felt the fat head of the dildo stretching my cunt. My pussy was tingling with the most intense pleasure I'd ever felt as my skin flushed pink. Vanessa leaned up and grabbed my thighs, pushing them back and spreading me open. Shannon's fingers plunged in and out my ass, twisting and thrusting faster and faster, little rivulets of cum running down from my pussy and over her hand. I gasped, my head tilting back and my mouth falling open as I felt my orgasm threatening to crash down on me like a waterfall.

Through the haze of pleasure I faintly heard Vanessa whisper "...Now." 

My eyes fluttered open and five thick ropes of white cum shot across my face, drenching me with warm semen. My open mouth quickly filled up with cum, almost drowning me as my body clenched in orgasm. My back arched and I shook wildly, my eyes rolling back into my head as Vanessa buried the 12 inch cock to the hilt inside me. I tried to scream, but all that came out was a muffled gargle as the pool of gooey white cum bounced around inside my mouth. I gasped, managing to swallow down the thick mouthful of fluid before moaning out. Another wave of orgasm washed over me as Vanessa pulled the cock out and thrust it in again, cum squirting from my pussy like a fountain. My body convulsed and fireworks exploded behind my eyes, gradually spreading and then fading to black as I passed out, Vanessa's strap-on still buried completely inside of me, and Shannon lapping the dripping cum off my lips and face.

I felt warm cum rolling down my chest as my eyes slowly started to crack open. My face felt wet and slick as I blinked against the light, consciousness returning to me slowly. My throat felt raw and my muscles ached as I looked down and watched the white fluid rolling down my tits and collecting in my navel. Some of it had overflowed and several streams ran down my sides and wet the sheets beneath me. I could taste cum on my lips and in my mouth. I looked to my side and saw Shannon curled up against me, her head buried in my shoulder. Vanessa was looking down on me from above, a huge, content smile spread across her face.

I felt her slowly start withdrawing the strap-on, my pussy gripping it tightly still, not wanting to let go. I groaned as I felt the head slipping out of me, straining against the tight entrance of my pussy and then finally sliding out with an audible pop. I couldn't believe how empty I felt once it was out. Like she'd removed a part of me with it. I slid a hand down to my mound and gently circled the tender hole with two fingers. I could feel it gaping open. I instantly slipped my fingers inside, trying to cure the aching feeling of emptiness. Vanessa looked down at me and giggled.
