 It was six years ago that Mary and I got back together. Strange how things happen, we had known one another some thirty years earlier. As a matter of fact back then I was her first, and we had some great sex together. Well, what at the age of twenty you think is great sex until you get older then learn what good sex really is. There was three years between us, she was still in high school and my draft number was real low, so I enlisted in the Air Force. If I waited for the draft I knew I would end up in Nam, I also knew I loved airplanes and since I wasn’t college educated I could be a mechanic, so off I went and was an aircraft mechanic. Things being as they are when I got discharged we just never really “hooked” up again, until a few years ago, now we’re in our fifties and have been married for almost six years.

I have been married a couple times in those thirty years and have enjoyed many different experiences. I am not afraid of my masculinity and enjoy sex. I guess many people would call me a pervert. No, I don’t go for anything involving pain, animals or children, but am quite comfortable with myself knowing I like to suck a cock as much as going down on a wet slit. It turns me on to watch two women together; myself with two women; or myself and another guy with one woman. I’m not a guy that you would stand out in a crowd. I used to have hair but now there isn’t anything on the top and I have worn glasses since I was in third grade. I’m six-foot tall and have only gained thirty pounds since graduating high school at 133. I have been told that I have a nice personality and a warm smile, and that my dark brown eyes sparkle when I smile. I never considered myself well endowed, although I never had any complaints from the women I’d been with. I made it a point to educate myself in giving complete gratification to a lady before I sought my own. It wasn’t until I got back with Mary that she changed my way of thinking as to how I was hung. One night she got her seamstress tape out and measured me. We laughed as she “measured me up”. I’m almost 8” from pubic bone to tip and a little over 6” around the shaft, and what Mary calls “a heavy hung sac with balls the size of walnuts.” I don’t think so but she loves to fondle them when she strokes me or is going down on me. 

Mary has had three children so has the usual stretch marks and flare to the hips that comes from childbirth. She stands about 5’8” and somewhere between 150 to 160 pounds. Breasts of 38D (I’ve checked the tag on her bra) that are larger and not as firm as thirty years ago, small round light pink areoles with pebble sized nipples that are sensitive to the touch. Light brown hair that has the wisps of gray now, just like mine and the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen. One thing that hasn’t changed is as soon as you get your hand in her panties and touch her clit she is immediately wet with juices that are sweet to the taste. She was married twice and after getting out of her second marriage, which was a really bad scene she was a single mom for fourteen years. Although not as open to sex as I am she has had many boyfriends and it excites me to hear some of her stories as much as it excites her to hear me tell of mine. Seldom does an evening of lovemaking go by that we don’t share a story with one another.

We were lying naked on the bed. I had gone down on Mary and brought her to an orgasm then taking her favorite vibrator began slowly moving it over her clit, her hands pushed mine away and I watched as she took over. Reaching in the drawer behind me I pulled the dildo out and slowly inserted it into her wet pussy. She moaned softly as I slowly fucked her, watching how the shaft glistened as I pulled it out and how the outer lips moved with the motion. Using her fingers to spread the top of her slit I could see the hard pink nub of her clit as she moved the vibrator over and around it. She knew how it excited me to watch her get herself off and my cock throbbed as she played.

“Jay, did you really do that to your wife that night?” I looked at her questioningly as the vibrator hummed merrily. I had told her lots of different things and wasn’t sure what she was asking. “You know. The night you had come home after being gone for a few days and when you went down on her she had a surprise for you….I think about that all the time….ummm…oh god I’m going to cum….tell me about it…” I could see the muscles in her thighs tightening and knew she was getting close to a small climax that would turn into many before we were finished.

“Yeh I had gone for a week going to different meetings.” I teased her prolonging the story and slowly pulling the dildo back until just the tip rested at the outer lips, them pushing it just a slow back into her depths. 

“Tell me…tell me please….” Her hips lifted up and I watched as she climaxed. She held the vibrator off to the side of her clit that still stood erect but was to sensitive at the moment to be touched again. 

I smiled and spoke softly. “She was in bed, and I thought asleep when I crawled in naked next to her. My cock was partly hard and I wondered if she would help me get off. I put my hand on her breast and felt her nipple harden, but when I began to move it down her belly she put her hand on mine and stopped me….”

“What did she say….what happened….” Mary was looking straight into my eyes and I could feel her moving the vibrator up and down along the outside of her slit. 

“She took my hand and pulled me so that I was over top of her. ‘Welcome home,’ she said. ‘I really need to feel your tongue.’ “That’s when she started pushing my head down her belly. She had her legs tightly closed, and as I moved lower she began to open them.”

“Yes…yes…what happened…” The vibrator was again making circles around her clit as she stared into my eyes. 

“As she pushed my head lower she kept talking softly and pushing me closer to her opening pussy. Then she took both her hands and held me tight against her cunt.” Mary stared into my eyes and I could see she was rapidly approaching another orgasm. “It’s to bad you didn’t get home a half hour ago. Your buddy Jack was over for a visit.”

“That’s right when she spread her legs wide and pulled my mouth tight against her pussy.” I stared straight into her eyes. This story was one of Mary’s favorites and we had played it out many times. Her breath was coming in short gasps. “He was here for a couple hours and he fucked me…twice…and I saved it all for you…suck me clean…it’s full of your buddy’s hot cum.”

“ohhhhHHHHYESSSsssssss…” Mary’s hips bucked against the vibrator and the dildo I was now pumping rapidly in and out of her. “….did you?….did you!….ohhhhfuckkkloverrrr-r-r-r-r-r-r….”

“Yes sweetheart, I did. I grabbed the cheeks of her ass and pulled her tighter. My tongue lapped up all his cum. I was buried tight against her cunt and she was jacking off her clit with her fingers.”

“oh…oh….damnnnn….” Mary’s body slowly relaxed and she shut off the vibrator. It was dead silence except for the sound of her catching her breath and the now cum coated dildo I moved slowly in and out of her wet slit. I pulled it from inside her and let it fall between her thighs. We lay like this for a long time as I gently caressed her inner thighs. Finally she spoke softly, “He’s a really nice guy.” She paused as I looked over at her. “Does he ever mention that? Did you really enjoy it?” I felt her hand move down between her thighs. 

This was something new, I thought to myself and wasn’t quite what to say, I didn’t know if she was asking these questions for me to continue so she could get off again, or if she was serious. I finally figured to be completely honest and see what would happen. “Yes he and I still talk, and we’ve talked about that night a lot of times. Actually after that first night he joined us a number of times…”

“Is…Did…” Mary started then paused. “..I mean when the three of you were together did he….you know…go down on her after you…you know….cum inside her?….” Her fingers were now caressing her clit and I watched as they moved over the nub. 

“Yeh that was a part of the evening when we all got together…” 

“Since we have been together, have you ever thought about watching him with me?” 

Her question took me completely by surprise! True it had crossed my mind a few times and I had jacked off more than once picturing it. But as Mary had never shown any interest for it to become reality I hadn’t ever said anything. “Yes I’ve thought about it, but didn’t know if it would turn you on.” 

Her fingers moved a faster over her clit. “If you invited him over would you be upset if I let him have me? Would you like to do what you used to do with her…except with me?” Her fingers were moving faster.

“No I wouldn’t be upset…I’d love to do all those things with you….and I think Jack would too.”

“really….ohhhhhhmmmmyessss….” This climax wasn’t as intense as her other’s but a soft satisfying release. She looked softly into my eyes. “I think maybe we need to talk to him.” She smiled and we lay there quietly thinking our own thoughts. This was something that she had never spoke of before and my mind whirled as I pictured watching her and Jack together. 

My cock was rock hard, precum leaking from the tip. Mary reached down taking me in her hand, bringing me back from my thoughts. I loved the feel when she took me in her hand, but wasn’t ready for her next comment. “Kay is having some problems.”

“Huh?!” This wasn’t what I expected! I felt the blood begin to flow out of my hard cock. Kay was a friend of hers, about seven or eight years younger. All through her life she had made some bad choices in men and was always crying on Mary’s shoulder. She wasn’t a bad looking woman, small framed with breasts that had to be double D’s, and short black hair that came to just below her ears. I had never thought of her in a sexual way, mainly because she was always whining, and what I thought taking too much of Mary’s time. I had seen her in a bathing suit lots of times and the thought had crossed my mind wondering what her pussy looked like. I figured it was covered with thick black hair because of the way it always seemed to push out between her thighs. But why was she bringing her name up now? “What’s her problem now? Geez Mary, you have great timing.” 

“Oh no particular reason, I guess.” Mary smiled and bent over and licked the precum from my shrinking cock. Leaning down she gripped my cock and spoke softly in my ear. “I know you don’t really like her, but I just helped her get off last week.” 

“She!…You!…What the fuck?!?!” I was shocked! My cock didn’t know whether to go soft or get hard again! “You’re kidding….right?” She held me firmly in her hand and I sure wasn’t going soft!

Mary sat back up and smiled her eyes twinkling. “No love, I’m not kidding. She had never jacked off, so I taught her how to use a vibrator….” My cock was straining now! “…I played with her tits and she has such a thick mat of black pussy hair. You know she is large on top….well her nipples are just as big and get so hard….” Her hand didn’t move but held my now throbbing cock firmly. “When you spread that mat of thick black hair and expose her slit she has a clit that is just as big….you can almost suck it just like a cock.”

“Oh god Mary! Oh my god!!!” All my thoughts of how I disliked Kay were gone! I couldn’t believe all this! “I know it didn’t really happen, but damn what a fantasy!….I’m going to cum!”

“I don’t want tonight to end, so you can’t cum yet.” Releasing my cock she put her hand on my thigh. Still looking at me she smiled again. “But you’re wrong, it did really happen.” She looked towards the door. “Didn’t it Kay?”

“Oh it sure did.” I jumped at the voice and looked towards the doorway. Kay stood there in only a sheer lacy white bra and panties. The bra pushed her full breasts up creating a deep cleavage; it was so sheer I could see her areoles and nipples. As my gaze dropped down below her belly I could see the darkness of her pubic hair and where her juices had saturated the front of her panties. “But damn Mary! I didn’t know how much longer I could stand out there and not be able to look, but only listen!” She stared at my cock. “You weren’t kidding, he’s got a beautiful cock.”

She had walked in and now stood next to us. I couldn’t do anything but lie there and stare. I must have looked like an idiot with my mouth hanging open! My mouth went completely dry as Mary reached over and hooking her fingers in Kay’s panties pulled them down below her knees exposing the thick black mass. 

“I’m sorry but it was so erotic knowing you were out there listening and Jay not knowing…God I came so hard.” Mary caressed Kay’s thigh as she spoke. Me? I lay there with my mouth open and stared! They talked like I wasn’t even there.

“I did too! My hand got sore from fingering myself listening to the two of you…”

This was too much! “How…” It came out as a squeak. I stopped licked my lips and swallowed then tried again. “How…how long have….” My voice came back to normal tone. “..you been there?”

Kay’s hand was lightly caressing Mary’s breast as she looked down at me. “Long enough to ask if after you empty that cock of yours inside me if you’ll suck me clean?” With that she knelt up on the bed, her legs straddling mine. I looked down and in this position the thick mat of hair had parted and I could see the deep pink of her outer lips. 

“I…ohhhh…” That is as far as I got! Mary had taken the base of my cock and holding it straight up from my belly Kay took her fingers and spread her lips open and lowered herself down onto my cock. “Fuck! Your…tight!”

She slowly took me in her eyes opening wider and wider as she settled down on me, pinning Mary’s fingers between her slit and my cock. “Tight hell! You’re almost too big! It’s feels good..” 

Mary pulled her fingers from between us, and slipping off the bed stood behind Kay. Reaching around she undid the front clasp of the bra, letting it fall off Kay’s shoulders. Kay’s breasts were large and I could tell all natural! Her areoles a dark brown color and so big that a fifty-cent piece wouldn’t have covered them. Her nipples, a darker brown, were rock hard and not overly long but almost as round as a dime. Mary’s hand slipped under her heavy breast and offered it to me.

“Here lover, be gentle she really likes it that way.” Using my teeth I gently held the base of the nipple and let my tongue explore the tip. Kay moaned softly. “Yes that’s right….now empty your balls deep inside her.” Mary’s other hand had traveled along the crevice of Kay’s ass and now alternated between her back hole and my full balls. 

“Ohhhhhhgaammrrpphhh….” There were no words to express the feeling. I felt as if my entire body would explode. Kay pressed her breast tighter to my lips, my mouth wide open taking as much as I could. My tongue tracing each little bump of her tightening areoles. Mary’s fingers tracing the outline of my balls. Kay had begun to move up and down my cock; she was so tight I felt as if the skin of my prick would be rubbed off! “MMMMmmmmmmmgggggggmmm…….”

“Yes…YES MARY PLEaseeee…!!!!” Kay screamed. I felt it too! Mary’s index finger slowly entered Kay’s puckered little hole and through the thin membrane could feel Mary’s finger fucking Kay. “OHHHHHHYESSSSSSSS…..”

I couldn’t help myself! “MMMMMMGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!…” I began unloading and was in so deep that each time I erupted my load shot against her cervix and it felt as if my cum was being forced back into my cock. “GGGaaaaggghhhHHHHH…” Kay fucked my cock and Mary’s finger hard! Each down thrust of her slit forced my cum out and I could feel it’s warmth covering my balls. “…oooooommmmggggg….” Finally I was empty and I felt Mary slowly slip her finger out, my cock although losing its strength was still held firmly inside Kay. 

“Oh God! I’m so full!” Kay sat up allowing me to catch my breath after almost being smothered by her beautiful breasts. I still couldn’t believe all that had happened and I reached up and began caressing the huge globes.

“I thought he would have a big load for you. Did it feel good?” Mary’s hand still cupped my balls gently fondling them.

“Yes, it was wonderful….it just didn’t last long enough. Maybe later.” She giggled and winked at me. “There is still something that I really want to try though.” She lifted off me and with a resounding ‘plop’ my cock was out of her pussy. I could feel my load running out of her and dripping onto my cock. Taking my hands from her breasts she moved up my chest putting my hands up above my head. Looking down at me she smiled and giggled again. “Jay this is your punishment for always being so mean to me, and not liking me.” 

Above me was her thick black bush, my cum oozed from her slit and was matted in the thickness. “Kay I was never mean t..” That was as far as I got, she pressed her full cunt against my mouth. I pushed my tongue into her slit opening her, and felt the flow of my cum enter my mouth. I had to swallow. 

“But Kay….you can’t punish the willing….” Mary laughed and Kay giggled and nodded. I involuntarily stiffened as I felt Mary’s tongue lick my cum coated balls and then holding my flaccid cock take it into her mouth. She continued alternating between my balls and cock. My tongue began searching Kay’s inner depths in earnest. I was looking straight up as Kay turned slightly and looked back over her shoulder.

“Oh my Mary! I want to try that too…I’ve never done that before either.” Kay hands moved to her slit and before my eyes she opened the top of her slit with the fingers of one hand and pulled the sheath back exposing her dark pink clit. Then using the index finger and thumb of the other hand stroked her clit. 

Just inches from my eyes she began jacking off the largest clit I had ever seen! Mary hadn’t exaggerated, it was at least a half an inch long and as big around as a pencil! Her finger and thumb circled and rubbed then stroked. Between Mary going down on my cock and Kay’s fingers my tongue worked feverishly in her depths. Taking her slender hips in my hands I pulled her tighter to my mouth. I was pressed so tight and her clit so big that when she stroked it the tip flipped the tip of my nose. Her scent and the scene were intoxicating.

“Later though…ohhhdamnnn…Jay likes watching me jack off…” Kay had turned back and for the first time looked down into my eyes. “You’re wife is sucking your cock while you suck your hot cum out of my cunt! And you like watching me jack off, don’t you? Oh Mary I can feel his tongue up inside my wet pussy…” Her fingers moved faster, her clit grew harder and darker as it filled with blood. “Yes keep sucking his cock! Oh fuck I’m going to cum! Mary I’m going to cum in his mouth.” Kay’s fingers were now a blur. “ohhhhhHHHHYESSSSSSSS-S-S-S-S-S-!!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK-K-K-K-K-K!!!!!…….” Throwing her head back Kay howled and her body shook as she climaxed. My mouth was filled with a sweet taste as Kay unloaded a torrent of her juices. I swallowed her greedily.

Mary’s face came into my line of sight, her hand pumping my cock. She watched Kay’s fingers, her lips and cheeks covered with my cum. “Yes sweetheart, cum in his mouth. Jack off for him. Fill his mouth with your sweet juice….” 

“Y-Y-Y-Y-I-I-I-I-I-E-E-E-E-E-
FUCK-K-K-K-k-k-k-k-k-k…..” Kay’s body tightened and shuddered one last time as she fell away onto the bed beside me. She lay silently beside us and from her regular breathing I knew she had dozed off.

Mary laid her head on my chest and spoke quietly. “I think she really enjoyed that…she always falls asleep after cumming real hard….”

I nodded, “Oh…I know I did and you did.” Mary said something about it being only 10:30 but it didn’t register with me as sleep overtook me.

I woke up to movement beside me and glancing at the clock saw that I had slept for about 20 minutes. Turning my head to the right the picture of two women together greeted my eyes. My hand sought my cock, and although I knew it would be some time before I could cum again, it grew to my touch. The sight was fantastically erotic! 
