 This story is a true FFM, meaning that the female lead character is loved by both another female character and a male character. It is not a FMF with a male lead getting the attention of two females. It is still a hot story, but some people get confused about the difference between the two. 

***** 

"Hey, Eric. I have a confession," Rebecca said, a little hesitantly. 

"Um, okay," Eric said, "Should I be worried?" 

Rebecca let out a little laugh. She really wasn't going to tell him, but decided it would be worth it in the long run. 

"Not really..." Rebecca said, still thinking it over. 

"Okay," Eric said, smiling that broad, handsome grin of his. "What is it?" 

"...I'm the one that ate all of your dark chocolate," Rebecca said in feign movie-style confession. 

"What???" Eric asked her, in mock accusation. "How could you!" 

"You know how it is, giving in to a moment of weakness," Rebecca said, laughing. 

They both laughed at themselves. 

"Also," Rebecca said, "I invited Jade over for this evening. She's picking up some take away food and heading over." 

"Oh," Eric said. "That will be nice for you two to be able to hang out and relax for a while. After these busy past month of helping her move and everything." 

"Yup," Rebecca said. She thought about telling him more, but kept back. This really had been a busy month... 

"When is she coming?" Eric asked, bringing her thoughts back to the present. 

"In about an hour or so," Rebecca said. "So I want you to get cleaned up, you smell a little like you've been working." 

"Well," Eric said, "I did just come home from work..." 

While Eric was showering and shaving, Rebecca picked up here and there, tiding the house for their evening guest. She was upstairs getting changed into a pair of jeans and a white tank top when Eric came upstairs, to get his clothes. He caught sight of her while she was topless and pulling up her jeans over her white cotton panties. 

"Yum..." Eric said, appreciatively, walking toward her. His semi hard erection leading the way. 

"Uhn-uh. No Sir," Rebecca said, warningly. "No messing." 

"But you are SO tempting," Eric said, pretending to plead. 

"Besides," Rebecca said, "Jade could be here any minute." 

"I would only need a minute," Eric said. "Thirty seconds to get mine and thirty seconds to look at you." 

"Get dressed and get out of here," Rebecca said, playfully, slapping his naked ass. He stopped and shook it for her to slap again, when she didn't he walked away. 

Rebecca toyed with her long, dark hair while Eric got dressed. She put it in a high pony-tail before taking it out to braid it. Rebecca was just heading out of the bedroom door when the doorbell rang. 

"Must be Jade," Rebecca said, looking back at Eric. "Told you." 

"And I told you, as sexy as you look, I only needed a minute," Eric said, watching her walk away. 

"But, then I wouldn't have had time to braid my hair," Rebecca said, smiling as she went downstairs. 

When Rebecca opened the door, Jade was holding paper bags of food, the spicy aroma of Mexican food making her mouth water in anticipation. 

"Hey There!" Rebecca said, smiling, taking the food From Jade. 

"Hey," Jade said, hugging Rebecca briefly. "Sorry it took so long, they didn't have my order, so I had to wait while they made it. At least we got free churros for dessert." 

"We weren't completely ready, anyways," Rebecca said. "You came at the perfect time. 

Rebecca took the food into the kitchen while Jade took off her shoes. Rebecca had taken out the food and was getting out plates and silverware for everyone when Eric came into the kitchen and tried to help her, but it felt like he was getting in the way more than he was helping. Jade came in just as Rebecca was telling him just to sit down and let her do it all, causing Jade to laugh at their friendly banter. 

"Oh, man," Jade said. "I forgot to get myself something to drink. I've been wanting some sweet tea all day." 

"Eric can go and get you some," Rebecca said. 

"Would you?" Jade asked Eric. 

"I don't know. Three minutes is a long drive," Eric said, teasing. 

"Get out of here," Rebecca said, smiling. 

"Do you want anything?" he asked Rebecca, but she didn't. 

Eric was gone and back in about ten minutes. He was carrying a few different kinds of sweet tea, letting Jade decide which one she wanted. He could have called, but didn't want to bother either of them. Rebecca only drank water, and Eric tried one of the other sweet teas. 

They talked as they ate, talking about work and different things that were going on, while pop music quietly playing in the background. 

When the last of the churros were ate, Rebecca collected up her and Eric's dishes. 

"I can get my own dishes, Rebecca," Jade said, collecting her own. 

"You bought the food, I'm going to clean up," Rebecca said, trying to take Jade's plate from her. 

"Nope, I want to help," Jade said, playfully shoving Rebecca with her hip. 

"Hey, now," Rebecca said, shoving her back with her hip. 

Jade scraped dishes into the trash and handed them to Rebecca, who loaded the dishwasher. Eric just tried not to get in the way, and felt sheepish for just sitting there, watching. When Rebecca accidently dropped a fork, Jade slapped her butt, surprising both Rebecca and Eric. Rebecca only laughed and slapped Jade's butt in return. Eric only watched, mouth slightly agape, trying not to think naughty thoughts. Rebecca glanced at him, didn't say anything, but only smiled at his reaction. 

Rebecca was washing the hand washables and handed them to Jade to dry them, who handed them to Eric to put away. 

"I don't know where they go," Jade said after handing him the first one. 

"I doubt he knows where they go," Rebecca said, laughing. 

"Hey now," Eric said. "I know where most of them go..." 

On the speaker, the music changed to one of the newer songs with a good rhythm. 

"Oh, I like this song," Jade said. "Could you turn it up?" 

Eric moved and turned up the music. When he turned around again, Jade was dancing to the music hip-beside-hip with Rebecca. They danced and bopped side-by-side as they finished the dishes. They kept rhythm and pace with each other while they danced and did dishes. Eric was definitely thinking dirty thoughts as they did. Then, he noticed something. 

Earlier, we watched Rebecca dressing in a white tank top, with white panties and jeans. Well, Jade was wearing a gray tank top and jeans. He wondered if that was on purpose or not, dressing so similar to each other. Although Rebecca's hair was in a braid and Jade's own dark hair was in a high ponytail. Yes, watching them both move and bump to the music had stirred him up. 

"What's the matter?" Rebecca asked, drying her hands. "Don't feel like dancing?" 

"I was just enjoying watching you two," Eric said. "But, I can dance..." 

Eric did love to dance, so when Rebecca moved over to him and started dancing against him, with her ass against him, he matched her perfectly. 

"Hey, that's not fair," Jade said, moving to them. She backed up to Rebecca and bumped to the music as well. Rebecca reached around and grabbed ahold of Eric's neck with one hand and held onto Jade with the other as she danced between the two of them. They stayed there, dancing and laughing until the song was over, which was too soon. Eric, of course, didn't want to stop. But, Jade moved away and Rebecca turned around and kissed him, before hugging Jade tightly. Eric waited to see if they were going hug or anything, but it never happened, probably would never happen, but he could always dream about it. They just seemed to be laughing at each other and having fun. 

They sat down in the kitchen swivel, bar-style chairs, laughing. Rebecca went over to the music and turned it down a little, and when she sat down, she looked at Jade. Jade nodded. Eric just looked questioningly from one to the other. There seemed to be a serious change hanging in the air, making things seem like night and day from the fun they were just having. 

"Eric, want to ask you some things," Rebecca began. "And I want you to tell the truth." 

"...okay." Eric said, hesitantly. "Um, about what?" 

"We'll get to that," Rebecca said. "But, I will know if you are lying or holding anything back." 

"...okay," Eric said again. It was starting to feel like an intervention or an interrogation, but he hadn't done anything wrong, at least anything that he knew of. Rebecca looked at Jade again, who nodded again. 

"Well," Rebecca said. "There are some things I want to know, and if you are good, and answer truthfully, you may be rewarded. But if you lie, then there will be consequences. Okay?" 

"I'll try my best," Eric said, truthfully. 

"Okay. Is that okay with you?" Rebecca asked, looking at Jade. 

"Of course," Jade said, smiling. "As long as I get my turn to ask as well." 

Rebecca turned her attention back to Eric, looking him in his eyes. Eric felt a little nervous, but confident that he had nothing to hide. 

"First thing I want to know," Rebecca said, "have you ever had sex with anyone else since we've been married?" 

"Never," Eric said, almost insulted. 

"Have you wanted to?" Rebecca asked. 

"Of course," Eric said. "But, wanting is different than doing." 

"Have you ever gotten close?" Rebecca asked. 

"Nope," Eric said. 

"Have you ever kissed anyone?" Rebecca asked. 

"Never," Eric said. 

"Have you ever flirted with anyone else?" Rebecca asked. 

"Well, according to you, I flirt all the time," Eric said. "But, not knowingly, no." 

"Have you ever been alone with a female?" Rebecca asked. 

"Define 'alone'," Eric said. 

"Being in the same room, just you and another female," Rebecca said. 

"Yes," Eric said. "But not on purpose. Either people left the room, or we were the first ones to get somewhere." 

"And nothing happened?" Rebecca asked. 

"Nothing," Eric said. "Ever." 

"Have females flirted with you?" Rebecca asked. 

"When I was alone with them?" Eric asked back. 

"Anytime," Rebecca said. 

"Of course," Eric said. "All the time." 

"What do you mean 'all the time'?" Rebecca asked, a little harder. 

"Just what I said, all the time," Eric said. "Everywhere I go, there seems to be some female who seems interested in me, and makes a point of talking and flirting with me." 

"What do you think is 'flirting'?" Rebecca asked. 

"Showing interest by actually having conversation," Eric said. "And, laughing at semi-lame jokes. Breaking body contact, like arm touching or fake punching." 

"And what did you do when they did?" Rebecca asked. 

"Usually took a step back," Eric said. 

"Usually?" Rebecca asked. 

"Well, if there was no space to step back, I would just turn my shoulder," Eric explained. 

"And did they get the hint?" Rebecca asked. 

"They stopped trying to touch me, if that's what you mean," Eric said. 

"Good," Rebecca said. "Those bitches." 

Jade laughed at that. Eric could only smile, since he was still feeling under the spotlight. 

"Do you like them flirting with you?" Rebecca asked. 

"I like to have conversations with females, and I like the attention," Eric said. "But I let them know if they cross a line." 

"I know you like the attention," Rebecca said, shaking her head, sighing but smiling. 

"What keeps you from doing anything more with any of them?" Jade asked. 

Eric looked at her, then to Rebecca to see if she wanted him to answer. 

"Don't look at me," Rebecca said. "She's the one who asked the question." 

"I made up a rule for myself that I stick to, for always and for at all times," Eric said matter-of-factly. 

"What rule is that?" Jade asked. 

"Uh," Eric said, hesitating this time. 

"Yeah, Eric. What rule do you have for yourself?" Rebecca asked, looking at him to see if he was telling the truth. 

"Well, it's a little embarrassing," Eric said. "Especially right now." 

"But if it's something that has kept you faithful," Jade said, "I would like to know what it is." 

"Yeah, me too," Rebecca said. "What has always kept you faithful, Eric?" 

Eric sighed and chewed on his bottom lip, thinking over his answer. 

"Screw it," Eric said, thinking it over and then seemingly coming to a decision. "My rule for myself is this: 'I will only touch them if Rebecca touches them first, and introduces'." 

"What!?!" Rebecca exclaimed. 

"Oh, my!" Jade said at the same time. 

If Eric ever blushed, then it was now. He did look a lot more sheepish. 

"What about females that you find attractive?" Jade asked. 

"Uh," Eric said, halting again, feeling the heat. "That is also embarrassing." 

"So?" Jade asked. "I know what keeps you from doing anything with them, but what are you thinking about ones that you find attractive?" 

"It's too embarrassing." Eric tried, warningly. 

"I don't care," Jade said. "I just want to know." Eric looked over at Rebecca, who only looked at him sternly. 

"Fine... fine, I think to myself..." Eric conceded. "I think to myself that 'they could make out with my wife'." 

"Pshaw!" Rebecca said, incredulous. 

"Wow," Jade said. "You sure do a lot of 'thinking,' don't you?" 

"Well," Eric said, "There are many attractive people in the world." 

"Do you think that I'm attractive?" Jade asked. 

Eric really felt heat rise in his cheeks. 

"Well?" Rebecca asked, pushing him for an answer. 

"I mean, you aren't ugly." Eric said. 

"You are holding back," Rebecca interjected. 

"Then, 'yes,' I think that you are attractive," Eric admitted. 

"And," Jade said with a slightly angry look in her eyes. "Have you ever thought 'she can make out with my wife,' about me?" 

Eric looked at Rebecca, who only raised her eyebrows, seemingly peeved. 

"Uh... yeah." Eric said, sheepishly. 

"I knew it," Rebecca said, standing up to look out the window. 

Jade seemed almost speechless. Eric just looked at them, moving his eyes from one to the other. 

"I think I'm done," Jade said, shortly. 

"Yeah," Rebecca said, "me too." 

Eric just sat there, feeling like the bad kid called into the principal's office. 

"Well?" Jade asked, looking at Rebecca. 

"He didn't lie," Rebecca said. "About anything." 

"So," Jade said, looking at Eric once again, "you honestly think I'm attractive enough to 'make out with your wife," huhn?" 

Eric only nodded his head "yeah." 

"Like this?" Rebecca asked, walking over to Jade. She leaned down and pressed her lips against Jade's. Eric just watched, his jaw dropping. He was speechless, he was trying to memorize every detail- the light of the room from the sun streaming in the window, the feminine smell of light perfume, Rebecca and Jade's lips connecting in a tender kiss, eyes closed, Rebecca's hand resting on the back of Jade's neck, Jade's hand pulling Rebecca closer in by her waist, and the wet sounds of two lips kissing. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. 

Just as sudden as they began, it was over, with Rebecca looking down into Jade's face and Jade looking up into hers. 

Rebecca glanced over at Eric and started to laugh, Jade looked over and starting to laugh as well. 

"I see we got your, um, attention," Rebecca said, looking down at his crotch, his rock hard cock tenting his jeans, trying to push its way out. Eric cleared his throat. 

"Uh, yeah," Eric stammered. "You definitely did." 

"That was your first reward," Rebecca said, keeping her hand draped on Jade's shoulder. 

"Wow," Eric said, causing them both to laugh again. 

"Let's move to the living room," Rebecca said. 

Rebecca and Jade walked hand-in-hand to the living room, sat next to each other on a couch, while resting their hands on each other's knees. Rebecca knew that Eric found even this simple thing to be sexy. 

Eric sat on the opposite couch, waiting. 

"So, you don't mind me kissing Rebecca in front of you?" Jade asked. 

"Not at all," Eric said, smiling. 

"Of course he doesn't," Rebecca said, "it's one of his biggest fantasies come true." 

"No. You're wrong," Eric said, looking serious. 

Rebecca looked at him questioningly and Jade looked a little confused. 

"It's not one of my biggest fantasies," Eric said, "It is my biggest fantasy." 

Jade laughed and Rebecca shook her head, laughing. 

"Okay, now some more questions," Rebecca said. 

"Okay," Eric said, more eager than before. 

"What is it about two women having sex that turns you on so much?" Rebecca asked. 

"What isn't there?" Eric asked. "Women are beautiful, sexy, and sensual. Long hair, gorgeous looks, stunning bodies, smooth, lovely long legs that goes all the way up to meet the wonderful triangle between their legs. Multiply that by two, each giving the other pleasure, and it is the greatest thing in the world to me." 

"Tell us how you really feel," Rebecca said in mock sarcasm, laughing a little at his description. 

"Okay," Eric said, not quite finished describing his feelings. "Being able to see a beautiful, sexy woman getting off on another beautiful, sexy woman's mouth is the hottest thing. Each woman kissing, licking and thrusting against each other is the biggest turn on. Watching them bring each other to orgasm- everything that they do to each other to get there- is the sexiest thing. And when they do come, the intense pleasure that they get from coming is the most remarkable thing that has ever happened in the history of ever." 

"Wow," Jade said. 

"Is that all?" Rebecca asked, laughing again. 

"No," Eric said, truthfully. "I could go on all day and all night, but I won't." 

All three were silent for a moment, thinking. Jade spoke up, breaking their reflective silence. 

"Earlier, you said that you think 'I would let her make out with my wife'," Jade said. "What is it about her having sex with another woman that turns you on?" 

"Yeah," Rebecca said. "I want to know that one too." 

"Hhm," Eric said, thinking. "I think that my wife is the most beautiful woman in the world, because she is. I know that there are other beautiful woman in the world, I'm not blind, and I am always hoping that she is attracted to women as well. So, when I see another beautiful woman, and given what I think about two woman being with each other, those thoughts are multiplied with my wife, who is the most beautiful. Period." 

"Aaww," Jade said. Rebecca only shook her head, smiling. 

"Anything else?" Jade asked. 

"Yeah," Eric said. "Like I said, I could go on for days. But, I will say, thinking about her getting off on another female's face, pushing and grinding her crotch onto that beautiful feminine face, and getting her orgasm from another female's mouth, tongue and fingers is, and has always been, my biggest fantasy." 

"And, what would you say if I told you that I had sex with her?" Jade asked. 

"That I could get off with just the thought of that," Eric said. "For many, many years. Just thinking only about that. Also, I would want details, with as much description as I could get." 

"I don't know about details," Rebecca said. "But, we can answer some of your carnal little questions, if you want." 

"Sure," Jade said, looking at Rebecca. 

"Wow, where to begin?" Eric asked. "Okay, how long have you two been, uh, been together?" 

"How long have we been having sex?" Rebecca asked, sarcastically clarifying. "It will be a month this weekend." 

"Oh, wow," Eric said. "How many times?" 

"About three to four times a week, now," Rebecca said. "But, every single day that first week." 

"Oh, man," Eric said, looking Rebecca to Jade and back again. "How did it first happen?" 

"Rebecca came by to hang out for a while," Jade said. "She kissed me, one thing led to another and we were both naked in my bed, having sex." 
