 A year and a half after losing my virginity to my parents' neighbor, Lynne James, I had been home from school for every vacation. 

Lynne described my visits as "make up classes" and the last one was "summer school." She'd taught me everything I knew about sex and especially the part of the curriculum that focused on pleasuring a woman. She stressed that once that class was mastered, the others became largely superfluous. 

My parents seemed happy that I wanted to come home and spend time with them! My sister Jennifer, in her final year, came home maybe fifty per cent of the time. This Christmas Holiday was one of those visits, the house was constantly filling and emptying. Different groups of my sister's friends, my friends and our parent's friends, neighbors, family, Dad's business associates, it never seemed to end.

It was a Wednesday morning, a few days before Christmas. I'd been up and out early for a run and had landed back in the kitchen to Mother's welcome offer of a cooked breakfast. She fixed it while I showered. 

I was tucking into pancakes, bacon and eggs when Dad entered through the back door. "Lynne's pregnant" he announced.

I disguised my choke as a cough, he asked if I was alright "yes, fine, something got stuck" I went back to my breakfast fully expecting Mother to continue the conversation, she didn't disappoint.

"Oh that's wonderful when's she due?"

"How would I know?" My Dad asked.

"Honey, if she told you she was pregnant, the first question after you've offered your congratulations should be 'when are you due?' are you stupid?" 

"I didn't speak with Lynne, Bob shouted to me as he was driving away."

"Oh, sorry, well, I'll get the full story."

"Yes, Darling, I knew I could leave the interrogation to you."

My Mother gave him a look and walked towards the phone as she wiped her hands on a dish towel, dropping it on the counter and taking a deep breath as she dialed the James residence.

"Lynne, congratulations......yes.....Bob told him.......yes.......this morning......well, just a few minutes ago, half a conversation I think....yes, I knew I had to call you to get the full story.....yes......oh we are so thrilled for you both...........when are you due?.......May........oh that's wonderful, perfect time, before the heat of summer.....oh do I ever remember having Jeff inside me during that brutally hot summer.....oh yes.....let's chat later.......let me fix lunch for us........yes...........oh, it's wonderful news, congratulations again......yes.....I'll see you later." She hung up.

I'd been fucking Lynne James all summer. The irony of having spent one hot summer inside my Mother and another intermittently inside Lynne James was not lost on me. I'd fucked her two or three times a week for three months last summer and now she was expecting a baby 9 months after August! Hey, I was only in the second year of a four year degree but I could figure out one of the possibilities.

My Sister entered the kitchen wearing a T shirt and boy shorts, if she wasn't my sister I'd definitely have wanted to fuck her but grateful for small mercies, many of my teenage fantasies had focused on her gorgeous, fresh, pink friends. I had been happy with the proximity of the inspiration for many years, especially at pool parties and sleep-overs. 

Unfortunately, their sexual interest was never in boys two years younger and at this time it seemed dominated by 'men' with cars and jobs. There was once a suggestion that they could use my cock as practice for 'real life' blow jobs but sadly the idea never took off. 

(It was on a Sunday morning after one of Jenny's high school slumber parties that Dad had asked "where the fuck have all the bananas gone, there was a dozen of them there yesterday." Mom suggested that the girls had probably eaten them and it was never mentioned again. It registered with me about two years later!)

Mom put a plate of pancakes in front of Jenny and announced the news from next door that Lynne was pregnant. Jenny looked straight at me and I looked straight at the last rasher of bacon on my plate. 

She knew. I had wondered if she knew, we'd never spoken about it but in that moment I knew that she knew. She'd seen me coming and going from Lynne's house last summer, I'd explained it away and she hadn't pressed the issue. 

Now she kept my secret again and continued chatting with my already distracted Mother who seemed not to notice the look that Jenny had given me. She asked her to go to the mall with her, she wanted to get a baby gift and pick up some 'other things.' As an aside, what are 'other things'? or a 'few things'? Is it just one of the mysteries of life perpetuated by secretive women for men to solve or ignore? I ignored it but the mention of 'other things' seemed to do the trick for Jenny, she was all in favor of a shopping trip with Mom.

I wondered about their lunch, should I make myself scarce or stick around, externally nonchalantly unaware and disinterested yet inwardly bristling with pride surrounding my newly discovered fertility? I decided to stay and have an excuse to leave if I felt the need.

I followed Jenny upstairs, accidentally gluing my gaze to her winking ass all the way up.

As we reached the relative privacy of the upstairs landing she asked "so you like my ass Jeff?"

"You have a beautiful ass Jen, if you weren't my sister I'd fuck you in a heart beat."

"Oh, you say the nicest things. I've been running a lot. Is it as nice as Lynne's ass.?"

"Ssshhh" I put my finger to my lips and pushed her into her bedroom. "Look, thank-you forever for keeping your mouth shut but pleeeeeeeze, keep it that way."

"Safe with me Jeff, no worries." She lifted her T shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor as she walked towards her bathroom.

"Great tits too Jenn." I turned and left her room.

"Thanks Stud." She called with a giggle.

15 minutes later I was in my own room, laying on the bed reading the S.I. play-off forecasts when Jenny, wrapped in a towel, entered without knocking.

"Hey, what's up?"

"Don't you knock?"

"No, I thought I might catch you jerking off Stud."

I smiled at her "I'll let you know when the next show is."

"Promise?"

"Yeah, you and your girl friends are all welcome."

"Oh, I'll be sure to tell them."

"You do that."

"Count on it Stud." She turned to leave.

"Wait Jen." She paused "Did you want something?"

"Yeah, I wanted to ask if you were ok."

I looked at her and gestured for her to close the door. She did.

"I dunno. I mean, I dunno for sure if it's mine and I dunno what I'm supposed to do next."

She inhaled deeply and took a seat on the bed. "Here's what you do, you behave as if you never once fucked her. If she wants to acknowledge it, she'll let you know, otherwise, zip it, let go."

"Makes sense but it's not that simple."

"It has to be, right now, this minute, you have to make it 'that simple' and let go of it or you'll fuck everything up for everyone."

"I will?"

"Yes, you will."

"Ok wise one."

"And anyway, I'm going to bring you a new friend tonight. Won't solve your dilemma but it'll take your mind off it." She smiled and laughed as she pushed off my thigh and stood to leave.

"Who?"

"Who would you like?"

"What are my choices?"

"Cheeky bastard, ok, let me think, Andrea, Cath, Amy, Julia, Beth, that enough?"

"Er yeah, more than enough but what makes you think...." She cut me off.

"I don't need to think, they've all told me more than once that they'd love to fuck you. Amy has told me every time I've seen her for years."

"Really?"

She stopped at the door, turned and looked me in the eye, her head shook slowly from side to side as she stated a very clear "Really. And now that we all get to watch you jerk off, well, anything could happen..." Her voice trailed off as she closed the door with a firm click.

Things were looking up already. I sauntered downstairs where Dad was dicking around with a string of lights above the archway from the hallway to the kitchen. "Hey, you need some cash for gifts?"

"That's an offer too good to refuse Dad."

"Well, I'll give you your Christmas cash now and you can spend it on gifts for everybody else, I'll throw in an extra hundred if you get me a new putter I need."

"Dad, lend me the car and you got a deal." He smiled, stood up, peeled off a bunch of notes and asked me to follow him to the den. He lifted a golf magazine from the rack and tore out a page with a circle around a Ping putter.

"Thirty two inch shaft please. Your Mother will go nuts if I buy any more golf clubs but if you get it, well, no problem."

"I got your back Dad."

"I got yours Jeff" He handed me another hundred. "Merry Christmas."

I went out to the car, Lynne was just pulling in to her driveway, there was no sign of her husband's car. I looked over, waved and with churning stomach walked towards her. She held out her hand and I did the same. It was awkward, painfully awkward. I wanted to hold her and kiss her, I wanted to be inside her house, I wanted to ask about the baby, establish its ancestry, I wanted to fuck her again, I wanted her mouth on my cock, I wanted to hear her screaming in ecstasy and know I'd played a part in it.

"Jeff, so good to see you."

"You too, how are you?"

"Well, I suppose you heard my big news, Bob and I are expecting a baby."

She had to put his name in her first full sentence. "Er, yes, I heard, er, congratulations, is it, is there, I mean is er, when do, I mean when is it due?" I wasn't expressing myself very well.

"May Jeff, the thirtieth of May. I know you must be thinking that you're the Father but please Jeff, please forget that notion, for your sake and mine...." Almost as an afterthought she added "..and for Bob's sake and the baby's."

"Er yes, I will, yes. Thank-you." I don't know why I thanked her but I did, probably because she had suggested the easiest, softest route for all involved. It gave me a way to deal with this time home, with the Holiday, with seeing her and her husband. Knowing everything was clear and that her and I were on the same page did make it easier but I still wanted more. 

I wanted to be alone with her and know the answers to every question that I asked myself but couldn't answer. There were countless questions that I couldn't ask in the middle of her front lawn. Even body language had to be silenced and my eyes alone couldn't say all the things that my heart wanted her to hear. Questions I'd never thought of and emotions I'd never felt were flooding my mind. I walked away before I drowned. 

I left her with the expectation of seeing one another at lunch time but I was shaking as I drove away in my Dad's car. I let go of the idea of seeing Lynne at lunch time or ever again and I started to cry. Not a wailing, blabbering baby cry but a few stray tears. I went to the park, usually I run there and run around there, today I sat on a bench and realized a few things.

While my sexual awakening had been wonderful, the consequences of it now hurt more than I could ever have imagined possible. I didn't know about these feelings but I was determined to embrace them and overcome them. I accepted that I had invested myself and pursued something unattainable, merely momentary pleasure, without any chance of permanence. The pain only came from the fact that I wanted it to be more than it could be or could ever have been. If I'd approached it as a fuck and nothing more, then a simple fuck is all it would be. Easy to say 20 years later but nonetheless true. At the time I didn't have the benefit of all the throw away fucks I've had since.

My attitudes to a lot of things began to change that afternoon. The events of the day had ripped me apart in some ways but my chat with Jenn had opened up other possibilities for at least exploration. This was the first time I'd had to deal with this brand of emotions, mine were mixed but in retrospect I put them in perspective quite promptly, just as Jenn had suggested I must. 

Had Lynne James fucked me and let me know that she thought we should finish, it would have been a hell of a lot easier than being cut off at the pass with no possibility of any further intimacy, conversation, explanation or hope.

I dried up and chuckled at myself. I decided to try and instill in myself the idea that it wasn't my kid and that I'd just been lucky to get away with fucking her for so long. It worked for a while.

I hit the mall and picked up gifts. Made a trip to the golf store for Dad's putter and headed home. I called a buddy and arranged to miss the lunch in favor of a game of squash. I got back to the house about six, did my wrapping and got changed for a night of who knew what. I polled the folks, Mom and Dad were off to a dinner party, Jenn was having friends over to cook and eat and hang out. She looked up from a magazine to tell me that I was welcome to hang with them.

"Is Amy coming over Jenn?"

"Affirmative."

"Is she seeing anybody these days?"

"Negative."

"Hmmmm, who else?"

"Carly, Lee, Beth and I dunno who else yet."

"Ok, you can get back to your magazine now."

"You feeling better Jeff?"

"Yeah, I'm good thanks." Jenn stood up, dropped her magazine and walked towards me with open arms. We shared a hug, it felt good. I told her to stop before I got a boner and she laughed, slapped my shoulder, took a step back and asked to see it.

"No perv, I didn't get a boner, I said 'stop before I get one'."

"Ohhh, I thought you had one, wait 'til I tell Amy."

"Yeah yeah all talk. By the way, your nipples are poking holes in your blouse." I left the room happy that we were both laughing.

Jenn's friends Carly, Lee and Beth arrived shortly after seven o'clock. Mom and Dad, who were still futzing around, paused in their preparations to exchange seasonal greetings with all Jenn's pals, I waved from the sofa in the family room. Soon enough Mom and Dad left and the girls started emptying out the kitchen cupboards and raiding the fridge. As always, Dad came back to grab a couple of bottles of wine. As he was heading out again, in walked Amy. They all screamed and hugged as only groups of 21 and 22 year old girls can.

Amy walked towards me and stopped in the doorway to the family room, she asked how I was doing and we told each other it was good to see the other. I got up from the sofa and clicked off the T.V. and put in to play one of Lynne James' basic training tips. C&Q, compliment followed by a question.

"Amy you look fantastic, how long has it been since we saw each other?" It wasn't hard to say, she did look great. At about 5' 7", rich, dark, shiny hair to her shoulders, slender with gorgeous tits and a retainer-free smile that her folks must have spent a small fortune on. She was poured into her faded jeans and her white figure hugging sweater just begged to be in a pile at the foot of my bed. 

Her eyes stayed on me as she leaned on the door frame and announced "Well, last time I saw you, you didn't see me."

"Really, where and when?"

Her hip moved outwards and her left index finger went to her chin "I don't think I can tell you."

"Sure you can."

"Well, last time I saw you, you were sleeping, Jenn and I snuck into your room and....no, I can't tell you anymore. I'm too embarrassed."

"What?"

She giggled and headed towards the safety of the kitchen where she could immerse herself in a crowd of girls, safe from the risk of interrogation.

I wanted to somehow be involved in their activities, in their evening, their laughter, mostly I wanted to fool around with Amy. However, I needed a way in. I sauntered to the fridge, helped myself to one of Dad's beers and nonchalantly asked if they'd like some music. Yes they would. I headed upstairs to sort through my cassette tape collection. Thirty seconds behind me was Amy.

She tapped on the open door and as I turned around she was walking towards me. Her hands went around my neck and she pulled me in for a kiss. It started hard, went gentle and returned to firm and deep with a strongly passionate suggestion. Her tongue danced with mine, she sucked and nibbled on my lips and small gasps escaped her lips as if she'd finally found something she'd been missing for a lot longer than I could have heretofore imagined. My own hands wandered lightly over her back and ass, grabbing and clutching as she turned up the heat, my body responding to the demands of her own and my rapidly hardening cock pressed against her hip and lower belly. She seemed delighted to press herself against it and then as quickly and suddenly as it had started, it stopped.

"I just wanted to stake my claim Jeff."

"You did?"

"Yes. Did you pick some music?"

"Er, I was working on it. Claim to what?"

"My claim to you." She turned and with a glance backwards, hands on hips and with a flick of her hair, she left the room.

I was somewhat gob smacked, pleasantly surprised yet frustrated with my own confusion. I straightened my cock and went back to the work of music selection.

Another tap at the door and I turned around to see Lee staring at me as she unbuttoned her blouse. She remained in the doorway speechless. She slid her hand inside her blouse and began caressing her left breast. He mouth opened, her head went back and her left hand dropped to her crotch. She began to rub herself through her jeans. Initially it was all quite a shock but I had nothing to worry about, I could enjoy this all night and my cock hardened again as I now stood upright and watched. After a couple of minutes of watching her stroke and caress herself I walked towards her. She motioned for me to stop and she proceeded to button her blouse again.

"Sorry Lee, I thought maybe I could help you."

"Maybe you can later." She turned and left the room.

My initial thought was 'what the fuck' I realized it must be some kind of game they were playing. I wanted to play too but I didn't know the rules. I didn't need to know the rules.

Another minute and Carly was at the door with Beth right behind her. Carly stepped over the threshold and led Beth by the hand. They turned to face each other and started making out. I'd learned not to approach so I remained glued to my spot about twelve feet away. They seemed in a rush to get inside one another's clothes and within a minute, they were tangled together on my bed sucking tits and grinding pussies together in a mass of tangled hair and excited squeals. Fuck, this was awesome.

It seemed again that as suddenly as it had all started, it stopped. They leapt off my bed, gathered themselves and left the room hand in hand.

I was scratching my head when Jenn stuck her head around the door. "Hey stud, did you make a decision?"

"Which decision?"

"Well, the kitchen is too crowded so who do you want up here for the next half hour?"

"What? That's my choice?"

"Yep, Amy, Lee, or Beth and Carly come as a package."

"Holy fuck, are you serious?"

"Unless they've changed their minds because you're taking so fuckin' long."

"Er, Amy, yes, Amy."

"Ok, I'll tell her." Jenn left the room and within a minute Amy re-entered. This time she closed the door and locked it.

She approached me again and our kissing began where we'd left off. Her fingers tangled in my hair as we pulled into one another. She tasted so good, her body felt so good in my arms, her breathing changed, a whimper escaped her lips as she felt my hardening cock against her belly. I cupped her breast and began to work on removing her top. She stopped all my attempts to undress her and stepped back a pace. She lifted her top over her head in one movement and shook her hair out. She pressed a hand against my chest and pushed me towards the bed. She stood before me, hands behind her back and slowly pulled her bra along the length of her arms before dropping it at her own feet. Her breasts were gorgeous, full, round, high, her nipples erect. Her hand went to the top button of her jeans, she wriggled and writhed and agonizingly slowly but with what appeared to be perfect co-ordination, they dropped from her legs to the floor. Skimpy white lacy panties are all that separated Amy from nakedness. She approached me again, she placed first one knee and then the other either side of mine, she hovered above me long enough for a very beautiful smile to cross her lips. She encouraged me to pull my shirt off before her lips again met mine and we fell back together on to my bed. Entanglement followed. 
