 The bars grand opening is all that has been on my mind, so much stress behind opening a normal bar, those stresses are multiplied in opening of an alternative lifestyles bar. 

We are set to open at seven pm sharp, a large crowd is already gathering, and it is only six fifteen, it is going to be a hell of a run, if the crowds continue to gather day, after day like this.

Multiple bartenders, bouncers, rear room supervisors, looks like the staff is all here. Trying to do a final check on all our stock, Jackie is dressed in a clinging, mid thigh length, mildly revealing black dress. Her breasts almost pouring out from the low cut front, her stiff nipples nearly predominately poking into the tight fabric. The silky dress clings to her beautiful, perfect, round ass like a second skin. Her thigh high sheer, black stockings accentuating her long legs, highlighting a portion of her thighs, where the stockings end and the dress begins. Her stiletto high heeled shoes, clicking behind me as I make my way through the stock room. She grinds against me every time I stop, to note the current stock, trying to ensure that day one, goes without a hitch. I stop to count the bottles of wine, turning around, she is perched on a case of beer, legs spread wide apart, revealing her beautiful pussy to me. 

"I shaved, nice and smooth for the opening tonight, wanna feel?" she says in her intentionally seductive voice. Her smooth, bare pussy, slightly parting for my devouring eyes, exposing her pink center, visibly wet. 

"I am never going to get any work done at this rate," is all I can think. 

Wrapping my hand in Jackie's hair, I guide her up the stairs, and into the back corridor, which is almost a surgically, sterile white, contrasting to the darker, goth like bar area. Reaching over the hallway supervisors desk, I push a button, the wall shifts, a stockade slowly rolls out from the wall. Unzipping Jackie's dress, yanking the shoulder straps off roughly, pulling the tight material down until it lays in a heap at her feet. Standing totally nude in the white hallway, I guide her to the platform by her hair, she steps into a pre designed foot holes, her legs parted just over shoulder length, bending her over, I lock her neck into the head portion of the stockade, I lock her ankles into lower portion of the stockade, I bind her hands to the sides of the contraption. Shoving two fingers deeply into her wet, tight, pink pussy, slowly pulling them out. 

"Now, maybe I will get some work done, Happy Grand Opening," I wish her. 

Stepping back, I press another button, retracting the stockade into its place in the wall, her beautiful round ass juts from the wall, like a perverse piece of living art, her face inches from a glory hole on the other side of the hall. Bright pink neon lights, begin to hum, and light to life, the light above her upturned ass, "the Fuck Holes are Open", the other side flickers to life, "Feed The Cock Sucker". Leaning further over the desk, I finally find the button I am looking for, pushing the red button, the TVs in the bar area come to life, half of the TVs showing her confined, stockaded in the wall, the only light lighting her face is from the glory hole entrance, the other half of TVs show the empty hall, and her exposed ass.

We open the doors exactly at seven, the bounces busily checking Ids, the bar quickly begins to fill, before long customers are drawn to the TVs, and begin to head towards the bright white, and illuminated pink hallway. The first guy appears on the TVs, caressing her parted legs, running his hand up the inside of her thighs, he begins exploring her exposed pussy with two fingers, thrusting them deeply into her, the stockade secures her tightly so she can't thrust back, or pull away. His slow, hard pace begins to pick up, rubbing his hardening cock through his jeans with his free hand. As the image floods the TVs in the bar, more patrons make their way to the corridor. A younger, taller man stands near the glory hole, his girlfriend visibly poking at him, and pointing to the glory hole, she fishes his cock from his pants, stroking it to life, guiding him by his cock to the glory hole, she begins to kiss him deeply as he pushes his cock into the hole, they begin to kiss more passionately, as the TVs flash Jackie hungrily devouring the strangers long cock. 

The stranger behind her, frees his cock, stepping onto the small platform, his fat cock bounces in front of him, grasping her ass cheeks tightly, spreading her with his thumbs, he thrusts his fat cock hard into her wet pussy, and begins to thrust with long, deep, hard strokes. The glory hole male is fucking her mouth almost frenzied like, his girlfriend has her breast out, he sucks her nipple, as he fucks Jackie's mouth. The male behind her, fucking her hard, pulls his glistening fat cock from her slight gaping pussy, the supervisor whispers something to the male, gripping his cock he walks around towards the glory hole. The young man fucking her mouth cums hard, his girlfriend milking his spasming cock, feeding Jackie his thick load, the camera captures her trying to swallow his dense load, his cock trailing a strand of cum as his pulls from the glory hole, the man with the fat cock takes his place, she engulfs his pussy juice coated cock, leaving trails of saliva, and the remains of the last male's load, along his fat cock, as he pumps energetically into her hot cock sucking mouth. 

Two men stand behind her, caressing her ass, taking turns thrusting their thick fingers into her pussy. One moves to the platform, thrusting his cock into her visibly dripping pussy, the other pushes his pussy juice slicked finger into her ass, the male before her arches against the wall, the camera again captures her trying to take it all, strands of cum and saliva leak from the sides of her mouth. The man behind her pumps furiously, as the other slips a second finger into her upturned ass. The supervisor again whispers, the man withdraws, and moves around the wall to the glory hole, as she licks his cunt scented cock, he erupts giving her a HD tv facial for the bar crowd. The man still behind her takes the platform, pressing his extremely large cock head against her asshole, slowly arching forward until his cock spreads her ass for his entry. 

Slowly he presses forward, every inch of his long thick cock spreading her ass, sucking him deeper. A female stands at the glory hole pressing her fingers into her cunt, slowly withdrawing her sticky digits, shoving the juice coated fingers into Jackie's mouth. The man behind her is now thrusting deep, and hard into her ass, his fingers digging into her ass cheeks, spreading her wider. The female is offered a strap on by the supervisor and quickly takes her place with a big pink latex cock, next to the man fucking Jackie's ass, running her nails over her cheeks, and toying with Jackie's clit as she waits her turn. The man suddenly pulls from her now gaping ass, spraying his dense load all over her ass. The female immediately pushes him over, pushing the long, thick, pink cock deep into her wet pussy, and begins to thrust the rubber cock deep, and hard into Jessie's wet, well fucked pussy. The man makes his way to the glory hole, still oozing his seed, pushing his softening cock into the hole, Jackie hungrily sucks as the oozing cock. Two men stand beside the glory hole, stroking their cocks to full hardness. Spent, the current mouth fucker moves, the two press their slender cocks into the hole, the camera projects Jackie lapping at the two heads simultaneously, trying to wrap her lips around both cocks. 

A crowd gathers behind her, stroking rubbing their cocks on her ass cheeks, and thighs, watching intently as the female slowly snakes the long latex cock from her swollen, wet, slurping cunt, only to thrust the jiggling cock deeply, forcing her juices to visibly ooze from her stuffed full pussy. The female pulls the pink cock from her, strands of pussy juices coat the pink cock. One of the stroking men step forward, his massive cock hanging heavily in front of him, pressing against Jackie's swollen pussy, grabs her hips tightly, his thick meaty cock spreading her pussy as he arches against her, struggling to stuff her with his girth, Jackie gasps from the size, the two cocks before her push into her mouth deeper, the man's cock is so thick, and long, her starts by only fucking her with a third of it, arching his hips slowly working an inch deeper at a time. The two cocks in Jackie's mouth begin pumping faster, tightening, hardening, until the both burst their thick loads almost together, filling her mouth, and dripping from her chin.

Our grand opening has gone over amazingly, except for the disappointed female who was supposed to be in the stockade tonight.