 It was a trip that I had dreaded. Both Christopher and Isabella were well known prima donnas within the firm, cutthroat, overly competitive, and each had some sort of chip on their shoulder for one another. For the firm, closing the deal with this client meant record-breaking revenue, and the CEO wanted the best people to ensure everything went as planned. Unfortunately, this included me to soothe concerns of the clients' technical staff, who I already knew were itching to get their hands on our product.

Aggressive, tall, clean-shaven and rarely taking no for an answer, Christopher was the firm's top closer. Isabella had the highest profit margins in the firm - being smart and beautiful definitely had its advantages. While she kept up a solid ice-queen façade around the office, when it came to clients, she was as charming as you'd imagine a one-time debutant could be.

San Francisco was a four-hour trip from Chicago depending on what heightened state of security the airport was on this week. I was preparing for the worst, anticipating the continual bickering and snide comments to be exchanged between my two travel partners. I wasn't disappointed. You'd think they'd grow tired of it. Unfortunately for me, their ability to continually talk was probably one of the things that made them such good salespeople.

"We're in for a big payday if we seal the deal, Bella." Christopher always called her 'Bella', even though no one else did. But if it bothered her, she had never let him know.

"I'll have no problem closing, Chris. Just stay out of my way - and don't fuck up." Isabella was ruthless, and well known for using profanity when in a one-on-one situation to disarm another person. 

Obviously, I must not have counted as another person. It felt as if they considered me a chauffeur who was only along to drive them around. Chris, being the kind of status guy he was, had already arranged for the rental of a 'Hummer' when we arrived. 

Neither one of them had much use for the pre-sales technical team. They didn't understand the technology outside of using a few industry 'buzz words', but they were well aware of the revenue they could generate from selling it. Frankly, technical pre-sales was the group who was most responsible for the final sale. Without making a convincing pitch to the client's technical staff, they would never give the thumbs up to their management to spend the several million dollars to purchase and implement.

"No worry, Bella, I won't be fucking up - that's for sure," Christopher sarcastically winked at her. "However, there may be other, similar extracurricular activities I'll be engaging in once we've closed the sale."

"Oh, I'm sure you'll find some immature way to amuse yourself, Chris." 

Christopher had quite the reputation as the office 'ladies man', and rumor had it he'd even slept with the CEO's daughter at the annual Holiday party. Isabella, on the other hand, had the reputation of being a frigid ice queen - or at least came off as so intimidating that few dared ask her questions about her personal life. Christopher had no such reservations.

"Maybe you'd like to come with me, see the sights, have some fun? Dancing, drinking, celebrating?" Christopher was fishing. 

I braced for her to shut him down.

"I'd rather eat shit," Isabella smiled. "But why not ask Brad? He could probably use a night out." 

'Me?' I was stunned they were actually aware of my name, much less my presence. Christopher paused for a minute, considering the option. 

He looked at me. "You're coming with me after we win this client. No excuses." 

With Christopher, you were either in or out, and he was usually the one to decide. Personally, after the long flight that morning, I had hoped to crash after the deal. We'd left at 5am, and the time change always threw me for a loop. Yet, part of me was interested in how Christopher operated, so I agreed to go with him.

"Fantastic! Maybe you'll change your mind later, Bella." he smiled, flashing his pearly white veneers.

"I highly doubt it," she was ice cold. No doubt about it

The day with the client couldn't have been more perfect. I already knew the technical staff was interested in our product, but our approach to their business, and our rationalizations as to how we could enable them to reduce their costs while increasing productivity was the clencher with them. They were eating out of my hand. This deal was eight months in the making, and they were literally salivating at the opportunity to install state-of-the-art systems to replace their antiquated ones. 

Isabella had spent the majority of her time occupying the CEO, turning on more charm than any woman should rightfully have - much less use - pitching all the facets of the product that would improve their processes and enable greater revenue. Meanwhile, Christopher entertained the CFO and COO with in-depth financial metrics and explanations of cost benefits and productivity gains that would pay for the product costs in less than 18 months after implementation. 

The working combination of the three of us was practically magical. By the end of the day the deal was signed in our presence, and we left in a heady, euphoric rush.

"My God, that felt good." Isabella was the first to talk, jarring us from our thoughts.

"We were really clicking on all cylinders. That was as smooth as they come. I never had any doubt they were going to sign." Christopher was basking, enormously inflated with self-worth.

"You know, Chris, I've changed my mind. After this, I'd really like to go for that drink." Isabella was as relaxed as I've ever seen her. All the stress that had accumulated prior to the deal closing had washed away. She was in the mood to celebrate.

"I thought you might," Christopher said smugly, as if he knew all along. "I know a great place not too far from here. Brad, turn off on the next exit and I'll lead the way."

I had resumed my role as chauffeur, occasionally listening to the conversations in the back, which from what I could tell were quite different than the ones that had taken place on the plane that morning. This was beginning to shape into a very interesting night.

The bar was at the edge of San Francisco Bay, overlooking the Golden Gate. There was a wide selection of trendy Martini's, and although it was a dance club, it wasn't yet busy enough to be too loud. The one thing I loved about California bars was the great selection of happy hour snacks. I hadn't eaten much that day, and the alcohol would have knocked me out long ago with the jet lag I was feeling from the flight. Famished by the time I walked into the bar, I headed straight toward the spicy scent of chicken wings and the tangy aroma of cheese covered nachos, and then piled my small paper plate high before sitting down and ordering a drink. 

Christopher and Isabella seemed too high off the deal to eat, and immediately began ordering drinks, talking business, and recounting the conquest. Oblivious to how many drinks they were ordering, the conversation re-directed to any topic but business, and their demeanour changed from slightly professional to intoxicated and playful. They had consumed at least twice as many drinks as me, however I was the official driver, so had a good excuse.

"Let's dance!" Isabella suddenly stopped swaying her shoulders to the rhythm, and with a wild look in her eyes, she shot from her seat, a little unsteadily. 

"Sounds good to me," Christopher got up, stumbling a bit, and headed through the narrow passageway toward the dance floor. 

I reached out for another hot wing.

"You're coming too, aren't you?" Isabella looked straight at me, holding out her hand.

"Uh, I really don't dance much," I stammered, trying to think of any excuse. Dancing was awkward enough, but I didn't want to be put into any comparisons with Christopher, who I was quite sure had spent much more time on the dance floor than me.

"Oh, come on, Chris needs to realize he's not the best dancer in the world," she seemed to intuitively know what I was thinking. "You aren't going to turn me down, are you?"

For a moment I thought her icy cold stare was going to return, but she quickly softened with a laugh and trickled her long fingers across my shoulder. "C'mon, let me live every woman's fantasy of being between two men."

Not too blatant, I thought as she dragged me off my seat and through the passageway to find Christopher, but I chalked it up to the alcohol. This was the Ice Queen, after all. 

The music grew louder as we passed through the hallway, the bass pounding with each step closer. Humidity seemed to hang in the air as a sea of bodies almost crushing against each other, sweat gleaning from the foreheads of men trying to keep rhythm with more skimpily clad, energetic women. We pushed through the crowd and found Christopher grinding himself against some sexy, young blonde. How did he manage to find someone so quickly, much less make a move on the dance floor?

Isabella quickly walked over and tapped Christopher on the shoulder. "I thought you were dancing with me?"

Christopher sheepishly shrugged to the girl and turned to Isabella, who promptly turned around and faced me, leaving Christopher to awkwardly dance behind her. He quickly recovered, and wasted no time moving in close to her. She inched closer to me. With bodies pressing and pushing on the dance floor, I had nowhere to go but toward Isabella.

"Mmm, that's better," Isabella turned her head, leaned her cheek into Chris's shoulder, and whispered something to him. His lips smiled against her face, and then he pressed his body tight against hers, gliding his hands down her arms and trailing his fingers back up the silhouette of her body. She leaned into him, and then sank forward into my arms, which opened naturally as she fell into them. As her hands squeezed into my chest, the surrealism of the situation began to clear. It was obvious that she was enjoying herself.

I slid my hands across her hips and curved my fingers around her ass, as Christopher watched with a sly smile.

"Mm" she leaned her body into Chris, and my hands slipped off her ass. "Is this what you call professional conduct, Brad?" 

I was at a loss for a response and frankly terrified by what she might do next.

"I guess professional depends on the context of the business at hand." Her nails dug into my chest. She grabbed my shirt into her fingers and pulled herself, seductively into me. Uncertain, I instinctively moved back, but as her hands weaved across my belt, and slowing massaged across my cock, what she wanted became definitely clear.

'Why was it that I had never gone out with the sales team before?'

Christopher's hands moved between us, across her navel and then curved around her breasts. I felt his knuckles against my chest as his fingers circled and tweaked her nipples. Isabella stifled a groan over the pounding music, closing her eyes and grabbing my hard cock even tighter. My head was spinning.

"Let's get out of here." she said, shaking her head, probably realizing things had gone a bit too far.

"It's still early," Chris complained in no hurry to leave. "One last drink, and then we'll get going."

Isabella looked a bit aggravated and glared at Christopher.

"C'mon, Bella." he said with a smile, "Just one more."

We stumbled back through the hall and into the other bar area, and then found an empty table away from the crowd. I didn't know what Christopher's plans were, but given his reputation I had no doubt that he knew what he was doing. 

We sat down, ordered another round, and as soon as the waitress brought our drinks, Christopher inched himself closer to Isabella. His mouth pressed to her right ear and when he whispered something to her, she closed her eyes and mischievously bit her lower lip. His left hand disappeared under the table. Isabella closed her eyes, leaned back with a breath, and then opened her eyes into mine. She raised her drink, and glossed the edge of her glass across her lip as her feet stretched over mine, and the sole of her stiletto cruised up my leg. She downed her drink, and massaged her foot between my legs. My cock strained against my pants as the tempo of her foot increased. 

Somehow, I had become part of a very strange threesome, but I wasn't complaining.

Christopher brushed his chin up her cheek and with his hand noticeably moving beneath the table, he whispered into her ear again. She smiled, tilted her head and smiled something back. 

He leaned away and turned to me. "Having fun?" 

I broke out of the trance that Isabella's rhythmic foot movements had put me in.

"Not typical," I managed to say as my cock grew harder. "But, yes. Incredible." I had no idea if Christopher realized what she was doing to me or not. 

"Oh, just wait," he confidently winked and increased the pace of his hand as if to imply that he could make her cum right then and there.

Isabella pushed him away, her foot slid off my cock and she immediately sat up. "Don't be so fucking confident about that. Let's go."

'Had Christopher pushed her too far?'

We paid and left the bar, no one saying a word to each other. I clicked the key chain alarm on the Hummer, and climbed into the front seat to drive. Christopher and Isabella both sat in the back as I turned the ignition.

"So Chris, tell me - is this a typical night out for you," Isabella said.

I angled the rear view mirror to see his reaction. 

Christopher was arrogant, and always believed himself to be in complete control, but I knew he wouldn't blow his chances. He came up with something carefully crafted. 

"It didn't start out that way, but I think I have a pretty good idea how it will end up," Chris was leaning forward, toward her.

One could have taken this as either he knew he wasn't getting any, or he was still certain that he would. I leaned more to the latter, but couldn't tell what Isabella was thinking.

"Really. And how's that?" she slid across the seat, pushed his shoulders and pinned him against the door, then crawled across his lap, her skirt rising up her thighs. She smiled, wrapped her fingers on the first button then the next, opened his shirt and began kissing - no, her tongue outstretched, she was actually licking - his chest. My cock hardened as I tried to keep one eye on the road, and the other in the rear view mirror.

Christopher moaned, leaned his head against the window and closed his eyes as Isabella wrapped her mouth over his nipple, pulling with her lips, biting with her teeth, teasing with her tongue. 

She grabbed his belt with both hands, and slapped the leather from the buckle. My cock ached as she unzipped his pants, and pulled his out. She sat up, her hair brushed against the roof, she raised her hand, slid her thumb across her wet tongue and then swirled it over the head of his cock.

"Bella..." he moaned deeply, as her hand roughly slid up and down. She seemed to tighten her grip, and leaned close to his face. His eyes opened.

"Don't call me Bella," her head tilted, her voice even and cold. "I only allow certain people to call me that. You," again she seemed to tighten her grip, and he groaned, "are an arrogant little fuck who doesn't get that privilege. Do you understand?" It wasn't hard to tell who was taking control. I didn't know what Christopher was thinking, but I imagined his mind was racing and his cock was stiffening like mine.

"Yes," he mumbled, as her hand picked up the pace up and down his shaft.

"Ssh," she raised her other hand, and pressed a finger hard against his lips. "I hear you all day, I don't need to listen to you now." 

Isabella slid her ass off of his legs, swept her hands across his open fly, and yanked his pants down. Whatever Christopher had been doing to her in the bar, thinking he was the one seducing her, it was payback time now.

"Pay close attention, Brad," she looked over her shoulder at me. "We're going to teach Christopher some manners."

'We're'? What did she mean by, 'we're'? I adjusted the mirror.

Isabella lowered her head into his lap, her full red lips slipped over the head of his rigid cock, she pushed her mouth into his flesh, her lipstick coating his cock as it disappeared deeper into her throat. Christopher gasped and moaned, moving his hands through her hair. She stopped suddenly, taking her mouth off him, a net of saliva stringing from the head of his cock to her lip.

"Take your hands off me," she demanded.

"Ok, ok," he panted. "Don't stop." 

It didn't seem like Christopher to beg. He laid his hands at his sides, gripping the seat. 

"Was that a demand?"

"No, please," he said.

Isabella engulfed his cock between her moist lips, aggressively pushing her mouth up and down his shaft. His hips pulsed forward, and Isabella quickly raised her hands, pushed against his waist, again letting his cock slip from her mouth, and fall across her cheek.

"No," he begged again. She looked into his eyes, brushed the head of his cock across her lips, then sipped it back across her tongue, and into her mouth

Suddenly, Christopher stopped moaning, and would have sat almost completely upright had it not been for Isabella pushing him back.

"Wha - what are you doing?" he stammered. Isabella looked up, glaring, and then a wicked smile crossed her face.

"Aw, doesn't Chrissie like the feeling of my fingers? Doesn't Chrissie like getting fucked?" she mocked.

Chrissie? This was definitely not the situation I was expecting.

"No" he tried to move away from her, "I don't like it."

But Isabella pushed him back hard and he let her swallow his cock again.

'Maybe he'd thought she'd listen to him, and actually stop?' 

He moaned and then gasped as she plunged her fingers into his ass again.

"Oh, god," he began, torn between pleasure and what seemed discomfort, "no, no, no, oh god. Uhn," he prolonged and collapsed back into the seat, resigned to his fate. 

Isabella slipped the tip of her tongue around his head, and trailed it along his hard cock, then sucked her lips back up the side until wrapping her mouth over him again. I looked to the road and when I looked back to the mirror, she had removed her panties, and positioned her ass between the front bucket seats. I don't know if it was purposeful, or a matter of convenient positioning, but my cock pulsed seeing the smooth curve of her ass, and the moist, pink shimmer of her shaved pussy.

Cautiously, since I had no idea how I fit into this plan and how Isabella would take to being touched, I lifted my left hand off the steering wheel, reached across my right shoulder and flattened my palm against her smooth ass and began rubbing and squeezing her, slipping closer to her pussy. Had she planned on this happening all along? Who was she, really?

Suddenly, she moved a hand between her thighs, grabbed mine, and placed it between her legs. Her pussy was drenched, I could practically smell the sweetness near my face, and I ran my fingers through her lips, soaking them across her hole. She moved her hips up and down in rhythm with my hand. My pulse increased, and trying to keep focussed on the road, I immersed two fingers, feeling the heat as her body wrapped around my fingers. She moaned, her mouth still engulfing Chris's cock, and I began finger-fucking her.

"Oh fuck. My ass, Brad..." she said, "Fuck my ass."

Trying desperately to maintain control of the vehicle, I took my fingers out of her hole, and inserted them in her ass, as my thumb slid into her pussy. My muscles strained to fuck her, my heart pounded in my chest, and my cock was practically bursting as I felt every movement of her head bobbing wildly, hungrily up and down Christopher's cock.

"Fuck my ass. Fuck my pussy," she yelled and then moaned back over Christopher's cock.

"Oh god," Christopher breathed. He may not have been fingered before, but he sure seemed to be getting into it now.
