 I was at the erotic ball with my hubby and a few friends. It was the first time we had ever done something like this. The erotic costumes everyone was wearing had me all steamed up. Everywhere I looked attractive men and women were walking, dancing, kissing and fucking in all sorts of amazingly erotic attire.

Let me go back for a minute.

I'm 35, married, and rather timid sexually. I mean, I like sex. Don't get me wrong. But sexually I have only been with my husband. We met in college, fell in love, and married. Sadly, he was found to have a really low sperm count, and so we have never had children.

Our good friends John and Cheryl kept nagging us to come with them to the erotic ball. They had always told us about it, and while it sounded really sexy and fun to me, Tony was against it, asking me why we would ever want to go to something like that? Anyway, finally he had agreed, and here we were. He was wearing conservative boxer shorts, preferring to be tame. I, on the other hand, had let Cheryl dress me. To say my costume was sexy would be an understatement. It was totally hot!

I was wearing what I would call a jumpsuit. Cheryl told me it is called a 'Cat Suit'. Anyway, it is made from some kind of really stretchy, skin tight material, and is black shiny in colour. It has a really funny zipper down below, which means I can go to the toilet if I need to! It's a good thing too, because it took me almost five minutes to get my curvy body into it when we dressed earlier tonight! Tony kept complaining that people could see every inch of me through the shiny, tight material. In truth, I felt the sexiest I have ever been when I looked in the mirror and noticed how I looked in it. I actually undid the zipper at the front a little further to reveal some more of my boobies. I know Tony doesn't like me showing them off, but Cheryl told me he was being silly, and I should "live dangerously" and flash a little! On my feet I was wearing a pair of Cheryl's heels. They were really high and I found it hard to walk in them at first, but now I had gotten used to them and was actually able to dance in them! The naughtiest thing about me was that, without Tony knowing, I had taken off my panties and bra!! Cheryl has explained that she could see the lines of them through the Cat Suit, and that I really must take them off. I've never gone without underwear before, but, in truth, it felt really nice!

Anyway, back to the present!

I was returning from the bathroom, having needed to pee, when something interesting caught my eye. In one corner of the main dance area was a large box. It was made of timber, and it had all these weird kind of holes in the sides, at all different heights. As I stood against the wall watching, I noticed several people go inside. Usually they came out giggling or looking rather flustered, and at first I couldn't figure out why. Then, as I moved closer, I was able to see what was happening. I blushed and a hot feeling came all over my body as I realised the holes were for other people to reach in and touch them as they stood inside the box!

"It's a grope box. Does it interest you?" a strange voice asked.

I jumped at the closeness of the voice behind me.

"There, there. Don't be frightened. I'm Richard, and I run this place. First time tonight?" he asked me.

He was tall, and was wearing a pair of black leather pants, boots and a funny cross over kind of thing on his muscled chest. I almost lost my breath at the proximity of this man as he spoke.

"Umm yes. My first time. Annnd....ummm, yes. I find it ......very......intriguing!" I told him.

I felt like a giddy school girl, and I instantly panicked and looked for Tony, but he was nowhere to be seen.

"Well, welcome. I hope you enjoy the night. If you feel brave enough, you should go and have a closer look at the grope box. Who knows? You might even like it!" Richard informed me.

And with that he was gone. I watched in awe as his muscled, shiny frame walked away from me, and marvelled with the ease with which he spoke to almost every person he passed, male or female.

I decided it was time to find Tony, and so I walked onto the dance floor. As I moved closer to the grope box, I noticed a young woman about to enter. Unable to find Tony, I decided to stay and watch for a bit longer. 

It had me intrigued, and Richard's words were like an echo in my mind. "Who knows? You might even like it?"

I wondered what was it like? What happened in there? Was I brave enough? What would Tony say?

As the young woman entered, I was stunned at the reaction of the waiting men. Like seagulls to a piece of bread, they flew in and swarmed around the outside of the box. Before I was able to comprehend what they were doing, I realised their hands and fingers and arms were reaching inside the box to touch the young woman! How could she let them touch her? What were they actually doing? Did she have a husband? Would he mind? Could I ever do such a thing?

My mind raced!

I moved closer. Suddenly I realised I was close enough that one of the men reaching inside was able to see me moving in his direction. He smiled, all the while his hand feeling for the young woman inside. I wondered what he was touching. I wondered how she felt. I wondered how many men were touching her, and where they were touching her, how it felt, whether she was aroused.

I was going mad with erotic thoughts!

Just as I approached the man, he reached for me with his free hand, and pulled me to him. I was shocked, but he was firm, and before I knew what was happening, he kissed me deep on the lips, his hand fondling my breast in my Cat suit as he pushed me.

I jumped back shocked, scared, aroused, frightened and turned on all at the same time.

What was happening to me? Where was Tony? Why had he left me alone? Why were my nipples throbbing?

I surprised myself incredibly by standing my ground. The stranger left his arm around me, his hand still on my now totally aroused breast, my nipples throbbing and my pussy aching. I felt more alive sexually than I had ever felt with Tony. It was bad.

Next to me the man reached down from my breast, and freed his penis from his thong underwear. I was shocked. My hands rose to my face and I gasped. Was it shock? Was it horror? Was it fear? No, truth be known, it was arousal. Total, unashamed, sexual arousal! I could not take my eyes of this man's penis.

"Do you like my cock, baby?" he asked me.

I was shocked.

"UUmmmmm, no....uummm, No, I mean well yes! It looks....ummm...nice!"

Truth be known it was the largest 'cock' I had ever seen. Tony never used that word, and I certainly didn't either! But, the penis was much larger than Tony's. I somehow could not keep my eyes of it as he continued reaching in and touching the young woman.

Suddenly there was a loud cry from inside the box. At first I thought it was a cry of fear, but I quickly realised the truth. The woman inside the box was cumming. The hands and fingers must have made the young woman orgasm right there in front of everyone! I was stunned. I was intrigued. I wanted to be next!

Before I knew what had happened, I found myself inside the box. I was inside the dark, dingy box with holes all around the walls. The man who had kissed me was behind me, his hands firmly pushing me into the box further, his penis now lewdly erect as I looked down towards it.

I closed my eyes.

I lost control of my body, and within seconds I felt fingers and hands all over me, touching me everywhere! I was standing there, inside the 'grope box' in my cat suit and high heels, with a stranger behind me, poking his 'cock' between my thighs, and hands were all over my body. I knew Tony would kill me if he knew, but I didn't care. I was lost in sexual bliss and nothing was going to stop me from enjoying this moment of sexual abandonment!

The man behind me reached around and fondled my boobs through the skin tight material of my cat suit, and, in response to his touch and his 'cock' between my legs, I spread my legs apart further and leant back, my head resting on his shoulder as the hands and fingers took control.

The zipper at my front was undone all the way down, and both my boobs were totally exposed. I felt two more, then three, then four more hands touching, groping and fondling my tits. It was as if another person had taken control of me. My pussy, boobs and even my ass were yearning for rough treatment at the hands of my assailants, and I loved it!

Just as I felt a few hands on my thighs, the man behind me reached down and undid the zipper which ran from my belly button to the small of my back. Then, without a word, fingers entered me. My pussy felt like there were ten little creatures fingering and playing inside me. Slowly a wet finger, then two, then three, were pushed into my arse. No one had ever done that to me before, but I was begging for it now as my body lost control.

Here I was, dressed like a slut, in a grope box at an erotic ball, my husband nowhere to be found, with god knows how many people, yes, people, for I knew not whether they were male or female, groping my body and I was shamelessly loving it. Richard bent me forward, and the fingers and hands adjusted with my movement, finding new ways, new angles to probe, touch, penetrate and play with all my erogenous zones at once. I had t least four fingers in my pussy, and I was mindlessly riding them up and down in a fucking motion. I rode them until I could feel the drops of my own sex juices falling and dripping down my thighs inside the cat suit. My nipples were being pinched, pulled and my boobs being played with by so many hands I could not count. Suddenly, a cock hit my left hand, and instinctively I grabbed hold of it. Seconds later another touched my right hand, and I found myself wanking off two complete strangers inside the box. I was wanton.

Just as I thought I could be no sluttier, Richard pushed me slightly further forward, and, without ushering so much as a word, he pushed his large cock into me from behind. I had crossed the line without even being able to control myself. My cunt, yes, I began to call it my cunt, jammed down on the glorious cock inside me as the fingers stroked his shaft and rubbed my clitoris. As I began to fuck him back, the hands in my arse felt amazingly tight and erotic. I had never felt anything like this before as strangers continues to arouse my body in every way while I fucked a complete stranger and let hoards of people touch me and have their way with my body parts.

I was now yelping and squealing with delight as I fucked this man, and suddenly the cock in my right hand spurted cum all over my hand, forearm and onto my cat suit bound thigh. I tugged and tugged, the sight of the spurting cock in my hand in the dingy box arousing me beyond comprehension. As soon as he stopped, and while still relentlessly bouncing up and down on the stranger's cock in my pussy, I jerked the shit out of the cock to my left, until he too began to come. I was ravenous, and my next move shocked myself even further if that was possible at that time. I dropped forward to slurp and lick and swallow the cum that was spurting from the cock I had just wanked off. I finished licking him clean, gulped it all down, then, like a cat chasing a ball of wool, sought more cocks to drain of their love juice.

Two more cocks found their way through the holes and into my hands, and I sucked and played with them both until they too came in my mouth and fist. Men everywhere were gathering around, realising that I was something out of the ordinary, willing not only to let them touch me and fondle me, but the word soon spread that I was letting one man fuck me, and letting others not only stick their fingers inside my pussy and ass, and fondle my tits, but I was sucking their cocks too, and letting them cum in my mouth and throat. I was a slut, Tony was nowhere to be seen, and I was in cunt heaven.

Suddenly I felt the cock in my cunt swell, and behind me, Richard tensed and took a firm hold of my hair, in a rough grip. I stopped sucking the two cocks alternately to tense up my body, knowing exactly what was about to happen.

Moments later, with fingers buried to the hilt in my arse, my boobs being pinched, fondled and my legs being touched while I maintained my grip on two cocks, a stranger came inside me for the very first time. His cock erupted with a burst of cum deep inside me the very first spurt. The second, third and fourth were even deeper, though I thought that it was impossible until Richard proved me wrong. He simply FILLED me with so much cum that I felt It ooze and drip from my cunt the moment he pulled out of me. I turned briefly to thank him, kissed him on the lips, then resumed sucking the two, no, three cocks that were now poking through the holes in the box that I could reach.

Without warning, a new man, an unnamed, unknown man, stepped into the box behind me. I didn't even bother to look back to see who it was. I was too addicted to the cocks and hands that were playing me like an instrument.

Suddenly, my eyes nearly popped out of my head.

"Bitch, I'm gonna fuck your tight arse till you feel my cock coming out your mouth, you slut."

I was totally consumed by the moment. I don't know if it was the strange men's cock s I was sucking, all three of them, or the what must have twenty hands at this stage that were inside my cunt, my ass, touching my tits, and all over me, but I simply leaned forward, offer my arse to the unknown man. I realised full well that I was about to be fucked in the arse and I didn't care.

Behind me, the man must have spat on his cock, because without a word of further warning, I felt a searing, burning sensation in my arsehole and I knew he was inside me. I was being butt fucked in the box while many, too many people to count joined in and enjoyed sharing in my erotic adventure.

The cock to my right exploded into orgasm once more, and I was struck on the cheek. The second splash hit my hair and then the two cocks to my right spasmed together and cum was blasted all over my face. I struggled to try to catch as much of the three spurting cocks as I could, all the while bouncing up and down as the man behind me fucked my arse in front of the crowd gathered around the small box. As I felt the arse muscles relax and I began to enjoy the cock inside my bottom, I was aware of someone else moving into the tiny box with me. I stopped sucking the two new cocks long enough to look up and see who it was. 

It was Cheryl.

"Well, hi there stranger! Look who is all slutty and loving it now?" she said before tonguing me deeply in my mouth as I rode the guy behind me with my arsehole, his cock penetrating my bowels deeper with every stroke.

As we kissed each other, she licked the sperm from my face, and within seconds she too had hands and fingers all over her body. A minute later we were both being fucked, me in the arse, while a dark looking cock poked into her pussy from behind through one of the grope holes. It was an amazing sight. We held each other tight and simply locked our mouths together, our tongues entwining as we kissed and fucked our strangers anally and in the cunt. I loved the way our boobs were squashed against each other as our bodies bounced up and down, the hands jiggling and touching us as we put on our wanton sex show.

I was getting tired by now, and so I turned to ask my arse fucker to cum.

I recognised his eyes. It was Tony! Meek, mild, timid Tony was standing there, with his cock buried to the hilt in my arse, as god knows how many strangers fingered and came on me through the holes in the box. Tony, his dick reaching places not even my own fingers had ever been, watched as I had been tongue kissing my best friend as she was being fucked from behind.

It was too much.

Suddenly an orgasm as strong as kryptonite gripped my entire body, and the fingers, the cock in my arse, Cheryl's tongue in my mouth and the hands on my tits made me cum.

And cum I did. 

I screamed so loud I am sure every person at the erotic ball heard me above the blaring dance music. My eyes popped out of my head, as halfway though my orgasm, Tony started to cum in my arse, increasing the intensity of my climax. I shook, my boobs dripping with sweat, as the orgasm ripped thorough my body. In front of me Cheryl climaxed too, and as she began to cum, the man fucking her pulled out and came all over her arse.

Behind me Tony had completely filled my bowels with hot wet cum, and I suddenly my eyes rolled back in my head and I blacked out...

When I awoke, I was in the hotel room. Through heavy eyes I saw Tony. He was sitting in a chair, completely naked, his wonderful cock rock hard as he stroked it slowly.

"You dirty, dirty girl..."