 AN ENTERTAINING MONDAY

The two blonde gay beauties Chris and Brent met me at my room wearing just shorts and flip flops as I directed. The three of us went to the nude beach and it took them a little time to adjust to being naked in public. They both lay face down on the beach towels and I put the sun block on their backs, legs and buttocks. I was tempted to finger their cute nether holes but that would have been taking it too far. Rubbing their smooth, hairless flawless bodies got me turned on and I too had to lay face down on the towel to conceal my excitement. 

In time we all became comfortable with the nudity and relaxed the rest of the morning. Several times we took dips in the ocean and I got drinks for the three of us. On a few occasions I saw the boys talking with other young men whom I assumed were also gay. I decided that it would be good for Chris and Brian to have some fun with other gays if they so desired. However I cautioned them about safe sex and supplied them with some condoms since I had brought along plenty. We sunbathed nude all morning and then showered, dressed and ate lunch together. 

After they lunch I got ready for the dive trip and gave the boys one of my room keys in case they wanted some privacy. I headed for the boat dock and met our dive master an Aussie girl named Cynthia. She was not a beauty but somewhat alluring and I loved her accent. She was wearing a wet suit shorty and she looked be in her late twenties or early thirties. She had light brown hair that was cut short and she had a decent figure. She was somewhat flat chested but the wet suit caused some of that. She had firm shapely muscular legs and a nice round bottom which was obvious even in the tight wet suit. 

I followed her down to the dock where the dive boat was tied up. The tanks were already on the boat and there were about 12 divers along with two other dive instructors. We boarded the boat, stowed our gear and then she reviewed the dive plan with all the divers. I checked out other divers and there were eight couples, two women, myself and another guy. The other guy and I paired up as dive buddies as all the others were already paired up.

As the boat traveled to our destination I checked out the women named Naomi and Sonia. I guessed them to be both in their late thirties or early forties. They were both wearing tasteful two piece bathing suits and they were both in decent shape. One more than one occasion I checked out their round curvy asses and I noticed that at times they were checking me out as well. 

We did two dives that afternoon and they were fantastic. The variety of marine life was outstanding. I absolutely loved the underwater. It was a beautiful day and the visibility was 80 to 90 feet. After our dive and on the boat ride back to the dock, Naomi and Sonia couldn't stop talking about what a wonderful experience they had. We rinsed, stowed and secured all the gear in the huge locker provided. I liked the fact that I did not have to lug it back to my room. 

Cynthia's boyfriend a guy named Rob was waiting for her when the boat docked. She introduced me to him and he was a pleasant guy. He looked to be about 5'4" and shorter than Cynthia at 5'6". When I shook his hand it disappeared in mine and seeing his small feet I could only imagine that he had a small pud. I found myself wondering if he was keeping Cynthia happy and then scolded myself for putting down another guy's manhood. Naomi and Sonia seemed interested in me but I decided to pass on pursuing that for the time being. 

On my way back to the room I checked out the beach and did not see Chris and Brent. I entered my room and found them both on my bed naked. Chris was sitting back on the bed propped up with pillows against the head board. Brent was stretched across the bed on his stomach with his beautiful curvy ass on display. He was sucking on Chris's cock as Chris fondled his buttocks. My bladder was ready to burst so I went to the bathroom to pee. After taking my piss, they were in the same position. It was one of the hottest things I had ever seen. As Chris caressed the lovely ass, Brent flexed his buttocks emphasizing the perfect shape of his buns. I felt my cock stir in my shorts and I knew that I had to have that ass again.

I stripped off my shorts and tee shirt and walked naked toward the bed. Chris smiled at me when he saw me and his eyes went straight to my cock which was standing erect away from my body. I approach Brent from behind but he did not notice me as he was preoccupied with Chris's cock. I noticed the lube on the night stand so I picked it up to lubricate Brent's asshole. First I rubbed his sexy ass and he just wiggled his buns in response. As I played with his ass, he continued sucking Chris's cock.

I began to finger his anus with the lubricant and then I added a second finger. He clenched his sphincter around my two fingers as I greased it preparing it for my cock. Finally I couldn't wait any longer so I knelt over him and eased my cock into his well-lubed receptive ass. I pressed down slowly and watched my cock steadily disappear into that warm channel. I felt the smoothness of his buttock touch my upper thighs as my cock sank all the way into the hot passage. I held still briefly and then I began to fuck him slowly. I was all the way in Brent's ass when I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump him with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Brent cried out as he took Chris's cock from his mouth to encourage me.

He rose up slightly so that his ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would take longer strokes. My cock head went to the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. My fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

Brent asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his body and he grunted on Chris's dick with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once he started to contract his sphincter muscle I lost it. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing.

Brent moaned and then whispered in his excitement, "Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it."

As I continued to fuck him, semen backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. He used his talented ass to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. The milking action weakened me and I leaned over on his body. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it in his chute. Brent humped up against me fucking me back as I stayed in him. I noticed his hand flying over Chris's cock.

"Oh shit I'm going to cum," Chris announced and then he ejaculated.

Cum shot out of Chris's cock and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. Brent kept jerking the cock until every drop had been squeezed out of it. He then licked Chris's cum from his body. I was still hard and I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Brent pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in him. Brent slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming. I pulled out of his ass and he rolled over on his back.

Brent grabbed his cock and jerked it frantically in search of his release. Chris leaned over and began sucking on Brent's balls which sent him over the edge. He shot an enormous load into the air and it landed on his face, neck, chest, and abs and puddled around his pubes. I was impressed as I watched six or seven streams shoot out of the pulsating cock and travel over a foot in the air before landing on his body. Chris moved up and kissed him and then he licked the seed from his face. 

I moved Brent to his side and stared at the fabulous looking bottom that I had just fucked. I pushed my cock back in his ass and resumed fucking him. Soon I was all the way back in Brent's ass and I resumed a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. He again asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. I wasn't worried about cumming too quickly as I knew that I had already cum once in his ass. I fired a barrage of sperm in his ass filling it to overflowing. 

"Oh yes please keep fucking me. Fuck me again and cum in me again," he pleaded.

I pushed forward and Brent rolled over on the bed under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. He was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Brent rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled as I too rolled over on my back. Brent and Chris then descended along my body with their lips and covered my cock and balls with their mouths. They both sucked my cock until it was clean of all cum. 

Next they both rolled over on their back and took a hold of their stiff cocks. They jerked off while I watched and when I sensed they were close to cumming, I ran my hand over their balls. Brent groaned as I played with his ball sac and then his body stiffened and shot another huge load onto his body. The first several streams landed on his chest, them more landed on his abs and finally cum oozed from his cock and covered his pubes. Chris also came with the same results. All the while I rubbed their balls until they stopped cumming. Watching them shoot was a turn on and I felt my own cock harden again. Chris looked at my stiff prick and smiled. 

"Do you have enough left to fuck me this time?" he asked.

I just moved over to him and slid my cock up his ass as we rolled onto our sides in the spoon position. I fucked him slowly with long deliberate strokes pulling my cock almost all the way out and then plunging it back in his ass. I marveled at how much they both resembled girls when their cocks weren't visible.

Brent took hold of Chris's hand and guided it to his cock. Brent also took a hold of Chris's cock and they jerked each other off. Chris was moaning now as I steadily fucked his ass and Brent stroked his cock. I knew it would take longer to cum this time but I was in no hurry as I enjoyed fucking his shapely ass. I felt his body stiffen and he tightened his buttocks when he came and I felt the increased pressure on my cock. Chris shot his load onto Brent's hand and wrist. A few more strokes in his ass and I was cumming for a third time that afternoon.

I shot a much smaller load into Chris's ass and my cock softened quickly and slipped out. Chris rolled over on his stomach releasing his hold on Brent's cock at the same time. Brent quickly mounted Chris and slipped his cock into his lover's ass and fucked him fast and hard. His body was almost a blur as he fucked Chris in search of his release and then it happened. Brent stiffened as he unloaded in the sweet ass and then he hugged and kissed his lover. He slowly rolled off of Chris onto his back. I moved out of the bed to let them rest and give myself a much needed break. The room smelled of sex and the two of them looked very sexy lying naked in bed.

I went in my bathroom and took a shower. When I came out of the bathroom the boys were gone apparently back to their room to get ready for dinner. I dressed for dinner and headed to the main dining room. I spotted the boys and their parents and Peter asked me to sit with them during dinner. During dinner I told them about the two dives that afternoon and how beautiful it was underwater. Peter talked about the national park and Rhonda raved about the clothes she bought on the shopping tour. 

After dinner there was a steel band for the evening entertainment. They were quite good and we all enjoyed the island music. I had the sense again that Rhonda was nervous around me but she was also still checking me out. I spotted Naomi and Sonia there as well and I was glad that I had not committed to hanging out with them. After fucking the two pretty blonde gay boys, I had nothing left. Later we all said good night and I was exhausted. I had no trouble falling asleep that night and sleeping in the next morning. I was grateful that the two boys did not come to my room early that day.

TUESDAY'S ADVENTURES 

On Tuesday morning I arrived at the dining room and spotted Peter and Rhonda dining alone. I approached their table and asked if I could join them again. They invited me to sit with them and this time Rhonda seemed to be more at ease in my presence. 

"Where are the boys this morning?"

"Oh they met some friends, they are sitting over there," Peter replied.

I looked over and saw the boys with the guys they had met on the nude beach yesterday. The six of them were smiling and giggling and I sensed that sometime that day there would be an orgy going on in one of the rooms. I smiled at the parents and spoke.

"That's nice to see that they met some young men close to their own age."

Rhonda gave me a curious look as if she knew what was going on. Peter seemed unaware or disinterested. Then he surprised me when he said that he was going on a deep sea fishing trip that day.

"That sounds like fun. I don't fish but I love to dive and observe them."

"It's all catch and release. I'm hoping to bag a Marlin."

"Well good luck and what do you have planned today Rhonda, more shopping?"

"Oh heaven's no, I did too much damage yesterday. I am going to the spa for a massage and then I will relax on the beach."

"Sounds good, there is a tennis tournament this morning. I plan to play in that and then after lunch I'll probably hit the beach as well. In fact I need to get going and change into tennis attire. See you later, have fun today," I said as I headed for my room.

As I dressed for the tournament I thought about catching up with Rhonda on the beach later. However first things first and I headed for the tennis courts. As I walked toward the courts I thought of Rhonda and how much fun it would be to massage her shapely body. I wondered if she would have a male or female touching her lovely skin that day.

I was disappointed in the tournament as it was too easy. Only three other guys showed up so we had four singles matches and I won both of mine handily. We still had some time so we paired up for doubles and had a fun match before calling it a morning. I got a hat and a water bottle for winning the tournament. Of course they both had the resort name on them. I headed back to my room to shower and then eat lunch.

Rhonda was dining alone at lunch so I joined her without asking permission this time. "How was the tennis tournament?" she asked.

"It was okay but too easy. Still it was fun there were a couple of nice guys playing. How was your massage?"

"It didn't happen. One of the therapists didn't come to work today and they were running behind. They gave me a bottle of massage oil as an apology and booked me for tomorrow."

"That's too bad. If you like I could give you a massage. You already have the oil and I have been told that I give good massages."

She looked at me curiously and I knew she was struggling with the idea. "Well think about it over lunch," I suggested. 

After lunch she smiled at me and said, "It seems that I don't have much choice if I want I massage today. Are you sure you want to be with an older lady today"?

"Absolutely, I like your company and I would be pleased to give you a massage. We can do it in your room of you would feel more secure there."

"No let's do it in your room. I wouldn't want the boys to return unexpected and get the wrong idea."

"No, we wouldn't want that would we?"

"I'm going back to my room to get my bikini and then I'll come to your room."

We finished lunch and I headed for my room to straighten up a bit before she arrived. I sensed getting her bikini was an act of modesty that wouldn't last long. I felt that she knew that we were going to have sex but that she did not want to appear too anxious. I took off my clothes and just put on a pair of nylon running shorts. Minutes later she arrived wearing a sarong over her bikini. Rhonda removed her sarong, laid on her back on the bed and smiled at me.

"Do my front first," she said sexily.

She closed her eyes as I gently placed the fragrant oil on my hands and with two fingers on each hand I made small gentle circles over her forehead. I then moved to her cheeks, massaged her nose and her lips, and her chin, then back to her temples and down the side of her face and neck. I massaged all around her bikini covered breasts spending a lot of time on her firm abs. I massaged each arm individually holding it up to my face. She had her eyes closed and I sensed that she was waiting for me to make the first move.

I slipped my oily hands inside her bikini top and over her sensitive breasts. She smiled at me and I bent my head and kissed her gently. She reached up and took my hands and pressed them to her breasts as her hardened nipples pushed against my palms. I quickly untied the bikini bra and wisked it away from her body. I held the bottle of warm oil above her breast and a single drop splashed on her nipple and ran down her side and she flinched with the sensation and groaned at the action. I smiled back at her and poured a small trail of oil down her stomach and then I began massaging her breasts, one in each hand as I looked into her eyes. 

She glanced upwards again to watch as my hands moved down to her ribs and chest and stomach, spreading the oil until she was glistening in the dim light of the room. I knew she loved the feeling as my hands moved over her breasts, chest, and stomach. She looked at my crotch and saw that my cock was fully aroused and tenting my shorts. She smiled as she reached and gently grasped my cock through the leg hole in my shorts. I let out a small moan as she moved her hand up and down my huge shaft. She took some oil from me and placed some on the head of my cock then and she placed her palm over the top, gently squeezing and releasing the pressure on my shaft. I quickly pulled my shorts off and kicked them aside.

She spread the oil over my cock as she continued to stroke me squeezing her hand around the shaft as she felt my hand move under her bikini bottom and over her pubic hair. I moved my hand downward until my hand covered her entire moist area. Rhonda spread her legs as my middle finger probed the folds of her labia. Gently I inserted my finger sliding it in effortlessly within her warm channel. Rhonda began stroking me in rhythm to my finger entering and withdrawing in her pussy. With my other hand I untied the string bikini bottom and removed it. She lifted her hips making it easy. 

I was afraid that I would cum if she continued to work my cock in her oily hand so I removed my finger from her pussy and massaged her thighs. I put plenty of oil on her luscious thighs and rubbed it in thoroughly. Her quad muscles relaxed under my movements and she emitted an audible sigh. I worked her inner thighs and massaged them all the way from her knee to her pussy letting the back of my hands brush against her pubic mound. Her engorged clitoris peeked out of her pussy lips and I trapped it between two of my oily fingers. Rhonda jumped at the contact and once again she reached for my cock.
