 She had never intended the sex -- never mind how intense and liberating it had felt - to linger on. Her nephew, now 19, had lost his concentration and appetite for studies with his mind suffused with thoughts of the warm embrace of Saroja Manni. He remembered her hands on his cock and lusted for more than just handling. His brother had been luckier with her and he could not get over that.

With his scores falling and the boy's parents looking to Saroja and her husband to help their kids do well in life, Saroja felt responsible for bringing back focus into the youngster's academic pursuits.

That one goal dominated her mind when she took him to bed with her and fucked him; he should get in decent hours of study.

Despite all the reasoning behind her actions she fucked him to her own satisfaction as much as to his.

The release was therapeutic to him. His animal taking of her as he overcame the initial awe helped her convince him that he was sex and lust crazed rather than in love with his aunt as he imagined.

That was to be the end of that. The young man repaid her by immediately sitting down with his books and putting in

That would have been the end of that had it not been for Suguna the maid. The nephew Sundar's hardon was unrelenting. While he slumbered on through a late morning after the all nighter with his aunt, his cock stood as if waiting for the next opportunity.

It was a matter of time before Suguna came to his room to clean up. She had spied and guessed the illicit activity between the saucy and buxom Saroja and her virile virgin nephew. When she entered the room and found Sundar with his cock at full mast, she took him.

It helped Saroja in the larger mission of showing Sundar the distinction between love and lust. It helped Saroja show Sundar that sex could not become a distraction that destroyed his life and career. If fucking the maid could get it out of his system that was all for the good.

But it also unleashed sexual jealousy in her. When she chanced upon maid being fucked with a vigor and abandon she felt Sundar had been timid with her. He had not been -- but now she felt that way. The language, the aggression and the dominance he showed were things she considered him incapable of.

Her loins told her she wanted him to be all that with her too. And the intimacy with the maid, of lower class was appalling. He ate her and sipped from her cunt, whereas in the house they did not even serve her in the same teacups.

Before the boy left for his parents, Saroja took him again, this time asking to fuck like a slut, a whore and a bitch. No reverence, no coyness. If he could fuck her like a raging stud, he better ravage her too.

And then Sundar left as she had planned for him to.

When the maid came by the next morning it was a bit odd for Saroja. At first, the maid had spotted her with her nephew. And then she had seen the maid and her nephew in the sixty-nine position. She had practically kicked her out of the house that morning. Suguna had lain drained and supine on the floor. Saroja treated her the way she ought to have been. She prodded the woman with her feet and asked her to leave. But that was not before the woman's large chocolate colored breasts made their impression on Saroja. She shook her head to shrug off unacceptable thoughts of lustful attraction.

She turned the fire in her loins to her own kind in her nephew. 

And now this morning, she did not know how to face the maid. Nor did the maid have a clue on how to handle her return to work.

Both women kept it professional. Saroja went about her housework. As soon as Suguna arrived she was directed to her chores. Vessels to be scrubbed, clothes to be washed and rooms to be cleaned.

Suguna was all deference. That was how it was on the day after the maid had taken liberties on the previous day. The liberties were typically a day off, a loan taken or wanting to come in late or leave early.

Today the liberty taken the previous day had been to fuck the young master of the house even as the lady of the house had been fucking him. It was just not done. Neither the aunt nephew thing, not the maid young master episode. But both had happened.

Suguna was extra careful and efficient today. She had been fearful of losing her job. The knowledge she possessed of Saroja engaging in forbidden sex was not a weapon she could use. It was knowledge but she could not apply it to saving herself. The only thing was to be completely supplicant.

And there was always one thing that maids could extend as favors to their mistresses. It was the gentle massage and leg pressing on afternoons. In the equation between maid and mistress the leg pressing was a game. If the maid felt well disposed or had the need to curry favor she would oblige. But for the Indian housewife, the need for the leg pressing was routine.

Today, Suguna planned on offering her services to mend fences with Saroja. The lady had seemed especially brusque and offended when she asked her to leave the previous day. Suguna had been in a state of undress and had hurried out. It was 'making up' day. 

She parted the curtain to Saroja's bedroom and peered in. "Ma, I am done for the day," she called out.

"Hmm," said Saroja drowsily.

"I have a bit of free time today,' said Suguna, entering the room. She didn't actually have the time. She had told her husband to come by and pick her up. They planned to get a loan and start a taxi service. He was too much of a drunkard and preferred odd jobs. She was more ambitious than that. In fact, cozying up to Saroja was part of that project. They would need all the support and referrals they could get. 

"Do you want me to press your legs for you?" asked Suguna, realizing that Saroja was keeping quiet. Normally it was Saroja who would be reduced to pleading for the massage -- today it was quite the opposite.

Saroja did not want to say yes, but she did need the rubdown. The excesses of the previous day, especially when she had straddled her nephew was now telling. Muscles were aching. Things that she had seen Suguna do prove quite strenuous physically. In the heat of the sexual tryst she didn't feel it. But now it did.

Saroja rubbed her ankles together and grunted "Yah!"

Suguna settled down on one edge of the bed -- the only circumstance in which she was permitted to sit down on house furniture. Her being sprawled on the bed, legs wide apart while Sundar was eating and plundering had been a gross transgression of house etiquette.

She rubbed the ankles gently. Saroja's drowsiness deepened as she relaxed. These sessions were normally punctuated by gossip and Suguna found the silence uncomfortable.

"Are you angry with me?" she asked softly. 

"Why should I be?" asked Saroja, a little irritated. 

Suguna said nothing in reply. What could she say? She continued rubbing the ankle and calf muscles. Suguna noticed for the first time that Saroja's skin was soft and delicate compared to her own rough and weather beaten body. Her hand drifted upward as she wondered that if the ankles were this soft how much softer would she be further up?

"Here," said Saroja, indicating her hip. The boy had held her legs apart at an impossibly wide angle. It had seemed marvelous at the time that he would treat her with the authority of ownership. It was only during the night that the pain had surface. (That night she had stayed as far on her side of the bed as possible, away from her husband. She was too raw to take him after Sundar's plundering.)

Suguna let her hand slide further up almost as if to reach for the hip from within Saroja's saree. Then she quickly pulled the saree and petticoat down and hoisting herself up on her knees pressed down with her palms on Saroja's hip. Leaning over the lady's body, she could see her breasts rising and falling in the rhythm of her breath. 

Boys love breasts and young Sundar must have feasted on them she thought. Her own body stirred at the thought of how he had mauled Suguna's breasts.

As if on cue, Saroja broke her silence.

"You seem to have lots of experience with this sort of thing," she asked. 

"Oh yes, everyone likes a massage. But I do more readily for you than others. I tend to avoid them," replied Suguna.

"Not that! There must be young fellows in almost every house you work at," said Saroja pointedly. 

Suguna held her breath. She took her body weight off the palms of her hands. Her hands became softer and were rubbing her hip rather than massaging it. 

"Not really experience. You know how it is with these young men," she said.

"I wouldn't!" snapped Saroja.

"But you do,' insisted Suguna her fingers going softer on Saroja. She meant it in a general sort of way, as if to say that the lady of the house knew more about anything and everything than the servant would know.

"I don't!" snapped Saroja again.

"Come on, Ma! You really are angry with me, aren't you?" she said pouting. She slid her hands all the way down the side of Saroja's body, rubbing her from hip to ankle and back again.

"Why would I be?" said Saroja.

"Because of the young master," said Suguna her hands back on the hips.

"Nonsense!" said Saroja.

"That age is like that," explained Suguna. "They are curious. They want to know. They want to touch."

"And you let them?" hissed Saroja, suddenly angry. "It is not quite like that," replied Suguna, her hands wandering onto Saroja's belly.

"Then what is it like?" asked Saroja.

"These guys are very bold nowadays. And if we are not downright rude, they are persistent too," said Suguna, her mind going to the time the young man had boldly masturbated under the sheets even as she went about sweeping the room.

"Well if you are clear then it is quite easy for you to be firm, isn't it?" said Saroja.

"Yes, but we don't take it all that seriously. And then I am a woman too," explained Suguna. Her hands continued to roam Saroja's hip, seeming less like massage strokes and more like caresses. Saroja did not notice or did not care. Whichever, Suguna was enjoying the soft warmth of the housewife's body.

"Oh, I noticed that it is no big deal for your type. A woman must keep herself in check," said Saroja, trying to take the moral high ground

"Did you?" asked Suguna, stung to the quick.

"Mine is a different case," said Saroja, wishing she had not provided that opening to the maid.

"In these matters we are all the same ma," said Suguna, her hand briefly sliding under the hem of Saroja's petticoat. Saroja had on such afternoons in the past asked the maid to unclasp her bra or loosen the petticoat. Such requests had no intimate overtones. It was one more menial task for the maid to do.

That was on other days. Today, Suguna suggested she loosen the petticoat and without waiting for the okay from her mistress, she went ahead and undid the cord. The saree tucked into the petticoat came undone and was no longer properly wound around Saroja. 

Suguna pushed the petticoat over the curve of Saroja's hip and applied weight and pressure in the zone so that she did not send any overt sexual signal; even though her fingers had subtly started savoring the housewife's body.

"What matters?" asked Saroja.

"In sex. In men. In fucking," she said matter of factly, now focusing intently and only on the massage.

"Shush!" admonished Saroja.

"What ma! That is how it is! What is there to hide? What do you think my husband is interested in when he comes home, drunk or not?" she laughed.

"Does that mean you have to be so shameless about it" asked Saroja.

"What else shall I say," sighed Suguna. "It is not the first time and it is not the last time," she explained.

"First or last of what?" asked Saroja. The voyeur in her was wide awake. The pussy stirred at the thought of a series of young men wanting to lose their virginity and be animal.

"A man propositions me," she said. 

"But you can say no, isn't it?" asked Saroja.

"But we don't always want to say no!" said Suguna with a giggle. "Maybe it is the fish we eat!"

"Chee!" exclaimed Saroja the vegetarian.

"You didn't say no," exclaimed Suguna thinking that Saroja was referring to the sex.

"That was different," insisted Saroja.

"Hmm!" sighed Suguna. "These middle class housewives and their complex minds!" she thought to herself. 

"It is all the same flesh," she said aloud, her hand slipping to the curve of Saroja's tummy and stroking her. "And if it flesh it reacts the same way." Unthinkingly her hand slipped lower and her fingers brushed Saroja's pubic hair. Saroja caught her hand and exclaimed "Aye!"

But there was a softness to her grip. She was not pushing her away. Suguna rubbed her lower belly in large circles taking care not to venture into the vale between Saroja's legs.

Saroja was fairly unraveled now. She lay back enjoying the fingers stroking her.

"Only those women that have a problem with their husbands think like that," said Saroja.

"No!" replied Suguna.

"What? You have a perfectly happy life with him?" she asked.

"I don't know about perfect or happy. But if he fucked me the previous night then I have no need or stamina to oblige any of the young masters," she confessed with a candor typical of her social class in such matters. The surge in Saroja's pussy was immediate. "The man must be a bull," she thought. She squirmed as she thought of how far away she had sent the nephew and of how tame her own husband was. Her breasts felt unreasonably confined.

"Undo my bra," she said. 

Suguna proceeded to do just that, letting her fingers caress Saroja's back. She reached out for Saroja's midriff and pulled the wire brace hugging the curve of the breast loose. Saroja undid the last two buttons of the blouse. All of this was standard procedure between them; but for the brief caress today.

Today -- also -- as she leaned over Saroja to do what was needed, Saroja caught herself looking at Suguna's breasts. The mounds of chocolate colored flesh were squeezed into the blouse with on bra. That was usual. Today the pallo of her saree was not fully covering them. Today, the maid's nipples were full and turgid. 

Saroja looked up at Suguna taking her eyes off the breasts to see if she had been noticed. Suguna looked her mistress deep in the eye -- yes, she had been noticed gazing at those breasts.

"So you do oblige young masters and that is what you did with Sundar," said Saroja matter-of-factly.

"We," she said referring to her social class, "don't think that much. It was the thing to do at that moment. He was aroused and I was there. That's all. It might be different for you."

"Pure pleasure is it?" asked Saroja out of curiosity. She wiggled her hips tucking into her bed as Suguna's hands lazily stroked her hips and torso.

"Wasn't it for you?" countered Suguna, mischief in her voice. She once again strayed to her mistress's pubic hair. She lingered a little longer to see if there was any objection. There was not going to be any objection. Saroja had already become slick at the mental image of a series of young man doing the things she had seen Sundar do to Suguna. That slickness was several minutes ago. Several minutes later it now threatened to become a flow.

"I did it out of a sense of duty," said Saroja. There it was, out in the open. The maid had heard all the noises of aunt and nephew fucking. She had taken sneak peeks. 

"Maybe. But was there no pleasure?" asked Suguna softly remembering the moaning sounds she had heard from this very woman. Her fingers drifted even lower between the legs. She used the base of her palm to press down on the pubis. Saroja felt the pressure and she shivered with her first frisson of pleasure. At least Suguna had not invaded her with her fingers. Anything from massaging was okay. But no allowing that woman to touch her intimate parts... 

"It was just incidental," she whispered. Her body was fully relaxed now. She luxuriated in the drowsy yet aroused state. Had she been too hasty in sending off that boy? She could have done with more.

"But it was there!" proclaimed Suguna, with a mix of triumph and arousal and the change in the tone of the conversation.

"Keep quiet!" said Saroja rubbing her legs together and fidgeting. She was unconvincing in asking the maid to shut up. 

"No need to talk," said Suguna covering the Saroja's bare crotch with her entire hand. 

Saroja gasped and opened her eyes to look into Suguna's eyes. Before she could protest, Suguna slid her middle finger into the bubbling pit between Saroja's legs. She may have reacted if it felt like an invasion. Suguna's finger, though rough skinned, was hardly thick enough to make an impact on Saroja's gaping wide, soaking wet cunt.

And then she wiggled the finger, feeling the walls of Suguna's pussy. Saroja gripped Suguna's hand involuntarily. She was now lying on her back, one knee up and Suguna was kneeling beside her.

"Ayyo!" exclaimed Saroja. She felt the fever of desire soaring in her body. "Sugunaaah! I need a man dear." 

Suguna giggled nervously. She was in uncharted territory here. The lady would either be hers -- or she would lose her job. She slid in a second finger -- her forefinger and proceeded to gently fuck her mistress's cunt. Her other hand went to Saroja's forehead to try and soothe her.

With what her other hand was doing, soothing was not about to happen.

"It is not enough. I wish I had kept that boy," murmured Saroja, her hips moving rhythmically as she gave in to pleasure. 

"But that would not be duty. Any way Sir will be home in the evening, no?" said Suguna mischievously. She was playing mind games with Saroja. If fucking the boy was pleasure was not duty then her own guilt in the matter was reduced. By referring to Saroja's husband Arvind she was reminding her that such matters were to be pursued with the husband after all. But she also increased the vigor with which she fucked with her fingers to try and help the poor lady out.

The reference to duty and husband brought Saroja back to reality and she opened her eyes. She pushed away the arm she had been gripping and said, "Ok, that is enough." 

Suguna withdrew her fingers and asked, "What is enough? This?" and she held up her fingers smeared with Saroja's juices. 

"Or this?" she asked, this time ramming back her fingers up the open, spread wide cunt.

"Aaah!" hissed Saroja. She sucked in air through her teeth as pleasure seared her. But she needed something fuller, something more complete. Her pleasure gave way to despair as she felt the need for a full and proper fuck. The young man would have willingly stayed and willingly met her carnal needs. Was it a false sense of restraint that made her ask him to leave she wondered. And how she needed him now! And how far away she had sent him! The distance was more to do with changed circumstance than physical distance between the two houses.

Even as Suguna coaxed a physical frisson of pleasure from her, Saroja felt a sadness wash over her at these thoughts. There was a certain incongruity in the brief thrash of her hips and the tears that escaped the corner of her eyes. She stifled a sob. 

The difference between the sob and the frisson was not lost on Suguna. 

"Amma!" she whispered softly, lifting Saroja's head onto her lap and gently rocking her head. It had a dual effect of comforting her like a baby but also of helping her slide her fingers in and out rhythmically. The fingers were hopelessly wet and their effectiveness in pleasuring her diminished rapidly. Suguna shifted the focus to joining of the lips at the top of the pussy where she knew a zone of pleasure existed -- at least for herself.

She rubbed with rapid strokes there hoping to quickly discover the pleasure zone before the grief of separation overcame her mistress. She was successful as she felt Saroja go into a series of shudders.
