 "What the hell is this, soldier?"

"SIR, I don't know, SIR!"

I was braced up at full attention beside my bunk during our weekly unannounced inspection. We were in our third week of basic training in the U.S. Army. They were trying to teach us green civilians how to be soldiers. It had been a rough three weeks.

The rest of my squad was also standing at attention beside their own bunks, staring straight ahead, almost afraid to breathe. There were 14 of us now - Jimmy Baxter couldn't handle it and had left last week. To fail an inspection meant a lot of hard running and calisthenics both for the individual soldier and the squad. No one wanted to fail and end up like Jimmy.

Everything had to be perfect to pass these inspections. Each of our bunks was the precise distance from the wall at an exact right angle. The blankets on the bunks were made so tightly a quarter would bounce off them. Our boots were spit polished to a high sheen with no evidence of the dirt and mud we had tramped through the previous day. Our uniforms were hung precisely according to the rules. The uniforms we were wearing were starched and impeccable. Our personal drawer at the bottom of our closet displaying our personal and toiletry items had to be neat and perfectly clean.

Our inspectors were 1st Lt. Gerald Hinton and 2nd Lt. Sherry Lindel. Lt. Hinton was in command of all the male squads in the platoon; Lt. Lindel commanded the female squads. In this day of the current army, both men and women went through basic training together. We even had dorms in the same building. Our dorm rooms were separate, of course, and whenever they were occupied, a regular soldier was seated at a desk right inside the door as a dorm guard, preventing anyone from coming or going when they weren't supposed to.

Lt. Hinton was kneeling down looking into my personal drawer. Lt. Lindel was standing in front of me, looking at me and holding a clipboard. Although she held the clipboard in front of her, you could tell she had nice tits. But I dared not look at her - I was staring right through her. Either of them could write me up for any infraction at any time. Lt. Hinton had obviously found something he didn't like in my personal drawer.

"What the hell is this, soldier?" He asked, not yet yelling - we were yelled at a lot - but loud enough for the whole room to hear. I'm sure there were unseen grimaces from each of the other squad members - "Pvt. Randin fucked up and that means hell for all of us."

"SIR, I don't know, SIR!" I replied holding my rigid pose and staring straight ahead.

"Look at this, Sherry," he spoke to Lt. Lindel.

She looked over into my personal drawer and I could hear an audible gasp from her.

"Not good," she said with obvious contempt.

I was getting nervous. What the hell could he have found? Like everyone else, I had spent hours cleaning, polishing, and placing each item exactly where it was supposed to be. What had I missed?

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Lt. Hinton reach into my personal drawer and slowly pick something up. He stood up and held it two inches in front of my eyes.

"Now, do you know what the hell this is?" he asked loudly with his face two inches to the side of mine. Intimidation was one of the techniques used to "mold" us into soldiers. Both Hinton and Lindel were good at it.

"SIR, yes, SIR!" I was still staring straight ahead.

"Well, what is it, Pvt. Randin?" He was almost yelling now, but not as loud as he was about to get.

"SIR, it's a bar of soap, SIR!"

"I know it's a bar of soap, private. What is on the bar of soap?"

I gulped and refocused my eyes to the bar of soap two inches in front of my face. I saw something.

"SIR, it looks like a hair, SIR!"

"It LOOKS like a hair?"

"SIR, it's a hair, SIR!"

"What is your god damn hair doing on this god damn bar of soap?" Almost yelling now.

"SIR, it's not my hair, SIR!"

That stopped him for a second as he thought about my answer.

"Well, whose god damn hair is it, Pvt. Randin?" His voice had lowered and I could feel his breath and some of his spittle on my cheek.

I knew then I had to come clean. I thought we were going to get away with it, but one damn hair...

"SIR, permission to speak freely, SIR?"

"You'd better speak freely, private, and it'd better be good." Even louder now.

"SIR, it's a pussy hair, SIR!" I knew then that they were going to know the entire story.

"What did you say, Pvt. Randin?" This time, a slightly lowered voice, but now almost against my ear.

"SIR, I said it's a pussy hair, SIR!"

Gazing past the bar of soap Hinton was still holding in front of my face, I could see the color rise in Lt. Lindel's face.

Lt. Hinton glanced at Lt. Lindel, cleared his throat and asked, "How did a pussy hair get on YOUR soap, private?"

"SIR, it's from the girls, SIR!"

"Girls were using your soap?" He couldn't believe my answer.

"SIR, yes, SIR!"

He looked at Lt. Lindel. "I'm finding this hard to believe." She nodded.

"When were girls using your soap, private?"

"SIR, last night in the shower, SIR!"

"Are you telling me there were girls in your shower bay last night?" he asked incredulously.

"SIR, yes, SIR!"

When he heard that, he yelled, "SON OF A BITCH!" and threw the bar of soap as hard as he could toward the end of the room. We heard it crunch against the wall and break into a thousand pieces.

I swallowed hard, then inwardly grinned, thinking that no matter what kind of hell we had to pay; last night was surely fucking worth it.

Lt. Hinton was really pissed! Something like this just wasn't supposed to happen under his command. He could see his promising career disappear right before his eyes if what he was hearing ever got out.

He was huffing and puffing, his face was red, and his fists were clenched at his side. After a minute, he and Lt. Lindel stepped into the aisle between the two rows of bunks and whispered to each other. Then Hinton yelled, "Squad! Form up!"

Instantly we all scrambled to the center of the room and formed two straight lines, two deep and stood at attention. I was in the middle of the first row. Lt. Lindel stood at the end of the formation while Lt. Hinton slowly walked back and forth in front of us. He stopped right in front of me.

He spoke very deliberately and very forcefully, "Pvt. Randin, you will tell me exactly what happened last night. You will answer all my questions. You will speak the truth. If you as much as think about lying, I'll string you from the flagpole by your fingernails. Do you under -"

Lt. Lindel stepped up to Hinton and whispered something to him. Then she went back to the side of the formation.

Lt. Hinton continued, "Never mind about the flagpole. Do you understand me, Pvt. Randin?"

"SIR, yes, SIR!" I didn't speak quite as loudly as usual since he was standing right in front of me and everybody in the room could hear anyway.

Then he started.

"What girls were in your shower last night? And stop with the SIR."

"SIR, yes, SIR! I mean yes, sir."

"Answer my question, Pvt. Randin."

"SIR, girls from Baker squad."

"You mean the soldiers on this floor at the other end of the hall?"

"Yes, sir. Those girls."

Lt. Hinton looked over at Lt. Lindel and she just shrugged her shoulders like, "I don't know."

"Who was on dorm guard duty last night, Pvt. Randin?"

"Corp. Crandall, I believe, sir."

"How did these "girls" get by Corp. Crandall?"

"Permission to speak freely, sir?"

"Yes, go ahead, Randin."

"One of the girls gave him a blow job, sir."

There was silence. Then, "What did you say, Randin?"

"Sir, one of the girls sucked his cock and he let them in."

"Randin, I thought I told you you'd be in deep shit if you lied to me."

"Yes, sir. There was a knock on the door and Corp. Crandall got up and went over to the door and opened it a little and talked to somebody. Pretty soon one girl came in and they went over to Corp. Crandall's desk. He sat down in his chair and she got on her knees in front of him and you could tell she was opening his pants. She leaned in with her head and pretty soon there were slurping sounds and her head was bobbing up and down. After a while he grabbed her head with both hands and pulled her head against him. There was a loud groan and Corp. Crandall bucked up a couple of times and started saying, "Fuck, fuck, fuck." Then he let go of her head and she got up. He motioned over to the door and she went over and opened it. That's when the girls came in."

Lt. Hinton was standing there with a blank look on his face like he still couldn't believe what he was hearing. The red was gone from Lt. Lindel's face and she was looking interested.

Lt. Lindel came over and asked me, "Private, was she wearing her uniform?"

"No, ma'am. She just had her bra on top and some sort of shorts on."

"How big was Corp. Crandall's -"

"Sherry!" Lt. Hinton interrupted. "For god's sakes!"

"Never mind, private," she said, but remained standing in front of me next to Lt. Hinton.

Lt. Hinton asked, "Where was the squad while the girl was, you know, while she was, ah..."

"While she was blowing him?" Lt. Lindel finished his question.

Lt. Hinton looked at her like he couldn't believe she was so direct. She just glanced at him then looked back at me and asked, "Well, where were you?"

"Well, ma'am, when we heard the knock on the door, we all dropped what we were doing and hurried to where we could see. We were all standing between the dorm room and the entrance to the latrine. Probably 20 feet from Corp. Crandall's desk."

"And you saw this female soldier give Corp. Crandall a blow job?" Lt. Lindel continued.

"Yes, ma'am. It looked like she knew what she was doing. She kind of pushed him down into his chair and dropped to her knees all in one motion. We couldn't see exactly what she was doing, but Corp. Crandall rolled his eyes and looked up to the ceiling as soon as she latched on to his cock. I mean, she probably was sucking it because the slurping noises started right off and her head was moving up and down." I paused.

"And one more thing, ma'am."

"Yes, Pvt. Randin?"

"Well, Corp. Crandall, he had a big smile on his face."

When she heard this, Lt. Lindel licked her lips and smiled a little smile of her own.

Lt. Hinton cleared his throat and said, "Ah...Lt. Lindel, I'll take over now and get to the bottom of this."

"How many girls came into the dorm room when the door was opened, private?"

"Ah...there were seven altogether, sir. Turned out there were two men for each girl."

He looked at Lt. Lindel, "Oh, my god this is bad." He was starting to sweat.

"What happened then, private?" he asked me.

"Permission to speak freely, sir?"

"Yeah, yeah. Go ahead, Randin." You could tell Lt. Hinton didn't want to hear what he was about to hear.

"Well, sir, the girls were all dressed the same. I mean, they just had their bras on and some kind of shorts. We couldn't believe it. We've been here for three weeks and we've been so busy training that we couldn't even think about pussy. And here were these girls with their shirts off right in our dorm! I'm sure we all thought we'd died and gone to heaven!" I paused again.

Lt. Hinton looked at Lt. Lindel. She had an intense look, like she didn't want to miss any words.

Lt. Hinton looked back at me and said tentatively, "Go ahead."

"Okay. We came together and introduced each other and talked about what they were doing."

"What were they doing, private?" Lt. Lindel asked.

"They said they had been here for three weeks and were getting lonely for some cock."

Lt. Lindel swallowed and asked, "They actually said that?"

"Yes, ma'am. After a while we kind of paired off, two men with one girl, and each group kind of went to separate places in the dorm."

"You mean you took the girls to your bunks?"

"Yes, ma'am, that's what happened. We all started kissing, you know, making out and pretty soon all the bras were off and the girls' tits were getting some pretty good attention from us guys!"

"Shall I continue to speak freely, ma'am?"

"By all means, private. With all the details."

Lt. Hinton looked at her with a "What are you doing?" look. She ignored him.

"Yes, ma'am. The girls sure liked getting their tits felt up and their nipples sucked. It was two on one, you know. There was a lot of moaning and groaning, and girls saying, "Yes, yes, yes." We are all pretty horny, that's for sure, and it wasn't long before most of the girls were all naked and the guys started taking their own clothes off, too. After three weeks there were some pretty hard cocks around. And those girls sure were anxious for some cock! And each of them had two! One for each hand! Pretty soon somebody yelled, "Let's take a shower!" The girls squealed and jumped up and headed for the shower bay. Us guys stripped off the rest of our clothes, grabbed our soap from our drawer..."

I looked at Lt. Hinton. He had a glazed look at what he was hearing.

"We got our soap and followed the girls right into the showers. They already had the water on and were squealing and laughing and giggling and splashing. We went right in and started hugging and touching and kissing under the spray. Two on one, you know."

I looked at Lt. Lindel. She was slowly rubbing her chest with her clipboard and looking at me with anticipation of what I was going to say next.

I continued.

"Well, it was a lot of fun then. We were kissing and feeling the girls up. Their hands were all over us, rubbing our chests and backs and grabbing at our cocks. We soaped those girls up good and with suds all over them, our hands were all over their slippery tits and their backs and their butts. My hands sliding over those nice tits and nipples really felt good."

Lt. Lindel's mouth was slightly open and her breathing had increased. Her chest was moving up and down under that clipboard.

"We soaped them up real good. We didn't neglect those pussies, either. No sirree! Each of us guys made sure that those pussies had a lot of attention. We soaped between their legs and rubbed our soapy hands from their asses to their clits over and over again. Those girls loved it with one guy rubbing her tits and another rubbing her pussy. The squealing and laughing had mostly turned to moaning and groaning."

"Then those girls washed each of us. I don't mind saying that some of the guys shot their load right there in the shower. Most of the girls took it on their tits and washed it off under the water."

"Pretty soon we all rinsed off - still touching and kissing, mind you - and turned off the water. We dried each other off with clean towels. Those firm tits really felt nice under that soft towel! The girls made sure that our cocks and balls were dry. Then we all gravitated toward our bunks. We were kissing and sucking and rubbing and grabbing, both the girls and the guys."

Lt. Lindel had taken over the questioning.

"I'm almost afraid to ask what happened next," she said under her breath.

She looked right at me. "What happened next, private?" she asked in a husky voice.

"Permission to speak freely, ma'am?"

"Go ahead, private."

"We fucked. All those pussies were so wet and ready and our cocks were hard as steel. We fucked. When the first guy started fucking our girl, it wasn't long before she was hollering and bucking and coming. Then he would come hard. Sometimes she was bouncing around so much that his cock would come out and cum would spurt all over her belly or her back. As soon as she had calmed down a little, the other guy would fuck her. Some girls wouldn't come again that soon, but it wouldn't take long for the second guy to come, mostly deep in her cunt. Most of the girls wanted some more, so they sucked our cocks and played with our balls until we were hard again. That didn't take too long for most of us! As soon as we were hard, they had us fuck them again and again."

"There was just a lot of fucking going on. Then kind of like there was some signal, things quieted down. We were all pretty well spent, but there were smiles all around! The girls got up, found their clothes, and got dressed. Then each of them kissed each of their guys on the lips and on their cock. They said "Thanks for a good time." and they all left."

"We were so amazed that we just stood around for a while. Pretty soon we started talking about what had happened - you know, like guys always do. Then somebody said "We gotta clean up. There might be an inspection tomorrow!" So we got to work getting ready for a possible inspection. I guess we probably didn't pass, but I think we all would say that we wouldn't have missed last night for anything."

"And, Lt. Lindel?"

"Yes, private?"

"Don't be too hard on the girls. They're just girls and girls like to fuck, I mean, girls like sex just as much as us guys, you know. Now that we've got it out of our system, it probably won't happen again."

"Don't tell me how to take care of my soldiers, private!" she said.

"Yes, ma'am. I just thought -"

"Quiet, private!"

"Yes, ma'am"

"Lt. Hinton and I will consult on the appropriate punishment for each squad. It goes without saying that your actions and the actions of my squad are against all the rules. You will know our decision soon enough."

"Yes, ma'am"

She looked at Lt. Hinton. He was still in a state of shock. "Gerald, we need to go to your office and discuss this serious misbehavior. You can dismiss the squad now."

"Ah...sure...ah, squad dismissed," he said somewhat meekly.

He and Lt. Lindel left.

*****

"Well, what do you think of that, Gerald?" Lt. Lindel asked as they walked to his office.

"A...I...ah, I don't know," he answered still confused.

"Well, I know. Let's hurry up and get to your office."

When they got to the office, he unlocked the door and they both went inside.

She grabbed him and slammed him against the wall, pushing herself against him.

"That made me so hot! That mental picture of the shower bay with the water running and the stiff cocks and the soapy tits just makes me so hot!" She kissed him.

"Ah... Sherry! We can't do this! We're officers! We -"

"The fuck we can't!" she interrupted and kissed him again, shoving her tongue into his mouth.

She pulled her shirt apart and pulled her bra up over her tits.

"Here! Kiss my tits! Hurry!"

She pulled his head down to her tits and he involuntarily kissed her tits.

"Oh, god! Yes, yes! Suck them! Bite them!"

She was a woman on a mission! She reached down to his crotch and grabbed his cock through his pants.

"Oh, Sherry! Oh, my god!" he moaned through his bites, his kisses, and his slobber.

She fumbled with his pants, unbuckling his belt, and working on his buttons.

"Here, let me," he said and he unbuttoned his military pants, and pulled his pants and boxers down to his knees.

She was immediately on his cock with both hands.

"Oh, Gerald! That feels so nice! I've got to have it - right now!"

She stepped back, pulled her skirt up to her waist, and pulled her panties off. Gerald's eyes went big as he stared at her shaved pussy.

"Quick! Fuck me! Fuck me right now!" she demanded and she turned around and bent over his office desk with her legs spread.

Gerald was too slow to react.

"Gerald, god damnit! Get over her and stick your big cock in my pussy! I need it so bad! Right now!"

Gerald shuffled over, put his hands on her hips, and pushed his cock into her wet and ready cunt.

"Oh, my god, Sherry!"

"Oh, yeah! Fuck! Now fuck me! Fuck me hard!" she ordered.

He started fucking her, first slowly and then picking up the pace. Pretty soon, he was grunting with each thrust, "Uh...uh...uh..."

"Yes! Oh, god! Yes!" as she pushed back to meet his cock as it slammed into her.

"More! Yes! That's it! That's it! I'm going to come! Keep fucking me! Don't stop! Don't fucking stop!"
