 Emma Clark was a very popular and champion gymnast who had won plenty of championships. For the last six years, she had trained four times a week, her body was perfect for doing gymnastics, she was five foot two inches tall with a very slim frame and lovely small A-cup breasts. Her long brown hair was always tied up in a ponytail and would swing around as she did the cartwheels and jumps.

Two days after her eighteenth birthday, she had no idea her whole world was about to come crashing down. It was the end of the day and she had just finished training and was still in her leotards when the head instructor Mr. Jones called her into his office and asked her to sit down.

"Emma, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you," said Mr. Jones.

"What's... wrong Mr. Jones?" Emma stammered.

"Emma please call me Steven, You have done nothing wrong... it's just now that you have turned eighteen you can't train at the club anymore," replied Steven.

Emma knew that she was one of the oldest gymnasts at the club but didn't see that as a problem. She sat there stunned and in shock letting what the head instructor had just told her sink in for a few minutes before asking with tears in her eyes, "You don't want me to come to the club anymore?"

"The top gymnasts are all a lot younger these days, plus your not competing as much as you used too... and the club's insurance doesn't cover you now," Steven explained.

"There aren't any other gymnastic clubs that are close, that I can train at," Emma bawled.

"I'm sorry but there is nothing I can do," said Steven.

"Isn't there any way I can stay, I'm willing to do anything?" pleaded Emma.

"I'm sorry but the decision has been made by the other instructors," he replied to a crying Emma.

"Isn't there anything I can do... I will do anything to change your mind?" Emma begged.

As Steven sits there staring at her, Emma feels his eyes undressing her, she knows that look from seeing plenty of other men and some women looking at her in the same way.

"There may be one way you can stay at the club," grins Steven.

"How, what do I have to do... I will do anything?" replied Emma.

Steven steps out from the back of his desks and moves over and sits down beside Emma and places his hand on her knee and said, "You have plenty of experience and could be an assistant instructor and you would be paid a wage."

"Yes, I would love to do that," Emma excitedly replied.

"There is just one other thing that you would need to do to convince the other instructors to let you work with them," grinned Steven.

"I will do anything to stay at the club, how can I convince the other instructors," replied Emma.

"Are you sure you're willing to do anything the instructors ask you to do?" Steven asked as his hand rubs the inside of her thigh.

Emma clamped her legs together catching Steven's hand from going any further up to her inside thigh.

"If your not interested that's okay... just clean out your locker," Steven blurts.

"I want to stay here, please," Emma pleads and then opens her legs.

Steven slides his hand up and down the inside of her thigh and said, "You are a very beautiful young woman and the club could use someone with your experience."

Emma lets out a gasp as she feels the head instructor's fingers brush over her leotard covered cunt.

Steven smiles when Emma doesn't protest and asked, "Emma are you a virgin?"

Emma blushed and blurts, "No I'm not... what does my sex life have to do with the club?"

"There are a lot of very sexy young girls training at the club... and sometimes the instructors get, well let's say they get frustrated and need some relief," Steven explains as he continued to rub her cunt.

"What are you asking me to do?" asked Emma as she lifts his hand away from her covered cunt.

"If you would give sexual relief to the instructors, that would be great and I'm sure they would let you stay at the club," chuckled Steven as he placed his hand back on her thigh.

"You want me to have sex with the other instructors? fumed Emma.

She sat there in shock and in disbelief at being asked to have sex with the staff, she was no stranger to having sex with others her age but the instructors were much older.

"You would be paid a wage and be employed by the club... and could train as much as you want," replied Steven as he ran his hand over her leotard covered cunt.

"How much would I be paid?" Emma curiously asked,

"You would be paid by the hour, the more you worked the more money you would be paid... plus you would be paid a bonus," Steven replied as his fingers ran over her cunt.

Emma sat there in silence as Steven continued rubbing her leotard covered cunt thinking on what she should do, there was a competition coming up that she wanted to compete in and she asked, "Can I still compete in competitions?"

"Yes, If that's what you want," replied Steven as he pressed his finger over the camel toe that was beginning to form in her leotard.

Steven could see and feel that Emma was becoming excited, there was a small wet patch beginning to form on her leotard and her nipples were becoming more prominent and obvious. When Steven cupped her breast in the palm of his hand and gave her breast a squeeze, Emma mumbled, "Okay, I will do whatever you want."

"That's wonderful," Steven replied as he pulls down the zipper on the back of her leotard.

He then slipped his hands under the top of her leotard and cupped both breasts and tweaked each of her nipples with his thumb and forefinger making Emma let out a soft moan.

"Why don't you remove your leotard and I will find you a staff uniform for you to wear," chuckled Steven.

Emma stood up and slipped her leotard down her body, exposing her small breasts to Steven for the very first time. After slipping her leotard down to around her ankles, Emma stepped out of them and stood back up and stood there naked in front of Stevens lustful gaze. 

When Steven grinned at her and handed her a top and a pair of shorts from behind his desk, Emma realized that the head instructor had planned for her to accept his conditions.

As she was about to pull on the shorts, Steven blurted, "Wait, let me get a good look at you before you get dressed."

Emma stood there with the shorts and pants in her hand as Steven stared at her naked body, after 

staring at her freshly shaven cunt for a couple of minutes he moved closer to her and started running his hands over her body. After giving each bare breast a squeeze he ran his hands between Emma's legs and over her shaven wet cunt.

Steven chuckled, "Oh, Emma your cunt is already wet."

Emma blushed at what he had said, how could she tell him that her cunt was wet because she was enjoying him staring at her naked body. Then when Steven pushed a finger deep into wet cunt and gave his finger a few pumps, Emma squealed and started moaning as her body shuddered and she reached out to hold onto his shoulders to steady herself and stop from collapsing.

Steven backed Emma up to his desk and lifted her up onto the edge of his desk and blurted, "Spread your legs and let me get a good look at your cunt."

Emma did as requested letting him stare at her soaking wet cunt when she saw him dropping his pants and underwear down around his ankles and his large cock pointing straight at her, she gasped at knowing what was about to happen. Steven moved closer and after rubbing his cock up and down her cunt coating his cock with her juices he pushed his cock all the way into her tight wet cunt.

When Steven started pumping his cock in and out of her cunt, Emma closed her eyes and moaned, "Yes, fuck me, oh fuck your cock feels so good."

Steven started to accelerate the ferocity of his thrusts and was soon slamming his cock in and out of the young gymnast's cunt. He was amazed at how tight her cunt was and how good it felt to finally be able to fuck her. Emma was panting for breath and her body shuddered as she had an orgasm, she would hate to admit to Steven that she was enjoying being fucked by him.

But she couldn't stop herself from screaming, "I'm coming, you have made me cum."

A few minutes later it was Steven's turn to cum, he pulled Emma onto his cock and held her there as his cock shot multiple loads of his hot cum into her cunt. She closes her eyes and moaned as she felt her cunt being filled with cum, her breasts rose and fell with each deep breath she took.

"Oh fuck that felt good, I've never cum so much before," moaned Emma.

What Emma didn't know was there had been another instructor come into the office and he had undressed and was waiting for his chance to fuck his former sexy student. As soon as Steven pulled his limp cock out of her cum filled cunt, when Emma felt a smaller cock being shoved into her cunt, her eyes flew open to see who was now fucking her, she recognized the smiling instructor as Mr. Bill Barry the same instructor who was always staring at her when she worked out.

When Emma's head was tilted backward and a wet limp cock was rubbed over her face, she looked up to see it was Steven's cock.

"Suck my cock and make it hard again," blurted Steven.

Emma opened her mouth and let Steven push his soft wet cock into her mouth and started sucking on his cock as her cunt was being pounded by Mr. Barry. Here she was having her very first threesome, something one of her ex-boyfriends had wanted her to do, she never imagined her first threesome would be with two older men who were her instructors.

When Mr. Barry slammed his cock deep into her cunt and held her onto his cock, Emma felt the instructor's cock squirting his cum inside her cunt. After Mr. Barry had finished and pulled his soft cock out of her he sat down to watch the head instructor fucking Emma's face. Stevens cock was becoming harder with each pump of his cock into Emma's mouth. 

When he felt his cock getting ready to explode Steven pulled his cock out of Emma's mouth and before she knew what was happening he shot his cum all over her face and then used his cock to push the cum from her face into her mouth.

"Why did you do that for," screamed Emma.

Steven chuckled, "I wanted to see how you looked with your face covered in cum."

"You look so fucking hot Emma and I can't wait for my cock to become hard so I can cum over your face," chuckled Mr. Barry.

This was all a new experience to Emma, she had never been fucked like this before and she was still trying to grasp and understand why she had agreed to be a slut for the club. As she laid on the table with her face covered with cum she started thinking about her dream of starting her own gymnastics club after she had retired from competition. So if she had to accept being fucked by the club instructors to achieve her dream she would let them all fuck her and treat her like a whore.

After Steven had fucked her again and she had sucked Mr. Barry's cock and swallowed all of his cum, Emma began to climb off the desk, Steven said, "Where do you think you're going, we're not finished with you yet."

"I have to have a shower and go home or my father will worry about me," blurted Emma,

Steven knew Emma's father he was very strict with her and always wanted to know where she was and what she was doing.

"Okay go have a shower and go home... We expect to see you here tomorrow afternoon to help the instructors," blurted Steven.

Emma picked up her leotard along with her shorts and top that she had been given to wear as an instructor, into the change room and after having a shower she changed into her other clothes and left to go home.