 I got home early and decided to go to the gym as I needed a good workout. That was one of the good things about this building. The gym was on the top floor so I slipped on a pair of track pants, tee shirt and sneakers and took the elevator upstairs. I worked the bar bells and then jogged on the indoor track for about an hour before heading for the showers. I undressed and left my things in the locker and, as I turned to head for the shower, I noticed a guy close a locker opposite me and as he turned to walk to the showers, I caught a glimpse of what looked like a very substantial organ hanging between his legs. I followed him into the shower and selected one right next to him and, as I was showering, I checked his equipment and found it to be fantastic. It was quite thick, about 7 inches when soft with a beautiful sculpted crown that just invited sucking. 

As I shifted my gaze from his beautiful penis, I saw that he was looking at me and saw me looking at his cock. He must have seen the lust in my eyes because he started a conversation while showering and asked if I lived in the building. When I told him, he said that he and his wife had just moved into the building a week ago and didn't really know anyone yet. We talked about our work, backgrounds, etc. and were getting waterlogged in the shower so we toweled dry and went back to our lockers as we talked. Our conversation flowed smoothly and he asked if I would like to come back to his apartment to continue our talk as soon as we got dressed and I accepted immediately with thoughts, of the remote possibility that I might get my lips around that gorgeous cockhead, dancing in my mind. 

John was on the 31st floor in the same wing as I was in on the 33rd floor so our apartments would be the same layout. He opened the door and showed me into a very airy, well designed room in contemporary style and sat me down on the couch and brought over some cold drinks, which we needed badly after the workouts. We had been discussing the Iraq situation, especially since we found out that he was with the Army in the Persian Gulf War when I was with the Marines at the other end of the country. At any rate, we talked for quite a while before he grew quiet and then quietly asked if he was right in assuming that I was captivated by the sight of his cock in the shower. I told him that I personally thought his penis was gorgeous and that I would love the opportunity to show him just what I thought of it. He smiled and stood up in front of me and slid the zipper of his slacks down as he reached in and withdrew that magnificent penis along with a beautiful set of full, tight balls and let them hang there right in front of my face. 

I was mesmerized by his thickness and length and when I saw his flaring crown, I leaned forward to kiss it and lick off a drop of precum that oozed out. As soon as my tongue touched his cock, I knew I was going to enjoy every minute of this session and I began to orally worship his fabulous organ, which was at full erection. I licked it from the base up the shaft and around it as I worked my way up to his sexy crown. I found another drop of precum waiting for me when I got there and caught it on my tongue just before it dropped off. I loved the flavor of his precum and looked forward to drinking his cum so I started working my mouth around his organ when he suddenly asked if we could stop for a moment so we could continue naked and in bed rather than standing in the living room. We tore off our clothes and he led me to the bedroom where he lay down on the bed on his back with that fantastic, thick penis standing straight up. 

I got on the bed on top of him in a 69 position and, as I fed him my cock, I took his irresistible cockhead between my lips and began nursing on it as I rubbed his balls and fingered his ass. He was deep throating me and doing fantastic things to my cock while he played with my balls and asshole also. We took off into another world as we gave each other pleasure and I never wanted the moment to end. I could enjoy this feeling for all eternity. We hungrily sucked each other's organs and suddenly I felt my orgasm building and my penis swelled in his mouth and I started to pump gobs of cum, in spasm after spasm, which he greedily gulped down. When I shot my second load, he exploded in my mouth and I tasted his cum which was slightly salty but absolutely delicious and I greedily sucked on his organ as he shot jets of hot cum for me to drink. 

The two of us were lost in pleasure and kept sucking each other long after our orgasms had passed. Suddenly there was applause in the room and we both jumped up surprised. There was a very good looking busty, blonde standing in the doorway, clapping her hands and smiling as she told us what a great performance she just witnessed. John introduced me to his wife Carol and told her that we just met a few minutes ago in the gym and here we are. She told us not to stop as she wanted to talk with us and watch us for a while as she was getting very turned on. John and I lay back on the pillows and idly played with each other's cocks as we talked with Carol. I noticed her eyes were fastened on my cock as John played with it and it was a real turn on having her there with us while we had sex. Soon our cocks were fully erect and Carol had raised her skirt and removed her panties and was fingering her pussy as her eyes went from my organ to his and back. 

We stroked each other sensuously, running our fingers all around our shafts and over the head and down to our balls. Carol watched with glazed eyes and two fingers in her cunt and then jumped to her feet and stripped off her clothes as she stood in front of us and demanded that we double fuck her immediately as she needed both of her holes filled with cock. 

She asked me to lay down on my back and straddled me as she reached for my thick erection and fit the tip to her wet opening. Then she lowered herself on my hard penis gasping in pleasure as each inch filled her cunt. When she had all she could take, John fit the head of his beautiful cock to her anus and rubbed some of his precum all over it just before pushing the crown inside as his wife moaned in ecstasy from the sensations both thick cocks were giving her. I felt John's thickness invading Carol's passage through the thin membrane between her holes and the feel of his cock rubbing against mine on the other side of her wall was driving me wild. It was like being masturbated while fucking her pussy and I took off on a pleasure high as I looked into Carol's eyes and saw the passion and pleasure reflected there as she and I locked eyes while we experienced the fabulous sensations we were giving each other. 

Suddenly, I saw her eyes glaze over and her expression became one of total lust as she whimpered and bore down on my pole and I felt her cunt contract around my shaft as she wet my penis with her orgasmic juices. Both John and I held our cocks still inside her until she slowly came back down to earth. The moment she came back to reality and felt our organs inside her, she started to move around on them and we were off on another beautiful high until Carol suggested that John fuck her while I fuck him because she loves to look into his eyes when he's got a nice cock inside him. She took my place on the bed and John lifted her legs back and teased her with the head of his cock for a moment before pushing the swollen head inside. I waited until he was buried deep inside her and then came up behind him and ran my erection up and down his ass crack as I wet his hole with precum before pushing the crown inside to his moan of pleasure. 

His asshole was nice and tight and gripped my thick shaft like a vise as I sawed back and forth in his delightful hole and listened to his moans and gasps as Carol described to me the expressions on his face as I fucked him. Then John started describing the sensations he was experiencing with his cock moving in and out of his wife's sweet cunt while my thickness was filling his ass and driving him wild. I told him how wonderful his asshole felt around my cock and that I was going to fill him up with my cum very soon now. He told me that he was close also and asked if we could try and cum together. I told him that I was just about to let go and he cried out that he was ready also as my penis exploded in jet after jet of hot cum. I felt his body tense and heard his groan as he let go his load into his wife's hungry pussy. I felt his spasms because his ass contracted around my shaft each time he spurted a load of cum into her. 

After his second load, I heard Carol gasp that she was cumming again and watched her lock her body tightly against John as she shuddered in orgasm. We stayed locked together for some time after coming down from our highs and slowly separated to lay back and relax. 

John got us some cold drinks and we sat on the bed to relax. I asked them how long they were married and they told me ten years. John went further and told me that he had met Carol in Las Vegas on a vacation and they were married 6 months later. Since they both had very high libidos and were both bisexual, they decided to try an open marriage and continue their sexual adventures except from that time on, they were in it together. They always include each other in their sexual activities and have been enjoying a very happy and satisfying marriage up to the present. He told me that each of them gets very turned on by watching the other have sex with either gender and then Carol told us that she was caught unawares when she walked in on us before, as it was totally unexpected, and she was completely overcome by the fabulous scene of the two of us voraciously sucking each other's cocks. 

They told me that they had just moved to the city from Fresno, CA where they had a fairly large group of friends who got together on a regular basis for sex parties. Now, he said, they only have me and might have to keep me pretty busy until they meet some others. 

I told them that I would be bringing in a ringer to help me and when they looked at me quizzically, told them that my wife would break my arm if I didn't introduce her to them. I told them that we have the same type of relationship they have and that Shoko probably has a higher libido than all of us. I told them that she had to stay a little later tonight to finish up some work but should be home soon so I'll give her a call as I know she would love to join us. Carol asked if we knew any other couples or singles that enjoyed group sex and I told her that we have a small circle of people, mostly couples, with whom we party fairly often. I also told them that Shoko occasionally loves to go out and bring back a gal or guy for us to play with and I never know what or who she's going to bring back. Thus far, he told them he has no complaints since they both seem to have the same taste sexually and everyone she brought home was OK with him. 

John said that Carol loves to do that also and one time brought home a guy who it turned out had a cock that was 5 inches in diameter! It was only about 6 inches long but looked like a fireplug. He said it was very interesting trying to suck it and he couldn't believe the sight of that massive battering ram entering Carol's pussy. She couldn't take much more than the crown inside but had a hell of a good time riding it anyway. 

I called Shoko on my cell and she picked up on the second ring. I told her that I just met a wonderful couple who loves the same things we do and lives in the building. I gave her the apartment number and she said she'd come right up. A few minutes later the doorbell rang and Carol slipped on a robe and went to answer it. Carol and Shoko introduced themselves at the door and then she brought her into the master bedroom. Shoko stopped dead in her tracks when she saw John and I laying back against the pillows playing with each other's organs. Carol walked by and slipped off her robe and got into bed with us suggesting that Shoko join us. Shoko's eyes were focused on one cock and then the other and she told us that she was getting very turned on. Carol got off the bed and walked behind her and pressed her naked body against my wife as she played with her erect nipples through the dress. 

Then she helped Shoko undress and both were remarking how gorgeous my beautiful, Japanese wife is, as more and more of her body was exposed to their admiring eyes. When she turned and walked towards the bed, all eyes were on her and were probing her face with her sexy sloe eyes and her breasts which were large and full with huge nipples that were almost ¾" long. She had a small patch of closely trimmed black pubic hair just above her labia, which were full and disappeared between her thighs. Carol ran her hands over my wife's ass and mentioned that it was absolutely gorgeous and then asked her if she could orally worship it while Shoko was otherwise occupied. In answer, Shoko got up on the bed on her hands and knees, offering Carol her ass as she bent her head and started licking John's thick erection. Just before taking the swollen crown between her lips, she asked me to feed John my cock to suck so she could watch us as she sucked him. 

I put my knees on either side of his head and lowered my crotch until my balls were resting on his face and he opened his mouth and started sucking them. Then I fed him my thick cockhead to suck and watched Shoko working on his erection as he sent me off into another world with his talented mouth. Shoko lifted her head every once in a while to encourage Carol and tell her to continue what she was doing as it felt wonderful and then went back to sucking John's massive penis. Her eyes were locked on John's mouth as he sucked my organ and every once in a while she would look up at me and smile with her mouth around his cock to show me how much she was enjoying the scene. After some time, Carol lifted her head from between Shoko's thighs and asked her if she likes being double fucked. 

My wife stopped sucking John's penis long enough to tell her that it was one of her favorite things and Carol suggested that she have it right now since she just had it a short while ago before Shoko arrived. 

Shoko lifted her head from John's crotch and asked him if he would like to fuck her in the ass while I fucked her pussy and John pulled his mouth from my erection and told her he would be delighted. I lay down on my back and Shoko sat down on my penis and fit the tip to her cunt as she slowly sank down on it and sighed as it started to fill her hole. When she worked the organ deep inside her hole, she lay down and her beautiful breasts were mashed against my chest as she told John she was ready for him. John came up behind her and rubbed his precum on her anus before pushing the crown inside. She was looking into my eyes as his cock filled her ass and I saw the passion and lust reflected there as she told him to drive it in as deep as possible and then leaned down and started soul kissing me while we began moving our organs in and out in rhythm. 

I felt his thick cock moving around in her ass and he cried out in pleasure as he told me that he could feel my cock inside her pussy and it felt great. Meanwhile Carol had come over and squatted over my face so that, while I was licking her anus, Shoko could suck her clit and the four of us went off on a beautiful high together. 

Shoko was the first to cum and I felt her cunt contract around my penis as she started to shake and shudder in ecstasy and her juices wet my cock. As she was cumming, John told us how wonderful her ass felt as it contracted around his cock with each of her spasms and then he grasped her tightly around the waist and announced his orgasm as he started to pump gobs of hot cum deep inside her ass. I felt his cock spurting cum into her as I thrust deeply into her hole and my orgasm suddenly erupted as my organ started jerking and shot ropes of hot cum inside her hungry pussy which seemed to be drawing more and more cum out of my balls. Shoko still had her face buried in Carol's pussy as she came and Carol was rubbing it all over her face as she too reached orgasm and held my wife's mouth to her cunt until her last spasm had passed. 

Carol went inside and prepared some sandwiches and drinks for us as we were all starved and we had a bite to eat and discussed the future. I told them that we would set up a party this weekend at our place and invite a few couples over that we are sure they would like so that they can start meeting people. They thanked us for that as the only thing they really missed since they got here was the parties and great sex they provided. After we finished eating and relaxed a while, Carol told Shoko that one of her favorite things was having John fuck her while he was being fucked as she loved looking into his eyes as a nice thick cock invaded his anus. My wife squealed in delight as she told her that she loved it also and let's do it right now. Carol got a coin from the dresser and flipped it in the air as she asked Shoko to call it. 

Shoko won and lay down on the bed on her back and spread her legs wide and held out her arms to me. I fed the crown of my slowly hardening penis to her wet hole and worked it deep inside and lay down on top of her. Then I felt John's cock at my opening and felt him feed the crown inside. His meat began to fill my ass and the combination of my wife's talented pussy and his thickness sent me off into another world as each time I withdrew my penis to the crown, his cock filled my ass and I felt his pubic hairs against my ass cheeks. As I fucked Shoko and he fucked me, Carol went over to the dresser and removed a large strap on dildo which she put on and then dabbed a little KY on before coming up behind her husband and working the head inside his ass while he continued stroking in me. I heard his gasps of pleasure as she filled his ass with the tool and the four of us got high on the pleasures we were giving each other. 

As Carol fucked her husband, she was gasping with each stroke and told us that the strap on had another head which was buried in her cunt and each time she stroked into him the other end stimulated her clit and was driving her wild. Shoko told her that she wanted to use it on me later and looked at me as I fucked her with a smile on her face as she told me that she was going to fuck me good with it and hopefully make me cum from it. I hardly heard what she said as I was being transported to never-never land by my wife's talented pussy and John's wonderful cock in my ass. 

We kept this up for quite some time until suddenly Shoko cried out and held me tight to her as her orgasm struck and I felt my cock being covered with her juices. Then Carol told us she was going to cum also and she stroked quickly in and out of her husband's anus as the dildo rubbed her erect clitoris and brought her to Nirvana also. Since both John and I had cum recently, we were not even close to cumming and I suggested that we switch positions. John went inside to clean up and Shoko asked us to suck each other so that they could watch while they played with each other. I smiled at John when he returned and asked him to lay down on his side as I got down in a 69 position and rested my head on his thigh as did he. His thickness was beautiful and I gazed at it with admiration as I ran my fingers over his ball sac, into his ass crack and over the thick shaft and swollen crown. 

I couldn't resist taking the smooth, flared crown between my lips and nursing on it just as he covered mine with his warm mouth. As I sucked firmly on the sweet meat, I glanced up to see my wife sitting back against the pillows watching us as she played with the folds of Carol's vagina. Then Carol got up and put on the strap on dildo and asked Shoko to come over and sit on her lap so the two of them could watch us as they fucked. I saw my wife's eyes open wide as she sank down on the large cock and then they started a rocking motion back and forth as both their eyes were fastened on our mouths voraciously sucking on each other's throbbing erections. John's cock felt wonderful in my mouth and each time he released some precum, I savored the flavor and redoubled my efforts to coax out more since it was so delicious. 
