 After we all had enjoyed a fabulous cold buffet accompanied by nice wines, our next game was announced.

"The next game is quiet similar to the musical chairs as we've played in the beginning of the evening. But this time it is probably better referred to as fucking chairs... ," Chris told us.

A ring of chairs was put in a circle. The men were asked to take a seat. We then were told to get our cocks out in the open. The women were ordered to make our members stand up right.

One male opted out of participating. His place was taken by a male assistant. Three females hesitated, among them the partner of the refusing male. Eventually she threw her head back as if saying "what the hack, I didn't come here to not participate" and joined in the action.

"Participation is of free will, and here at our resort it is no shame to step down now or then. So, it is perfectly all right for you to take a seat, sit back and enjoy the show," Chris went on. "There are enough assistants around who are very willing to fill in any open space."

The result was two females and one male who stepped down. They were provided with a refreshment and settled themselves on a settee facing the upcoming action. All the other girls grabbed a nearby cock and stroked it to full hardness. Some even used their mouth and sucked on their assigned prick. Mine was warmly caressed by the mouth of our neighbour Jennifer. Her hands played with my balls. As I looked to my right I saw that my Emily had taken care of Jennifer's hubby Daniel. Both girls smiled at each other as they warmed our maleness and made us look proud. When finally all dicks stood to attention, the girls were asked to stand up.

"As soon as the music starts, you will pull your bottoms down and sit down astride on the lap of your partner. You may chose to do this facing your partner, or turned away."

I couldn't keep my eyes of Jennifer's crotch as she slowly shoved the gusset of her bottom to one side, opened her lovely pussy lips with her other hand and lowered her cunt. She gyrated her hips slightly in anticipation to our merging.

"You girls will have five minutes to please your partner. You may only touch the cock, and you may only do so with your pussy. So no more hand or mouth action from now on during this game. But otherwise you can do as you please: just rub your slit over his meat, tease the tip with your lips, or you can lower your lovely cunt all the way over his cock.

"The purpose of your action will be to make him cum. When a man has spilled his juices, he will be out of the game. The girl who makes a man cum is not out of the game; the girl to her left will be out instead so the winning girl moves two places to the left, the others one place."

A signal was given with a gong, and the music started. Jennifer got out of her short skirt, pulled the gusset of her briefs aside and impaled herself on my rock hard lancet right away. No teasing from this girl. All along the circle most girls did the same. Some tried a more modest shoving lengthwise over the penis with their pussy. Funny enough most men and girls, including myself, let out a deep sigh, the result of our anticipation to this moment.

Jennifer's cunt was as bald as a babies. Her smooth pussy lips sucked my dick head inside of her sex. Slowly she sank her hips down, her cunt swallowing my cock. Her pussy felt really tight, holding on to my thick prick. Then she backed up, her inner lips clinging to my meat, all the way up until only my head was still captured by her pussy. She sank down again, impaling herself on my rod again. And then up again and down again until she had rooted me completely. Now she kept me all the way inside of her, gyrating her groin around my cock. Her cunt muscles kneaded my meat merciless. She felt like heaven. The allotted five minutes proved to be too short, although she managed to raise my excitement sky high.

After five minutes we got a few minutes to recover. Then my Em moved on to assault my cock. She went to work straight away, plunged down on my cock and pumped her five minutes up and down fiercely. The extra incentive of new cunt was absent, so I managed to withstand this ordeal easily.

My next opponent was the assistant who had replaced one of the girls who had chosen to abstain from this game. She showed a lot of experience and talent. Instead of fucking up and down on my shaft, she only massaged my cock head with her inner pussy lips. She moved her hips slightly from left to right making small rotating movements around the tip of my cock. Her cunt muscles kept the crown in a fierce vice. I only just managed to withstand her assault. I almost lost it there but I was saved by the bell. I was left panting in my chair, dreading that the few minutes interval would not get me through the next round. I didn't proof me wrong. 

Already two men were not so lucky; they both erupted during the third round, only seconds before the finish. The guy to the right of Daniel had lost his marbles. With a loud grunt he shot his load inside his fuck mate. His finish was greeted with applause from the audience, existing of the two girls and one man not participating, as well as the non-participating assistants. The girl, Roxanne, whoopied her victory. Rocking her man out of the game she had also dumped her girl next door. The poor thing to my right didn't get a change with my cock, at least not this time. 

Roxanne advanced two places making me her next victim. She wrapped her sex around my fuck stick, her butt against my tummy. Her inside was richly coated with the spending of her first victory, giving me five minutes of sloppy seconds. Her snug fitting well-lubricated fuck tool made for a perfect stimulus leaving me in complete agony. She bend her upper body forward, her hands clasping her knees, moving her hips up and down in a furious tempo. I could not get my eyes from her cunt as it glided up and down over my rod, pumping away like hell. The sperm of her previous guest started to leak from her cunt, seeping out from between her thick lips and my meat. With every down stroke another glob was forced out, leaving a pool of spunk around the base of my cock. White froth was coating my piston, as it pumped in and out of the sex-box of my adversary. Her lips were swollen from the overtime they were given.

Halfway through the five minutes my left hand neighbour lost it to the assistant who had worked me up before. She no doubt went through the circle agonizing us men with her dickhead-teasing rotation competence. My neighbour shouted out his agony, spurting undoubtedly a huge load of sperm into the PA. This triggered some more men, for I heard two more shrieks from the circle and a round of applause and shouts of joy from the audience.

Meanwhile the assault on my prick had become unbearable. The visual incentive of the humping butt added to the on-going physical stimulation made my balls go nuts. I felt my seed starting to boil and build up to an untenable pressure. No matter how I tried, my sperm forced itself up from my loins. With an amazing powerful orgasm it blasted me out of the game. I did not regret losing it, for I experienced an unforgettable orgasm. I deposited my spunk in four or five forceful spurts deep inside Roxanne's already well used passage. The interior of her cunt was now thoroughly coated with semen. As the girl stood up grinning, everybody could clearly see how full of shit she was, for my seed started dripping from her orifice immediately.

I was met by smiling faces from the audience. Sammy, our assistant, winked me over and pulled me next to her on a settee. "Poor thing," she whispered, "but I'm sure you had a good time!" She got on her knees in front of me and cleaned the mess around my cock and in my groin with her mouth. Eventually I had to pull her head back, because my dick had enough stimulation for the time being.

Meanwhile most participants had been taken out of the circle, and only two men were still left. One was a male assistant, the other a veteran guest.

"The game will now go on uninterrupted. There will be no more intermissions, so we will witness how these four sex craved contestants will fuck until they meet their conclusion. Music please!"

The beats from an electronic version of Ravels Bolero started and gradually became louder. The two vixens climbed upon their poles and started humping in sync with the music. Gradually they increased their tempo, and eventually the men came with thundering orgasms. As soon as the assistant reached his end, the girl riding him stood up, grabbed his penis and jerked him off until he had shot all his fluids. His sperm shot up high in the air, and landed mainly on the girls tits and face. The other couple stopped humping as well, and the winning man finally climaxed under the loud cheers from all around. His cries were partly from joy, partly from agony. He reached his Waterloo on the hands of a widely beaming and very happy looking Emily! How proud this made me feel!

"There is still one contest left," Melany addressed the assembly. "We take a short sanitary break, after which the last battle will commence. The election procedure of our miss Blissful Butt."

We men were given a third scorecard. This last card contained elements like shape, size, inclination, bulginess, firmness, cleft and penetrability. The contest was an hilarious event, or at least the beginning of it. All the girls were asked to bare their bottoms. Then they were told to drape themselves on the ottomans in such a way that showed off their behinds. It took quite some time, but after about ten minutes of fooling around and funny posing all the girls managed to get in more or less a position that put their butts high in the air. As the ottomans were still positioned on the edge of the stage, 18 very delectable asses were put on display in a long row.

All the time the men had been seated in the chairs alongside the stage enjoying the hubbub. Now the female assistants went along the bare bottoms applying an oily substance on all of them and rubbing it in. They made a good job in making the bums shining and look very presentable. They were followed by the male assistants, who took their time rubbing the slippery fluid in between the buttocks. Concluding on the sounds coming from the stage our hosts definitely did more than just massage the buttocks. The excited sounds betrayed that our ladies were treated with a deep massage in between their bums.

At last we were invited to inspect the asses. Witnessing the procedure thus far had made us men all recover from our earlier ordeal. Most of our briefs sported healthy bulges again. We had to give points for roundness and firmness, as well as shape and size. There was a break where all the points were collected, and after counting the votes six girls were left with the most points. To narrow the choice further down, these six vixens were put on display again.

The stage was cleared of the ottomans. Now the girls left on the shelf were put on a special shaped piece of furniture. It slightly resembled an ottoman, but it was much higher. You could also see it as a stool, only with surface-dimensions resembling the torso. The upper side had a U-form, supporting the upper torso and the lateral parts of the abdomen. These 'inspection-stools' were fitted with fixable legs. First the girls had to stand upright against them. The legs of the stool were adjusted according to the girls length. Then her legs were buckled up to the furniture, spread out about two and a half feet. Next the girls had to bent at the waist in a corner of ninety degrees, lying the upper body horizontal on the upper side of the stool. Then the arms were put down pointing to the floor and buckled on the other legs of the contraption.

Tied up to the contraption the last six lucky birds were unable to back out of the coming actions. Their entire groin area as well as the middle part of their tummies were available to our groping hands. And grope we did. Our main objective was to test the tightness of the assholes. But we tested also the wetness of the cunts, the accessibility of the back doors, the eagerness of the candidates. To her own astonishment, Helen, one of the girls who had declined participation in the game of fucking chairs, was voted miss Blissful Butt with an overwhelming majority.

As Helen and the other five girls were freed from the inspection stools, two assistants game back with boxes containing the winning garments. The winners were announced. For the pussy-title there were two gals who ended ex aequo. Since one of them was the clear winner of the miss Terrific Tits title, the other was declared miss Perfect Pussy. Under loud roars of approval the title holders were fitted with their attire. A lot of cheering went on, and everybody congratulated the victors with their fate. And off course everybody wanted to caress the prizewinning assets.

"We have a special award for miss Blissful Butt. Besides the fame and glory which befalls you Helen, and I must add that the Butt Pant© becomes you extremely well, we invite you to be our Butt Queen tomorrow night. You may decline this honour, but we expect to and count on you to share your gifted behind with us," Chris ended the honouring ceremony.

To be continued ...