 As I entered both Becky and Liz looked at me. Jeff was not shocked and I thought he was expecting me. Liz introduced me as the Doctor with a cock as big as my forearm as she spread her fingers to show how big my prick was. Becky unzipped me as my cock sprung out wet with precum having witnessed the sex orgy and the sight of the two women showing the jet-black hair in their bushy armpits." Sit down " Becky told me and reached for my pants and pulled my cock out. She bent down and her tongue circled the head of my cock until it was all wet and then she swallowed me whole. I looked over at Jeff. He was rubbing what was obviously a huge hard-on. He couldn't take his eyes off Becky and her hirsute armpits as my cock went down her throat over and over again. 

Jeff was pulling and stroking his huge cock. I felt Becky moan around me at the sight of Jeff' cock. He was just sitting there stroking it slowly up and down, precum already oozing all over the tip. I could see that Liz had started breathing heavier than she was and realized she had her hand between her legs rubbing her wet hairy pussy for all she was worth Jeff was watching his wife closely as she spread open her lips and pushed two fingers deep into her herself as Jeff's tongue found her clit and sucked it softly. That was all it took as she started moaning as she came all over his face. 

Becky took out my cock from her mouth and replaced it with Jeff's bulging prick. She looked right in his face as she lowered her open mouth to his throbbing cock. Slowly his two-inch around cock disappeared into her eager mouth. She was having a hard time getting it down her throat and I saw her gag twice, but she was determined to swallow all of it and finally her lips touched his balls as they slid down his cock. I moved closer and pushed the head of my cock into her hairy pussy. I was amazed at the masses of jet-black hair, which grew on her pubic mound. It was hard and very long as I twirled my fingers around her pussy hair. Liz came towards me and thrust her hairy underarms into my face. "AAAHHHHHHH" I shouted as my face took in the strong aroma of her armpits. It smelt of sweat and deodorant and I took in the smells as I put my tongue deep amongst the thicket in her hairy underarms. Becky meanwhile didn't hesitate as she pushed back hard burying me deep inside her. 

Jeff pushed his cock all the way down her throat. I pushed her towards him and pulled almost all the way out. We found a perfect rhythm right away as Jeff and I pushed her back and forth. She was trying to say something but neither one of us could understand what she said with that big cock down her throat. In any event my face was buried in the armpit forest of Liz who amazingly had her hands on her husband's swollen balls.

Becky was moaning constantly now as she rocked back and forth between the two of us and she started shaking uncontrollably as she came. There was pussy cum all over me and on the floor as she pulled off me and she turned facing me and straddled Jeff, the tip of his cock just brushing her hairy pussy lips. Then she looked at me and motioned for me to put my cock in her mouth. I was obviously bigger than Jeff who packed a mean machine but I did not want to leave Liz she followed me around as my lips stayed plastered to her matted hair in her unshaven pits.

I slid half my cock into Becky's mouth as she pushed down, taking Jeff's' fat head into her pussy. She rode him bouncing up and down on it until she screamed "I'm cummmmming!! Fuck me! He lifted her off his cock and blasted cum over her pussy lips before plunging her back down on him and blowing wad after wad of 

I stroke Liz's wonderful ass, which I find is hairy too. Moving forward I slip to the floor then using my hands I pull apart her ass cheeks to reveal her outer and inner vagina lips and watch as a drop of dew rolls down the trough and nestles next to her blood engorged clitoris. I lick and suck as her moans became even louder. Then I slowly launch into her ass and then withdraw. Then I just pause my cock luxuriates in this hot and silky smooth tunnel. Soon Jeff is offering her his hard dick with pre-come dripping from its' head. She reaches out with one hand to draw him to her while extending her tongue she licks the wetness from his dick and then swallows him fully. Jeff moans in pleasure from the contact. I can't believe she ate the whole thing in one swoop, awesome. She began licking up and down his shaft and nibbling on the underside of the head causing it to immediately get nice and puffy for her. She licked up and down teasing it then enveloped the head into her warm mouth. His hips began to come up to meet her as she let it fuck her mouth. I withdrew my cock from her anus and plunged it into Liz. She was wet and my cock moved easily into her.

Then climbing on top of me, she took my cock and rubbed the head against her slippery clit, masturbating herself with it and working it inside her extremely ready and slick pussy. Her warmth wrapped around me as I strained to hold back from filling her with cum on the spot. I pushed my head into the heavy pelt of jet-black hair in hr underarms. "Sweetie I love your moist hairy armpits they taste so god" I said as I pushed my mouth into the long bushy hair n her underarms. She put her hands on my chest and raising her hips up and down as she fucked and kissed me like she hadn't done in years. It was wonderful! Where had this woman been? 

"You need to start giving your wife more cock." She said, as she seduced me. I told her though she was even more hairy than both Becky and her she did not like sex and therefore I was starved of hot sex. In no time she came, bucking on top of me and digging her nails into my shoulders. Then I followed quickly filling her with my warm cum. It was quick for both of us, but then we both needed it so badly. 

I turned to see what Jeff and Becky were upto. She was kneeling in front of him and she took his cock in her hands. Her eyes devoured his meat for a long moment before she lowered her head and gently licked the throbbing tip. It was very erotic as she he pushed down, taking all of his meat into her mouth, feeling it stretch her jaw with its girth. She worked up and down, letting her tongue massage the underside of his shaft. She brought one hand up to cup his balls as she continued to fuck his thick cock with her mouth and tongue. She concentrated her whole being on his cock, devoting herself to it and to pleasing him until she felt the first twitch in his heavy sack. As exciting as the idea of him cumming in her mouth was to her, she wanted him to fill her pussy with his seed. She pulled her mouth off his cock and looked up into his eyes. 

I wanted to put my cock into her bushy armpits. It was wet and looked very inviting as she stretched her arms and I put my dong into her armpits. It felt great as my prick felt the prickly hedges of her untrimmed underarms. "Aaaaahhhhhh" I groaned as my cock disappeared into her hairy underarms.

I was having the time of my life and I needed a break so I went to get myself some water and maybe regain some vigor doctor that I am from HAIRLEY STREET.