 The doorbell rings and Sam goes to answer the door. When she opens the door, there he stands the sun glistening around him making him angelic. He smiles at her and enters the house. As he passes her she takes a deep breath savoring the scent of him. She catches herself watching him walk, scanning the muscular curves of his arms and the way his jeans enhance the tight ass that is beneath them. 

He has been here before, for he is the handyman of the building. She has tried to resist calling on several occasions but inevitably something always happens causing her to call. ‘Damsel in distress’ situation pisses her off, but what else do you do when you live alone. Many things she has accomplished on her own and others she just makes worse. Besides getting the opportunity to look at that fine ass is a good thing.

He turns to her and asks where the bathroom is for the hot water tap in the shower is stripped. She leads him to the bathroom. He watches her walk in front of him. Her hair flows down her back. Her legs firm, but not muscular; curve gently into a beautifully rounded ass. 

When they reach the bathroom, she turns to him not realizing he was so close. He quickly repositions his stare knowing she has caught him looking her over. He smiled shyly and mumbled a thank you. 

Stepping into the bathroom they became face to face for they were standing together in the doorway. He could feel her breasts against his tight chest and for this he wished not to move. The light fragrance of vanilla tickled his nose. She could feel his body tense as they stood there for what seemed to be a lifetime. She could feel his breath on her lips as if he was about to kiss her. Her mind was racing full of fantasies that she had secretly for such a long time. He moved slowly by her as she whispered excuse me. His hand brushed the crotch of her jeans sending electric waves through her. She met his gaze; his eyes sparkled with mystery. He smiled and said certainly. 

She left the room heading back to do whatever it was she was doing before the bell rang. At this point she had no idea what it was but was hoping by the time she returned to the living room she would remember. When she returned her girlfriend Janice, was standing there looking at her and passed her wondering what had brought such a smile to her face. She just looked at her and said she was finally getting her shower fixed. Suddenly they heard a blast of water and a holler from the bathroom. They both ran to see what had happened. 

Standing in front of them was the handyman-dripping wet. His shirt clung to well-defined biceps and noticeable but not hardened six-pack. His jeans being this wet showed every curve of his legs, ass and crotch which instantly turned them both on. His hair, normally straight now had a slight curl to it and the water dripped to his nose. He smiled at them and said it’s fixed. They all burst into a fit of laughter. 

Janice grabbed a towel and started wiping up the water as she went to help him clean up the tools as the mist from the shower filled the room. 

Sam handed him a towel and said you might want to dry off. He removed his shirt and asked her to dry his back. Both girls froze as they watched him sliver out of his shirt. She took the towel and gently dried off his back realizing she was caressing more than drying. Noticing this, he turned to her facing her. Once again breathing on her lips and whispered, my front needs to be dried as well. She began drying his chest not taking her eyes off of him. Her friend went to his backside with another towel and began to dry his back. They remained motionless for a few moments savoring the feel of each other’s bodies. 

He put his hands around Sam's waist, slipping his fingers under her shirt and gently pulled her into him. Her heart raced as his lips caressed her neck. Her friend who was drying his back began rubbing and massaging his muscles feeling her way to his firm ass. She slipped her hands around to his front feeling his abs like a rippling wave. She looked at her friend whose eyes were huge as if to say what are we doing? Then he licked her neck, down to her chest and she fell into a sea of passion. 

Janice had now worked her way through the buttons of his jeans and had the first feel of his manhood that they could see in front of them dripping wet. She looked at Sam’s wide eyes and grinned. He had unbuttoned Sam’s blouse and was gently running his lips over the curves of her breast that were not hidden from her bra, as his hands roamed her back and down her ass. 

Sam was completely taken by the feeling of his warm breath on her skin, wanting so much more. She rubbed his chest down his abs and trickled her fingers down his treasure line till she reached Janice’s hands. Both working together they stroked and caressed his hard cock. Sam kissed his shoulders slowly up his neck to his chin. Reaching his lips, he pulls away and turns her around. Slowly slipping his hands down her jeans for the warmth of her pussy was calling to him. 

Janice moved in front of Sam, stripping her clothes so he could see her. Letting her clothes fall gently to the ground, moving her hands over her body so her could see every curve. Janice stepped closer to Sam causing the two of them to be closer than they ever have. 

She reached up removing Sam’s blouse and bra baring her chest. Her nipples were hard and her breasts firm. Janice cupped them in her hands, squeezing gently. Janice not taking her eyes off of him, watching him become excited by what she was doing was more of a turn on then him touching her himself. 

She leaned into Sam, placing her breasts against her and kissed him deeply. Sam was amazed at how good this felt. His fingers had made their way to her wet pussy. Slowly he caressed her clit gently penetrating with his fingers and removing them moistening her clit. Janice slipped her arms passed Sam working his jeans off, which pressed his hard cock against Sam. She began to squirm, wanting, feeling lusting for more. Janice knowing this removed Sam’s jeans freeing the three bodies to the humid air of the room. 

Sam turned to him, kissing his body, moving like a wave of an ocean across his chest and down. Her hard nipples gently touching him as she moved creating waves of sensation all over him. Looking up at him she rested her lips against his hard cock, teasing him with the tip of her tongue. He moaned with anticipation of what was to come. 

Janice had made her way to the counter, sitting with her legs spread inviting him. She caressed her breasts stopping at the nipples. Tugging gently never taking her eyes off of them. Moving her fingers down to her clit and teasing around the lips. Watching Sam lick his cock almost feeling his hardness in her own mouth. Sam opened her mouth and engulfed his penis; Janice thrust her fingers inside of herself at the same time. Choruses of moans came simultaneously. 

He reached over and began kissing and licking Janice’s nipples, cupping her breasts and squeezing them with each thrust from Sam. The moans from Sam sent vibrations through his hard cock, which made him, pulse even more. He moved down Janice’s torso to her wetness, for the smell of pussy through the humid air he could not take anymore-he had to taste. 

Janice spread her lips with her fingers inviting him. He gently caressed her clit with his tongue and fingers finding his way to the ultimate treasure. He slid his fingers inside her warm moistness feeling her juices flow around them. Sucking gently on her clit, he could feel her vibrate. Sam enjoying what she was watching, could notice how wet she too was getting. He was getting so hard in her mouth he began thrusting gently. She withdrew from him and sat and watched them as he ate her and watched her friend squirm in pleasure. 

Little beads of water trickled down Janice’s chest resting near her nipples. Inviting her, Janice looked to Sam and held her breasts in her hands and smiled. Sam joined the two in pleasing Janice. Licking her friends breasts was strange, but surprisingly very much of a turn on. Her muffled moans of pleasure made her want to satisfy her even more. 

He had worked his way from Janice and now was fixated on Sam’s dripping wet pussy for he longed for her the most. Positioning himself on the floor, enabling him to watch the two, he buried himself in the aroma and taste of her thrusting his tongue deep into her, savoring the taste. Sam’s legs became weak and she wanting more, pushed down on him. He responded by penetrating her with his fingers, licking the juices that dripped from her. He watched Sam kissing Janice’s breasts moving slowly and hesitating at her hips. 

The wanting of more made Janice squirm and spread her legs inviting Sam to continue. Sam slowly licked the curve of her thigh resting on her clit. The taste of her juices entering her mouth made her heart pound in her chest. Sam liked the feelings that she was having and licked the moistness of her friend as she moaned as he explored her and found her g-spot. She tightened around his fingers thrusting not wanting to let go. He pulled away long enough to position himself for what he could no longer hold back from. 

He bent Sam over so he could watch her please her friend and gently moved inside her. Sam moaned again moving with him causing waves of emotion through both of them. Gently thrusting himself into her, he could feel explosions beginning to erupt. Sam had now moved and wanted her friend to be pleased as she was. Sam moved her fingers in and out of Janice, watching her and feeling her tense with each movement. Janice moaned in pleasure. Gently and faster they moved in sequence, thrusting and rubbing to the point where he could not hold back anymore. 

Janice had moved Sam closer to her touching their breasts as she squirmed on her fingers. He moved in a rapid motion, causing both of them to scream with pleasure. Janice leaned into Sam wanting to taste her juices, reaching with her tongue, never taking her eyes off of him. Sam returned and they kissed passionately. He rubbed Sam’s tits pulling on her nipples sending electric shocks through her body. She couldn’t take it anymore; she pushed against him tightening her muscles around him. He began to thrust harder holding her against him, Sam exploring her friend with the same intensity.

The moans became louder and they all slipped into spasmatic waves of organism. Releasing Janice, Sam turned to him and kissed him, exploring his mouth with her tongue, sharing the taste of her friend. He held her close to him, emotions running wild enjoying the passion they shared between each other. 

Janice then turned to them, hugged her friend telling her that they should make sure the shower works. Kissed him gently, announcing as she left that her washer has been broke and he should come have a look at it and left the room. 

Sam turned to him and led him to the hot steaming shower that awaited them promising he would be squeaky-clean before they were done.