 When I lived in Hawaii and was single, I met a couple, through some mutual friends who were in the group sex scene, and I became very close to them over the years. Pat & Jerry were friends and swinging partners and were very popular in the sex scene especially since both were bisexual. Jerry is an ex-Navy man who stayed in Hawaii after leaving the service and was tall, very well built and good looking. Pat was an attractive blonde with a gorgeous body who really grooved on good sex. The three of us hit it off perfectly the very first time we met and we got together very often for beautiful sex sessions at Jerry's house in Kaneohe which was on the other side of the island from Honolulu.

I remember going to meet Patricia & Jerry one night for our usual sex session and Pat hadn't arrived yet so after about 15 minutes of small talk, we decided to go upstairs and she could join us whenever she got in. We had had many great threesomes but this would be the first time he and I started alone...before Pat arrived. Pat lived in Waikiki and only spent weekends at Jerry's house because the commute from Kaneohe to downtown Honolulu was horrific in rush hours. 

I stripped as soon as we entered his bedroom and as he stripped he freed his cock from his jockeys and stood in front of me. As soon as I looked at his gorgeous organ, I was lost! He's about 9" cut with a smooth, sloped crown and his shaft is nice and thick which is the way I like it. The funny thing is, he felt the same way about my organ, and we just naturally gravitated towards each other reaching for our quickly hardening cocks. Whenever I first laid eyes on his penis, I just had to take it in my mouth and worship its beauty and, since he felt the same way about mine, we got down on our sides, in a 69 position and began a beautiful, cocksucking session which always drove both of us up a wall and always had Pat frigging her clit frantically since she loved watching us. Before I sucked his tool, I looked at it close up and felt it from the base up the shaft to his beautiful sloped head. 

Then I would lower my head between his thighs and lick his balls and take each one in my mouth and tenderly suck it before working my tongue up his shaft and all around it as I moved up to the head. When I took the smooth, bulging head between my lips, it felt marvelous! I always loved sucking on his smooth head trying to draw the semen from his balls. When he began kissing my balls and then trailing his tongue down to my asshole and licking his way up from the base of my erection to the crown and licking up the pre-cum as it flowed out, he was driving me wild especially since I had my favorite cock in my mouth and he tasted so good. The two of us were occupied for some time when suddenly we heard a polite cough and looked up to see Pat standing at the doorway with her dress pulled up and her finger in her cunt. She said that she had been masturbating and watching us for about ten minutes and we never even knew it. 

Pat is a beautiful blonde who needs very little, if any makeup, and has a healthy, farm girls' looks. She has large, firm breasts with large nipples and huge rosettes and a great ass and legs. It only took her a second to strip and the next thing I know her juicy cunt was being lowered to my mouth as she took Jerry's throbbing penis into hers. Pat has a beautiful pussy! Her cunt had close trimmed blonde fuzz and she has rose petal shaped labia which puff up and open when she's hot, revealing a sweet pink, moist hole. She has a medium to large clit which is the secret to totally owning her! I loved the scent of her cunt. It was such a turn on to bury my face deep in her folds and breathe in her sexy aroma while I nibbled and sucked on her pussy. Then I felt someone take my cock in their mouth and realized it was Jerry and that we were in a suck circle. 

We stayed in this position some time and then Pat requested a double fuck which we couldn't refuse since it was her favorite! She sat on Jerry's cock and worked it inside her hot pussy until they were both good and lubed and then I came up behind her and, after putting on some KY, fed the head of my cock into her asshole and worked it in until I was deep inside her. Then Jerry and I started to slow fuck her at the same time so that, as Jerry's cock was on the way out, I was on the way in and the best part was that Jerry and I could feel each other's cocks through the wall of her membrane and the sensations always drove us wild. 

Pat always said that was the reason a double fuck with us was better than any other she ever had. Pat was a talker during sex and loved cursing when she was being fucked. She went wild when we double fucked her and the wonderful, sexy things she used to come out with were fabulous turn-ons. The three of us also liked to try and time our orgasms so that we would all cum at the same time and managed to do this fairly often! If Jerry and I could time our cumming, then Pat would always get off as soon as she felt our cum flooding both her holes. 

We got together like this a couple of times a week and they were the best sessions ever! The three of us were tuned in sexually and we enjoyed every combination thought of and possibly, invented some. I remember one time when Pat had to go to the mainland on business, Jerry and I got together alone. This was the first time that we had ever been alone and I was looking forward to a different and exciting experience. I got to his place, after the slow drive from Waikiki, and he answered the door in his robe with the head of his cock peering through the opening. I entered and as soon as he closed the door, grasped his organ in my hand and stroked it lovingly telling him how much I had been looking forward to this encounter. He asked me to strip and then removed his robe revealing his gorgeous cock and full balls. I naturally gravitated to his organs and, kneeling before him, I started licking his balls, which he loved, and then worked my way up his thick shaft to the smooth, sloped head of his cock. 

I teased his slit with my tongue and was rewarded with some precum which I licked up immediately. Then I took his crown between my lips and ran my tongue over it as I nursed gently on the sweet organ and was rewarded from time to time with drops of delicious precum which I savored on my tongue before swallowing. He asked me to move over to the bed, as he wanted my cock as well, and I reluctantly stopped sucking him and got up on the bed. We assumed a 69 position on our sides and, resting our heads on each other's thighs, we began licking and sucking each other. I loved the feeling of having his cock buried deep down my throat. It gave me a feeling of peace and contentment that I never felt before. 

As we sucked each other, I half expected Pat to walk in and join us but that was not to be this time. I was working my head up and down his thick shaft while running my tongue over it and drawing deeply on his cockhead on every upthrust when suddenly I heard him moan and his cock jerked as he went into spasms of pleasure and fed me loads of cum which I sucked up deftly. As I was drinking his cum, my organ starting shooting hot cum into his hungry mouth and we both sucked voraciously on each other's cocks until our spasms ended and we returned to earth. 

Jerry brought some hot and dry towels and we refreshed ourselves and had a beer while idly playing with each other's cocks. It wasn't long before our organs began to rise and Jerry asked me if I would please fuck him as he desperately wanted my cock in his ass. He got up on all fours and presented his ass to me for my personal pleasure and I couldn't resist wetting his rosebud hole with my mouth and slipping the tip of my tongue inside just before I fit the head of my organ to his hole and pushed the head inside. His ass gripped my cockhead tightly as I slowly worked the head in and out until he was well lubed and then started thrusting in and out in smooth, long strokes that had him gasping and moaning in pleasure. As I fucked him, I reached around and grasped his rigid penis and stroked it in rhythm to my cock thrusts. 

He was groaning and gasping as I thrust in and out of his warm, grasping ass and I became totally engrossed in how sexy his ass felt as I stroked back and forth. My orgasm hit me suddenly, and I began shooting jets of cum into his ass as I thrust deeply inside him and he responded by pumping gobs of cum onto the bed. He loved me to fuck him and Pat loved watching me fuck him and always masturbated while watching us. 

One time, they asked me if it was ok to invite another gal over to join us and when they assured me that I won't be disappointed, I trusted their judgment and agreed. On the appointed day, I showed up at Jerry's and found a delicious looking Asian gal with a great body with them. They introduced us and I took Michiko's hand which I found very warm and inviting and instantly knew that it was going to be a very interesting evening because she seemed to be a woman who totally loves sex and immerses herself in it when involved in worshipping a sweet pussy as well as a thick cock. And that turned out to be the case as Michiko was one of the best sexual partners I have ever had. She really loved cock and pussy and couldn't get enough of either. The four of us had rotating suck circles where everyone had a chance to suck everyone else to orgasm. 

Pat loved having Jerry fuck her while I fuck him and Michiko came over and sat on Jerry's back and presented her wide open crotch to me for sucking. As I stroked deeply in Jerry's ass, I licked and sucked Michiko's delicious pussy and asshole as she presented them to me. I heard Pat cry out that she was cumming and as she went into spasms, Jerry groaned as his cock exploded and he emptied his balls in her hole. I could feel his spasms as I fucked him and they drove me over the edge and my cock began shooting jets of cum inside his beautiful asshole as it contracted around my shaft and milked it of every drop of juice. 

All the while Michiko was rubbing her cunt all over my face and, as I came, she thrust her clit into my mouth and started cumming the moment I took it between my lips. I sucked as much of her cunt into my mouth as I could and tasted her delicious juices as they flowed down on my tongue. I remember that we only got together with Michiko a couple of times after that because she lived with a guy and couldn't get away until he left town on business which wasn't that often.

I had to go back to NY on business about every other month for a week or so each visit and had been telling some of my favorite sex partners that they should plan a trip to Hawaii as they could stay with me and meet Pat and Jerry who they would flip over. One day as I was relaxing in my lounge chair at the rooftop pool in my building after work, the telephone rang and it was Mary Barker calling from NY. She told me that she was coming to Hawaii with a boyfriend of hers for a one week vacation next month. Now Mary used to be my main squeeze a couple of years ago and accompanied me to many great orgies. She was a very attractive brunette with a great body and was one of the best sex partners I ever had. 

She was bisexual and had brought a number of gals and guys over to my place for threesomes when we were going together. If I hadn't moved to Hawaii, she probably would have still been with me. At any rate, she told me that I was going to love her boyfriend who was not only good looking but also had a huge organ and was bisexual. I told her not to make any hotel reservations as they could stay with me and told her to e-mail me the flight information so that I could pick them up at the airport.

The time flew by and I found myself driving to the airport to pick up Mary and her friend. I went to the gate to meet them and got there just as the passengers were getting off the plane. I spotted Mary walking with a tall, good looking blonde guy who was built like an athlete and waved her over to me. After a big hug and kiss, she introduced Blake to me and we headed for the baggage claim. When we were in my car heading for Waikiki, I started pointing out the sights to them and told them that I forgot my tourist-guide cap at home since, every time someone from the mainland comes to the Islands for the first time, I wind up being their guide. We got to my place and when they walked into the apartment, they gasped when they saw the view. I was on the 33rd floor with my terrace overlooking all of Waikiki Beach and my large side windows facing due west and framing the sun which was just about getting ready to provide us with another magnificent Hawaiian sunset. 

I got them settled in their room and Mary asked if we had time to play a little as they were horny after the flight and she wanted Blake and I to get to know one another. I told her that I had plans for us tonight which would involve meeting Jerry & Pat and we would all need our strength for the coming events but we could have a short get acquainted session which would be nice. 

Mary started stripping off her clothes and was naked in a flash. Her body always got me excited and my penis began to stir when I looked at her as I remembered all the great sex we had together in the past. When Blake removed his shorts and turned to face me, I was transfixed by his penis. It was very thick and even though soft, it had to be over 8" long and had a large sloped crown with a deep ridge all around it. It was absolutely beautiful and as soon as I undressed, I walked over to him and took it in my hand telling him that I can't wait to see it when he's hard. He grasped my organ in his hand also and it started to get hard as his fingers closed over my shaft. Mary was watching with approval as Blake and I got to know one another and she lay back on the bed pillows and told us to go right ahead and continue as she wanted to watch us for a while. 

I led Blake over to the bed and had him lay down on his back as I kneeled between his thighs and stroked his beautiful cock and full balls which were straining in their fullness against their sack. His penis was steadily rising and growing more beautiful and astounding by the minute. It felt so good in my hands as it rose to its fullest height and I leaned forward and began licking the enormous crown as he groaned in pleasure. I captured his cockhead between my lips and nursed on his organ as I flicked my tongue all over and underneath it while gently squeezing his full ball sack. I was about to attempt to take more of him in my mouth when he asked me to swing around so that he could get at me also. I was working his organ deeper into my mouth when I felt his lips around my crown while his tongue teased my slit. Mary was enjoying the scene and I could hear her prompting both of us to suck each other good as she was getting tremendously turned on. 

I happened to glance in her direction as I sucked his enormous pole and saw her with two fingers plying her cunt as she tweaked her nipples and watched us with glazed eyes. Blake and I were lost in pleasure as we sucked each other and after some time, I heard a muffled cry and felt his organ swell as he shot his hot cum into my mouth. I had only been able to get a little more than his crown in my mouth and had been stroking his shaft as I sucked it so as he pumped each load, I gulped it down and got ready for more until his organ quieted down and his spasms ended. His penis felt so good in my mouth I was reluctant to let it go as he continued deep throating me but I was nowhere near cumming yet and thought it would be a good idea to feed Mary some cock as she was going wild playing with herself. I told Blake that he'll have to wait until tonight to taste my cum as Mary desperately needed my cock right now and he pulled his mouth from my organ and looked at her and agreed with me. 

I moved over between Mary's outstretched thighs and fit the head of my penis to her wet hole and ran it up and down her slit just before working the head inside. Before I knew what was happening, she locked her legs around my waist and thrust her cunt forward so that my cock slid all the way in and she started humping me and thrashing her head from side to side as she moaned and gasped in orgasmic passion wetting my thick shaft with her juices. Then, all of a sudden, my penis exploded and I started filling her cunt with hot cum in spurt after wonderful spurt until I fully emptied my balls in her and my spasms ended. I rolled over next to her on the bed and rested for a few moments before mentioning that we had better get moving as we had to be in Kaneohe to meet Pat and Jerry soon. We all showered and slipped into casual clothes noting that Mary wasn't wearing any underwear under her tight, short dress.

I had arranged to meet Pat and Jerry at one of our favorite restaurants on the other side of the Pali and they were waiting for us at the table when we arrived. I introduced Mary and Blake and noted the approval in all their eyes as they greeted each other. During dinner, Mary brought us up to date on the NY sex scene and told us a few choice stories of recent action which got us all horny. We finished coffee and I asked for the check and we decided to follow Pat and Jerry back to their place which was only a few minutes away. As soon as we got into their house, Jerry suggested that we all get nude and comfortable. We removed our clothes and Jerry brought us drinks as we sat down in the living room and talked. 

I noticed that Pat's eyes never left Blake's tool and when Jerry came in with the drinks, she discretely signaled him to take a look for himself and when he saw that beauty of Blake's, he smiled to her in approval. I thought it would be a good idea for Pat and Jerry to get better acquainted with Mary and Blake and asked Pat if she would like to meet Blake, Jr. and without hesitation she got up and kneeled in front of him as she stroked his wonderful, soft penis and watched it grow before her excited eyes. Jerry thought that was a good idea and settled himself between Mary's sexy thighs as he played with her vagina. I lay down underneath Jerry and took his beautiful cock between my lips and began to suck gently on the crown. After a few minutes of this, I moved over to Pat and licked her sweet pussy as she worshipped Blake's monster penis. I was enjoying my cock and pussy sucking when Pat announced that she wanted to feel Blake's tool inside her and asked us all to retire to the bedroom where we could all get comfortable and continue our play. 

As we walked into the bedroom, I whispered to Jerry and Mary that I was going to enjoy watching Pat take that beauty of a penis inside her and they both agreed. Pat was holding Blake by his erection and it was throbbing from the sucking she had given him. She got on the bed and pulled him by the cock along with her and lay back and opened her gorgeous thighs to show him her sexy spread. Blake's cock jerked in anticipation when he saw her wet crotch and he placed his tool to her open hole and pushed himself into her wetness. Her eyes opened wide as he fed more and more of his monster penis into her and she exclaimed how big and wonderful it felt as it filled her. Her eyes were rolled back in her head as he fed more inside and then she put her hands on his hips and stopped him from going any further as she was totally impaled on his organ and couldn't take an inch more. 

He began thrusting his thick meat in and out of her and her cunt lips were grasping his tool as he pulled it out and then disappearing when he thrust it back in again. We watched them fuck a while and then Mary got down and started to suck my cock as Jerry came up behind her and began licking her ass crack from the top all the way down to her clit causing her to moan with her mouth around my cock and giving me, in essence, a hum-job. I told Jerry not to stop what he was doing as I was enjoying her sucking along with the vibrations from her moans. Then I looked over and saw Jerry's huge erection and just had to have it in my mouth so I asked both of them to swing around and form a suck circle. As soon as Jerry's beautiful, hard penis got near my mouth I lunged at it and took the crown in my mouth and started to suck his delicious meat as I lovingly cupped his big tight balls in my hand. Mary was doing a wonderful job on my cock and, from her muffled moans, 
