 Susan did not even wait to be introduced. She looked lovely in a floral gown and she kicked off her shoes and caught hold of Charlie’s massive dong. She grasped it in both hands and lifted her gown. She had no panties on and her groin was filled with dense pubic hair. "I want to feel that cock inside me now," she said, grabbing hold of it and guiding it to her pussy. I was surprised to see that she was so wet it easily went straight in. "When I first saw this magnificent specimen when I walked in, I had to have it up me!" said Susan. She had managed to get his whole penis into her pussy, and was riding me for all she was worth. "Ahhh...yes! Ahhh...give it to me baby! I want to feel the entire length. Oohh...damn this is good." 

I looked down and couldn't believe what I was seeing! She was taking the entire length into her body, something I thought I would never get to witness. Just watching all that meat disappear then reappear was driving me crazy. It had the effect of making me cum with the excitement of it all. 

Harry moved over to her and lifted her gown from over her head. Her magnificent armpits came into view. It was a sight to behold. Thick thatches of jet-black hair filled her untrimmed underarms. It was wild and growing all over her bushy armpits. Her armpit hair was long thick and very dense and Harry bent down and took the hairy foliage into his mouth. Bit by bit he released it and he was still holding onto it in his mouth even after releasing at least six inches of her underarm hair. It was easily the blackest hairiest best armpit hair that ever grew.

In the meanwhile Carol to be one up on Susan reached up taking Harry’s cock in one hand, then licked around the ridge slowly and purposely before sliding it slowly into her mouth. I looked down to watch, and it was as if I was watching a slow motion porn film, for she took all his ten inch cock all the way, with out so much as a murmur. So slowly but oh so expertly, as she brought it back out she looked up at me letting the cock slide back in. I thought she was unbelievable, as she continued this pleasure he was receiving, and when she started to move her hand in time with her mouth, I knew that he was about to cum. 

I stared at Carol’s bushy underarms and then at Susan’s hairy forest and then at my own insufficient furry armpits and realized that I as a long way from satisfying Harry by my underarm hair. It was no use thinking that Jennifer had shaven pits compared to my unshaven armpits especially keeping in view the kind of hairy women Harry already had sucking and fucking him.

Carol picked up the pace as Harry let go a stream of jism. His hands were still pulling the long underarm hair of Susan as he fucked Carol’s mouth. And not a single drop escaped her lips. She used her hand to pump him dry, then stood up licking her lips. 


I started licking Carol ’s bushy pussy. I ran my tongue slowly around the delicate folds of her outer walls, occasionally running it over her clitoris, but not getting carried away. Then I started to dart in and out of her pussy with the tip of my tongue, lapping up the juices that were now flowing freely. 

Charlie was between Susan’s legs and Harry was still licking the matted sweaty hair in her underarm garden. He pushed it forward as slowly but forcefully as possible, the folds of her moist skin giving way to the pressure, which allowed his cock to slide in. She moaned out loud as he reached the end of my thrust. Then he brought it out only to send it back in again, then he picked up the pace just a little, making her moan some more even as Harry thrust his mouth into her bushy armpits. He now replaced his mouth with his flaccid dick. He rubbed his dangling penis in her underarm forest as specks of his cum filled cock fell into the thick matted hair in her armpit lawn. 

I looked down at her face as Charlie raised himself above her with both arms; her face was that of an angel, her cheeks flushed as she began to have her first orgasm as he started to ejaculate. Charlie put all his frothing cum inside her and went to the bathroom. Harry was now fucking Susan’s underarms watched by both Carol and me. It looked bizarre as his mammoth cock drove in and out of her unshaven pits. His white cock flew in and out of her jet-black bushy armpits sometimes disappearing right till his balls. It was in some ways a very erotic sight as he squeezed his cock through the small hole she made by bending her arms. Suddenly he climaxed as shot after shot of his semen disappeared in the thick hair of her hairy armpits.

Charlie returned from the bathroom with a towel around his waist. My curiosity about his cock came to a head at that moment, as I pushed my hand up beneath the towel and found what I was looking for. He was huge; I mean bigger than even I had thought I was having trouble getting my hand around it. I just had to see this for myself, so I pulled his towel away revealing a cock that was so thick it didn't surprise me that Carol was sore. At that point lust again took over I had to have it in me, but first I wanted to suck it again. Bending down I tried to insert his cock into my mouth, but I was struggling to do so. I did manage to get the head in, which I was content to start on. 

I licked and sucked his prick making him squirm with pleasure. Again I tried to get it further into my mouth, but it was no use, it was just too thick. The mere thought of this weapon entering my cunt, made me wetter than ever before. Laying me down, he positioned himself over me touching my hairy pussy with his rod. Oh my God, what a feeling, my pussy had never been stretched like this, and I couldn't have been wetter. It may not have been the longest cock in the world, but it was probably the thickest. 

I was having another orgasm already, as his cock stretched me to the limit. Then he started to fuck me fast, making me scream with the sensations his cock was giving me. I was coming again and again, his pumping action not slowing down in the slightest. My animal instincts seemed to take over, as I raised my legs into the air, wanting to make sure he could get in as far as possible. Feeling every inch as it penetrated my drenched pussy, I started to feel light-headed. I'd never before experienced multiple orgasms; he started to slow his pace moaning with pleasure. He was about to cum, when he did, he was considerate enough to pull out, and I quickly turned myself around positioning my mouth over his gorgeous cock. 

Just in time, a long stream of sperm hit the back of my throat making me gag a little. He shot another load before easing up to a trickle, swallowing his seed I sucked the end making sure he had finished. Harry was hard again and he indicated that he wanted to enter me from behind, which it turned out was his favorite position apart from fucking a woman in her hairy armpits. 

Once I had positioned myself, he wasted no time in placing his cock into my pussy. Again I was in heaven, his cock thrust forward making me moan out load, a distinct feeling of his manhood being deeper in this position than it was in the other. I grabbed the pillow tightly with both hands, needing something to hold onto. 

Coming again I shouted out "Fuck me, fuck me," he started to build up some speed, slapping his body against my ass as he thrust forward with the same lust I was feeling. The pillow I was gripping hold of was crumpled up into a ball; I was biting my lip in an attempt to take this onslaught to the very edge of ecstasy and beyond. I couldn't believe how wet I was; it was running down my legs and soaking the sheets. 

I'm not a screamer by nature, but I had never experienced anything as intense as this. The words that were escaping my mouth were sheer profanity; I wanted the world to know especially Harry that his cock was magnificent. He fucked me relentlessly, at one point I thought I would pass out, then he suddenly slowed down, pulling his cock out, and he started to cum again, shooting his load onto my back. I almost collapsed onto the bed, feeling completely drained of energy. 

He told me to come and meet him in the office in the morning. I thought I had succeeded and the job would be mine