 Pam looked up at him sternly. "Relax stud," she said. "I'm the one who's doing the sucking." She stuck out her tongue and touched it to the tip of the head just to keep him happy. His eyes were locked on her tongue. She couldn't deny his desire to have her mouth around the end of his cock any more than she could deny her own desire to feel the end of his cock touching the back of her mouth and the shaft sliding between her lips.

She lifted the shaft to examine his balls. When she saw the plump, round orbs hanging loosely in the rugged looking sack, she instantly decided she had to have them in her mouth as well. She craned her neck out to reach them, lifted one with her tongue and popped it into her mouth, letting the shaft of his cock rest along the bridge of her nose and across her cheek.

"Oh my God," Al gasped, just as Pam sucked his other testicle into her warm, wet mouth. She was rolling them around in her mouth and sucking them like lemon drops and he was afraid to move or touch her out of fear that if he did they might be damaged in some way by her teeth if she accidentally bit them. He had to admit to himself, however, how incredibly good it felt. He could only remember one time back in high school when a girl, a cheerleader he recalled, sucked his balls like this. It had been so long he had almost forgotten about it completely.

The memory of the girl, on the other hand, was not so easy to forget. He smiled to himself as he thought back fondly on the three or four times he screwed her and how she had done things with him no girl had ever done before or since. That is, he thought as he looked down at Pam, until he met this girl. She was a great looking girl, probably better looking than any girl he had ever known and she definitely had the hottest body he had ever known. She certainly knew how to suck a guy's balls. He couldn't wait to find how well she sucked his cock. She opened her eyes and looked up at him. The corners of her mouth curled up in a playful smile and she sucked his balls extra hard. He gasped in surprise and for a moment wondered what other kinds of things she knew how to do.

Pam let his balls slip from her mouth, turned her head to the side and salaciously licked the bottom of his shaft all the way up to the head. She was pleased to hear him groan in response. She wanted to tease him for a bit before she started sucking him off. She let the head rest on her lower lip and teased it with her tongue. She poked the very tip of her tongue into the tiny slit at the end of his cock then swirled it around on the skin of the head. She held it playfully between her white teeth, which got his attention, then closed her lips around it to suck on it as hard as she could.

"Oh man," Al exclaimed.

Pam let the cock slide into her mouth on her tongue alone until it touched the back of her mouth, then closed her lips tightly around the shaft, sucked in her cheeks and pulled her head back, drawing his cock back out of her mouth until the head was between her lips again. Al's head rolled back and the only sounds that came out of his mouth were a quiet gurgling.

Pam was very excited. It had been a long time since she had sucked a guy this big. The last time of course was when she blew her brother. She had taken him down her throat then and she was going to do the same for Al. She knew it was going to blow his mind. She licked the head, swallowed, took a deep breath and started. She took the head all the way to the back of her mouth just like before but this time she kept it there and worked it down the opening of her throat.

Al was looking down at her, puzzled, wondering what the hell she was trying to do. Suddenly he felt the most exquisite sensation and he realized she was deep throating him.

"Oh my Lord," Al moaned. He placed his hands on top of her head and pumped his hips back and forth like he was fucking her face. Pam delighted in this action. She didn't have to move her head back and forth, which was difficult in the position she was in at the moment, and she could enjoy the feeling of his cock sliding back and forth in her throat.

She felt Donna shifting on top of her and wondered what was going on. Donna's pussy juices had been dripping on her shoulder blades since the guys had arrived. She could feel it running down her spine with the sweat of their bodies. She felt a pair of strong hands on her ass and realized what was happening. George was going to fuck her. She hadn't had a chance to see how his cock looked. She hoped it was big.

His hand reached between her legs and his fingers pulled her cunt open and he rubbed his cock along her slit. She tried to spread her legs as wide as she could with Donna on top of her and, although it wasn't much, it seemed to be enough. She still had Al's cock in her mouth and decided to let him have it back so he could put it in Donna in case she wanted it. She opened her mouth and tilted her head back as far as she could, which wasn't much, but he didn't seem to want to take it out right then. George had his hands on her ass and wasn't able to move backward any farther. Al pushed his hips forward to keep his long cock all the way down her throat. There wasn't anything she could do. If he wanted to continue to fuck her throat she was completely happy to let him.

From her very intimate position over Pam's ass, Donna watched George get himself into place between Pam's legs and work the head of his cock into the lips of her pussy. He shoved forward and from the other end of the bed Donna heard a muffled squeal as he penetrated her.

Pam's eyes were wide open. It was big. Intense surges of erotic passion shot from her cunt all through her body. Her breasts shook with his thrusts and her ass quivered. He was extremely physical when he made love, and Pam remembered Donna telling her this some time ago. He squeezed Pam's narrow waist with one hand and reached up to pull her hair with his other hand, like a rider pulling the reins of a horse. That was ordinarily ok, but she had a thick, hard penis lodged in her throat and she was unable to move her head much. On top of that, he was jamming his hips forward, which smashed her nose and face into the hard muscles of Al's belly, made his balls slap against her chin and forced his cock deeper yet into her throat. She had to admit, it was a wild experience.

Donna realized that Al wasn't paying attention to her the way he should. Pam was already getting fucked, but Al still had his cock in Pam's mouth, not in her cunt, as he should have by then.

"Hey Al," Donna said, looking back at him over her shoulder. Her long, black, wet hair hung over her eyes. "Give me a little work right here." She raised her ass to show him right where she wanted him to stick his cock.

Licking his lips at the sight of her luscious, round ass and the juicy lips of Donna's pussy, Al quickly yanked his cock from Pam's mouth, leaving her gasping with her mouth hanging open.

Pam coughed and wiped the drool from her mouth with the back of her hand. Al was climbing over her to line his dick up with Donna's hole. She dropped her head to the bed to keep from getting it smashed by his legs. Right behind her head she could hear Donna's cunt slurping noisily and farther back she could hear Donna groaning in ecstasy. The weight on top of her increased with Al's body on top of Donna's, but he certainly wasn't laying on top of them. He would have crushed them if he was.

George was pushing Pam toward a great orgasm and she was enjoying every moment of it. Her passion hovered right on the edge of a fast and furious climax. She began to cum when he suddenly pulled out.

"Hey Pam," George said, and slapped her ass. "Do you mind if I stick it in this hole?"

"Ow," Pam said. The pain startled her, then she felt the stinging on her left cheek where his hand had smacked her. She tried to look back at her ass but couldn't see past Donna and Al.

"I hope you'd do nothing less for me," Pam said. She wiggled her ass enticingly at him. Just the thought of him fucking her like that made her knees weak. She stayed very still and let him do to her whatever he wanted. She felt him spread her ass cheeks apart a little too wide, causing her some pain. Then she felt the head of his cock against her tight asshole and she knew this was going to hurt. He only had the juices from her cunt to lubricate his cock. She didn't want to stop him but she hoped he was going to be gentle. He began to push and she gritted her teeth together and winced in pain. Her hands clenched the sheets in her tight fists.

Donna's eyes were wide open as she watched George's huge cock sliding in Pam's ass. She could hardly believe what she was seeing. She had only heard about people doing things like this. She didn't believe people actually did it, yet here it was right in front of her and it was two people she knew very well. The idea of getting screwed in her ass made her skin tingle. She wondered what Pam was feeling.

Donna was laying on the bed, just off Pam's lower half. Her own lower half was still draped over Pam's shoulders and Al was on top of them both now, pumping away at her cunt. Donna kissed Pam's ass, then tilted her head up and licked George's groin just below his belly button. George had sunk more than half of his shaft into Pam's ass and she could hear her friend squealing behind her, but whether it was pain or joy she unsure.

"Oh God oh God," Al was moaning just above her and Donna knew he was going to cum. She had already cum three times today, once in the tub and twice more on this bed with Pam's tongue between her pussy lips. One more time with Al's thick cock in her cunt would make her whole day. Her orgasm caught her off guard. Her mind exploded when she felt Al's cum squirting inside her. She screamed.

Pam knew her roommate was coming from the way she screamed. It wasn't the scream of a woman frightened by a horror movie or of a girl who was teasing the boys with her other friends on the playground. It was the scream of a woman who was experiencing a sexual climax, the scream of a woman whose cunt was being screwed by the large cock of a large man. Pam had heard Donna's distinctive scream before, but in the last few hours she had come to know it intimately.

"I'm gonna cum," George announced, as if he wanted them all to be prepared for it. His cock was deep in Pam's ass and he was pumping hard.

"Wait," Pam grunted. "Shoot your stuff on my ass." It was a decision she made right at the moment, but she wasn't sure if he had heard her. She wanted to see his sticky cum on her ass and she wanted to touch it. She was breathing hard and her teeth were clenched together, making it hard for her speak. She was practically swimming in the combination of the sharp pain from her behind mixed with the intense pleasure from the orgasm building inside her.

Pam was relieved when George yanked his cock out and the next thing she felt was his cum splattering on her ass and she shrieked and came, her body twitching convulsively. She nearly blacked out from the exquisite intensity of it all. Stars shot like rockets in her eyes, even though her eyelids were squeezed shut. Deep, aching waves of ecstasy rolled through her body again and again from the center of her being. It felt too good to let go of it so soon and she felt that wave of anxiety and depression when it faded.

She tried to hold on to it even while Al and Donna were lifting themselves off her but it faded to merely a memory and she was left panting and sweating on her spot on the bed. It would not be long before she searched for those sensations from her body again and found herself intimately naked with another handsome man and pulling him to force his erection deeper into her vagina in the hopes that one day the feelings wouldn't fade and she could soak in them for as long as she wished.

Finally she peeled open her eyes and looked around. They were all looking at her. Donna looked concerned, while the guys looked amused.

"Are you ok?" Donna asked. She was afraid that she might have been hurt somehow when George was jamming her delicate rear end with his enormous tool. She remembered looking at Pam's pussy and thinking how fragile it appeared.

"Could you get a mirror for me, please?" Pam said. George handed the hand mirror to Donna and Donna handed it to Pam. Pam held it up so she could look into it and see the reflection of her ass over her shoulder and closely examine the sperm on her skin. The thick, creamy white, pearly drops looked so nice running down her firm, sweaty cheeks. On her right cheek was a large, wet spot of saliva where Donna had been licking and kissing her.

She sighed and looked at Donna with a satisfied smile. It had been great fun getting to know her friend in such a carnal way.