 I showered and got ready for my evening at Charlie’s. I washed my underarms with a very soft shampoo trying to get the coarse and unruly tufts in my bushy armpits a softer look. I must admit that my armpit hair was harder and very coarse and would be quite different from the more softer hair of Harry’s other women. I tried combing the long bushy in my armpits to make it look more even and I massaged it a little with oil to give it a more gleaming look. My pubes too had grown in and was as wild and unruly as my bushy pits. I hoped Harry would like my hairy look. I tried several dresses and I thought the only ay was to wear a sleeveless gown so that Harry would notice my bushy armpits. 

It was very unusual for me as I left my apartment I had worn the sleeveless dress but I kept my arms pressed down so that my unshaven underarms would not be in view. However I had trouble waving down a cab. As I lifted my arms I saw a few men and women staring at the bushy hair in my unshaven pits. It was very embarrassing and I quickly put my hand down. To my mercy a cab slowed down and stopped and I hopped in and went to Charlie’s place.

Harry and Carol were already there. I raised my arm to wave at Harry and showed him boldly my unshaven pits. He raised his eyebrows as he gazed at my full underarm hair. It was gleaming and I raised my other arm too to push back an imaginary lock of hair from my face. Carol had not noticed me as she was talking to Charlie and Harry briskly walked towards me and kissed me on my cheek.

It was a good beginning and my shyness at showing my bushy underarms slowly evaporated. I took a drink and started to flirt with Harry. Though he was in his fifties Harry Potter looked very distinguished. “Harry you are looking handsome as always” I said. He replied “and you are looking very different dear” I knew he was referring to my bushy armpits and I was sure I had scored a point.

I dragged him out in the balcony and stood there with my arms locked behind my head. If he had to fall for the bait it was now. He looked straight at my bushy armpits and lowered his mouth straight into my underarms. I almost jumped with joy as his tongue touched the coarse hair in my furry armpits “You have lovely armpits dear” he said as he licked the long bristly hair in my underarms.

"Now it's my turn to pleasure you,” I said. "Look at that poor thing I said as I unbuckled his belt and pulled his jeans free. Then I took off his briefs and let his cock hit me in her face. Kneeling down by his dick, I caressed it and stroked it. "How big is it? I asked incredulously?" 

"10 long thick inches which I will shove first in your mouth and hen your unshaven armpits. I love fucking a woman in her bushy armpits" he answered proudly. 

"10 inches of cock" I said happily taking it in my palm and kissing it. I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock marveling at the fact that it was so thick that my hand could not even go around it. The I licked the sides slowly then building up a frantic licking and sucking pace all around the sides of the giant cock in my hand. "Aaaaahhhhh that's it you horny hairy bitch, suck me,” he said catching me roughly by my armpit hair and shoving his cock down her throat. 

I gagged at first then slowly adjusted myself to his cock, sucking and nibbling and then sucking again. I kept on and on devouring him hungrily until he wasn't able to hold on any longer. "Fuck you horny hairy slut I’m gone fuck your mouth with gigantic cock" he said. 

I decided to undress there in the balcony itself. I looked back and saw that Carol was engrossed in conversation with Charlie and though I knew I had Harry’s undivided attention I did not want any diversion. God bless Charlie he was taking care of Carol. I thought I saw that Carol had spotted us and she was not taking to kindly to what was happening outside. I had Harry’s pecker stuffed in my mouth while he had his eyes closed and was fucking my mouth with his hard penis his hands in my matted coarse underarm hair. 

Within minutes Carol stood up and kissed Charlie. I watched as she expertly slipped out of her dress, stepping out of it and leaving it on the floor, her body a beautiful tanned and voluptuous sculpture that even god would be proud to see. The bulge appearing in Charlie’s pants was becoming more than evident, as she removed her bra, allowing her ample breasts to bob up and down slightly as they were freed. It was then that I saw her unshaven pits. No wonder Harry was enamored by it. It was long and very thick and jet-black and her beautiful armpit hair was her crowning glory. It looked as thick as the hair on her head and I could clearly see the masses of jet-black hair in her unshaven pits. Even from the distance I could see that she had a heavy pelt of bushy hair in her untrimmed armpits.

Stepping up closer to him, she reached for his pants, first unbuckling them, then unzipping his fly, and pulling them down. His cock craved attention as she stood back up; Carol ran her hand over the bulge. Even though her arms were pressed down lots of hair was peeping out of her bushy armpits. I was no competition for her but then she was in my way to being promoted. It was the shaved Jennifer who I had to deal with.

I could see that his cock pulsed, as he felt her hand surround it, then jerked once again as she suddenly pulled his briefs down. His cock was in proportion to the rest of him, she estimated at least eleven inches long, as she slowly rubbed her hands over the full length. Licking her lips she looked down to view what she now held, and couldn’t believe what she was seeing. It wasn’t just big in length; it was also fairly thick in circumference. 

She got to her knees, taking Charlie by surprise, then ran her tongue around the ridge of his cock. I too was on my knees with Harry’s big prick in my mouth and we were doing precisely the same things blowing their big cocks. The only difference was the shaggy hair in her underarms, which were almost twice the amount, then the coarse hair in my furry pits.

Harry turned and saw them. First I saw a flash of anger but then he realized that he too was being blown so he winked at her. He was watching every move, his face a picture of sheer bliss as she attempted to take Charlie into her mouth. Her hot breath surrounded his tool, as she managed at least six inches into the back of her throat. 

“Oh god, oh my god, that feels so good,” Harry said, closing his eyes. Was he referring to Carol sucking Charlie’s mammoth tool or my sucking his engorged prick I did not know but I solidly plied on my mouth stuffing the entire length of his shaft. 

Carol brought her hands up, holding onto Charlie’s cock, her tongue seemed to be all over it, as she thrust her head back and forth. Then taking one hand away she played with his ball sack, turning him on even more. 

Something happened to me at this point, which had never happened before I started to cum I recognized the fact that he was about to ejaculate. Holding his cock with both hands again, I moved them in time with her mouth, and then felt the sudden surge. 

He came with such a force that she choked as it hit the back of my throat as I saw Charlie to sending his semen into Carol’s mouth. She rallied valiantly to take the load without a murmur. I did not mind as Harry flooded my mouth. With luck the job would be mine