 If you're not familiar with my wife Brandi she fits easily into the hot wife category. She's 5' 9" tall with 36d gummy bear implants that look and feel spectacular. Her pink silver dollar sized nipples protrude a half inch when she's aroused. With a tight peach of an ass, all over tan, killer legs and pouty cock sucker lips and long brown hair she resembles the porn star Lisa Ann only hotter. She's a sexual dynamo and I can barely keep up with her. When she goes out she wears sexy mini-dresses without a bra and 5" stilletos. She knows how to shake her ass when she walks and it's fun to lay back and watch guys fall all over themselves to get a better look at her. 

We love to play the pick-up game as we call it. Brandi will get all dressed up in her sexiest outfits and go to a local bar where she'll sit and wait for me to come and pick her up. We also swing and it's a real turn on watching her fuck and suck other guys and girls.

My secretary wore an extremely sexy outfit and was getting me turned on so I call Brandi and told her to dress slutty and meet me at a local hotel bar for drinks after work. 

"Monica torturing you again? Brandi laughed knowingly. She said she had a new outfit that'll do the trick.

I was late as usual when I got there and I couldn't find her. I sat at the bar and ordered a drink wondering where she was. Just thinking she had got picked up already and was fucking some guy in his room got me hard. After awhile I spotted her on the dance floor with an older man in a suit. 

My eyes almost popped out of my head. My hot wife was wearing an white micro mini dress that barely covered her ass, 5" stilettos that showed of her beautiful tanned legs and the top was v-cut down to her bellybutton and barely covered her nipples exposing both cleavage and side boobage. It was dark in there but I was certain I could see her nipples through the thin fabric when the lights hit her just right. 

She was really showing off with some of her best dance moves. She'd turn and shake her ass at the guy all the while seductively starring him in the eye with a "You know you want to tap this ass" look.

When the dance ended the guy patted her ass gently as Brandi gave him a thank-you peck on the cheek before they headed to a booth where two other guys eagerly waited. 

They toasted and downed a couple of shots and it appeared liberties were being taken under the table by everyone. They were all having a good old time. 

One of the other men in his forties grabbed her and pulled her to the dance floor when a slow song came on. He pulled her close and ran his hand inside her dress. His hand on her bare ass clearly visible as rubbed it while he ground his cock into her. 

When the song ended Brandi reached up and kissed him gently on the lips before they returned to the table. After a few more shots at the encouragement of the guys Brandi grabbed the parts of her dress covering her nipples and pulled them to the side her making her tits bounce free. Her lovely tits were now exposed to the appreciative men. She teasingly shook them for them for the guys as they hastily copped a feel. 

The guy closest to her reached down and sucked on one of her nipples as the other two tried the best they could to feel up the other one. 

It wasn't long before the manager came and told her to cover up. 

They all acted like kids getting their hand caught in the cookie jar. One of the men slipped the manager some cash as Brandi repositioned her tits back in her dress.

I couldn't believe how hard my dick had gotten watching my sexy wife tease the shit out of these guys. It took all my will power to keep from rubbing it through my pants.

Having put her tits away as ordered Brandi reached into her purse, pulled out her phone and called me. She wanted to know where I was and when I told her enjoying the show she looked puzzled as she scanned the bar until she finally saw me. She came running to me and gave me a big kiss. "Fantasy time" she said in a Russian accent. "I'm so fucking horny right now. Can I fuck all three of them?" she panted. She reached for my dick and felt how hard it was. "Ohhh, I'll take that as a yes." She smiled. "Well, if you liked the show so far wait till you see the next act. Come and meet the guys I'm gonna fuck tonight while you watch" As she led me to the booth she informed me she's Russian for the night and her name is Sasha. 

At the booth she introduced me to Dan the youngest, Mike and Fred the older guy. They were in town on business and couldn't believe their luck hooking up with such a hot party girl. 

After a bit of small talk and a few more drinks Brandi finally burst out "I need to get fucked?" She gets very forward after a few drinks and she was way past that point.

They all looked at me for my reaction and when I said lets do this they fell all over themselves getting out of the booth. 

We all headed to the elevator and once inside Brandi backed up into Dan and was grinding her ass into his cock. He pulled her top to the side exposing her tits again then proceeded to rub and pull on her nipples. 

Mike started to kiss her as Fred rubbed her clit through her dress. 

"Your wife's smoking hot are you sure you're cool with this?" Mike asked. "Oh yeah" was my reply. "You're not the first out of towner's she seduced."

When we reached the floor Brandi stepped out of her dress as she gave me an appreciative wink. Brandi had hands all over her as she walked naked to the room. 

We passed a couple of guys headed out and their eyes almost popped out of their heads. I heard them say maybe they should join our party.

When we got to the room Brandi started to undo Mikes pants telling him he's been teasing her with this thing all night and now she was going to see it. 

Dan and Fred sat me down in a chair and started tying me to it with their neck ties. They apologized saying they needed to do this for they're own piece of mind and how they wanted to make sure I wasn't going to freak out. 

Brandi knelt in front of Mike and pulled out his hard 5" cock sexily purring she squeezed and played with it before she started sucking on it. She's a first class cock sucker and she was really working his cock over with her mouth. She stopped long enough to order the guys to get naked.

Dan and Fred finished restraining me before hastily undressing as they watched her assault on Mike's cock. They were making crude comments and urging her on which seemed to turn her on more. 

She furiously bobbed up and down on Mikes cock as she squeezed and tugged on his balls.

"Russian bitch sure knows how to suck a cock. Can't wait to fill that commie cunt with my dick." Dan said.

Once they were naked they joined the party. "Our turn" they said as they pulled her off Mike's cock with a pop and over to the bed. 

As Mike undressed Dan got between her legs and started eating her out while Fred knelt by her face and positioned his cock at her mouth. He slapped his hardening cock on her face until she opened her mouth so he could insert it. 

Dan said he wanted to taste Russian pussy before it got destroyed. He sucked, licked and slapped her pussy as he slowly inserted his finger into her pussy and began finger fucking her. Soon he inserted a second finger into the squirming Brandi. 

Fred pulled, kneaded and pinched her tits and nipples as she sucked his smallish cock. Noticing how erect her nipples were he pulled and stretched one really far making Brandi let out a pained whimper. "Look at the nipples on this bitch, she's loving this." He boasted.

Brandi moaned, squirmed and bucked enjoying Dans oral assault on her pussy as she sucked Fred's cock. 

You're in for a treat Mike said to Fred. "She can suck the chrome off a bumper" they all laughed. When he was naked Mike pulled Dan away and said it was his turn. He eagerly grabbed her legs and pulled her over to the edge of the bed where he stood and flung her legs over his shoulders. 

Fred's dick never came out of her mouth. 

Mike positioned his cock at the opening of her pussy and rubbed it around in her juices then he slammed it all the way in with one thrust. "Bitch wants it bad, I've never felt such a wet pussy." he exclaimed.

Brandi releasing Freds cock from her mouth let out a low moan as she looked up lustfully at Mike as he fucked her. "Thats it baby fuck my Russian pussy, fuck me, fuck me, give it to me, yes, yes, yes." she gasp between thrusts. "Oh God, it feels so good."

Fred pushed her face back to his cock and ordered her to get back to work on his cock as he shoved it back into her mouth.

Brandi more turned on than ever eagerly obliged. Her moans of pleasure now muffled by Freds cock echoed through the room.

Mike continued to fuck her so frantically that sometimes Fred's dick would pop out of her mouth but he would shove it right back in. 

Her tits flailed wildly from Mikes pounding until Dan began sucking on them. "Dont tear that pussy up, save some for us" Dan said as he pinched and pulled on her tits and nipples. He would stop sucking on her tits and slap them making them bounce then laugh when she'd yelp. Growing tired of playing with her tits Dan wanted in on the action and getting up he told Mike it was his turn at the Russian sluts cunt.

With that Mike pulled out and Dan roughly spun Brandi around and lifted her ass in the air as he pushed her face to the mattress. Smacking her ass hard making Brandi yelp again he ordered her to keep that Russian ass in the air. Grabbing her hips he slid his 6"cock into her waiting pussy. "Goddamn bitch has a fine pussy" he exclaimed as he began slowly fucking her doggie style. "You weren't lying she's wet as hell." 

Mike saying he wanted some more of her fine mouth slid under her so she could suck his cock while Dan fucked her. 

Dan grabbed her hips and began thrusting into her harder and faster and it wasn't long before he exploded in her pussy with a loud groan. "Take all my American cum you Russian slut" he barked as he pulled her back unto his cock as hard as he could. Dan held her tight until he caught his breath then pulled his shrinking dick out of her pussy and was replaced by Fred. 

Fred easily slid his smaller cock all the way into her then grabbed her tits using them as leverage to pull her deeper. 

Brandi let out muffled moans of pleasure as she sucked on Mike cock. Occasionally she'd release his cock from her mouth so she could encourage Fred on. "Thats it, right there, right there yes, yes, oh God yeeeeessss" she finally screamed out in orgasm.  

"Damn she almost squeezed my dick in half" Fred said in amazement. Fred picked up the pace of his fucking causing Brandi's tits to flail about as they dangled and it wasnt long before he added his load to Dans with a low groan. He pumped quite a load into her and groaned wth each pump.

"Thats it baby, fill me up, oooo yeah feels so good" Brandi coaxed him on.

Exhausted Fred pulled out and looking at me "Thats one fine piece of ass you have there." he proclaimed.

Mike grabbing Brandis head forced her back onto his cock saying it was his turn to cum.

Cum leaked from her pussy as Brandi expertly worked her mouth up and down on Mikes cock as she tugged and pulled on his balls. Releasing his cock from her mouth she licked up and down the shaft as she jacked him off. Looking at me she smiled sexily with a quizzical look wondering if I was enjoying her performance.

I gave her a wink and an enthusiastic nod. 

This encouraged her even more and she went back to fucking Mikes cock with her mouth. She'd deep throat him then when his pubs were tickling her nose she'd shake her head rapidly making Mike moan in ecstasy.

"Goddamn bitch can suck a cock" He decreed before his ass lifted off the bed as he pumped his load into Brandis mouth. He held her head firmly on his cock as he emptied his load. 

"Take it all bitch, swallow that American cum, you know you want it" Dan barked as he smacked her ass hard leaving a red mark.

When Mike was finished cumming he released his grip on her. 

Smiling broadly Brandi opened her mouth showing the guys her cum filled mouth.

Dan grabbing her by the hair told her she'd better swallow it all if she knew what was good for her. 

Brandi readily obliged then opened her mouth again showing the guys she'd done what she was told to do.

"Goddamn, my wife barely sucks my cock let a lone let me cum in her mouth" Fred said in awe. "You're one lucky man" he said to me.

Dan grabbing her forcefully pushed her face to his limp dick. "Get me hard again bitch I want to fill that commie ass" he barked. 

Brandi did her magic on Dan cock and as he slowly began to get hard he pulled his cock out of her mouth and rested it on her face. His balls were directly in front of her mouth and he ordered her to suck them. 

Brandi licked and flicked his balls before inserting them into her mouth and swishing them around. With them firmly in her mouth she'd pull back stretching them as far as she could before Dan would stop her. 

"Careful honey they're attached. We should take her golfing she can be our ball cleaner" he laughed before pushing his cock back into her mouth. Grabbing her face he forcible face fucked Brandi making her gurgle and gag. He would laugh at some of her more pained gags as he slapped at her face. When he was hard again he pulled her to the floor spun her around and pushed her legs apart. He forced her face to the bed as he grabbed his dick and worked it around her pussy picking up as much of the leaking juices he could before placing it at the entrance to her ass. He rubbed it around trying to loosen her up a bit before inserting it. 

Brandi lifted her head off the bed letting out low pained moans as more and more of his cock violated her ass. She likes ass play so this was only temporary until she got used to it. 

Dan fucked her ass while he pinched and pulled on her nipples. "Never thought I'd fuck a commie ass" Dan shouted as he pulled back on Brandis hair. "You like this? You like your Russian ass being fucked by an American cock? Do ya?" He snapped. When she didn't answer he smacked her ass again. "Well?"

"Yes, God yes, I love your American dick in my Russian ass. Fuck my Russian ass, fuck it, please I need it, fuck my ass, fuck my Russian ass" Brandi lustfully pleaded.

Dan clearly pleased with himself grabbed her hips and picked up the pace of his fucking. He stopped pumping after a bit and spanking her ass again ordered Brandi to fuck him.

Brandi yelped then began to thrust back onto his cock. She did all the work as Dan stood there mesmerized by his cock as it went in and out of her.

"This commie bitch is made for sex" Dan proclaimed. "I wonder if all Russian bitches are like this in bed?"

Brandi just smiled and said "Not all of us." Then she winked at me.

Mike knelt in front of her and pulled her face to his limp cock making her suck it.

Fred had been slowly jacking himself off and now hard again and not wanting to be left out suggested they fill all three holes.

They pulled Brandi onto the bed. Calling "Pussy" Fred laid down with his cock in the air as Brandi sexily straddled him and reaching behind her guided his cock into her. She rode him cowboy style sexily grinding into him as he played with her tits. She started really thrusting into him but was stopped when Dan pushed her down and re-entered her ass. 

It didn't take long for them to get into a rhythm and Brandi was clearly enjoying the fucking she was getting. She moaned and pleaded with them to fuck her good.

Dan told Mike to stick his dick in her mouth to shut the commie slut up. Mike positioned himself so Brandi could easily suck his cock as the guys continued to fuck her.

My cock ached from the sight of my hot wife being serviced by three salesmen from Detroit. Her moans of pleasure had me on the brink as I squirmed to no avail trying to get a little bit of friction on my dick to help me cum.

Soon Dan announced he was cumming and exploded filling Brandis ass with his cum. 

Brandi released Mike cock from her mouth and went back to fucking Fred cowboy style. She rode him hard her big tits bouncing with each thrust she threw into him. She ordered Mike to bring his cock to her.

Mike positioned himself so she could suck him as she rode Fred cock. 

Soon Fred exploded filling Brandis pussy again with his load. 

This sent Brandi into another wild orgasm as she feverishly sucked Mikes cock.

Soon Mike pulled out and holding Brandi's head in position jacked himself off until he exploded. 

She eagerly opened her mouth as Mike shot his load all over her face and tits with some even making it into her mouth.

They all collapsed in the bed exhausted except for Brandi, she wanted more. 

She seductively approached me like a sex charged tiger sitting in my lap passionately kissing me while pushing some cum into my mouth. "Enjoy the show honey?" she quizzed as she rubbed my hard cock through my pants. It was hard for so long that it ached. "Mmmm you need relief don't you?" She teased. She started to unzip my pants and almost had my dick in her hand when Dan grabbed her and pulled her back onto the bed.

"Oh, no you don't he wants to watch you get fucked tonight, not be fucked." Dan snapped. 

"I'm exhausted, best piece of ass I've ever had" Mike said.

"Yeah I'm all fucked out" Fred said. "Bitch wore my ass out."

"Your dicks are all limp" Brandi chided to a not to pleased Dan. 

"Well, take care of that bitch" He said pushing her head down to his cock. 

She started sucking on it and after a minute gave up when nothing happened. "Well, who's going to fuck me?" Brandi demanded. 

"Damn fucking Russian fuck machine, no wonder you wanted us to fuck her for you, there's no pleasing this commie slut." Dan barked. With that Dan went to the phone a called a guy named Tyrone. He told him to come down to Fred's room they had something for him. He had to do some smooth talking since it was late. 

Brandi nervously laid between Fred and Mike playing with their limp cocks as they played with her tits while they waited. In about about ten minutes there was a knock at the door. 

Tyrone, a big burly black guy wearing a robe entered. His eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw Brandi naked lying on the bed between Mike and Fred as they rubbed her tits. Then he looked over and saw me tied to the chair. "What the fuck are you guys up too?" he asked. 

"We have a surprise for you" Dan said as he ordered Brandi to take care of their friend. "You're never gonna get a bonus like this my friend." 

Brandi seductively approached the hesitant Tyrone and reaching up on her tip toes started kissing on his neck and rubbing his cock through his robe as she purred "It's okay, relax, I want you to fuck me with that big black cock of yours" Soon any resistance Tyrone felt melted away. Brandi put his hand on her tit and told him to squeeze. 

Seeing this large mans hands envelop Brandis big firm tits was almost more than I could take.

"This bitch is going to kill you Tyrone" Mike said. "Never fucked anything like her. She's insatiable"

"Best piece of ass I've ever had." Fred added.

Brandi eagerly untied Tyrones robe and unveiled his growing monster cock. "What have we got here?" Brandi coyly asked. "Is this for me?" Grabbing it she teasingly shook it at the guys, "Now thats a cock." 

It had to be at least ten inches long semi erect. Brandi purred sexily as she started playing with it before pulling him to the couch. She sat down and pulled Tyrone close to her. Gripping his growing shaft with her hand she sexily licked and blew on the bulbous head before inserting it into her mouth. Brandi continued to purr her approval as she worked her magic on her new play thing. It wasn't long before the entire shaft was down her throat. Brandi raised her arms in triumph with his dick buried in her mouth.
