 "They tied Sylvia to a rack," the soft voiced girl said, not looking up from her work with the boots. "They spanked her for over an hour." The girls glanced at each other. Pam saw them share some secret when a demure smile passed between them.

"She'll be black and blue for a week," the dark haired girl said. She was sitting on the edge of the end of the tub with her feet in the water. "I was." They giggled.

Pam was embarrassed. She knew then that she was in no danger at all. She had merely succumbed to the illusion they had created, a spell from which she had tried to shake Christine.

Christine. Pam had forgotten about that poor girl. If they had done such crazy things to herself and Sylvia, what could they possibly be doing to her, a virgin? It was almost too frightening to think about. Christine was probably getting fucked in ways she had never imagined.

The blonde girl leaned back on her haunches, her hands on her thighs. Pam was completely naked. "You can get in the tub, now," she said, smiling at Pam. She held Pam's hand to help her up. Pam's legs were still wobbly.

"Sit back right here," the dark haired girl said, patting the insides of her spread thighs. Pam stared at the soft, warm, inviting area between her legs. She would be more than happy to lay her head there and feel her thighs on both sides of her.

The soft voiced girl transferred Pam's hands to the dark haired girl and Pam held tight to steady herself as she lifted her foot and placed it into the steaming water. The warmth quickly spread through her whole body, and she sighed, her face lit by a glowing smile. Pam lowered herself into the soothing water and sat back between the dark haired girl's legs. Her shoulders fit inside her thighs. Her head rested against the girl's flat belly. She was warm like the water around her. Pam closed her eyes, luxuriating in the wonderful sensation. The girl put her hands on Pam's shoulders and gently massaged. Pam's eyes closed. Absently, she heard the door open and close, but paid little attention to it. By then she didn't care who came or went.

The dark haired girl softly hummed a simple tune, which Pam recognized, while she lathered up a bar of soap. Her soapy hands touched Pam's shoulders and washed out all the tension along with the layers of dirt that coated her skin, even if it was imagined. Her hands washed Pam's neck, then went down her front and cleaned her breasts, molding them lustfully and paying close attention to her nipples. Pam moaned, smiling. Few men knew how to touch a woman like another woman.

"Lean forward and I'll wash your back," she said. Her gentle voice resonated off the tiled walls.

Pam leaned forward and hugged her knees. The girl washed her back with her soapy hands like a masseuse. The sounds of the water and their breathing reverberated around them. She raised each of Pam's arms and washed them completely. She washed Pam's face, scrubbing off the paint, and made her sit on the other end of the tub so she could wash her lower body, her legs, and her feet.

Pam felt like a princess with all this special attention. The dark haired girl's hands felt wonderful on her body, even when she washed the sore area between her legs. She was turned on by the feel of her soapy hands stroking her thighs and calves. When the girl wasn't looking, Pam splashed her and laughed uproariously.

Pam returned to her spot between the girl's legs and let her wash her long, golden hair. She poured warm water over Pam's head and combed her hair back with her fingers. She lathered it with sweetly fragrant shampoo, slowly working it in with gentle scrubbing. It felt good enough to make Pam want to fall asleep.

The door opened again, breaking her trance. She opened her eyes. The soft voiced girl had returned with a tray of food. The smell of Pam aroused Pam from her drowsiness, reminding her how famished she was. The dark haired girl had to stop her from fidgeting while she tried to douse her hair with water.

"Sit still," she said, holding Pam's shoulder. "You'll have plenty of time to eat. Let me finish rinsing your hair."

"It smells delicious. What is it?" Pam licked her lips. She was eager to eat, no matter what they had made for her.

"Soup, a biscuit with honey, and a ham sandwich. Do you like milk?"

"Yes. Very much."

"Good," she said with a smile. Pam was still intrigued by her cute, girlish voice.

The dark haired girl had begun to comb Pam's long, wet hair straight back with slow, gentle strokes. The soft voiced girl set the tray neatly across the sides of the tub in front of Pam.

Pam regarded the soup with mild disdain. It was vegetable barley, definitely not her favorite, but she thought better than to complain. They might take it away. It wasn't so bad that she wouldn't be able to eat it, especially considering how hungry she was. She picked up the spoon and began to eat.

The girls glanced at each other with smiles as they watched her devour the meal like a refugee. They both felt sympathetic to her condition. Each of them had been through similar ordeals more than once since beginning their association with the sorority, and would gladly endure it again, as was their duty.

They also knew that Pam was probably the strongest of this newest group of girls, even though she was the youngest. They all expected she would complete the ritual successfully, and so designed for her the most rigorous ordeal. In fact, it was the most rigorous a pledge was to be put through that any of them could remember. Pam's part had barely started, and already she had been through more than most girls who succeeded.

Waiting in other rooms of the house were many men, all successful pledges to the sorority's counterpart the fraternity at Hoffman University. Not all of them could experience the singular pleasure of depriving Christine of her virginity, so they had to wait for the availability of the other girls. Most were in line for Pam.

Pam lifted the soup bowl to her lips and tilted her head back to drain the last drops of the soup. The biscuit, smothered in honey, followed, along with the sandwich and the glass of milk. With a big sigh, Pam wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and smiled at the soft voiced girl.

"What's your name?" Pam asked.

"Lori," she said in her girlish voice. She lifted the tray out of the tub and set it aside.

"I've been trying to remember since I heard your voice tonight," Pam said. She turned to look at the dark haired girl. "What's your's?"

"Diana."

"My name's Pam, but I guess you knew that," she said, laughing at her own joke. She was feeling invigorated. Bring on all those guys, she thought. I'll fuck them right, this time.

"Time to get out," Lori said, holding up a large, fluffy white towel.

Pam stepped out of the tub, dripping wet. She held her arms up and Lori wrapped the towel around her, padding her vigorously all over and rubbing her glowing skin dry. She lowered the towel, gazing into Pam's eyes. There was a look of lustful mischief in them. Lori bent forward at the waist and licked Pam's nipple. Pam gasped and a shiver ran down her spine.

"Oh. That was so nice," Pam moaned. She looked down at her breasts. Her nipples were perfectly stiff. Her right one had a trail of saliva over it. Her skin broke out in goose bumps.

Lori and Diana smiled at each other. Pam saw Diana, seated on the edge of the tub behind her, peeking around with a Mona Lisa like smile. Her hand glided up the inside of Pam's thigh. They appeared to have something in mind, something they had planned for a while.

Lori cupped Pam's breast in her left hand. Her thumb brushed lightly over the tip of the nipple. She tilted her head to the side, leaning closer to Pam with her lips open. Pam automatically tilted her head to the opposite side, closed her eyes, opened her mouth slightly, and waited for the pressure of Lori's lips. It reminded her of her first kiss, and she felt the same excitement.

Their lips touched hesitantly. Pam could feel Lori's warm breath on her skin. The soft smack of their lips and tongues echoed off the walls like they were in the Grand Canyon. Lori pressed her lips harder against Pam's, and squeezed her breast firmly. Her right hand cupped Pam's other breast.

Pam felt the tip of Lori's tongue glide across her lips. She stuck her tongue out and they met between their mouths, carefully examining each other like a pair of curious animals encountering each other for the first time. They both moaned softly in weak, breathy voices. Pam was breathing hard. Their heads switched to opposite sides and they kissed each other deeply. Pam put her hand on Lori's breast, feeling it through the bikini.

They ended their kiss and looked into each other's eyes. They were very close. The tips of their breasts were touching.

"Do you want to go back to the bed?" Lori asked.

"Ok," Pam said. Lori smiled. Diana stood up, took Pam's hand and led her back to the bedroom. Pam climbed onto the bed and laid on her back, waiting for the girls to join her. The sheets were fresh and clean. Pam giggled to herself, thinking of her Mom.

Lori and Diana stood beside the bed and stripped out of their bikinis. Pam squeezed her legs together while she watched. Her excitement made her squirm anxiously and made her pussy wet. She moved her hand down over her belly, parted her thighs, and rubbed the moist lips of her pussy.

Lori and Diana had beautiful bodies, very well maintained figures. It was a feature of the women of this sorority Pam had noticed before. They obviously only allowed beautiful people to take part in their illicit rituals. Was this the kind of organization she wanted to be a part of? She wasn't sure. They didn't strike her as being overtly evil people, just very sexual. She would need more time to get to know them.

Lori crawled over Pam on her hands and knees. Pam put her hands on her waist, just like she would with a guy who was just about to have sex with her, except that Lori had soft tits that felt good in her hands. Lori's hair hung straight down, obscuring her face. She lowered her body on top of Pam's and they resumed their kiss. Their lips came together and their tongues twisted together as their bodies pressed closer to each other. Pam's legs parted. Lori's pubic mound pressed against Pam's. She ground them together. Their tits were pressed flat against each other's. Pam put her arms around Lori and ran her fingers through her hair. She knew she wouldn't be able to resist anything the girls wanted to do to her.

Lori's magic fingers moved lightly over Pam's skin, around her tits, her navel, and her legs, igniting every area they touched. Pam kissed her deeply, stroking her back. Pam moaned. Her body squirmed with the anticipation of where Lori was headed.

Lori's hands moved between Pam's legs. She pressed her fingers against Pam's slit and moved them over her moist lips. They lightly stroked the insides of her cunt lips. Pam moaned again. Lori's fingers sent crazy sensations shooting through her body.

Lori's body moved down Pam's. Her tongue left a trail of saliva across her skin as if a snail was moving over her body. Pam's skin tingled with excitement. Lori licked Pam's nipples, moved down her flat stomach to her navel, then moved to the warm area between her legs. She was driving Pam wild with desire. Pam lifted her hips and groaned, practically begging Lori to do it to her.

Pam's arms were spread out to her sides like she was being prepared to be mounted to a crucifix. She was moaning and gasping, barely aware of her surroundings. Her eyes were shut, her pelvis humped spasmodically. Her legs trembled and her parted lips quivered.

Lori kissed Pam's soft bush, then again down on the inside of her thigh as she spread her legs for her. Pam's back arched up off the bed. Lori ran the tip of her tongue along the length of Pam's slit. As the tongue flicked lightly over her heard clitoris, Pam felt like she was being released inside. Lori gently parted her lips and pushed it inside her anxious hole.

The instant she felt her tongue inside her, Pam's whole world exploded in a flash of heat and light from within. She had one orgasm on top of another. She thought she might never stop coming, and That was an ordeal she would gladly endure.

Lori lapped up the juices that leaked from Pam's hole like a cat drinking from a saucer of milk, and Diana joined them on the bed.

She crawled up over Pam, spread her legs, and straddled Pam's face. Pam looked up at the dark bush and the pink, wet lips only inches from her mouth. The fine, dark hair was as soft as down feathers when it brushed against her skin. Pam stuck out her tongue and licked the lips. The musky flavor of her pussy filled her mouth.

Diana moaned. Pam put her arms around Diana's legs and pulled her down to her face heavily, leaving herself little room to breathe. She poked her tongue deep between Diana's pussy lips.

"Oh, damn," Diana groaned. She moved her hips around, smearing Pam's face with her pussy juices. Pam licked harder, pushing her tongue deeper, until she felt a warm, thick fluid coat her tongue. She knew Diana had cum. Lori was busy licking Pam's pussy and thighs. Pam was eager for the chance to lick Lori's sweet pussy in return.

The hot breakfast was just what Christine needed. She drained the glass of orange juice and set the empty glass on the tray with the other empty dishes. It had been a long time since she had an omelette as good as the one Kay brought her.

She laid back and stretched. Her long wet hair was beginning to dry. The bath felt tremendous. Her skin glowed all over. The feel of Kay's hands all over her body had been a sensation to remember. She felt much more at ease with her nudity than she ever thought she would. Every doubt she ever had about her looks or her body had been erased. She knew now she was beautiful, as beautiful as any of the girls she saw here.

The room was quiet again. The rustle of the sheets seemed loud, until Kay came into the room. Her beautiful red hair and her breasts bounced in rhythm as she walked. Christine smiled at her. Kay smiled back. Christine didn't even feel ashamed to be seen naked by someone she hardly knew.

Kay sat on the edge of the bed.

"What time is it?" Christine asked, stretching her arms over her head.

"Don't concern yourself with the time. Just feel free to enjoy yourself."

"What's going to happen next?"

Kay thought for a moment and smiled at something. "I think you're going to like what's coming up."

"What?"

"I can't tell you that. You'll just have to wait and find out." She was shaking a bottle of nail polish. Kay showed it to Christine. "Do you like this color?"

Christine recognized it as one she often used. "Yes. Are you going to put it on?"

"Yes."

Christine sat up, propped up some pillows she could sit back against, folded up her knees, and held out her hand with her fingers spread. Kay dabbed her nails with the tip of the brush, turning Christine's nails bright red.

"How old are you?" Christine asked.

"Nineteen. I'm a sophomore."

"What are the seniors doing today?" Christine watched Kay's green eyes. She was a lovely girl.

Kay smiled. "They're all at Hoffman. Except for Julianna, of course. They're initiating the Kappa pledges, the same way the Kappa seniors are initiating you."

Christine was confused. "What about that older guy? He's not a senior at Hoffman, is he?"

Kay laughed. "No, of course not. He graduated years ago. He owns his own business now. He's quite wealthy."

"What about the first guy? The guy who took my virginity? Was he wealthy?"

Kay nodded. "Her's rich. He's the most powerful and influential graduate Kappa has ever produced. The president calls him for advice."

"Wow."

"When Julianna found out you were a virgin, you were offered to him first, as was his right. A virgin is most highly prized."

"How old is he?"

Kay shrugged. "I don't know. Mid thirties, maybe."

"Were you a virgin?"

"Oh, no. I lost my virginity on prom night," Kay said. She switched to Christine's other hand.

"You did? I went to my prom, but I didn't even get a kiss.

"I sorry. Prom night is a very special night."

"I know it," Christine said, shaking her head. "I was so disappointed."

Kay moved to Christine's feet and began on her toenails. Christine waved her hands in the air, The polish dried quickly, but it was important to get it completely dry. Christine thought back to times when she and her friend painted each other's toenails, but they never did it without clothes on. It was such a strange thing to even think about being naked in a bed with another girl.

"Did you ever do it with him?" Christine asked.

"Who?"

"The one guy, the one who took my virginity?"

"No," Kay said, shaking her head.

"What's his name?" Christine was very curious about the man. She only had one virginity to give away. She always hoped it would be someone special. In her dreams, it was the man she married, and he took it on their wedding night. That would also be the night he got her pregnant for the first time."

"I can't tell you that. Not yet," Kay said.

Christine's hopes fell. "Don't I get to meet him?"

Kay stopped. She was finishing the small toe on Christine's right foot. "I don't think so. Not unless he wants you to."

This news saddened Christine. "I thought I might at least get to meet the man I gave it away to."

Kay finished and closed the bottle. "I'll see what I can do. In the mean time, it's time for the next important step in your growth."

"My growth?"

"Yes. Your growth as a sexual being and a lover."

"Oh." Christine did not understand.