 Christine pulled against the leather straps that held her arms spread apart. They weren't so tight they cut into her skin, but they were tight enough to be uncomfortable. She was still blindfolded and gagged. She had been grateful when someone came in to untie her arms from behind her back and free her ankles, but then they tied her wrists to the posts of the bed and locked what felt like a bar between her ankles, which kept her legs spread wide.

Julianna seemed compassionate when she told her of her concern because she was a virgin, and that made her feel relieved, but at that moment she wasn't sure what that meant. Someone had their head between her legs and was licking her pussy, driving her out of her mind. If she had known that people did things that felt this good when they had sex, she would have given up her virginity long ago.

The guy, she figured it was a guy because his rough whiskers brushed the inside of her thigh, kept licking a particular spot in her pussy that sent shock waves shooting through her like intense jolts of electricity that fed right to the pleasure center of her brain.

Out of simple curiosity, Christine had researched the female orgasm, but all of it was so clinical. Nothing she read ever gave her the idea that any of it would feel so good. She had even tried many times to give herself an orgasm using all the techniques she had read, all without success.

The waves that shook her body doubled their intensity and continued to grow. Her moans grew louder, despite the gag in her mouth, her thrashing grew wilder, despite the ropes that held her down, and suddenly she was experiencing her first orgasm. It washed through her body like a violent flood of water, crashing over her again and again. It was a very liberating experience.

She lay writhing in the glow of the orgasm. Her chest was heaving as she tried to catch her breath. The gag only restricted her breathing.

The mouth had left her crotch. She could feel the cool air on her wet private parts. It was an unusual sensation. The bed was rocking and shifting as the guy moved between her bent legs. She felt his hands around her thighs and felt his muscular body squeezing through the hole made by her legs and the bar.

Christine caught his musky scent again wafting up to her nose. She had first smelled it when he approached the bed, a strong, musky man smell. She could distinguish it from her own smell, an odor she had become familiar with on her fingers from her futile attempts at masturbation. He must have done something right, she thought, because she could smell it in the air. It had never been that strong before.

She knew what was going to happen to her. She wondered if she was really ready for it, like she had convinced herself to believe she was for so many years. Only now, as the moment approached, she couldn't remember why she thought she had to wait for the right man, or that it was such a special event that her virginity had to be treasured instead of enjoyed.

Suddenly it touched her and she gasped. She immediately knew what the warm object was laying across her pubic mound and her flat belly. She only wished she could see it and touch it. A man's penis was still a mystery to her. The sex manuals did little to inform her of how it looked or what it did. She knew in great depth how they worked, but was at a total loss as to how it felt when erect. And now, here she was with one so close to her, and she was not allowed to examine it.

The guy's hands came up her sides and went over her tits. Christine squirmed. She was anxious to feel him put his penis inside her. His hands felt good on her body and he was driving her wild.

His fingers peeled off the flimsy lace bra. Christine sighed. Her hips were churning. The bar had her legs locked around him like a boa constrictor. His thumbs rubbed her tingling nipples, sending more jolts through her slender body. She squirmed more.

His hands left her chest. She felt them again on her pussy, spreading her labia. She knew this was it, the moment she had waited for all her life, since the day she had witnessed her sister performing the same act with her boyfriend when they were both just kids. All her longing and desire passed in a moment when she felt the head of the stranger's penis pushing past her wet lips. She felt such excitement swelling up inside her she wanted to scream.

Then, without warning, she felt a sharp pain from inside her and did scream. Immediately, she was filled with fear that he had done some sort of damage to her delicate insides, yet he kept pushing it inside her. The pain increased. Was he crazy? He was going to kill her. She squeezed her eyes shut and grimaced, biting into the red plastic ball stuffed into her mouth. A tear from the corner of her eye soaked into the black fabric of the blindfold. She turned her head to try to get away from the onslaught, but it was no use. The penis she had desired for so long just kept coming, pushing harder and harder.

It seemed to be caught up on something, like it had gone as deep as it could. He pushed even harder. Christine screamed again. She tried to get him to stop, but could do nothing. Finally, the resistance gave way and he sunk into her deeper than she thought anything could ever go.

Christine had been concentrating on the horror of her situation so much that she failed to notice the pain gradually fading away. She stopped being so caught up in her plight and concentrated on the changing sensations in her groin. The pain was gone completely. In it's place was a new feeling of being filled, combined with the strange sensation created by the friction of the shaft sliding in and out of her body. It finally occurred to her that she was being fucked, and she liked it.

His hands held her hips while he plunged his cock in and out of her. Christine groaned between soft sobs. It really did feel good, just like her sister had told her right after she had done it that first time in her bedroom when she was fourteen and Christine, two years younger, had watched. Christine wished she had accepted then when her sister had offered her the chance with her boyfriend to see what it was really like. Now, five years later, with a real man's penis sliding in and out of her tight hole, she felt truly independent. Her sister was going to be proud of her.

Pam sensed someone in the room with her. She turned her head to try to pick up the sounds. The swishing sound of those long cloaks told her that someone was definitely with her. She tried to say something, but all that came out was a muffled, incoherent grunt.

A hand lightly touched Pam's leg. The person made no sound. Was it a woman's hand, or a man's? The hand moved up the back of her thigh to the dildo in her asshole. She felt the hand moving it slightly. With a soft click, the buzzing stopped. The hand pulled the long, steel dildo out, much to Pam's relief. She let out a deep sigh when it finally fell out of her. Her back hole was so loose by then she could probably take that entire football team in that hole at once.

The hands rolled Pam onto her back and spread her knees. She would be glad to be rid of that huge, bumpy thing in her cunt. She was worried it had stretched her open so badly she would never again be as tight as she was. She grinned to herself, thinking that Ethan would be the first to notice.

The hands touched the second dildo, turned it off, and pulled it out. Pam groaned. She was tired of orgasms. Enough of them had racked her body in the past few hours to satisfy her for a good week, at least.

Pam moved her hips. Her insides no longer felt cramped out of the way for those things. Life would be good if she no longer had to endure those things again. Life would be better if she could feel a real cock inside her, a warm one, with warm cum to pump into her.

The hands rolled Pam onto her belly again. Pam sniffed the air and smelled a light perfume. Definitely a woman's gentle caresses on her sore asshole. The fingers were covered with grease. She was smearing it on both of her holes. Finally, the waiting was over. It was going to happen.

Then the hands were gone, and the girl was gone. Pam was alone again, bent over a small pile of pillows, her ass propped up in the air. She sighed. Her jaw was sore. Her arms and legs were sore. Her asshole and her cunt were sore. This ordeal was going to cost her more than she had bargained.

A warm hand on her ass startled her. The bed was moving. Someone was getting on it with her. A pair of big, strong hands squeezed her ass. Pam moaned, waiting eagerly to feel this man's cock between the lips of her cunt. She felt him put his knees down on the mattress outside her legs because they wouldn't spread apart. He stuck his fingers in her pussy and parted her lips. Pam responded with another moan, like she was in heat. She couldn't believe she was trembling like a school girl about to do it for the first time in the back of her boyfriend's car.

She was so turned on she flinched when she felt the head of his cock touch her open vagina. She heard a snicker from him and knew she was being silly. He put both of his hands around her slender hips and easily sunk his cock into her.

Pam sighed. It was warm and hard and felt so good. His pubic hair brushed against her soft, tender ass. His hands squeezed her tight against his hot groin. He was pumping hard and fast. She heard him groan, like Ethan frequently did when he was fucking her and she was relieved, because that told her she was just as tight as ever. She relaxed completely and let herself enjoy the refreshing feel of a real, warm, hard cock.

He was grunting hard and she was grunting with him. His hands moved up her chest and he squeezed her tits. His fingers worked deftly under the tiny patches of leather and pinched her nipples.

Pam loved this man. She didn't care who he was or where he came from, she would marry him in an instant. She didn't even care if he had a funny last name or an ugly face. The simple fact that he could produce in her such an elated sense of bliss was good enough for her.

Abruptly, he flooded her insides with a bath of sperm, squeezed her ass one final time, and climbed off the bed. Before she could even catch her breath, another guy climbed over her and stuffed his cock in. Pam moaned, pushing her hips up eagerly for more. That exquisitely blissful feeling returned and she decided she would happily marry him, instead.

This guy was much faster than the first guy, like he was in a hurry to get somewhere and didn't have time to spend on intimacy, so a fast, fleeting screw would have to suffice.

It still felt good. Her head tossed side to side and she squealed madly. True to form, the guy came inside her in a hurry, adding to the supply of cum left behind by the first guy. He pulled out and was gone. Pam could feel all the fresh cum dribbling out of her cunt. Some of it was splattered on her ass and thighs.

To her delight, she didn't have to wait long for the next guy to join her. This was turning out to be the lineup of men with erections she had imagined when she saw them all in one room. This guy massaged her ass tenderly. She was still sore back there. The attention felt good, as did the warmth of the cum. She needed it to help her get rid of the last bits of the cold sensation left over from those artificial cocks. She took a deep breath and sighed. A shiver ran down her back. The guy spread her ass cheeks apart and touched the head of his cock to her rectum. Pam tried to relax as much as she could to make it easy for him, but found that she was already loose enough to take an elephant when he slid into her without resistance.


He laid his full weight on top of her and only used his hips to move his cock. He was a huge guy. He was smothering her, like he was going to crush her flat into the mattress. He must have been one of those giants she had seen. She didn't know if the college they went to had a football team, but if they did, she would have bet he was on it.

She could hear his heavy breathing over her left shoulder. From the way the bed moved, she could tell he had his arms on either side of her to hold himself up. She could feel his long legs outside her bounds legs like an encasement. He had a cock to fit his size, big and thick. He pushed it deep, held it there while he twisted his hips, then drew them back and repeated the technique.

She could hardly breathe beneath him. He smelled of perspiration and a cologne that teased her senses. It seemed distinctly familiar to her. Then she realized she had been smelling it the whole time she had been there whenever there were men around, but it wasn't until she was this close to one of them that she was able to distinguish it clearly. The fragrance had some sort of strange intoxicating effect on her, not physically, like the drugs they had taken, but sexually. It must have been an aphrodisiac, except that those were supposed to be a myth, weren't they?

Regardless, this stuff was certainly having an effect on her. It had her more turned on and desirous of sex than she had ever known herself to be, and she had been told by many people that she was sexually insatiable and a nymphomaniac.

She could feel the hair on his chest where he pressed her folded arms into her back. He was not all fat, but hard muscle under a soft layer. He must have weighed over three hundred pounds.

His motion was exactly opposite of the guy before him. He behaved as if he had all the time in the world and was going to use it. When he had his cock all the way inside her, He moved his pelvis slower than a road crew on a hot day, like they were a pair of mating turtles. She could imagine how funny they must have looked. She giggled at the image in her head, and the sound that came from her throat, distorted by the gag, was more like a moan than a laugh.

She wouldn't mind too much if this guy did it to her the rest of the night. The position they were in would be impossible, of course, since he would probably suffocate her before much longer, but he had a way with his body that she enjoyed, much the same way Ethan used his body. Could it be thing with athletes, that they knew how to use their bodies differently? If it was, she liked it.

She would, however, like to see how it was if she was on top of a man this size, especially if he had a cock the size of Stacy's. Another image appeared in her mind, of herself on her knees, straddling this giant man, moving slowly up and down on his big cock, just the way he liked it. She saw herself as a little girl compared to him. It turned her on even more and she wiggled her hips.

She must have got his attention, because he came. The throbbing cock in her channel excited her. The warm, squishy sensation of his cum in her bowels calmed her and soothed her like a hot bath, draining the tension from her back and arms. She became completely limp under him.

His weight lifted from her and she automatically sucked in fresh air. His penis came out of her their mating was over. She felt a few drops of fresh, warm sperm land on her bare ass. The perspiration that had gathered where their skin touched quickly evaporated, cooling her hot skin. The perspiration on the other side of her body was soaking the sheet where she lay. She was sure the cum that leaked from her tender holes would soak into the pillows that supported her pelvis. If she were doing this in her bedroom at home, her Mom would be pissed at her when she had to wash the sheets and pillowcases. A smell this strong would be hard to eliminate.

Pam wiggled her ass in eager anticipation of the next guy. Whoever it was, she would surely be happy to marry him, if he would have it. Any of them so far would do quite well for a husband, as long as they fucked her all the time. The next guy climbed up with his hand on her ass and Pam realized with a shock that all those people had been right after. She was a nymphomaniac. Her lust was insatiable. She had to have sex, and she had to have it all the time. His cock slipped neatly into her wet cunt. Pam was terribly confused. She didn't know what to think of herself anymore.

The parade continued across her bed. One man after another climbed on top of her, and endless stream of manhood, and inserted their penises either into her vagina or her rectum, each reaming her until they pumped their seed into her, then making way for the next man to do the same. Soon, she was sloppy and overflowing with the white liquid. She lost count of the numbed of men and, after a while, could no longer distinguish between them. Most were gentle, some were rough. In her position, she could nothing to prevent them from doing with her what they wished. Some were bigger than others, but all of them had cum with which to fill her.

She felt more and more like an object they were using to stuff their dicks into, a soft, warm, place where they could get their rocks off. She had not anticipated this feeling of degradation, of hopeless enslavement. She had assumed that no matter what they did to her, she would enjoy all of it, but that was not the case.

The worst part was that she no longer felt any stimulation. The closest she had been to an orgasm was the fourth or fifth guy, but it never happened and the opportunity grew more and more distant with each man who serviced her. Her anger and confusion turned to sadness and depression. The emotionless fucking did not stop. Her sobs and tears were completely contained by the blindfold and gag.

Christine squirmed, moaning deeply and biting into the gag. Someone was wiping her pussy with a warm, wet washcloth and the stimulus against her burning flash made her more anxious for sexual contact than ever. She felt more excited than she had ever felt before. Her body was on fire, and the burning spread from her groin to the tips of her fingers.

A new orgasm was building inside her, but, to her disappointment, the hand and the wet washcloth went away, leaving her hanging desperately on the edge of such a pleasurable event. Then she felt the hands on her torso around her waist, just below her ribcage. The person was undressing her, removing her bustier, then her panties, leaving her dressed only in the tiny bra and the garter belt and stockings, with the bar between her ankles. This confused her. Why had they made her put it all on if they were only going to take it off? And were they going to make her put it back on?

The hands removed the gag. Christine spit it out, grateful to get it out of her mouth. Her jaw was sore like she had been getting dental work for hours. She flexed it slowly to work out the soreness. She jerked her head back when she felt a narrow tube inserted into her mouth. What the hell was that?

"Drink," a soft, girl's voice said.