 Feigning disappointment and hurt, Christine rolled off, reluctantly giving up her exclusive possession of his cock. It seemed to take forever to come out of her hole, and it felt strange sliding out, like a boa constrictor that had been hiding inside her. Its absence left behind an ache inside her, an ache to have it back, massaging her from the inside, where it belonged. She resigned to content herself with squeezing her thighs together.

Tom remained on his back. His hard cock stood up over him, but was bent over by its own weight. Droplets of sweat glistened in the hairs on his perfect body.

"Ready?" he said to Kay. She nodded and moved down the bed to occupy the spot vacated by Christine. Sprawled across the bed facing his genitals, he put her hand around the base of his cock, and raised the head, staring at it like a snake charmer.

"Every girl who joins your sorority has to be able to deep throat any man she meets."

"Do what?" Christine said.

"Watch Kay." He nodded to her. She nodded back, opened her mouth, and took the head of his cock in.

Christine watched her suck, but wasn't impressed. She knew she could suck like that. "What's she going to do?"

"She's going to swallow it," Tom said, but that only confused Christine more. Tom rested on his elbows to watch Kay work.

Kay's bobbing head slowed. She spread her jaws as wide as they would go. Her pink tongue stuck out past her lips along the bottom side of the shaft. She began to move slowly down the pole, taking inch after inch into her mouth. Halfway down the shaft, she paused, then continued until her nose was nestled in the bush of curly, dark hair at the base of his cock.

"Oh my God," Christine muttered. Kay pulled her head back up, drawing the cock back out, looked at Christine, and grinned at her dumbfounded expression, showing her white teeth around the fat, purplish penis head. "How'd you do that?"

"It's easy," Kay said. "You take a deep breath, open your throat, and push it in." She did it again, swallowing every bit of his cock in one slow motion, then pulled it back out just as slowly.

"Do you think you can do it?" Tom asked.

Christine moved toward them. "I'll try, she said, but she didn't seem too confident.

Kay held his cock for her, stroking it lasciviously. Kneeling beside him, Christine put her hand around it. Kay put her other hand on his knee and pulled his legs apart.

"It'll be easier if you get between his legs," she said. Christine lifted her knee over Tom's leg and knelt on the area of the bed between them. She felt like she was about to perform surgery on him. She gazed into the slit at the tip of the head as if a small, forked tongue would flicker out of it to smell the air. It looked much larger in this position than it did before. She began to doubt that she could even fit it in her mouth. But then, Kay was the same size as her, and she handled it easily.

Kay let go of it and laid her hand on Tom's thigh. Christine felt she was on her own for such a difficult task, even though she knew Kay was right there to help her. But Christine was scared. If she couldn't do this, did that mean she wouldn't be allowed to join the sorority? She had come so far in the short time since they started. To give up now would mean wasting all that effort and all that wonderful experience. Besides, her sister would be disappointed with her if she failed. She knew she had to try hard to overcome this challenge. She tried to remember what Kay told her. Hold her breath, open her throat, and push it down. Wasn't that the way she said to do it? She licked her lips. She was going to choke on this thing, she knew it.

"Put it in your mouth, just like you're sucking it," Kay said.

Christine opened her mouth, stuck her tongue out, pressed it against the firm, hot, fleshy head, and closed her lips around the head. It was huge, ridiculously huge in her mouth. She moved it back and forth over her tongue. There was no way she was going to get it down her throat. She was no sword swallower.

She glanced at Kay. Kay was watching her carefully. She felt she had her support, like her father holding her up while she learned to ride a bike. She did not believe, however, this was a situation where her father would be helping her learn how to do something right. It would probably shock him to death if he knew what she was doing right then, although he would probably be proud of her just for trying.

"Relax your tongue and throat and let it slide to the back of your mouth," Kay instructed.

"Go slow," Tom said. "You have all the time you need."

Christine relaxed. Her tongue became limp. She took a deep breath and lowered her head, pushing the oversized penis deeper into her mouth. It brushed against the soft flesh at the back of her mouth and she gagged. She whipped it out of her mouth and turned her head to the side, coughing terribly.

"Are you ok?" Kay said, patting her shoulder.

Christine nodded, coughing. She was afraid to let them see how difficult this was for her, but when she looked back at Kay, her face was flushed red and she was wiping away tears.

"I think so," she said.

Kay pumped Tom's cock. "Try it again. You were doing fine."

"Remember to go slow," Tom said.

Christine nodded. She knew she had to do this. It was the most important step yet in the initiation. Everything else up to then had been passive participation on her part. She was now being taught an active skill that she was expected to perform, and she knew she would not be allowed to advance without successfully completing this challenge.

She swallowed hard. She decided she would do it this time. It wasn't as hard as it looked. It would fit, although it would be tight, and she wouldn't choke. She opened her mouth, lowered it over the end of the cock, and sucked.

"If you gag, just keep going," Kay said. "If you can get past that, the rest is easy."

Christine considered her advice. She wasn't sure what she would have to do when she got to that point. She would just have to make it up.

She slid her lips carefully down over the shaft. It touched the back of her mouth and gave her the strong urge to gag again, but she managed to suppress it, gagging only a little. Her throat seemed to resist the intrusion of the large object, increasing the sensation that she was choking. She pushed harder, forcing the head of the cock down her throat. It didn't want to go. She ignored the choking and pushed harder, as if her life depended on he getting this cock down her throat.

Then something seemed to give way. Her throat opened up and she was swallowing the long penis. She had not been prepared for the weird sensation of the thing sliding down her constricting esophagus. It was a unique experience, to say the least.

"You got it," Kay said delightfully. She heard a deep moan from Tom, so she knew she must have been doing it right. She kept going, swallowing more of his cock and trying to keep her teeth away from it.

She quickly learned why Kay told her to take a deep breath. She couldn't breathe. Getting it down her throat in the first place had taken a lot out of her, and she needed air. She was disappointed, because she was only halfway down. She had to yank it out in a hurry and suck in fresh air.

"Good job," Tom said, while she was gasping helplessly. "Most girls don't get it done as soon as you."

"Gee, thanks," Christine gasped.

Kay chuckled. "You'll do better, now that you know what to expect." She angled Tom's cock in her direction. Christine studied her actions, to see if she could learn anything from her. Kay slobbered lewdly all over the head, using her tongue to drench it with saliva. It looked like she was trying to engulf an entire footlong hot dog in one bite, or like she was working on a huge piece of corn on the cob from the side. She noticed how Tom responded to this sort of attention. His lips were pursed and his eyes were closed. He had the dreamiest expression on his face, like he was in a fantasy world.

Kay put her mouth over the end of his cock, slurping noisily. She was pumping the shaft with one hand and kneading his balls with her other. She bobbed her head in place a few times. Christine could see the exertion on her face as she forced it down her throat. It seemed so much easier for her. She was able to work it into her throat so much more smoothly.

"Oh yes," Tom groaned. Kay swallowed the whole thing. Christine could see her jaws spread wide, her lips apart, and her teeth away from the shaft. This was obviously something she had done many times. As if to prove that exact point, Kay moved her head up and down, sliding his cock in and out. She pulled her head back and his penis came out.

"Want to try it again?" Kay said, holding his penis up for her. She wiped the drool from her mouth.

"Yeah," Christine said, sounding more eager than she felt. She took Tom's penis from Kay. She looked up to his eyes. He was watching her patiently.

His penis looked like it was ready to burst. It was thick and incredibly hard, like a piece of hot steel. Fat, dark veins stuck out off the surface, just under the skin. The big, bulbous head was deep purple, and the skin over it was tight, smooth and shiny.

She kissed it tenderly. Tom smiled at her. She was only trying to stall while she worked up the courage to try sucking him down again. She tilted her head and kissed the soft skin just under the bulging head. She held it gently, like it was part of her mother's antique china collection, kissing along the side of the shaft as if paying homage to the gods who bless men with large appendages.

Tom chuckled. "I like a girl who's gentle. There are so many other girls in this world who are out to hurt the next guy they meet, because the last guy they knew was so mean to them."

"Are you mean to them?" Christine asked.

"I don't think so. Have I been mean to you?"

Christine shook her head. "No. Not at all."

"I like girls too much to be mean to them."

Kay leaned forward and whispered brief instructions into Christine's ear. She giggled at the thought. She moved the penis to the side, lowered her head, and sucked his plump balls into her mouth.

"Oh," Tom gasped. "That feels so good."

She rolled them over her tongue like they were big jawbreakers. She could see him squirming, and it made her want to laugh. She never knew a girl could make a guy feel that way.

She released them, kissed them, and kissed her way up his long shaft to the head. She kissed it and licked it like Kay had done, slobbering all over it generously.

"Do it," Tom said.

Christine pressed her lips against the head and let the pressure separate them. Her teeth lightly grazed over the taut skin and the head glided over her tongue right to the back of her mouth. This was something she wanted now, not some ordeal she felt she had to endure to gain acceptance. The head touched the soft part at the back of her mouth and she felt the impulse to gag, but managed to suppress it. She calmly took a deep breath, relaxed her throat, and let the head pass into her esophagus.

"You did it," Tom sighed deeply.

Christine was so ecstatic she wanted to jump for joy. She was swallowing his cock. How could she ever have doubted she could do it if it was this easy and felt this good? The shaft spread her jaw open on its own and seemed to glide effortlessly over her tongue, right down her throat.

She let it slide steadily into her until her nose was buried in the furry bush at the base. When she felt her breath running out, she withdrew until the head was in her mouth, then she did it again. This time, when it passed into her throat, she bobbed her head up and down, sliding it in and out like she was fucking her mouth with it.

Tom grunted. "I'm going to cum." His voice was terribly strained.

Christine wasn't sure what she should do. Her lips were halfway down his shaft, and he was already going to give it to her. She stopped. She tried to look at Kay for advice, but couldn't see her. The cock in her throat prevented her from turning her head far enough. She looked around desperately, but before she could make a decision, Tom shouted, his cock started throbbing, and she felt a thick, warm fluid coating her esophagus. It was flooding into her rapidly, out of control. She swallowed hard, which only made her feel like she was choking. Her breath immediately expired, and she had no choice but to pull it out.

He was still gushing like an oil well, and quickly filled her mouth with the nasty liquid. Her eyes grew wide. She had a mouthful of the stuff and didn't know what to do with it. Her red cheeks were swelled out like a chipmunk storing acorns for the winter. It drooled out of the corners of her mouth. She looked like a little girl with a huge straw in her mouth, making a mess all over her face. Kay laughed at her so hard she rolled over and almost fell off the bed.

"Swallow it," Tom said.

Christine rolled it on her tongue. She didn't exactly remember the stuff from the glass tasting like this, but then, it had been mixed with scotch. She drank that, so she decided to swallow this mouthful, which she did in one gulp, although not without some difficulty. She coughed and wiped her mouth.

"I'm sorry for laughing," Kay said. she wiped a drop of cum off Christine's chin with her thumb and stuck it in her mouth, sucking it off like a drop of ice cream. "You just looked so funny."

Christine laughed. "I can't believe I did it. It's so big, you know?"

"You did it so well," Tom said. He laughed and the girls laughed with him. There was a last drop of cum that leaked from the slit at the tip of his cock. Christine licked it up.

Tom slapped Kay's hip. "Roll over. Stick your ass up." Kay laid down on her belly and lifted her ass in the air. "Higher," he said. She raised it higher. Her hand was down on a pillow and she was facing Christine, smiling at her.

"What are you going to do?" Christine asked curiously.

"I'm going to fuck her ass," Tom said, moving behind her. "Then I'm going to fuck yours, so I want you to see how it works."

"Oh," Christine said, although she wasn't sure what he meant. He wasn't going to do what she thought he was going to do, was he? When she saw Kay reach back with both hands and pull her ass cheeks apart, she knew that was exactly what he was going to do.

She stared with her eyes wide open as Tom placed the head of his long, shiny cock at the tiny, brown opening of Kay's asshole and pushed his cock deep into Kay right before her eyes. She noticed it was covered with some kind of shiny lubricant. Kay's eyes were squeezed shut. She was biting her lower lip and moaning. The head popped in and he worked the rest of it into her. Kay groaned. She rocked back and forth and grunted, but did not writhe much. This looked just as painful as the first experience. Christine could not believe what she was watching. She was astounded that this might actually be something Kay would enjoy.

Pam drifted drowsily between sleep and consciousness. She knew she was waking up because she felt an unusual weight on her body. Or was she dreaming it? She moved slightly and felt something stiff and hard down there between her legs. If it was a dream, she was getting fucked in it, and those were the best kinds, the ones she hated to see end. She tried to roll over and discovered she was immobile. Unwillingly, she drifted closer to consciousness. Her wrists and ankles were tied, and she was face down on a bed, spread eagle and naked. Where did those soft girls go? She vaguely remembered having her head between their legs and their legs between hers, all of them falling asleep in each other's arms. She wiggled her butt again and definitely felt something hard there. She had forgotten how good it felt. What made her forget that? Was this still the dream? Was she still between the two soft, warm girls?

She peeled her eyes open, but the darkness did not go away. The weight on top of her did not go away. The stiffness between her legs did not go away. Her arms and legs were tied to the posts of the bed. Her eyes were covered with a blindfold.

"Damn," she muttered under her breath.

"Good morning, little girl," the guy said. His mouth was right near her ear. His deep voice startled her. He was on top of her, fucking her cunt. He was moving it very slowly. She clenched her teeth together. He was pretty big, and he pushed it pretty deep. Pam could not deny how good it felt. And she remembered what made her forget.

"Why don't you untie me, so I can climb on top of that thing?" Pam said.

"That's all right, pussy. This'll only take a few minutes." He pulled her by her hips to a more comfortable position. It stretched her arms and made the ropes cut into her wrists. Pam held back a shriek of pain behind her clenched teeth. He grunted, rammed her a few times, and sprayed his sperm into her body.

Pam collapsed when he let go of her hips. She felt a relief when he lifted his body off her's, but the ropes still cut into her wrists and ankles. He his cock slowly from her hole, to enjoy the sight of it pulling from her lips. It finally fell out and was followed by a stream of white sperm.

He slapped her ass and chuckled. He rubbed his hand over her smooth skin, down between the cheeks of her ass and twisted one into her cunt, smearing the fresh cum around on her warm skin. Pam moaned. He chuckled again.

"They told me you would be a strong one," he said. "They weren't lying."

Pam arched her back and let out a deep sigh. She felt incredibly erotic, having her ass raised to him, sort of as an offering, knowing that he could do to her whatever he wanted, and she was completely helpless to stop him.

His balls were hard as rocks and pressed into the back of her thighs. She cringed when his rough fingers touched her soft tits where they were pressed into the wet mattress. She tried to squeeze her thighs together to obscure her cunt, but he pushed another finger in, anyway. Pam moaned deeply. Her cunt felt loose and exposed.

She was curious about this man. He was so gentle, but he sounded so angry about something. She lay very still while he rubbed her, and she became very excited.

She felt him moving on the bed between her spread legs. The springs squeaked. He must have been a bigger man than she imagined. The bed seemed to sway with his movements. What the hell was he up to?

"What are you going to do?" she asked.

"Don't you worry, little girl," he chuckled, placing his hand on her white ass. "I won't hurt you too much." He spread her ass apart and smeared a gob of cold, slimy grease on her asshole. Pam gasped. He's going to fuck my ass. He worked his middle finger into her asshole and stroked it in and out. Pam moaned, twisting her hips. Her asshole was ready for his cock. It felt so good. She hunched her ass up toward his hand and shivered, shaking her tits.

He pulled his finger out. She felt one of his hands spread her ass apart, then she felt the head of his hard cock pressing against her delicate hole. He pushed his hips. Despite herself, Pam cried out in surprise. Her automatic response was to try to squeeze her asshole closed, but that only increased her excitement. She pulled against the ropes, moaning as he pushed in deeper. She let out a long, low groan of pain mixed with intense pleasure.

The man drew his hips back slowly and rammed them forward rudely. Pam shrieked again. She was so tight, and her hole was so tender. It hurt so much, but it felt so good at the same time. This was a strange sensation she thought she might be able to get used to.

The bed rocked with his pumping motion. She felt like a hammock, the way she was strung up between the posts and the way he was making her swing back and forth. Pam ground her teeth together, grunting hard, and tightened her asshole again. He was going to make her cum.
