 Tentatively, Christine closed her lips around the straw and sucked, wary that she was about to receive a mouthful of sperm. Instead, cool, delicious, fresh water flowed into her mouth. She drank it graciously. Her mouth was terribly dry. The last thing she had drank was the sperm cocktail, which was not exactly thirst quenching. The water refreshed her and filled her stomach. She realized was growing quite hungry.

The girl's hands lifted Christine's head and untied the blindfold, pulled it away, and Christine squinted in the light. The pale, blurry image moving around the bed she assumed to be the girl, but she didn't appear to be wearing one of those hooded cloaks. Gradually, her eyes adjusted to the light, a dim, indirect light from a corner of the room. She blinked a few times before she could see the girl clearly. She was quite pretty, and was wearing only a tiny, white bikini. She had a delightful figure. She set the empty water bottle on a table with the blindfold. Smiling like a mother tending to her ill child, the girl felt Christine's forehead.

"Do you feel ok?" she asked.

"Yes," Christine said, nodding. She took a deep breath. She hoped the girl was going to untie her, as well.

She carefully wiped Christine's face with a clean washcloth, staying away from the stripes painted on her face, which Christine had forgotten about.

"You're very lucky. When Julianna found out you were a virgin there was a sudden change of plans." She wiped Christine's chest and belly. The moistness felt good when it evaporated and cooled her skin. "You should have seen what they had in mind for you."

Christine looked up into her eyes. "What?"

The girl smiled mischievously. "Well, you would have had a different idea about the next salad you ate."

She put the washcloths in a bowl of water and left the room without another word, leaving Christine on her own.

Christine sighed. What was she in for next? What did she mean by that thing about the salad? Losing her virginity had been the most frightening and exciting thing to ever happen to her. She was squirming with excitement at the prospect of doing it again.

She heard a click and looked at the other door. It swung open slowly and a man stood in the doorway outlined in the light from the hall. Christine breathed in deep as he casually strolled in, closed the door and looked around the room. Christine whimpered and squirmed slowly on the sheets, pulling against the leather ropes that held her arms secured to the posts of the bed. He was a very handsome man, and she knew what he was going to do to her.

The man pulled his tie loose and tossed it on the chair, then removed his jacket and laid it over the back of the chair.

"You're very beautiful," he said, his dark eyes gazing into her's. "Your name's Christine, right?"

Christine smiled slightly, nervously. She found she could not tear her eyes away from his face. He was an older man, with graying hair and a few wrinkles in his skin. His voice was very deep and masculine, his jaw strong. He looked like a professor, or one of the school administrators. She had only been at the school a few months, so she did not know many of the people who worked there.

His eyes followed the slender outline of her body, from her perfectly carved calves and lithe thighs, to her narrow waist, to her swollen chest and her gorgeous face. Christine saw him staring at her crotch and wished she could close her legs. She felt so naked in front of him. She had on only the tiny bra that she wished she didn't have to wear. It was much too small. She felt like she was naked in front of her father.

She tensed with fear as he approached the bed, trying desperately to back away from him like a small, cornered animal. In all her seventeen years, Christine couldn't remember ever feeling so scared, or so turned on. She shivered with fear, and yet, she was strangely warm all over.

She saw his penis bulging in his pants. She trembled as she watched him remove his shirt, wondering how his hands would feel on her thighs, or how he would touch her tits. Christine was amazed. He was older than her own father, yet he had a body like a man half his age, except with a few more wrinkles.

His pants dropped to the floor and his erection jumped out. Her eyes grew wide and her mouth fell open. Her first sight of a real man's erect penis was a real shock. It looked just like the one she remembered her sister's boyfriend had, except that it was much bigger and much more beautiful. She always believed she would be disgusted by them. Her own reaction was a surprise to her.

"I cum like crazy," he whispered, as he stroked the object. "You'll like that."

He touched Christine's knee and she cringed. She could feel herself trembling in his hand, which moved up the inside of her thigh. His hands felt good on her thighs. She took a deep breath like she might cry. Her breasts swelled in the tight bra, threatening to burst it open.

His hand found her cunt warm and wet. Christine whimpered, still unfamiliar with being touched there. His gentle fingers explored her soft pussy lips and glided into her hole with slippery ease. She moaned and spread her legs as wide as the bar would allow.

She stared curiously at this man's cock. She wanted him to use it on her. She needed to feel the warmth of a long, hard dick inside her and to feel the weight of his body on top of hers. She wanted to hold it, to feel it glide into her hand, to love it and caress it and feel it stroking in and out of her mouth, to finally find out if what her sister had told her about sucking a guy was true.

"Suck me," he whispered to her. He held the head of his penis near her lips.

"Oh my God," Christine moaned, unable to tear her eyes from the object. She was breathing heavily. Her body was consumed by fear and lust and she was terribly confused. The cock danced inches from her mouth and she wanted it so badly. She leaned forward, straining her neck, and kissed the head.

"Yes," the man sighed. He pushed it closer to her face.

Christine felt encouraged by his reaction to such a simple act. Instinctively, she knew what to do next. With a sigh, she opened her mouth and let the head pass between her lips onto her tongue. She licked it as it came in. She remembered her sister's lecture about how her boyfriend hated it when she touched his cock with her teeth, so Christine was extra careful to keep her's from this stranger's beautiful tool. It fit firmly in her mouth and she closed her lips around it to let him fuck her with it. Very quickly, she learned how right her sister was. She loved the feel of a hard penis sliding between her lips and feeling a man's heavy balls loaded with the cum she wanted so badly bouncing against her chin. She sucked in her cheeks to entice it deeper into her mouth.

Saliva leaked from the corners of her mouth around the shaft of his cock, over her lips and cheeks. The man scooped it up with his fingers, put his hand between her legs and spread it around the lips of her cunt. She felt an intense tingling between her legs and squealed. The cock muffled the sound, just like she was still wearing the gag.

"I'm going to fuck you now," the man said, pulling his cock from her mouth. Christine watched with disappointment as it fell away from her mouth before he had cum. She was awfully anxious to know how it tasted and felt on her tongue.

He put his hands on her tits, feeling them through the thin bra. The weak snap gave way and he just pulled it off, letting her breasts lie bare on her chest. He bent over and kissed one. Christine felt a fresh lust surge through her nipple when he sucked it. She looked down at this hairy chested god with his mouth on her shiny, erect nipples. Again, she got that strange feeling that this was her father with his gingers in her pussy and his mouth on her tit.

He climbed onto the bed, looking into her blue eyes and at her open mouth where his cock had just been. She was panting and staring back at him. His own saliva was smeared on his face and his hands were wet with her saliva and the juices from her pussy. It smeared on her skin when he ran his hand up her thigh.

She held her breath, watching him lower his head between her thighs.

"What are you doing?" she whispered. She felt his warm breath on her mound and in her soft pubic hairs. He kissed her. As soon as she felt his lips on her cunt, she screamed and bucked her his up, smearing his face with her juices, frantic for her orgasm. She was so close that he just had to touch her to push her over.

He grabbed her hips. "Slow down. Let me do the work," he said. "We have plenty of time."

Christine was panting and moaning, but he had got her attention. She calmed down enough for him to continue. He lowered his head once more and licked her. Christine steeled herself to keep from thrashing uncontrollably. His touch was so delicate and felt so good. She bit her lower lip hard, moaning and writhing.

His tongue was going to drive her crazy. It found that same spot between her labia that the first guy had found, and when he pushed his tongue inside her, it felt six inches long. She came immediately, but he continued to work on her with his lips and tongue through her screaming convulsions, until it left her drained and limp like a dishrag, panting and weak with her eyes closed.

He lifted her legs high in the air and slipped them down around his shoulders like he was pulling on a flotation device for a dip in the pool. Christine felt like she was locked around him forever, like he was now a part of her body. She really wished then that the girl had released her wrists so she could put them around this man and squeeze him tight.

His penis bobbed up and down, touching the light muff of hair at her crotch. Christine watched as if mesmerized. He probed her pussy with the head until it found the wet opening of her cunt and slipped in neatly.

"Oh God," Christine groaned, rolling here eyes closed. He slowly pushed it deep inside her, holding her breasts as if for support. Her channel clamped tighter and tighter on his cock with every inch that found its way inside her. Christine gasped with every slight movement of his hips and pushed her own hips up, overwhelmed with excitement.

The stranger leaned forward and kissed Christine on her mouth. Christine returned his kiss with her tongue, pushing it into his mouth to find his. When she found it, she licked it.

His penis was deep inside her. She could feel it pushing into her body, deep in her belly. She could also feel his balls pressed against the soft cheeks of her ass. He began rocking her with his hips in a steady, patient motion, fucking her so hard she was sure he'd shoot into her each time she felt herself coming, but he merely slowed to gentle grind, just enough to cool off and keep going.

Christine pumped her hips madly, ready to receive the thick, fresh sperm she had worked for and wanted so badly. The only thing important to her at that moment was getting it from his prick into her cunt. It felt like hours since he had put it inside her. Another orgasm mounted inside her, and when he grunted and his prick finally did jerk and throb inside her, it felt like he was coming for a good five minutes. She moaned and her hips froze when she felt his cum squirting inside her. She screamed and came. When it was over, he lay on top of her with his cock in her, kissing her, until he went soft.

Pam cried silently until she had no more tears to cry. She felt that the whole world had closed in on her. Everything she held sacred about sex, every aspect of the act which gave her pleasure and enjoyment was stolen from her and ripped to shreds.

The man who had his cock in her asshole shot still more cum into her and climbed off. She was so filled with cum she thought it might start coming out her nose. She waited with detached apprehension for the next man to take his place. If this ever ended, she thought, she would get into a hot bath and never get out. She doubted she would ever again feel clean.

After what seemed an inordinately long while, she felt hands on her ankles. She tensed up almost unconsciously. Her genitals were so sore they were practically numb. She wouldn't know this guy was inside her until she felt his body slapping against hers. She was shocked, then, when the hands untied her ankles instead of spreading her ass cheeks to make way for a cock. Pam let her ankles separate, finally. The hands untied the strap that held her arms behind her back. She was so weak and sore she could hardly move her arms. The person helped her, gently placing her arms back to a normal position at her sides. The hands released the gag from her mouth.

Pam was so overcome with the compassion of her rescuer that she began to weep again. She wanted only to curl up in this person's arms. She'd had enough of this. she wanted to go home. Donna was right. This wasn't anything she wanted to do anymore.

Pam started to speak, weakly, but the person's fingers touched her lips and she heard a gentle, familiar voice ask her not to speak. Pam was pleasantly surprised to learn that her savior was a girl, although she didn't know why.

The girl uncovered Pam's eyes and rolled her over. Pam looked up at her with her red, puffy eyes. The girl looking down on her was beautiful. In the room with them was another girl, just as beautiful. They were dressed only in skimpy, white bikinis. The bulky, ugly cloaks were gone. The girls no longer looked menacing, but soft and tender. Pam wanted to kiss these girls and touch their soft bodies, a delightful distraction from the hard, rough bodies of the men who had been pressing down on top of her. Pam never thought she'd be so happy to get away from healthy guys to be with sexy girls.

Pam looked down at her legs. She was covered with dried cum. The overwhelming smell of raw cum filled the room. Her cunt and asshole were raw and tender.

"Can you stand?" a girl asked. It was the soft voiced girl she had encountered earlier, who had tied her hands and painted her face. Pam remembered speaking with her last week, and admiring her blonde hair, but could not remember her name.

"Where are we going?"

"To a bath."

Pam nodded. "I think so." She didn't want them to see how eager she was to get to a bath.

Holding her hands, the girls helped Pam hobble through a doorway into a small, sterile bathroom. She noticed there were no mirrors or pictures on the walls and no curtain in the shower, but she didn't say anything.

The other girl, who had dark brown hair, filled the tub with steaming hot water, while the soft voiced girl undressed Pam. Most of the black leather was covered with dried cum. It was dribbling from her orifices like she had sprung a leak. She removed the panties, the bustier, and the bra. Pam's ass and the backs of her thighs were rubbed red. She flinched when the girl touched her.

"How many men did it to me?" Pam asked. The girls looked at each other.

"We didn't count," the blonde girl said in her childish voice.

"I'm glad I'm done," Pam said. She was sitting on the toilet seat while the girl pulled her boots off. The cum dripping from her cunt and asshole left a puddle beneath her.

The girl stopped pulling the boot and her eyebrows went up, then she went back to work on the boots like nothing had happened.

"I'm afraid you're not done yet," she said."

"There's more?" Pam said incredulously. She nodded. "Oh God," Pam sobbed.