 "Are you crazy? Do you have any idea what you're getting into?"

"Yes, I do," Pam replied. "That's why I want to try it."

Donna's face was etched with disbelief. "This isn't some frat hazing, you know. They don't just swat guys on the butt then get drunk on beer. It's a ritual, like a pagan thing. They do dangerous stuff. They'll make you their slave for sex. They use whips and chains and god knows what else. They use drugs like heroin and LSD, not kids stuff like marijuana.

"I know."

"I've heard stories from girls who didn't make it. Some of them got pregnant and had to leave."

"What's your point, Donna?"

"The point is you're crazy to do this."

"You said that."

"Why would you want to have anything to do with that sorority, anyway? They're all a bunch of conceited bitches."

"I don't care about the sorority. I want to try the ritual."

Donna shook her head. "You're crazy."

"Would you shut up? It's not like I'm going to die."

"No. But you could get pregnant. That's worse."

"Maybe for you, but not for me." Donna stood up and hugged her. "What was that for?"

"You're my friend. I tried to talk you out of it. Now all I can do is give you my support."

"Thanks."

"You're still crazy."

Pam walked across the quad in the moonlight to Appleton Street, where there stood a row of sorority houses and fraternity houses. The sky was clear, lit up by a bright, full moon, and a cool, light wind reminded her it was early autumn and the precious summer was over.

Every house was having their initiation that night. A week before, every house had been open for the perusal of potential new candidates, including some houses that were throwing wild parties for the occasion, which Pam thoroughly enjoyed. That night, however, the street was calm and orderly, even serene.

Coming toward her on the sidewalk were a man and a woman and their dog. In a brief moment, Pam felt a pang of envy. She had known many men in her life, but few of them did she consider worthy of marriage. The friendly dog sniffed Pam wistfully as the couple went past. They were moving briskly and giggling with each other about jokes they would share only with themselves. Pam longed to be a part of a relationship with a good man who would share with her more than just what he had in his pants.

The sorority house was just ahead of her. Her stride slowed. A week ago, the old house looked mischievous and exciting. That night it looked ominous and foreboding. Pam shook her head and continued, dismissing it as her imagination. Donna's stories were getting to her.

The large, wooden front door opened as she stepped up on the front porch, as if it had reacted on its own to her presence. A moment later, Julianna appeared from behind it, her attractive face bright with a glowing smile.

"Hi. You're Pam, right? Come in. We're glad you decided to attend."

Pam stepped in through the door with the unshakable feeling that she was entering the Devil's parlor and might never leave. The walls of the hallway were lined with red satin drapes, which further enhanced the illusion that she was entering hell.

Julianna came up behind Pam. "Follow me," she instructed, with a pleasant smile. She walked ahead of Pam and Pam was mildly surprised to see that Julianna's timid-looking dress was backless, and actually plunged down to expose the upper portion of her buttocks. Pam felt overdressed in her plain skirt and blouse. She believed Donna's stories, since she had heard them as well from other girls, but she had decided not to dress in a way that might make her seem presumptuous. That thought now seemed entirely unnecessary. She thought she looked like an innocent virgin.

The hallways were a disorienting maze, all glowing bright red. Pam did not recall there being anything this complex to the quaint, if not large, house she had visited a week ago. She realized they might have been only temporary walls, but the result was very effective.

Finally, after countless turns that seemed to lead them in circles, they reached a door, at which two people stood guard. Although the dark, hooded gowns they wore concealed their identities, Pam figured they must have been younger members of the sorority, left to do the menial tasks.

Pam watched one of them, hoping to see a face. All she could see was a bit of dark hair beneath the hood. What had this girl gone through to gain access to this exclusive sorority? Pam wondered. Could she tell her if the stories she had heard were true? Would the experience be as exciting as she imagined, or horrifying, as Donna warned? Julianna knocked on the door and it was opened from the inside. Well, I guess I'm going to find out.

Immediately, she was assailed by the heavy, pungent aroma of incense. It almost knocked her over. The room on the other side of the door was fairly dark, lit only by candles placed on table around the room. Julianna led Pam in.

Four other girls looked up at her. Three were sitting in large, comfortable arm chairs and one was standing, studying a picture on the wall. They all appeared to be curious, yet apprehensive.

"Feel free to introduce yourself to the others and make yourself comfortable. We apologize for the wait," Julianna said, and she disappeared out the door. Out of curiosity, Pam tried the handle. It was locked. She turned and looked at her fellow prisoners.

"Hi. I'm Pam." She felt as nervous as they looked. The locked door seemed so committal. Doubts and second thoughts creeped into her mind where before had been only confidence and excitement.

The girl who had been looking at the painting came forward with her hand extended. "I'm Joan," she said. Pam shook her hand.

"Pleased to meet you."

The other girls rose out of their seats and moved toward her like she was their savior. She introduced herself to Sylvia, Christine and Ellen.

"How long have you been waiting?" Pam asked.

"Not long," Ellen said. "Joan got here just a few minutes before you did."

"What do you think we can expect?" Pam said.

"I've heard a lot of stories," Sylvia said.

"Me, too," Ellen jumped in. "They sounded pretty exciting."

"Do you think they're true?" Joan said.

Sylvia shrugged. "I don't know, but they are pretty exciting."

"Yeah, they are, aren't they?" Ellen said with barely containable enthusiasm.

"What about you?" Pam said to Christine.

Christine looked up at her like she had snapped out of a deep thought. "I'm scared."

Pam brushed it off as inconsequential. "I think they go to all this trouble to make us feel scared. They're just trying to intimidate us."

"Well, it's working," Christine said. She was almost shaking with fright.

Pam felt that if she really was their savior, she should comfort Christine. It was obvious the poor girl didn't belong in this situation. Hopefully, she would make the right choice if she got a chance and escape before she got any deeper. This kind of Hell was not meant for someone as innocent as her.

The door opened once more. They all froze, staring at the freedom that lay just beyond their reach. Julianna entered again, looking sexier than all of them combined. Pam had noted that all the other girls had dressed in suits, like they were here for a job interview, which only helped to make her feel even more underdressed.

Julianna led in another girl and closed the door behind her, remaining inside.

"Feel free to introduce yourself and make yourself comfortable," Julianna said, without ever sounding as if she had spoken that line more times than she cared. She crossed the room to the long, wooden table with the empty chairs, where a large incense burner was set. She opened it and lit fresh incense on the tray. "You will be our final candidate this evening. The wait will not be much longer." She had her hands clasped in front of her like a proper hostess. With a curt nod, she left the room through another door behind the table Pam had not noticed until then.

They all looked expectantly at the new girl. She smiled nervously.

"I'm Beverly," she said with a brief wave. Pam and the others embraced her as they had done when she arrived. Standing among the group as they each shared their apprehensions once more, Pam realized how attractive each girl was. In fact, they were all very beautiful. Their choice of apparel revealed little about their builds, but it was easy to see each of them possessed similar attributes: long hair, attractive features, well proportioned figures. This pattern gave her a new insight into the mysterious ritual.

Julianna entered once more and stood in front of the table.

"Could you all take your seats, please? We're ready to begin."

Pam suddenly felt pretty silly standing in the center of the room with all the other girls. Their little group broke up and they each found a chair. Oddly, there were just enough for all of them. They invited only six? Were all six of them to be initiated? Pam was growing more curious by the moment.

The room was deathly quiet. Julianna had gone to the side of the room, by the door through which the girls had entered, and was just standing there, as if waiting for something. Then the door behind the table opened again. The room on the other side was completely dark; Pam could make out nothing inside. A hooded individual emerged from the room, startling Pam. He was varying a tray with a silver cover, like a cake. The first was followed by another, then another. Some were taller than others. By the way they walked, Pam guessed they were men. She could see none of their faces. Nine of them, altogether, filed out and stood behind the table. When the last person had entered the room, they all sat at once.

The door was still open. The people at the table seemed to talking quietly with each other. Pam wondered why the door was still open. To her surprise, a giant came through it, followed by two more just as big. Their hands were clasped together in front of them, making them look like oversized monks. They stood behind the table and remained there without moving or speaking. Pam thought this was very strange.

At the end of the table, one of the hooded persons had placed a large sheet of paper that had been scrolled and tied with a ribbon. The next person had placed an ink well and a quill pen beside it. Then they were all quiet, unearthly quiet, and sat without moving. Pam looked at the other girls seated with her. They all looked at her and each other. None of them knew what to expect next.

The one at the center stood. The huge, cloaked guy behind him pulled his seat out, then clasped his hands together and became a statue again. The one who had just stood pulled back the hood of his cloak. Pam's eyebrows went up. He was a handsome, even sexy looking guy. He appeared to be a few years older than she was, which meant he was obviously a senior.

He looked around slowly, deliberately at each girl, and began. "Tonight we begin the initiation of new members to the Kappa Delta Sigma sorority. Tonight marks the one hundred twenty third consecutive observance of this conjugal ritual, practiced annually at this time since eighteen hundred seventy one. Each of you is to be honored for attendance of this exclusive event."

Julianna appeared with a tray of pewter goblets and a small bowl of what looked like sugar cubes. Pam had not even noticed that she had gone anywhere. She moved discreetly behind the table and offered the tray to each person. They all took a goblet and a sugar cube. While she listened, Pam watched each person drop the sugar cube into the goblet and raise it to drink.

The good looking guy continued. "In the ritual we exchange one or more potential new members, on whom we conduct initiation rites. This means the individual becomes our to do with as we please. Traditionally, these individuals become sex slaves, among other things. Undoubtedly, you have heard rumors and stories. There is only one way to know the truth."

He held out his hand and the scrolled document from the end of the table was passed to him. "Up to this point you have been a welcome observer. Those of you who wish to participate further will be asked to release your consent, for obvious reasons. I will read the declaration."

He began. Pam listened earnestly. It sounded like a simple release, removing and responsibility from their shoulders and placing it solely in the hands of the girls, but from the way it was worded, it could have been a document read to King Henry III. He finished to silence. Pam had no problem with its contents. She had already assumed responsibility for herself. It also contained certain basic legalities, including waiving any liability for damage or loss due to illness, disease, drug use or physical violation. Did they intend to ask her to pave the way for them to drug her and rape her? Maybe this was not something she wanted to get involved in. It did sound exciting, however.

He finished and handed the document back. It traveled from person to person back to its spot at the end of the table. Pam looked back at the standing guy. "If any of you wish to back out, now is the time you may do so. Feel no obligation to continue if you have any doubts. Have no fear of ridicule if you wish to decline participation. Your mere presence in this room is proof enough of your courage and honor."

Pam kept her eyes forward on the good looking guy. He was looking at each girl. She wanted to make eye contact with him, but somehow found it impossible. She knew the other girls might have looked around at each other, but Pam avoided contact with them. She didn't want to look, but she hoped Christine would take this opportunity to back out. She had a feeling that poor girl was in for a rude shock if she stayed.

The guy nodded. "Then we shall continue," he said. Pam's heart sank. No one left. What was Christine thinking? Any intimation of the events to come could damage her irreparably. "I shall call your names and ask you to step forward and sign the document, making it official and binding." He paused. "Ellen?"

Pam looked at Ellen. She stood up abruptly, as if her own name had surprised her. She stepped awkwardly to the table, took the quill from the person who held it up, dipped it in the ink, and scratched her signature on the paper. She turned and sat down.

"Pam?" the good-looking guy said. Trying to be casual, despite the tangle of nerves she felt in her stomach, Pam got up and went to the table. The same person offered her the quill. She took it, dipped it in the ink well, just as she imagined Ben Franklin had done when he signed the Declaration of Independence, and scribbled her name as well as she could below Ellen's, which she could hardly read. She handed the quill back, entirely dissatisfied that the quill had not worked to her expectations, and strolled back to her seat with the uneasy feeling that she had just signed away her soul.

This continued until every girl had signed the sheet. Pam was inexplicably disappointed when Christine stepped up to sign it. For some reason, she felt protective of the girl and thought that she had failed to take care of her by letting her put her name on that paper. Nevertheless, Christine returned to her seat with an almost indiscernible smile. Pam felt unsettled.

When Joan, the last to sign, returned to her seat, the paper was scrolled and tied with the red ribbon.

"We will adjourn for a brief period," the guy said. "When we return, you will be ready for the next step."

With that, each member of the procession rose and filed out the back door. The three giants went with them, leaving the six girls alone and confused. They sat quietly for a few minutes, looking around the room in bewilderment. Pam felt just as they all did, that they had just signed up for a trip to Hell like they were signing an insurance form.

Julianna returned. She went right to the table and picked up the large tray, which she uncovered and carried to the girls.

"We invite you to indulge in any of your choice of stimulants," Julianna said.

Pam examined the tray. It was filled with a neat arrangement of illicit narcotics and drug paraphernalia, including countless joints, LSD-laced sugar cubes, lines of cocaine on mirrors, birth control pills, various liquors, and cognac glasses with a small amount of a milky liquid.

"What's that?" Christine asked, pointing to the milky liquid.

"Sperm," Julianna said succinctly. Christine pulled her hand away like it was a snake that might bite her if she got too close. "If you like, you may mix it with the liquor of your choice as an exotic delicacy."

Christine shook her head politely. "I'll pass."

Julianna smiled. "You can't."

"What?" Christine said, sounding shocked.

"This you must drink. You have no choice from here on."

"I've ..." Christine started to say, but cut herself off. "Ok." She picked up one of the six glasses and Julianna moved to the next girl.

She arrived at Pam and Pam surveyed the selection on the tray. The amount of drugs it contained was generous, more than enough for all of them. This was almost overwhelming. She looked over at the others. Joan and Sylvia were sharing some cocaine and giggling with each other. Ellen had mixed her sperm with a concoction of liquors that would surely frighten any bartender with bad intentions. Finally, she dropped a sugar cube into the glass, swirled it around to dissolve it, and tossed it back like a shot of whiskey. Beverly had lined up a collection beside her like a display of her crafts. She had hash and marijuana, LSD and a few other things Pam did not recognize. Christine, sitting next to Pam, had only her glass of sperm, and was looking at it disconcertedly.

Pam picked up the last glass of sperm, stuck her finger in it and tasted it. "How fresh is it?" she asked.

"It was made only minutes ago."

"By who?"

"By men you will come to know intimately in only a short time."

Pam accepted this explanation and took a couple of joints and some twelve year old scotch. Julianna set the tray back on the table and disappeared. Pam poured a shot of scotch in with her sperm. She swirled it around to mix it up. Christine was watching her. Pam poured some scotch in her glass.

"Improves the taste," Pam told her. She didn't look like she believed her. Pam drank hers, savoring the tastes and textures on her tongue before swallowing. How many men had contributed to each serving? she wondered. And was this what they were drinking from the goblets? That she doubted.

Christine sniffed her elixir. Her nose crinkled up. Pam covered her mouth when she giggled at her, so she wouldn't see. Christine took a deep breath, raised the glass, and swallowed it quickly. She covered her mouth with her hand while she made an awful face, like she had eaten Japanese food for the first time.

"Oh my god," Christine choked.

"Why are you here?" Pam said.

Christine shrugged. She wiped her mouth. "My sister joined. She said I should join."

"What's your sister like?"

"She's kind of wild. Not like me."

"Why did she think you should join?"

"She thought I should loosen up."

Pam lit one of the joints. Her first hit told it was very potent stuff. They didn't skimp on the party favors. Where did they get the money for this stuff? A loyal, and probably rich, membership, of course.

"Try this. It'll help you relax." Pam handed the joint to Christine. She handled it awkwardly, clearly without benefit of experience, inhaled a small puff, and coughed in a fit. The girl reminded Pam of herself when she was younger.

"I guess it's too late to back out now, isn't it?"

"I think so," Pam said, nodding. As Christine attempted another hit on the joint, Pam knew the girl would regret her decision when this adventure was over.

Pam glanced down at the other girls. It didn't take long for them to fall under the effects of the drugs they had pumped into their systems. Pam felt the effects of the weed immediately. She was concerned about Beverly. With all the junk she had lined up in front of her, she was in risk of an overdose. These people certainly didn't want to be responsible for someone's death, did they?
