 The door opened and she looked up. It was another tall, handsome man, but younger, with long, dark hair and deep set, dark eyes. Christine's mouth fell open. She was in love.

"Can I come in?" he said. His voice was deep and rich and resonant. His arms and chest were thick and muscular.

Christine realized he was speaking to her. "Uh, sure," she said. He smiled, which was kind of a smirk, and entered the room.

Christine admired how he moved with such grace and confidence. He looked as if he had just returned from a dangerous adventure across the plains and mountains of Africa. His eyes could tell stories of the things he had seen and done in his life. She could not her gaze from those eyes. It was as if she had been hypnotized. She realized her mouth was open and snapped it shut.

"My name's Tom," he said, and sat in the chair at the foot of the bed. "What's your's?" He raised his feet and put them on the edge of the bed. Christine admired his rugged boots.

"Uh, Christine," she said. She wanted to ask why she could know his name and not the other guy's, but thought better of it. Looking at Tom made her insides feel all weak and trembling. He made her feel like a young high school girl who had a crush on the senior football captain.

"Your mother was a very beautiful woman, I am sure."

"How do you know that?"

"Any woman whose daughter is as beautiful as you is certainly a beautiful woman herself."

Christine blushed. She was not used to such gorgeous men showering her with compliments and attention. The idea that he was there just to be with her was almost overwhelming.

"Let me see you," he said. His voice was so strong and commanding she felt compelled to obey him.

She released the firm hold she had around her bent knees, placed her hands on the mattress at her sides for support, and stretched her long legs out in front of her. The cool air on her warm skin made her tingle all over and made her sensitive nipples hard. She straightened her back and squared her shoulders to display her breasts for him. She was proud of her body. She knew he would like it. She was ready to dance naked with him if he wanted.

"Very nice," he said. "You have the body of a goddess."

"Thank you." She tilted her head back and shook out her long mane of golden hair. It was drying and its curl was returning.

Kay stood off to the side of the room, as if observing the rehearsal for the love scene in a movie. She had her hands clasped behind her back and a subtle smile on her lips. She was familiar with what Tom was doing. He had done the same with her little more than a year ago. She found herself actually envious of this girl and the things she was about to learn. She longed to be that naive about sex, so she could experience the joys of learning the new techniques all over again.

Christine giggled playfully. Kay could see from her beaming face she was loosening up and becoming excited about the idea of having sex with Tom, just as her sister had hoped. Tom could have that effect on girls. She didn't know exactly what he did when he wasn't here for the initiation rites, but she suspected it involved girls, or more appropriately, women.

Kay went to his side when he motioned for her to approach. He stood out of the chair, smiling at Christine, and began to unbutton his shirt. Christine watched expectantly, her eyes bright.

She was not disappointed. His chest was hairy and muscular. His stomach was flat and rigid. His arms rippled with ropy muscles along their length. His eyes were locked onto Christine's while Kay sat on the edge of the bed and opened his pants. Christine returned his deep gaze. When Kay pulled his pants down, her gaze went down to see what they revealed.

She saw the shaft of his penis appear. The more Kay pulled his jeans down, the more of his shaft appeared, until his jeans were off entirely, and his penis was completely exposed to her. She stared in awe, with her mouth and eyes wide open. The tip of it hung almost down to his knees.

"Oh my God," Christine whispered. "What are you going to do with that?"

"I'm going to show you things you never dreamed possible," Tom said. He crawled up on the bed on his hands and knees. His member hung straight down, swinging like a pendulum as he moved. Christine felt like backing away from, except for the entrancing look in his eyes. Besides, she had nowhere to go.

He put his hands around her calves, spread her legs, and kissed the insides of her thighs on his way to the warm mound where her legs met. Behind him, Kay stripped out of her bikini.

His lips and tongue felt good on her skin. Her legs automatically spread wider for him. Christine laid back on the pillows, moaning. He found the lips of her pussy and licked them. She was a slave to his tongue. She would do anything he asked, but then, she was a slave to any man who used his tongue on her.

Kay climbed onto the bed beside them. Christine looked at her, wondering what she was up to. She also looked at Kay's body, curiously. She had rarely seen another girl without her clothes, and it was an interesting situation. Kay's body was very sensual and, she had to admit, quite attractive. Kay saw Christine checking out her body and smiled at her.

Tom looked at her as well. "She has a beautiful body, doesn't she?" He reached out with his big hand and long fingers and squeezed Kay's tit.

"Yes," Christine sighed.

"Touch her," he commanded. Christine hesitantly extended her hand and touched Kay's other tit. She was amazed to learn it was as soft as her own.

Kay looked down at the hands on her chest. Christine's touch was much more timid than Tom's. Her expression was one of fascination. Kay recalled being in a very similar situation the first time she touched another girl's breast, and feeling similarly fascinated with the experience.

"It's so soft, isn't it?" he said.

"Yes," Christine whispered.

"Just like yours." He squeezed her tit. His touch thrilled her, as much as touching Kay did. She was turned on by Kay's hands on her body in the bath, but was afraid to say or do anything about it because she wasn't sure what Kay would think.

"Wouldn't you like to kiss her?" he said. His voice was soft, deep, and sexy.

"Yes," Christine answered. Even if she didn't want to, how could she say no to such a dreamy voice?

He looked at Kay. Kay smiled at Christine. Christine suddenly felt very nervous. She felt a strange buzzing in her ears. Was she really going to do this? she thought, as she was leaning toward Kay with her lips open slightly. When their lips touched, the buzzing in her ears turned to a roar. She felt herself getting warm all over. It was the most exhilarating kiss she had ever felt, and so what if she had only kissed two boys before this weekend? No boy could have prepared her for the pure lustfulness she felt kissing Kay.

Their lips smacked apart. Kay slowly opened her eyes. Christine's eyes were still closed. She hovered in place, as if waiting for Kay to kiss her again. She sighed a deep, fluttery breath, and peeled her eyes open. She saw both of them looking at her and blushed.

"Oh my God," she said, covering her mouth. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Kiss me, now," Tom said.

Fighting back the urge to burst out laughing, Christine leaned forward and kissed Tom. A fresh surge of lust through her body shut out all the feelings of shame and embarrassment she might have felt. She felt intimately attached to this man when he tenderly touched her cheek with his hand. She tilted her head to the side and kissed him deeply, licking his tongue when it pushed into her mouth.

Tom pulled away and studied her face. Christine glanced between him and Kay. Kay's hand came up and touched Christine's breast. Her nipples hardened. Kay teased it playfully.

Tom rolled on his side to watch them. His erection stuck out near Christine's leg. She reached out to touch it.

"How'd it get so big?" she asked. She closed her small hand around the long shaft.

"It just grew that way."

"You were born with it like this?"

He laughed. "Not quite. It grew when I grew up."

Christine stroked it. "Wow. You must have had an interesting childhood."

"I did." He looked down for a moment, as if afraid to let the girls see his eyes. "Actually, it was very difficult."

Kay was suddenly quite shocked. What did he just say? She looked at Christine, who was listening patiently. This girl had no idea of the significance of what he just said. No one in either this sorority or his fraternity knew anything about this man that he did not choose to divulge to them, which was very little, if nothing at all. Kay was even more shocked when he continued to reveal more about his past.

"When I was a kid in high school, the other guys used to tease me in the locker room at gym. To them I was some sort of freak, and I let them get down on me."

"That's terrible," Christine said.

Kay could merely stare at them, aghast, like they were breaking every rule she could think of. She had known him for only little more than two years, of course, but she had spoken with people who knew him for much longer, and they knew nothing about him. Now, here was this new pledge, a virgin, no less, almost half his age, and he was telling her his most intimate secrets. They obviously must have underestimated this girl.

"But then the girls found out and all the guys suddenly stopped making fun of me," he said, and they laughed. Kay failed to pay attention and missed the joke, but laughed anyway so they wouldn't notice.

"The guys must have been really jealous when all the girls wanted to go out with you," Christine said, smiling at him as if they had been friends all their lives. Inexplicably, Kay felt a pang of jealousy.

"They were," Tom said. He had his chin propped on his hand and was smiling at her. Her hand continued to move along the length of his penis. "I loved it for a while, all the attention from the girls, that is. But I grew tired of it?"

"Why?"

He shrugged. "I guess it's a typical complaint. None of them were interested in me for myself, just what I had in my pants."

"That's too bad."

Tom smiled and nodded. "Ironically, the one girl I liked and really wanted to go out with wouldn't have anything to do with me after she saw it. She thought I was weird."

"I'm so sorry."

"I got over it. I learned to have higher expectations for the women I went out with."

Kay could only shake her head. This was not the same man she met last night, cool, aloof, distracted. He was warm, open, caring. She looked down at his organ in Christine's dainty hand. But then, she thought, not much else has changed.

She reached down and put her hand around the end of it. They both looked at her like they had forgot she was there. She smiled at them.

"I would never accuse either of you of being so shallow," Tom said to them. Kay realized he was really saying it to Christine.

"I'm glad," Kay said.

"Me, too," Christine said.

Kay thought she might have been imagining what was taking lace between them, but when she saw the way they looked at each other, she felt she was sure. It was not, however, her position to say anything about it, and she kept quiet.

"I think Kay is trying to tell me I've got some work to do."

"Not at all," Kay said defensively. "I know you've got all day, if you like."

"I do like," he said, and moved out from between Christine's legs. Kay laid back and spread her legs. Tom moved right on top of her.

"I'm sure you're familiar with this position," Tom said to Christine. He was holding his penis around the middle of the shaft. The tip was touching Kay's mound. Kay's hand slid down over her belly to her pussy and her fingers spread her moist labia.

"Yes," Christine said, watching with curious interest, although she didn't understand what the demonstration was for. Tom moved his penis toward Kay. It looked like a hose in his hand and he was watering his garden. Kay was wiggling her hips. Tom moved his penis some more, then let go if it. Kay grunted. Christine saw her teeth were gritted together. She knew it was inside Kay. Tom was slowly pushing it into her. How would it feel when it was inside her?

"Come here and look at it," Tom said. He was holding Kay's legs spread wide.

Christine moved down beside them where she could see his penis going into Kay's body. The sight made her gasp. Kay's fragile looking lips were split wide around the shaft. It looked very painful. She touched the soft lips and the hard shaft. Kay's wetness covered her fingers.

"It's beautiful," Christine said.

"I'm glad you like it. It's going in you, next."

Christine glanced up at him, but looked away. She licked her red lips. The idea of having this hunk and his beautiful cock inside her was thrilling.

Tom moved his hips again, sliding his cock deeper into Kay's cunt. Kay groaned. Her hands clutched at the sheets. Her face was a painful grimace. Christine began to have second thoughts about what they were going to do to each other. He moved it in and out a few times. Kay groaned each time he pushed it in a little deeper.

Tom looked at Christine. She looked up at him, realizing that she was staring again. He pulled his cock out of Kay. Half of it was shiny with her fluids. The other half was dry.

"Lay down," he said, moving toward her.

Christine laid back slowly, suddenly feeling very scared. She spread her legs, watching his swinging cock as he moved between them. She looked up to his eyes. He was watching her face, reading the apprehension in it, with that smirk on his lips. Her eyes were wide open and she was panting. His hips held her legs spread apart. His penis hung down very near her pussy.

"I'm not going to hurt you," he told her in his deep, reassuring voice. "You might feel pain, but not for long. You will stretch and the pain will go away."

"Ok," Christine said. Her voice was trembling and weak and belied her fear.

He lifted his cock with one hand and it touched her sensitive pussy. Christine nearly screamed. Kay reached across to Christine's pussy and spread her lips for Tom. She was very wet. Tom placed the head of his cock to her wet, pink opening, and pushed with his hips.

Christine yelped, but it was in anticipation of pain. When it didn't hurt nearly as much as she expected, she felt pretty silly. Kay was giggling and trying not to show it. Christine looked away from them.

"You're doing fine," Tom said authoritatively. "Take a deep breath." She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. He was nodding his approval. She felt a little better and took a deep breath. Kay patted her belly. All of her muscles were tight. She laid back, relaxing somewhat.

Tom slowly, gently, pushed his hips forward. Christine sucked in her breath in surprise.

"Oh God," she groaned. She bit her lower lip. She wanted to close her eyes, but couldn't. The sight of his long member pushing its way into her body was far too captivating to look away. It made her whimper and made her lower lip quiver. He pushed insistently and she grimaced in pain, just as Kay did. She hoped Tom was right, that the pain would go away. The more he pushed , the more it hurt. If it was going to hurt this much the whole time, she didn't see how she would enjoy it.

She trusted him, however. She believed him when he told her the pain would pass and that he wasn't doing it just to hurt her, so she tolerated it patiently. The pain increased with every inch that penetrated her, despite her patience, and he had many inches. She fought the pain as much as she could. She didn't want them to see her crying.

To her relief, the pain finally did begin to ease. Tom seemed to sense it as well, and began moving it in and out. A single tear rolled out of the corner of her eye down her cheek. Kay wiped it away. Christine blinked a few times to clear her eyes of the rest of the tears before they could stream out. She felt foolish crying in front of Tom while they were having sex. She knew she should be feeling joyous ecstasy, but she couldn't help it.

"Don't feel bad," Kay told her in a soft voice. "You'll be ok. I cried the first time I did it with him, too."

"She did. I didn't know how to get her to stop."

Christine laughed. She loosened up completely and Tom's cock slipped all the way into her. Christine gasped. Tom and Kay smiled at each other.

"It still works," Tom said.

"What was that all about?" Christine demanded.

"I was as uptight as you were," Kay said. "Tom and Linda used that joke on me and it worked the same way."

Christine looked down between her legs, but couldn't see anything. Tom's groin was pressed against hers.

"How much of it's in?"

Tom looked down there. "Almost all of it. Feel it, if you want."

"How long is it?" Christine stuck her hand down where their bodies came together. Her fingers felt through their tangled pubic hair and touched his cock. It felt like a hard, slimy snake jammed between her soft pussy lips.

"About eleven inches."

"It feels so weird." She pulled her hand out and Kay stuck her hand down there to feel it. She was grinning. Christine watched her eyes. She felt Kay's fingers rubbing her clitoris. The titillation made her squirm, which caused Tom to pump his cock more firmly. Kay slipped her middle finger into Christine's slot alongside Tom's shaft. Christine cooed.

"I didn't know you could do that." Kay's finger rubbed her clitoris. "Ooo. Do it right there again." Kay forced her finger deeper, pressing the tiny knob. "Oh yes," Christine moaned.

"She likes that," Tom said. "Let's try something different."

Christine squealed with surprise like she was on a thrill ride when he suddenly rolled over and pulled her right over on top of him, all without his penis coming out. "Wow. That was fun," she said. She sat upright with her knees folded up at his sides. She lowered all of her weight on him and felt his cock pushing deep inside her.

"Some women like to be on top," he said, squeezing her tits. "It gives you a chance to be in control of how fast we go."

Christine moved slowly up and down. She liked the feel of the pole sliding in and out of her. There was so much of it. The thing never seemed to end. If she pressed herself down particularly hard, her clitoris pressed against the shaft, and jolt of energy shot through her.

"I do like this."

She writhed like a woman possessed, except that her haze was caused by an oncoming orgasm, not demons. Her mouth hung open and her eyes were shut. She started slowly and built to a hard, fast, pounding climax. Her weak moan turned to strong, high shrieks when it hit. With a crescendo, she screamed at the top of her lungs and collapsed on top of Tom, panting hard and pumping her hips.

Her cheek rested on his shoulder. He had his arms around her, patting her back.

"Did you cum?" Christine asked.

"Not yet."

"Why not?" Christine complained, lifting her head.

"Because it's not time. Now climb off. Your orgasm was beautiful, but I have more stuff to show you."