 After I thought I could stand, Chelsea and Andrew helped me out of the car. Looking up at the house, my only reaction was shock, the place was huge, a three-story property on a hill that seemed way to steep. Their other cars, one of which was a 1980's Camaro, that almost made me hard just looking at it and the other , a Ford F250,that I assumed they used for looking after the property. Chelsea cut my snooping short when she gave me a look that almost melted my body. Andrew couldn't have seemed more pleased with how well me and her were hitting it off. They led me into the house, it had a warm and comfortable feeling. There was a smell that was kind of like bananas mixed with bread, it made the place feel lived in, Andrew took my jacket to put on a hanger, it was a light leather coat mainly designed for dinner parties. Both the way he moved and the way he looked made me feel so warm inside, Chelsea had been making us more drinks, and I was a little shocked when she made my rum and coke with vanilla. They seemed to be more into the taste of wine. It's not that I don't like the taste but for some reason it just makes my middle hurt after a couple of sips.

I thought I would stop the silence "You have a very lovely house Mommy."

"Thank you we have put a lot of love into it." Chelsea said.

Andrew spoke up as well "I'm very glad you like it, we were worried that it was too American for this new generation but you can't help what you like."

I understood that last remark, I am not a big fan of the look of new furniture, most things now are made with metal and plastic. Living my life through computers has taught me to enjoy things like wood, handcrafted and made in the U.S.A. Even this new generation gets sick of itself sometimes. 

I felt close to Andrew and liked him very much. I got a little daring.

"I like it Daddy it's feels so good in here."

At this, I got the two to share another long look. I was starting to enjoy watching them do this, it was cute seeing them read each other's thoughts, a slight smile, a raised eyebrow, everything was enduring. I did think that maybe I had gone a little overboard, but that was cut off right around the point that Andrew looked up and smiled at me.

"Thank you very much."They both said as one.

I sat down on a chair close to where I was, Chelsea sat down in my lap. To say I was nervous would have been a understatement. I was lost, I didn't know what to do now. I just didn't want to disappoint them. Chelsea must have thought I was scared because after looking up at her our mouths locked, she shoved her lips so hard on mine that our teeth hit together. Such passion, the kind you only think about while in the throes of someone you truly care for. Chelsea's mouth was working all over mine and Andrew slid over. I have never been that much attracted to guys. I can see one and think he is handsome or even cute but never have thought one was truly sexy. However, between the two of them I was so horny It felt like the seam of my pants would tear. 

I slid my hands all over Chelsea's body, she responded with a slight moan. I put my hands up her shirt and felt the smoothest skin I'd ever felt. She had a bell shape that was strong where it needed to be and soft in all the right places. Reaching down she pulled off her dress, showing me she had no panties on and a bra that was almost transparent. I softly bit at her breasts and got a mock scolding look witch made me smile. I didn't want Andrew feeling left out, but he came around and started kissing her neck. With my hands on her back, while we made out I felt his hard cock on the back of my hand, I looked in her eyes with all the fire I could put in them telling her that I wanted to take things downward. Gracefully she got up and pulled me along with her. I looked at Andrew wondering how far I would take the night, I was too hot and horny so I just thought that whatever happened tonight I would try it. Chelsea led me up the stairs, we walked into their bedroom which was about the size of my apartment. 

Looking around I could tell a lot about them. People think of gamers as being detached and in their own world, but I enjoy looking at small things. They had no T.V, the bed, made, but loose so you could get in it easier. All they had was a few books on one side of the bed. This was a couple that liked being with each other, talking, maybe reading together and making love. Chelsea caught my eye again as she took her bra off so I decided to get playful and sultry said,

"Mommy I really like your breasts, they are beautiful."

Chelsea can back at me with "Oh thank you honey you can do what you like with them. Mommy doesn't mind."

Closing the distance between us, I kissed her and she pulled off my shirt, I could feel her nipples harden, as we pressed close and danced with our tongues. Kissing I bent down and took one of her breasts in my mouth. Her tits were pink, small and seemed perfect for her body. I let my hand drop to her pussy, which was shaved down and only had a small triangle of hair. She was already wet and my finger pushed in very easy. I played with her outer lips not wanting go too fast. Moaning into my mouth, she attacked the belt at my waist and pulled my pants down until they fell. I looked passed her to see Andrew in almost the same state of undress as me, pleased that he was enjoying himself, I used my other hand to slip down Chelsea's back to play with her ass. I always get a boyish kind of naughtiness doing this as it feels like I'm doing something taboo.

"Son if you don't fuck me soon Mommy is going to go crazy." Chelsea said.

Andrew was fully naked now, so I thought about taking charge a little. I spun Chelsea around vary hard and pushed her down towards her husband's cock. Andrew was very well endowed, having a cock that was sleek and smooth, his balls were well kept, trim and had almost no hair on them. I bent down to my new mommy and told her,

"Mommy I want to watch you suck Daddy's cock."

I didn't have to prompt her any further, she took him and sank down all the way. I could see her throat open to suck more of him in. Looking Andrew in the eye while his wife was going down on him made my cock twitch and I felt some pre-cum at my head. I went back to Chelsea feeling her ass and getting eye level with her pussy and cute little asshole. Because of the position that I put her in, made her wide open for me. Thinking that she was well turned on from the ordeal, I shoved my tongue into her pussy. I could hear her moaning around Andrew's cock. I felt around sucking one of her petals then another. I was avoiding her clit and as an added tease, blew cold air on it, making her give a pleading moan. Ignoring this I licked my way up to her asshole and licked around it. I then made my tongue into a spear and thrust it as hard as I could into her ass, she tasted wonderful and I even started to moan when I felt her climax.

"Oh my god she yelled I'm coming he's licking my asshole."

I pulled her up and she got on the bed her ass pointing up at me. Andrew shifted out of the way so I could follow her. Not waiting, I shoved myself into her waiting pussy all the way till my whole cock was in. I fell into a rhythm of slow and then fast, using my right hand to steady myself , the other to play with the outside of her little ass. Chelsea was loving it, screaming for me to fuck her harder and that I was such a good son fucking her like a little bitch. That's when I thought of Andrew. Getting a naughty little thought in my head, I pushed her down. She was cumming so much that I thought I might fuck her in the ass. I looked towards Andrew and he came around to watch. I pulled out my cock and pointed it at her ass. My eyes were burning at Andrew as I took his hand and put it around my cock. He seemed to take the hint and put it right at his wife's ass. He pumped it a few times making sure I was hard enough. Then I plunged into Chelsea's ass making her scream. 

"Oh fuck my asshole honey, make me your whore, I'm my son's slut and you can do me any time you want."

I was fucking her so hard that my heart, I thought, was somewhere between my spine and my brain. Andrew was slowly jerking off to us fucking, he was kneeling down on the left side of the bed. I reached over looking him in the eyes and getting the go ahead wrapped my hand around his cock. My god I was fucking someone's wife and giving her husband a handjob. Chelsea was coming over and over her asshole tensing every time she did. I asked her,

"Mommy do you like it when your son fucks your little asshole?"

"Yes baby give it to me I want you to come deep inside my ass then my pussy I will be your cum slut."

I looked over at Andrew he was softly moaning with his eyes shut. That's when I leaned over and put his cock in my mouth. Andrews's eyes flew open and he moaned out, Chelsea looked over to see me giving her husband a blowjob. His cock was a little salty but his pre-cum tasted good on my tongue, I had never done this before but his cock felt wonderful. I moved my tongue around his head and started moving up and down. Chelsea came one last time and I lost it, cum flew out of my cock down into her waiting asshole, Chelsea was screaming "cum in me baby I love it." Then Andrew told me he was cumming and I pushed my head down as far as it would go. His cum went straight down and I could feel his heart beat faster through the veins in his cock. After he was done cumming I couldn't keep myself up any longer, swaying I almost fell over. Andrew and Chelsea grabbed me and helped me to lie down. I kissed Chelsea.

"Thank you Mommy that was so much fun."

As my eyes closed, I felt so spent and tired. My new parent's whispered to me.

"You're welcome Son sleep well honey."