 An Introduction to this episode; As we know from the start this story has connected in plot. The first covered Erotic Couplings as the second covered Group Sex. This story covers a few more but I will keep it in group sex because that is the majority of it. I will let you read further and enjoy. This is one of those stories you wish you had an automatic scroll Smiles. 


The Helper

I was working for a very steady customer, one whom had been with me from the start of my business. She had a very large house and I guessed from her lavish taste of artwork and furniture that she had plenty of money.

I treated her like gold since she was my best customer when it came to money. Maybe I was kissing ass, but sometimes that is needed to acquire business. Mrs. Aklindimin or Mrs. A as I called her looked very good for her age; at 48 she had a very fit frame with long legs and a nice shapely ass.

Her breasts were not large but very perky. I had undressed her plenty of times in my mind when she came to overlook some of my work. 

As far as ass kissing goes I would not hesitate to brush my lips against her tight ass.

She had me working on a bedroom adding a few outlets and adding a connection for a computer which was going to be used by her niece who was coming to visit for the summer while school was out.

By the end of the day I was almost done and told her I would come to finish up tomorrow, she offered me a beer and we sat in the kitchen talking. I heard a knock on the door and as Mrs. A opened it I saw Sabrina, she was 19 and had a small frame with a very small tight ass. Her hair was tied in pig tails and had a school girl look about her. 

This is my niece John, she is going to stay the summer here while she is in between semesters. She smiled at me after Mrs. A introduced us. Sabrina wants to be a civil engineer one day and she has 2 years left of college.

I finished my beer and said good bye as I had to get home and check the computer e-mail for up coming jobs. As I got home I listened to the answering machine and checked my mail for incoming work, I had three jobs lined up for next week.

The next afternoon I returned to finish up what I started at Mrs. A's. I gave her my bill and she paid me well as always. Sabrina came in from outside looking sad; she had been out job hunting and could not find anything in her line of work.

Do you know how to draw landscape plans Sabrina, I asked? I have an outside landscaping job and I will need someone to design the layout. I also could use a helper for some of my other jobs coming up, its hard work but you look like you might be able to handle it.

She thought for a minute and agreed saying that she needed some money to repair her car before school started. I think I would like to do this Aunt Sarah; this will keep me busy this summer.

Good I'll come by here in the morning and we'll go to the first job so you will know what to do for drawing up this landscape. I'll pick you up every morning and drive you home. 

We met with the landowner and Sabrina took notes of their needs and also made some helpful suggestions on what would or would not be possible. I left her in the yard as I looked inside at what they wanted done. I drove Sabrina back home where she could work on her plans as I was going to organize and make calls for materials needed for inside.

The next morning I drove up to pick up Sabrina, she was on the porch drinking some coffee and relaxing on a fold up chair, I went inside to get myself a cup and grabbed a nice sugary doughnut that was set out.

Sabrina showed me her plans and told me what was needed to be done in order for this to work out easiest for us. She had done some landscaping before college and had an idea about how to develop her design.

That week we worked well together outside, we called a contractor to move some of the bigger amounts of landscape and we watched from the side. It was a hot day and she wore tight denim skirt and a tight shirt which showed her every curve, she looked very sexy and I had some ideas of getting closer to her than a working relationship.

We went inside to make a small repair, I had forgotten my ladder and told her we needed to get it to reach where we needed to fix. She suggested that if she climbed up on my shoulders she could make the repair and we could get it done quicker. I agreed and she climbed up on my shoulders and I held her soft legs as they wrapped around my shoulders.

She made the repair quickly and then pulled herself upward and turned around, I could smell her scent between her legs and she held my head caressing my hair, looking up I smiled at her. She lifted her skirt up and my lips made contact with her soft panties which were very moist.

I knew what she wanted and pulled her panty inseam to the side, my tongue licked her smooth lips as I tasted the wetness on them. She tasted good as my tongue teased her hard clit then slipped deep inside; my fingers squeezed her tight ass firmly.

She held my head tight against her pussy and moved it back and forth as my tongue slid in deep. She moaned softy as she fucked her pussy with my tongue, and as she came I sucked her sweet juices as they squirted out hard. Oh yes John I have wanted that for days, your tongue made me feel so good. When we finish here, I want some more of your hot tongue John.

We packed up the van and called the landowner to tell them we had to do some work in the shop. As I drove back Sabrina moved close to me and rubbed my cock while I drove, her eyes widened as she saw the bulge pressing against my jeans. I pulled into my driveway and pulled her close to me giving her a deep wet kiss, let's go inside and get more comfortable I said.

As we got inside I gave her a warm hug, her hands moved down and unsnapped my jeans, and she pulled them down and let me step out of them.

I felt her hands pulling my shirt up, I grabbed it and pulled it over my head as she rubbed my chest slowly. I sat down on the couch as she slowly pulled her shirt up over her head, her breasts were small and had a rose tattoo set between them.

She unsnapped her skirt with a smile on her face and pulled it with her panty's down quickly. Her pussy was shaven smooth with a small tuft of hair above. She took her fingers and rubbed her pussy as she knelt down. She spread my legs as she took my cock with one hand, rubbing the head with her thumb and running her tongue around it. She slowly took half of it in her mouth, sucking it slowly up and down while her hand stroked the rest of it.

I was in total pleasure as she sucked my hard cock, I could feel her tongue wrap around my cock as she went down on it. I was soon close to my climax, I told her I was very close and a big smile came to her lips.

Yes John I want to taste your hot cum, she moaned. Her mouth moved faster on my cock as so did her hand, she seemed to go down deeper almost taking the whole length down her throat. As she came up she looked at me and moaned, let me taste your hot cum. Then slowly took the whole length down and came back up.

I came hard as she did this, and watched her suck me clean and lick off every drop of cum from my cock. Her tongue licked her lips to get the rest, and then she took her wet finger from her pussy and let me suck it. I got up and took her by the hand; I think you will like my shower come with me. The shower is a large walk in with a showerhead on each wall,all at different levels and each with its own set of valves.

Ohhh I think I am going to like this she said grinning. We turned them all on and I turned the waist high one to pulse. She moved close to it and moaned as it massaged her pussy with warm water.

I moved behind her and pressed my cock against her pussy from behind,with one slow push I filled her tight pussy with my hard cock. I could feel her squeeze hard on it as I fucked her slowly, I slapped her ass in between stokes.

Ohhh gawd yes fuck me hard, she moaned. Fill my pussy with your big cock; I want to feel all of it inside me. Her soft moans turned to loud screams as she came all over my cock, she hung on to the showerhead and steered it to her clit to prolong her climax.

I spread her cheeks to expose her tight little rosebud, I rubbed my thumb across it as I kept my hard cock inside her. I reached for some lube on the shelf and dripped some on her ass; she tensed up as I slid one finger in. I could feel her tighten on my finger then relax, I slid another in as she relaxed and matched the slow strokes of my cock.

Dripping more lube on her tight hole I slowly pulled my cock out of her pussy, I pressed it against her ass and told her to relax and I would go slow. I felt her pressing back against my cock as I pushed it slowly inside her tight ass; soon she relaxed and had all of it inside. I fucked her tight ass slowly as she fingered her pussy; her orgasm came very quickly and lasted several minutes. I pulled my cock out slowly as I felt her finish cumming; I took the soap and washed my cock stroking it in front of her.

Ohhh John let me do that she said softly, her hands stroked my soapy cock and squeezed hard as they passed the head. She rinsed the soap all off my cock and balls, and took my cock in her lips again sucking it deep. Her fingers caressed my balls as she gave me head, she soon knew I was ready to cumm again; this time much harder.

I came very hard feeling her swallowing every bit of my cumm, just as I started I felt her slip her long finger inside my ass and pull it out quickly as I finished cumming. I held her close, you're the best helper I have ever had I said with a smile.

We dressed and ordered take out, our dinner was quick and we spent some time planning the job. I told her that when we were at the job site she was going to have to keep her mind on the job and not on fucking, we can address that after we finish I told her. She smiled brightly at that comment.

The next few weeks went very well, I bought her a cell phone for her to use, and I had decided to let her do some of the landscape design jobs on her own. One morning Tammy called and said she had some work for me; she wanted outside and inside of her deck landscaped. I told her of Sabrina and how good of a helper she was, and that we would both come over today to see what she wanted done.

I picked Sabrina up and told her what we were going to do today, she brought her laptop to make the design easier. I introduced her to Tammy and we went to see what we could do. Sabrina was impressed by the deck and tub and started to lay out some ideas for outside. The plans called for some planting boxes to run down the outside of the steps and a nice border of flowers around the edge.

I told her I was going to my shop to make the boxes and that she could start planting the outside rim with what Tammy had bought. I would return in a few hours to install the boxes. I left and went to work in my shop and knew Sabrina would take good care of Tammy's needs.

Sabrina worked very hard and did a wonderful job laying out the floral display; she was watering it while Tammy came down the deck stairs.

She showed her what she needed to do to keep them in perfect growing condition, and then used the hose to rinse off her hands and knees.

Would you like to use my shower Sabrina, asked Tammy? After that you can join me for a little vegetable snack I have made for us. She led her to the bathroom and gave her a towel, if you need anything else give me a yell she said smiling.

Sabrina jumped in the shower and soaped herself up, she like to play in the shower and soon her nipples were very hard from the stimulation of her soapy fingers. As she came out and dried off she found a new set of clothes sitting there. She wrapped a towel around her and called for Tammy to ask her where hers went to.

I thought I would throw them in the wash since they were a little dirty, and I have quite a few outfits in my room since I am a model she said smiling. I have others if you don't like what's there. Tammy closed the door so she could dress.

Sabrina put on the shorts and tube top, the spandex hugged her curves well, and she looked in the mirror admiring her new outfit. A smile came to her face as she thought; I look very hot in this. She came out and thanked Tammy who was setting up a table on the deck for their lunch break.

Oh that fits you very well Sabrina, turn around and let me see. Tammy looked at her sexy curves as she turned slowly, her eyes fixed on Sabrina's cute little ass. Mmmm she thought, maybe I'll call Pammy and we can have a little fun with her after lunch. 

She got her cell phone and called Pam, hey girlfriend come over and join me for lunch, John's helper is here and she did a wonderful job around my deck. She is a little hottie and maybe we could have some fun with her in the tub. She put the phone down and went back out to the deck, I have a friend of mine coming over to join us for lunch. You will like her she also model's with me.

Pam came over quickly and joined them for lunch, Sabrina was a little worried about not putting in a full days work. Pam assured her that John would not mind and he wasn't here now anyway. They sat on the deck and did some girl talk, Sabrina was beginning to loosen up and enjoy being there. You know I would like to relax in the tub Tammy would you and Sabrina like to join me and continue our girl talk there?

Well I do not have my bathing suit with me, unless Tammy has one inside I can borrow. She looked at Tammy who nodded her head and brought her and Pam inside, they looked through all of the different bikinis and Tammy handed her a very skimpy thong. 

It's all I have for your size dear, try it on and see how you like it. You can go behind the panel to change, but hey we're all girls here and your not gonna shock me.

Sabrina took off her tube top and put the bikini top on, it held her breasts perfect and part of the rose was visible. She pushed the tight spandex shorts down and her panty's and put on the sheer thong adjusting it for comfort. She turned around slowly in front of them smiling, well how do I look?

You look hot Sabrina that one fits you perfect, in fact call it a gift from me said Tammy. They all changed and did a little show off in front of each other; Sabrina was beginning to get a little turned on looking at them. They headed back to the deck to relax in the tub, each finding a nice corner to sit in and get massaged by the bubbles.

Pam loosened her top and tossed it to the deck floor, Tammy followed suit and commented on how nice the water felt on her breasts. Sabrina was feeling bold and also removed hers, and felt the warm water sooth them. Tammy and Pam started a small splash game, moving closer to each other. Sabrina was beginning to get very turned on having a wonderful feeling between her legs.

The two splashed each other and Pam began to hide behind Sabrina, she moved closer pushing her between Tammy and herself. Tammy opened her arms and hugged them both, mmmmmm now I got you she said grinning. 

Sabrina could feel Tammy's breasts pressing against hers; she looked at her knowing this was not accidental. Pam pressed her breasts against her back; sabrina could feel her nipples harden as she was soon sandwiched between them.

She had been with other women in college and loved it at times, she brought her lips to kiss Tammy and wrapped her arms around her and caress her back. She felt Pam's hands untying her thong, her hands brushed softly between her legs which parted with the first touch. Sabrina moaned deeply into Tammy's mouth as their tongues danced with each other, she could feel Pam's hands caressing her bottom softly.

Pam moved next to Tammy and motioned to Sabrina to come to the other side; they kissed together and kissed down her neck and chest. They both licked and sucked on Tammy's hard nipples, she had leaned back to enjoy the treat.

As Sabrina's tongue teased Tammy's breasts, Pam had laid Tammy on the edge of the tub and climbed between her legs. Her tongue licked up and down Tammy's pussy while her fingers fucked her slowly. The two of them had her cumming quickly and Pam pulled her wet fingers out and brought them to her mouth, she offered them to Sabrina who quickly sucked them into her lips and tasted the sweet juices. A smile came to her lips as Pam pushed her fingers in and out of her lips.

Lets get out and take this inside shall we, said Tammy. They dried each other off kissing and playing and walked to the living room. Pam had stopped in the kitchen to get some chocolate syrup. Sabrina sat down first on the couch while Tammy cuddled close and licked her nipples to hardness.

You have such nice tits Sabrina; I love how your nipples get so hard when I lick them. Pam squirted some chocolate syrup on both her breasts and they both licked them all over, and then kissed each other deeply sharing the chocolate. Sabrina took the syrup and squeezed a long line from her breasts to her pussy; she coated her lips and small tuft of hair with the syrup.

Tammy and Pam looked at her smiling, gave her push down on her back and each kissed and licked down the line. Sabrina moaned softly as their tongues licked her tuft of hair clean and each of them licking up and down her smooth lips. Pam moved above her head and lowered herself down to Sabrina's tongue, she squealed as she felt it tease her clit.

Sabrina's hips were thrusting upward as she fucked Tammy's tongue, oh gawd yes I am gonna cummmm.

Tammy's fingers were busy in her own pussy as she was getting close too, Ohhhhhh girls lets all cummmm together said Pam. They all reached orgasm together; Sabrina's cum dripped down her legs while Tammy licked her clean, while Pam kissed and licked Sabrina's mouth sharing her cumm. They pulled Tammy up close and all three licked and sucked her fingers clean.

I think we need to take a shower and clean us up before John gets here, said Tammy. It's not big enough for all of us but two can fit and someone can watch she said grinning. She led them to the shower and turned it on to warm it all up. Who is going to be first asked Tammy?

Pam took Sabrina by the hand and pulled her inside the shower, they left the door open so Tammy could watch and also watch Tammy as her fingers did their magic.

She took the shampoo and washed Sabrina's hair then rinsing it off slowly she took the loofa sponge and put some moisturizing soap on it washing the front of her.

She turned her around and washed down her back, kneeling she washed between her sexy legs and pussy. She then pulled the sponge across her lips then up between the crack of her ass, she heard Sabrina moan softly as it made contact.

Tammy wanted to get involved and moved in front, her lips brushed against Sabrina's pussy while Pam kissed all over the cheeks. She spread them wide and licked her tight hole teasing it. They each tongue fucked Sabrina as she screamed with lust, ohhhh gawd here I cumm again.

She held Tammy's head tightly against her pussy as she came hard in Tammy's mouth. After she finished cumming her legs were very weak and had to sit down. You girls certainly know how to make me cumm good she said smiling.

She sat and watched Tammy soap Pam all over, after she rinsed off all the soap she licked her hard nipples. She softly bit them with her lips as her hand rubbed Pam's clit. She slid her two fingers inside and fucked her hard, Pam squealed with delight as she came all over Tammy's hand. She quickly pulled her up and licked her fingers with Tammy. They settled back in Tammy's bedroom playing dress up, modeling for each other. Sabrina had so much fun doing this.

I finally finished what I was working on and packed them in the truck. I had a plan on how they were to be put up so when I got there I wasted no time and got them all nailed up in the proper place. I made plenty of noise with my nail gun and thought that Sabrina would come out to help me. Thinking again though, I knew who she was with and did see Pam's car in front; so I figured she was partying with them. Soon they all came out on the deck to greet me; they all were dressed in very sexy outfits which was quite a turn on.
