 Many thanks for the positive feedback from my first story so please let me know what you think of this one.

To get the full background to this story it would be best to read "The Hidden Room"

*

After the first episode with Tracey, things got better and better on all fronts.

Business was good and the new premises was more than paying for itself as we attracted a lot of foot fall that we had missed previously, so much so that we had to employ another office based advisor to keep on top of the new business that was literally walking in off the street.

Things were great with Tracey as well. After that first evening together in our hidden room we decided to start an ongoing but open relationship which we agreed to keep under wraps until such times as the time was right to go public, and of course we kept our hidden room a secret from the other members of the staff.

The sex was brilliant for both of us, and at times we both had problems waiting for the other members of staff to go home before we went to our room for some mutual relief. It was during these sessions where we were open and honest with each other that I found out that Tracey wasn't always the innocent woman I thought she was. In fact she had some experience of girl on girl action when she experimented with her sister some years before, and said that although in the past she quite enjoyed the experience

Over a short period of time, we tidied the room up with a bit of redecoration, put in a new king size bed, a large flat screen TV, but we kept the stocks that we both had such fond memories of, and which we used quite regularly!! I also installed some covert CCTV cameras and motion activated recording equipment so that we could both watch ourselves on the big screen TV, usually after we were coming down from one session and getting ready for another one!!

Well could things get any better??

Due to the large volumes of business we were writing, we started getting a lot of attention from various insurance companies who wanted us to sign us as principal agents, where in return we would put more business with them, whilst also earning higher commissions. 

It was very interesting playing one company against another just to see to what lengths they would go to in order to secure our business. 

In the main Tracey held all the initial meetings and reported back to me and between us we narrowed the choice to three companies, who we informed accordingly, and asked them to submit their final proposals to us for final consideration. 

Over the period of a few days the proposals arrived, and in the main they were all very similar so Tracey suggested a final meeting with all the companies further to which we would make our final decision.

Being very busy during working hours we arranged the meetings in the evenings, where the companies involved insisted in taking us for a meal and an evening out to discuss their proposal, and it was at the first of these meetings that things went to another level.

On the appropriate evening, Tracey & I arrived at the arranged venue by taxi, a country house hotel which I knew to be very upmarket and also very expensive, but who was I to consider the cost when I knew the insurance company would be picking up the bill.

We were greeted in reception by John, the representative of the insurance company with whom we had been dealing, and after greetings he told us he had been joined by Wendy, his immediate line manager, who its turns out reported directly to the main board of the company, so they were obviously taking things seriously.

Sitting in the bar, we were soon joined by Wendy and what an entrance. She was dressed in a very smart but casual two piece suit that fitted in all the right places, but what stood out (literally) was her chest, she must have been at least a 40 or 42 chest and at least D or DD cup and I guessed about the same age as me. As she came toward us she literally glided over the floor, and made every male and some female heads in the room turn. If her chest wasn't enough, her black shoulder length tousled hair and green eyes said it all. 

After introductions she explained her role within the company, and also how much she on behalf of the insurance company wanted our signature on the contract. I explained that although the business owner, Tracey would also have to agree to form a relationship so she had to win the two of us over, to which she responded that she didn't see any problems with that at all!! Was it me or did I read too much into her answer.

Over pre dinner drinks in the bar Wendy outlined the proposal which was all very impressive, and she kept up constant eye contact with both Tracey & I, keeping us both involved in the conversation. 

Wendy was sat between Tracey and myself and on more than one occasion leant forward brushing her breast on my arm whilst pointing out something on the document that was on the table in front of us. What I also noticed was that she was doing the same thing to Tracey? After about 30 minutes of business talk we decided dinner was in order, and whilst walking to the restaurant John had a call on his mobile which he said he needed to answer. Turns out he had problems at home and had to make a swift exit. Whilst talking privately to Wendy explaining his problem Tracey & I had a quick quiet word. 

"Wendy is very touchy feely" Tracey said, "she's been rubbing her breasts on your arm at every opportunity". 

"I know, but she's been doing it to you as well" I responded.

There was no jealousy in our comments, so we agreed to see how far Wendy would go in order to get a signature, as we were both thinking the same thing.

After John's departure, Wendy made it clear she had the two of us to herself and ushered us into the restaurant. 

Sat at the table, Wendy on the opposite side from Tracey & myself, we enjoyed a lovely meal and excellent and very flirtatious conversation, during which Wendy told she had a suite booked in the hotel for the evening, and she had a very big bed in the room.

During the meal Wendy excused herself to take a call, and once again Tracey said that Wendy was flirting with the two of us. In a rushed conversation we agreed to try and turn the tables on Wendy and we agreed we would take things as far as we could. Over a swiftly exchanged kiss the deal was struck, and we agreed whatever we did we did it together.

When Wendy returned we ordered more wine and carried on from where we had left off, this time though the suggestive comments came from Tracey and me and Wendy didn't know who to look at first. The conversation and wine seemed to be having an effect as shortly after Wendy started to become a bit fidgety in her chair, and also starting to comment on how hot it was getting in the room, so much so she took her suit jacket off.

As soon as it was off, my eyes nearly popped out. Her blouse was pulled tight across her tits and through the white material it was easy to see two large nipples straining to get out from the confines of her bra.

The squeeze on my upper thigh from Tracey's hand told me she had noticed the display as well.

As Wendy kept up the eye contact and conversation, I decided to take things up a level, as I wanted to prove I hadn't misread the signs.

Slipping my shoe off, I sneaked my leg under the table until it touched Wendy's calf. When I had no negative response from her I started moving my foot up and down, ankle to knee and back again. She was good; she didn't even bat an eye lid. After a few minutes of this Wendy must have wanted more as she definitely shifted in her seat and opened her knees apart. Encouraged by her actions and willingness I moved my foot further forward until the sole of my foot was pressing along her upper thigh and against the smoothness of her stocking clad leg. 

At this point Tracey once again placed her hand on my upper thigh, I though to grab hold of my dick, but she was simply moving the table cloth away from her lap, in order to show me that she was receiving the same attention from Wendy which unbeknown to her Wendy was receiving from me.

A glance between the three of us acknowledged that we all knew what was going on, and it was on my suggestion that we go and check on Wendy's impressive hotel suite that brought things to a temporary halt.

The suite as it turns out was in the old wing of the building, and was indeed impressive, the focal of which was the extra large double bed which seemed to dominate the room.

When we all entered the room together, there was that awkward moment of silence, broken by Wendy asking if we wanted a drink, and that we should help ourselves whilst she went into the bathroom.

As soon as the door to the bathroom closed Tracey grabbed me in a really deep kiss, pushing my jacket from my shoulders whilst at the same time pushing me back against the bed making me fall backwards but making sure she didn't let go of me and continuing our kiss.

So engrossed with each other and our tongue probing kisses we didn't hear Wendy come out of the bathroom, rather we both felt the bed move as she got onto the bed with the two of us. 

Wendy didn't say anything, she simply sat on her haunches and then the fun really started. She reached down to stroke Tracey's back, and very soon I heard the zip on Tracey's skirt being undone.

With a little movement and cooperation from Tracey her skirt was soon on the floor next to my jacket, leaving her in just her suspenders, stockings, and French knickers.

Rising to her knees Tracey kept up the assault on my lips, and Wendy went to the end of the bed and started to stroke Tracey's bum and the inside of her thighs. It was as though the touch paper had been lit when Wendy's hand brushed against Tracey's knicker covered pussy, as Tracey lifted her head and let out a guttural moan. Things were getting interesting!

Having drunk a fair amount, I needed to excuse myself and go to the bathroom and relieve my bladder, so I slipped out from under Tracey and left the two of them together, and wondering what I was going to see when I came back.

Going to the toilet took a little longer than I thought, as I couldn't find the light switch, and then I decided to throw some water on my face, but the sight that greeted me when I got back in the main room was a picture to behold. 

Tracey was still on her back on the bed, now divest of her blouse, bra & knickers, so only dressed in suspender belt & stockings, and knelt over her, in a similar state of dress, Wendy was in the classic 69 position. Both women were feasting on each others cunts, tongues and fingers being used to the maximum and from the noises coming from both of them they were definitely both enjoying themselves.

With the old phrase of two companies and threes a crowd going through my mind, I decided to leave the two of them to it, and watched the proceedings whilst slowly taking my cloths off. 

When fully undressed and my cock at full attention, I couldn't resist any longer, I went to the head of the bed where Tracey's tongue was flicking against Wendy's clit, and I started playing with Wendy's arsehole. As my fingers bumped against Tracey's she opened her eyes and realised that I was there, and motioned for me to continue. Tracey stopped the kissing of Wendy's clit and sunk first one and then two fingers into Wendy's fanny getting a muffled satisfied sigh from Wendy who was still busy between Tracey's thighs. 

The smile on her face told the story that she was definitely enjoying herself and with her spare hand reached for my erect cock, stroking it in time with her fingers plunging in and out of Wendy's fanny. Pulling my cock towards her she kissed the head and sunk the first couple of inches into her mouth. God it felt great!! With my hands now spreading Wendy's arse cheeks wide, I sank a finger into her arse, only to the first joint, but it caused Wendy to stiffen her body at the unexpected entry, but after a long contented moan she continued with her feasting on Tracey's fanny. 

All my dreams were coming true.

After Tracey's mouth had been keeping my penis warm and wet for about five minutes, she let it pop from her lips, and literally pulled me by the dick so that I was kneeling, straddling her head, and putting my rock hard dick in the perfect position to give Wendy a little surprise.

Taking her fingers from her fanny, Tracey lined up my penis with Wendy's now gaping moist fanny, and with a quick flex of the knees the head was inside her, and within a couple of thrusts I was buried balls deep into a lovely warm fanny, not as tight as Tracey's, but snug none the less. 

Wendy raised herself up on her arms, and pushed back into me, holding her breath while she got accustomed to the 8" of meat that was buried deep inside her. Not letting her recover for a moment, Tracey started flicking her tongue against Wendy's clit, and from the noise she was now making, we knew she was moving towards an explosive orgasm. I think we both sensed it at the same time, Wendy just held still as I plunged inside her, fucking her for all I was worth, and she just stared shaking through a massive orgasm. I could tell from the moisture around my dick that Wendy was coming in buckets, and I just continued ploughing into her as she went through a real knee trembling orgasm.

When she let out a contented groan, I knew it was time to give Wendy a rest, so after taking my still erect penis from her fanny she simply rolled over onto her side making a loud satisfied sigh.

I looked down at Tracey, and as well as being very rosy cheeked, she was covered in Wendy's juices, all over her face and the top of her shoulders. I immediately bent down and kissed her full on the lips, savouring the taste, and also the passion of the moment.

Where Wendy's needs had been more than catered for, turns out that Tracy still hadn't had an orgasm and her stroking hand found that I was still fully erect as well.

With a little encouragement and manipulation from Tracey, she soon had me laid on my back, and she was knelt beside me with her lips around my cock, licking off the juices left from Wendy's fanny. 

When she was satisfied with her cleaning duties, she straddled my hips, and kneeling to one side held up my cock to the entrance of her pussy, and very, very slowly she impaled herself on my cock, and in one long movement she was sitting fully on my cock. With contented looks on both our faces, Tracey simply sat there for a few moments before stating to rise and fall on my man meat.

Playing with her nipples, pulling and twisting them as she rode my cock, it was having the right effect on her, and she was soon starting to moan from the intense pleasure she was experiencing.

This noise and the movement of the bed must have brought Wendy back round, because the next thing I knew she had moved herself up the bed and was starting to kiss me, her tongue exploring the inside of my mouth.

Without saying a word, she then manoeuvred herself so she was kneeling next to my head, all the time keeping eye contact with me, and then with a quick twist she was straddling my face and I was greeted with the sight of a slightly open fanny and a clit standing out and proud.

As Wendy lowered herself on my tongue she took over playing with Tracey's nipples because she moved one of my hands to play with Tracey's clit and the other hand she directed to her own, and from a shift in position that I could feel as I couldn't see anything they obviously were enjoying a long and enjoyable kiss.

My tongue was working overtime and I was soon lapping up Wendy's womanly juices, and from the sounds coming from the two women I could tell they were both very close to what was going to be a biggie.

Rubbing two clits at the same time, my tongue plunging in and out of Wendy and with Tracey bouncing on my rock hard cock, I soon started to feel the tremble in my balls, and as if on cue, I could feel that both Tracey and Wendy were on the verge as well.  

Wendy's climax came first, with her clamping her thighs around my head as she let go with her womanly juices which I eagerly lapped up, and that sent Tracey over the edge and her fanny contracted around my cock as she shuddered into her orgasm, and that sent me over the edge with my hips lifting off the bed to get as far into Tracey as I possibly could.

With much moaning and groaning the three of us experienced tremendous orgasms, and once the two women had come down from their high, they simultaneously lifted a leg and slumped on the bed, Tracey on my left and Wendy to my right, where they then cuddled upto me with each of their heads on my chest and my arms holding them tight. So tired were we from our exertions that we soon drifted to off to sleep.

In the morning with the sunlight streaming through the window, I woke up to the sight of Wendy bending over the bed to give me a good morning kiss, which was a very pleasant way to start the day. 

From the sounds coming from the bathroom Tracey was enjoying her morning shower, and after her wake up call, Wendy went onto explain that she had to leave promptly for another business meeting but, and with a wink of her eye, we were both welcome to use the facilities of the Hotel for as long as we wanted and she would pick up the tab. 

As she was leaving the room, she turned her head to me and placed a brown A4 envelope on the end of the bed. "The contract" she said, "Can I expect your signature?" "I will consult with Tracey but I would think things look quite favourable" I answered, whereupon a beautiful smile appeared on her face and the reply "Good, once the ink is dry we will have to celebrate with a nice meal and maybe more?" and with that and asking me to say goodbye to Tracey for her she was leaving the room.

Tracey soon emerged from the bathroom, dressed in a white fluffy dressing gown, and questioned where Wendy was. After repeating the conversation I had had with Wendy she picked up the brown envelope and with a questioning look in her eyes asked, "Well are you going to sign the contract or do you still want to meet the other contenders??"

Well did I sign or not?