 In 1978, when I was just out of high school, I lucked into a job at a small market radio station. I started out on overnights, but at age 19 -- after just a few months on the air -- I was moved into the afternoon drive shift. On-air staff in radio aren't usually allowed the luxury of holidays off, so I found myself working on Thanksgiving Day. Since the rest of the staff had the day off, the place was deserted. I was the only one there for my entire five-hour shift. I was bored to death; the phones were dead, there was no one around to talk to. After about three hours of excruciating boredom, the front door buzzer went off. Checking to make sure I had enough time left on the record, I scooted down the hall to find two very cute girls at the door -- one blonde and one brunette. I unlocked the door to ask them what they wanted, and the blonde spoke up:

"I'm Nancy Wilson, and this is my sister, Ann. You know, from Heart?"

Now aside from being comprised of one blonde and one brunette, the pair bore no resemblance to the musical group. The blonde still had some baby fat on her, and the brunette was a tiny little waif -- quite the opposite of the REAL Wilson sisters. So I'm not sure if they expected me to believe them, especially since I had just interviewed the real thing a few days before! But I was bored, and I thought I'd play along with the story.

"Nancy! Ann! Nice to meet you. What can I do for you?"

"We thought you could interview us," the blonde replied, "and, you know, play our records or something."

Now I'm sure there was some sort of station policy about allowing strangers in the building, but I was so bored...and these girls were so cute! So I let them in and told them to follow me down to the studio.

We spent the rest of my shift smoking cigarettes and chatting about nothing in particular...music, mostly. The blonde (Nancy) did most of the talking. She was wearing a very sheer loose top and no bra, so that I got some generous peeks at her breasts when she moved her arms or bent over to pull a smoke out of her purse. I even had a couple of quick nipple shots. I'm sure she noticed me looking, but she didn't seem to care.

When my relief got in at 7:00, I took the girls on a quick tour of the station. I showed them the sales office and the locked doors of the program director's and music director's offices, then took them back into engineering to look at the glowing transmitter tubes. I strolled past the transmitter and into the engineer's unlocked office, a small room with a bench filled with tools.

"This is where the engineer fixes stuff," I said, pointing out the oscilloscope, soldering gun and other engineering accoutrements. Just then Nancy reached up and gave me a sloppy, wet kiss on the lips. I reached behind and closed the door to the office and returned the kiss, probing her wet mouth with my tongue. As our tongues tangoed, I slid my hand under her loose top and gently cradled her breast in my hand. Her breasts were plump and very firm. My cock stiffened at the touch of her breast, and I gently grazed a finger over her nipple, feeling it rise to attention as well. With my other hand, I gave her ass squeeze and brought her crotch up against me stiff dick. When we came up for air, I noticed the brunette (Ann) leaning nervously against the engineer's bench. She looked very uncomfortable and was twisting her finger in her hand.

"I'm sorry," I said to Ann. "You look uncomfortable. Do you want me to drive you home?"

Ann shook her head as Nancy spoke up. "Ann's a virgin."

"Tsk, don't tell him that!"

"Well, it's true, isn't it?"

Ann slowly nodded her head in affirmation.

"But she's going out with Jeff Stocker. And he's HOT!"

Ann smiled at this.

"But Jeff's getting a little frustrated cuz Ann won't put out."

Ann's smile turned to a frown. "I'm just a little scared, that's all."

"Well pay attention," Nancy said, "and maybe you'll learn something."

She tugged at the hem of my t-shirt and I helped her pull it over my head. Then she undid my belt buckle, unbuttoned my jeans and slid the zipper down. Since skin-tight jeans were the fashion back then, I had to help her slide my pants down to the floor before I stepped out of them. My rock-hard cock was stretching the material of my briefs.

"Have you ever seen a dick before, Ann?" Nancy asked.

Ann nodded, her eyes glued to the bulge in my briefs.

"I mean a MAN'S dick, not your little brother's."

Ann shook her head.

Nancy got down on her knees and kissed the head of my cock through my cotton briefs. "Do you want to see it?" she asked her friend who responded with an uncertain nod. Nancy pulled the elastic of my briefs and peeked over the edge. "Are you sure?"

Ann nodded more vigorously and Nancy finally pulled my shorts down, allowing my cock to spring free.

Ann's eyes grew as big as saucers. "It's so...so...so big!"

Nancy started gently stroking my cock, teasing the underside with the tip of her finger.

"Can I...can I touch it?" Ann asked. I nodded. She tentatively reached out a finger to stroke my stiffness. "Wow, it's HARD. And so warm!"

I looked down to see two succulent teenagers stroking my dick. I thought I would come right there. I reached down and pulled Nancy's top over her head, revealing a pair of perfect round breasts. Ann's view switched from my dick to her friend's breasts.

"Wow, Nancy," she said. "You have NICE tits."

"Thanks," she replied. "And they're very firm. Go ahead, give 'em a squeeze." 

Ann reached out both hands and cupped her friend's breasts, feeling their heft in her palms. 

Nancy flicked her tongue over the tip of my cock before saying, "Ann, you're the only one here who's still fully clothed." Ann nervously crossed her arms over her chest. "C'mon, Ann. You got to look at MY titties."

Nancy stood up and pulled her friend's arms to her side, then slowly undid a button on her sweater. I reached over and unhooked the second button. We took turns that way until we finally had her sweater all the way open, revealing a little white bra. We then went to work on her jeans and slid them down to the floor. Ann was wearing a matching pair of white panties. Nancy then reached behind her friend to unhook her bra. As she did so, Nancy's bountiful breasts bounced against Ann's skin. I thought I detected a slight shiver from Ann. Once she unhooked the bra, Nancy pulled it away to reveal the cutest little tits I've ever seen. Just tiny mounds, really, topped with small, dark nipples. Nancy took one of those nipples in her mouth, and Ann moaned softly. I bent over and sucked her other nipple into my mouth, flicking my tongue across her stiffening flesh.

"I know," Nancy said as she released her friend's nipple from her mouth. "I'll teach you how to give a blow job for the next time you see Jeff. He'll LOVE you!"

Nancy got back down on her knees and once again flicked her tongue across the head of my dick. She motioned for her friend to join her in front of me. "Start slowly, with the tongue on the head," she instructed. "That'll drive 'im crazy. Then ever so gradually, take more and more of his dick in your mouth." Nancy put her lips all the way around the head of my cock, and slowly eased it all the way in before sliding it back out. "OK, your turn." Ann looked up at me before she gingerly shot a tongue across my cock. She then opened her lips wide and slowly engulfed my dick. The two then took turns sucking on my dick. In. Out. Nancy. Ann. Blonde. Brunette. I was going out of my mind! Watching these two nubile girls taking turns sucking on my dick. I started to groan and thrust my hips while my cock was deep inside Ann's mouth. She quickly released it.

"You're not gonna...you know...in my mouth?" she asked.

"Oh c'mon," Nancy responded. "That's the best part!"

Nancy took control from this point, sliding up and down on my shaft while she used one hand to massage my balls. I was screaming in ecstasy in no time.

"Oh, yeah! Suck it! Suck my cock, baby!" I looked over at Ann who was watching in rapt attention. I felt my balls tighten and a forceful stream of cum erupted from my dick into Nancy's mouth. I pumped and pumped and she swallowed it all--except for one drop that landed on her chin.

"THAT'S how you give a blowjob," Nancy smiled as she wiped the errant drop of cum from her chin and lapped it up with her tongue. "Guys absolutely LOVE that. But the best part is when they do it to you." Nancy unbuttoned her jeans and slid them and her pink panties to the floor. Her pussy was luscious. A pair of firm, juicy lips protruded from her blonde bush. With one arm, she pushed the engineer's tools to one side and jumped up on the bench. "Now do me," she said spreading her legs for me. I got down on me knees and plunged my tongue deep into her pussy. She was soaking wet, so I lapped up all of her sweet juice before I started flicking my tongue across her clit. Nancy started thrashing her legs across the bench top, thrusting her eager pussy toward my quivering tongue. In the meantime, Ann had apparently taken quite a fascination with my dick as I felt a wet tongue sliding up and down my shaft. Nancy's moans intensified, and her friend left my cock to stand beside me and watch her friend writhe on the bench. She kept one hand on my ass and watched her friend explode in the second orgasm she'd ever witnessed.

"Oh God! Yes! Fuck my pussy with your tongue!" With each of Nancy's thrusts I could feel Ann's nails digging into my ass. Nancy grabbed my head and held it tight to her pussy as she trembled to an orgasm. "Oh, fuck yes!" she cried.

As Nancy collapsed on the bench, I turned to Ann and put my mouth to hers. She eagerly accepted my probing tongue.

"Hey," she said. "I can taste--"

"My pussy!" Nancy cried. "Let me taste!" Nancy leaned forward and stuck her tongue down my throat before licking at her own juices from around my chin and cheeks. "My pussy tastes great!"

"Mmmm," Ann said as she turned her brown eyes toward me. "Can I...could you..."

"You want him to fuck you with his tongue, don't you?"

Ann nodded vigorously and slipped her panties off. Her pussy lips were much less pronounced than her friend's, and it was almost bare except for a few wisps of brown curls. Nancy instructed me to lie on the carpeted floor. She crouched over my once again hard cock and brought the head inside her pussy. The feeling was unimaginable. Nancy's pussy was still soaking wet, but very tight, so I struggled to slide my cock all the way in. "Mmmm," she moaned at the feel of my dick filling her cunt. She looked up at her friend. "Now crouch over his face. Yeah, put your pussy right up to his lips."

I was treated to the most gorgeous sight I've ever seen. This slightly chubby but very cute little blonde riding my cock, and the brunette's tight little ass crouching down over my face as she straddled me while facing her friend. I stuck my tongue out to meet her and tasted her warm juice as Ann let out a loud moan.

"Oh!" she cried. "Lick me! Lick my...lick my...lick my pussy! Yes!"

I didn't have to do much work at all. Ann rocked on her hips, sliding her pussy back and forth over my tongue. The view was incredible. When Ann lifted her tight little ass from my face, I could see Nancy's pussy engulfing my cock. The two both had their arms out, fondling each other's tits and squeezing their nipples. Ann's butt started to rock and she let out a deep moan as she ground her pussy into my face. "Oh, fuck I think I'm...I think I'm gonna...YES! OH YEAH!"

That was enough to send me over the edge. My cock started twitching and I shot what was left of my cum deep into Nancy's pussy. The chain reaction spread to Nancy, who put her arms down and grabbed my ass as she rocked my cock to a second shuddering orgasm.

Afterward, we lay on the floor in a spent heap smoking post-orgasmic cigarettes. Nancy finally broke the silence. "You know," she said, exhaling a puff of smoke. "We're not REALLY Heart."

"No?" I asked innocently. "You sure had me fooled. But I'll bet the REAL Ann and Nancy don't fuck nearly as good as you two do."