 Hi, my name is Alison or Allie as I usually like to be called. I'd like to share with you a naughty encounter which happened to me a few years back. I'm 25 and have been happily married for just a little bit over five years. I met my husband Steve during my last year at university when I was studying art. I'd been content to be the dutiful housewife and work on my paintings.

Steve had landed himself a very prestigious job quite soon after we married. I sold the occasional piece which made me happy and kept me busy. Steve was more than happy to be the breadwinner and let me do my own thing.

Five years into our marriage Steve got the big promotion he had always wanted. This meant a change in job role for him and his company started sending him on frequent business trips, which would often last for a week or two at the most. This was left me with far too much free time on my hands. Boredom led me to taking aerobics classes, working out, joining our neighborhood book club.

The last act of desperation was when I joined the neighborhood watch group. It was a watch group in name only. Most of the neighbors on my street were quite a bit older than Steve and myself. The group was more interested in gossip and scandal than anything else. Our little area was fairly boring until Kayla and Taylor moved onto the street. Both of them were in their early twenties. Almost instantly they were the subject of gossip. This was not without reason however the two girls seemed to have constant amount of guys coming and going.

As the youngest member of the watch and someone close to their age I was sent to investigate. I said yes purely out of excitement. The girls kept to themselves and weren't harming anyone. I went round one afternoon and was greeted by a bubbly little blonde in a dressing gown.

"Hi, I'm Allie. I thought I'd come round and introduce myself. Welcome you to the street." I told her.

"I'm Taylor. Would you like to come in for a coffee?" She asked me.

We headed into her kitchen and while she was making us a drink a guy in his late twenties came down the stairs with a huge grin on his face.

"Boyfriend just leaving?" I asked coyly.

Taylor giggled. We were joined by her friend Kayla a few minutes later. The three of us got to know each other over a drink. At first they were cautious about telling me the truth. Eventually they admitted it the two of them were both at university but working as call girls on the side to make a little extra money. Far from being shocked I was really excited by what they were telling me.

They explained how they worked. They would only have one John around at a time but they both needed to be here in case something happened. They would never work solo. They charged different amounts depending upon what the guy wanted. Coffee quickly turned into a few bottles of wine and the three of us were soon talking very frankly about their work.

I quickly became good friends with the two girls. I would often go over there for a chat and a bottle of wine. Truthfully I was turned on by what the girls did. I'd always had a far higher sex drive than Steve and occasionally got frustrated easily. Steve being away for long periods of time didn't help matters either.

Then a few months later Taylor phoned me asking for a favour.

"Hi, Allie. I need a really big favour." She told me.

"How can I help?" I asked.

"Kayla's had to go out and I've got a John coming over. Could you come over here while he's here?" She asked.

I'd been there several times when both girls had customers so this wouldn't be anything new to me really.

"Sure. I'll come right over."

I headed over to their place and let myself in. Taylor was in the lounge with her customer. I suppose better introductions are in order. I'm around 5'4, brown eyes, shoulder length red hair, I have a fairly fair complexion. My boobs are around a C cup. I've got a tight little bottom which always used to drive guys wild. I've always kept myself in shape.

Taylor is a little over five foot. Her hair is almost down to her bum. She looks very cute and youthful. She has very wide sprite like blue eyes. Despite her frame Taylor has quite a large bust being about a D cup. 

Her customer was around 6'5. Very muscular, with jet black hair and rugged handsome features. I had to wonder why he would pay for sex when he was pretty hot. 

Taylor had on a silk kimono. "Hey, Allie. We'll be about an hour." 

The two of them disappeared off to Taylor's bedroom. I settled into the lounge, making myself a coffee and finding a book to read. The sounds coming from Taylor's room were eventually a little too distracting. As always I found myself getting excited. I put down the book and just listened. Around fifty minutes later Taylor came back downstairs.

As soon as she entered the room I noticed her lips were glistening slightly. She was wearing her kimono and had an apprehensive look on her face.

"He done?" I asked.

"Actually he's asked if you're available?" Taylor asked.

I couldn't help but stare at her lips. Taylor realised I was staring.

"Fuck, have I still got cum on my lips?" She exclaimed.

We both laughed. "Available?" I commented.

"He said 500 if he could have us both." She told me.

I still don't know what I was thinking. It had been weeks since I had been laid. Taylor's John had been pretty hot. "Yes, definitely."

Taylor was surprised at my response she was expecting me to say no.

"Really. Ok. You don't have to do anything you don't want to and you can back out at any time. I told him you're just my spotter."

We both headed upstairs to Taylor's bedroom. Her John was laying naked on her bed cradling his half hard cock. Even at half-mast I could tell this guy was a lot bigger than Steve. I was almost drooling at the luscious sight of this guy's naked body.

"I'm glad you could join us Allie." The John told him.

Taylor let her kimono fall to the floor. She giggled "You're a little over-dressed Allie."

I still couldn't believe I was going through with this. I paused for a moment as nerves got the better of me. I slowly took my top and skirt off. Stood there in just my bra and knickers. I quickly finished stripping, standing there completely naked in front of them. The John liked what he saw as he continued jerking his cock.

This was the first time I'd ever seen Taylor naked. I gazed at the sight of her beautiful naked form. Her lovely big breasts. Like myself she kept herself shaved bare. She hugged me our breasts pressing against each other. 

"He wants to see us together." She told me.

It took a moment to realise what she meant. During my uni years I had fooled around with girls a little. I wouldn't call myself bisexual but another woman's touch had been a lot of fun. Taylor kissed me on the lips. I was startled at first but soon welcomed her advances. Our tongues played with each other as we started to caress each other's bodies. Taylor was getting me very wet.

"Can I join in the fun?" The John asked.

I was caught up in the moment and didn't hear him. I was kissing Taylor passionately. Our tongues dancing across each other, moaning into each other's mouths. She broke off our kiss and sat down on the edge of the bed. She patted the bed indicating for me to sit next to her. We both got on either side of her client. Taylor took her cock in his hand and started to jerk him. I reached out and started touching the guy's balls. The John moaned at having two girls working on him.

Taylor offered his cock to me and I wrapped my hand around it. I began massaging his length and Taylor started to lick at the head. As I wanked him, Taylor started sucking on the head of his cock. A part of me was still in disbelief as touched another man's penis. Taylor released the head from her mouth and I knew it was my turn. I took the head into my mouth. I sucked him hard, wrapping my tongue around the head. He moaned in appreciation. I felt hands starting to explore my arse. I took him deeper into my mouth.

As I continued to blow him, Taylor got up and sat on his face. The sight of her being eaten out while I sucked this guy's cock was very hot. I started to work the guy's cock in and out of my mouth. I watched this guy's tongue darting into Taylor's hungry little pussy. I licked up and down his shaft as I fondled his balls with my hands.

He was sucking hard on Taylor's clit while he started to finger me. He sucked on it hard, pumping his fingers in and out of her. Taylor began to squirm and moan really loudly. I knew she was starting to cum on his tongue. 

"I want to fuck your friend." He told her.

I realised it was now or never this was my last moment when I could back out. I was dripping and after having this guy's big cock in my mouth and I really wanted to feel him inside me.

I sat up and trying to sound as horny as possible. "Then come fuck me stud." I replied.

I lay on my back with my arse hanging over the edge of the bed slightly. The John got up and moved so he was behind me. He started to slap his cock against my pussy. He pushed it into me. I was eager to be fucked and he slipped into me easily. I loved how big he was and how tight I felt around him. I was ashamed to admit it but he was a lot bigger than Steve. He started to pound me with deep forceful strokes. It felt so good having him slam that thick cock in and out of my little pussy.

"Why don't you eat Taylor's pussy while I fuck you?" He suggested.

I so wanted to go down on Taylor. She squatted over me and I started to lap at her pussy. She tasted really sweet and I could taste her cum. She leaned forward and started to rub my clit as I licked at her's. The John increased his pace, pounding me really hard. I'd not been fucked like this for years. Steve despite how much I loved him was more of a gracious lover. I'd longed to be fucked like this for too long.

I cried out in pleasure as my lover drove me to a powerful orgasm. He kept on pounding me as my pussy quivered on his cock, my whole body shaking as I came. Taylor got off me and lay down beside me. The John wasted on time in entering her pussy again. I loved this guy's stamina as he never dropped the pace as he switched between the two of us. I loved watching the cute faces Taylor made as he pounded her tight pussy.

We started kissing again as he fucked her. I could taste my pussy on her lips. I started to rub and squeeze Taylor's breasts as she fucked. We kept on kissing and I stroked Taylor's clit as the John pounded her relentlessly. Watching this tiny little blonde take on such a huge cock was such a turn on. The John pulled out of her.

"Come suck me." He told me.

I took his cock fully into my mouth. Deepthroating him as much as I could. I could taste a combination of both mine and Taylor's juices on his cock.

"I want to fuck you some more. From behind." He told me.

I certainly wasn't going to turn down an offer to feel this lovely cock inside me again. I got on all fours eagerly awaiting him to fuck me again. He grabbed my hips and slammed it into me. He was so fucking deep in my pussy. He pounded me hard. Quick, savage strokes. He started to play with my arse as he fucked me.

"I want to fuck that hot little arse of yours." He told me.

I'd tried anal sex at uni. I actually really liked it. It wasn't something that turned Steve on so I'd not felt a guy back there in years. I looked over my shoulder at him "Put that big fucking cock in my arse." I replied.

Taylor grabbed some lube and started rubbing it into my bum. She took her time, oiling up my bottom. Teasing my anus with her fingers. I felt the John press the head of his cock against my bum. He pushed but it was still a little tight. I took a deep breath trying to relax myself and he pushed a little harder. This time my he penetrated me. I let out a mixed cry of pain and pleasure as my arse was filled with his cock.

He took it a lot slower when he was fucking my bum. Slow, long strokes. I moaned each time he was deep in me. Taylor started to finger me while I got fucked. He built up a slow steady rhythm, holding me tight and filling my arse with his fat cock. I loved how I could feel every inch of him pulsing deep inside me. I'd not been fucked this good in a long time.

I loved his stamina. He fucked my arse for a full ten minutes. Taylor brought me over the edge to a screaming orgasm. The feeling of my cumming on his cock was too much for him to bare. He made the two of us lay down next to each other. He jerked his cock, blowing his load over our faces. I stuck my tongue out wanting to catch his seed in my mouth. He covered our faces in cum. He just sat there and watched as the two of us licked his cum off each other's faces.

His extra hour over the John quickly dressed. He handed Taylor the extra money and left. The two of us just lay there holding each other for ten minutes. Eventually we got out of bed and I went to take a shower. Taylor split half the money with me. I felt a little guilty afterward as I'd just cheated on my husband of five years. Unfortunately for Steve this was only the beginning of my adventures with Taylor & Kayla.