 In "The Hitchhiker" (Erotic Couplings) I recalled my erotic experience with Billy Big Balls on my trip from New Orleans to Chicago after Hurricane Katrina. That story concluded after Billy fucked my brains out during a night in a Chicago suburban motel. The next morning he headed out for his home in Milwaukee and I went to a bar and restaurant to see about a job I had been promised there.

The manager of the place was a guy named Tommy with whom I had gone to college. We'd had a few good times together, including some rolls in the hay, but had not been intimately attached for a long time. He was, however, one of the people I called after I had been displaced by Katrina to see if he might have a job for me. I was most grateful to him, for he immediately assured me that he could use a girl with my good looks as either a barmaid or waitress if I was interested. Being homeless and jobless, I jumped at this offer and had headed for Chicago, picking up Billy Big Balls along the way. I had kept Billy's cock hard, stiff, and cumming for the whole trip.

Clarence's Bar and Restaurant is an upscale place on the Northwest side of Chicago. When I got there Tommy was in his office and greeted me warmly. We chatted for a bit about Katrina and eventually got around to what he had been doing since college. He was married and had a couple of kids already. He showed me around the place and said I could start immediately if I liked. The pay was not much above minimum wage, but he assured me that I could expect very substantial tips from his upscale clientele. 

Tommy turned out to be right about that. The restaurant at both noon and in the evening catered to well-heeled professional people who rarely complained about the high prices and they tipped accordingly. I smiled a lot and was as sweet as molasses as I served the gentlemen there and they often tipped me lavishly. Some of them, of course, groped me a bit, too, and let their fingers slide around my breasts or my ass, but that came with the territory and I didn't mind. (Actually, I adored it). Tommy had warned me, however, not to get overly familiar with the customers or to use the job for getting picked up for after-hours activity, feeling that it could damage the reputation of the establishment. So the money was good and I was able to afford a nice furnished apartment not far from the restaurant.

Tommy, for his part, was always friendly and helpful, but surprisingly, made no pass at me. He seemed to be happily married and showed no interest in taking advantage of me. This, of course, disappointed me a bit and I would have gladly sucked his cock or done anything else with him, but he just didn't seem to be into that, perhaps fearful of a sexual harassment charge. I had expected to "pay him off" for giving me the job, but it turned out that just wasn't what he wanted.

So my social life languished a bit, although, in spite of Tommy's admonitions I did occasionally yield to one of the customer's after-hours suggestions, enough to keep up a modestly active sex life, although I found myself masturbating more often that not. None of the men that I went out with were especially well endowed between the legs and I missed the virile younger men I had known in New Orleans, as well as the great sex I had recently shared with Billy Big Balls.

I was elated, therefore, as I went through my e-mail one morning to find a note from Billy. He said he had a car now and was about to head to New Orleans, but he wondered if he could stop and see me on his way back. I was breathless with excitement, like a stupid school girl, as I hastily typed out an enthusiastic reply, telling him I would be delighted to see him and that he was welcome to stay with me in my apartment as long as he liked. I explained to him that Sunday would be a good day to come because I worked the noon shift at the restaurant that day and then would be off all day Monday and Tuesday. Within a few minutes I had a reply, telling me that the coming Sunday would be fine. I fired back a precise directions to my place, telling him where to find the key if I wasn't yet home when he arrived.

As the days passed before Sunday I realized how much I had missed Billy's magnificent cock, and I dreamed of having it once more, stiff and hard, at my command. In the two days that we had spent together on the drive to Chicago, I had not only seduced the college boy, but turned him into a virtual sex slave, as he obeyed my every command willingly. Not that he didn't enjoy it, too, as he cock exploded over and over again, probably cumming more in those two days than it had in his whole life before then. If Billy had seemed a little inexperienced in sexual ways, he was nevertheless a quick learner and his equipment was absolutely first class.

The Sunday crowd at Clarence's was large and noisy. Families, old ladies, yuppie couples, fat men and their mistresses – they were all there and kept me hopping. It was 4 p.m. before I could get away. My pussy was already damp with anticipation of hooking up with Billy again, but I needed a shower first and I wondered if Billy would want to join me beneath its spray.

I pulled my red Mazda into my parking space and hurried into the building. It took the elevator forever to arrive. I could have walked up to the third floor more quickly! When the cubicle finally arrived I jumped in and punched the "3" several times, impatient with the delay in the doors closing. Finally reaching my door, I tried to compose myself a bit before I opened it. Why was I so eager to see him? The last thing I wanted Billy to think was that I was his sex slave instead of the other way around. So I let my pulse return to normal before I opened the door. 

Some soft music was playing on a CD. Billy, naked as a jaybird, was stretched out on the sofa sound asleep. I walked over to admire his slender, but muscular torso. His awesome cock, in its soft "turned off" state, drooped harmlessly over one of his thighs, but I could also see one of his huge testicles that promised multiple actions later on. 

I tiptoed quietly into the bedroom, doffed my own clothes, and hopped into the shower, lathering myself thoroughly. I couldn't resist increasing my horniness substantially by training the hand spray onto my pussy, stimulating my clitoris which was already juicy. I stepped out of the shower and toweled off slowly enjoying touching my erogenous zones as I did so. By the time I walked naked back into the living room, my pussy was dripping and I was ready for action.

Billy still lie sleeping on the sofa. He hadn't moved an inch. I kneeled next to him and focused on his scrotum, which protruded beneath his soft cock. I raked my tongue across it softly, then gradually with more force, licking his balls aggressively and demanding arousal of his cock. It didn't take long for the big shaft to awaken and stiffen, rising from its resting spot on Billy's thigh to stand proudly on its own, tall and red and ready to fuck my cunt. 

Billy was awake now and he moaned with pleasure as my tongue found his cockhead and circled the corona of his circumcision. My fingers closed around the warm, stiff barrel of his pistol. I began to stroke it. I could feel more blood surging through the veins that lined his cock and made it stiffer and stiffer. I sucked hard on his cockhead and pulled his cock deeper into my mouth, salivating all over it. It tasted warm and good. Billy's pelvis began to rock upward, making his penis fuck my mouth. Billy would cum soon, I knew, but that was alright. His big balls held plenty more.

Billy's hands reached out to me. He lightly caressed my head and fingered my ears. Then he touched my neck and shoulders lightly before his palms find my firm, round breasts. His fingers pinched on my stiff nipples, increasing my arousal and sending rivulets of pleasure through my whole body. I shuddered with excitement as I sucked faster on his cock and caressed his balls gently. I could taste his precum and feel his long cock throbbing with urgency. 

"OH, YES," Billy called out, followed by a loud moan of ecstasy as his cock erupted into my mouth and spat its salty cream. It spurted into my mouth first and then as the cock bounced out onto my cheeks, my nose, and chin. I took his cock in my hand now and licked it clean, savoring every drop of Billy's sexy seed.

I moved up onto his body, our bare skin pressing against each other with sweaty coherence. I brought my cum-covered face close to his and let him lick me clean now and then pressed my open mouth over his in a passionate kiss in which our tongues wrestled each other and tasted his cream between us. I felt his cock hardening once more under my wet cunt that pressed against it. 

"Hello, Billy," I whispered when we finally ended our long french kiss. Billy just grinned and the sight of his wide mouth at once made me want to get my pussy against it. I raised myself to my knees, straddling him so that I could pull his head up into my crotch. I shuddered as his tongue ran the length of my slit.

His hands reached upward and massaged my breasts. I shuddered again as he pinched the nipples. Then they roamed down along my ribs and clutched my ass, pulling my pussy even closer into his mouth that continued to lap and lick . I was ecstatic now with pleasure as my juices flowed from my cunt. I leaned back now and found his stiff cock with my fingers and began to jerk him off even as I began to feel waves of ecstasy take over my whole body as I came into Billy's mouth. "Ohh Gawd, Yes," I screamed, and moaned as the orgasm overtook me. I twisted my body as I pulled my cunt away from his mouth now and rolled over on my belly to once more take his man meat into my mouth and suck it eagerly, not stopping 'til Billy came once more and shot his cream deep into my throat.

I wanted more. I wanted fucked. I got up from the couch and started for the bedroom, calling to Billy to come with me. "Come fuck me Billy, I want your hot cock deep in my pussy now. C'mon, hurry, come and fuck me now."

By the time I had flopped onto the bed on my back Billy was there, loyal as always, his huge dick once more hard and stiff and ready for me. He swooped onto the bed and grabbed my ankles, pulling them up over his shoulder while at the same instant he rammed his cock into my juicy cunt. A single stroke jammed it hard, all the way, deep into me and I moaned with joy at the marvelous feel of that hard shaft bring my pussy to life. I could feel his hot cock deep inside me, now rocking back and forth, stimulating lovely sensations with each stroke. His cockhead was caressing my G-spot with every stroke and I was quickly approaching a new orgasm. I screamed with joy. "Yes, Yes, Billy, Fuck Me, Fuck Me, Fuck Me. Don't Stop, AHHHHHHHHHHHH,Oh YES, YES, YES, GAWD THAT'S GOOD, SO GOOD." as I pressed my pelvis upward to meet each magnificent stroke of his cock.

We came together in an enormous orgasmic flame-out that had us both moaning and screaming. I could feel his cock contracting and shooting its cream deep into me as my cunt spewed its own warm juice all over his cock and balls.

Billy could not stop loving me. Even though his glistening cock hung limply now, he crawled forward and began to kiss me all over. On my face, my hair, my neck and shoulders. As he reached my breasts and began to suck on the nipples I could feel my desire rising again. I reached for his cock and felt it stiffening again as I massaged it gently. I felt his balls, still large, but perhaps not so big as earlier. His mouth continued to kiss my body, my belly, my pussy again, and his tongue sucked up the cum from along the slit and down my thighs.

It was my turn now. I pushed Billy back onto his back and straddled him, still holding his stiff cock in my fingers. I raised my pussy up over it and brought his cockhead against the labia of my cunt. I dropped directly own on it, once more feeling that wonderful shaft stabbing deeply into me, causing a new explosion of pleasure deep in my abdomen. It was wonderful! I rose up and down stroking his cock with my cunt muscles until we both came again. 

Later, over supper, I told Billy that he was a wonderful sex toy and that he could stay with me as long as he wanted, as long as he could keep making me cum as much as I wanted. He said there was no real hurry about him going back to New Orleans, so that he would stay at least stay a few days just to keep me from getting horny. 

We fucked some more after supper and eventually fell asleep on the bed. I awoke the next morning to the luscious pleasure of Billy licking my cunt. I lay back and enjoyed it, gently pulsing my pussy forward into his mouth until I had yet one more wonderful orgasm. Then I sucked his cock until he came all over my face and I made him lick it all off. I had the whole day off so we just spent it in bed fucking and sucking to our heart's content. Tuesday was much the same. By Wednesday morning, when Billy once more woke me with his tongue in my cunt, I was ready for a break and after a couple of good fucks I went off to work at the restaurant. I left instructions for Billy to clean up the kitchen and vacuum the floors, explaining to him that he was now my slave and he could stay as long as he wanted as long as he did everything I ordered. He seemed eager to comply and promised that he would be hard and stiff again by the time I returned home.

That evening I found Billy, as promised, naked and with a gigantic hard on, waiting for me in the living room. He stripped off my clothes and pulled me down on top of him on the carpet, begging me to fuck him again. His enormous red cock was much more than I could resist and I gladly impaled my pussy on his hot rod, as we resumed the fuck festival of the last three days. There was no stopping there. Afterwards I sucked his cock and he tongue-fucked my pussy twice more and then doggie fucked me.

This was the pattern on through the week. I have never had so much sex in my life, but I enjoyed every fucking minute of it. Increasingly, I gave the orders and Billy obeyed. Once, in the shower, I peed all over him and even into his mouth. He didn't mind a bit. Sometimes I was rough with him, slapping him and wrestling with him, but always I was quick to lick his balls gently and suck his cock until it came. He had so much cum to give!

He was mine, totally mine, and I could do whatever I wanted with him. I came to be very proud of that fact. He was also a great housekeeper and cook. He kept me satisfied in every way. I supposed it was too much for me to keep that all to myself, for eventually I couldn't resist bragging about him to one of my fellow waitresses at the restaurant. I told her about this "house boy" I had who took care of my every wish. Dianne was amazed to hear about him and before long said she would certainly like to see him.

On Sunday, therefore, I invited Dianne to come over and I told Billy that we would have a guest for supper and that he should prepare a nice meal for us. I explained to Dianne as we left the restaurant and headed for my apartment that Billy never wore any clothes, that he was a "nudist," so that she should not be embarrassed. Even so, when we went in the door and she saw this beautiful man with his big cock sticking out ready for action, she was a little taken aback. But I grabbed Billy by the cock and said, "Billy don't point that thing at Dianne, she might not want it right now. Why don't you be a good boy and go mix us a couple of cold margaritas."

Billy trotted off toward the kitchen. Dianne gasped and said, " My god, Cinnamon, you weren't kidding! He really doesn't wear anything." 

"Oh no, Dianne," I answered, "He's quite uninhibited now. I have him well trained. And he really will do anything you want."

We sat down on the couch as Billy returned with the drinks, his cock as hard and stiff as before. After a sip or two, I said to her, "Isn't that a beautiful cock he has, Dianne? Wouldn't you just love to suck that?" 

Dianne blushed, but didn't say no, and I said, "Go ahead and try it." Billy stepped closer to her and virtually shoved his cock in Dianne's face. She seemed unsure of what to do, but she reached out to touch it with her fingers, obviously admiring its length and girth. "Go on, Dianne," I coaxed, "suck it. It tastes good." Billy pushed his dick right into her mouth now and she didn't resist. Instead, her tongue swirled around it. After that first taste, she pulled her mouth back off it and began to lick the whole shaft. Her fingers caressed his big balls before she closed her lips around his cockhead again and beginning serious cocksucking. Her mouth was wet and saliva dribbled from the corners of her lips as the cock moved deeper into her mouth. She was obviously enjoying herself.

Watching Dianne suck Billy's cock was enormously erotic. I peeled off my own clothes and was quickly as naked as Billy. I licked my fingers and slipped them into my pussy. Billy's big sack of balls fascinated me as they swung back and forth to the rhythm of Dianne's sucking. I knelt behind him and began to lick them as they flopped back and forth as he fucked Dianne's mouth in slow even strokes as his huge cock penetrated her throat. It was obvious that this was not Dianne's first cock suck, for she appeared to be expert in taking Billy's huge cock deeply into her throat. Billy, for his part, was clearly excited. His hands were on Dianne's head, caressing her hair, ears, and cheeks as she slobbered all over his cock. He moaned with pleasure and occasionally shouted encouragement to Dianne. "Oh yeah, Dianne, suck me, suck me harder! I'm gonna cum in your mouth now."

And cum he did! The first creamy ejaculation slid down Dianne's throat, but then his cock came out of her mouth and several more spurts hit her in the face. Dianne was now hot and wanted more. She quickly slipped out of her own clothes, tossing them aside until she was naked and ready to fuck. As she peeled away her bra, her ample breasts bounced out, her stiff nipples protruding and demanding attention. In no time she had stepped out of her panties as well, revealing a shaven pussy that made my mouth water.

"Can I fuck Billy now, Cinnamon?" Dianne asked, sensing that she needed my permission.

"If you don't, I will, sweetheart," I answered. Billy had sat down on the floor and I pulled him down on his back and straddled his chest, pushing my pussy into his mouth. "Suck me, Billy, suck my clit."

Dianne, meanwhile, lost no time in straddling Billy behind me, lowering her cunt onto Billy's once-more stiff cock that slid easily into her wet hole. "Oh yes," I heard her moan as she began a slow rock behind me, feeling Billy's fine cock slide up and down in her. Then I felt her arms close around me and her palms close over my firm tits. I pushed my cunt harder into Billy's willing mouth as her thumb and index fingers pinched my nipples delightfully and sent electric sensations rippling out through my whole body. Billy sucked my clit between his teeth and began to whip it with his tongue. I could feel my juices squirting into his mouth and out onto my thighs. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven! Dianne was feeling the full length of Billy's enormous cock now as their fucking reached a crescendo. I was about to cum myself as the combination of Billy's cunt licking and Dianne's nipple squeezing sent me into an orgasmic swoon. 

As I passed through wave after wave of ecstasy I felt enormously happy along with a desire to make love to Dianne. I felt her roll off Billy behind me, and I twisted around to bury my mouth in Dianne's cum-filled pussy as she leaned back on the floor against the couch. I was on my knees with my ass up in the air and I had no sooner begun to tongue her sweet cunt than I felt Billy propel his hot dick into my own pussy. Oh Gawd, it felt good! Dianne quickly came to life again under the stimulus of my tongue fucking her she began to pump her pussy into my mouth as she held my head between her hands. We soon were in a steady rhythm set by Billy as he doggie fucked me in long, slow, sweet strokes that eventually culminated in yet another orgasm. I could feel his big cock throbbing and then felt the hot surge of his cum deep inside me. Dianne came about the same time and I felt her warm, sweet juices flow into my mouth.
