 Chapter I - The Interview

Ads for the Highrise Resort had circulated FIU for two summers, intriguing many of the students. Spring Break was around the corner, and Hollywood would soon be overrun by locust-like youth. Beer, condoms, and drugs would be stripped as these human locusts swarmed through the stores.

But Luna had ignored this event for most of her eight years of college. Unlike the others, she stayed off social media, studied hard, refused to have any boyfriends (or girlfriends), and stayed as gender neutral as possible. This resulted in nearly Klingon Cloaking Device level invisibility.

Her glasses and baggy clothes hid her beauty. And she knew she was pretty. Born of Cuban descent, she had tanned skin from African ancestry, high cheek-bones, large brown eyes, long black hair, and deeply Spanish, if not Moorish features as well. Tall legs and a narrow waist, round and firm ass, and heavy, perky tits with wide, dark areolas, she was stunning naked. She knew all of this, and that's why keeping a low profile was required to graduate.

After all, she wanted to join the FBI, and getting involved in drama and sex scandals was not a good career move.

But those fucking stories about the Highrise Resort. A nudist colony for students only. Mandatory STD tests just to have membership. Vigorous interview process explaining your lifestyle and career goals for admittance. She had heard the rumors, and students that had been admitted into this exclusive club for years, and had been intrigued.

So, she had applied. She had gotten tested and submitted the results, all clean of course. She filled out and turned in a questionnaire. Why? Because at age twenty-six, she had repressed her sexual urges enough and needed some release. Ah, the wonders of porn that make women out to either be abused sluts and the lowest form of life on the planet, or heroines who could milk cum from a hundred men like Amazon queens. Either way, all those images of multiple men fucking one woman, the gangbang and resulting cum-fest, had taken its toll on her otherwise conservative Latin heritage.

And then, she got a call for an interview, the last stage of acceptance to the Highrise.

"We will need to interview for membership into our club. You will arrive in our main office, and then be taken into a more private area. There will be a black couch, please undress completely on it and sit and wait for two interviewers."

"A man and woman will come in later to interview you, and they will be undressed. This will be to test your sincerity and comfort level in a nudist setting. Your STD test cleared, so if you want to have sex with the interviewers, it will be allowed. Remember, this is a test. You will not be asked to have sex. But we will want to know what you are capable of, and what you are really about."

Luna was stunned by all of this over the phone, and said OK.

"You will shave all of your pubic hair from your vulva, we allow only the bikini cut. Hygiene is a must. Does any of this make you uncomfortable?" asked the person over the phone.

"Yes," she replied. "I mean, I've never done this before."

"Honesty is good. That is a good answer. Remember that at your interview. Have a great day, Ms. Mercedes."

And so that was that. Date and time was emailed to her.

"Luna Mercedes, welcome," a black woman said as she came into the office.

She had undressed as told on the couch and waited, her hands folded in her lap, legs together, and shivering a little nervously.

The black woman was naked but for black open-toed high-heels, gold jewelry that hung between enormous breasts, and pierced nipples and clitoris with gold rings. She was stunningly beautiful with straight black hair that hung to her shoulders, and a firm, round ass that jiggled as she walked. Her long legs were long and strong.

She came to the couch, and Luna stood up to shake her hands in a business fashion. Then the black woman sat in a chair across from her, crossed her long legs, and smiled politely.

"I am Cleo Smith. You are very attractive, Luna. And a beautiful name. You graduated top of your line at FIU, impressive. Why are you here?"

It was like a job interview, and the words were intimidating and terse. Despite being nude, the woman held herself like a CEO about to fire a minion. Or about to eat them.

"Relaxation, sex, things I've deprived myself of until graduation. I've very focused and driven. Now I'd like to do all the things other students talk about, without getting poor grades or dropping out. Or catching something."

Cleo nodded seriously, and smiled a little.

"What about moral concerns?"

Luna frowned, and didn't know how to answer.

"Many people feel guilty because of moral concerns. Religion, ethics, etc. Casual sex and orgies are not natural, though we are drawn to try new things. We also regret many things we try. You had a Catholic upbringing, did you not?"

"Yes. And I suppose ... I suppose I feel some anxiety about this."

"Be honest," the woman demanded sternly.

"Yes, it feels wrong. Should I listen to my conscience and leave?"

"That is up to you. You may leave anytime, of course," Cleo said, spread her arms out. Then she leaned forward conspiratorially, her opulent breasts hanging slightly. "Do you believe in God?"

"Yes," Luna replied at once, without hesitation.

"Good. Do you think God will hate you for letting strange men fuck you?"

She thought about it.

"No. But He won't approve, either."

"Just as you father would not approve," Cleo added. "But you still do things they don't approve of."

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because ... because I want to try new things. Not everyone's experience or misfortune is the same."

"We do not allow condoms, or any kind of contraception, did you know that?"

"No," Luna replied, confused, and surprised. "Why?"

"Nature. We have found that she is one hell of a bitch. Maybe God is nothing more than nature. Maybe something else. But we have studied this long and hard, and we have come to a very sound conclusion."

"Which is?" Luna asked, uncertain of the strange direction of this conversation.

"Biology and the need to breed is what drives sexuality, no matter how much we try to deny it. Not matter how we try to argue against it. Natural selection and evolution rule us, whether we like it or not."

"So why not contraception? Surely, people don't get pregnant here?"

"They do. And everyone one of them keep their babies. But it is rare. Natural Family Planning, as you Catholics call it. But the ancients used it from the very beginning. It's how whores and sluts maintained discretion."

"But ... why?"

"Because, we have found, that if there is a chance you might get knocked up, the sex is much better. We already know your cycle, and we know that you are not fertile right now. I am fertile right now, so I only allow anal or oral."

Then she stood up and looked down at her.

"But is the thrill of fucking naturally, and knowing nature might exert her will, that drives this club. Seed and Breed! It's playing dice! But usually, we win. We also know that artificial means, no matter how advanced, have a cost. It ruins the chemistry, and the smells. Rashes and skin issues run rampant. We tried it that way, long ago."

Luna was stunned. But intrigued, as well. She could not deny it.

The woman got on her knees before her, and gently spread her legs. Luna flushed, but did not complain. She grew red as she examined her shaved vagina more closely. Her toes curled slightly.

"You have a beautiful pussy. Well-formed, and nice clitoris. A man's desire is to fill it with his seed, and watch it spill out. A woman's desire is to feel it inside her, threatening to change her life. Evolution is what designed all of this. And yet we deny evolution it's proper respect."

Then Cleo grinned.

"And it fulfills your moral obligation, to be open to life. As a Catholic, anyway. We have many people of religion here. And women who want to become parents the old pagan way, and not ever know who the father is. That is also one of our many services."

Cleo touched her, not in a sexual way, but exploring her legs and thighs, and stomach.

"Ask me," Cleo said huskily.

"Do what you want," Luna whispered.

Cleo's face was lost between her legs, and Luna closed her eyes and felt the surge of pleasure. She shuddered, and quivered, as Cleo's tongue worked over her clit, and explored every fold of her pussy. Cleo used her fingers to explore the inside of her pussy, and finger-fucked her at the same time.

Legs up in the air, back flat on couch, mouth open, Luna let herself be licked and fingered until an orgasm made her scream. It had not taken long at all.

"Oh my God," she whispered, and not exactly taking the Lord's name in vain.

"Get on your hands and knees," Cleo then demanded.

Luna complied at once. With her ass in the air, Cleo remained on her knees and continued licking, and sucking, and fingering her. She heard someone else come in, and looked behind her. A handsome man with an enormous cock stood and watched her. Luna saw his huge balls, and his penis becoming fully erect in his hand.

Then she buried her face in the couch, and let it happen. Just let it happen.

And it happened.

A thick, hard cock pressed against her pussy, which had not been used in years. Wet not just from desire, but from Cleo's expert work as well, her vagina stretched painfully for a smooth, slippery penetration. It was the girth that was intense, and made her gasp, and grip the couch with her hands, and grit her teeth.

"Fuck," she said.

The man was gentle, and pulled out a little before thrusting in deeper, and deeper, until he was balls to her clit. She could feel his cock bend inside her, bottoming out so completely it had to bend to fit. She bit the couch to keep from screaming out.

It felt fucking incredible, and she orgasmed at once as he gently fucked her. But feeling her gush around his cock, he thrust harder and faster, and gripped her waste tightly as he did so. In and out, in and out, pounding her until her legs felt like jelly, and her clit started stinging from her own cum and his balls slapping it.

She came hard when he ejaculated into her, filling her out, and causing sperm to gush around his shaft and drip from her clitoris and pussy.

It splattered the edge of the couch, and floor, as he continued to pump his load into her.

Then he pulled out and walked away, leaving her trembling on the couch on her knees, unable to move. To her surprise, Cleo got on her knees behind her again, and lapped up the cum from her pussy, opening her mouth over it at first, and then digging her tongue into it deeper to suck it out.

"Mm, the nectar of life," she said.

Luna turned around, legs quivering, and sat down amazed at the mess. Cleo then brought her face to her, cum all over her mouth and chin. Luna had the desire to taste it, and kissed Cleo as she would any boy. Tongues met, and the taste of cum filled their mouths. She licked it from her chin as well.

Then Luna leaned down to take a nipple in her mouth, and then the other. Such large, beautiful black tits.

Cleo got on her back with her ass on the edge of the couch next to her. Another man came in, a handsome white man. He fell to his knees before Cleo, already hard and ready, and began fucking her shaved pussy.

Luna knew this was a test. And she also knew what she wanted to do, and did it. Her face came down to take Cleo's large clitoris into her mouth while her pussy was being pumped into. Luna licked the white cock that slid in and out of Cleo as well. When the man brought it all the way out, Luna took it into her mouth and sucked on it.

She had not expected the man to shove it down her throat while Cleo held her head firmly. She gagged badly, and nearly panicked.

"Just take it, and relax," Cleo whispered. "Let him fill your mouth up."

The stranger who had not said a word fucked Cleo some more, holding her long legs up in the air, until he was close. Then he pulled out and began ejaculating all over her black stomach and tits.

Luna watched spurts of pearly white cum shoot out, and took it into her mouth and felt a few of the last spurts gush into her mouth. The man had come a lot, more than she had ever seen any man do. Cum all over Cleo, and nearly filled her mouth as well. She swallowed it without hesitation.

When it was over, Luna lapped it up from her stomach and tits, sucking on each nipple once more. Cleo kissed her for long period as well to taste the man's cum, who had already left.

Luna found that she was horny still, and was shocked at how much fun she was having.

"Now, for the real test," Cleo said. "Can you take it in the ass?"

"I don't know. I've had anal sex when I was younger, and just remember it hurting."

"It hurts. At first. Lie on your stomach and wait. Close your eyes, and do not scream, or cry out for it to stop. Be brave, and know that no matter what, you cannot possibly be harmed, even if it feels like you are. Trust, that is the key word. Do you trust me?"

"Yes," she replied.

So she lied on her stomach and closed her eyes. She could hear another person come into the room. Cleo was slowly massaging her anus with what smelled like petroleum jelly. Her fingers slid right in without much of a problem.

"Before you are finally admitted, you need to be prepared. We will have men come over to your apartment to fuck you casually in the ass. This is important, so that when you are here at the Highrise, you will not be surprised or in pain."

She didn't like the sound of this at all. Casual sex with strangers at her apartment? Shit, what would she tell her roommates?

At first it had not felt good. But Cleo was gentle with her fingers, and slowly pushed two, and then three fingers into her anus, and as deep as she could. She was thoroughly lubed up now.

Then she felt the weight of someone get on top of her, and then after that the feel of a cock against her anus. It pressed harder and harder, until it slipped in. Luna hissed at first, afraid. But the man was gentle, and his moans told her that he was enjoying himself at her expense. For some reason it made her feel slutty and hornier.

"Do you want me deeper?" the man's voice asked gently. "Do you want me to come in your ass?"

"Yes," she replied.

And he pushed deeper into her, and she nearly screamed out at a sharp pain. A groan escaped, deep and uncomfortable. But she forced herself to relax as he worked her ass. Pulling in and out, going a little deeper each time. Something deep inside her resisted and ached. She made herself relax and accept it, and it hurt a little less with each thrust. He worked himself all the way into her. She could feel his balls against her pussy, still oozing cum from the last guy.

Soon he was pumping away into her, and with each thrust the groaned less, and moaned more. It began to feel really good, and she thrust her hips back to meet each thrust, taking it as deep into her rectum as she could.

He groaned loudly into her ear as he came inside her. She also came hard and shuddered for a long while as he moaned in her ear. His pleasure gave her pleasure. Her body used for another's desire was intoxicating.

As casually as he had fucked her, the man pulled out and walked away. She opened her eyes in time to see his firm, tight ass, and flopping dick slick with petroleum.

Luna sat back on the couch with her legs spread, and each hole hurting and oozing cum. It felt wonderful. But she knew she would not be able to sit down normally for a few days, too.

"Your interview is over. You are welcome to return anytime, provided you meet our terms of service. But don't forget, men will come over. They will want blowjobs or anal sex only. Get your jaw use to it, and your ass. You will be assessed by them. If you please them, then that will be the final test."

Chapter II - Stranger Danger

Luna lived with three female roommates. Two of them were lesbians, and walked around naked to arouse her interest. One was sexy, Michelle with her red hair, pale hair, and freckles. The other was dark like her, also named Michelle, but plump, more butch, but could look feminine and cute when she wanted to. The redhead got nicknamed Michelle Lite to separate them.

Orlanda was from Spain, an exchange student that was very pretty. A painful prettiness that seemed fragile and unreal. Black eyes, black hair, pale skin, and that exotic Mediterranean look. She was also a slut and a hypocrite. She didn't like her lesbian roommates and kept to herself. But she always had guys coming over to fuck her in her room. When she came down with a venereal disease, no one was surprised.

Luna had kept to herself and the drama at bay. Until two men came to the door asking for her, and then she knew what they wanted.

"Shit," she said. It had been over a week, and she was beginning to wonder if they had rejected her.

"Luna! It's for you!" Orlanda said in her thick accent. "Though they are handsome. They should be for me!"

Orlanda was always modest, but at the new arrivals she unbuttoned her blouse a little to show cleavage from her overly large tits.

The two lesbians were always in their underwear, if not naked or topless, and casually sat on the couch watching football. But Michelle Lite was more bisexual, and raised her eyes as the two handsome men.

"Luna Mercedes?" one of them asked. "May we have privacy with you?"

And just like that, they demanded sex. It was weird. But Cleo told her this would happen, and so Luna had made an effort to keep hygienic at all times, showing two or three times a day at least, and always after working out or going for a jog.

She was in her tight pajamas and panties, and a short blouse that showed off her stomach when they came. Barefoot, hair long, no makeup, but she smelled good she hoped.

She had also bought a dildo and had been using it on her ass religiously, getting used to it. She hoped she was ready for the real thing.

"Um, yeah, come into my room."

She escorted the two men into her room and shut the door.

They took charge, knowing evidently what they wanted, and did not ask questions or make chitchat.

"Can you stand here?" the other said.

She did so without hesitation. They both pulled out their cocks from their zippers, and brought them to her.

"I didn't know it would be two at a time," she said.

"You can stop us at any time," the other said. "If it's too much."

They bent her over, bringing her face to one cock, while the other got behind her. Not huge, but not small, either. Average size maybe. She felt lube on her anus, and heard it being applied liberally to his cock.

This was really fucking happening, she mused.

The hard cock slipped into her anus easily enough, stretching it out painfully at first. She whimpered and groaned at first as he dug deep into her without mercy. Then the other guy's cock was brought to her lips, and she opened her mouth. It, too, was thrust down her throat without mercy.

She was being used like a whore, and both men pumped away vigorously. It seemed brutal at first, and she nearly cried out for them to stop. But she could see herself in the mirror then, bent over like a slut and being fucked by two guys at the same time.

And the looks on their faces told her everything. They were as much as her slave as she was their toy. Contorted in ecstasy, lost intense pleasure, they were not here to demean her or make her their property. They just needed release as she did, safely and discretely without courtship and STD's, and all the bullshit of society. They needed to drain their balls. And she wanted what was in those balls.

The man behind her grabbed her waist and held it hard as he pounded into her ass. He went deep, and she could feel her muscles inside loosen and accept him. Then it didn't hurt, but felt fucking good. She reached back and masturbated herself while they fucked her, and easily brought herself to an orgasm just before cum exploded into her mouth and made her splutter and cough.
