 Alli stepped from the shower and wrapped herself in a fluffy white bathtowel, walking down the hall to her room she noticed John had her outfit laid out on the bed. His favorite red dress..tight and short, with thin straps that barely held it in place, her red lace thong and high black shoes.

She dropped the towel and stood at the dresser, applying her body lotion..smoothing it over her naked breasts, her neck and shoulders..massaging it into her hands,looking in the mirror she saw her nipples harden as she thought about the bar John was taking her to that night.He had smiled when he said it was going to be a night he`d dreamt about...she stepped into her tiny thong and slid the dress over her body..the smooth fabric causing her to shiver..She combed her long hair and pinned it into a tight knot at the back of her head..applying a light touch of makeup and Johns favorite perfume as she walked downstairs to meet him.

He smiled and took her hand, leading her out to the car. He was so excited, he couldnt wait to see what happened in the bar, he couldnt stop thinking about it, he was already getting hard and they werent even there yet.

It was dark when they walked inside the doors..Alli held Johns hand tightly as he led her to the table he had booked for them.As they approached their seats , Alli looked around, there were a few women there..mostly in couples with men..the music was getting louder as John paid for the drinks he had ordered and sat down close to her. Alli placed her hand on Johns knee as he slid his arm around her back, lightly caressing her bare shoulders.All he could smell was her exotic perfume, it was driving him wild..his mind full of what was about to happen, he just hoped Alli was going to be as excited as he wanted her to be.

After a few drinks, and talking to a few of the girls dancing around the room, Alli had a fair idea of what to expect when a pretty, tall, dark haired woman approached their table. John smiled and squeezed Alli`s hand as he saw the woman staring at his lady. She said her name was Dixie and would love to spend some time with them. Alli looked at her, she had never been attracted to a woman before, but as Dixie leaned down and whispered in her ear..the shivers ran thru her body..she became very excited as Dixie began to dance slowly in front of them both. 

Her body was amazing..so tight and toned..so sexy, her breasts were perfect.. They could both see her nipples thru the tiny bra top she had on..Allis head was swarming as she felt Dixies hands slide down her shoulder..tugging at the tiny strap holding her dress up. John was watching it, he was getting so aroused, seeing how much Dixie wanted to touch his Alli..he could see that Alli was enjoying it as well.His cock was telling him that he was enjoying it more than both of them were.

Dixie reached behind her and undid the clasp on her bra top..her hands covering her nipples, she let it slide down over her shoulders and fall onto Allis lap..she cupped her breasts and pulled on the nipples..they were so hard..Alli felt herself get all warm..her own nipples hardened..she couldnt believe that another woman could have this effect on her.

Johns hands were on her thighs, stroking her lightly..he was so close to Alli, his warm breath was on her naked shoulder..she was so turned on..Dixie leaned in close ..her erect nipple dancing in front of Allis lips..she reached for Allis hands and placed the palms flat on her stomach..slowly sliding them up her rib cage to her breasts..Allis hands felt the soft flesh of another woman and it excited her...she felt herself getting very warm..John was leaning in behind her, kissing her neck as she took Dixies nipple in her mouth..her teeth tugging on them gently as dixie pulled her head against her tightly.

Allis hands started to roam over Dixies body..sliding round to her naked back and down to the top of her ass cheeks..she could feel dixies hand sliding up and down her shoulders and back..Johns hands were sliding up the side of her thighs..god she was getting so incredibly turned on as Dixie pushed Allis head back and smiled down at her..she pushed her back into her chair and ran her hands along Allis thighs.. pushing her short dress up until the crotch of her red satin thong was visible..she traced her fingertip over Allis pussy...making her tremble.

Dixie leaned over and whispered into Johns ear and they both smiled..she stood up and grabbed Allis hands pulling her from her seat.. John stood beside them as they made their way thru the disappointed crowd, Alli hadnt realised how many ppl were enjoying their very public show..she was slightly embarrassed but too horny to care.

They both followed Dixie up the stairs..the woman had an amazing ass, Alli watched how it moved as she took step after step..she opened a door and they all walked into a small dimly lit room. There was a sofa, a table and chairs.. a bed..very comfy looking.. Dixie led Alli to the sofa and pushed her back down on it..throwing herself beside her.

John took a seat in a huge overstuffed leather chair facing them both..Dixie leaned in and kissed Alli..straight on the lips..her tongue sliding back and forth over hers...Allis hands automatically lifted to Dixies shoulder..they embraced as they kissed..both of them overcome with a strong urge to explore each other further..Dixie slid the strap from Allis shoulder..leaning down and kissing it.

Alli lay her head back and closed her eyes as Dixie nibbled and kissed her neck, her shoulder .. sliding her tongue across her rounded breasts..her hands were sliding up the inside of Allis thighs...John moved from the seat to Allis side and kissed her hard...her lips responding to him with a greedy passion..Dixies face was buried between Allis breasts..she had pulled the top of Allis dress down..baring her generous breasts and soft pink nipples..her lips taking them in one by one..licking and tugging on them..her hand slid down her stomach and under the hem of Allis short dress..the palm of her hand rubbing over Allis now damp crotch.

John could hardly hold himself back but he decided to move away slightly..he wanted to see his lady with another woman..His hands undid his pants as he freed his hard cock and began to stroke the silky flesh ...Allis head was thrown back now and Dixie was slipping her fingers in and out of Allis panties..he pulled her thighs apart to allow her more room, watching this gorgeous creature touching his lady..what a turn on..his hand wrapped around his cock tighter, he saw Allis lips part as she let out a quiet moan..a sound he knew only too well.

Dixie pulled the crotch of Allis panties aside as she let her fingers brush along her now glistening lips...he watched her nipples harden even further as Dixies fingers slid effortlessly inside of her sweet pussy...listening to her moan and sigh was driving him crazy...Dixie slowly removed her fingers and lifted them to Johns lips..he sucked on them hungrily..omg the taste was so sweet..he wanted to bury his face between Allis legs..his cock was pulsing as he sucked his lovers juices from the exotic strangers slim fingers.

Dixie stood up ..slowly she slid the tiny thong she was wearing down and stepped from it..both John and Alli watching her..her pussy was neatly trimmed..and so tasty looking..she pulled Alli up and slid the dress that she was barely wearing, off..it fell to the ground..pushing the sexy thiong down soon after..John was watching the two naked women as he slid his hands up and down his now throbbing cock... Dixie slid to her knees..kissing Allis breasts and trailing her way down her stomach till her face was level with her now soaking wet pussy..using her thumbs, she parted Allis lips and started to lap her tongue up and down her lips..softly sucking on her now hard clit...making her shudder each time.

Allis legs felt weak..she couldnt believe that she had a woman taking care of her throbbing pussy...she buried her hands in Dixies hair and thrust out her hips..pushing herself against the womans lips...she sucked..licked and nibbled on her clit..she could hear Johns breathing getting so rapid..knew it wouldnt be long till he exploded..she wanted to taste him..

Alli turned slightly and moved to the sofa..sliding onto her hands and knees on the couch she took Johns hard thick cock in her mouth..Dixie slid in behind her and started eating her pussy from behind..her back arched..her puffy lips poking out from between her thighs as Dixies tongue and fingers began to work her perfectly...John was watching a woman eating his Allis pussy and it was driving him wild..he knew Alli was loving it..the moans as she wrapped her lips around his cock were driving him over the edge.

He began to thrust..fucking her mouth..her head moving faster as she sucked on his throbbing cock..his balls tightened as he began to shake..the heat blasting thru his body..his toes clenched and his heart pounding he knew he couldnt hold back..moaning loudly as she deep throated him..he knew Alli wasnt far behind him..he could see her grinding herself on Dixies face and fingers.

Dixies hand was now working her own soaking pussy as well..the fingers plunging in and out swiftly ..in time with the fast finger fucking she was giving Alli..John couldnt hold back, hearing the noises these two were making...the smell of sweet juicy pussy in the air and knowing how much Alli was enjoying herself took him to the brink of no return.

Alli sensed his closesness and began to suck harder..feeling him throbbing and pulsing on her tongue..his cock dancing between her lips as she pumped the flesh quickly ..her hands now massaging and squeezing his tight balls...his hands wrapped tightly in Allis hair as he gave his last few thrusts and exploded his hot thick juices into his lovers mouth...she was still sucking as he writhed around ..in spasms..his balls emptying in spurt after spurt onto her tongue.

Alli couldnt hold back..her pussy was pulsing ..so hot..Dixies fingers working her clit as her tongue licked at her...she tensed up as she began to shake..swallowing Johns hot cum as she lost control..omgggg she was cumming..and she had a womans tongue in her pussy...she was trembling in ecstacy as she felt the rush run thru her body, her skin was on fire..her heart pounding as she lost control....Dixie couldnt wait any longer as she slid her fingers in and out of her own pussy faster and faster..she continued to slide her tongue in and out of Allis pulsing pussy as she lost control of her own.

John was watching these two women ..both wracked in pleasure as they shook and panted for breath..the moans and grunts keeping him as hard as he had been to start with..Dixie was writhing on the end of the couch..her fingers soaked with her own juices as she slowly calmed her body..enjoying the after effects of the moment.

Alli was still on her knees ..her head resting on Johns lap as he stroked her hair away from her face...he leant over and kissed her on the forehead..smiling at her as she looked up at him with a very evil grin...she wrapped her hand around his still hard cock and winked..