 Don

I'd heard about this place... They call themselves "The Outdoor Experience." Apparently they have a huge area of wilderness that they've carved tons of paths and little "privacy niches" into. You can walk, ride bikes or ride horses to an assigned niche and be assured complete privacy for whatever you may want. You can also hire "guide(s)" to accompany you to these secluded areas...

Jeanne

"I've got a surprise for you," he tells me. It's my birthday. I love his surprises; I never know what he's going to come up with.

"Ok, what do I wear?" 

"Something sensible but sexy," he tells me.  Hmm, sensible but sexy? I put on a black thong and black pushup bra. Then some nice tan Capri's and a white button up shirt. He makes me get my sneakers then drags me out to the car with a backpack he won't let me look into. As we leave the neighborhood, he pulls out a blindfold and tells me to put it on.



We drive for about half an hour. I try to follow the turns and figure out where we were going, but get totally lost. As we come to a stop and he turns the car off, I reach for the blindfold. 

"Not yet," he tells me. He makes me sit in the car for a few minutes then guides me down a rocky path. We pass in and out of the sun. I can't hear any traffic, just a few birds. It's a relief when he finally pulls me in for a kiss and removes the blindfold.

I blink for couple seconds and look around. We seem to be on a path through the woods. After another lingering kiss, we follow the path. I ask him "Where are we going?" 

"For a walk."

It's shady under the trees and quite pleasant walking. After a while, I start to notice little side paths with numbers stuck to a tree nearby. "What do you think those numbers are?" 

"I don't know, probably marking distance or something."

We turn down a path labeled 19. After a couple more minutes, we come to a clearing with a small stream running through one corner of it. As it enters the clearing, it widens into a shallow pool. Hehe, this looks like it comes from a storybook. "Look at how perfect this is, it has to be man-made!"

"Probably. What time is it?"

I look at my watch. "10:50."

"Let's relax for a while." He pulls off his socks and shoes and puts his feet in the pond. I do the same and sit next to him. Suddenly he gets this evil grin on his face and splashes me. 

"Hey!"

Of course, my white shirt that had been showing a hint of blackness underneath became translucent. He looks at me for a second then shakes his head and mutters "That's no good." 

He starts unbuttoning my shirt. I try to stop him as I look around to see if anyone's watching. He brushes my hands away, pulls my shirt off and tosses it in the water at his feet. Seeing that there's no one around, I stop protesting and pull him in for a kiss. As we make out, he removes my bra. He moves down to suck on my nipple and I look around one more time... still no one anywhere near so I give up and go with it. Suddenly he stops and grabs my wet shirt. He puts it back on, tying it just under my breasts. I notice this does a much better job than the bra at pushing them up. The chill of the water causes my nipples to stand out proudly under the wet fabric. He pushes me away and looks at me with that look that I just love- the one that says "I want to fuck you,"- and says "Much better. Now wait here."

I obediently sit and watch the ripples in the pond as he goes back to where he dropped the bag and rummages around in it. My pulse is racing. Are we really going to fuck here? He knows how much I fantasize about outdoors sex, but we'd never really had the guts to do more than fool around in dark parking lots late at night. My pussy starts getting warm just thinking about it. 

Then it sounds as if he's throwing something at a tree. What on earth is he doing? I start to turn around, but he yells at me not to look. It goes quiet then I hear him come up behind me and he slips the blindfold back over my eyes then pulls me to my feet. We take only a couple steps before he turns me around and shoves me backwards. I stumble back a step before hitting a tree. He follows and crushes me up against the tree for a heated kiss. As he keeps my mouth pinned, he pulls my right hand over my head and wraps one of the handcuffs we usually keep tied to the bed around my wrist. Holy shit! I cooperate as he does the same to my left hand. He then unbuttons my pants and squats down to remove them.

He steps back and is quiet. I hear cloth rustling and I know he's looking at me and rubbing his dick through his pants. We do this often at home and it always gets me stirred up when I think he's just staring at me. Who knows what he's really doing, but I like to think he's drinking me in with his eyes and getting more and more horny. Everyone's insecure about the way they look and anything he does that makes me think he's turned on by my body is a huge turn-on. 

I hear him remove his belt and his pants fall to the ground. Suddenly I hear voices. It sounds like a man and woman are walking down the #19 path! Oh shit! Part of me is scared shitless that they are going to find us, but the other part is kinda hoping they do. I've discovered a tiny bit of an exhibitionist in myself. I've never really had the guts to do anything about it, but thinking about it sends a thrill right to my pussy. All this is going through my head as the laughing and talking gets louder. Here I am, tied to a tree with only a thong and a see-through blouse on. I have no idea where Don's gotten to and there's strangers walking up the path. I can't even see them! Oh my God, I'm soooo horny!!! What if they call the cops? I don't care, I hope they see me! What am I thinking?! 

Suddenly the talking stops. They must have seen us! I hear rustling to my left and realize Don must be over there. What's going through his head? 

"Well, what have we here?"

I can hear the leer in the man's voice. He comes closer. Don puts his hand on my shoulder and whispers "Don't worry," then steps away. Don't worry? What's that supposed to mean? Is Don going to send them away? Do I want him to? Footsteps come closer. Is it Don or the guy? Someone's very close to me, I can feel it. A hand caresses the wet fabric over my breasts. I moan as what feels almost like an electric jolt shoots from the touch to my pussy. From a few feet away, the woman says "This looks interesting, can I join i-" she squeaks as if someone goosed her. 

"Do-" I start to say but I'm stopped by a mouth on mine. I can tell immediately it's not Don kissing me. One hand is still softly caressing my nipples. The other starts on my hip and moves downwards and inwards. I flinch as he runs over my ticklish spot. The kiss and hands stop.

"Do you want me to stop?" is whispered in my ear. I should, but... In the silence, I hear a muffled giggle and wonder what Don and the woman are up to. Unable to trust my voice, I shake my head and push my hips outwards. There's soft chuckle in my ear as the hands start moving again. Slowly, so slowly, my thong is moved aside. I moan again and move my hips to help. That soft chuckle moving back as the hand pulls away and slaps my thigh lightly. The hand on my breast also falls away. 

Silence.

I can't hear or feel anyone.

My pussy is on fire.

Where is everyone? Have they left me here?

After what feels like an eternity, I feel hands pulling my thong down. Did I feel nails? Would a guy have nails that long? I cooperate and step out of it.

I nearly jump out of my skin as a soft tongue flicks over my clit. Someone starts to eat me out. I'm so worked up by this time that I cum almost immediately. I thrash and moan as it sweeps over me. Soon it's over.

But the licking doesn't stop. Hands run up my sides and reach my breasts. It must be the woman... flashes through my mind as I feel a nail run around my nipple. It sends shivers down my spine. Where's Don? And the guy? The licking is teasing me back to arousal. Her tongue dips inside me for a moment before doing loops around my sensitive clit without touching it.

Without warning my hands are released and I rip off my blindfold. I look down to see a brunette head buried in my crotch. Don is standing off to the side rubbing his dick with a huge grin on his face. At some point, he'd removed his shirt. He winks when he sees me looking at him.

The other guy comes around the tree with my ties dangling from one hand. He is also naked and has a raging hard-on. He takes my hand and pulls me away from the tree. The brunette gets up and follows.

The man walks a few steps then turns around and pushes me down on my knees in front of him. I take his dick in my hands and slowly start to lick it. I stop in surprise as the woman's head scooches between my legs and she continues where she left off. I feel hands on my shoulders and look around to see Don getting down on top of the girl.

I can feel Don's rhythm through both his hands on my shoulders and the woman's head moving slightly back and forth. I follow the same rhythm as I move my mouth back and forth over as much as I can of the man's dick. Suddenly the man grabs my hair and starts moving my head faster and faster. I can feel his dick pulsing as he begins to cum. Oh shit! I always have trouble with this part! Then I notice the woman below me moving erratically and realize that she's cumming also. As my mind gets back to what I'm doing, I realize the man is done and I had no trouble at all. I gently lick him as he pulls out and backs up a step.

I get off the woman and turn around in time to see the disappointment turn to surprise on Don's face as I place myself back over the woman, this time facing him. He changes his rhythm and pulls my face in for a deep kiss. He holds me like that and moans in my mouth as he starts to cum. This sends another jolt of electricity right down to my pussy and I start to cum as well.

Don and I fall off the woman together and lay panting next to each other. When I look around, I see that the man is already dressed and the woman is almost done. As they start to walk off without a word, Don shouts "Thanks!" The woman turns back and winks at us. I look at him in surprise, "Did you plan that?"