 The party was coming to an end - it was late afternoon, and the guests had been well fed and had partaken of plenty of Publius' wine. Publius himself was merry, but had been careful to not become drunk. It was his wedding day, and he had yet to spend his first night with his new wife Favonia -- but he was sure that he was going to enjoy it, for he had discovered a secret about her.

She appeared to be a mild-mannered woman of twenty-eight years, but he knew this was only for appearances. She had dark brown hair, and hazel eyes that she was adept at flashing towards him in a very attractive way; he had been attracted to her from the moment they had met a year previously, though he supposed she was unaware that he had been at the party in Nero's Golden House, where many of those partaking in the orgy were masked -- even she had been. He had seen how eager she had been for every experience, moving from man to woman, without any inhibitions -- and he had asked the master of ceremonies for her details. 

The man had hesitated, but enough denarii had convinced him it was well worth his while.

Publius himself was thirty years old, though he still looked younger even than that, with unruly black curls which he wore long. He had dark eyes with long lashes and a handsome jawline that his younger brother greatly envied.

Publius walked arm in arm with Favonia to the vestibulum with the last of their guests, calling goodbye as the slave closed the doors behind them.

Publius turned to Favonia, and said, 'I thought they'd never leave!'

Favonia looked up at her new husband and smiled, and he smiled to see her desire clear on that pretty, soft face. The memory of her taking a cock deep in her cunt came back to him, and his cock stirred. 

'Come with me,' he said, and gently took her hand. 'I have something specially arranged for you.'

He led here into the bath house that was attached to the city villa, and there stood the infamous duo Larius and Marilla. They were exclusive sex for hire -- Publius had had to ask the Emperor's permission to hire them, which Nero had granted reluctantly.  

Larius was tall, handsome man, probably from Gaul, while Marilla was a petit woman with round beautiful breasts and curly dark hair. They were both perhaps twenty years old. They gleamed in the dim light of the bath house, both of them naked.

'Larius, Marilla -- would you be kind enough to oil and scrape down my wife?'

They came forward and took her by the hands. She followed them willingly. She had heard of the pair, and shivered in anticipation. She wondered how Publius had known -- but that didn't matter.

Publius followed them into the undressing room, and sat on a bench to watch. 

The two almost tenderly let down Favonia's hair. The brown waves tumbled down over her back, tickling her skin and making her shiver, her nipples growing hard. She could feel his eyes on her, though she was facing away from him. Then Larius undid the brooches at her shoulders, so that her loose dress fell to the floor, revealing two soft shoulders, a sweep of pale lower back and her round, soft buttocks to Publius.

'Turn around,' he said. 

She turned slowly, aware of her own beauty, and stood before him unashamed.

'Oil,' he said to Larius and Marilla.

They both took an oil flask from a shelf nearby and began to apply the oil to Favonia's body. Larius began on one shoulder, massaging the oil slowly into her skin, allowing his hands to work across her full, round breasts from behind, so as not to interrupt Publius' view. Her nipples hardened as his hands massaged those breasts - they were gloriously large and heavy. Publius could imagine the feel of them in his hands, slick with oil, those tight little rosebud nipples... He slid his hand under his tunic and took his rigid cock and gently caressed it, taut with the anticipation of taking those perfect nipples into his mouth, first one pink bud, then the other. He moaned at the thought, just watching Larius' hands work over the beautiful globes.

Marilla was slowly working oil it Favonia's legs... Publius looked up at his new wife's face. She had her eyes half closed as she gave small moans of pleasure. Favonia had shifted her legs apart, allowing the girl's hands to move ever upwards along her inner thighs, massaging, before reaching her peach. Marilla gently massaged her mound with the palm of her hand.

Favonia had her eyes locked on Publius as he gently stroked, and watched her opening before him. He brought himself close to cumming - but not too close - he was the master of waiting; he wanted to give all of his cream to her. The thought made him groan, longing to touch her, to feel the walls of her warm, silky pussy close around his cock...

Favonia felt her cunt throb in response to his moan, and she slipped her hand down to her entrance, placing her hand over Marilla's, guiding her fingers into Favonia's cunt. She moaned at the feeling of the girl's fingers in her wetness as she inserted another finger, then slipped in another. They were the perfect length to rub on her pleasure centre, her palm massaging her clit...

'Not too much,' he said in a low, husky voice, 'save it for me.'

She smiled, and allowed the two assistants to complete her oiling, and to scrape her down swiftly. As they did, she saw that Larius was aroused, his thrusting cock was impossible to miss. She looked to Publius, who had observed her, and said, 'Would you like to taste him?'

Favonia nodded, and he said, 'Soon, my princess. Tell me what you would do to him?'

Huskily, she said, 'I would take his cock deep into my mouth, longing for his cum on my tongue, and the pulse of his ecstasy on my lips.'

As she spoke, Publius stripped off his tunic, and stood naked, his cock erect. 

'Come to me,' he said. She obeyed, and he kissed her for the first time, caressing her tongue with his, pressing his erection against her wet pussy, teasing her, smiling when she made a sound that asked for him to enter her. He chuckled and said, 'Not yet, princess. Not yet.'

He took her hand and led her into the hot room. The assistants poured water into the brazier, filling the room with steam. Publius sat on a low bench, and invited Favonia to kneel before him.

She dropped gently to her knees, and with relish, she licked the few drops of cum from the head, before taking it deep into her mouth. She used one hand to gently work his soft tight balls, while she sucked and licked his rod, thrusting it deep into her throat. He was careful not to thrust too far, and she grasped his firm, round arse in her hands, her cunt throbbing with the thrill of Publius' building release - he grunted, a guttural animal sound as his seed shot into her mouth. Her pussy was aching and wet with her own juices. She was longing to feel those pulsation of his rigid cock cumming hard into the deepest part of her cunt.

He pulled her up onto his lap facing away from him, and pulled her legs open, which made her groan with anticipation. Marilla came towards her, and their eyes met, as the assistant knelt before Favonia. With slow and practiced ease, she sucked on Favonia's sweet, round cunt, open and willing, longing for the series of sucks and licks, hums and then the tongue and then two fingers diving inside her, causing her such exquisite pleasure. She gasped and made small desperate sounds, gripping Marilla's head, as she thrust her hips upwards, towards her mouth, towards the release her tongue promised.

A sound tore out of her as she came hard, as Marilla slurped down her cum with a satisfied smile.

Hard again, Publius indicated for Marilla to step away, and he pushed Favonia forward, so she was leaning over, and he swiftly entered her, making them both cry out with the shock of the feeling -- she, at feeling so completely filled and he at how warm and beautiful she felt, her wet silky walls wrapping themselves around his cock, almost as though they were sucking at his manhood.

'I want to watch you fucking,' Publius said huskily to the two hired assistants, as he slowly pumped his cock into Favonia, very slowly, luxuriating in the feeling, the building pleasure. 

Without hesitation, Larius knelt behind Marilla, who was already down on all fours, waiting for him and his enormous barbarian cock, which was engorged, and drips of pre-cum were already dewing the head. He gently eased it into Marilla's pussy. He had to do this a little at a time, her cries were of pleasure edged with pain as she felt it stretch her yoni to capacity, and bump against her deepest extent. She whimpered with desire and pain; but a moment later, as he began to gently thrust in and out, she groaned in a deep, guttural way, only moment away from orgasm.

Favonia felt a hot pulsation begin in her cunt as her own orgasm built, as Publius kept pumping her slowly, as he watched the couple before them; then, as the two assistants cried out in climax, both Publius and Favonia were caught up in their own great burst of ecstasy, his cock pulsating inside her as his cum shot into her deepest regions, making her cum hard herself, both of them crying out in pleasure as their juices mingled.

After Favonia had eased off his cock, juices flowing down her thigh, Publius led her out of the hot room, and into the cold room, where there was a large marble lined plunge pool.

He immersed himself, and pulled Favonia in after him; the oil making them slip together, the sensual slip of skin against skin had Publius hard again. He caressed her breasts, feeling his hands slipping down to her cunt. Looking into her eyes, he massaged her clit with his thumb as he slipped his fingers inside of her. She placed her arms around his neck, and allowed her head to fall backwards as he brought her up to the cusp of another orgasm, her breasts swinging gently back and forwards as she rode his hand. 

Before she reached climax, he removed his hand and slid her onto his cock, moaning with delight in that snug sheath that held his dick so firmly. She came almost immediately, but he stayed inside her, watching her writhe on his rod; slowly lowering her on and off of his cock, bringing himself to a slow, powerful orgasm.

He settled her onto his lap, and she laid with her head on his shoulder, both of them gasping for breath.

He stood, carrying her tenderly from the bath, and stood her on the glinting mosaic, and gently towelled her off. He started at her face, and then towelled downwards, lingering over her breasts, then down across her flat stomach, and lower back; finally, he sank to his knees, and dried down her legs, and her butt. He had begun to grow hard again, as he bent his head to gently lap at her pussy, which was swollen with pleasure. He tenderly ran his tongue over her clit, so, so gently, so as not to hurt her.

Favonia looked down, and he looked up at her. 'Can you accept me again, my love?'

Favonia said with a tender smile, 'Already?'

He glinted at her. 'You'll learn, I am seldom sated.'

'Good,' she said, 'for neither am I.'

He carried her to the triclinium in the dressing room, covered in furs and pillows. 

He went to lay her down, but she said, 'No, let me.'

He nodded, and laid down, then helped her mount him, one leg either side of his rigid penis. She took the head of his dick and slipped it sensuously up and down her slit, using it to tease her clit, making them both moan, before moving it down again, and slowly lowering herself onto that beautiful, turgid cock, gasping with the pleasure of it as it touched her pleasure centre.

She started to ride him, grinding herself down onto his shaft, feeling it's rigidness hitting the very deepest recesses of her cunt. They sounded like animals, deep guttural moans and growls in the back of the throat, until he could take no more of the slow, honey like pleasure. 

He flipped her over in one fluid movement, losing control of himself, and fucked her hard, his manhood pounding into her, her legs crooked up, hips tilted to welcome him, his balls slapping at her arsehole, until with a cry of ecstasy, she came again.

After a few moments, he pulled himself free, and she felt their mingled cum running down her pussy, which throbbed with pleasure, but she already knew she would never be able to get enough of him, his cock, and his seed.

They laid for a long time beside one another, he holding her to him in a sweet embrace, until they had both caught their breath. Then he laid back, sighing happily.

She was laying beside him with her eyes closed, a smile on her lips.