 They'd been invited to go out on the Mediterranean by Janet and Oswald Muchalin in the afternoon, so after Chucker and Lenny had wandered through the old part of Nice all morning they went up to their rooms to get ready. Not really knowing what to expect, Lenny put on a bikini bathing suit and over it a T-shirt and a pair of shorts. She wore sandals and a light jacket with a heavier jacket with a small skirt and odds and ends in a bag just in case. 

Chucker wore swimming trunks under shorts, a T-shirt and sandals, with a jacket in case the wind came up. They met Janet and Ozzie in the foyer and took a taxi to Cannes.

At the dock Lenny and Chucker followed the Muchalins expecting to board a nice sailing yacht, but were led up to a huge vessel. Janet explained that the owner was a Greek multimillionaire who'd found this beautiful old boat on the way to being broken up for scrap. He'd refurbished it at the cost of millions of Euros, and now lived on it most of the time, cruising the Mediterranean.

It was truly a beautiful vessel, all teak and polished brass, and they met the owner, Nick Spiridopoulos, who proudly showed them to their cabin and apologized for the fact that they'd have to share a cabin because the other twelve cabins were all taken.

The cabin had two double beds and a small bathroom/toilet. They dumped their stuff on the beds, and Janet asked the men to leave while she and Lenny changed.

As they changed and Lenny took off her bra to put on just a T-shirt, Janet remarked on what nice breasts she had.

"It's funny that many men like big breasts, but yours are a perfect size."

A little embarrassed, Lenny thanked her, and was even more embarrassed when Janet reached out and fondled her breast.

"I suppose you've never had an affair with another woman." Janet remarked. "You ought to try it, Lenny dear. It's very exciting."

She was naked, while Lenny just had on shorts, and she put her arms around Lenny and kissed her.

This took Lenny completely by surprise, but the softness of Janet's lips on hers was new and exciting, and their breasts touched which was even more exciting.

Janet's body was slender and not saggy as Lenny had expected, and that excited her too. She hadn't expected this from Janet, and so far hadn't said a word, but when Janet next put her hand down her shorts her heart started to pound.

"No, Janet, I don't think...." She stammered. "I'm not really ready. Even though...I don't know...it's very nice...."

Janet's hand had found its mark, and Lenny felt as if she might pass out. But Janet said,

"You wicked girl! You've shaved yourself. Only girls of a certain sort shave." She laughed, as she gently fingered Lenny's vagina and clitoris.

"I'm sorry, I'm being terribly forward. Did Chucker shave you?" As she pulled her hand away.

Lenny hastened to explain what had happened, and how greedy Chucker was for sex. Janet wanted to know more, so Lenny told her about all the sex Chucker had talked her into, including the hand job at the view point.

She didn't mention last night, so Janet asked her, "And sex again last night?"

"Well yes, sort of." Lenny replied.

"Sort of? What is "sort of" sex?"

Lenny hesitated, looking away. "Well, he gave me ...aaa...he gave me...anal sex."

"That rascal! You poor thing. Was that your first time? I bet it was. And it hurt, didn't it?" And she took Lenny in her arms again without waiting for an answer.

As she turned away to get dressed, Lenny noticed that Janet's crotch was shaved.

"Why Janet!" She laughed. "You told me that only a certain sort of girl shaved herself, and look at you."

"Yes, I did say that, and now you know the truth about me." She said, as they both laughed.

They went out on deck, Lenny wearing the T-shirt and bikini, while Janet had on nothing but a diaphanous knee length dress. If you squinted real hard you could imagine you could see through it -- and maybe you really could.

As they went out on deck a waiter came up and offered them a glass of champagne, which they both accepted, and then continued to wander on the deck. Most of the people were about Lenny's age and a couple of the girls had already taken their tops off. Janet introduced her to a beautiful dark girl and then left them alone.

The girl was Israeli living in France. Her parents were wealthy, as were all the guests, and she was attending the Sorbonne, in Paris. The girl spoke perfect English and was very interesting, having travelled all over Europe and had been to the US several times.

As they talked the girl took off her bra, and Lenny started to realize that she was a lesbian, so when she invited Lenny to go to her cabin to talk some more she was tempted but declined. She wondered if Janet had introduced them on purpose.

Nearly all of the guests on the ship were young, and all were wealthy and intelligent, and Lenny wandered about talking, joking and laughing, having a wonderful time. It was getting close to dinner time, after which she assumed they'd be going back to Cannes. She wondered what had become of Chucker and the others.

Ozzie was having the time of his life watching these wonderful young women, half of whom had their tops off, and one of whom was naked. He wanted to touch them, but most were wary of him and the one whose breast he had touched had laughingly pushed his hand away.

Meanwhile Chucker and Janet had retired to the cabin and locked the door. She was lying on one of the beds while he sat on the other.

"How are you and sweet Lenny getting on?" Janet asked him.

"She's a very nice girl, and we've had great sex a couple of times." 

"A couple off times? I imagine you've been at her continuously since her husband left, haven't you?"

Chucker paused, looked away, then reached across and touched Janet's knee.

"Well, you know she's quite young and inexperienced, but really delightful."

"How many times have you fucked her?" Janet demanded.

"Well, let's see. There was the time with Karl, then after Karl left in the morning; then on our way back from lunch at a view spot (neglecting to say it was a hand job); then in my room in the afternoon. After dinner, of course, after your husband had been feeling her up, we had a rather special event, then this morning. What's that, six times?"

"Yes, I suppose so. What was so special about last night?"

Again he paused before answering. "Well, I took her anal virginity."

"What? You filthy swine." She laughed. "You buggered that poor girl? You couldn't wait and leave that up to her husband?"

"Yes, I buggered her, and made her squeal with pain and delight, and I'll bugger you if you'll take that dress off, and bend over." And he leaned over and kissed her.

"No you won't my Aussie friend," She laughed, as she pushed him away. "But later tonight we might get to know each other a little better. Just now I have to go and find Ozzie and make sure he's staying out of trouble, and you should find Lenny."

They both got up and left the cabin and Chucker found Lenny leaning over the rail looking out to sea.

"Having a good time?" he asked her.

"Yes, it's really wonderful, isn't it?" She answered him, "But I should telephone Karl to see if he'll be home tonight. I wonder how I can do that."

At Chucker's suggestion they went up to the bridge. The sailor on the bridge directed them to the captain's cabin, and they found Nick Spiridopoulos, the owner and captain entertaining a very young looking girl, but he handed Lenny a cellphone and she phoned Karl. It was getting late, almost six o'clock, and he should be leaving Paris, but there was no answer.

They went back down to the deck and talked. Chucker was trying to persuade her to go back to the cabin with him, but Lenny wasn't in the mood and was worried that she might not see Karl that night. Nick had told them that dinner would be about seven, so after a few minutes Lenny said she was going to put on something warmer, and again told Chucker she "No".

Back in the cabin she went to the bathroom to pee, and as she came out the door to the deck opened. "Oh no." She thought "Not Chucker again!" But it was Ozzie.

"Ah." He said. "At last we are alone my dear."

"No we're not Ozzie," She said, "I'm just leaving." As she started to zip up her shorts.

He was drunk, of course, and grabbed her and pulling her toward him, kissed her.

"Ozzie, stop it!" and she pushed him away. But he held her and started to push his hand down her shorts, preventing her from doing them up. She gave him a hard shove, but because his hand was still in her shorts, they fell over together.

Normally Lenny would have been able to take care of someone like Ozzie easily, but now, with his hand in her shorts, and falling together with her right arm under him, he was able to hold her, and his fingers found her vagina, and in the struggle her zipper suddenly broke.

"Stop it, Ozzie!" Lenny screamed as she swung her fist, hitting his eye.

"Ow!" He yelled. "You are a vicious woman. Come on, sweety, just a quick fuck. No-one'll know."

Lenny's short were half off now, and as they struggled the cabin door opened and Chucker walked in. "What's this 'avin' a bit of fun, are we?"

"For God's sake Chucker help me!" Lenny shouted at him.

Chucker reached over and pulled Ozzie off her with one hand.

"Ozzie, you are a bad, bad man. You could go to prison for what you were trying to do to poor Lenny." He told him while he held him up with one hand. "Why didn't you give him the knee Lenny?"

"I would have, but he caught me off balance. He could certainly go to jail in America, but I guess, since he's titled, he would be treated more kindly here."

"So what have you got to say for yourself? Sir Oswald?"

Ozzie was standing swaying, but he looked right at Chucker and said, "She was playing up to me. She let me feel her up at dinner last night so I thought she wanted it."

Lenny hastened to explain what Janet had told her last night, to let Ozzie have his fun, to humor him.

"Okay, I think we'd better call it a misunderstanding and forget it, is that alright everybody?" Chucker said. Then realizing that Lenny was standing there with her shorts half off, he said, "And Ozzie, you and I should leave and let Lenny get dressed."

Lenny replaced her damaged shorts with a miniskirt, then she found Chucker and Ozzie, who had joined Janet, and they all went to dinner.

Dinner was buffet style, and after getting some food they all went out on the deck to eat. The food, of course, was delicious and was accompanied by a very good Greek wine. The Muchalins told the others about the fun they'd had when they'd gone to Greece and Turkey. Ozzie had to tell them that Janet had found a very young Turkish lover.

"Just a schoolboy he was really."

"Oh shut up Ozzie, you old wanker. You have to buy sex and you're just jealous because I can get all I want." And she laughed.

It was getting late, and now Lenny was getting worried. She'd expected them to be going back to Cannes, but it seemed that they might stay out all night. She'd had enough of Chucker and wanted to go back to be with Karl.

She went back up to the bridge to talk to Nick, and phone Karl again, and see if she could get back to be with him. The young girl she'd seen before opened the door of Nick's cabin. Lenny was surprised to see that she was naked now except for a long T-shirt.

Nick came out and after patting her bottom, handed her his cell phone again and Lenny dialed their hotel room.

This time Karl answered. "Lenny, where are you? I was worried when you weren't here."

She quickly explained what had happened, then asked Nick, "Can I get back to Cannes tonight."

Nick hesitated, "Most of our guests are going to be here all night, can't you wait until the morning?"

"No!" Lenny said firmly. "I have to get back tonight."

"Alright, let's see." Nick glanced at a chart on the desk. "It's eight o'clock now, we have to turn about, then get you a water taxi...........Tell him you'll be on the dock at Cannes by ten."

"Did you hear that Karl? Ten o'clock on the dock at Cannes."

When she hung up Nick asked her, "Since you're here, why don't you have a drink with me and Tina? That way I'd be sure to get you back on time. In fact under the right circumstances we might get back quicker"

Lenny thought about that for a moment. She wanted to get back to Karl as soon as possible. What would she be getting into with Nick? But if it meant getting back to Cannes quickly.......

"Okay," She said. "I'd enjoy a drink."

Nick poured three glasses. He said it was Ouzo, a Greek drink, but it tasted to Lenny like raw alcohol.

Nick made Tina put some clothes on. "She's such a little minx, all she thinks of is sex." He said.

They talked and Tina was quite intelligent and knew the Cote d'Azure very well, and told her some places she should visit before she left. After a few minutes Nick told Lenny that he'd like to show her his quarters. They were quite spacious; a small kitchen and dining area, and in the back was the bedroom, with a huge bed, obviously recently used and unmade. 

He took Lenny's arm and turned her toward him, then kissed her. Okay, she thought to herself, let's get it over with, as she returned his kiss. 

"Can you really get me back to Cannes quicker than ten o'clock?" she asked him.

"Of course I can my dear." He started to caress her breast through her T-shirt as he kissed her again, and he reached out and swung the door closed. 

"That's better." He said. "Tina's so jealous."

He pulled her T-shirt up and over her head, then as he kissed her nipple his hand went under her skirt. He gently pushed her back to the bed and started to try and pull her panties down. Then, still trying to get this all over, Lenny pulled off her panties and spread her legs for him. His fingers were rubbing her, penetrating her, as he kissed her mouth and her breasts.

There was a noise of voices in the forward part of the cabin, then a knock at the door.

Nick, irritated, "What is it?"

Tina, "A man looking for Lenny."

"Tell him she'll be out in half an hour." He said testily.

The door opened suddenly, and there was Chucker.

"Come on Nick, leave Lenny alone." He said, as Lenny sat up and tried to cover herself.

"Lenny, what the fuck are you doing here? Get your clothes on and get out of here."

He dragged her quickly out the door, still putting her T-shirt on.

"What the fuck was that all about, you little slut!" Chucker said as he shook Lenny by the shoulders.

She started to cry and put her head down.

"Tell me!" He repeated.

"He....he said we could get back to Cannes quicker if I had a drink with him. Then he took me back to the bedroom. I want to be with Karl so much, you wouldn't understand. I'd do anything...........yes even....even...sleep with Nick if.........oh shit."

Chucker took her in his arms. "You little innocent fool. A man can't help loving you and your innocence. "And he kissed her.

Lenny smiled up at him with eyes still welling tears. "Thank you. Thank you Chucker for saving me for the second time today."

"Shut up or I'll lean you over the rail and fuck you."

Suddenly Lenny stopped dead, open mouthed. "Shit! Oh shit, I left my panties there."

Chucker laughed, "You're lucky that's the only thing you lost in Nick's bedroom."

They joined Ozzie and Janet on deck as the sun was going down. No mention was made of the incident with Nick, although Lenny told them that he was going to take her back to Cannes.

The time passed very quickly, and soon Lenny heard Nick call for her over the loudspeaker. She gathered her things and met him at the side where he apologized for the incident in his bedroom, and told her he was carried away by her beauty.

A launch had come alongside, and she passed her bag down, then climbed down the ladder into it. As she climbed down she realized that they were shining a light up at her -- right up her skirt, and she didn't have any panties. Have a good look, she thought, just take me to Karl.

Soon they were alongside the quay at Cannes, and eager hands helped her up the ladder. She hurried, half running, along the dock, reached the street, and saw only a taxi parked. Where was Karl and the BMW?

The taxi's lights came on and it drove toward her. She had one more moment of dread, what now, more trouble? The taxi stopped beside her - and out jumped Karl. He grabbed her and hugged her and she burst into tears.

"Karl my love. Oh God it's really you. Never, never leave me alone again."

They got in the cab and kissed and kissed until they reached the hotel, then, after he'd paid the driver and tipped him well, Karl rushed Lenny up to the room. In the room they just stood, locked in a tight embrace, just standing there hugging, saying nothing. Then Karl said he was sorry and would never leave her alone again.

"I didn't realize what it would be like to be without you." He said.

"And I didn't realize that I loved you until I was alone with Chucker." Lenny replied. "I thought it would be great, lots of good sex, but without you I felt so alone, so vulnerable."

"Did he hurt you, do something to you?" Karl asked, worried.

"No..that is, there was nothing I didn't want, it was all wonderful. I've never had sex like that, never had so much good fucking. Just the first time, after you'd left, and we came back here, we did it right on the couch there. But the whole place seemed empty, and I didn't want sex, but Chucker was so worked up we did it anyway."

This really got Karl excited. He wanted her right now, on the same couch where Chucker had had her. In a moment he had her jacket and T-shirt off and pushing her back on the couch pushed her skirt up, and found........no panties. He got through that but then found her crotch hairless.

"What did you do? Did Chucker do this? Did you just have sex with him?" He wanted to know, his mind racing. The thought of her just coming away from being with another man was too much. He didn't wait for her reply, but kneeling in front of her, just as Chucker had two days ago, without any more foreplay he drove his stiff penis straight into her.

She gasped then gave a sigh, almost of pain, as she felt him drive straight and deep into her vagina. The next few minutes were just one long furious fucking, as she told him of her love and joy in a stuttering obscene monolog. 

Then Karl shot a huge load of sperm into her hot vagina, and they lay clasped together like a single, spent unit. Lenny wanted to hold Karl inside her, and wrapped her legs around him tightly.

After what seemed like forever Karl said. "This is wonderful, but we can't sleep here, and you have to tell me everything that happened."

They undressed quickly and got into bed and Lenny spent the next hour telling Karl everything that had happened since he'd been gone -- except for the anal sex she'd had from Chucker. She didn't think he was ready to hear about that yet. Karl told her her pills were on the dresser when he'd come into the suite, probably found by the maid.

The next morning when they got up, Karl told Lenny about a great place he wanted to take her to, the Grand Canyon of Verdon, so right after breakfast they got ready, and as they were going out the door ran into Chucker and the Machulins, who were returning from the yacht.

Chucker introduced Karl to Ozzie and Janet. 

"So you're dear Lenny's husband." Janet said. "I wanted to take you two newlyweds out to dinner the other night, but your friend Chucker went instead. Perhaps we can do it this evening." Then turning to Lenny she said, "And I promise Ozzie will behave himself this time."

Since Karl and Lenny might be late getting back they agreed to meet the following night at seven in the lobby. There were only three days left, and Lenny and Karl had to make the most of them.
