 The smell of freshly baked bread filled the house as Carlos and Vin walked inside. They followed the scent to the kitchen where Petra was pulling out a loaf from the oven. She looked up at them and smiled. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she wore a pink cotton tank top and a very short denim skirt.

"Welcome back," she told them, "Did you have fun?"

"May we have some?" Carlos asked her, looking boyish and cute.

"Please?" Vin added.

"Have you been good today?" she asked with a grin.

"I let Carlos beat me," Vin replied quickly.

"Once," Carlos muttered in good humor.

"All right," Petra smiled, "You may have some bread on one condition."

"What?" they looked at her warily.

"You take a shower," she wrinkled her nose, "You both stink."

They looked at each other and hurried off to take showers. When they returned, Petra had a plate of sliced bread and a plate of real butter waiting for them. They sat at the breakfast bar and looked at her expectantly.

"What would you like on your bread?" she asked them, "I have jams, jelly, marmalade, honey..."

"Honey," the chimed in unison then laughed.

"All right," she turned and opened a cupboard, reaching up to the top shelf.

The men enjoyed the view as her skirt rode up as well, exposing most of her legs. She pulled down several jars then carried them to the counter, setting them down.

"I have regular honey, vanilla honey, raspberry honey," she began, "Blackberry honey, orange honey, chocolate honey, cinnamon honey and apple honey."

"Cinnamon," Carlos said with a wicked grin.

"Apple," Vin requested with a smirk.

"Two of my favorites," Petra winked at them both.

"I know," the men spoke in unison again then laughed again.

They each picked up a slice of bread and buttered it before adding the honey topping. Carlos took a bite of his and savored the flavor before turning the bread to Petra and encouraging her to take a bite. She did, letting some of the honey drip down her chin and a drop landed on her skin above the neckline of the tank top.

"Allow me," Carlos murmured. He set down his bread and got up, walking around the counter. He leaned over and placed a kiss next to her mouth where the honey lay.

Petra's breathing went ragged as he slowly moved his mouth down her face, lapping at the honey before dipping his head down to her chest and licking up the drop of honey.

"Try mine," Vin held his piece of bread toward her, the honey thick and starting to drip.

Petra took a bite and more honey fell onto her cleavage. Carlos licked at her mouth as Vin got up and went around to take care of what was on her skin. The two men ignored the bread and paid attention to the women in their arms. 

Vin's mouth continued to nibble and nuzzle at her breasts as Carlos kissed her then moved his mouth up her cheek to nip at her earlobe. Petra moaned at the double assault and both men chuckled.

"I have a thought," Carlos murmured into her ear.

"Oh?" Petra gasped as Vin's hands cupped her breasts, his thumbs running over her hardening nipples.

"Si," he replied and looked at Vin.

"Si," the other man grinned at his friend.

Vin stepped away and picked up the jars of honey from the counter as Carlos scooped Petra up in his arms. Vin led the way to Petra's bedroom where Carlos set her down at the foot of the king size bed. Vin set the jars on her nightstand then frowned a moment before leaving the room.

"What's going on?" Petra asked Carlos.

"Shh..." he told her as he pulled her tank top from the waist of the skirt. Carlos proceeded to remove her clothing until she was naked before him. "On the bed, cara," he instructed her.

Petra crawled onto the bed and looked at him. He told her to lie back in the center and raise her arms. As she did so, he began to strip. She watched him strip as Vin came back into the room with two honey wands, handing one to Carlos. Soon Vin was naked as well.

Petra shifted so she was propped up on her elbows and looked at the two men. Both were just shy of six feet tall and had natural tan complexions. Both had dark curly hair, where Carlos' was short, Vin's was just past his shoulders. Both had intense dark brown eyes. Carlos' chest had a nice mat of dark chest hair where Vin had more of a dusting.

She lowered her gaze and found they were both happy to see her and they were both about eight inches long. Vin was thicker and she licked her lower lip in anticipation as she rubbed her thighs together.

"Lay back," Vin murmured as he sat on the bed next to her.

Carlos went to the other side and sat as well. Both men feasted on her visually, the promises coming from their gazes making her squirm and go wet. Petra reached out to touch both of them and they chuckled, moving away.

Vin picked up the jar of cinnamon honey and handed it to Carlos, who opened it and set it on the other nightstand. He set the honey wand into the jar, watching it slowly penetrate the thick liquid. Petra shivered as she watched it, mesmerized.

Something cool hit her nipple and she gasped, seeing Vin drizzle some apple honey onto her breast with his wand. He moved the wand and painted her breast with the confection. She gasped louder when he began to lick the honey from her skin.

Vin's mouth and tongue laved at her breast but he avoided the areola, making Petra squirm slightly. She squirmed more when Carlos picked up her arm, dripping honey on the inside of her elbow, lapping it up quickly with his tongue.

"Oh God," she muttered as Vin finally worked his tongue across her nipple. She cried out in pleasure as he lightly bit it.

Carlos slipped his hands between her thighs, gently spreading them open to give him access. He slipped a finger between her folds and smiled at the wet heat he felt. He took the wand and pulled it from the honey, twirling it to catch any excess honey. He brought it between her legs and he saw her eyes open wide as he pressed the bulb of the wand to her outer lips and move it around to coat her with honey.

He watched her through hooded eyes as he brought the bulb to his lips and lick off the remaining honey that was mixed with her juices. Once it was clean, he set the wand aside and crawled between her legs.

Petra whimpered in anticipation as Carlos settled his head between her thighs. She was doubly assaulted when Vin put more honey on her other breast as Carlos began to lap at the honey on her sex. She was consumed by her senses as both men licked at her.

Carlos reached up for the wand and brought it to Petra's clit, rubbing the notched side around the sensitive nub. She gasped as her hips twitched. He smiled then brought it down and slipped it inside her as his lips captured the button of flesh where the wand had been.

Petra moaned as he slowly moved the wand in and out, twisting it now and again to add to the stimulation. She clutched at the bedspread then reached out and threaded her fingers into Vin's hair, pulling him up to her. He kissed her and she licked at his mouth, trying to capture the taste of the apple honey.

Vin kissed her thoroughly, one hand massaging and teasing her breast. He nibbled on her lower lip as she began to pant under Carlos' ministrations. She whimpered loudly into his mouth as her body arched up when her orgasm hit. 

Carlos removed the wand and handed it to Vin as he moved his mouth lower and began to gently lap and suck on her some more. Vin took the wand and licked it while Petra watched.

"So sweet," he murmured before bringing it to her lips. "Taste"

Petra shivered as he ran the wand along her lower lip. Her tongue darted out and she tasted herself with the cinnamon honey. She shuddered again and Vin leaned down, kissing her again.

Carlos finally came up for air and moved to the side of her, trailing his lips up her side, nuzzling her neck. Petra moved her face to kiss him, their tongues dueling.

"Front or back?" Vin asked softly.

"Front," Carlos grinned.

Vin slipped from the bed and took Petra by the legs gently, pulling her to the side before rolling her over. He got her up on her knees as Carlos slipped under her. Petra was confused at first but then realized what they intended and she grinned.

"Honey," she murmured, looking back at Vin. He grinned and handed her the jar and wand. Petra dipped the wand into the jar and then let the honey drip onto Carlos' erection like she was topping a sundae. She watched him twitch as the honey began to ooze down the sides. When he was coated enough, she handed the honey back to Vin and dipped her head to lick at the base of him, lapping up the treat. Carlos groaned, threading a hand into her hair.

Vin rubbed the head of his cock along her labia, teasing her until her hips wiggled and she made a noise in her throat. He centered himself and slowly pushed in. He took his time, pulling more noises from Petra as he finally sank into the hilt.

Petra finished licking the honey off of Carlos then lowered her head to lick at his balls as she gently fondled them. Carlos groaned again as her fingers slipped behind the sac and massaged the spot at the base. Her mouth worked its way back up to the head and she popped it into her mouth, sucking.

"Dios!" Carlos cried out.

Petra slipped her mouth down, taking most of him in. She slowly pulled back, sucking as she did. Vin watched for a few moments before he began to pull out. He was teasingly slow as he moved in and out of her, his hands on her hips.

Carlos slipped a hand under Petra and tweaked her nipple before slipping down and slipping a finger between her legs. He could feel the heat from Vin as he thrust in and out. His finger flicked at her clit and she bucked her hips, causing Vin to moan.

Petra continued to suck on Carlos, her hands working with her mouth. Carlos continued to finger her as Vin picked up the pace, his hips slapping against her bottom as he thrust in and out, dipping his body now and again to stimulate her even more.

Carlos cried out and buried his hands in her hair as his hips flexed up. He made short, jabbing strokes at her mouth as she sucked on just the head, rubbing his length with her hand. A moment later he cried out as the first stream of his semen hit her mouth. Petra moaned around him as she continued to suck and swallow.

Petra gently licked Carlos clean when he was done. He lay back on the bed, one hand behind his head, the other on his stomach. He smiled at Petra as she pushed back against Vin, one of her hands going to her breast, pinching the nipple. She moaned as Vin slipped a hand around to her front and began fingering her as his pace increased.

"Soon..." Petra gasped.

"Yes..." Vin muttered as he pounded into her.

Vin came first with a shout as his body ground against her in tight circles. Petra's breath caught in her throat and she let out a keening wail as her orgasm started. Her body shook around Vin, milking him tightly. He groaned at the sensation. 

Petra pulled away from Vin when she was done, crawling up to cuddle with Carlos. He kissed her gently, stroking her hair and back. Vin crawled up on the other side and spooned up with her. Petra rolled back slightly, allowing Vin to kiss her.

"Next time we try the strawberry jam with the bread," Vin murmured and they all chuckled weakly.