 Per Literotica guidelines, all characters are 18 years or older.

I like big boobs. I choose the size. I don't tell you how to live your life. So you got an issue, move on somewhere else where someone else cares.

*****

My name is Everett Tyler. But my friends just call me E. I'm 6'6 and 213 pounds. At 45 years old, my dad Richard and my mother Suzanne at just 28 gave birth to me. When I was 12, my mom died in a car crash. My dad, a prominent businessman wasn't there to comfort me.

4 years later, he showed up with a new wife, the 22 year old Rebecca Stewart, an Algebra teacher. She had a cheerleader body with curves in all the right places. She tried immediately to be a good mother figure which I appreciated deeply.

Until I was 19, she was the prime source of my jerk off sessions. She once found me jerking to her while moaning her name. We made eye contact after she had walked in my room. She backed out quickly, never saying anything about it. 

Over time, I spent less time at home, mostly at basketball practice or sleeping at a friend's house. With my dad gone constantly, I felt bad for Rebecca alone all the time but I could never bring myself to actually spend time with her. During summer vacation during my sophomore year in college, I decided to go by.

When I arrived, she stood in our living with two friends, her 38E boobs straining the string on the front of blue and yellow bikini. She didn't notice I was there. Imagine my surprise as I entered the kitchen. I saw 2 other smoking hot MILFs.

Julia Walsh, a 34G housewife and realtor from up the street in a bright orange bikini. 

Savannah Mitchell, the 40E mother of one of my former classmates and owner of beach shop wearing a white string bikini.

They were all drinking wine as I came in and greeted me. Rebecca, looking extremely sexy with her long brown hair, came over and hugged me. It had been a while since I had seen her but the feel of my face in her deep cleavage was just as spectacular.

While she talked to me about school, I overheard Julia and Savannah's conversation.

"And Steve really doesn't get it up anymore?" Savannah asked with her hand over her mouth, not having noticed my arrival.

"Never," Julia answered with a shake of her head, "and when he does, he lasts 2 minutes and passes out."

"That's nothing," Savannah said as she sat with her hands between her legs, "I found out that Damien is sleeping with someone else. There were the texts. And then the panties in his toolbox. I felt so worthless. But I decided to try to spice things up a little.

"So last night," she continued, "I showed off for him in this new bikini. My ass is practically hanging out of this thing. And yet, he didn't stir in the least. When we ordered pizza, the delivery boy practically slobbering when he saw me."

"I can think of someone who appreciates it..." Becky replied. The front of my shorts held an obscene boner, nearly showing past my cuff. Julia smiled as she saw my reaction, looking intently from her succulent lips to her large breasts and tanned firm legs.

"I wish my husband was still young and virile," Julia said as she downed another glass, "then I wouldn't need to finish myself with the shower head each night." She clasped her hand over her mouth, forgetting I was there. But the words had my pituitary gland working overtime.

"Well at least you know you're still attractive," Savannah said, a wonder for the eyes herself, "or maybe he just finds us... whatever they call women now... 'GILFs?'"

"MILFs" I replied without thinking, suddenly having all 6 eyes on me.

Rebecca chuckled and sat, her legs crossed. I could see one of her pussy lips, shaven and wet. "I remember when we went on that trip to Florida," Rebecca said as she sipped, "Everett had a boner when we went to the beach. Only 13 years old with a pornstar cock."

She ran her hand up her smooth hips, reliving the experience. "I of course wondered how," she continued, "his father never got past 6 inches. I knew it was wrong to think of him that way but... whoo!" It was obviously the liquor talking but it was still arousing.

I began to go upstairs just as Savannah began to rub my bulge. She then moved my hand to her large right boob and I started to grope the tender warm flesh as I moaned softly. Julia began to rub her pussy as Becky lowered my shorts. "Let's see how much has changed."

The others let out loud gasps as I was exposed in front of them. As the waistband dropped, a bead of precum struck Julia's cheek. As she licked it from her fingers, she rubbed herself faster and the other two watched me get harder in Savannah's hand, precum steadily dripping from my buzzing knob.

As Julia began to lick my shaft, Becky allowed me to suck on her hard nipples. 

"Why don't we take this upstairs ladies?" Becky asked as she held my hand.

I followed them to her bedroom, watching the heavenly asses jiggling as they walked. Once we were inside, Julia removed my shirt and Becky had me sit against the headboard. She squirted some oil onto her hand which she applied gently to my cock.

"Look at his size!" Savannah exclaimed, "it's got to be at least 9 inches."

"Yeah," Becky replied as she took off her bra, "but we can do better." She applied more oil to her hand and began to rub it on her boobs. Soon they were all rubbing it all on one another occasionally slipping fingers in another's pussy or ass. Savannah moaned loudly as Julia began to probe her pussy with her slick fingers.

She soon was sent into a powerful orgasm, her huge boobs heaving as she came to Julia's furious stimulation. I then watched as Becky began to suck Julia's tits. Neither one of them had the least amount of sag, despite Savannah and Becky both having children.

Julia smiled broadly as she saw my fully erect dick, 14 rock hard inches. Fully nude and surrounded by some of the hottest women in my neighborhood was amazing. Becky and Julia got on each side of me and began to stroke me as I held onto each of their boobs.

Savannah chuckled as she flicked her tongue across my tip and held my fully loaded balls. I wrapped my mouth around Becky's hard tits and she moaned while Julia rubbed herself. As Becky and Julia continued sliding their hands along my pole, Savannah rose up to let me suck her glorious breasts.

I then began to knead the wondrous orbs, softly massaging the soft flesh while roughly pinching and tweaking her nipples. She moaned loudly and the others began to laugh. They then began kissing all over me, sucking my fingers, nipples and earlobes. Then each took turns sucking on my knob. It was so arousing, I had to fight from cumming then and there.

I groaned at their loving touch. "Don't blow that load too fast Everett," Julia said as I ran my fingers through her bush, "we have all the time we want." She lowered to kiss me, our lips locked in hot passion. She kept her lips pressed mine as Savannah began to suck on my balls while Becky sucked my head.

"Look at him..." Savannah said slyly as she licked my vein, "he wants us so bad to fuck this gigantic rail spike." I nearly died as the soft warmth of her breasts wrapped around my cock. My prick felt terrific in her cleavage while I kissed Becky and Julia. 

They held me down as Savannah took me into her mouth, sucking lower and lower until she reached my base. She pulled back up to my knob, giving me a sexy wink. She then held my base and began bobbing up and down.

"Oh god!!" I cried out as they laughed, kissing my chest. My cock shone brightly with Savannah's saliva and she blew me off loudly, the sound of her deep suction filling the room. I gritted my teeth to hold back and dug my fingers into Becky and Julia's tits. The room was full of moans and Savannah's wetness on my cock.

My precum finally began to fire. My first stream blasted down Savannah's throat. The second and third hit her face and tits. Becky and Julia then leaned over it, catching my cum in their mouths like a water fountain. 

"Fuck, that precum is delicious," Julia said as they all licked all the stray cream from each other's nipples. My cock throbbed from the amazing blowjob and Becky began to mount me. 

"I got him here," she said as she rubbed my head in her pussy, "I get first dibs." Becky slowly slid my head into her while the lube from the oil and cum let her slide down easily to my base. "Ohhhh yeah..." she moaned as I filled her. She moaned as she began to move up and down, her warm globes squeezed in my fingers.

I then moved my hands down to hold onto her hips, moving my cock slowly in and out. She kissed me tenderly as I held on her ass and her kissing became more eager, her tongue clashing with mine. I rubbed my thumb around Becky's areolas before bringing my tongue to circle them, sucking deeply on the hard nipple.

She cried out as her pussy muscles tightened, her orgasm coming in.

"Oh god!" Becky moaned loudly as she gripped her boobs, "I'm cumming!!" Savannah began to rapidly rub her clit as she came violently, spraying my cock and chest with her sweet juices. Julia at once licked them off, sucking gingerly on my nipples as Becky dismounted on shaky legs.

Savannah then lay against the headboard, spreading her legs. I couldn't help but begin sucking on her glorious soft boobs, licking down her toned stomach and rubbing her smooth thighs before staring at her shaven wet pussy. I placed my tongue at the base of her pussy, lapping her wetness while rubbing her squishing cunt.

"Fuck..." she moaned as her pussy muscles held my tongue, "Damien never does this to me..."

She raised her ass off the bed, her stockinged feet sliding over my shoulders as I sucked on her clit. She moaned softly, rubbing my head as I moved my tongue in slow circles, changing directions every few seconds. Her pussy tasted incredible, sweet like honey.

"Yes Everett!!" Savannah screamed as she pulled my face deeper, her juices flowing down my throat. Her breathing quickened, her boobs coming perilously close to her face as she bucked quickly under my attack. It took her a few minutes to calm down, her grip loosened on her head and I removed my dripping face from her cunt.

"God, that was incredible..." Savannah moaned as I kissed her and my cock grazed her pussy. Keeping her down, I palmed one huge tit, intertwining my tongue with hers, sharing her juices. We continued to explore every inside of one another's mouths. I then moved down until I was eye level with her magnificent boobs, putting my face between them.

We rubbed each other, her pussy wet with her need. "Put it in already you hung bastard!" Savannah shouted and I wasted no time pushing all my cock into her. The feeling was incredible, so tight and hot I nearly came upon impact. She moaned softly as I entered her.

I went slowly and she begged, "Harder! Fuck me!" I hesitated to tease her but then held up her legs and began pounding her roughly. Her eyes rolled back as I pounded her savagely while her ankles rested on my shoulders. We both moaned as I bottomed her out, our grooms meeting with loud impacts.

Seeing her blonde hair draping her creamy soft boobs was amazing as I fucked her harder. "Yeah Everett," Savannah moaned as she held my head up to look at her, "you like fucking that pussy?"

I managed to nod, feeling I was seconds away from a massive orgasm. She began to move against me, rotating her hips. To hold out, I gave a hard slap to her boobs making her cry out as she watched my cock slam into her. She screamed loudly as she reached her climax, her pussy relinquishing it's hold, my balls boiling.

She sat up and kissed me softly. "How was it?" Julia asked, rubbing herself.

"Perfect..." Savannah moaned as she continued to keep her lips glued to mine. I lay back as Julia sucked on my balls and Savannah kissed my chest and neck. I looked over to Becky, watching with glee and she winked back. I groaned as Julia collected the cum flowing from my cock and she and Savannah kissed, sharing my seed with each other.

They then began to suck and lick on the sides, Savannah tracing my veins with her tongue. The two maintained eye contact the entire time, Julia licking inside my slit. Her red lips covered my head as she sucked on it deeply, as if trying to suck my soul through it.

Julia sucked like a vacuum as Savannah pulled back, her mouth speedily moving over my prick, coating it in saliva. She was fucking wizard at sucking cock, massaging my balls as she inhaled me down her throat. At her command, I began to eat her ass while rubbing her pussy.

She moaned and writhed while I explored her hot insides as I rapidly fingered her. "He must love eating ass," Savannah said as she lightly stroked my throbbing shaft between my legs. Julia continued to moan and arch her back as I probed her anus. She sharply sucked a gust of air through her closed teeth and moaned loudly as she began to cum.

Becky now had her face between Savannah's legs, lapping her pussy while squeezing her large boobs. She licked every inch of her warm wet pussy. My cock was in severe need of attention and I pushed into Savannah's open mouth.

She blew me off brilliantly, sucking in her cheeks and licking over my full length. Soon, I was almost laying on top of Savannah as she continued to suck me. I then began to suck on her tits while Becky continued to eat her out. Savannah's breathing intensified, signaling her orgasm. Becky pulled her tongue out and began to vigorously finger her while I began sucking harder on her tits.

She cried out as she came all over Becky's tits. Julia and Savannah licked her clean before they all began kissing and groping one another. I had been close before Savannah had came and Becky's eye met mine. 

"I believe you and Everett have some unfinished business," Becky said to Julia. Julia licked her juicy lips and crawled over to me while Becky lay beside me, jerking me off. She pulled my foreskin down almost to my base while I sucked Julia tits and Savannah ate out Becky. The room was full of moans and I felt I couldn't last much longer.

Savannah pulled from Becky's pussy and began to lick and suck my knob. The pressure was building as Becky leaned to kiss me, moving Savannah's head faster over my prick, her saliva dripping down to my balls. I suddenly tensed and Savannah pulled back, giving a tight squeeze to my shaft.

"I can think of a much better place to deposit all this this hot load..." Savannah replied as she gestured over Julia. Becky began to jerk me off to full length as my cock had went semi-flaccid due to my pending orgasm. Julia then grabbed my prick around the halfway mark and lowered herself.

It took everything I had not to cum as I felt my head enter her hot wetness. I raised my hands to massage her massive globes as she continued to slide down. She began to ride me hard as I kept my hands alternating between her boobs and ass. She moaned softly as I sucked her hard tits.

As I sucked, I stuck a finger in her asshole and she cried out, bouncing furiously on my shaft. Her pussy was so wet and tight, it felt spectacular. "Oh..." Julia moaned loudly, "fuck yes!" Her huge boobs bounced wildly in every direction as I began pumping upward, my balls begging to finally achieve release.

She gripped hard onto the soaked sheet as I grabbed her hips and began to fucking her roughly. It was amazing seeing my cock zoom in and out of her as she pulled me to her, kissing in a frenzy, our tongues wrestling for dominance. I grabbed her hips again and began to mercilessly fuck her snatch, nearly making her lose balance.

"Yes! Fuck me!!" Julia begged as I sucked ever more on her full ripe breasts, "I'm cumming all over your gorgeous fat cock!" She screamed into my mouth as her juices flowed like a river over my balls and she cried out again with her head lay back, her boobs rising and falling quickly with her fast breathing.

As Becky began to finger her, they kissed tenderly as Becky moved her stocking feet over my cock as I sucked hungrily on Savannah's tits. One of them always pleasured my throbbing prick in some way as the other two pleasured one another. It was amazing when Becky slowly rode my cock in reverse cowgirl while Julia ate her out. 

Then Becky dismounted while I continued to suck her nipples as Savannah deepthroated me while massaging my sack. Becky and I kissed as we both enjoyed the oral stimulation. I then hammered Julia's as she and Becky 69'd each other. Savannah rubbed herself and sucked her large boobs as she watched us, prompting me to go even faster.

"Slow down big boy," Becky said as my balls dangled over her face, "we're not ready for you to cum just yet..." Savannah crawled over and pulled Julia's face to her pussy while they each inserted two fingers into Becky's cunt. Julia began to whimper and moan into Savannah's pussy and her cream soon sprayed into Becky's mouth.

As Savannah recovered from her orgasm, she lay down on her back, gesturing me to enter between her legs. I began to suck and lick her pussy as I fingered the other two. "Yes Everett..." Savannah moaned sweetly, "eat my pussy..." Becky and Julia began to finger her as well, making her squirm in pleasure.

"Oh fuck!" Savannah yelled as Becky began to suck on her right tit while Julia pinched the other. The look of pleasure on Savannah's face was full of happiness as she looked down at me, sucking deeply on her clit. Both Becky and Julia moaned as I continued to probe their cunts.

"I'm cumming!!" Savannah screamed as her juices gushed into my mouth and down my chin. Her hips slammed onto the bed as she went into a convulsion, practically foaming at the mouth. Julia reached down to hammer her hand down on my shaft as she and Becky came as well. 

Savannah lay back, breathing heavily. "Are you okay?" Becky asked with a small chuckle.

"Beck..." Savannah replied as she ran her fingers through my hair, "I don't ever remember feeling so good..." I suddenly felt the warm sensation of Becky's mouth wrapped around my pole, her green eyes staying glued to mine. I moaned softly as I began to fuck her mouth, her hot wetness coating my dick.

She then pulled off of me before kissing me warmly and gently pushing me onto my back. We looked at one another as she flipped her hair over her shoulder, licking up the underside of my shaft. I moaned as Savannah and Julie lovingly rubbed my chest as Becky sucked my tip.

I moaned louder as I slid inside her hot hole, gripping her boobs hard while our bodies met in hard wet slaps. I pinched and tweaked the beautiful tits. Our lips met in hot passion while I spanked her ass. My cock hit deep inside her cervix while I continued to suck her. As I nearly came, my attention was luckily drawn away as Julia placed her pussy over my face. 

As her sweet nectar flooded my mouth as I palmed her soft ass and pushed her further into my mouth. Julia cupped Savannah's larger boobs and began to squeeze them hard as they kissed. With both their pussies so close to my face as Becky's tight cunt continued to rocket up my cock, I fought the strong urge to blow my load.

I reached a hand up to finger Savannah as she moaned louder. The room was filled with the sounds of wet private parts, slaps of skin on skin and a chorus of moans. The smell of raw unrestrained hard fucking was intoxicating. Savannah and Julia cried out simultaneously as they came, nearly drowning me in their juices.

They laughed as they moved over. Becky came soon after and Savannah quickly replaced her, driving her pussy up and down my pole with untold speed. I saw stars as I reached up to hold firmly onto the bouncing globes, my cock tightly clenched in her cunt.

"Oh fuck yes! God that feels great!" she screamed as her juices slid down my shaft. She moaned softly as she looked deeply into my eyes, hers filled with desire and lust. She brought her lips to mine as she roughly rode my prick. 
