 I examined my makeup and hair in the full-length mirror, then turned and checked that my black stockings were straight. I didn't need to lift my skirt for this, since I wasn't wearing one. In fact, apart from the stockings, I was naked. I slipped on my black patent leather heels, then walked through to the mansion's large kitchen, my heels clicking on the wooden floor. I picked up the small white "French Maid" style apron that was folded on the counter, and tied it around my slender waist, only just covering my shaved pussy. Next, I took two ice cubes from the freezer and rubbed them on my nipples until they stood to attention, then picked up a silver tray of champagne flutes and headed out into the spacious reception hall where the guests were waiting.

Most of the guests for this evening's gathering at the exclusive sex club were already there, casually mingling, chatting and drinking champagne. They were all in just their underwear. I recognized most of them, but there were a few new faces.

I'm Gabby, the Hostess, and my job was to put everyone at ease and help them enjoy their evening. My job, but also my pleasure.

I walked among them, my high, pert breasts and heart-shaped ass atop perfect, long legs drawing admiring glances as I went. I needn't have bothered with the ice cubes - the looks I was getting made my nipples and clit tingle without any outside help. I noticed one man sliding lower in his armchair in the hope of getting a glimpse of my pussy under my apron - "all in good time, my friend," I thought to myself.

I greeted each member with a smile, making sure they had a drink, and handed each of them a small card I took from pockets in my apron. 

Bronze and silver level members received cards which could be redeemed respectively for thirty seconds of manual or oral pleasure from me. Gold members relieved "mystery" cards, with a small sticker covering the description of what they were entitled to. They were not to peel it until they were ready to redeem it with me. In reality, there was no mystery - I was careful to give each of them exactly what I knew they would want, and I had the cards discreetly marked so I knew who to give them to.

First time visitors who had purchased a trial membership also got a gold card, but, since I didn't know their preferences, under the sticker was simply printed "member's choice." There were three new trial members. A husband and wife, and a young man accompanying a woman in her mid twenties who was a regular bronze member. I felt for sure the two men's "choice" would be to fuck me, but I was less sure about what the woman might like. She didn't look at all happy to be there, and I mentally challenged myself to make her want a full, gold membership before the night was done.

A large grandfather clock standing against the dark, wood paneled wall struck eight. Guests began to disperse in different directions, some up the grand staircase to the bedrooms, some to the large sitting rooms, library or games rooms on the ground floor. A few took a short cut though the kitchen out to the back of the building where they knew the hot tub to be.

Soon, I was alone in the large entrance hall. I gathered up empty glasses onto my tray and headed back to the kitchen. Mentally, I once again checked off everything I had already seen to earlier in the evening - the locker rooms, showers, bedrooms and hot tub all had plenty of towels, the lube dispensers in each room were filled, there were tubs of sex toys conveniently located around the mansion, and the dozen or so drinks cabinets were all stocked. "Ready for a successful night," I thought, smiling to myself in the mirror as I once again checked my look.

After busying myself in the kitchen for about thirty minutes, I headed out on my rounds of the house, to check in on all the guests to make sure they were having a good time, help if they weren't, and see who wanted to redeem their cards with me.

I headed upstairs first, picking up a few items of discarded underwear on the way. The doors of the first two rooms were closed. Some guests wanted to fuck in private, but most left their doors open - after all, the whole point of being at a sex club was to interact with lots of other people. The third room was open. On the bed lay the young man who was a first-timer, with his member girlfriend. Astride his face, sucking his cock vigorously, was a full-figured woman of about thirty-five. He had a firm grip on her ass, and had his face buried between her cheeks. 

His girlfriend was on her knees beside them, egging the woman on.

"Suck that beautiful cock!" she was saying, "squeeze it as hard as you can, that's how he likes it!"

She looked up and grinned at me. "I think I'd like to redeem my 'Gabby Card'," she said.

"Sure thing, Anna," I replied, "right here?"

Anna replied by shuffling up to the edge of the bed and turning my back on me.

I came up behind my, pressing my breasts against Anna's back. I slid my hands around the slim brunette's chest and began fondling her firm boobs, then let one hand slide down over her belly to her neatly-trimmed pussy. I brushed my fingers over Anna's clit and down, stroking the lips, and then slipping a finger up into her pussy. Anna groaned with pleasure, and I pulled my now wet finger back out and up to her clit. I began a slow circling motion, and Anna's body shuddered with delight, small, strangled squeaks emanating from her throat.

Suddenly, I stepped back, dropping my hands away from Anna's body.

"Time's up." I said.

"Aww, come on!" complained the frustrated girl.

"Well, you know what you could do to have that all the way?" I asked, smiling.

"I know, I know," sighed Anna, "upgrade to Gold."

"Exactly," I said, "later!"

And I was gone, off to the next room.

By the time I had reached the end of the hallway, I had taught one couple a new position, given two thirty second blow-jobs (unfinished,) and licked one pussy for thirty seconds. I absolutely love giving head, so it was really difficult to stop, but I elicited three promises to upgrade to Gold status, so one day I'll get to go all the way with each of them.

After this, I headed downstairs to check on the larger rooms where the group activities usually happened.

The first room off the entrance hall had been the music room a hundred years ago, but now held a large television. In front of it, on a massive couch, sat three naked men watching a basketball game. Lying across their laps on her back was an equally naked redhead. One man was massaging her feet, one her boobs, and the guy in the middle had one hand buried between her legs, the other absent-mindedly rubbing her clit. All four looked up and greeted me as I entered.

"Hi guys," I said, "all good, any cards?"

They were all silver members, and all wanted to redeem their cards. The woman stood up, and I got to my knees in front of the first man. I rested my tits on his knees and began to rub my nipples. His cock rose quickly, so I parted his legs and leaned forward to kiss the tip. I cupped his balls, then took his hard length into my mouth and began to fellate him, up and down, circling the head with my tongue, relishing his delicious precum.

After half a minute, I pulled back, leaving him groaning and begging for more. It was tempting to finish him off, but there were two other cocks waiting for my attention. I gave them the same treatment, again convincing each man that he needed urgently to upgrade his membership.

Once I let go of the last frustrated penis, I turned to the woman.

"Want to sit and spread for me, Mary?" I asked.

"Actually," said Mary, "I was wondering if it would be ok if I licked you instead?"

"I suppose so," I considered, "it's not strictly within the rules, but I think I'd like that."

I squeezed onto the couch between two of the guys, then lay back and lifted my legs. The two men obligingly held my feet, spreading me wide. Mary sank to her knees and lifted my apron.

"My God, you have such a perfect little pussy," she said, and plunged her face into it. she ran her tongue all the way up from my asshole to my clit, then pushed it as far into my pussy as she could, hungrily lapping up the juices. It felt so good that I let her have almost a full minute before pushing her head away and saying "that's your lot - you should finish these guys off!"

I headed on to the next room, my clit on fire, leaving Mary on her knees with her mouth and hands full of cock.

*

The next room was the billiard room. A young blonde woman was lying on the table, her legs spread wide. Two men seemed to be playing pool in the remaining area of the table.

"Hi Lisa," I said, trailing my fingers softly across the woman's breasts, "what's happening?"

"Hi Babe," replied the woman, "Mark and Ian here just finished playing for my pussy. Mark won. Hey Mark!" Here she lifted her head to look at him. "Ready to fuck me?"

I knew they were both bronze members, so I said "want you use your cards and I'll get you ready?"

"That's a great idea," said Mark, and climbed up on the table and got between Lisa's legs.

I took his cock in one hand and began to stroke it, and with the other I started fingering Lisa. Within the thirty seconds, Mark was rock hard, and Lisa's pussy was wet and ready for entry. I pulled Mark forward and placed the tip of his cock between Lisa's lips.

"Off you go!" I said, and Mark plunged in.

"Ian, want to use your card?" I asked the other man.

"You bet," he replied, and peeled the sticker off his gold card to reveal 'Watch the hostess pee' written underneath. I could tell from the look on his face that I'd hit my target by writing that card for him - he looked delighted. At the last gathering I'd overheard him asking a couple of other women if he could watch them, but he'd been turned down, so I decided to make his dream come true this month. I'd been holding it in all evening.

"Let's go," I said, taking him by the hand.

I led him down the hallway to a bathroom, and closed the door.

I pointed to the toilet and told him to kneel in front of it. Then I sat down, spread my legs wide and lifted my little apron so he had a perfect view of my shaved pussy. I closed my eyes and tried to relax - I didn't find it easy to pee with a naked man, stroking his cock, staring intently at my cunt, but eventually I felt it begin to flow. The warm, golden liquid gushed out of me, splashing loudly into the water. I heard Ian groan with delight and pant as he jacked himself off. My stream seemed to go on forever, but finally slowed to a trickle, I forced out a few last drops, and it stopped. He was still going, so I decided to give him an extra treat. I slid forward on the seat and leaned back.

"Clean me up with your tongue," I ordered.

Ian didn't need to be told twice, and was quickly sucking the last golden drops off my labia. His hungry tongue lapping up and down my pussy felt incredible.

"Lick my cunt, drink my hot piss!" I moaned, and he licked up and down, pushing his tongue in and out of me. I strained and managed to push a couple more drops into his mouth, and that was all he could take - with a loud grunt he came, spraying his semen on the porcelain and the tile floor.

I wiped myself with some toilet paper and stood up.

"Oh God, thank you, Gabby," he said, looking up at me in adoration, "that was what I've always dreamed of!"

I smiled and left him to clean up. It felt amazing to give someone so much happiness with such a simple act.

I did another round of the house, picking up empty glasses, more discarded underwear and a sticky dildo. It was nice to have my bladder empty too...

I headed over to the south side of the building. In a grandly furnished sitting room, I found a loudly cheering group of men and women standing in a circle. The crowd parted to make room for me, and I saw that in the middle were two women, on their backs on the floor, one woman's feet pressing against those of the other. A tight piece of string joined their pussies. The blonde woman had a clamp on one nipple, and the brunette had one on each nipple. As they pushed themselves apart, a single, large bead began to emerge on the string from the brunette's vagina. There was more cheering from the audience, and encouragements to clench harder. Another bead emerged, and then the final one dropped out and the string went slack. The crowd applauded the winner, and a woman handed her another nipple clamp. Since the loser already had one on each nipple, the blonde woman got to attach this one to her pussy lips. She grimaced with the pain, but took her punishment bravely.

"What are the stakes?" I asked of the man next to me.

"Loser gets a clamp on her, then when she has all four, she has to eat the winner's pussy."

"Sounds like fun," I said.

The brunette looked up. "Hi Gabby, want to take my place and be my champion?"

"Sure," I replied, "I do my kegels!"

With the other contestant's consent, I took my place on the floor. I untied my apron and tossed it aside. Someone handed me my end of the string with three beads on, and I spread my legs and carefully pushed them into my pussy. The blonde and I then lay on our backs, and the referee took our feet and placed them against each other. "Go!" she yelled.

I pressed my feet against the other woman's, pushing my body away from her. I immediately felt the tug of the string on my pussy, the first bead straining to escape. I clenched my cunt as tight as I could. There were shouts of encouragement, and cheers as the blonde woman's pussy gave up each bead. Finally, I felt the string go limp and sat up, a triumphant grin on my face. 

The referee handed me a nipple clamp. I shuffled up to my opponent, who offered her un-clamped breast. I squeezed it, then took the nipple between my thumb and forefinger, rolling and pinching it until it was hard. Then I carefully placed the clamp over it. 

I also won the next round, and got to apply a clamp to one of the blonde woman's labia.

Then the tables turned. Fingering the blonde woman's pussy like that had got me turned on, and my increasingly wet snatch wasn't able to grip the balls so well. I lost the next round quickly, and had to submit to having my nipple clamped. It hurt, but in such a delicious way that I quickly lost the next round too, and then the next, which meant that I had to let the other woman apply a clamp to one of my pussy lips. She took her time about it, teasing my pussy with her fingers while she found the best spot to apply the clamp, I had to work really hard not to orgasm at the sensation.

However, getting to fondle my perfect titties and cunt and place the clamps had also had an effect on the blonde's pussy, so they were both at a disadvantage, and it was now the final round.

We each inserted our beads and lay back. For some reason, the woman who had appointed herself referee decided to finger each of us 'to check bead position', then she gave the start command.

I pushed back, desperately squeezing my pussy shut, but the first bead almost immediately popped out. I quickly felt the same thing happen at the other end of the string and took heart that my opponent's cunt was just as sopping wet as my own. Both of us were down to two beads, then quickly one.

The audience were beside themselves, cheering and encouraging the contestants. One woman had the hard cocks of the men on each side of her in her hands and was jerking them furiously as she cheered.

This had to be the final push - we were neck and neck at the final turn!

I went for it - I clenched my cunt as tight as I could, and gave an almighty push with my feet. I felt the string go slack as the final bead slopped out of the blonde, and I leaped to my feet, punching my fists in the air. I had won!

The blonde woman and I hugged tightly, then she reached down and grabbed the string and pulled the final bead out of me. She put it to her mouth and lasciviously licked it.

"Yum, a taste of things to come," she said. She gestured to the couch. "Well, you want to lay back there and spread to receive your prize?"

"No, no," I said, "I was acting as her champion." I indicated the brunette woman. "She's the one who gets to have you lick her."

The brunette smiled and mouthed "thank you", and laid back on the couch. The blonde took her place between her legs, and the rest of the members gathered to watch.

I took the clamps off my sore nipples and labia and carefully tied my apron back in place, grabbing a wet wipe on the way out of the room. Once outside, with no-one in sight, I wiped between my legs and continued my hostess duties.

*

I had barely taken ten steps down the hallway, my sexy heels clicking on the polished wooden floor, when a man's head poked around a door.

"Hi Gabby," he said, "I though it was you. If you're free, I'd love to redeem my card."

"Sure, Gary," I smiled, "let's see what it says."

I already knew of course, since he was a gold member.

I stepped inside the room, a small office with a large mahogany desk. In the leather chair behind the desk sat a small, plump woman, whom I recognized as Gary's wife.

"Hi Amy," I said.

"Hi Gabby," replied the woman, "can't wait to see what Gary gets from you - I've been wanting to watch you make him come for weeks."

Gary peeled the sticker off his gold card. 'Blow job finishing on hostess' breasts'.

He grinned at me. "Fuckin' ay!" he exclaimed.

I laughed. I pressed my firm body against his and kissed him full on the mouth. His cock immediately began to stiffen, and I slid my hands down his chest as I knelt before him. I looked up at him and licked my lips, just an inch from the tip of his cock, then stuck out my tongue and flicked it across the head. I ran my hands up his thighs and took his scrotum in one hand. I rolled the balls around between my fingers, gently probing between and around them, and scraped my nails across his taint.

He groaned in pleasure. I closed my other hand around the base of his cock and squeezed and pulled the skin firmly towards his body and he gasped. His wife came in for a close look at my expert technique.

I closed my fingers above Gary's balls and pulled gently downward and at the same time pressed my thumb into the underside of the shaft and rolled it forward, milking it. A large drop of precum formed at the tip. I stuck out my tongue and pressed up under the head, tasting his delicious juice, then closed my full lips around it. He moaned as a wave of bliss washed over him. I sucked hard and pulled him in all the way to the back of my throat, then back out until just my lips were around the head, massaging it. I twisted my head from side to side, pressing my tongue all over his cock, probing the hole, flicking the string.

I stroked up and down with my hand and lips, sucking and licking. My other hand squeezed and tugged on his balls, and my fingers pressed firmly up on his taint. His knees were beginning to quiver. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see that Amy had her hands between her legs, fingering herself and rubbing her clit, making soft moaning noises.

I sped up my sucking and stroking. I loved the feeling of power as I felt the tension building in his balls. He began spasming. I pressed my thumb firmly under the base of his cock to momentarily hold him back, then pulled him out of my mouth and pointed him at my boobs. I released the pressure, and his cum splashed copiously over my chest, in stringy, sticky ropes. I kept stroking until it seemed like every last drop was out, and then took him back in my mouth and sucked out some more, not releasing him until he begged me to stop.

My tits were covered in cum, it ran down my smooth slopes and dripped off the nipples.

Amy said breathlessly, "I don't care what my gold card says, please just let me lick that off you!"
