 He stood at reception, bored. The hostel was busy. All of the private rooms were full, and most of the shared dorms too. It was to be expected this time of year. 'Mid-summer fest' it was called, the music and party atmosphere attracting people from all over the world. Hostels were the accommodation of choice, cheap, easy, and discreet. But the party had started, and he was working. 

The 'fest' was an all day event. People would struggle back to the hostel for sleep, shower, and a change of clothes, before heading back out for more. He had been given glimpses of what it was like. Passing comments of excellence from punters, who didn't want to be caught chatting, when there was still so much to do. He yearned to be out there, free, and doing whatever the mood took. But he was stuck here, reality was a hard mistress. 

The party really came to life around nine pm. It's when all the pubs, clubs and the main stage were in full swing, with the party goers in different stages of drunkenness, from jolly to polluted. 

He was finished at 2am, checking the clock for the seventh time in the last ten minutes, he once again seen it was another two and a half hours till he finished, and he was bored. 

He had tried everything. He called his friends on the work phone, but they were too busy partying. He had aimlessly surfed the internet, checked his e-mail and social pages, been on chat rooms, and surfed for some porn. But this had only served to remind him, how longs it had been since he'd 'gotten some', and the subsequent hard on, he had endured for the best part of an hour.

In his endless boredom he had even cleaned up the main reception area. Squaring the stack of magazines, which stood on the pitted, wood coffee table, in front of the main blue sofa. Sweeping sweet wrappers, and crumbs, from the floors, and even cleaned the windows of the glass outside door. Things he would never have done, had he not needed to be somewhere else so bad.

He had the top half of the doors clean, when he became frustrated with the task, threw the cleaning products into the cupboard, and sat down behind the chest high reception desk, in the large, black leather, swivel chair. He put his head back, folded his arms, with an audible sigh,

'Fuck it!' and closed his eyes. 

He was awoken by the gentle ringing of the hostel door, as it opened and closed. He suddenly became very interested in the computer screen in front of him, quickly accessing his e-mail account. He waited for the head to pop over the counter, complaining, as he wiped sleep from his eyes. 

Perhaps it was just the wind; he lifted himself out of the seat, to look over the counter, and froze. The sound he heard surprised and aroused him in one horrible moment. It had been a girl's gentle, giggling laugh. 

It was not uncommon for patrons to stumble home with a date, fall on the first thing that looked comfortable, i.e. the reception sofa, and start getting busy. But it had never happened when he was there.

Straining, he heard the sound of whispering, and more giggling. Damn it! Everyone was having more fun than he was. He was fucked if he was going to leave them to it; he had done enough cleaning tonight.

Lifting his head above the counter, he was about to shout a warning, when the words died in his throat. It was only two women.

One had black hair, sitting on the sofa, with her back to him. The other looked to be in her late thirties. She had dark auburn hair, blue eyes, and a great smile. They seemed engrossed, whispering to each other. The black haired girl, had her blue jeaned legs crossed, idly, stroking the other girls hand, which was gently caressing her knee, lower thigh, region.

He couldn't hear what was said, but the auburn woman seemed to nod and smile, then the black hair girl, leaned gently in. 

Deans, heart began to pound in his chest, blood rushing to his head; he seemed to become tunnel visioned. He though he was going to pass out, his breath coming in short gasps.

Just before their hair obscured all that was going to happen, at the last moment, auburn's eyes darted in his direction, widened, and she jumped up.

'Oh, hello. We didn't see you there, are you not out tonight?'

'Hi 'he squeaked, cleared his throat and tried again.

'Hi', was all he managed, until he realised he'd said that, and was staring.

'No, drew the short straw tonight, I guess ', He was red faced, and flustered, but he managed a smile to hide his embarrassment. 

'Well, I'm Jen, this is Tia. We thought everyone was out'

'I'm Dean, nice to meet you both'

Jen raised her hand in greeting. Tia, still seated, turned slightly, smiled and also gave a small wave, it allowed him his first really look at the pair.

They both seemed about average height, Jen seeming the taller. She had a good build, and shapely, but a far cry from what you might call 'fat'. Her hair hung straightened to her shoulders, the white t-shirt, seemed to show her breasts to good advantage. They weren't large, like the ones he had seen on the internet, but certainly big. He noticed she wore blue jeans, that clung to the curve of her hips, thighs, and what a great ass. 

Tia, still sitting, was the younger of the two, possibly in her mid-twenties. She had short black hair, and sallow skin to match. Her eyes, dark and mysterious, and her smile, made you feel she knew all your secrets. Compared to Jen, she had a smaller build, but gave the impression she had a gym membership. Lovely, long, shapely legs, and great tits. 

'What?' Dean was dragged back to reality. He had been asked a question, and he was staring like a dolt.

'I said when are you finished for the night?' As Jen spoke, Tia rose from the sofa and stepped quickly up to Jen. They spoke in hushed, sharp whispers, looking intently at each other during the conversation. Dean instantly felt like he was intruding on something, not feeling confident enough to disturb them with his answer.

Whatever was said, Tia was definitely in control, and when Jen nodded in understanding, Tia smiled at Dean, and moved down the hall towards the residence area, leaving Jen and Dean alone.

'Eh, I'm finished about two. Are you two having a good night?'

'Yea we love it here, been a few times actually' 

Dean was excited that Jen seemed to take an interest in him, although she was a bit older, she was hot.

'So are you going out afterwards, meeting your girlfriend' Jen asked, stepping a bit closer, resting her elbows on the counter, and smiling that winning smile. He could see she had been drinking, but was a long way from drunk.

'Yea, I mean no, I mean....' Her attention was making him flustered. Why was this happening, he thought he was good with women?

She laughed at his insecurity, a rich full sound, that couldn't help but relax, and make him smile.

'What I mean to say is, I'm going out, but I don't have a girl friend'

Jens eyes widened slightly, and she bit her full, bottom lip. Like a hungry man, who suddenly found himself faced with a feast.

'Ah that's too bad' reaching over the counter, she grabbed a biro, and a yellow sticky note, and scribbled something down. Dean tried to see what it was by looking sideways, but Jen was left-handed, so covering everything.

'Ok Dean, it was great to meet you' she said again smiling. Jen reached across and pushed the sticky note on to his chest below his shoulder. 

'What's this?' asked Dean, now confused, but he didn't want to take the note off. She seemed happy it was there, and he didn't want to change that.

'Oh it's something to do in case you're bored' She was looking into his eyes now and grinning at him. Hands folded beneath the wonderful breasts, he longed to touch.

'At two, when you finish, if you don't fancy going out, ring that number. It's my mobile. Only ring it once, and I will text you back our room number. You can pop round if you want, but don't leave it too late, eh?' With that she followed Tia, leaving Dean shell-shocked, at what had just happened.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

For the next two hours, Dean replayed everything, over and over, in his head. Did he miss anything, was he wrong. Did he pick up the wrong signals, and worst of all, what if it was a set up? His body cried yes, but his mind, couldn't seem to comprehend.

Before he knew it, a bleary eyed Jason was standing in front of him, it was two o clock, time-up. It was clear Jason had been out partying, he was still half cut. But then even a half cut person could run this place.

They exchanged pleasantries before places, and Dean headed to the bar next door to mull over his decision. It didn't take long. 

Dean knocked; Jen opened the door and smiled at him. The room's private interior was dim, with some soft rock music playing low in the back ground. Patience, by Guns 'N Roses, a favourite of his, fitting it seemed to cry.

'Great to see you again Dean, come in and make yourself comfortable'

'Thank', Dean walked slowly, and unsurely, into the room. The room had two beds, a single and a double, a bedside locker stood in between.

As Dean entered he saw Tia lying on the other bed, arm folded behind her head on the pillow, long-necked beer in the other. She nodded to Dean, and then indicated to a small fridge by the closet. Dean helped himself and sat on the edge of the single bed facing Tia, and tried not to stare.

Tia was topless, and he had been right, she had great tits. Her nipples dark, and hard, one glistened in the candlelight, still wet. He had disturbed something; the thought sent a rush of blood to his cock, and cheeks.

His breath quickened, each breath tingling with excitement, as Jen returned and lay down beside Tia, side facing Dean. With a quick smile at him, she lowered he face to Tia. Their lips touched, gently at first, Tia turning her face toward Jen. This quickly turned to passion, heavy breathing, and gentle mewing.

Dean was so hard; he gulped at his bottle, hardly believing what he was seeing. His cock stiffened in his jeans, uncomfortably so. He needed to move, but didn't dare distract the ladies, for fear of them stopping.

Jen tipped her hair to one side of her face, Dean could see everything. Her hands roved Tia's tight body, grabbing her great tits and gently working the nipple between her fingers, before running her nails down her belly. Tia moaned, as Jen tucked her fingers under her waist band, pulling back in passion, lifting Tia's hips off the bed.

Then Tia pulled back, looked deep into Jen's eyes, then whispered something that made Jen look at Dean, with hunger in her eyes.

Dean felt the tunnel vision happening again as Jen moved towards him. Tia once more propped herself up on the pillow, awaiting the show. But she was soon forgotten.

As Jen reached him, she knelt, and reached to unbutton his jeans

'Jen I'm not sur ....' he started, but Jen smiled and shushed him. Although she was older then he, she made him feel almost safe, and looked after.

As she opened his button's she pulled him to his feet, and worked his jeans and boxers, down to his ankles. Looking up she let out a sigh of excitement. 

Dean was by no means huge, a long shot from porn-star standards. But he reckoned he was above average, in length, and was proud of this girth. 

Jen smiled as she moved her hands up each leg, and bit her bottom lip as she curled her right hand around his shaft, using the other to gently cup his balls. He groaned deeply with how good it felt. Her sure and gentle touch, the feeling alone produced a drop of pre-cum. God he needed this.

Gently she moved her hand back, rolling the skin, to reveal his swollen head, which pumped in appreciation, and offered her a small gift. Jen smiled as she engulfed the head of his cock, her tongue working its underside.

Inside her mouth felt so good, warm, moist, and soft. His body wanted to grind, as she drew back, and twisted her hand firmly to the bottom of his shaft. His cock now fully erect, needed her full attention, and she knew it as she looked up at him and smiled.

Once again she took him in her mouth, and began to work his shaft, expertly in her hand at the same time. Her movement sure, and rhythmic. She moaned around his cock, the vibrations adding to his pleasure. Her free hand roamed his legs, rubbing and squeezing his butt cheek, it felt so good. It felt too good, with a small sense of panic, he realised he was about to cum.

It was too late, he was too far gone, and her movements too good to resist. He felt it building from deep inside him, as every part of him seemed to tense up in anticipation, he came.

With one last smooth movement, she worked her hand to the bottom of his shaft, but this time her mouth followed, and her free hand pushed him deep inside her as he came. In shock he tried to resist, but she used both hands to pull him back in, she wanted this.

He collapsed back onto the bed, as his climax subsided. He felt drained, but so, so good. Jen, knelt there, swallowed, then rose and moved over to Tia, who lay on the bed, practically panting, one hand buried beneath her panties, cheeks flushed. Jen straddled her, tossed her hair to one side, to give Dean a better look. 

Tia smiled and tilted her head back, opening her mouth wide for Jen. Looking over Dean saw these two beautiful women with heads not far apart, and he knew what was going to happen next. His cock started to twitch again.

Jen pursed her lips and allowed the cum she had left, to fall into Tia's waiting mouth. It fell right on her tongue, and Tia's eyes widened in surprise. Tia smiled as she rolled it, like a fine wine, around her mouth for a better taste, and smiled. Then Jen lowered her face, and kissed Tia passionately. As they kissed he could see them pass his cum back and forth between them, until Tia sat up, pushing Jen back onto the edge of the bed, her legs handing over the side of the bed facing Dean.

Jen, now breathing heavily, quickly removed her jeans, she was wearing black panties, but Dean didn't get a chance to admire them as they were quickly discarded on the floor, groaning she spread her beautiful legs in front of the kneeling topples Tia. Jens pussy looked amazing; she had a beautifully trimmed landing strip that led to the most welcoming pussy he had ever seen. Dean could feel his dick hardening again as Tia, pushed her tongue, and what was left of Deans cum, deep inside Jens pussy. Jen gasped with pleasure and rocked her head back, fingers clenching into the bed covers as she searched for the release. Tia wasted no time in working two fingers inside her as she suck and licked her clit with expert relish. She wanted to capture every drop, she tasted so good.

She loved Jen, but most of all she loved her sweet pussy, everything about it, she thought about it all the time, and liked nothing more then what she was doing now. Call her selfish, but she wanted Jen all to herself. But she knew Jen had fantasies, and to keep her, she wanted to fulfil some of those, that's where Dean came in. A quick look over and she seen he was ready. Jen had removed her top, her beautiful breasts bouncing with every shudder as Tia worked clit and fingers in unison. Jen was close to cumming, Tia knew her every move, from her pussy beginning to clench her fingers, to her eyes beginning to glass, even down to her breathing and the tightening of her nipples. Tia had to work fast.

She withdrew her fingers with a beautiful squelching sound, Jen moaning with the movement. Tia moved sideways, took a firm grasp of Dean by the shaft, without giving him time to protest pulled him over and into place between Jens needing thighs.

Tia rubbed Jens slit a few times with Deans solid shaft, then moved him into position. Jen was dripping wet; this was not going to be a problem. Tia seen Jens eyes starting to come back into focus, smiled, and thrust Deans shaft deep inside Jen, all the way. God it sounded so good. Jen cried out in surprise and pleasure, Tia moved. She stood on the bed in front of Jen, and pushed her head into her own wanting pussy. Tia moaned with pleasure as Jen responded immediately, licking and sucking on her own clit, this was another thing Tia loved about Jen, and she was great at giving head. Tia reached back and began to finger her own pussy, it was awkward, but felt so good, and she knew how it might look to Dean panting away behind her.

Dean couldn't believe his day. God this pussy felt so good, so wet, so tight, and so hot. Jen was moaning, but it was muffled by Tia's pussy. She was standing right in front of him and he could see everything she was doing to Tia, it looked so fucking hot. Moving his head forward, he ran his tongue up her left cheek, then her right. Tia responded by cocking her ass a little more backwards, opening up her cheeks ever so slightly for him. As he trust into Jens aching pussy, he ran his tongue again over her cheeks, making his way to his goal.

Tia responded again and he was finally able to lick the sweet centre. Jen suck her clit and Dean licking her ass, felt amazing, and Tia began to feel her own orgasm begin to build, and boy did she need it.. Dean pounding away, and Jen moaning was just what Tia wanted, she knew Jen was going to cum, pulling her own nipples, she knew she was very close, and she could hear Deans breathing quicken. Moving forward she laid Jen down flat, and then straddled just above her face, getting Jen to work her ass, while she watched Dean, and frantically rubbed her solid clit, she was going to cum.

Looking Dean in the eye, Tia said

'I want you to cum deep inside her, and then watch me eat it out', and she licked her lips for effect, and smiled

Deans eyes widened, his dick stiffened even more as he trust now at a frantic pace, Jen was panting uncontrollably, and Tia worked her cunny right to the brink. 

Jen came first, a screaming long, hard orgasm, her body shaking hard. Dean followed suit, fucking a hot pussy and watching another in front of him was too much, and did as he was asked, cumming inside Jen. Tia followed suit, another shuddering orgasm. They all lay back sweating, heaving, moaning, and happy, but Tia wasn't finished yet.