 We were driving around in a new jeep my friend had just bought - a fine Black Cherokee with tinted windows and chrome rims. We were cruising the strip where all the clubs were, showing it off, when we noticed this hottie walking down the street. She was wearing a tight short skirt and had long dirty blonde curly hair, real wild looking video girl hair! We slowly drove past her and couldn’t believe our eyes. She was gorgeous and had a chest like a porno star, and she was wearing a skimpy camisole top and NO BRA! We rolled down the windows and my friend in the front seat leans his head out 

"What’s a gorgeous lady doin' walking all by herself?” he asked her 

“My boyfriend kicked me out of the car."

“Well, do ya want a ride?” he asked.

She said sure and hopped in to the vehicle. 

“Nice jeep!” she said as she entered.

We jokingly asked her if she noticed the sticker on the back that read 'no gas, no grass, no ass, no free ride'. She told us that she did and while she didn’t have any gas, she did have a joint.

“Do you guys want to help me smoke it? And as far as the ass I don't think I can handle three guys," she said. 

We wickedly smiled at one another.

“So why the hell did your dumbass boyfriend kick you out of the car?” I asked as we passed the joint around. 

"He wanted me to give him head and I wouldn't". 

“Well, what's the big deal about that?” I asked. ”Because I give great head and every time I do he drives like a maniac!" 

By this time were stoned and horny as hell, thinking about what she had said. We assumed she was a dancer by the way she was dressed and her unabashed way of talking. My friend that was driving told her he could drive perfectly if she were to give him a blowjob, and he would never kick her out. By this time the jeep was full of smoke and we were all pretty high and giggly. 

“Oh, ya think so, huh?” she tells him. “Well since you’re so nice to pick me up and so cute I guess we should just find out huh?” 

We’re freaking out now! And Joe decided to get cocky. 

“You can't handle all this cock babe!” he told her. Joe then pulled into a parking lot and whipped out his cock. The fucker was as big as a can of hair spray! She climbed into the front seat and gave me a shot of her flawless ass. Scott climbed in the back with me. 

“Damn, aren’t you a big boy,” she said and grabbed it with both hands, then started slurping like a baby on a lollipop. By this time Scott and I were in the back about to cum in our pants. 

“I thought ya couldn't handle three guys?” I asked her. 

She took her mouth off his dick for an instant and said, "Then again I’ve never tried". Joe was moaning and talking dirty to her, telling her to eat his big cock.

Scott said, "Boys, I think this lady wants a proper fucking". 

"Mmmmmm" she moans. 

I reached around and pulled her seat down. She moved her hips so I could pull her skirt up, She was wearing this mesh G-string. I pulled it to the side and discovered that she was totally shaved except for a heart shaped patch of hair. I could tell she liked to be eaten and I slid two fingers inside her beautiful pussy. She was totally wet and snug as hell. I leaned over and started finger-fucking her as I sucked on her clit and licked her pussy. Scott had already started jacking off and I was hard as granite watching her suck Joe for all it's worth. She was talking dirty as hell to Joe, telling him how she loved his big cock in her mouth. She had one hand around his dick, jacking him fast as sucked the head. Her other hand was pulling my hair, pushing my head into her pussy. She then took what looked like a nine or ten inch cock halfway down as she tried to swallow him, but couldn’t. 

"Yeah, swallow that cock, you nasty little slut" Joe told her. 

“Uh huh, uh huh,” she moaned and took all but about an inch down her throat. Joe grabbed her head and moaned in disbelief. She was sucking him almost all the way down and then started sucking on his balls while stroking his cock with her little hand. She then ran her tongue up and down the shaft, telling him she couldn’t wait to have his big dick inside her. All the while she was moaning and gyrating her hips as I worked on her sweet pussy. I reached up and pulled on her nipples as Joe layed his seat back. Finally, she moved on top of him and straddled him. She guided his cock into her cunt and squealed as he squeezed his monster into her tight little pussy. 

“Oh yeah, oh yeah,” Joe moaned as she slid down his cock. 

"Oh my God you’re so fucking big. Fuck me good baby," she sighed. 

Scott finally got in the action as she reached for both of our cocks and took turns blowing us both. Joe was grabbing her ass and bouncing her up and down his dick, and she was screaming when she didn’t have one of our cocks in her mouth. Then Joe started grabbing her ass and she cried out, "Oh yeah, I'm cumming. Oh yeah, fuck. Ah, fuck me Joey, ahh, yeahhhh". 

She pulled on our cocks, jerking us off wildly. Scott decided to lay the back seat down to give us more room. She cried out, cumming hard. Joe moaned out that he was about to cum. 

"Oh baby, I want it in my mouth" she told him. 

She climbed off him and shoved his cock between her lips, jacking him off, begging for the hot treat to fill her mouth. Joe started cumming.

She moaned, "uh huh, mmmm". Joe blew what looked like a quart, because some of it dripped down her bottom lip as she continued to pull and lick the shaft.

“I'm gonna give you guys the best ASS you’ve ever had. FUCK MY BOYFRIEND" she said sarcastically. 

"She ain't lying guys" Joe said, throwing his head back like he's worn out. 

"Mmmm, you got a nice fat one too" she told me. 

She crawled in the back with Scott and me. She started to give Scott the blowjob of his life as I teased her pussy with the head of my cock. She was wet as hell and I decided to see if she liked her ass fucked. I continued to rub my cock along her pussy getting it nice and wet as I grabbed her thighs to raise her ass up. She wrapped her legs around my waist as I started to push the head of my cock into her tight asshole. 

“Oh yeahhhhh”, she squealed. 

I slid in slowly, watching her wrap her hands around Scott's ass, taking as much of his cock in her mouth as she could. I had half my cock in her ass and could feel her cum dripping on my shaft. 

"Oh yeah, you stud, fuck my ass good baby" she sighed. 

Scott and I looked at each other as if to say “is this really happening!” I started to slide my cock in and out of her ass faster, rocking my hips. Scott squeezed and pulled on her nipples. 

I was so turned on watching her suck him and watching him play with what looks like 38dd’s. I felt my nuts getting swollen as I got close to cumming. I rubbed her clit like a maniac and she pushed her hips to meet my thrusts, moaning all the while. Joe stroked his cock back to life and told us to fuck her good. I told her that I was about to cum as I pulled my cock out of her tight ass. She grabbed my dick and jacked me off as I sprayed all over her chest and face. 

"Oh yeah baby, what a great money shot!” she giggled. "Your turn baby” she told Scott as she started sucking him again and squeezing his balls. Scott tensed up and cradled her face in his hands, cumming in her mouth as she milked him dry. 

"Mmmm, that was yummy" she told him, rubbing his cock on her face.

By this time we've realized that we have a total nympho on our hands and she confirmed our opinion. 

“Guys, have ya'll ever done a dp? I've never done one and I want ya'll to be my first.” 

Joe and I looked at one another. 

He said, ”Well what the lady wants, the lady gets!"

We decided Scott should fuck her ass since he hasn't fucked her and since Joe's hung like a mule, he would get her pussy. 

Joe laid down in the back as she sucked him to get him totally hard again. She then climbed on top of him and slid right down on his big dick like it was made for her. She started rocking up and down his cock while he played with her big tits. Scott positioned his dick, grabbing her hips to slow her bouncing ass. She started to cry out reaching behind her to pull Scott closer as he squeezed his cock into her tight little ass. Her body tensed as she got used to the feeling of two cocks inside her. She then started to pull on my cock as they begin fucking her. The guys were literally fucking this girl half to death and she was screaming loud enough to wake the dead as they pounded into her. The entire Jeep smelt of sex and we were all heady, moaning as this little vixen drove us wild. She frantically kissed Joe, sucking on his tongue. Scott held onto her hips as she slid on Joe's cock, and thrusted his own cock in her ass. She started to cry out she was cumming and squeezed Joe's chest, digging her nails into him. This proved too much for Scott as he pulled out, shooting his cum all over her back. 

She took my cock in her mouth once more, pulling my ass to get as much of me in her mouth. All the while she still bounced on Joe’s cock. Joe slammed into her like a maniac, grabbing her hips and raising her up to the end of his big shaft and then forcing her back down. She bounced her ass up and down his thick cock, riding him for all it was worth. Watching them fuck like mad made me start to cum again. She pulled my ass into her until my cock was all the way in her mouth. I started to cum so good I had to lie down. She was still sucking all the cum out of my cock as Joe told her he was about to cum in her sweet pussy. 

"Yeah, baby, cum in my pussy, I wanna feel you cum in my pussy" she told him. 

Joe grabbed her hips and pushed his entire cock inside her. 

"Uhh, uhh" he grunted, filling her with his load. 

She kissed him deeply thanking him for the gift. She continued to rock up and down, milking every drop out of his shaft. She then cried out that she was going to cum again. 

"Ohhh, yeahhhhh!" she sighed. 

"Damnnnn! I won't be able to walk for a week after that,” she told us.

“So, about this boyfriend of yours?” Joe questioned her. 

"Baby, YOU ARE A DEFINITE possible replacement". 

We drove her to her apartment and saw a guy waiting by a car. 

"There's the asshole now" she said. 

She took a pen out of her bag and wrote her number down. 

"Call me," she told Joe, handing him the number. 

We let her out as she and her boyfriend started screaming at each other. We looked at each other with goofy grins when Scott asked, "Did y’all get her name?"