 Glancing at the clock at the clock hanging in the kitchen and seeing that it was almost seven I wondered why I was up so early on my day off. I finished cleaning up from breakfast and was finally able to sit down and relax for a little while. I had just moved into my new condo during summer break and had a few weeks before starting my new job. Eventually, I want to open my own business, but for now, this one will pay the bills. 

I didn't have to worry about anything until later in the afternoon, when my grandfather, Ben, would be arriving to stay for a couple of nights. His house had been damaged during the last heavy rains, so grandfather and grandmother used the opportunity to go visit and stay with some old friends who live a few hours away. But being the type of guy he was he felt he needed to come back early to 'supervise' the repairs to his house. 

Probably the real reason is that he really didn't want to miss his monthly poker night with his buddies which for some reason I had volunteered my place to host it in. I suppose I wanted to break it in and show it off since it was my first real place and not just another apartment. To be honest, grandfather told me he would cancel the game or meet at one of the other guys' homes, but I insisted that it was alright to hold it here because I really wanted to play hostess in my own place. I probably should have listened to him because I had wanted to paint the walls before having company, but with money being a little tight now I had to settle for the plain white ones. 

Taking a break from getting the house ready for the visitors, I sat down on the couch, wondering if I needed to go to the store for any more supplies. Instead, I decided to put in my exercise DVD and get a quick workout in. I had just turned twenty-two and had been out of college for nearly six months. I finally was able to find a good job near where I wanted to live and couldn't wait until next week when I would start working. 

I had hoped to be married, to a great guy by this point, but I didn't want to rush into anything without thinking. Of course thinking about some hot man and seeing some of the studs on the video, caused me to feel the familiar hunger between my legs. I stopped the workout and stretch out on the couch. My hand then wandered between my legs as I gently massaged myself. 

With grandfather arriving in a few hours, I knew this would likely be my only opportunity to "relieve" myself. I removed my shorts then began massaging my closely trimmed pubic area, my heart began to beat a little faster. Spreading my legs I inserted my fingers into already wet pussy. Rubbing my clit, I began to feel the tingling spread over my body. Probing myself further I felt an orgasm begin to build. Rubbing faster and thrusting my hips I was lost in deep concentration to what I was doing. Just as I was about to cum, the sudden ring of the phone almost caused me to fall off the couch. The mood broken, I sullenly walked over to the phone and picked it up. "Hello?" I breathlessly asked. 

"Are you okay sweetie, did I interrupt something?" came grandfather's rich baritone. 

"No, I was just cleaning up the house in preparation for your card game this tomorrow." 

"Oh, honey, don't put yourself out, besides, we probably won't even play that long." 

"I want to, besides it will give me a chance to wear one of my fancy big girl dresses," I jokingly said. 

"Really?" he replied, "But it's just an afternoon game, I don't know if ..." 

"I promise," I interrupted, "I won't go overboard, besides, I have several cocktail dresses that I really don't get to wear too often. So, are ya about ready to head out?" 

"Well ... unfortunately, the car is acting up, so I'll have to run it into the shop first so I'm not sure what time I'll get there." 

"Oh, ok, have any when you might?" 

"If it is too late, I'll just leave early tomorrow, if that's alright with you?" 

"That'll be fine, just let me know when you can." 

"Sure thing sweetie." 

After a little more chatting, we said goodbye and hung up. Trying to go back to what I was doing, I found that the distraction had quashed the mood. So, I decided to take a cool shower and finish getting the house ready. 

After the shower I looked at myself in the mirror, while hoping that grandfather wouldn't have to come here too late or wait until tomorrow. 

After drying my hair I then proceeded to look through my closet, and find a nice outfit for tomorrow. I did like the idea of being able to dress up nice and not have to worry about going out somewhere. I wasn't a supermodel or anything, but I was aware of men often looking me over, even when I'm on a date with someone, which has been all to rare of late. 

I had been told that it was my smile and greenish eyes, red hair, mixed with a bubbly personality that attracted the attention. I didn't understand because I do not fit the thin, large breasted image of the 'perfect woman' that was held up to be what every man wanted. I have an hourglass shape with perky but cleavage-less breasts. Looking in my closet, I found a nice black dress that while sexy, was not too flashy. I then pulled out some nice fishnet stockings and medium heeled shoes and placed them on cedar chest at the foot of the bed. 

Later that evening, grandfather called again, telling me that unfortunately his car would not be ready and he probably wouldn't be able to leave until late tomorrow afternoon at the earliest and that he would call his friends and cancel the game. 

"Well, I did buy some food and stuff and would hate to see it go to waste. If they want to they can still have the game here," I said 

"I'll check with them and see if they want to. I do appreciate you being so willing to do this." 

About an hour later, grandfather called back. "They said as long as you don't mind they would love to have the game at your place, besides, none of them have seen it since you moved in and got it fixed up." 

"Good," I said, "I'll make sure they have a good time." 

"Thanks again, sweetie." 

The following morning his friends typically would begin arriving wherever the game was to be held one o'clock or so. It was now almost past noon so I decided to get dressed. After fixing my hair, I started to take off my bright red yoga shorts when the doorbell rang. Pulling my shorts back up I raced down to the front door. 

Reaching the door, I opened it and saw that Roger was on the other side. He stood agape and looked me up and down several times. Before he could recover I spoke up, "Hello, Roger, I will be your hostess this afternoon." "He, hello," he stammered, "nice to see you again, Michelle." "Please follow me Mr. Roger," I said. 

Roger was the youngest of the group at fifty-six years old. He had thin grey hair and was rather slim except for a slight beer gut, though he kept in good enough shape to run half marathons. 

Entering the living room with my guest, I offered him his choice of seats until the others arrived. 

"Just make yourself at home," I said, "I have to go finish getting dressed. If anyone else shows up, just let them in." 

Giving me another quick lookover, he replied, "OK. Which way to the kitchen, I could use a drink?" 

"Just down the hallway to the left. I have tea, water, soft drinks, just grab whatever." I got dressed and went back to the living room and sat with Roger for a couple of minutes before I heard a knock at the door. Opening the door, Jim and Richard had both arrived. Jim had just hit sixty and still had most of his dark hair, but with an ever-growing bald spot in back. Richard was on tall and a bit of a smooth talker. He had the fullest head of hair and was probably the most handsome man in the group. 

When Stan showed up, he didn't miss a beat. As soon as I opened the door he said, "Well good afternoon 'Chelle," as if he had been expecting me to be dolled up. 

After a few minutes I realize that it was my house after all, so most likely, he was. As he said that he reached around and hugged me tightly. Lingering a bit longer than was comfortable, he only loosened his hold when I had to push him away. He was the one who knew me the least yet acted as if he'd known me forever. 

He was the shortest one of the group and quite pudgy, though not really fat. He did sport a comb-over which was hard to ignore and had that perpetual sweaty look. He was slightly shorter than I am but still had a commanding presence. At seventy-six he was the oldest of the group. 

Everyone was seated on the couch and chairs around my living room, casually chatting as I played the role of hostess. Bringing drinks when ready and some snacks, I found I was really enjoying this. 

At first they talked about their families, grandchildren, birding trips and golf. Soon the topic came to me, what I'd been doing, how life was treating me now that I was out of school and if any special guy was around. I told them how I wanted to start my own business and that there was no guys in my life at the moment. Occasionally, while refreshing drinks, I notice them stealing several stares when they thought I wouldn't notice. Oddly enough this excited me more than I would have thought and made me slow down a bit so they could get a good look. Part of me felt a little weird about it, but another part found it quite thrilling, thinking, 'I really need to find a guy soon.' They continued to talk and look for about twenty minutes before the men were ready for some cards. 

Playing several hands, I sat on the stool behind where my Jim was sitting. Roger had a pretty good view of my legs, which I tried to obscure as best I could, but I did notice several leering glances. Seeing a few empty glasses, I went into the kitchen for the tea pitcher and went around filling them up again. 

After a little over an hour, the men decided to take a break. I went into the kitchen to prepare some more snacks and make more tea. Someone entered behind my and I turned around to look. Richard was standing there watching me. Putting on a smile, I asked, "Can I get you something?" 

"Nope, just looking around; I really like your place and just wanted to take a look," he said. 

"I'm sorry, that was rude of me," I said walking out the door. Everyone was standing talking, except Jim, who was just coming back from the bathroom. "Would anyone like a tour of the house?" I asked. Everyone nodded their head and answered positively. 

Before we could start the phone rang. Going to the counter where the receiver was, I answered it. It was one of my girlfriends calling to see if I wanted to get together and do something. I excused myself and left the room while telling her about my day so far and the card game. 

She said in mock surprise, "I can't believe you just moved in and are already entertaining a room full of men, and you didn't even invite me!" 

"I'm sorry," I said dripping with sarcasm, "I know how turned on you get from the smell of Ben Gay and long discussions about prostates." 

"Oh ... ok, I hope you kids have a lovely time and don't get too wild." 

"No promises, who knows? We may even stay up 'til nine o'clock." 

After couple more minutes we said our goodbyes and I went back out to my guests. 

Entering the dining room, everyone suddenly got quiet and all eyes turned to me. Slipping back into hostess mode, I asked, "Am I interrupting something?" 

"No, nothing at all," Stan replied 

"We were just waiting for some drinks Miss," he said rather sternly. 

"My apologies sirs; is there anything I can get you?" I said bowing my head submissively. 

Going around the table with the tea pitcher I filled each glass. While I did this I felt a hand on the back of my leg. Looking around I saw that it was Richard, who gave me a wink. I couldn't help but smile in return. Standing there a little longer than necessary I let him rub my leg, until he inched a bit too high. Walking away back towards my stool, I looked around the table. Fortunately no one had seen what had happened, so I exhaled a relieved sigh. It had felt good to have someone touch me; besides, I was sure he got much more out of it than I did. 

When it was time for another short break, I took the men on a quick tour of the house. All were very impressed and liked what I had done with it so far. 

As everyone was leaving the bedroom talking, Richard stayed behind and grabbed my arm then pulled me back in as the others descended the stairs. 

"I apologize for earlier," he said. "Think nothing of it ..." I smiled somewhat nervously. He interrupted, "No ... I mean it, it's been a while and you are so beautiful ... and well, I forgot where we were and who you are for a minute ..." 

"That's fine, really, it was no big deal, just a slip of the hand, right? I do expect a nice tip at the end of the day though," I said smiling to show him I was being honest. 

I leaned up to give him a quick peck on the cheek to show him there were no hard feelings. He however turned and gave me a full kiss on the lips. I then surprised myself by not pushing him away from, but actually kissed him back. Breaking our embrace, I stood there breathless. Smiling, he left the room followed shortly by me as soon as I steadied myself. Exiting the doorway, I heard a short cough, turned around and saw Stan standing by the doorway, staring at me intently. Embarrassed at possibly being caught I tried to stammer something, but didn't know what to say. 

He proceeded to walk up to me, put his hand around my neck and guided me to his lips and then kissed me deeply, which again I found myself returning. I soon felt his hands reach around and massage my butt cheeks. Losing myself, I began grinding myself into him. Suddenly I was jerked back to reality when I heard a voice from downstairs: 

"What's taking y'all so long?" 

Pushing him away, I turned and went into my bedroom, closing the door. Looking at the alarm clock on the night stand I saw that it was almost four thirty. I hadn't realized how long they had been playing. Catching my breath and changing my now drenched panties I headed back downstairs. 

Going back out into the dining room, everyone was seated and the men were engrossed in their game. Roger had most of the money on the table, Richard was almost out of money and Stan was out completely and was sitting on my stool eating some chips. Jim had a decent pile, but not as much as he started with. 

I walked over to where Stan was and stood beside him. 

"Would you like your stool back?" Stan asked. 

"No, that's OK," I said sounding to myself like I was a million miles away. 

"Are you ok?" he inquired, "You look tense". 

"Fine ... just a bit tired," was all I could mutter. 

He turned towards me, placed his hands on my shoulders and guided me in front of him and began rubbing my neck. 

"You look like you could use some relaxation," he said. "Thanks," I replied as I leaned into Stan as he rubbed my shoulders. Thinking about how wonderful his hands were on my body I sighed blissfully while he kneaded my shoulders and neck. After a few minutes of this I realized his hands had begun to migrate towards my waist. Looking down I could see a pair of hands gently rubbing my hips, inching the hem of my dress up ever so slightly. 

Somewhat regaining my head, I looked around the room to see everyone's eyes were on me. I had expected someone to intervene on my behalf, but they just sat there with a look of surprise on their faces. 

Looking down again, I noticed that the hem of my dress was up and now my panties were visible to everyone. I tried to pull the hem back down, only to have Stan's strong hands push mine away and pull my dress back up, this time past my navel. Feeling so turned on I had no desire to protect my modesty. 

There was the sound of chairs being pushed back from the table and I heard the men get up and walk towards me and Stan. 

Next, I felt Stan brush my hair from my neck and lightly start kissing my ear, slowly moving down to the nape of my neck. Closing my eyes I tried to push what was happening from my mind. 

Forgetting where I was and who I was with, I realized a pair of hands were now lightly massaging my breasts. Since my only reaction to this was to moan with pleasure whoever it was became bolder and began fondling me harder. Opening my eyes I saw Richard's comb-over as he leaned in to kiss and suckle my erect nipples through my dress. 

I knew this had to stop, but the further they went the hotter I became. I felt my panties get pulled down next and I turned around to look at Stan in the eye and said dreamily, "Stop this right now," but without any conviction behind it. 

As I gazed into his suddenly youthful blue eyes I became transfixed as he and the others ignored me. As I looked, I felt someone start to pull my dress straps down over my shoulders and then, before I realized it, I was standing their in only my bra with my dress now a bundle around my waist. 

Then in what seemed like an instant, I felt hands deftly remove my bra. I was now standing completely exposed front of four much older men; one rubbing my shoulders and kissing my neck, one licking and sucking my breasts, while another hand was on my moist pussy massaging my lips and slowly inserting a finger further and further. 

I looked at the hand caressing my shoulder as it moved down my arm then took hold of my wrist as he guided my off the stool and started pulling me toward the bedroom. Before I knew it, Roger was leading me up to my bedroom with three horny old men in close pursuit. Walking behind him up the stairs, I couldn't help but notice the protrusion jutting out from his pants. Seeing that I had such an effect on him made me even more light-headed. All I wanted to do was get his pants off of him and see what he had waiting for me. Guiding me to the side of the bed, he sat me down. I inched back and lay down spreading my arms and legs as the men quickly undressed. Roger immediately climbed on top of me. Glancing around the room all the men stood around my bed and with their cocks in various degrees of hardness. The mere sight almost made me cum without needing to be touched. 

In my last moment before I gave into my lust I managed to reach for the night stand and pulled out some condoms. Stan being closest grabbed the box and emptied the contents in the bed beside me. As Roger kissed me he gently pawed at my breasts, pinching and squeezing as if their was no tomorrow. 

Roger then removed his hands to my disappointment; however, I soon realized he needed them to put on the condom and guide himself into my wet hole. I felt his cock stretching the opening of my pussy. As he slowly began inserting himself inside of me I immediately came. As he began to build up speed, I pushed my hips up to meet him. As I felt a second orgasm begin to run through my extremely horny body, Roger began to push into me faster and faster until he neared completion. He pulled out and rolled over pulling the condom off. 

"Suck me!" he cried. 

Quickly maneuvering myself over his hardness, I put him in my mouth and began sucking his dick until he emptied himself inside my waiting mouth. As he rolled off of the bed, I knew there was no stopping now. 

When Roger got out of the way, Jim quickly, took his place. He pushed himself in my sopping wet pussy. He was much more gentle than Roger had been. Slowly pushing his condom wrapped member into me, he brought me yet again to another powerful orgasm. As he approached his own climax he withdrew, removed the rubber and crawled up me and straddled on top of my chest and put his cock in my open mouth. Tasting my juices on Jim only made me hotter as I sucked away on his thick knob. After a relatively short time he made his deposit. As he filled my mouth I wasn't able to swallow all of it and some did escape and drip down my cheek. 
