 We hoped it was true. We desperately wanted it to be true. Everyone said that Sarah became unbelievably suggestible and willing to do anything when she'd being smoking pot. This was a party in Alaska. There was a lot of pot going around, we'd seen Sarah take more than one hit. So hoped what they said was true.

My name is Allison, and my boyfriend is Eric. Eric's a stud, no two ways about it. Just slightly taller than average, but he's a hockey player and built like a wall of muscles. I loved to massage his body with oil and feel his strength underneath my hands.  His pecs, upper arms, and legs were strong enough that we could try a variety of sexual positions and situations not open to other couples where the man couldn't, for instance, hold the woman suspended in mid-air, only making contact where he held her and where his cock entered her. It helped too that I'm small, 5'3 and petite. My skin tans easily, I have short brown hair, big brown eyes, and I like to think I have the petite girl's version of the hourglass figure. I'm 23, a recent college grad. Eric is 20, still a student at the university.

And that brings us to Sarah. Sarah graduated the year after me. She's 22,but looks like she's 18. She's a native Alaskan with creamy, dark tan skin, very long black hair, and absurdly large, clear brown eyes. And, like most native Alaskans her age, she had a knock-out body with a firm but well-shaped ass that flowed right down into her sculpted legs; a thin waist; and perfectly round breasts that required no bra. And she wore none. It was easy to tell because she usually wore light-colored, light-weight blouses, and an intrepid starer could often make out her nipples. Eric and I were both intrepid starers.

For her part, Sarah was sexually conservative. By all accounts she only had sex with a man who was officially her boyfriend. Eric and I, on the other hand,had engaged in group sex (twice in threesomes, once in a messy five-person drunk fest) and had each occasionally stepped out on the other when the mood was right. We loved each other, but we were both sexually insatiable, and we both knew that.

And we both wanted to have Sarah in a threesome with us.

It was with great anticipation that we watched Sarah take hits that evening. We didn't have any great plan, and neither of us was incredible at seduction techniques, so we were really banking on the marijuana effect.

We explained our hopes to a mutual friend on the porch while Eric smoked a cigarette. (Must be an Alaska thing... ya can smoke inside if it's weed, but otherwise...)

Beth, a svelte blonde whom Eric and I had bedded in our first ever group sex, smiled. "Well, she'd have a great time with you no doubt, but I'm not sure even grass is going to get her to accept a threesome."

Eric stamped out the butt of his cigarette. "What do you mean?"

Beth grinned and patted Eric playfully on the cheek. "Despite what you men like to think, most women are not closet bisexuals. Some that aren't, like me, are willing to play at it from time to time for the novelty and taboo thrill. And some of those, like me, find it enjoyable enough to even think about it from time to time when masturbating. But an awful lot of women, especially conservative women like Sarah, are straight, through and through."

Eric grinned and gave us each a playful squeeze. "Then I guess, it's up to me to make this happen." He grinned like a man who'd had a little too much to drink to maintain full rational control. "Follow me at a distance and then listen for the right time to make your appearance."

"What...?"

"Just trust me." He paused. "And, Beth, you can follow, too." He kissed her on her cheek and went back into the party.

I wasn't sure what was going on, but if Eric had a plan for getting us a taste of Sarah, I was willing to go with it. And if Beth were going to get involved, so much the better. I remembered well the feeling of pressing my little face between the tall, leanly curved blonde's breasts, and would not turn down an opportunity to do so again.

Beth seemed amused and curious, so she too lingered for a moment, and then together we followed Eric. We hung back from him, keeping our distance. He was sitting next to Sarah on the floor amidst a group of people passing around the good stuff. Sarah, bless her native Alaskan soul, took another hit. Eric whispered something in her ear and she laughed.  She was obviously quite high, and hopefully as compliant as everyone suggested.

The next thing we knew, Eric was taking Sarah's hand and placing it on his crotch. One of Eric's gifts was to be able to arouse himself to erection on command. I loved to watch him to it, and even more to felt him do it in my grasp or inside my mouth. I envied Sarah the sensation, because I was sure that's what he was doing underneath her delicate touch. The widened of her eyes seemed to confirm it.

They exchanged a few more whispers; Sarah laughed once again; and then they rose together and slunk out of the main gathering and up the stairs. Beth and I followed quietly and kept our distance. We saw them enter a room, hand in hand, and close the door behind them.

"Phase one accomplished," Beth murmured. "At least Eric's going to get some. What's your plan?"

I put my arm around her shoulder. "Beth, hon, trust Eric. He said there would be a point for me to come in, and another for you... I trust his plan."

I crept closer to the room Eric and Sarah had gone into. As I went, I took hold of Beth's hand and led her behind me. I sighed a little at the pleasure of her hand in mine. Unlike Beth, I am a whole-hearted bisexual. And, for better or worse, I got emotionally attached to both men and women, too. I wished Beth were more interested in exploring the possibilities in my world of complex relationships.

Shaking my head to clear out the deep thoughts, I let go of her hand to give her a quick squeeze on the backseat of her skirt. "Let's listen."

We both knelt by the door, ears pressed into the wood. It was quite the aural feast.

They were going at it already, hot and heavy. Sarah squeaked with every thrust, and Eric was talking a blue streak.

"God, you're so fucking tight!" he grunted. "Your little cunt is so tight! So wet!  Come on, whore, take it deeper! You fucking slut! Fuck me back, bitch, don't just lay there!"

The more Eric swore at her, the louder her groaning and crying became, untill she started forming words.

"Please," she begged. "Please, touch my breasts, kiss me, please..."

That surprised me. Eric was usually all over a woman's breasts and face. He was a full-package lover, no doubt.

"Please, Eric," she begged again, more desperately. "Kiss my breasts, kiss my lips, please..."

"Fuck it, bitch!" Eric said with unusual viciousness. "I'm only hear for pussy."

"Please! Please! Please!" she squealed.

"You want something other than a good pussy plowing, you better get someone else in here, 'cause I've got what I want, slut."

I knew that this was my cue. Eric was opening the door for me. I looked at Beth. Her face was red, and I could tell she really wanted to touch herself, but was holding out. Beth was a big believer in delayed gratification. Or, rather, delaying it until an explosion was unavoidable.

"I'll give you a signal," I told her, running my delicate fingers along her face. "Just hang in there, babe."

With that, I entered the room, shutting the door right behind me. Sarah didn't hear me, I'm sure, as both her sounds of delight and her pleading in frustration had gotten louder. Their clothes were in two surprisingly neat piles on either side of them, and they were on the floor in the middle of what was apparently our hosts' computer room.

Eric was on his knees, his hands under Sarah's ass he held her up and fucked her as hard as possible. It was a difficult position, but Eric's cock was surprisingly long, if somewhat narrow, and he could pull it off. Sarah's pretty legs were sprawled obscenely wide around him. I was standing behind them, admiring the movement Eric's iron ass muscles as he plowed this girl.  I shed my clothes, anxious to join in the fun.

Once my petite body was utterly exposed, I slowly slunk around to the other side. As I walked past, I could see her juices dripping down from her wet pussy onto the floor and onto Eric's knees.

Sarah's pretty face was screwed up with tense pleasure, but she noticed me as I kneeled down beside her. I smiled warmly, and she just looked confused, but kept bouncing against Eric as best she could.

I bent down, my mouth inches from hers, and started trailing my finger teasingly around her breasts. I could tell from her rock hard nipples and her parted, burning lips that she was aching for attention.  I didn't yet know, though, if Eric's apparent plan to make her desperate was gong to get her to the point of accepting a woman's touch.

To my eternal shock, Sarah answered that question almost immediately. "Please touch me," she begged. "Kiss me, play with my breasts."

I kept teasing her with tantalizing brushes, moved my mouth closed to her. I flashed my tongue as I spoke. "Are you sure, honey?"

"Please," she insisted.

I smiled again, and blew softly on her mouth. I rubbed her nipples with the palm of my hand, agonizingly gentle. "But I'm a girl, Sarah."

"Just kiss me!"

"You want to kiss a girl, Sarah?"

"Yes!" she begged. "Kiss me, Allison!"

I looked up at Eric, who was getting pretty close to coming already, I could tell. Sarah must have been tight, indeed. I lay my cheek on Sarah's as I gazed at him. "Should I kiss her, Eric?"

He only grunted loudly, pounding her even harder. She'd had too much. Sarah grabbed hold of my face, and pulled me into a kiss. It was delicious, everything I'd hoped it would be. Not only did she had a great mouth, but she used it damn well, too. Her lips were as active as her tongue, and she used her cheeks to massage my tongue. It was the most erotic kiss I'd ever had, and I lost any sense of my own control. I may have started out trying to play Sarah, but now I was all hers.

With no prompting from me, she reached up and started to massage my breasts as we continued to kiss. Her touch was soft, exploring.  She was more interested in the flow of my breasts from my side than in my nipples, and I was surprised at how tantalizing her caresses there were.

In just a moment, watching us kiss passionately, Eric swore loudly and came inside Sarah. She thrilled with the pulsing of his load, but she needed a lot more. As Eric slide out, I straddled Sarah's abdomen, our kisses never breaking for more than a breath. I leaned forward into the kiss, our small breasts pressing into each other.

Sarah groaned underneath me and arch up into my small body. I reached behind me and felt her cunt. Eric hadn't worn a condom. His semen was dripping out of her. I slid a couple fingers inside her and started thumbing her clit. She went crazy, and the next thing I knew, her fingernails were scratching my back, and her kisses were becoming violent.

"So that's how you like it, bitch," I swore at her.

I think I surprised her with my strength as I rolled off her, onto my back and pulled her face down to my wet, needful lovebox. I held her there, humping against her face to rub my juices all over her nose and cheeks.

"No," she said, suddenly, "I can't do that."

I pressed her more tightly into me. "Do it, bitch!"

I screwed her nose into my cunt, and then I decided to change tactics. Maybe she could only handle the rough approach if it was her being rough. I still kept her head between my tan thighs, but I started caressing her long, black hair, instead of pressing her into me.

"You'll like it, babe, I promise," I told her softly. "Just give it a little taste."

A little more encouragement and caressing, and suddenly I felt the tip of Sarah's tongue directly on my clit. I gasped and arched my back towards her. She seemed to enjoy my response, and she gave it a stronger lick. Then another. Then she parted her lips and took my clit in her mouth. She started to move her head, and I started to groan, and every one of my reactions drove the native Alaskan girl crazy. Before I knew it, she was going all out on me, using her lips, tongue and breath with the same power between my legs as she had on my mouth.

I looked down and saw her beautiful body in front of me, her long, satiny black hair pouring over my lap. I saw Eric standing over us now, looking down at her ass and stroking himself back to hardness. Then I felt Sarah surround my clit with her lips very gently and inhale. It caused a flood of cold air to gust up, and I came immediately. My thighs shook, I squirted up into herpretty face and I screamed.

Sarah must have loved making me cum, because she moaned into my muff and went at me even harder, sucking on my labia, tongue-fucking me, and occasionally sucking on my clit. As I started to close my eyes and lose myself in the utter pleasure of the attention, I suddenly felt pressure against my face, and I opened my eyes to see Eric, caressing my face with his rod.

I groaned and opened my mouth to take him in. I've always loved Eric's cock. Long, lean, rippling with as much strength as the rest of his body. I was in no position to give him my best blow job, but I didn't think it mattered to him that much. It was enough to have his girlfriend give his cock a sloppy, wet sucking while another pretty girl, dripping with his cum, ate her out.

And I knew it was time. Around Eric's monster, I called out, "Sarah deserves some help here."

Beth entered on cue. I watched her as I continued to suck Eric and Sarah never wavered in her attention to my pussy. I couldn't focus well on Beth, but I saw her undress much more slowly than I could have under the circumstances. It was always a hell of a revealing when Beth got undressed. When I say she's tall and svelte, I mean she's a six-foot-three Nordic blonde in athletic shape but with all the curves a man or woman could ever want. She was a skier and a swimmer and could have been a model or anything else she wanted.

I didn't see the end of the unveiling, though, because my eyes were closed. I came twice more under Sarah's mouth, and she was still unrelenting. Eric was already getting close again, and I was jerking his shaft as I sucked on it to try and bring him off. I love to make my boyfriend cum, and I love to fill my mouth with his sticky seed.

I heard Eric kissing someone, and I assumed that Beth had come over to us. I reached up towards them and felt her leg, and I knew I was right.

Then, all at once, I came for the fourth time and Eric exploded simultaneously in my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could, but saved some to swish around and feel between my teeth and under my tongue. Even once I'd swallowed that last bit, I still had some dribbling down my face.

I was out of breath and light-headed, and largely unaware of what was going on, but I saw Beth kneel, gently lift Sarah's face from my lap, and kiss her softly. Gently hold her face, Beth licked my juices clean off the native girl's face, leaving Sarah gasping with pleasure.

"It's your turn, Sarah, honey," Beth said softly.

She stood, holding Sarah's hands, and lifted the other girl to her feet. They embraced, hands caressing backs and hips and long hair, whether black or bright yellow. Then, Beth slowly eased back down to her knees, keeping Sarah on her feet. The tall blonde took two fingers and wiped Eric's semen from around the young woman's mound, then licked those fingers clean.

"You're beautiful," she purred, placing a gentle kiss on Sarah's slickened labia. "And you deserve to feel as good as you've been making Eric and Allison feel."

Sarah moaned and closed her eyes as the gorgeous blonde began kissing her lower lips softly and tenderly, caressing her hips and ass. She raked her hands in Beth's hair, but didn't try to force anything. She was entrusting her pleasure to the other woman.

Beth slowly built up the intensity of her ministrations, until finally she was lapping the girl's cunt with long tongue stoked that parted her lips and tweaked her clit. Sarah started to collapse but Beth held her up in place.

"Baby, you taste so good," Beth cooed.

Finally, she hit her limit, and Sarah came. It was a powerful but subtle orgasm. She didn't scream, which was surprising, given her general loudness during the rest of the love-making. She didn't shake violently. Her muscles quivered, and fluids drained down her thighs onto Beth's face.

Beth let her collapse to the floor slowly, but didn't stop eating her. Sarah lay on her back, her eyes wide open, looking down at the beautiful face that was adoring her so. She whimpered with pleasure and drew her legs up, adding slight pelvic movements to the tongue-fucking Beth was now giving her.

Eric had come twice already, usually his limit, but tonight was special, and he was getting hard again. The site of Beth on all fours tongue-fucking the pretty native Alaskan girl was obviously irresistible. Hell, if I'd had a strap-on, I might not have been able to resist either.

With no warning, Eric just got up behind Beth, starting licking her ass cheeks while he loosened her cunt lips with his finger. She was very responsive, and once he felt she was lubed up enough with her own juices, he gave her ass a good long hickey and then leaned back enough to slide his long, hard cock into the blonde's pussy.

Beth was now thrashing on both ends, mercilessly tongue-fucking Sarah and humping hard against Eric. Her earlier tenderness had become an explosion of passion. Sarah came a second time, and lifted herself off the ground, grinding her cunt into the would-be model's face.

"Allison!" Sarah screamed, her lips parted, her tongue flickering in and out. "Let me taste you again!"

Who was I to say no to being the fourth link the chain?