 After relaxing and cleaning up I decided it was time for my married man to see Chicago.  I took him downtown.  A small town boy needed to at least see the big city while he was seeing me.  So to speak.

So we hop on the L and take it straight into the city.  It was nice having someone to lean up against even if his hand wasn’t roaming like I wanted and I knew he wanted to, but we were trying to enjoy one another’s company.  Being that we’re friends as well as lovers for this weekend at least.  

He and I step off the L and walk upstairs to LaSalle and Congress.  We take a stroll around the area and I feel on of his hands on my ass.

“No panties?”  I smirked and looked up at him trying to keep the hair out of my face.

“Did you expect them?”  He kissed my lips and said,

 “No, but it is a tad bit windy out.  Aren’t you cold under there?” 

 “Actually the wind is cooling me down.  It’s been a long, but very short weekend.”

 “I don’t even want to think about it ending.  So just show me this beautiful city before I take you home and ravish you one more time.”  

 “Come on now.  You have to be able to tell your wife you saw something.”

 “True.”

	We spent the afternoon until suppertime walking around and seeing the amazing architecture of the city and enjoying the cool night air.  He pulled me into the House of Blues for dinner and then I took him down to Montrose Beach and looked out at beautiful Lake Michigan.  While we sat there we got to view Navy Pier and it was early enough that the ferris wheel lights were still lit.  With his arm around me and my hand on his thigh I decided I could definitely get used to having a man with me.  Too bad this one was married.

“Are you still a little warm?”  I looked over and smiled.

“I’ve been since three days before you arrived.”  His left hand slid up the slit in my dress and stopped on my warm thigh and I separated my legs more so they could feel the warmth and moist pussy beneath this dress.  My lips met his and we kissed for a moment while his hand rubbed my thigh making me want him even more.

 “I bet we’ll get arrested if we keep this up.” 

 “Uh huh,” I whisper while looking in his eyes.  “But I don’t want you to stop.  I don’t think I can wait until we get back to the hotel.  This weekend is about experiencing for me.”  He chuckles and takes my cheek in his tender hands and sighs.

 “True, but I can’t call my wife from jail.  You know that.”

 “I do.”  I sigh and look at the water as I remove his hand from my thigh and hold it in mine.  “I would have no one to call either.”

	The two of us stood up and starting walking back to the main street to catch a taxi.  As we walked along the somewhat darkened area we held hands and were basically quiet until he heard moaning and looked at me as if I was making the noise.  Then I noticed he was looking past me onto a small hill covered somewhat by trees.  A fully clothed man was on top of a naked big breasted woman.  For a moment we stared and then I looked at my man he had this big smile on his face.

 “Why don’t we go over there.  There’s hardly any lights and we can finish watching the show.  Maybe they’ll ask us to join in.  Talk about experiences.”

 “Do you think he wants to be bothered?  I mean he looks like he’s ready to cum.”  He smiled and pulled me over to where the couple was fucking and quickly glanced the area.  There were a few trees offering darkness – more than the couple on the hard ground had.  

Once we found a darker area he leaned me against a tree and we watched the couple fucking.  The woman had leaned up on her elbows and the man had buried his head in her neck.  She was moving her hips like a mad woman fucking this man like there was no tomorrow.  

“Stop moving.” The man whispered to his naked goddess and my eyes met with his.  I bit my lip and he smiled as my lover pulled my skirt wide open showing my shaved and wet cunt.  “Would you like to join in?”  

My lover smirked and began to rub my cunt as he looked at the reaction on my face.  

“Your clit is so hard, honey.  Do you want this man to fuck you?  Or would you rather have him and his woman join us?”  I couldn’t speak my throat was dry.  

The man removed his cock from his woman and sat up pulling her on top of him.

 “I’d like to watch for the moment.”  

 “Ok, but how about we watch them while we have some fun?  Shall we?”  I looked at him and smiled.  He turned me around untying my dress and letting it fall open.  My naked body in front of his excited eyes.  

My hand felt for his cock and felt that it was already semi-hard.  His hand slipped between my thighs and he felt how soaked I truly was.  My wetness had started to soak my thighs.  

His lips met mine and I wrapped my left leg around his right one pulling him closer.  As my arms held him to me I felt him hardening between my legs.  Suddenly I felt a set of hands on my thighs.  I looked down to find the woman’s head not more than an inch from my hip bone.  My lover stepped aside as I held onto his arm.  He stood next to me, his cock now free from the restraints of his pants.  

The woman at my leg moved over to his cock taking it in his mouth.  His eyes met mine with a smile and the man who had been fucking her was between my thighs.  

“Lean against the tree more.”  I did as he instructed and he moved underneath my legs bending my knees resting them on his shoulders.  He started to slowly lick my cunt moaning as he lapped all my juices that I was holding for my lover to savor.

My lovers eyes were closed as he held one of my hands with his while his other hand held the girls’ cock sucking head in place.  I started to climax at watching her deep throat my lovers cock and then the man between my legs pulled away smiling. 

He slid a finger back to my ass and tickled my sphincter muscle while latching on to my clit.  I started to fall and he stopped sucking my clit.  He removed himself from between my legs and stood up with his large erection planted in front of my pussy.  

This man began to rub my clit with it and then quickly slid in and out a bit stretching my cunt a little more each time.  

“You’re so tight.”  He moaned as he filled me completely.  I moaned and released my grip on my lover and pulled this stranger closer to me.  I needed to cum all over this brand new cock deep inside of me.  He stayed still and I began to squeeze his cock with my cunt muscles and while I hand my eyes closed I felt both of my nipples being sucked.  

My lover was on the right and the woman who had been sucking his cock was on the other one.  When I met eyes with her she smiled and moved her lips to mine kissing them ever so gently.  Her hand began to massage my ass and then move between the crack sliding her hand up and down ignighting my climax.

I felt a finger rubbing my clit and open my eyes to see my lover with a wicked smile.  I began cumming then and there all over this stranger’s cock holding him close to me while his lover was manipulating my ass and my lover still with his hard on was playing with my clit.  

Not knowing if I would scream while cumming my lover placed the other hand of his over my mouth until my breathing pattern got heavier and I opened my eyes with a smile.  The stranger smiled and pulled out, still hard and went back to his blanket with his lover.  
Helping me stand, my lover commented on what I couldn’t even believe just happened to this newly devirginized girl.

 “Now I know why you love it here!”  He chuckled as he held me in his arms.

 “25 years and I’ve never.”  I caught my breath.  “Whoo!”  My lover smiled at me and kissed my lips briefly as he started to tie my dress back up.  “Wait!  You didn’t cum yet.”

 “No, but I can wait.”  

 “Wait for what?”  I kissed his lips and moved him over by a large shrub.  Behind it there was nothing I couldn’t even see the hand in front of my face.  He laid on the dirt and I climbed on top of him.  Feeling a cock back inside me felt so damned good even if it was just a few minutes ago.  With this man I could fuck all night because he saw me for who I am.

I began to rock my hips slowly as I felt him deep inside of me.  Nice and hard.  I laid on his chest and stayed still for a moment until he sat up and asked,

“Do you mind if we have anal?”  I shook my head no and he stood up.  I closed my dress a little as he pulled me back to the tree and pressed me against it yanking my skirt up the back.  “Ohhh you’re so tight.  I love fucking this body of yours.  I could do it for the rest of my life.”

As he fucked my ass I felt his finger teasing my clit bringing me to another climax.  He was tensing and pausing as he entered.  His hand left my clit and spanked my ass a few times letting the burn warm me up.

“I’m going to cum deep in this ass.  Deep inside of your hot little ass I’m going to cum and it’s going to seep out of you and down your legs.  You little slut.”  I loved when he talked dirty to me and calling me a slut was my favorite thing.  

I began hugging the tree and feeling the roughness against my body was making me want to cum so as his pace quickened so did I.  I moved my hand to my cunt and started rubbing my clit as he came he held me close to him squeezing my climax out as well.  I started to scream as we fell back and he laughed when he hit the ground.

He started to chuckle and I got off of him and kissed his lips.

“Are you alright?”

 “Nothing I can’t handle.”  His lips met mine and he held me there for a moment.  “Do you want to head back to the hotel?”   I looked at him knowing that this moment was over as it started and I enjoyed every moment as he did.  I also knew that our weekend was drawing to a close.

“Sure.”

We stood up and very slowly and carefully walked to the main street to hail a taxi.  Covered in leaves and pieces of grass I was ecstatic.