 The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 1 - Prologue 

"Mail call!"

The small group of workers hurried into the meeting room for the twice-weekly ritual after completing their twelve hour shift. Care packages and letters were passed out. These guys were contractors for a highly classified monitoring station in the extremely remote location of the northern Alaska wastelands.

"Got something there, Chris?"

"Oh yeah." Chris Washburn said happily as he tucked the manila envelope under his arm. His roommate grinned, knowing that the package for Chris was from Chris's wife. Hurrying to his quarters in the quonset huts, Chris opened the package. The results exceeded even his wildest expectations.

The first pictures showed his wife, her dirty blonde hair in gentle drilled curls, wearing a sundress that showed off her short, shapely, stocky body. The next picture was of her full body, showing her legs as she stood in high heel slides. Then followed one of her from behind, bent over slightly so that the delicious curves of her ass were outlined by the tight fitting dress.

The pictures progressed, showing his wife in the sunroom of their hope, outlined against the window, then stepping outside into the backyard. There, subsequent pictures showed that she had been joined by their young neighbor from across the street. He had light colored hair, more ash than yellow blonde, and his tall, lean body was ripped, the muscles not overdone but rock-hard on his body.

The next pictures Chris saw were of his wife and the young man sitting on the patio, having what looked like frozen daiquiris. Then the camera got closer to the lovely woman from below, showing her legs... then up her skirt. It was as if the young man didn't realize that she was showing off her private parts to the camera.

There was another set of pics. The first showed the young man pouring more drinks, not seeming to notice the woman hitching up her skirt at the camera, showing off her bare ass! Chris groaned at the sight of the delicious globes of his wife's asscheeks. Then the next picture showed his wife with a message on a piece of paper that said 'Watch the video.'

Racing to his laptop, he plugged in the jump drive and started the first video. It was his wife in her bedroom. "Honey," she said, "it's warm so we're changing into something more comfortable. He's in the other room." With that, the woman slowly let her sundress fall to the floor, then she proceeded to put on a thong bikini while looking into the camera and smiling lustily. "Okay, honey," she said, "look at the second set of pics."

Back to the pictures. Chris began going through them. They showed his wife and the young man back in the backyard in the lawn chairs. The young man was in tight fitting swim trunks that looked like blue boxer shorts, and the outline of his huge cock could easily be seen under the thin fabric. In one pic, while the guy was looking away, the wife was pointing at the bulge between his legs with her other hand to her lips in an 'Oh my!' pose.

The other pics that followed showed various scenes of Chris's wife. In one, the young man was looking away and she had the thong bikini pulled to one side, completely exposing her pussy, her cuntlips open and wet. Another pic showed her pulling the bikini top down to expose and uplift her breasts, followed by the young man getting a good feel of her fleshy boob. Then one of him sucking her rock-hard, distended nipple as she displayed a look of pleasure on her face.

That was the last pic. Chris checked the jump drive. There was a second video, but it only showed his wife and the young man talking about going out to dinner together that night. There were no more pictures nor videos. His wife was probably going to send the pictures of her date and their night on the Town in another mail package. Such a tease she was! he thought to himself.

Then he noticed another file, not named like the others. It had two photographs, which totally shocked Chris. One showed his wife very clearly sucking a huge, hard cock, her moist, lipsticked lips tightly clinging to the thick shaft. It was obviously the young man's cock, even though Chris could not see the other guy's face. Then there was the other pic, and Chris reeled...

It showed a very close-up picture of a quality not as good as the others. A man was on top of a woman in the missionary position, and his cock was buried almost all the way into her pussy. Unlike the young man in the previous pics, the backs of this man's legs were hairy, and the nutsack was smaller than the other man's...

It looked like his wife's vagina, but he couldn't quite be sure, he thought. He couldn't see any telltale moles or marks, and the lovers' bellies were pressed together, preventing any of the rest of their bodies or faces from being seen. But in his soul, Chris knew that he was looking at his wife being fucked by another man, and he wondered if this picture had been meant to be included in the package, or if others that should have been in the package were missing...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Friday, September 18th. I was watching my beautiful wife Laura on her back, her luscious legs spread and high in the air, her gray high-heel pumps the only thing she was wearing. The young teen stud Ryan was naked and on top of her, pumping his large meat into my wife with youthful vigor.

"Baby, slow down," Laura moaned, "you'll come too fast."

"It's okay, I'm under control." Ryan said. I was a bit stunned; usually men this young would come very fast, but Ryan had better control that expected. I reasoned that he must've come before meeting us for our double date.

I looked down at the lovely woman beneath me. Ryan's mother Marlena had black hair and a voluptuous but still hourglass-shaped body. Her legs were her best feature, shapely and fairly firm, and her feet looked hot in the high heel slides she was wearing. They were the slides that she'd been wearing with her housecoat on the night of the Michelle Schell murder across the street from her house, and now having those legs caught under my arms as I pumped my cock into her, tasting and tonguing her legs and feet as I fucked her, and seeing my own wife being fucked by her well-hung son, was intensely pleasurable.

I briefly remembered fucking the big girl Willa a few months back, then remembered other big girls I'd fucked in college. Marlena was hotter than them, she was moving her hips and ass in response to my hard, steady thrusts, but I did enjoy the pillowy sweetness of her body as I let my weight press my groin and abs onto hers.

"UHH!!" I heard my wife gasp. I looked over seeing her eyes closed, her body straining, her mouth in an "oh" as she gasped and moaned. Laura was having an orgasm, and I heard Ryan grunt as he pushed his ass forward, trying to keep his cock buried nuts-deep in her pussy as her clenching cunt seemed to try to push his invading cuntsplitter out. It was a feeling I'd enjoyed many, many times when Laura came around my cock.

Marlena was moaning as I sped up the power and intensity of my own thrusts. She had climaxed, though her pussy did not clutch me as tightly as Laura's usually did. It was amazing to me, as always, how women would go through their climaxes in different ways...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"It's an away game." Ryan said. "I'm redshirted, so I didn't get to go on this trip." Ryan was on the University's football team, which had an away game over the weekend.

"That's our gain." Laura said as she snuggled into him. "Definitely my gain." She leaned her head back and kissed Ryan's mouth.

"Ryan," said Marlena, "why don't you tell them about the couple we've been swapping with."

"Oh, yeah," said Ryan, "Sean and Cassie. They're our neighbors... well, they live in the same subdivision but farther down the road. They're a mother-and-son duo and they fuck each other like Mom and I fuck." Marlena smiled lovingly at Ryan as he said "We've hooked up with them a few times, and they might be a good couple to join us for a bigger party, or you guys could swap with them, too."

"Sounds good." Laura said, then she asked "Do you think they would be willing to talk to me for my research? Like you and your mother have been doing? Fully anonymously?"

"Maybe." said Ryan. "I can ask them. I'm sure Cassie will do it if you pay her. Don't ever get between her and a dollar bill if you don't want to get run over!"

"Ryan!" gasped Marlena. "That's not nice!"

"Sorry, Mom." Ryan said, grinning. "Anyway, I'll talk to them if you like, Laura."

"Mmm, good." Laura said. "Now why don't you get my husband's sloppy seconds while he gets yours?" With that, we swapped partners. I got behind Laura in a 'spoons' position, lying on our left hips so that Laura could watch Ryan fuck his own mother. I could feel my wife's excitement as I pumped her sperm-filled pussy, enjoying the weird wet slickness that was getting frothy. 

So was Marlena's cunt, as her son Ryan was fucking her very hard and deep. Her legs were pulled way back to give her son full admission to her slick, sloppy vagina, and he was plowing her furrow into a hot, creamy lather...

Part 2 - Groundwork 

"What I don't understand," said Cindy Ross, "is Dora Ellis. I've been following up on her for Jack Muscone and the FBI, as you know."

We were sitting in my office at 8:30am, Monday, September 21st, drinking coffee and just chatting after the conclusion of the "Crowbar's Angels" meeting.

"Yes." I said. "Anything new on that?"

"No." Cindy said. "Just that Angela Harlan was all over her like a wet blanket while Dora was in Texas. After Angela died up here, the FBI office in Dallas obtained everything in Texas that they could get on Angela, including all her police cases, notes, the works. But they had even more on Dora Ellis, because Angela was just about to hand off a money laundering case to the FBI down there. Dora left the State, fell off the FBI's radar... and Angela started going nuts, too. It wasn't all that much later that the first Black Widow cases started up."

"Yes." I said. After a pause I asked "Am I the only one in the room who disbelieves coincidences enough that I see a possible connection in all of this? Dora in Texas, then up here. Sharples in Texas, then up here. Angela Harlan in Texas, then up here."

"No sir, you are not." said Cindy, who then grinned. "You know... my father, Dr. Eckart, says the same thing about coincidences. He got a good laugh when I told him how you quote Dame Agatha Christie on that."

I smiled as Cindy said "By the way, Lindy Linares of the FBI up here worked with me to get some of this material."

"Yes, she's very good with the white collar crimes." I said. "She's the FBI's version of The Abacus." The Abacus was Vice Detective Julie Newton, whose wizardry with ledgers, numbers, and discovering means of moving money around was without equal in the State, if I do say so myself.

"You know," Cindy said, "Lindy and I were wondering if we should bring Julie into this. Maybe even get her on the FBI payroll as a temporary consultant or something."

I considered that. "No." I concluded. "We'll keep Julie all to ourselves. I think Teresa has her working on some other stuff, too."

Cindy said "True enough. Teresa put her onto Domingo Shipping, and she came up with a couple of names in the Tenderloin District. One of them is a member of T-Square's 'Regiment', a guy named Tyrell T. Underwood, who goes by the name of 'Smooth'. The other is Weinstein, the Jewish guy that runs a club on the Southern end of the Tenderloin District. No one has seen 'Smooth' in several weeks, and we haven't found him yet, either. We've got some people watching Weinstein."

"Interesting." I said. "Tell Teresa very quietly, and for her ears alone: don't waste much time looking into 'Smooth'. Let's just say that one is a 'dead' end."

Cindy peered at me, knowing all too well that I had a meaning in my words. I piled on.

"Also, Cindy," I said, "we need to consider the possibility of key people leaving the Force. No, don't get your hackles up, I'm not saying anyone is doing anything wrong, but people do find other jobs, or they get married, or get bored around this place."

"If they're bored," Cindy replied levelly, "it's because you made it that way. Criminals are scared to do anything in this County because they know exactly who is about to bust them up."

"I think it's my partner they're really scared of." I said with a grin. Then I frowned a bit. "I do wish it were true that we were feared that much by the criminal elements. But the point I was trying to make is that we can't allow ourselves to be diminished if someone leaves or is incapacitated. I want you to think of what would happen if The Abacus ever left. Who would we have to 'follow the money' if she wasn't around?"

"Good point." Cindy said. "You think she's looking to leave?"

"No... no, I wasn't trying to imply anything. I just used her as an example." I said. "And this is a better example, though painful to think of: what is your plan if something happens to Teresa or Tanya?"

Cindy's eyes widened a bit as she contemplated those repercussions. "Perish forbid that ever happen." she said. "But you're right, it's something I need to think about and plan for."

She then asked, obviously to change the subject, "Speaking of Angela Harlan, did you ever follow up on Selena Steele?"

"Not really. Not yet, anyway." I said. "There are just so many threads to follow, I'm just trying to find the time to keep up with all of it. And we looked into Selena back in the time of the Black Widow cases. I've got it on the list of things to work on, though."

Cindy was again peering at me, wondering what I was hiding from her. The fun thing was... I had just told her the God's-honest truth. Selena Steele was a back-burner issue for the time being.

"Okay." Cindy said. "There was one thing I was going to ask you. About Dora: by all accounts she was very liberal, majoring in 'Women's Studies' and all that. But she was part of a viciously racist white supremacy group called 'White Roots'."

"So you're saying that liberal Democrats can't be racists?" I countered. "Only Republicans can be racist?"

"No--" Cindy faltered. "No... I... well... I didn't mean it like that..."

"So Joanne Cummings is a racist?" I asked. "She and her family are very conservative, very Christian, definitely Republicans, too. But not racists."

"Okay, okay," Cindy said, trying to recover, "I said it the wrong way."

"I'm glad it was here in private, and just between us." I said. "Speaking of Texas, Laura is from Texas also. Did you know that the Texas Republican Party was founded by three whites... and 20 blacks? I need not even mention that the Ku Klux Klan was founded by Southern Democrats, nor that Southern Democrats tried to filibuster the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which was overcome by other Democrats... with Republican help."

I continued: "The problems is twofold, my friend: first, the Media labels the Republicans as racists; second, the Republicans don't fight back. They let themselves be pasted as racists, as women-haters, and so on. They're cowards, even worse... but I cannot say in front of a woman what I would like to call the Republicans. As you know, I am no fan of either political party."

"Yeah, I know." Cindy said, getting tired of my verbal lashing.

"Okay," I said, "you were saying about Dora Ellis?"

"Yes." Cindy said, getting back on track. "I was going to say that Dora went to Texas, a conservative State, and worked in banks there before coming to our State. I would not think someone majoring in Women's Studies would be working at banks."

"She was originally from California," I said, "which is not a conservative State. Her father is an insurance man in San Francisco. He's no conservative, nor a Republican, but a staunch Democrat. I know because I've been investigating him. And not that it's connected in any way to politics or political parties, but he's likely a member of the Superior Bloodlines group, which stays in the shadows, but is as deeply racist and even more dangerous than the open, public groups like the Klan or the stereotypically hick 'White Roots' people."

"So," I continued, "she obviously was working for her father. She did what he told her, whether it was to infiltrate a bank or work with drug gangs, or be a C.I. for a dirty cop like Susan Wexler."

"So, Mr. Iron Crowbar, whom not much gets by..." said Cindy, her sparkling eyes substituting for a grin, "who is going to be put up by the Republicans to oppose SBI Director Jack Lewis for Governor?"

"Admit it, you're just a political junkie!" I said with a grin. That got Cindy's eyes rolling and nearly got me cursed out. Me, I deal with the politics but I'm a political atheist. By way of contrast, Cindy actively hates the shenanigans of politics.

"Okay, just kidding." I said. "And the question is an interesting one... but far above my pay grade."

"They wanted you to run." Cindy said, her eyes twinkling again as she realized I'd gotten in a good one on her. "And I understand you telling them to pound sand. But you have to have thought about it." She was peering at me expectantly, trying to get something out of me.

"I wish you would work this hard on getting your paperwork done, Captain." I said with another grin. Again, Cindy was not amused.

I continued: "Yeah, I've thought about it. And my answer is that I would prefer to see Governor Jared run again, even though he has said he doesn't want to run for another term. Failing that... I'm not sure who the Republicans can put up against him."

"Well," Cindy said, "they'd better figure it out quick. By Hallowe'en at the latest. The Election is over a year away, but the Primaries are in March... and this is not some local race. "

"That's true. So..." I said, my own eyes peering at Cindy, "has Jenna decided to run against Krasney?"

"No." said Cindy, not bothering to ask how I was so certain of something that had not been mentioned publicly. "Meaning 'no, she's not going to do it this election cycle'. She doesn't feel like she has enough time to get organized, get support, and then campaign against her own boss and be able to win."

I fell into a near-reverie. "You know," I said, my voice sounding far away, "if I'm right, some things might open up for her, if she really wants to get into politics. Tell her... yeah, tell her to get her positions on things honed and into sound bites, and to start laying some groundwork, just to be prepared... and tell her to make sure she really wants to get into politics..."

My reverie was interrupted by a loud knock on my door. The Duty Desk Sergeant opened the door and looked in.

"Commander, Captain," she said, "we just got a call. A body has been found behind the Ladies Auxiliary Clubhouse building."

Part 3 - The Crime Scene 

"Ma'am," said Detective Joanne Cummings, "I'm sorry, but you can't be here."

"It's quite all right, young lady." said the old woman, who was wearing a shawl that partially covered her face even in the early Autumn warmth. "I'll be on my way. But please do ask your medical examiner to look into the age of those bruises on this poor woman's face."
