 John looked up from his computer as he noted the sound of someone entering his office. 

"Hey, we're getting pizza for lunch are you in?" Ally asked.

John grinned in spite of himself. Nothing brightened up his day like having Ally step through his door. She was fresh-faced, young and reminded him of Julia Stiles, one of his celebrity crushes.

"Well, it sure sounds better than the soup I was intending to have, sure I'll be in. Of course, I'll have to hold you personally responsible for the fact that I fail to meet my weight target."

"I can live with that, after all, you don't really need to lose it, as I keep telling you."

"Well, that might be your opinion, but I'm not getting any younger so I want to get on top of it now! Just see how easy it is to gain it when you reach my age some stupid number of years from now," he joked.

"Hey, I'm 21 this year thank you very much, you're not that much older than me you know," Ally replied.

"Yeah, well, enough, though at least not old enough to be your Dad!"

"Well not unless you got started at 13 or something! Even my Mum waited until she was 18," Ally laughed. "Anyway, what pizza do you want?" she asked.

John gave his order and watched her walk away from his door, her tight black pants clinging delightedly to her young, tight arse. Thoughts of cracking walnuts passed through his mind, as did thoughts of other, less wholesome, but infinitely more enjoyable pursuits.

John was immersed in his work when Ally next stuck her head around the corner to peek into his office and let him know that the pizza had been delivered.

"Do you want it delivered in here, or do you want to come outside with us mere mortals?" she asked him.

"I think I'll come outside and slum it," John laughed. Ally poked her tongue out at him in response, but then grinned as he rose from behind his desk to follow her. One of the joys of being the boss he decided was trying to stay on the right side of that thin line between joking with employees and offending them because they take something out of context. Fortunately he had a good team with a twisted sense of humour that like to laugh a lot. 

John followed Ally outside, his eyes, struggling not to remain permanently attached to the sight of her arse and they sat at the picnic table that was in the shade at the side of the building. As they ate, jokes were thrown back and forth leading to a point where someone commented that if life were a cliché they'd all be having more than pizza for lunch.

John laughed with everyone else, "Hell if that were the case, I should have ordered it to be delivered to the office, not out here!" he added.

"Well you'll never know if you don't get the order right," Ally laughed. John desperately wanted to slip his hand down to her thigh and caress it after that response, but held back, sure that he'd just get himself into the sort of trouble that would cost him his job. He glanced at Ally though, trying to gauge if there was anything other than a joke in her statement. Nothing he could pick he decided. He must just be extra horny today, because he was starting to read something into every little thing that Ally was saying. If he weren't careful, he'd give himself a boner and wouldn't be able to stand up at the end of the meal.

In the end, John excused himself to return to the office, where he day-dreamed briefly before plunging back into the pile of paperwork that was continually piling up on his desk.

"You're terrible!" Eve was saying to Ally later that day in the office next to John's.

"What do you mean?"

"You know! 'Well you'll never know if you don't get the order right'" she imitated. "You practically said that you'd play the pizza delivery role for John at lunch today! I mean, he's hot and all, but he's the boss." 

"Hey, I've seen the way he looks at you." Ally responded to the slight Asian girl sitting behind the desk in front of her. "The way he stares at your butt when you're not looking, I reckon he'd like to bend you over and give you one ..."

"Ally, you're disgusting!" laughed Eve, blushing at the thought of bending over before her boss so that he could enjoy her. "Anyway, he looks at you the same way, so I am sure that if you offered, you wouldn't' have to come and talk to me about it all the time," She countered with.

"Huh, if I thought he would I might just go in there and drop my panties on his desk. Geez, just talking about it gets me so toey I want to go and frig myself."

"I can't get over how brazen you are about it," laughed Eve. "God, if my Mum heard us talking she'd die of shock. "If I talked about sex like that in front of Mum, she'd disown me."

"Well knowing my Mum, if she had any idea about John she'd want a piece of him herself! I guess its just different upbringings or something, "

"I guess so," Anyway, I've got to get on with this, Eve replied, pointing to the mound of work beside her.

"Yeah, I should probably do some myself, if I can concentrate ..." Ally replied, turning away thoughtfully, a not-so-well hidden look of lust on her face. Eve smacked her butt as she stepped painfully slowly away from the work station

"Hey don't start what you won't finish," Ally called back, causing Eve to blush yet again.

A day or two later, John needed to go to the regional office to catch up on a couple of things and as usual, started checking around to see if there was any mail or other deliveries that need to be made.

"Hey Ally, anything to go to the Boudan office?" he asked.

"Actually, there is. There's a ute that needs to come back here and I've been trying to find a way to get up there to pick it up. When are you going? You could give me a ride back again."

"I'm going up tomorrow, staying the night and coming back the following day. Does that work for you?"

"Sure does, I'll just let Phil know what's going on."

"Alright, well I'll be leaving at 5am. You live around here don't you?" 

"Yep, just up the street."

"Well how about I pick you up on my way through then, that'll at least give you another 15 minutes to sleep before I get here."

"Sounds great, I'll be waiting out the front for you, but if I'm not there, knock on the window to the right of the front door."

"No problems. I'll see you at sparrow's tomorrow."

John walked away from Ally's desk barely containing a rising erection in his pants. The thought of three hours with Ally in the car so close to him was enough to start his blood boiling. Little did he know that Ally spent most of the rest of the day squirming in her seat with little else on her mind than the fact that she'd have three hours in the car with the boss whom she'd been lusting after.

John started when his alarm went off, cursing these early morning starts before remembering what the day held in store for him. He hurriedly showered and dressed, resisting the urge to get himself off before grabbing his over-night bag and jumping into the car to begin the day's usually arduous drive. 

As he pulled into Ally's street he felt his cock rising and cursed himself, hoping that he could survive this trip without giving too much away. When he pulled up outside the house, he discovered that Ally wasn't out the front yet. He thought about jumping straight out to go an knock on the window a fantasy of getting to peek inside and catch her changing dancing in his mind, but decided that he'd better wait just a bit. Only a minute later he saw the door open and Ally walked out, wearing tight jeans and a blue company shirt.

"I really should do something about the girls' company uniform," John thought to himself. "Those shirts really weren't flattering and a nice tight-fitting lycra number would look hot!" He fought against the rising sensation that came with images of Ally sleekly dressed surging through his mind and instead jumped out of the car to open the door for her so that she could get into the car. He took Ally's bag and placed it behind the seat for her.

"Why thank you," Ally said, grinning as John got back into the car.

"No problem at all Miss," John returned, laughing.

The first hour of the drive passed uneventfully, both Ally and John still reeling a little from the early start. The radio was on, but the breakfast shift hadn't started and there wasn't a lot to talk about. As the sun began to rise over the barren landscape to the east, the breakfast announcers came on the radio, the music picked up a little and John and Ally chatted amiably about various bands, discovering that they liked a lot of the same music.

It was about another hour into the drive that a discussion came on the radio about sex and things started to get interesting. There was a talk back segment on some of the outrageous things that people had tried and John couldn't' help but wonder how much of it Ally would do. 

Ally started to ask John whether he had tried the various things that callers were ringing up with from skinny dipping to having sex in a tree. John was suddenly conscious of the fact that Ally was an employee though and tried to be evasive. Ally pushed though and John found himself struggling to keep his eyes on the road as his erection swelled in his pants and he tried to fend off more probing questions. At the same time though, Ally was offering up information about some of her exploits and John was amazed to hear that she had kissed one of her girl friends. John found himself shifting uncomfortably in his seat at that and Ally laughed uproariously as he struggled to accommodate his erection.

John constantly found himself wishing that he could reach over and caress one of Ally's small breasts or that she'd just reach over and grab his cock to give him a sign that she wanted it, but knew that as a responsible employer he simply couldn't do that.

By the time that they got to the regional office, Ally had pried enough out of John that she knew he was no angel, but there were a few things that he'd been pretty evasive on that she'd have liked to confirm. Like if he'd ever slept with a co-worker.

The two of them disembarked from the car in the office car park and Ally adjusted her slimy underwear and John fought to contain himself from visible embarrassment. 

"Well, I've got meetings for most of the day, so I guess I'll catch up with you later on. I guess you're driving back today?"

"Actually, I've got some things that need to be sorted out here, so I thought that I'd stay the night and drive back tomorrow," Ally said a little sheepishly, not wanting it to come off like she was bludging a night out of town on the company whilst knowing that it really was one of the reasons. There wasn't much for her to do up here at all, she had simply wanted a break from the routine."

"Excellent," John said, more enthusiastically than he'd intended and letting the fact that his employee wasn't really going to contribute anything for the day slide (lucky she's so cute, he thought to himself, anyone else would be likely to get a bollocking for doing that). "I assume you booked us in to the same place then?"

"Of course. Does this mean that you're going to take me out to dinner?" Ally asked cheekily, grinning at having managed to get away with her overnight stay.

"Hell why not, I'll end up paying one way or another, I might as well have your company in return," John laughed.

"Well at least you said it like it was a good thing and not a punishment," Ally retorted, winking as she walked away towards the ladies room.

"I'll meet you here at five then and we can head over together since you don't have wheels now," John offered.

"Cool, see you then." Ally replied.

John shut down the laptop and packed up for the day. Just as he was closing the cover, Ally walked up 

"Ready for a night on the town?" she asked.

"Night on the town? In Boudan?" John laughed. There were only about 500 people living in the town and other than a couple of pubs, there wasn't really any night life to speak of."

"Hey, sometimes you have to take the party with you, or are you too old to remember that?" Ally teased.

"Must be, because when I come up here, I just like to go for a dip in the pool, grab a bottle of wine and watch the sun set over the water while I have dinner."

"Well, you do actually manage to make that sound tempting," Ally said. John grabbed his laptop and said goodnight to the local employees before heading out the door with Ally to go to the motel, which over-looked the gulf.

"What do you mean there's only one room?" John asked with surprise in his voice, anger threatening to bubble over. Ally simply stood to the side, watching the encounter. Apparently there was a double booking and one of them had missed out on a room. John was furious that they'd let it happen, because he was such a regular there.

"Come on Ally," he said, "We'll go find somewhere else to stay in town."

"Well, we could always just share the room, we're only here for one night after all," Ally said as John started to turn and leave. "Besides all the other motels up here are supposed to be crappy, its why you always stay here."

"Really? Share the room? I suppose we could do that ... there's a sofa bed in there isn't there?" he said, directing the question at the clerk.

"Yes, Sir, there is," the young girl replied. 

"Well I tell you what, we don't pay for the room and we'll share it. It only seems fair since its your stuff up." Ally frantically indicated to the clerk from behind John where he couldn't see that she would fix the bill up. After all, she'd spent an hour convincing them to tell John that there weren't any other rooms so that she could get him in exactly this situation. She hadn't thought about the reputation of the motel. Not that she really cared now!

John and Ally left reception and drove the car around to the room. "Well at least we got one with a sea view," John said, grabbing both their bags and lugging them up the stairs. Ally turned the key in the lock and opened the door. John carried the bags inside and Ally went through to open the curtains and reveal the sea. John turned on the air conditioning to start cooling the room down. After all, it was 35C outside!

"So are we going swimming before or after dinner?" Ally asked, turning to John.

"Well, I'm pretty hungry and I need something of an early night, so how about we have dinner and go from there?"

"Sounds great, mind if I have a shower and change first?" Ally asked.

"Not at all, a shower sounds like a great idea, I might have one when you're done."

Ally opened her bag and grabbed some things out of it while John grabbed a beer from the mini-bar and turned on the TV, sitting down with the remote to flick through the channels and see what was on.

"Hey this is great! This shower is huge! And there's two shower heads!" John heard Ally call from the bathroom. He knew that they didn't have that in the rooms that the other members of the company stayed in. It was one of the perks of being a regular; these days they usually upgraded his room for him. At least it had been his room and not Ally's that they'd left alone.

"Your turn," he heard Ally say as she came down the short hallway past the bedroom from the bathroom. He looked up as she approached and had to work hard not to let his jaw hit the ground. Ally was wearing a bright red top that clung to her skin, highlighting the small yet enticing curve of her breasts and a short black skirt that dropped to her knees with a jagged and asymmetrical hemline. She was drying her hair with a towel as John stood, all too conscious of the reaction that the sight of her had caused in his pants.

Ally was thrilled by the reaction that she noted on John's face as she strolled barefoot down the carpeted hall. She was even happier as she spied his crotch when he stood up. The towelling of her hair gave her a good distraction from which she could peek and it was obvious that John was erect in his pants. She felt herself moisten at the thought and started wondering how she was going to get this to conclude the way she wanted it to – hot, sweaty and naked!

John let the cool water wash over him, desperately tempted to take his tension into his hands and relieve himself, yet secretly hoping that if he held off he would find another way before the night was over. He couldn't help but stroke himself a little as he thought about how hot Ally had looked. How was he going to survive sitting through dinner with her sitting by him looking like that?

"Hey, don't take too long in there, a girl could starve!" he heard Ally yell from behind the door, breaking him from his reverie. He turned off the shower and grabbed a towel, only then realising that he'd brought no fresh clothes with him. He wrapped the towel about his waist when he was dry and strode back to the other room. The bed area was partitioned by half a wall and an opaque sliding door from the living area of the room. John grabbed his bag and pulled the door closed so that he could change. 

Ally sat on the bed, watching as he first came down the passage and then changed. She couldn't make out more than a fuzzy shadow as John got naked and then dressed again, but it was enough to make her rub her crotch as she waited for him. John emerged from the room in a navy blue t-shirt and a pair of cargo shorts and sandals.

"Can't say I quite prepared for such a dressy affair, you'll just have to put up with me like this," he offered, as Ally looked him up and down.

"Oh, I think you'll do," she laughed, jumping up off the bed and heading for the door.

They ate at the only Indian restaurant in town, which as always, surprised John at just how good it was. Ally was reluctant to eat curry and opted for the alternate Aussie menu that was offered. John spent the entire meal trying to cast surreptitious glances at Ally's breasts and Ally kept steering the conversation towards suggestive and sex related topics. 

"Right well I've eaten more than I need to," John declared, leaning back from the table and finishing his glass of wine. 

"Me too," Ally replied "Excuse me while I go to the loo?" She stood up and went to the ladies room. Just before she left the bathrooms to return to the table, she checked herself in the mirror, making sure that she was happy with how hot she looked. She glanced at her chest, wishing once more that her breasts were larger and yet happy at the same time that in this heat she could get away without a bra. She ran her hands across her small mounds and then pulled and pinched her nipples until they stood out firmly against the fabric, now clearly visible. 

Satisfied, she returned to the table. John couldn't help but notice her nipples as she approached the table and sat down again before asking if he was ready to return to their room.

"You make it sound so saucy," he laughed, quoting back at her. "'Our room'"

"Well, maybe it is saucy," she replied, winking at him as he signalled the waiter over to get the bill. "So can I talk you into a sunset swim?" Ally asked upon their return to the room.

"Sure, I could use the stress relief," John replied. "I'll just get my togs on."

"No problem, I'll get changed in the bathroom." Ally grabbed something from her bag (John assumed it to be her swimming costume) and headed for the bathroom. Once there, she stripped off her clothes. She left her white cotton panties on and grabbed a matching bra from her bag before slipping a t-shirt on over her head. Then she wrapped herself in a towel and headed out. 

John was waiting for her by the door and preceded her down the stairs. When he reached the bottom, he turned to wait for her, glancing back up. To his disappointment, he didn't see any more than a towel and knew that he'd have to wait just a bit longer to find what it was that she'd be swimming in. He didn't have time to work it out or think on it though, because she was quickly next to him. They went to the pool and John held the gate for her as they entered. Surprisingly, John thought, for a full motel, the pool was devoid of other swimmers. 
