 How much better can this evening get? 

I am almost asleep in the tub, I don’t hear anything at all but the faint music in the background and the jets of the tub. I sense that you have gotten out of the tub but I am just in heaven and don’t want to move. Then I feel you raise me up and help me from the tub, you wrap me in a big terry cloth robe and move me to the bed, I get in and you pull the covers over me. I just lay there with you next to me and I drift off into a very pleasant and restful sleep. 

I awake to you rubbing my naked body, you have removed the robe and are pouring warm almond oil all over my back and buttocks. The room is warm and the scents from the candles and the oils are so wonderful. I just lay there and let your hands run all over me from my head to my toes and even in between my toes! You are rubbing my feet and is feels sooooo good, then someone leans over and kisses the back of my neck! 

I jump a bit, how can you be rubbing my feet and kissing my neck? I raise my head and there he is, he is tall and has dark hair and a very bright smile. His name is Peter he says and gives me a great kiss right on the lips. You continue to rub my feet. Peter rubs my shoulder and neck and plays with my hair, he is giving me chills it feels so good! You both continue to rub my entire body for what seems like hours! I love every second of it. You gently roll me over and lay on top of me and hug me and kiss me, you look into my eyes to make sure that I am ready for all of this. I smile back at you and you kiss me. You are rubbing your naked body on mine and I can feel your hardness, you slip your cock into my wet pussy easily, you slide it in and out slowly as you kiss me and hold me. 

Peter is next to us on the bed watching with approval in his eyes. I look over at him and watch him as he strokes his cock, it is a glorious cock, just the right shape and size, I reach over for him and draw him closer to us. I lean over and take the head of his cock into my mouth, you groan and shove your cock into me harder and deeper. Peter starts to fuck my mouth slowly, you lean over and lick the shaft of his cock, now he is moaning, I can taste the warm precum in my mouth. I pull away from him and kiss you so you can share the flavor with me. You look into my eyes as we kiss and smile! 

You reluctantly pull your cock from pussy, you are kneeling above me, Peter comes over and lets your cock drop into his mouth, he sucks all of my juices from it, you gently put your hand on his head to guide him. He then turns his attentions to me, he gets down between my legs and starts to lick my clit and my pussy, he is gentle, it feels so good. I raise my hips to meet his tongue, I don’t want his tongue to leave my pussy at all. He slides it all the way down and circles the entrance of my ass, he pushes just the tip of his tongue in, it is driving me crazy!! In the mean time you are kissing my neck and lips and nipples and caressing my breasts watching him lick my shaved clit. 

I finally just can’t take anymore, I want to feel the both of you inside of me! He lays down on his back and I climb onto his rock hard cock, my pussy is so wet and so ready is completely envelopes him immediately, I start to ride him slowly getting the feel of him inside of me. I turn around to see you standing there, watching me fuck Peter’s cock, I am ready for you now. You move in, I stop moving so that you can get your cock into my ass. I can feel the head against my ass, I want it so badly! You press just the head in and let me get used to it, the feel of 2 cocks inside of me, I am going to cum! 

You then thrust your cock all the way into my ass, I scream out as I cum all over Peter’s cock. You both move slightly just enough to add to my pleasure. It feels so good. As I start to come down from my high, you both start to move, you get a great rhythm going. Just the thought of your 2 cocks so close together, your balls slapping against him and me at the same time……it feels so good, I can tell you are going to cum soon. I look at Peter and he has a very intense look on his face, I lean down and tell him to shoot his load into me, deep into my pussy! 

He smiles but then gets intense again, he is going to cum, I turn around to see you, your eyes closed your hands on my hips, you are starting to fuck me harder which is really getting Peter going even more! He can feel you as you slide almost all the way out of me and then ram it back in! 

Watching you and then watching him has pushed me over the edge, I just let the 2 of you move me the way you want, it feels so good, I can feel my cum dripping out of my pussy onto Peter, and so can he that does it for him, he throws his head back and lets out an almost animalistic groan, I can feel him shoot his load into me, it feels so good, you can’t take anymore and finally you let go too and cum in my hot ass. Having these 2 wonderful men cum inside of me at the same time is just too much and I cum again. We all fall exhausted, I am laying on Peter and you are behind me on your side. Once we all catch our breath we retreat to the hot tub. We drink more wine and have some finger sandwiches and just talk and we do a little kissing and touching in the tub, but we need to regain our strength for part 3 and we all know it!