 Birthday Party

It was a Saturday night in October, close to Halloween. Shane, my super-sexy next door neighbor was celebrating his thirtieth birthday and Vale, his wife, was throwing him a costume party. 

"Wow, thanks for inviting me to the party," I told Vale as she led me into the backyard. It was a cool night, just perfect for the bonfire they had going on behind their house, which was now decorated with black balloons and streamers. 

Without warning, she pulled me to the side of her garage, pushed me against the wall and ran a finger over my cleavage. I was dressed like Little Red Riding Hood. A very sexy Little Red Riding Hood. 

"When I decided to throw this party, you were the first person I thought of," she murmured. "We both miss you." 

Then she grabbed me by the chin and captured my lips with hers. Her tongue slid into my mouth, stroking mine slowly with the promise of more to come.

"Mm...you taste good," I whispered breathlessly, as she released me.

Like a lime Margarita. 

"I'd really like to finish this later," she whispered, running a hand under my skirt, up my thigh to my red silk panties. She traced the edge of the material, teasing my erogenous zone, making my panties wet. "Feels like you do, too."

I released my breath as she removed her hand and pulled me back around to where the rest of her guests were listening to music and chatting. It had been awhile since I'd tasted a woman's pussy but I still remembered hers from two months ago; a curly brown mound with a sweet musky taste. I groaned, thinking about her.

Fuck, was I ever horny...

As I followed her to the bonfire, I admired her Sorceress costume from the back. It was short, black, hugged her voluptuous curves, and showed off her toned legs. With her wavy brown hair, and pert little nose, she was a gorgeous woman; one with pinkish brown nipples that I now wanted to bite and tease with my tongue until she whimpered for me to stop. 

Chill out Ashley, I told myself, ignoring the hunger pangs between my legs. Good things come to those who wait.

"Oh, I want you to meet this couple," she murmured, grabbing my hand. 

I shrugged. "Okay."

We stopped near an older couple, somewhere in their fifties, and she introduced me.

"Lola and Bill. This is our lovely neighbor I was telling you about," she said, putting a firm arm around my waist.

I raised my eyebrows, wondering what exactly she'd told them about me. I mean, it couldn't have been much. I was eighteen, had fucked her pussy with my tongue while she'd blown her hunky husband. Well, I guess I did babysit for them a couple of times. 

It was all good.

Bill was tall with grayish black hair and was actually quite buff for an older guy. I could tell he worked out by his broad shoulders and narrow waist. He held out his hand and I slipped mine into it.

"Very nice to meet you," he said, giving it an extra squeeze.

Aha...from the hungry look in his eyes, he wanted to meet more of me. This would be an interesting night.

I smiled innocently and removed my hand from his tight grasp. "You too."

"We've heard marvelous things about you," murmured his wife Lola. She was a red-head like me, with short spiky hair, large breasts and a nose ring. I stared at it in awe. It was rare to see a woman in her fifties with a nose ring. I was even more shocked when she said something to Vale and I could see a ring in her tongue, as well.

Oh, my...Kinky. 

"Oh, there's Shane," said Vale. "He's been waiting for you, too."

It was Shane's birthday but I was starting to feel like the star of the party from everyone's interest. About ten pairs of eyes followed us as we moved towards Shane who was in a large Jacuzzi with two other women and a heavier set man. From the look in Shane's blue eyes, he was already tipsy from the margarita he was drinking.

"Hey sexy," said Shane as I stepped closer. "Glad you could make it."

I smiled, and pulled my long red hair to the side. "Thanks for inviting me. Happy Birthday."

He nodded. "Of course."

Vale squeezed my hand. "Would you like to get into the Jacuzzi? We just bought it and I have to say, it feels marvelous on the bod."

It did look inviting and I'd never been in one. I sighed. "Actually, I would, but I don't have a swim suit."

Shane pointed to the two women next to him. "Lisa and Monica just wore their bra and panties."

I licked my lips. "I um...there wasn't any room in my costume for a bra."

My breasts barely fit inside as it was. I'd been cursed and blessed with large breasts. They usually got me lots of attention, wanted and unwanted. 

"Perfect," chuckled Shane. "These two were just talking about going braless as well. Now they'll have to just so you won't feel inhibited. 

He had to have known there was nothing inhibited about me. In fact, the idea of being naked around these people was beginning to turn me on; especially, after Vale had ignited the fire between my legs when I first arrived. I was just happy my mom was over at her boyfriends. She would have been pissed.

I shrugged. "I'm game."

Shane smiled again and I felt my stomach flutter. I knew it was wrong but I had a major crush on Vale's husband. Not only did he have a fucking hot body, but I couldn't get his blue eyes and deep dimples out of my head. I'd fantasized about him so many times in the past couple of months, especially after seeing him naked. I'd wanted him desperately but he was Vale's husband and I wasn't sure if she was down with him fucking another woman. 

"I'll take your clothes," said Vale. "So you don't get them ruined."

There were about twenty guests drinking and partying around the fire, not paying much attention. It was getting dark and the Jacuzzi was half-hidden behind a gazebo. I took off my high heels and then removed my skirt, handing them to Vale, who was staring at my red thong in appreciation. She probably remembered going down on me the first time we'd met. Seeing the look in her eyes, I was happy I'd trimmed my pubes into a little red landing strip. The image of her tongue running through it was enough to soak my panties. The other two women removed their bras and I licked my lips, appreciating the way their breasts peaked out from the bubbles. One of them, Lisa, was almost as voluptuous as me and Monica had breasts the size of small round apples. Both had extremely hot bodies.

I watched in amusement as Shane tried not to show too much interest in their tits, but he was a man. I figured he was already ready to explode under the jet streams.

I smiled. "Here goes nothing."

Then I removed my Little Red Riding cape and finally my top.

"That's what I'm talking about," giggled Vale as I handed her my clothes.

"Come on in," said Shane, his eyes following my bouncing tits as he moved over to make room. Aware that they were jiggling as I moved and my ass probably stood out like two half pale moons because of my thong, I tried hurrying into the hot tub. Unfortunately, I lost my balance and slipped, falling onto the heavier-set guy's lap.

"Whoa," he said, helping me move over, but not before he'd gotten a handful of my tits. His face was flushed and full of pleasure as he stared into mine. "You okay?"

I nodded. "Thanks."

"I should say thank you," he laughed. "I haven't had a woman jump on me like that in years."

The others laughed and I smiled.

"I'm Rick, by the way," he said. "I came with these two," he said, pointing to the women in the tub.

Really?

"Nice to meet you," I answered, sinking into the water until my boobs were covered by the bubbles.

"Would you like a drink?" asked Shane, who was now sitting so close our legs were almost touching.

I nodded. "I'll take whatever you're having."

"I'll bring you one," said Vale, walking away with my costume. "I'll get you a towel, too. I'm sure you're going to be very wet getting out."

Shane smiled wickedly. "Let's hope."

I laughed. 

We started talking about my college and Vale brought out a margarita for me, then went to take care of other guests.

"This is yummy," I said, drinking the citrusy cocktail. 

"They can be dangerous in a hot tub," said Shane. "Sip it slowly or I'll have to carry you out."

I nodded and took another drink. The lime and tequila made me feel warm and fuzzy. 

"Everyone's going into the house," I said, noticing the party moving inside.

"Looks like we'll just have to have our own party, out here," smiled Shane.

"Sounds good to me," I answered.

"I like the color you painted your toenails," said Shane, grabbing my leg so my toes were out of the water. "What's that? Bubble gum pink?"

"It is."

He moved closer and whispered into my ear. "They match your nipples."

I cupped my breasts, lifted them above the water and looked down. "I believe you're right."

Staring at my breasts, he licked his lips and dropped my leg back into the water. A few seconds later, his hand was back on my leg and he began caressing my outer thigh. We were sitting so close, I'm sure nobody even knew. 

I turned to him and licked my own lips.

His eyes burned into mine as his hand slid over the top of my leg until it was now caressing my inner thigh, making me so excited, my legs began to tremble.

I moved closer "What about Vale?" I whispered into his ear.

He smiled wickedly. "She doesn't mind one bit. What do you think is happening in the house?"

I looked at the house and imagined the orgy taking place inside. 

Oh my God.

I looked towards Shane's lap. I had to touch him, feel his arousal. I lowered my hand under the water and grabbed hold of his hard cock, which seemed even bigger than I remembered. My pussy twitched hungrily, wanting him now, thrusting in and out while I rubbed my clit.

"So, how do you like it?" asked Rick, from across the hot tub.

I raised my eyebrows. "What?" He laughed. "The hot tub?"

"I love it," I murmured, now stroking the length of Shane's cock. 

"Nothing like slipping into something... warm and wet," he said, sliding his fingers to my panties. "Best feeling in the world."

"Yeah," I answered in a breathless whisper, anticipating his fingers inside of me.

I watched as the two girls began kissing Rick and I let out a small moan, so totally turned on by what was now happening.

"Come here," whispered Shane, moving me over his leg so he was now behind me and I was sitting between his legs. He began squeezing my breasts with one hand and rubbing my clit with the other.

"Fuck," murmured Rick as one girl pulled out his cock from his shorts and began stroking it while the other trailed her tongue down his neck. 

"Oh, God," I moaned as Shane stuck two of his fingers into my pussy and began wiggling and fucking me with them. 

"Feel good?" he whispered in my ear, biting and licking my lobe.

"Yes," I whimpered as his fingers rubbed my clit.

"You want me to fuck you?" he asked, flicking his tongue inside of my ear, making me even hotter.

I threw my head back against his shoulder, my long red hair falling over him while he squeezed my tits and rubbed my pussy. "Yes, I want you to fuck me."

"I will, but not yet," he said. "You're going to cum first."

I was ready to cum, as it was, especially now watching Lisa riding Rick's cock while Monica played with her pussy on the ledge of the hot tub, watching all of us. "Won't take long."

Rick stared at my chest while squeezing Lisa's nipples. "Fuck, I love big fucking tits," he growled, licking his lips. 

Shane's hands grasped mine even harder, making me squeal. "Sorry," he said huskily, "I can't help myself. Fuck you're such a hot little thing."

Just when I thought I was going to explode, I was so turned on by everything, Shane lifted me out of the water and placed me on the other ledge with my legs spread. He then lowered his face and attacked my pussy with his tongue.

"Yes," I moaned as he sucked my clit.

"You're so wet," he murmured, making loud sucking noises as he lapped my pussy.

I grabbed his hair and pushed him closer to my slit. "Yeah, that's it. Keep doing that."

He slid his fingers back inside of me and began thrusting in and out, in and out while he ate me. "Cum for me," he demanded. "Come on little pussy. Let me taste your sweetness."

"Oh...God..." I cried out as his tongue sped up and his fingers worked their magic. Soon I was crying out as I exploded all over his lips. 

"Mm..." he whispered, sucking the juices into his mouth. "That's it. Good girl."

When I finally caught my breath he pulled me back into the water, straight down on his throbbing cock, cowgirl style, so I could watch the other threesome as I rode him. He felt so thick and hard, I actually whimpered from the pressure inside of my pussy. 

"Ride my cock," he growled, grabbing my breasts, squeezing hard. "Come on girl."

"Yeah," groaned Rick as the two girls licked and sucked his cock. He was on the ledge now, lying on his back and both girls were between his legs, using their tongues all over his hairy sack and curved cock. 

"Feels so good," I moaned as Shane grabbed my hips, making me slide even faster up and down his rod. "Oh, God!"

"Ride my cock. That's it, fuck me...squeeze your pussy...oh yeah..." he groaned as I clenched the walls of my pussy around him, grappling his cock. "Holy, shit."

I began rubbing my pussy as the two girls devoured Rick's cock. Pretty soon his mouth twisted into a look of pure ecstasy. "I'm going to cum," he growled, just as he shot his load all over the girl's lips and tongues. 

Seeing him explode on the girls and with the rubbing of my clit, I screamed as a second orgasm slammed through my own body. As I clenched up, Shane groaned and pulled out of me, ready to shoot his own load. I turned around and took him in my mouth, sucking furiously. He stiffened up and then shuddered as his salty load rushed into my mouth and down my throat.

"Yeah, swallow it," he grunted. 

And I did. I swallowed and sucked until he pulled away, much too sensitive to be in my mouth anymore.

When it was over, we all grabbed our drinks and stared at each other, sated and exhausted. 

"That was... amazing," said Tina.

I nodded and took a drink of the margarita. "It was. Did you cum?" I asked Tina. I knew Monica had cum a few times. She worked her pussy better than I could have.

She smiled. "Almost."

I put my drink back down and moved over to her. "Well, that's not really fair."

She shrugged. "I'm okay with that."

"Have you ever been with a woman?" I asked.

She licked her lips. "Um, no."

"It's amazing," I whispered, now straddling her lap, our breasts touching in the water.

"I bet," she answered softly. She stared into my eyes as I moved my hands to her breasts. "I just... haven't... had the chance."

I raised one of her heavy breasts and began twirling my tongue around the puckered pink nipple. "You do now."

"Oh, God," she moaned, as I bit her nipple playfully and twirled it around with my teeth.

"I'm going to eat your pussy until you beg me to stop," I whispered, sucking on her other nipple. "Lick it and bury my face inside. Do you want me to eat you?" 

Her eyes were large as she stared at me. As soon as she nodded, I pushed her out of the water and got between her legs.

"Yes," she whimpered as my tongue stroked her clit. "Oh, my God."

"You like that?" I asked, touching her hole with my finger. I slowly slid it inside and she cried out. 

"Yes," she moaned.

I stuck two fingers inside of her and flicked my tongue around, teasing and sucking on her drenched swollen clit. She was so wet and hot for my mouth, I smiled.

She grabbed her breasts and began kneading them "Yes, please, keep doing that."

My tongue sped up and my fingers began rubbing and stretching inside of her pussy. Soon she was grinding her mound in my face as I sucked and licked her clit greedily. "That's it," I demanded. "Cum on my fucking lips, let me taste that pussy."

Our eyes met and she cried out, bucking against my mouth as I tried to suck her clit while she came. "Yes," she whimpered. "Eat my pussy. Oh my God...yeah!"

As her orgasm ended and she began to relax, I felt hands around my waist, pulling me backwards. This time Monica moved in front of me and began kneading and sucking on my tits. 

"Oh, that was so hot," she whispered, flicking her tongue on my hard nipple. "I want to eat your pussy, now. Make you cum all over my face..."

"Do it," growled Rick, coming up behind us. His hand grabbed my other breast and squeezed. "Then I'm going to bend both of you over and fuck you until you can't walk anymore."

I licked my lips and smiled as her hand moved between my legs. "Well, how can I say no to all of that?