 I decide to go to the bed and take a cat nap. I crawl into the bed, the cool sheets feel wonderful on my wet skin. Once my head hits the pillow I realize just how exhausted I am! I drift off once again to sleep to the sound of the Jacuzzi. 

I start to wake up with the sensations that someone is next to me. I pry my eyes open and there you are, laying on your back with your head back and your eyes closed, Peter is sucking on your very hard cock, I moan and move my head to your neck, I nuzzle you and watch at Peter does an excellent job of showing off for us. He can completely deep throat you and I can tell every time the head of your cock hits the back of his throat because you jump a bit. I finally can’t stand it anymore...I have to taste you. I slide my way down your chest, kissing every bit of you as I go. I make sure to pay special attention to your very sensitive nipples, I love the way it feels when I flick my tongue over the tip of them and I can feel them start to stiffen. 

I finally make it all the way down to your belly, Peter has been watching me the whole time and he knows how badly I need your cock right now! He offers the head to me, I greedily wrap my lips around it, I just hold it in my mouth and savor the feelings! Peter has lowered himself down to your balls, as I am sliding my hot wet mouth up and down your shaft he is licking and sucking on your balls, he allows his tongue to slip down even further towards your ass, I can always tell he is doing this because I can taste the precum continuously dripping out of you! 

Then Peter raises his head and licks his middle finger, we smile at each other, he lowers his hand and gently slides his finger into you, then the two of us take turns sucking on your cock, Peter and I both know that you are very close...Peter decides to take over the situation. He gets behind me and raises my hips up off of the bed. I continue to suck your cock, I then look up at you and ask you “do you want to lick my pussy for me?" of course you want to! Just then Peter slides into me in one smooth motion, it feels soooo good!

I continue to look at you, “do you really want to lick my pussy” you once again say “yes, but I want to lick it after Peter has cum inside of you” That right there does it for me, I start to cum all over Peter’s hard cock, my muscles are gripping him, I want more of him in me, he starts to fuck me hard and deeper. “Mmmm, cum in my pussy so my other lover can lick me clean!” 

I can feel Peter starting to cum, I love it when I can actually feel a man cuming inside of me, there is just no feeling like it in the world!! I push back against him wanting every drop! You see how much I am enjoying it and you know Peter is cuming inside of my, you can’t wait to get your face in between my legs!! I can feel your cock growing even harder I know you are going to cum, Peter pulls out of me and I pull you on top of me but I still have your cock in my mouth, we get into a 69 position and you start to lick my clit and then the lips of my pussy...tasting my cum and Peter’s together you start to cum as soon as you drive your tongue deep into me getting the full taste!! 

You continue to cum, you pull your cock out of my mouth and cum on my lips and my cheeks...you try to get your tongue into me deeper, just the thought of you licking the cum of another man from pussy is just so hot! I push your head down on me harder, I am going to cum all over your face, don’t stop!! You are rubbing your cock on my face, your cum still dripping from the very tip!!

I finally cant take it anymore!! I grind my pussy into your face and I cum hard!! 

Then once I start to relax and come off of my high you come up to my face and kiss me deeply so that I can taste you and you can taste me! Peter is sitting next to us watching, just stroking his semi hard cock, he has a gleam in his eye, what does he have planned for us now?