 So where was I? Oh yes, Nick and I were in the midst of a five-some with Holly, Riley, and their friend Adina. I had just finished fucking Holly from behind and watched as my cum leaked out of her pussy. The thought of diving in and sucking my own cum out of her open cunt was becoming increasingly alluring, but I was not ready to move so soon after that powerful orgasm that had deposited said cum in Holly. So I just sat back and admired her wondrous, round, pale ass. It looked so smooth and was slightly red from the pounding I had just given her. I looked up along her smooth body to where her head was jostling about in Adina's lap as she ate her out. Adina was leaning back so her massive tits were very prominent as they hung slightly to her sides and jiggled as her entire body gyrated and rolled from Holly's oral ministrations. Her mouth hung open as she yelled "YOU'RE MAKING ME CUM!"

With Holly's amazing ass and Adina's incredible tits both in my view my cock began returning to full hardness, though it had hardly gone down at all. I began thinking of where I was going to put it next when a tall ginger man and a short Latina walked into the room, both completely naked. Holly greeted them, revealing their names as Jared and Maria respectively. They insisted that we join them out in the dorm and Maria quickly turned and bounced out into the hall, showing everyone her beautifully plump ass as it jiggled with each step. Holly and I helped Adina to her feet then Holly took my hand and led me out into the hallway.

The first thing I noticed was the noise. I'm not sure any description of hearing at least a hundred people fucking throughout a building could do it justice. Watching porn with 5.1 surround sound couldn't even compare. My hearing was overwhelmed by the various moans and groans, yelps and screams, and even the slapping of flesh mixed in with it all. 

"Ooooooh yess!"

"Fuck, fuck, FUCKFUUUUCKK!"

"Pussy so fucking tight, uuuuugggghhh!"

"Ride it baby, ride it!"

"OH MY GOD MY PUSSY! FUCK IT FEELS SO GOOD!"

My mouth just hung open as Holly held my hand and led me through the halls along with Riley, Adina, Jared, and Maria. Adina and Maria were ahead of us and I found myself mesmerized as Maria's bodacious, brown ass cheeks jiggled hypnotically with each step. Though Adina had rather small hips and thus barely any ass at all it was no less hot. It was as if I had a side-by-side comparison of the two extremes of the butt spectrum, and both I would be more than happy to bend over as I fucked them.

While staring at the two girl's asses I saw a couple fucking on the floor. A thin guy with mousy black hair sat against the wall while a girl with a blonde ponytail rode him reverse cow-girl. Her large tits, comparable to Holly's, bounced beautifully on her chest. 

I watched that couple for a moment as we passed them, then looked up into one of the rooms we were passing. The door was wide open and in the room I saw a pile of two women and five guys on the floor. Both girls were being fucked from behind while sucking off another guy. I was surprised to see the fifth guy standing between two of the men fucking the girls as they took turns sucking his cock. 

I barely had time to process that scene before we passed another open room, this one occupied by two girls in a sixty-nine on the floor while on one of the beds a curvy redhead was riding someone I couldn't see because of the angle. 

"Is it...usually like this?" I asked Holly, finally turning back to her. I had to make sure my voice was directed at her to make sure she could hear me over the constant sex noises. 

"On most weekends. And some weekdays," she said with a smile. 

We came to an elevator and as we entered Holly began stroking my cock, which had been hard since leaving the room. I suddenly realized that I had been so mesmerized by what was happening in the halls it hadn't occurred to me to ask where we were going.

"So, where are we going? If I may ask," I said as Holly continued stroking my cock.

"Going to meet my friend Shawn," Maria answered. "He said to meet him on the fifth floor common area."

When the elevator opened up to the fifth floor I was greeted by pretty much the same scene as what was on the second floor. Along the long hall there were three couples fucking and two threesomes. One couple was standing and fucking against the wall with the guy holding the girl up by her legs with her back to the wall. Another couple was lying on the floor fucking missionary, while further down another had the guy lying flat on the floor as the girl rode his dick. One threesome was three girls entwined together as they sucked each other's pussies. The other threesome had a girl being spit-roasted like the two girls in the room below. As we passed the rooms I saw that a few were empty, as they would be considering the combinations I saw in the rooms that did have people. In one I saw what had to have been more than a dozen people all crammed in there fucking each other. I couldn't even see the beds. 

"Heya Shawn!" Maria greeted as we walked into the common area. The common area was pretty much identical on each floor of each dorm building. It was a pretty wide room that took up one corner of the building. Two large windows looked out onto the rest of the campus or in the case of this dorm the woods behind it. The room had three couches, two futons, and two ottomans. In front of each couch was a coffee table, and on one wall was a sizable flat-screen TV. 

The two futons were pulled open, and on one was who I assumed was Shawn along with three other girls. One of whom he was fucking behind when we arrived while the other two were locked in a sixty-nine. The girl Shawn was fucking had a lithe and tanned body and black hair she had tied in a long ponytail that waved and bounced with each thrust. She had smallish tits that barely hung from her chest at all but still jiggled as Shawn fucked her supple body. 

Shawn himself was skinny but toned and had dark mocha skin. His hair was a little wild, not quite an afro but he had obviously gone without a haircut for some time. I found myself briefly mesmerized by watching his veins pop and his muscles work as he fucked into the tan brunette.

Shawn began cumming the same moment Maria greeted him, growling as his body stiffened. The girl squealed as Shawn came in her pussy. As Shawn pulled out I found that he seemed to possess the stereotype for black men. His dick was, well, very impressive as he definitely had at least three inches on me and I figured I was at least a modest size. His gradually softening cock glistened with the juices of the girl he had just spunked inside. As he pulled out of the girl Holly rushed over and began sucking her pussy from behind. It appeared she definitely had a thing for sucking fresh cum from a girl's pussy. The girl writhed and moaned as Holly ate her out from behind. 

Maria walked over to Shawn and gave him a tight hug and kiss. Jared crawled up onto the futon in front of the girl Holly was eating out, and presented her face with his hard cock. When she recovered from one small orgasm and looked up she quickly took his dick into her mouth. Adina followed and settled behind Jared, pressing her massive tits into his back and rubbing his chest. 

"Come on," Riley said as she pulled Nick over to the girls sixty-nining each other. He looked back at me expectantly and I followed them. Riley tapped the girl on top on the shoulder and she looked up to see the new cocks and pussy being presented to her.

"Hello," she said happily as she took Nick's cock into her mouth. Riley went behind her and began eating her pussy. Not sure of how I should insert myself into that configuration I just stood there stroking my cock as I watched the show. Though I couldn't see much detail of the girl below this pile of now three people I could tell see and the other co-ed were both tanned just like their friend and both seemed to have toned bodies. The girl on top was a blonde who also had her hair in a ponytail, which Nick grabbed as she sucked his cock. 

I felt someone brush my arm and looked over to find Maria standing there. Shawn was sitting on one of the couches.

"So Shawn says he's beat after trying to keep these three girls satisfied, and I am insanely horny right now. Think you can help me by letting me ride your cock?"

"Of course," I said as I nodded. Looking down at her I could see her skin glistening with a thin sheen of sweat. It was then I noticed just how warm the entire dorm was. Though we were in Florida the weather was rather mild right now, so the only real explanation for the heat that was all the fucking going on had actually raised the ambient temperature.

Maria lead me over to the couch Shawn was sitting on and had me sit next to him. 

"Get ready for a ride man," Shawn said as Maria reached between her legs to hold my dick as she began to sit on it. As she sank on my cock I was amazed at just how wet she was. She was able to impale herself completely on my dick in one go and I was almost overwhelmed by the warmth of her soaking pussy. 

"Fuck yea that feels so good," she said once her ass was settled in my lap. I placed both hands on her voluptuous ass-cheeks, rubbing and squeezing the doughy globes. She began moving up and down on my hard cock and I couldn't decide which felt better: the hot constriction of her pussy wrapped around my cock or the feeling of her wondrous ass each time it bounced on my lap. 

Maria leaned forward a bit and placed her hands on my knees, then began using her hips to bounce her ass on my dick at a fast but steady pace. My hands went to my sides as I just watched, mesmerized as her ass bounced and jiggled. It almost looked as if her soft brown cheeks were eating my hard cock with each down-stroke. 

"FUCK I'M CUMMING!!!" I heard from across the room. I was barely able to break my attention away from Maria's ministrations to look over her shoulder and see that Nick was now fucking the girl from under the sixty-nine. He was on top of her but had himself propped up on his arms as he frantically thrust his dick into her cunt. I could see now she was also blond with generous tits and large, pink nipples. Her tits were a constant wave as Nick fucked into her and she thrashed about in her orgasm. Riley sat next to them, masturbating furiously.

Jared was now fucking Holly from behind on the other futon while she ate out Adina, who had the brunette sitting on her face. The blond that was the top of the sixty-nine had strolled over to Shawn and was now between his legs licking and stroking his cock, causing it to rise again. 

"Aw shit. You have no idea how much I'd love to fuck you again, but we really should be going to find my girlfriend," Shawn said.

"Aww. I guess we did keep you kinda long," the girl said. She gave Shawn's dick one last kiss before getting back up and going over to her friends. She told both of them how Shawn and the rest of us had to get going and they both groaned in a combination of pleasure and disappointment. 

"Maybe you guys could come with us?" Riley offered.

"We would but we're trying to see how many people we can lure in here and fuck tonight," the brunette answered. 

"Ah boo," Holly breathed as Jared extracted himself from her. "Well, we'll see you guys around."

"Definitely gonna need more of this later," Maria said to me as she finally rose off my dick. I just sat on the couch for moment, enjoying the her round ass quaking with each step as she walked away. Nick finally broke me out of my reverie when he came over and shook my shoulder.

"You alright there man?"

"Yea just...taking everything in," I said to him as I stood up and followed him out of the common area. Behind us I could hear the three girls giggling as they resumed their own sexual activities with each other. Very quickly their giggles were drowned out by the moans as we entered the hall. 

"I know, it's crazy as fuck man," Nick said to me as we followed the rest of the group down hall. 

As we walked down the halls with now over a dozen people fucking throughout them, I relished for the first time the feeling of my dick swinging back and forth freely with each step, fully out in the open for the world to see. And there was no shame as everyone else not only had their genitals out and exposed but were all frantically mashing them together. I then again began to focus my hearing, sifting through the cacophony of fucking to pick out what people were yelling to one another. 

"JESUS GOD YES!! FUCK ME HARDER!"

"Aaaah, AHHH, mmmmhpppphhhh!"

"You lick my pussy so fucking good!"

"What's my name? What's my fucking name?!"

"Oh fuck I don't know! But your cock feels so fucking good!"

"Please YES! I'm so fucking close! AaaaAHHHH fuck!"

Eventually we came to a room just as three guys were walking out of it. Each looked to be quite out of breath, their dicks hanging flaccid but glistening with cum and feminine juices. One even seemed to have a dollop of cum hanging from his tip. 

Shawn, Maria, Riley, Holly, Nick, and I all crowded into a room occupied by just one girl.

"Well Miranda, you look like you've been fucked raw and put away wet," Shawn said to the girl lying on the floor.

"Yeaaaaa....that's pretty much happened," the girl said between breathes as she sat up. She did indeed look like a beautiful mess.

She had light red-brown dreadlocks that went down to her alabaster shoulders, which were covered in a healthy amount of freckles. Looking at her face I saw light group of freckles across her brow. At least I figured it was only a few, I could barely tell through the cum that was splattered across her face. In fact cum was dripping down every part of her pale body, giving her a wet glow. The cum did nothing to distract from her small yet fabulous tits, topped with hard pink nipples. 

I noticed that there seemed to be a bit of hair sticking from her armpits, and looking further down I saw a prodigious dark-red bush between her legs, which was also damp and covered in cum and her own juices. It seemed she really wanted to show everyone how her carpet did indeed match the drapes. Along both of her arms and her legs I also saw brightly colored tattoos, but through the cum I could barely make out any details. 

"I could stand a bit more though. Those guys didn't knock all of my horniness out," Miranda said as she got on her knees and crawled over to her bed. As she got up I could see strings of cum stretching from her ass to the carpet. 

When she turned I saw her back was just as covered as her front. I also noticed what appeared to be a pair of wings tattooed just above her ass. She propped herself up and leaned over the bed, presenting her cum covered ass and hairy pussy to the room. 

"Well she's your girlfriend, you first," Holly said, slapping Shawn's arm. 

Shawn shrugged and chuckled as he went over to his apparent girlfriend, getting down on his knees and pressing his thick, black cock into either her pussy or ass from behind. From the angle we were at I couldn't really tell, and my attention was quickly stolen when Holly grabbed my face and brought me in for an intense kiss. She wrapped her arms around me and then I felt hands stroking my cock. I opened my eyes to see that it was Adina. She pressed herself and her enormous tits against my side began kissing the side of my face and mouth. Eventually she was able to start a three-way kiss between her, Holly, and me. And I had no idea what to do with my mouth and tongue so I just let it swim in this sea of hot kisses, letting the two girls twirl it about with their own tongues. 

Holly pulled herself away from the kiss, dropped to her knees, and took my hard cock into her mouth. Adina followed Holly and I quickly had two girls using their mouths to play with my dick just as they did my tongue. They alternated between licking along both sides of my cock and then one would take the head in their mouth while the other sucked my balls. 

I placed both hands on the girls' heads and surveyed the rest of the room. Shawn was still fucking Miranda from behind, holding onto her shoulders as he thrust into her at a rapid pace. Nick was now on the bed itself while Maria rode his dick reverse cowgirl, giving Nick a clear view of her incredible ass as she worked it on his long cock. 

I looked over to find that Riley was leaning against the door frame while a new guy was fucking her from behind, with one hand on top of hers on the door frame and the other gripping one of her small tits. I didn't know if they knew each other but I had a feeling that in this dorm it hardly mattered. You could literally walk by a room, see a hot girl standing the in doorway, then bend her over and start fucking her with hardly a greeting. Here everyone was free to fuck everyone, without shame or restraint. If I wanted I could go out into the hall right now and stick my dick in whomever I pleased and no one would argue. But for now I was more than satisfied with the two mouths on my dick. Or mostly satisfied at least. I suddenly felt the urge for something even tighter. 

"Holly, do you want to ride my cock while Adina sits on my face?" I asked. Even in this free sex dorm I still felt it was best to be polite at least. 

"Of course," Holly replied with a smile. "Get on that other bed."

I followed Holly's orders and lay on the unoccupied bed. My cock stood straight up pointing at the ceiling, and Holly quickly lowered herself onto it, causing it to disappear into the wet, scorching confines of her pussy. I let out a loud moan as pleasure shot up from my dick to my entire body. I was suddenly silenced when Adina lowered her shaven pussy onto my face. I moaned into her pussy for a moment before I composed myself, more or less, and began focusing on sticking my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could. Adina began grinding on my face in almost the exact same way Holly was grinding on my dick, I reached up to grab hold of Adina's jiggling tits. Her thighs blocked my view but I could feel the flesh of her massive boobs spilling out between my fingers. 

The two girls continued fucking me like this for what seemed like ten minutes. Holly moaned the entire time while Adina yelped each time my tongue hit a particularly pleasurable place in her pussy. I could hear Miranda, who vocalized her pleasure with deep, throaty groans. I heard Nick's increasingly familiar growl as he came inside Maria. Riley was practically screaming from the doorway. 

I felt my own orgasm begin to surge through my body. My cock pulsed as I began filling Holly with my cum, launching her into a powerful orgasm of her own. I felt her hands over mine on Adina's tits, gripping them tightly as she rode out her orgasm on my cock. 

"Adina, suck his cum out of my pussy," Holly commanded as she rolled off my dick. 

As Adina crawled off my face and dived in between Holly's legs I looked around to see that Shawn had apparently cum in Miranda's pussy, and now Maria was eating her out from behind while another new guy was fucking her. Behind him Riley was eating out his ass Nick was lying under her eating her pussy. A new girl, a mousy little thing with short dark hair, was bouncing up and down on his cock. 

A skinny guy with long, greasy looking hair came into the room with two rather large blunts, and offered them to everyone. We all took a break from our fucking and passed the blunt around. After both were beat we all sat around and enjoyed our high. I had Holly sitting to one side of me and Miranda on the other, with my arms draped over both. I was acutely aware of how positively slimy Miranda was, and how incredibly turned on I was by this. I began to realize that sexual fluids from either gender didn't bother me at all. In fact, I felt both were equally sexy. As I looked around the room at the other people sitting naked with droopy expressions, I found I was equally turned on by the naked sexy ladies with their hard nipples and heaving chests as I was by the guys with their toned bodies glistening with sweat and their hardening cocks. Nick's in particular was rather impressive. I didn't know if I found his most attractive because he was my friend or because I was secretly a cock connoisseur, but I was amazed at just how long and thick his dick was. It seemed to be about the same size as the mousy girl's forearm. And yet somehow I had seen him going balls-deep in multiple women. 
