 It was hot and I sat down to cool off for a few minutes, as I selected the new task in the garden. We bought the old house as an empty nest cottage. It was in pretty good shape although the back and front yards were over grown and weedy. The neighborhood was quiet. We faced a wildlife preserve in front. We had a side street on one side that separated us from neighbors and the back was enclosed by a high brick wall. The wall was completely covered with ivy which I did not like.

Our only neighbor on the side away from the street was a single lady of about our age. She had been welcoming and friendly but was not nosy or pushy. My wife seemed to like her and they had a cup of coffee together several times during the first month we were in the house. No one could see into our back yard but that neighbor from her second floor, and we were the only ones who could see a part of her back yard. There was a nice pool and garden in her yard which I admired very much.

After I finish the big jug of cool water my wife brought me, we talked about stripping the ivy off the wall. She wanted to trim it back first before we decided to peel it back to the brick. As hot as the day was I began to see the wisdom of that choice. I got to work trimming and had gone about half way down the wall trimming and manicuring the greenery to a smooth regular surface when I made a discovery. There appeared to have been a door in the wall.

I pulled the ivy vines apart enough to see into the opening. There was a sturdy wooden gate still in place. I told my wife about it and walked next door to ask the neighbor if she knew about it. Since I had been working in just shorts and shoes I slipped on a cotton knit shirt to make my visit.

Eileen, our neighbor, came to the door in a shirt like mine but longer, so it formed a mini-skirt length dress. It hid nothing of her marvelously female figure. I did enjoy the sight, and I resolved to discover doors in walls more often. She invited me in, and we walked through the cool dark of her house to the back door. She led the way to the wall which was covered on her side, too, with ivy that had climbed over from one side or the other and taken root. I poked at it until I found the aperture where the door was and pulled the vines aside, so she could see the hidden door. As she moved closer to the wall she placed a hand on my back and slid by just touching me with her breasts. It was like an electric shock. Keeping my composure was tough. 

After she had a good look she turned around and looked up at me. She was standing very close but not touching me. "Call your wife to come over and let's talk about what we should do before you start to do all that hard work."

When Susan joined us, the two chattered like school girls about the "Secret Door". While they were doing that I probed around with my shovel and scraped away the accumulation of leaf mould and sticks that blocked the gate. When I had scraped it clear I found the latch and gave a mighty tug. The door gave and opened just a bit, so I went back to our side and did the same thing. I added a bit of oil to the latch and hinges and it came loose. One big squeak, quickly silenced with some more oil, and it opened easily.

Susan told me they had decided to leave it a secret door for the time being. I was to trim the vines that covered it just like the rest of the wall on both sides and then leave it alone.

Back at work, I stripped back down and finished our side then moved to Eileen's side to trim her ivy. In about an hour or so it was finished, and I sat down to admire my handy work and cool off. Eileen came out and invited me to take a dip in her pool and said she would be right back. I said I'd go get my suit and she laughed. "You do not need one here, House Rules." You can swim in your work shorts or your suit or nothing as you prefer. "Jump in. I'll be right back with some refreshments for us."

I jumped in wearing my work shorts and felt the cool water sooth and cleanse my skin. One lap and I was in the shallow end bobbing around when she came back. She had a tray with a bottle of good wine in ice with some glasses and finger snacks. She announced that Susan would be here in a minute as she jumped in beside me. As she surfaced the light cotton knit clung to her form and left nothing at all to my imagination. She swam over and took my arm and pulled me closer to her so that her full breast was against my bicep. "Come, jump out and pour all three of us a glass of wine". I poured the glasses and Susan appeared silently from the ivy. She had an impish smile on her face and seemed to be laughing at something, probably me.

We finished the first glass pretty quickly and I poured us all another. The two women had maneuvered me into the corner closest to the wine bottle and insisted that I do the honors each time they wanted a bit more. They were so close to me that their breasts touched me. At the third glass, Eileen remarked that her cotton shirt was getting heavy, so she put down her glass and in a wink had pulled it over her head and was completely naked. "Come on, Susan, be a sport, House Rules. No suits after twilight." Susan looked just a trifle uneasy but pulled off her top and the bottom followed quickly. Eileen moved beside her and put her arm around her. You are quite beautiful, Susan. Has this brute of a man who is violating the rules ever told you that?" "He does some times," she answered "But he has to obey the rules here. Tom, take them off."

I did not know for sure what was happening, but I liked the general course of things, so I pulled off my shorts and pitched them on the pool deck. When I had tossed my shorts on to the poolside, Susan asked Eileen, "Has he been a good boy so far?'

"I am sorry to say that he has"

"Then we will have to punish him for that. He certainly should have been a very bad boy if you wanted him to."

"Come here, Tom," Susan commanded. She led me to the pool steps and sat down she bent me over her lap and spanked me with three hard slaps on my bare bottom. Eileen followed us and joined in with her own spanks. 

"Poor, Tom. We have been cruel to him. Now he will have to spank us to make it fair. 

I could really enjoy that so I readily stood up and traded places with Susan. I made her pull her knees up under my thighs as she lay across my lap. Her breasts hung against my left thigh. In this position the lips of her pussy were exposed and my slaps on her round firm ass also touched her labes. She whimpered as I gave her three hard slaps. I was about to stop when Eileen stepped up and gave her three more. 

"Eileen cooed and stroked her hair and said, "Poor girl did it hurt you? Let me kiss it and make it well." She got close to Susan's ass and dragged her belly and her tits down in a soft caress until her face was right at Susan's crack Eileen licked and kissed up and down the crack until Susan was moaning with pleasure and I could feel her wetness on my thigh. When she was down at Susan's pussy, I gently pushed my finger into Susan's asshole. 

"Oh, yes! Finger my asshole. Suck my pussy. Oh, yes! Oh, it feels so good!" In just a moment Susan was wracked by a hard, panting orgasm and her pussy juice flowed out into Eileen's mouth and down her chin onto my leg.

When Susan had caught her breath, Eileen made her surrender her place in my lap. I expected her to lie down across my knees as Susan had done, but she saw my hard erect cock and instead she threw one leg over my legs and sat down facing me with my cock between us. She began to thrust her pelvis onto my hardness and rub her clit up to its head and back down to my balls.

Susan knelt behind her and pressed her finger onto Eileen's rectum. She repeatedly wet her finger with her spit and worked it until it slid into the pink opening. As soon as the finger was inserted, Eileen rose up and moving forward captured my hard cock with her pussy lips. As soon as she had maneuvered it into proper entry position, she began to bounce up and down along my shiny shaft. Her tits swayed and bounced so much I had a hard time catching a nipple to suck. Susan reached around with her free hand and took control of one boob while I sucked the other. Keeping her finger hard up Eileen's ass she slipped her head between us and began to devour one swollen nipple while I slurped the sweetness of the other. In moments, Eileen arched her back so that I had to release her breast and support her as her whole lower body tensed for the oncoming explosion. Her vagina grabbed my cock in an iron grip that pulsed and milked me until I exploded at the same instant that she flung herself backwards and then forward to bite my shoulder her pulsing gushing orgasm squirting my lap full of her sweet juice. 

After a few minutes of spent, heavy breathing she stood and let my softening member slip out of her pussy. Susan immediately licked Eileen's juice and my cum off of it 

I turned to get a glass of wine and when I turned back I saw Eileen was kissing Susan. I watched as the long kiss ended and they asked me for their wine glasses. They turned back to each other and pressed their bodies together in a full embrace and kiss. It lasted a long time. As I watched my body stirred with the erotic sight of their embrace and the sexual energy that surrounded me. After a few more kisses they turned to me and opened their embrace. They each reached out and pulled me into their arms. Hands caressed me and I caressed them both with mine, gentle strokes on backs and necks, kisses on necks and breasts, hands that explored my body and theirs. My hand would encounter Eileen's or Susan's. A caress or brief grip would pass and move on to explore all of the secret places so hidden and so desirable.

Eileen took Susan's hand and mine and led us up the steps out of the pool. We walked dripping to a large double chaise lounge. She lay down on the cushions and pulled Susan to her. I watched as they embraced and Susan slowly kissed and licked Eileen's face and neck and breasts. She took each roseate nipple in her lips, tonguing it, nibbling and sucking. When they were rock hard she moved downward until her face was over the shining opening to Eileen's secret person. As she licked and sucked the hard clit I took the full breasts and imitated Susan's treatment of each nipple using both my mouth and fingers. Eileen moaned and tensed again and again with passion she stroked my hair with one hand and touched Susan's with the other. Susan's busy tongue and fingers brought her to orgasm again and again until she lay gasping for breath. She smiled up at me and said "Go to Susan."

Susan was still on her knees with her tongue licking up the sweet juice of passion from Eileen. I took her cheeks in both hands and gently separated them. I ran my tongue from her labia to the end of her crack paying special attention to her clitoris and to her rectum. She caught her breath and pushed back against my face. I continued my tongue work and got busy with my fingers searching out the places she responded to. Her G spot and her rectum were the most sensitive points. Eileen joined me by sliding down under Susan who was still on all fours and sucking her nipples as they swung enticingly over her face. This gave me a chance to taste Eileen's sweetness too. 

"Copulate me! Now!" Susan grated out between her clenched teeth, as the power of sensation took over her body. I slipped my hardness into her and a finger into her rectum and began to move both in slow gentle rhythm. Her vagina was pouring and squirting wetness and I caught it and rubbed it on her rectum and my penis to enhance the lubrication. My tempo accelerated until I was thrusting into her with all the force I could muster and she moaned and asked for more. When my semen was boiling hot it exploded into her with a force I had never felt before. I pulsed again and again until it was dripping out of her. Eileen moved down and caught it as it streamed out of Susan and with her hands rubbed the excess onto Susan's belly and her own.

Until we all recovered, we lay together on the chaise with each beauty on a side in my arms. After a few minutes, Eileen poured us more wine. At the end of the glass she poured the remnants over my cock and began to lick it off. It was my turn on the bottom this time.

This time there was no slow love making but hot passionate sex. Eileen sat on my cock and Susan sat on my face. They stayed there being licked and copulated until my juices were dried up, and both pussies had been filled up with hot cum. I dutifully cleaned them up with my tongue and we rested again.

We took a long swim naked together, our bodies touching and passing each other in the silken water. At midnight, Susan and I slipped back through the hidden door leaving promises to return again and again for new and different adventures. 

NOT THE END, ONLY THE BEGINNING