 Whenever I'm in London, I always make it a point to stop in to one of my favorite private clubs called Ally's Place. I had been in town on business for the past two days without a break and now, finally, my cab was pulling up the driveway to Ally's Place and my blood pumped just a little bit faster knowing what was waiting for me inside. 

The club was situated about an hour's drive from London and consisted of a large mansion isolated from view on 250 acres of forest land. I paid the cabbie and was greeted at the door by a very pretty young lady who was wearing a black lace French maid's outfit which revealed enough of her beautiful body to make my cock stir. When I gave her my name and asked for Ally, she smiled and asked me to follow her and, after closing the door, turned to lead me inside. 

As she turned, I saw that her costume had absolutely no back at all and her gorgeous ass and back were entirely exposed. I found it difficult to tear my eyes from her ass as it moved so sexily with each step she took and I was almost disappointed when she knocked on Ally's door and held it open for me to enter.

Ally was wearing a very revealing dressing gown and a wide smile as we hugged each other in greeting. She looked like a gorgeous blonde Amazon since she was tall and big boned with large, full breasts and a great pair of legs. Her warm body felt very comfortable and I felt my cock twitch a little in anticipation as I ran my hands over her sexy ass. She covered my crotch with her hand and felt my organ rapidly rising to the occasion as she squeezed it and mentioned that she hadn't had it inside of her in a long time and was looking forward to it. 

Ally and her husband, Paul, had always loved sex and made it their primary hobby almost from the first days of their marriage. Paul was a successful lawyer who chucked his law practice to open this private club with Ally a few years ago and is now making as much money as he had been before and enjoying it more. They had quite a few of England's most prominent couples as charter members and many visitors from around the world who had heard of the magnificent facilities and activities available at this most private and exclusive club for sex. The club was open to couples and singles mostly although occasionally a group of 10 or so couples would come in to spend a weekend from somewhere in the world. 

Ally took my hand and led me down the hall to a huge and comfortably furnished room where there were about ten couples and some singles all socializing while some were engaged in various acts of sex. Ally asked if I see anyone I'd particularly like to meet and I told her that I could see a few right off but that I was really looking forward to being with her, and possibly Paul before joining the party. She led me down a long hallway and into her bedroom, closing the door behind us and melting into my arms as I just naturally reached for her and we met in a warm soul kiss while I felt her flesh through the thin silk fabric. I started to undress and watched as Ally stripped off her gown and spread out on the huge bed flat on her back with her legs seductively parted so that I could see her labia parting to reveal her pink passage. 

The sight of this gorgeous woman on her back with her legs spread wide for me had my organ hard as a rock in a flash. I removed my shorts and my cock literally sprang out and cleaved the air before me as I approached her and settled myself comfortably between her sexy thighs and gazed at her spread. She was slightly overweight but, if anything, it made her even more sexy since she was so curvaceous. Her full, shapely thighs framed her beautiful cunt and asshole and I couldn't resist any longer and leaned forward to taste her sweet juices and breathe in the heady aroma which made my cock want to burst. 

I brushed my lips across her swollen labia and licked them before sliding my tongue between them seeking the source of her delicious juices. I took her cuntflesh in my mouth and sucked deeply while licking the sweet flesh trying to get more of her fluids. Then I felt her twisting around and it wasn't long before I felt her warm, hungry mouth all over my thick shaft and tight, full balls. I was in heaven, not only because of the delicious cunt I was sucking, but also because of what Ally was doing to my shaft and I lost myself totally in pleasure and wanted the feelings to continue without end. We sucked each other for some time before I felt my orgasm rapidly approach as her mouth was fastened to the head of my cock and she sucked deeply on the crown while sliding a finger in my asshole. I moved up her wet slit until I reached her erect clitoris and put my lips around it while teasing it lightly with the tip of my tongue. Then I sucked it into my mouth just as I began to spurt jets of hot sperm into Ally's hungry mouth. 

As the first of the creamy liquid shot into her mouth, I felt her body tense and her orgasm hit her hard as she held my head firmly to her cunt and twisted and moaned in passion. I was rewarded with a copious flow of her love juices as I was pumping the last of mine into her and we kept our lips right where they were for a long time after our spasms ended. We rested a while and had some cold drinks to refresh ourselves and Ally got me caught up on all the action at her club since I was last there.

After conversing a while, Ally picked up the phone and asked that Maria be sent to her room immediately. She looked at me and smiled as she told me that I was in for a very pleasant surprise. A moment later there was a knock on the door and when Ally answered, it opened to reveal an extremely beautiful dark haired girl with enormous breasts wearing a black lace teddy. Ally asked her to come in and close the door behind her and strip so that she could introduce her properly. I watched with keen interest as the gorgeous young woman slipped off her teddy and stood before me totally nude. My eyes roamed all over her magnificent body and I noted that every part of her was perfection personified. Her breasts were very large but very firm and were capped by huge rosettes with enormous nipples. Her stomach was slightly rounded and led my gaze down to her swollen mound which was completely hairless revealing her slit which disappeared between her sexy thighs. 

Ally asked her to turn around slowly and I noted with interest her sensational ass which was full and firm and caused my organ to twitch in anticipation. She told me that Maria was from Rome and had recently joined their staff immediately becoming the most popular hostess in the club. Maria was looking at me with a sort of Mona Lisa smile on her face as she came over to the bed and leaned forward to run her tongue over my balls and semi erect penis. She knew exactly how to get a cock hard and was sucking on the crown of my erection when Ally thanked her for getting my cock ready and told her to get up on the bed and feed me her cunt since she wanted my organ inside her right away. 

I watched Maria as she lowered her pussy to my face and my eyes opened wide in surprise as I saw her clitoris peeking out from the folds of her clit hood. It was enormous! It had to be at least an inch and a half long with a tiny, smooth head and looked like a miniature penis. Her labia were shaped like the petals of a flower and were open wide revealing her moist, pink cunt flesh and as soon as she brushed my lips with them, I took them in my mouth and gently sucked them as I ran the tip of my tongue between them into her wet hole and tasted her delicious juices.

Meanwhile, Ally had fit the head of my organ to her opening and was lowering herself onto my thick pole slowly as she got it good and wet with her juices before taking more of it inside her grasping cunt. I was in heaven with Maria feeding me her tasty pussy as Ally fucked my shaft and sent shivers of pleasure coursing through my body. Maria had been fucking my tongue and moaning as she reached out and played with Ally's erect nipples and full breasts. Then she shifted herself slightly so that her huge clit was presented to me for sucking and I took it between my lips and began to suck it back and forth as I teased the tip with my tongue. She groaned in passion as I sucked on her sensitive organ and I reached up and tweaked her erect nipples between my fingers. 

We kept this up for some time as Ally began to ride my thick shaft and Maria began to fuck my face. Both of them were moaning and gasping as they lost themselves in pleasure and I responded by driving my shaft deep into Ally's hungry cunt and sucked Maria's clitoris firmly into my mouth. Then I heard Ally cry out that she was cumming and felt her hot juices cover my organ as she bore down on me and milked my thick penis with her pussy. Maria started to shudder and groaned as she forced her clit further into my mouth and then gasped out that her orgasm was on the way. I felt her hot juices on my chin as she went into spasms and as soon as she calmed down, I moved her a bit so that I could drive my tongue deep inside her hole and lick up her delicious wetness. Both of them stayed in position for quite some time after their spasms ended and then slowly lifted themselves off me and lay down on either side of me to rest. 

After a minute or so, Maria got up on one elbow and looked at my huge erection and then at Ally as if questioning whether or not she could attend to it. Ally told her to ask me if it was all right and I nodded my approval before she could say a word. She got up with her knees on either side of me and held my stiff organ as she fit the head to her wet cunt and sank down on it in one smooth motion. Her pussy was warm and comfortable around my penis as she sat on it and gently rocked back and forth. Then suddenly I felt my cock being milked firmly by her cunt and gave myself up to the pleasures she was giving me. She no longer moved her body at all but my cock was in the grasp of her pussy muscles and was being massaged while buried deep inside her. 

I never felt such pleasure before and before I knew what was happening my orgasm was upon me and my penis began pumping hot cum in one spurt after another, Ally covered my mouth with hers and slipped her tongue inside as I sprayed my juices into Maria. When my last spasm ended, Maria gently lifted herself off me and I saw my cum dripping from her cunt as she got up and went into the bathroom to clean up. When she returned, Ally told her that she could leave since we were going to walk around the club for a while. We cleaned up and refreshed ourselves and Ally went over to the closet and took out a short toga which she told me to put on as she slipped into one herself. The togas just about covered our sex organs although the head of my organ was visible just below the bottom edge.

She led me down the corridor to the room where she had first taken me, opened the door and motioned for me to enter. I looked around the room and saw a number of couples in various stages of sex with others just drinking and conversing. We passed a beautiful blonde who was lying on the couch sucking on a huge penis while a young girl was busy eating her cunt and if it wasn't for Ally pulling my hand, I would have stayed a while to watch. She brought me over to a couple who were sitting on a couch having a drink and introduced me to Cal and Toby. She was a fairly attractive brunette with magnificent breasts and what looked like a very nice body. He was an ordinary looking guy with a muscular build and a cock, although soft, that looked like a killer. I found out that they were married and lived in London. Ally was called to the phone and before leaving made it a point to tell the three of us that we should get together since she thought that we would have a memorable experience. 

We looked at each other and smiled as Toby asked if she could get me something to drink. I thanked her and asked for a scotch with a little water and as she walked away, I looked approvingly at her gorgeous ass and legs and heard Cal as he voiced my feelings about her. "She has one of the finest bodies I have ever seen and knows exactly how to use it to satisfy her lover.", he said as we both watched her walk over to the bar. I noticed that the bartender was wearing a uniform shirt and tie but when he moved to get some ice, I saw that he was otherwise naked. Cal saw my look of amusement and told me that the help was available for use by the guests at their whim and as he spoke, I saw a woman walk behind the bar table and drop to her knees as she engulfed the bartender's penis in her mouth and begin sucking it voraciously as he made my drink. 

When Toby returned, the three of us sat on the couch and they told me that they try to come to Ally's at least once a week and have been doing so for the past few years. I told them that I've only been coming sporadically for about a year and a half now but was surprised that I hadn't met them before. Toby mentioned that very often they find a partner or partners and spend some time in one of the upstairs bedrooms so I could have easily missed them. As we talked. Toby reached out and took my flaccid organ in her hand and asked if I would like to have her suck it hard. I felt my cock twinge in anticipation as she said this and, in answer, lay back against the cushions and parted my thighs as I opened my arms for her to come to me. 

She stood up between my thighs and leaned over to kiss me while I held her full breasts in my hands and squeezed her nipples which were already hard and sexily protruding from her large rosettes. Our tongues entwined and we took turns sucking them as if they were cocks. Then she pulled her mouth from mine and trailed her tongue down to my nipples which she licked and sucked for a while before continuing on down to my cock which was fully erect and waving around in the air demanding attention. I could see, from the way she approached my organ, that she really loved cock, and I prepared myself for a superb blowjob as she began licking the base of my thick shaft and running her tongue and lips all around it as she slowly worked her way up to the smooth, sloped crown. Her kisses and the movements of her tongue along my thickness was beginning to bring up droplets of pre-cum which she deftly captured with her tongue. 

Then she covered the head of my penis with her lips and I felt her hand caress my balls and her finger playing around my asshole I was loving everything she did to me and just relaxed and savored the intense pleasure she was giving me. Cal was watching us and lightly stroking his massive penis which was in full erection and was a formidable weapon. Suddenly, Toby lifted her head and asked if we could change positions now as she would love to eaten. She had me so horny with her teasing mouth that I was ready to do anything she asked and reluctantly got up as she lay back and spread her gorgeous legs for me. The sight of her magnificent spread totally hypnotized me and I dropped to my knees and approached her swollen labia which were parted revealing the moist, pink hole. I ran my nose lightly down her slit and between her labia and breathed in her wonderful aroma before tapping the flat of my tongue all along the route from her asshole to her clit. 

I nibbled on her labia and sucked them into my mouth and then ran my tongue into her hole to taste her juices and was completely lost in the pleasure of sucking her cunt when I felt a warm mouth cover the head of my cock and a talented tongue begin teasing every part of my throbbing organ. I had no idea who was sucking me but at that point, I didn't care and just absorbed the sensations that were saturating me. I worked my way up Toby's delicious slit until I reached her clitoris. The tiny button was peeking out from the folds of her hood and I pressed warm kisses on it before licking it lightly and sucking it into my mouth. As I sucked her clit, I felt her body tense and she began moaning loudly as she held my head to her pussy and went into wild spasms of orgasm while fucking my mouth. My cock was ready to burst from the wonderful mouth that was creating such pleasure for me and I felt it thicken as the first spurt of cum shot out and was followed by many more until there was none left and my shaft began to grow softer. 

The mouth drained every last drop from me and then was gone and I started to rise and look around to see who the mouth belonged to and realized that it was Cal's as he wiped his mouth with a shit eating grin. I relaxed alongside Toby and told them frankly that I enjoyed the sucking that Cal gave me although that's not my bag. Cal refreshed our drinks and then I saw Ally weaving her way through the roomful of naked bodies towards us. She asked if we had sex and if it worked out well and when I told her she smiled approvingly and took my hand, excusing us to Cal and Toby as she led me away.

She took me upstairs and opened the door to one of the bedrooms where I saw a blonde woman in the center of a large round bed which was located in the center of the room. There was a guy kneeling on either side of her head feeding his enormous cock to her as another had her legs up on his shoulders as he stroked his cock in and out of her. I noticed two other guys standing alongside the bed lightly stroking their full erections as they watched. Ally told me that Heidi, the blonde, wanted to see how many men she could take on and had asked her to provide them as needed. 

Ally said that she had already been fucked by 18 guys and I would be the 21st since there were two ahead of me. As she spoke we heard a grunt from the guy fucking her as he pulled her hips close and began to pump his jism inside her. When his orgasm had ended, he pulled his still hard penis from her wet hole and she sank down on the bed as the guy she was sucking withdrew his semi-erect cock from her mouth and told the two guys waiting that she was all theirs now since he had already fucked her. The two of them started to get on the bed when I suggested that, since there were three of us, perhaps Heidi would like a cock in each opening and the moment I said that, she got up on an elbow, smiled at me and agreed it would be very nice. I asked if she had any preferences as to which cock would go where and she looked at all three very attentively and then picked me for her cunt, a guy with a cock about the same size for her ass and the third guy, who was hung quite well, for her mouth. 

Heidi straddled me and fit the head of my almost hard organ to her wet cunt and sank down on it slowly until it was buried deep within her. Her pussy was warm and comfortable and I was enjoying the unique sensations it was giving me when I felt the ass guy start working his cock into her and as he entered her, I could feel his shaft as it moved. I was looking into her eyes as he filled her with cock and saw them glaze over as each inch filled her. Then I looked up and saw a huge cock being fed into her mouth and watched with fascination, from a very unique angle, as she voraciously sucked the head into her mouth. The three of us fell into a perfect rhythm as we stroked into her so that our motions were coordinated and it was like a sexy dance that I could have let go on forever. 

After some time, the ass guy cried out that he was cumming and I felt his thick shaft as it drove deep in her ass and began shooting his sperm into her and that, along with the milking motion of her cunt, brought my orgasm on and I began spurting hot cum against her uterus in spasm after sensational spasm. I watched her drawing deeply on the huge shaft which she had firmly in her mouth and then heard him cry out as his cock thickened and began to pump cum down her throat. She sucked hungrily on his swollen cockhead and swallowed every drop he offered her and then lifted her mouth from the slowly receding organ and told us that she had just experienced one of the most beautiful moments in sex and would never forget it. 
