 Max lay awake in bed, unable to sleep or even get comfortable. His house was being fumigated for termites and he was forced to stay at a friends house for a few days. He was without his essentials for comfort. He wished that he had planned better when he packed to go to his friend Joe's place so he would at least have something to keep him entertained once Joe his and girlfriend Suzie had gone to bed. 

"A shot of whisky might do," he thought aloud and exited the basement bedroom. He tread quietly up the stairs trying not to make noise. He didn't want to wake Joe or Suzie so he tiptoed his way around. The trip to the kitchen went right past their room so he was moving as quiet as can be.

Opening the cupboard quietly he extracted the bottle of Jack and took a nice long swig, nearly gagging. After his eyes returned inside their sockets he put the bottle back and started to tiptoe his way back to the stairs. Coming from an illuminated basement he hadn't noticed that a light was still on in Joe's room. He was going to knock on the door and say hi until he heard some moaning coming from inside the room. Quietly he peered through the slightly ajar door and got an eye full.

"Holy shit," he whispered to himself. A mirror was directly in his line of sight which reflected to Joe's bed. Suzie was laying against the headboard with Joe's head squarely between her legs. Max had always been attracted to Suzie and was now seeing her in a way he had never thought to have the opportunity. She has always had long flowing blonde hair however tonight she had it covered up with a purple wig. He could see that her legs were covered by black fishnets with black straps attaching it to a garter belt. Her one hand was playing with Joe's hair while her other was massaging her left breast through a shiny purple bra. 

"I shouldn't stay here," he whispered to himself, "well, maybe for another minute." He watched in awe as his Joe drove her wild eating her pussy. He nearly instantly got a raging hard on.

*****

Suzie's eyes rolled back in her head and she began to moan, "right there, yeah that's the spot." She was always a sucker for having her pussy eaten. Joe wasn't always good at it but she had taught him well. She liked being in control, and in the bedroom she always was. She always got what she wanted from Joe because if she didn't then he wouldn't get what he wanted. 

Joe's tongue lapped up and down and swirled around her clit, occasionally travelling down to her vagina to lap up some juices to make her pussy all the slicker. She had a brazillian earlier in the week and her pussy was completely bald and smooth. Two of his fingers travelled in and out of her tight pussy and explored up to her g-spot, sending shocks though her body. Occasionally she squeezed her his head between her warm thighs to keep him in one spot.

She grabbed his hair tightly and pulled his head up to give him some air. "Do you like that?" She asked him, her head tilted back which gave her a more dominant look. 

Joe tried to nod but couldn't while his hair was being held so tightly. She then shoved his head back between her legs and directed him back to the task at hand.

*****

Max was now completely aroused but was not prepared to go downstairs just yet. As quietly as he could he unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. He was sure with the angle he was standing that there was no chance to be seen. Slowly he started stroking his throbbing member watching intently as Joe ate Suzie out. Every time she moaned or quivered he got an extra shot of pleasure with his slow strokes. 

Suzie's moaning began to get louder and more feverish. Max got more and more excited and nearly lost his load as he watched her reach orgasm. Her thighs clamped hard on Joe's head and she shook violently and then released his head. Joe then knelt in front of her, and Max shifted his angle to insure that he wouldn't be seen as some movement came from the bed.

"Take your pants off,"she said, her voice travelling out into the hall. "Looks like you got pretty excited eating me out. I think I am going to taste that lollipop you got there." When her voice was no longer audible he peered back into the room. Joe was kneeling on the bed and Suzie was on all fours in front of him. She was slowly sucking on the head of his cock making him moan slightly. 

Max moved back into his original position and continued where he had left off. He has a great vantage point to view all the action. He starting beating off again, his heart pounding so loud from the excitement of watching, and the fear of getting caught. His stroking began to speed up and with his heart pounding so loudly he was unaware that he was beginning to make some noise.

***** 

Suzie took Joe's large cock into her mouth, slowly wrapping her tongue around his throbbing head. She teased him with her tongue and drove him wild. She knew the right balance of pleasure while allowing for endurance. Her body swayed as she began to take the dick deeper into her mouth and bob it in and out. She lifted it up so she could lick Joe' balls then slowly lick right up the shaft to his throbbing head before she buried it into her mouth again.

She took her free hand and used that to keep her juices flowing by massaging her clit and pussy. Then she heard a noise that sounded like it was coming from outside the door. She took a quick glance at the reflection from a picture which reflected an image from outside the door. She could see a silhouette of a man masturbating in the hall. This made her pussy grow wetter. Knowing she was being watched turned her on so much, she had always fantasized about being spied on or making a movie for others to see, however she was not prepared to let Max know he had be caught just yet.

Suzie began working Joe's cock harder, getting him as worked up as she could. The plan growing in her mind required Joe to be as horny as possible to ensure she got what she wanted. She took quick glances at the reflection as she stroked the rod as she sucked it deeper and deeper into her mouth. She was now convinced that Joe was as ready as she could get him. Suzie prepared to spring her plan into action.

*****

Unaware that he had already been discovered by Suzie, Max kept jerking away. He maintained a good amount of stimulation but did not want to finish just yet. There was more to come, he knew it, and wanted to maintain full arousal until the end.

He watched Suzie swallowing Joe's cock and wished that he could get the same treatment. He froze as Suzie got up and off the bed. 

"Jerk off for me," she commanded to Joe. He turned to watch her as she moved off the bed, he stroked his cock as she moved. She moved out of the mirrors reflection and that made Max nervous. Beginning to turn to get out of doorway's line of sight the door flung open.

"Oh shit, its not what it looks like!" Max choked out turning to run.

"Hands up you pervert!" Suzie said in a firm voice. She bored into his eyes as he turned to face her. "What the fuck do you think you are doing?" She asked.

Before Max could answer Joe said, " what the fuck is going on, is Max out there?" He started to walk towards the door an angry look on his face.

"Did I give you permission to stop?" She asked Joe.

With confused look on his face he starting stroking his shaft again, watching as Suzie turned to talk to Max who was standing in the hallway. 

"So you like spying on people while they are fucking eh? Does it turn you on to see me with a big cock in my mouth?" She grabbed her large breasts and held them firmly together. " Do you like these?" She turned and held her ass up,"do you like this? You are just a real bad boy, spying on your friend fucking his girlfriend, and jerking off his hall. Get the fuck in that room, you are going to be punished now."

Max walked into the room and got an angry look from Joe. All he could do is shrug with an apologetic look on his face. With his throbbing cock still protruding from his pants he stood there feeling awkward. Suzie moved to stand in between the two of them. "You have both been real bad boys, bad boys get punished.

Joe started to protest,"what the fuck Max? Suzie, why the fuck did you..."

"Shut your mouth, you were a bad boy recently, this is your punishment, if you ever want me to fuck you again, you will do what I tell you. And Max, if you value your freedom, you will do what I tell you, or I will call the cops and have you arrested."

"What the fuck did I do Suzie?" Joe questioned her.

"I know you went to the nudie bar last week, and went into the champagne room with a dirty whore stripper. My brother was there and he told me all about what he saw. You will do what I say or I will leave right now and you two can sit here together with your raging hard ons."

Both men nodded at Suzie, and Max gave Joe an apologetic nod which was returned by Joe. Looks like neither had a choice in the matter. Suzie walked over and sat down on the edge of the bed and signalled for the two to come over and stand in front of her. Her eyes shot from cock to cock being stroked while the men stared at her.

"Take your pants off Max." Suzie said, her order being obeyed quickly. She sucked on her finger while the men worked their shafts. Her other hand was cupping and massaging her one breast, occasionally reaching inside to squeeze and twist her hard pointy nipple. She glanced from Joe's cock to eyes, to Max's cock and then to his eyes while biting her lip. She was getting hornier the more she watched them work. Finally Suzie could no longer contain herself. 

"I think its about time I joined in guys, hands at your sides,"she said sliding on the bed into a squat between the men. Both of her pointer fingers drew lines from the mens balls to the tops of their dicks. Silvie looked up and smiled at Joe and took his cock deep into her mouth while starting to play with Max's cock. Spitting on Joe's schlong, then Max's, gave her a smoother stroke. She turned to Max and took his dick into her mouth for the first time.

Nearly gagging, his dick disappeared deeper and deeper into her mouth. He moaned as she sucked it as hard as she could. He felt like his cock would rupture from the vacuum she produced with her mouth. "Holy shit Joe, your girls mouth is stronger then a shop vac." Max said then glanced at Joe.

Joe shot him an angry look at first then nodded. "Yeah, she is pretty good at what she does."

"Is your conversation more important then me?" she snapped at them. They both stood erect quickly and looked back down at her. She shook her head and went back to work on the rods in her hands. She brought both dicks as close together so she could swap from end to end to suck them both as quickly as possible. Her death grip on their dicks making them swell to massive sizes.

She let go of Joe's cock and instructed, " get behind me and fill my pussy." She turned and got on her hands and knees facing Max. She kept sucking away as Joe knelt behind her. Suzie grabbed and ushered his cock into her dripping pussy, the spit mixing with her dripping juices allowed it to slip in with ease. She bit down on Max's member as she was penetrated and moaned the loudest she had the whole evening.

Max and Joe shot each other a quick awkward look. Neither had ever been in a situation like this and were both a little uneasy. Both looked down at Suzie below them. Joe started to thrust his cock in and out making her bob up and down on the other shaft. Max reached down and cupped one of Suzie's breasts and began to fondle it. Joe took her other breast in hand and squeezed it hard then massaged it. She moaned more and more.

Suzie took her mouth off Max's cock long enough to yell, "fuck my pussy as hard as you can, FUCKING HARD!!" Joe obliged and thrust as fast and deeply as he could. Suzie started gyrating her hips as the cock buried itself deep inside her snatch. Waves of pleasure began to flow though her causing her to thrust herself back harder on the dick threatening to rip her in half.

Max looked down at her while she sucked, her eyes frequently met his occasionally closing due to extreme pleasure. She took the cock out of her mouth and said to Joe, "you know I have an ass back there, I suggest you give it some attention if you know what's good for you."

Joe obliged her, dropping a wad of spit from his mouth. It landed at the crest of her ass crack and tricked down between her cheeks. When it reached her asshole he stopped it with his free thumb. Gently, he used the pad of his thumb to rub the spit around her asshole, pausing briefly to apply pressure. He swirled his thumb around making her moan louder as he added more pressure.

Suzie arched her ass up putting more pressure on Joe's thumb, aiding in slowly slipping it into her pulsating asshole. It throbbed with her heartbeat, between each throb his thumb slipped deeper and deeper inside her. This made Suzie go wild, she began thrusting back and forth, taking Max's cock in deep then trusting back on Joe's cock and thumb.

Joe could feel his cock sliding in and out through the thin membrane that separated his cock from his thumb. His thumb began to throb as Suzie flexed her asshole with each thrust. He reached his free hand down and began playing with Suzie's clit which was dripping with juice causing her to shudder then scream. 

"Holy fuck, HOLY FUCK!!IM CUMMING!!!" She shouted as she came for the second time. She slumped forward head resting between her hands and both cock's slipped from her. She kneeled on the floor for a bit, gathering her energy for the next wave she desired.

Picking herself up off the floor, she shifted herself to the edge of the bed, legs hanging over. "Joe, come and kneel beside me." She stared at his cock as he crawled up onto the bed and she grabbed his dick and pulled it to her mouth. She took it deep inside her mouth and tasted her pussy juices. Stopping abruptly she glanced up at Max. "My asshole isn't going to stuff itself dummy!" She said as she glanced down at his cock then met his stare again.

Max eagerly jumped at the opportunity. He moved in and picked up her legs and rested them on his shoulders. First he slipped his cock into her pussy and gave it a few thrusts, slicking it up for the task at hand. He withdrew and traced a line of juices down from Suzie's pussy to her waiting asshole. Gently he applied pressure to the tight ring, it slowly opened up for his cock finally allowing the head to slip in with a pop.

Suzie moaned loudly, the vibration in her mouth adding to the pleasure Joe was getting with his cock in her mouth. Max's dick slipped deeper and deeper into her ass until it as all the way in. He slowly retracted then thrust gently in again. He then began thrusting in a rhythmic motion, pulling back as far as he could without extracting his cock then ramming it back in.

Joe reached down and pulled the bra down that was holding Suzie's large breasts at bay. They exploded out and Joe grabbed and squeezed them. Her nipples were hard and he teased them as he played with her tits. He started thrusting his cock gently into Suzie's mouth with the same timing of Max's thrusts. Her breasts rocked back and forth and side to side as the men hammered away at her.

Suzie reached down with her free hand and played with her pussy and clit, adding to the pleasure she was receiving with the large cock thrusting deep into her tight asshole. She pulled her mouth off Joe's cock and looked over at the mirror so she could watch herself being fucked. It turned her on so much that once gain she couldn't hold back and came.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" She cried as the third orgasm hit her. She shook like hard, then shuddered then relaxed. Max pulled out and watched her slump down onto the bed. Her wig was now all frizzled, she looked as though she had just completed a marathon. "Boys, the last chapter is upon us." She told them. "The last act its going to be tight, real tight. Joe, be a doll and lay yourself down on the bed." 

Joe did as he was told, laying down on the bed while staring at Suzie. She climbed up on top of him and grabbed his dick, escorting into her waiting pussy. It slid in easily, she moaned as she took it all in. She arched her ass up and glanced back at Max. "All aboard," she said and gestured to him to climb up and be the final piece of the sandwich.

Max climbed up and knelt behind Suzie. She was straddling Joe which made it that Max had to stand on one foot and allow his other knee to rest between Suzie and Joe's legs. Once in position Suzie reached back and ushered his cock into her waiting asshole. Having Joe's large dick filling her pussy made her ass substantially tighter then it was a minute before.

Joe and Max then began to thrust. As Joe thrust into her pussy Max pulled back and vice versa. Suzie's fantasy was steering toward completion. "Fuck me guys, stretch me out, fuck me like the dirty slut I am!" She exclaimed as the men began to thrust harder and harder. Their timing was synchronized, she got stuffed tight and then they pulled back, thrust in, then pulled back. Every thrust she squealed a little.

Suzie, getting so worked up again began gyrating as hard as she could on the dicks Faster and faster she went bringing everything closer to its climax. She could feel the two cock's growing larger and larger, getting closer and closer to releasing her prize.

All three began to pant and moan louder and louder. Suzie's head reeled back and she screamed," fill me up with your cum boys, I fucking want it NOW!!" That was the final motivation the guys needed. First Joe came, his hips thrusting Suzie upwards spraying his large load inside her pussy. She could feel the heat of his cum as it exploded inside her making her reach her fourth and final orgasm. Her asshole began to convulse on Max's cock as she screamed audibly. Her pulsating asshole giving Max's cock its final argument to rupture. Max's cock swelled and spewed a massive load of cum into Suzie's ass, each throb of her asshole drawing more and more cum from his cock.

Max pulled back and slid down onto the bed beside Joe and Suzie. He laid back and nearly passed out from the exertion. He looked over and watched a visibly spent Suzie dismount Joe and stand up. She wobbled as she walked and stood at the foot of the bed. The cum from inside her pussy and ass trickling down her leg.

"I'm going to take a shower, I expect you won't be here when I get back Max." She said then turned and walked into he ensuite bathroom and shut the door. 

"Ummm," Max said, getting to his feet woozy from the experience. He pulled on his boxers and started walking towards the bedroom door.

"We still going to play some basketball tomorrow?" Joe asked.

Max turned and looked back at Joe who was laying all relaxed on the bed. "You're on man." He said turning to leave feeling quite awkward.

"Thanks for helping me wear Suzie out man, maybe tomorrow I can have a night of rest." Joe chuckled as a puzzled Max left the room.