 Cynthia spent the evening on the phone. She didn’t realize she was doing it, but she only phoned those girls who had dressed sexually to attract when they were going to her school. They had been the girls most promiscuous, libidinous of nature. Their ages ranged between eighteen and twenty. She was surprised that not one had turned her down, all willing to help if they could see inside the house. If she had looked at an old petition against the house, she would have found all their names on it. They had signed it as a lark, not believing for a moment that an old whorehouse could possibly be competition for their voluptuous charms. With minor variations, these girls were similar in build. Although hair color varied from blonde, to dark brown, to red, and height from 5 foot 2 to 6 foot. All were large of boob, wide of hip, sexily big and round of ass, and all wet and hairy of pussy. Each had one of more tattoos in various places and each had one or more piercings. They all thought they were the answer to modern sexuality. Unbeknownst to Phoebe all had various levels of contempt for the virginal librarian, thinking her a fool. Their own virginity long since lost to some casual sex in the back seat of a car or some equally mundane place.

While Cynthia phoned, Phoebe shopped. She went to one of those lingerie places, you know the kind, the kind that Phoebe had never entered before. They sold sexy under garments, garments designed to entice. Garments like the ones those girls probably wore when they where showing off their wares in the old house. Whorish garments that her father would have railed against, pronouncing them unfit, spawn of the devil’s making. She felt deliciously wicked as her fingers traced the lace of the tiny thongs she was admiring. She remembered both Cynthia’s and John’s interest in her derrière as she bought several pair. She knew her breasts were small, but by the way John behaved she felt enticing. She bought several demi- bras that lifted her small breasts, displaying them prettily, allowing a little areola to show above their cup. Phoebe saw several other garments that she liked, but as of yet they were beyond her sexual level of acceptance.

The house creaked in disappointment hoping she would buy the corset that many of its former inhabitants had worn to show off their wares. Unfortunately, the shop she had chosen to shop in was just a little too far away for it to influence her strongly. Well maybe after tomorrow it thought.

The women went to bed that night happily satisfied with their evening endeavors and slept extremely well. John on the other hand slept fitfully, besieged by thoughts of Phoebe’s succulent hairy pussy and other erotic activities. In consequence, he awoke late, so horny that he thought of masturbating until he realized the time and jumped from his bed. He just had time for a quick shower and a glass of orange juice before the two women and their helpers would be at his door. The orange juice glass was still in his hand when the doorbell rang announcing their arrival. There they stood, not two but eight females, some with mops, brooms, and pails in their hands, ready to clean. 

Each, as they entered the old house, felt their vaginal walls begin to sweat fresh exudate that leaked from between their labia, wetting their panties although Cynthia had not worn panties hoping she would find a few moments of privacy with Phoebe. Consequently, she could feel her thighs smeared with her juices slide back and forth as she walked further heightening her arousal. Strangely, each of the women in some way or another had dressed to entice. Cynthia had worn a sweater that clung to her ample bosom, a deep v in its neck. With a bra that squeezed her breasts together, she showed off a cleavage that had never before been seen in public. Phoebe looked as virginal as ever but beneath that strait-laced exterior, her father described, whorish garments clung to her body, the thong already wet with her arousal. The bra allowed the tops of her areolas to be exposed her nipples struggling to be free. Little did she know that six more thong revealed asses followed her into the house. Oh, they were clad in hip hugging short shorts or skintight jeans far too small for the voluptuous hips and magnificent asses they were supposedly meant to conceal. In reality, they were so tight that the seam, which ran through their labia, further enhanced the swell of their sex. If one looked closely at a couple of them, tiny stains of moisture already demonstrated their states of arousal. Soon all would be in the same condition. All six were bare of midriff some with navel piercings, which attracted the eye to their sexy navels. Each wore a top that although legally covered the magnificent curves of their rather large assets, was designed to show off, rather than conceal. The house upped the ante a bit and soon each was showing her erect nipples through the thin materials

Phoebe thought her state of arousal was because she was so anxious to feel that wonderful hardness of John’s inside her again. Cynthia thought it was because she wanted to taste Phoebe’s succulent peach once more. The girls, each in their own way, had noticed the handsome young architect, and thought of sexual play with him as the main object. John excused himself for a moment, supposedly to put his juice glass in the kitchen, but in reality, once he was in private, to quickly reach into his pants to adjust his hardening member. He couldn’t believe his attraction to the now not so prissy librarian, wanting to rush her to his bed and fuck her brains out again. God, he was so horny he thought he could fuck a knothole in a plank. The long and short of it was they were all in an advanced state of arousal as they set to work. For a while, all of them worked diligently and it was surprising how fast the work went. John had assigned the second floor to the six girls and with sweat running down their chests between their pendulous tits they scrubbed, mopped, dusted, and cleaned. He, himself worked on the third, while Phoebe and Cynthia worked on the first.

When it came to cleaning toilets you would have thought it would curb the girls growing sense of licentiousness, but no, visualizing instead the countless number of pussies that had hung over these same toilets dripping sperm and semen as they were wiped clean. The girls worked their way down the hall saving the room marked private to the end. Once they were interrupted when a moving van arrived delivering six mattresses and boxed spring sets with bed frames to put them on. Four large boxes of linens, pillows, and bedspreads came with them and John set them to work making the six beds. Phoebe and Cynthia helped them heave the mattresses around into the rooms that had already been cleaned, before they once again disappeared. In the kitchen stood a new kitchen table and chairs along with a number of small appliances such as toaster, drip coffee pot, and microwave. Cynthia returned to her work in the dinning room not noticing that Phoebe was missing assuming she was working in another part of the main floor. The girls retuned to their work after putting away extra sheets and pillowcases along with the towel and wash cloths they had found at the bottom of one box.

Finally, they got to the room marked private and began scrubbing toilets and sinks until they shone. Because they were now together they were able to discuss the tall handsome architect that attracted them so as they had walked in the door. Mia, the six footer, who had always been the most forward of the six stood and said, “I wish I had the courage to tell him in here buddy,” as she blatantly rubbed her pussy through the material of her short shorts bringing the other girl’s attention to the wet stain of arousal on her crotch. 

Wendy, the shortest of the six, turned and wiggled her ass at them and said “I bet he’s like to try a little of this. Wendy, although just eighteen had a fondness for being penetrated in the ass and had trained her asshole to be most flexible. 

Sue, the red head, loved her own tits and lifted them. “I’m sure he’d suck on these she said.” She licked one nipple through the thin material of her blouse. 

Julie, the darkest haired of them all, looked at them all and said, “He won’t touch any of us like this.” They all looked around at each other noticing that they were not only sweaty from the vigorous work but much of the grime had managed to transfer itself to their bodies. All of them suddenly remembered they had been cleaning toilets. God knows what had gone on around them. 

Jean, the quietest of them all suddenly announced, “My pussy’s gooey!” Each of the others knew theirs was too but didn’t admit it. Jean was always succinct, never using a word more than necessary.

Each suddenly felt icky and Mary the blonde said, “Look, I’ll run and get some of those towels and we can all have a shower. I’m sure John won’t mind, we’ve got this place neat and tidy. As long as we clean up after ourselves, I am sure a shower will just help clean the shower area.” 

Mia told them she had found a bar of soap she was sure John had left in one of the small bathrooms because the soap wrapper had been on the floor. Mia and Mary left the bathroom on their respective errands while the other girls began to strip, each hanging their clothes on the hooks they found on the back of the stall doors. When the two girls returned they found the four others already in various stages of nudity with Wendy, the littlest one in terms of height already under a shower. Soon all were under the six showerheads bodies slick and slippery. Jean announced, “It smells!”  Then all the girls noticed the strange smell that now pervaded the room seemingly growing stronger by the second. As it strength increased their pussies wept. Their loins on fire, needy, wanting, empty. Wendy’s little brown wrinkle opening slightly on its own accord. 

Meanwhile Cynthia was suddenly overwhelmed by an urge to bury her tongue in Phoebe’s sweet pussy, to feel her orgasm on her mouth. She went looking for her lover but couldn’t find her on the main floor. When she climbed to the second she heard the laughter and giggles as well as the sound of the showers. She was sure that Phoebe wouldn’t be in with the young girls she searched some of the bedrooms calling softly for her friend. Still searching she made her way to the third floor quietly walking down the hall to the back bedroom. As she approached, she noticed the strange smell that Phoebe and she had noticed yesterday. Just remembering the joy that Phoebe had brought to her needy cunt caused her to excrete more mucilaginous exudate onto her already sticky thighs. Her nipples began to ache with and ache that only a good sucking would alleviate. 

Strangely, she wasn’t surprised when she entered the bedroom to find Phoebe’s succulent ass firmly griped by John’s hands. Naked as the day she was born, Phoebe had mounted on top of John, sliding her horny pussy back and forth over John’s prick, using it like a swizzle stick, stirring the embers of passion deep in her loins. Occasionally she’d dip her shoulders allowing her smallish tits to come in range of John’s mouth. Sometimes one of her tits would disappear entirely into his mouth, proving that a mouth full was more than good enough. Normally, in these circumstances Cynthia would have run from the room deeply embarrassed by her accidental viewing of such an intimate act. In this instance her own oppressive horniness held her in the room, hand cupped beneath her skirt to stop her drippings from reaching the newly cleaned floor. Inexorably it was not enough and she licked her palm clean before sliding two fingers over her clit and deep into her pussy forgetting all about her drippings. Her cunt was now on fire, craving the very cock that had buried itself deep in her friend’s cunt. By the sounds of their moans and Phoebe’s mewing cries John would soon make his creamy deposit deep in Phoebe’s humping genitalia. It was such an arousing sight, John’s powerful staff, shiny and slick with Phoebe’s bountiful emissions. They began to power fuck, humping, heaving, thrusting, until John with a series of grunts that combined with Phoebe’s cries, sent deposit after deposit into Phoebe’s receptive body. Phoebe collapsed onto his chest gasping for air. His softening phallus squeezed from her by her cunt’s contractions, followed by a dribble of semi-transparent whiteness. 

To Cynthia’s over the top lust, it was a delicious sight, demanding her tongue to follow where his cock had been. To suck his male seed from her female center, to satiate momentarily the fire that coursed through her being. Before Phoebe could react, she found herself yanked from John’s body and rolled onto her back, her leaking gash vulnerable as Cynthia’s mouth stole from her receptive cunt. Phoebe’s only reaction was to grab the grey haired head and pull it harder against her pussy bruising her friends lips with her need while she sought a second orgasm almost as satisfying as the first. Phoebe felt the orgasm was sufficient payment for the theft of John’s potent seed from her cunt. John, however, watching this demonstration of self-gratification, hardened once more. Cynthia might be an elderly woman, but damn that hot receptive pussy looked young enough. Phoebe eyed John’s hardening and realized if she lay low and bided her time, she would be able to steal some of her man’s cream back. 

Down stairs, while Cynthia had passed them on her way to the third floor, things were heating up. Although they didn’t know it the strange scent had made them so libidinous they were unselfconsciously rubbing lubricous pussies and pulling on nipples in front of each other. They passed the soap back and forth lathering twelve tits and six pussies well beyond the point of cleanliness, until Mia the bold soaped her fingers, stepped over to where Wendy was showering, and slid one then two fingers into her ass. The raunchy chatter about John’s potential for a sexual encounter came to an abrupt halt as Mia with her other hand cupped Wendy’s pussy, her index finger splitting her raggedy floppy labia, penetrating into her well-lubricated sheath. Wendy, double penetrated like she enjoyed, moaned out her appreciation into the suddenly quiet bathroom. Mia bent over as Wendy looked up at her and kissed her on the lips maintaining her sexual grip on her friend. Mia’s tongue reached as far as it could into Wendy’s mouth so that she was now triple penetrated. The other silently watched until Mia broke the kiss and said, “Don’t just stare, come here and help me with her. The girls gathered around Wendy adding fingers to asshole and cunt stretching Wendy’s holes like she enjoyed. Sometimes Mia would break the kiss allowing someone else’s cunt drenched fingers to bring flavor to Wendy’s mouth. Finally, Mary went to her knees and slipped her tongue deep into Mia’s gash before standing and replacing Mia’s tongue in Wendy’s mouth. This act initiated a general melee of fingers and tongues buried in each other’s cunts and mouths. 

The house wanted more. It realized that the floor would be hard and cold even with the warm water that still cascaded from the showerheads onto the floor. It began to pump heat off its sun-drenched roof into the concrete of the shower floor. It knew that once seriously warmed, the concrete would hold the heat for as long as it needed. It planted a few suggestions in the girls minds and soon the showers where turned off and the girls began lying down on the floor on their sides. After awhile they became attached to each other, mouth to pussy, pussy to mouth, until they formed a circle of female flesh each with a head between their legs, a tongue deep in juicy cunt. Mia maintained a finger deep in Wendy’s ass. The house began to play them like a fine instrument. It was the most difficult thing it had attempted to date. It adjusted their sexual tensity allowing each to search for orgasm but arranging it so their orgasms would be simultaneous. Upstairs while this was occurring John was bringing Cynthia to orgasm as Phoebe was enjoy her masturbatory fingers for the first time. The house was on a roll everybody was coming alone nicely, their tensity peaking. The house released it hold and orgasmic heaven rolled through the house amidst the moans and screams of pleasure. Quivering bodies racked by orgasmic shudders, throats raw, cunts and lips bruised and swollen by the intensity of humping bodies. The house actually moved a thirty-second of and inch on its foundation in its own semblance of ecstasy.

The girls disengaged, it was getting late and they all had dates that evening, they were no longer sure they wanted to go on. The boys were going to be disappointed that night. Upstairs John withdrew from Cynthia’s pussy and Phoebe took the opportunity to steal some of John’s delicious cream back savoring it in her mouth. Soon they were all dressed and trickled down to the foyer, the girls profusely thanked by John. The girls all told him they wanted to come back and help again. Their motivation not quite as altruistic as it appeared. Each really wanted to fuck his brains out. None of them realized that the despised supposedly virginal Phoebe was the key to his cock. The girls left with the mops and pails they had brought and John invited the woman to drop by tomorrow afternoon to meet his mother. Then they left, their pussies bruised and swollen, pleasantly sore, from the strong pounding John’s manhood had imparted to them. 

The house wondered what John’s mother was like. She lived too far away for it to know. It knew John had three sisters and a twin brother. It was how it had convinced him to buy so many beds.