 I was feeling like I was going to explode, Jill had slipped under me and was sucking my cock, Angie had three fingers in my ass and I was getting a mouthful of Cassie’s sweet pussy juice.

I felt Rich move up behind me and I felt Angie’s hand guiding his cock to my anus, I could feel the tip of his shaft touch my hole and it sent a shiver right through me. Jill must have sensed it and began to suck my cock harder. Rich pushed into me and Angie was reaching around and rubbing my shoulder and trying to relax me a bit. He pushed further and I felt his rock hard cock entering me, for a second it felt like he would bust me open but I relaxed and he slid into me easily and began to pump in and out slowly.

I was rocking back toward him to meet his thrusts and establish a rhythm all the while, Jill was sucking me from below. Angie had moved around to where Cassie lay and stood over her, legs spread, then slowly squatted down over Cassie’s face. I looked up to see her tongue darting out into Angie’s waiting pussy. 

This was amazing, here I was getting sucked off and fucked in my ass, licking a delicious pussy and watching my wife get eaten out by her co-worker, life doesn’t get any better.

Rich was picking up the pace and I felt that he was getting close to cumming, I too felt the buildup again and knew it wouldn’t be long before I came too. He was pumping into me harder and deeper and had his hands on my hips pulling me back to meet every jab of his cock and I began to cum, Jill knew and she worked my cock with everything she had as I exploded into her mouth…..

Angie was moaning loudly as she came and Cassie was bucking her hips up and grinding her pussy into my face even harder, then I felt Rich explode and fill my ass with hot cum.

It seemed like hours had gone by and I fell forward and to the side, exhausted. Jill rolled onto her back, Rich sat on his haunches and Angie and Cassie were laying there both totally spent.

I don’t know if it took long but we all just kind of drifted off into sleep.

I awoke to find that someone had covered me with a blanket and I looked around letting my eyes adjust.

I saw Jill still sleeping and then I heard voices from the sunroom. I got up and walked over and there was Angie and Cassie with Rich laying on his back, Angie riding his cock, Cassie on his face, they were kissing each other and rubbing each other’s breasts and nipples….. I went over to them and stood with my now hardening cock in between them, they both started to lick my shaft up and down, and as I looked over I saw Jill coming in to rejoin the party too.  It was shaping up to be a long and enjoyable night.

When Jill got to the tub, she looked over and smiled, I smiled back and winked, then beckoned her over to me with a nod.... she came around behind me and put her arms around my neck, leaning over and kissing me gently, I parted her lips with my tongue and began to explore her mouth, feeling her respond in kind. I was getting harder now and Angie and Cassie were both working hard at licking and sucking my member as I kissed Jill. Rich was enjoying Cassie's wet pussy and I could hear him slurping away as he moved his tongue back and forth between that and her ass.

She obviously was enjoying it as well, squirming around with each new thrust of his tongue, and angie was riding him like there was no tomorrow. 

I looked down at miy wife, her eyes met mine and she smiled, I nodded my approval and she sat back a bit so I could see Rich's cock sliding in and out of her wet slit.

She closed her eyes and her head fell back, she was moaning loudly now and I knew he was hitting her spot....it wouldn't be long now till she came hard.

Jill had moved around in front of me nad had picked up where the other two left off, she sucked my cock expertly, now knowing what I like from our previous encounters....

I reached down and began stroking my cock as she licked around the head and massaged my balls.

Her hand moved up and under my scrotum until her fingers were in touch with my anus, I knew she was going to tease me there until I begged her to slip her fingers into me, and I began to pump my hand up and down even faster, I wanted to cum in her mouth, I wanted to see her swallow every drop of my hot load. Just at that moment, Angie cried out that she was cumming and started to ride Rich's cock even harder, bucking up and down like she was on a horse, Cassie, began to cum as well and moved back onto Rich's face, I exploded into Jill's waiting mouth and she never missed a drop.

When I was done, she took great care to lick me clean and then moved around behind me, I turned my head and kissed her deeply, I could taste my sperm in her mouth and we played with each other's tongues for a few minutes. She pulled back and asked me to help her cum, she lay down and spread her legs open, I could see how wet she was and I quickly moved over to her and began to lick my way up her legs and thighs to her sweet pussy, I couldn't help but notice that we had aquired an audience, since they were done with their 'activities' for now. So I figured I'd better do an extra good job.

Ever since I first had sex, eating pussy was my most favorite of all sexual things, I prided myself on being able to make a woman cum hard form my tonguing and I had recieved many compliments over the years. Jill was no exception, and she was quickly succumbing to the sensations I was delivering. I moved a hand up and slowly inserted a finger into her soaking cunt, I could feel her close around it as I moved it deeper into her. She moved forward onto my 

mouth and when she did, my finger penetrated deeper, I moved another then a third into her in rapid succession, she began to writhe wildly around at the introduction of them into her love canal..... I pumped in and out of her while I licked and sucked on her swollen bud. 

Then without missing a beat, I removed my fingers from her pussy and inserted two into her ass, I felt the tightness there, and pushed forward, I got them in past the knucle and rotated my hand left and right a few times while moving in and out of her tight little rosebud. She went wild, screaming at me to fuck her hard there, she reached and pulled me up to her, her legs open as wide as they could, up and over my shoulders.... I pulled myself up and positioned my cock at her anus, I moved my hands down to her hips and pulled her closer to me, as I did, I could feel myself entering her there. She pulled her legs back, forcing me to ram into her ass hard, she screamed, 'Yes! right there!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK my Ass!!!",

I began thrusting faster and faster with each word and the more she yelled, the harder and deeper I plunged. She screamed that she was going to cum, and I fucked her like there was no tomorrow, I felt her ass tighten up on me and her legs were wrapped so tight around me I could hardly move my upper body, I leaned forward, she reached up and grabbed my face pulling me to her, her mouth closed on mine and we kissed, sucking each others tongues, she bit my lip and I could her her moaning as her climax reached it's peak.... she was cumming hard and I exploded again, filling her ass with more hot jism.

I rolled over to the side and we both fell back onto the tile floor, totally spent from what just took place. I opened my eyes and looked over at my wife, she had her hand between her legs and was rubbing her clit which was very swollen and red.... she had a strange look in her eyes, almost as if she was high, I smiled and she winked as she brought herself to yet another orgasm. 

The rest of the night turned out to be great, as I knew it would, everyone had gotten around to doing eache other, Rich and I had some more fun to the delight of the women and then we all finally got some sleep. Before we knew it the morning sun had come up and a fresh new day was here. Everyone got up, we ate breakfast, showered, dressed and after saying our goodbyes, everyone began to leave. We knew that we'd all eventually end up here again soon, in fact we had already planned to do just that in a few weeks.

I wished that we'd had more time to spend that particular weekend, but it gave us something to look foward to. Jill was the last to leave and as she gave me a hug on her way out the door, she told me that nobody had ever made her cum like that before. She looked at Angie and winked, and then added, " At least no MAN has". She laughed as she went out through the door and as it closed, I heard my wife say " I'm horny again, can you help me out?" I don't remember much after that, other than the fact I couldn't walk for almost two days and my cock was so raw it hurt to even put on skivvies. But hey, what can you do?

When we all get together again, I'll fill you in on how it went, until then, enjoy yourselves and others and play nice.