 Hope you like the continuing story..... Please see the first 2 chapters if you haven't read them yet. Let me know what you think! Enjoy.

*****

After yet another extremely intense session of sexual roulette, we showered and got dressed, the plan was to finish off some errands and get something to eat at one of the local restaurants that we frequent, then return home and get back into our little tryst.

Angie was dressed in a skin tight pair of Levis, with a low cut sweater that really showed off her cleavage, Jill was wearing a short skirt with a tight long sleeve very thin top. Both of them looked pretty hot and I was thinking that I would rather skip the running around and the restaurant and stay there in bed with them, but there were things that had to be done before we could get into another erotic and satisfying encounter.

We finished up a little earlier than we thought we would and headed over to the restaurant, once there we got seated, ordered a couple of drinks and looked over the menu. I decided to make it a light meal for myself, I didn’t want to feel uncomfortable when the fun started later in the evening.

I heard someone call out Angie’s name and she looked over at a table a few feet from us, there was a guy and a woman sitting there and the woman had noticed Angie. She came over and my wife got up and gave her a hug, they exchanged a few pleasantries then Angie introduced her as Cassandra, (who asked to be called Cassie) a woman she worked with. We made all of the formal introductions and I noticed the man she was with looked a little out of place. I suggested that they join us and we could get a large booth or table. She went over to her date and he agreed. He came over and we were all introduced, his name was Rich and he was in town for some training with a company that did business with my wife’s employer.

Cassandra was about 25 years old, Latina with long dark brown hair and coal black eyes that were very sexy, she had a great smile and perfect lips that were just right for just about anything you could imagine. At about 5 foot 4 inches she was not as tall as Angie or Jill but definitely had a fantastic body, her breasts were probably a 36C and her hips were nice and curvy with a great ass and fantastic legs. I was thinking that I’d like to see a little more of her sometime and wondered if she would be into the escapades that we were all enjoying this weekend. I guess I’d have to wait and see.

I noticed that Jill hit it off with Rich, they seemed to be from around the same area originally so they had a common interest to get into a conversation. He was a pretty good looking guy, about 5’10, 185 or so, light brown hair, pretty athletic looking, I know that both women had looked him all up and down when he came to the table. Rich seemed pretty laid back, letting Jill do most of the talking, with an occasional interjection or laugh. We all finally ordered and refreshed our drinks and just got into talking about different things while we waited for our food.

The subjects ranged from the weather to politics, to local history and then of course into sex and such……

Jill was the first to bring it up of course, she seemed to be fishing for something I suspected, she had asked Cassandra if her and Rich were just dining together or were they into anything more than that. Cassandra told her that at the moment it was just dinner, but who knows what might happen later, I looked over at Rich who was acting kind of shy and maybe a little embarrassed at being talked about in a third party manner by the two women. Angie noticed it as well and asked Rich if he had any interest in contributing to this idea of what Cassie might have been suggesting, he simply smiled and shrugged and said " whatever happens, happens." 

Well…….. with that being said I can tell you that what did happen wasn’t something I expected.

After dinner we had another round of drinks, then Angie, Jill and Cassie went to the restroom to freshen up. While they were gone, I asked Rich what he thought of Cassie, he said she was okay, but that he had been really thinking about Jill during most of the meal. I gave him a knowing look and didn’t say anything but I was thinking he was a pretty good judge of character when it came to women. Cassie was nice enough, but a little boisterous for my taste and maybe a bit of a showoff as well, but not to the point of embarrassment.

When the ladies returned, they suggested we all go back to the house and hang out a while. I said that was fine with me, Rich didn’t seem to mind one way or the other, so that’s where we headed.

Once at the house, we all got comfortable and Angie asked if we wanted drinks, I got up to help out there and Jill was over looking through our DVD and video collection for something to watch on TV.

She found a videotape and put it in the machine. We were sitting there waiting for the start of the show and I have to tell you that I almost shit when I saw what came on the screen next! There was Angie in all her amazing nakedness, with a couple of fingers in herself and the other hand caressing her nipple on her left breast. I looked at everyone, and they were transfixed on the image on the screen, Angie looked at me and had one of those looks of horror on her face, but she seemed frozen in her seat and unable to say anything or move. Jill on the other hand made some comment about the scene and said something to the effect that it looked better in real life than in a movie. Cassie and Rich were intently looking at the TV and seemed very interested in what they were both seeing.

I was floored, I had no idea that Angie had ever videotaped herself masturbating let alone leave it in the cabinet here to be found ‘by accident’.

Cassie made a comment out loud, I think it may have been just her thinking to herself and not really meaning to say anything, but she said, Angie looked good enough to eat in that position!

Rich heard it as we all did, he looked at Cassie then at Angie, then at me…..

Angie gave Cassie a strange look as if she thought she didin’t hear it right, Cassie seemed very embarrassed at what she had blurted out, and then out of nowhere Jill says, " Angie has the most sweetest tasting pussy I have ever tongued." That was it. We were done right then…….. Cassie almost fell off her chair, Angie’s eyes got as big as saucer plates and Rich and I both burst out laughing for whatever reason.

Jill looked at us and asked "What’s so funny?" I answered for both of us in some unintelligible response and Angie sat there not knowing what to say at all. Jill announced that she for one would like to get naked and get into the hot tub, she asked if anyone would like to join her, and Angie immediately got up and followed her through the door into the sunroom.

I thought that there was going to be some fireworks in there after Jill’s comment, but when we three got up and went into the sunroom, there was my wife and Jill locked in a very passionate embrace and kiss.

I thought to myself, "here we go again".