 As Lee and Lilly continued their attention to Sheila’s body, Kevin’s fingers pulsed a steady rhythm in her wetness. Her own hands began to wander up and down her body. Lee had gently squeezed one breast as his tongue danced on her nipple. Lilly did the same on the other side and ran her hand gently over Sheila’s stomach. 

As Kevin moved up to replace his soaking, wet finger with his mouth his throbbing erection was evident. One suck of her swollen clit made Sheila jump and then begin to moan deeply. One of her hands strayed from her own body and onto Lilly’s thigh. It slowly slid up her silky flesh until it found the wetness of Lilly’s sweet pussy. Lilly’s eyes widened and she looked as if she might pull away. But as soon as the initial surprise wore off, she moved into the subtle thrusts of first one slim finger, then two.

Lee was stroking his cock as he raised his head and kneeled to be at the same level as Lilly. He and Lilly kissed, hovering over Sheila’s body, which was arching as a result of Kevin’s expert tongue. As they kissed, Lilly continued to massage Sheila’s breast in rhythm with the fingering that she was receiving. Lee ringed the nipple of Sheila’s other breast with the head of his swollen cock. Her nipple stiffened even more in response to the warm, slick attention. 

Lee whispered into Lilly’s ear and they both stood. The look of disappointment on Sheila’s face was soon replaced by a lustful smile when Lilly straddled her, facing Kevin with one knee on each side of Sheila’s head. Lee then stepped up to Lilly from behind and slid his cock, slowly into her waiting pussy.

Sheila continued to get her sweet little pussy licked and sucked while she had a close up view of her friends making tender love. As she began to sound as though her orgasm was imminent, Kevin raised up and slid his cock into her. As he pumped in and out of her, Lilly’s finger found Sheila’s little love button and made firm, but gentle circles. Sheila’s clit was so sensitive that this set her off into an explosive orgasm. Lilly raised up and let Kevin bury his manhood even deeper to intensify Sheila’s climax. Kevin’s mouth found Lilly’s breast and sucked as he continued his in and out motion.

Sheila’s screams and contractions brought her mouth up against Lee’s balls as his cock slid deeper and deeper into Lilly’s wetness. She licked his balls and bit the tender area between his balls and ass as she finished her orgasm. This put Lee over the edge and his cock exploded into Lilly. Feeling his hot load while Kevin gently bit her nipples triggered her second orgasm of the night. She raised up and he cupped her breasts as their orgasms subsided together. 

Kevin tensed as he tried to hold his orgasm until the last possible moment, he then pumped his second load of hot cum deep into Sheila, sending her reeling again. Lee and Lilly leaned back and laid on the floor together so Kevin could lay over Sheila and embrace as their bodies sorted themselves out. Both couples, in their own spaces petted and kissed and embraced for a half hour before Sheila said she was ready for a cool, refreshing dip. 

Back in the water they went. They swam and played and embraced in the water. Then returned to the top deck to lay together and look at the millions of stars overhead. Lilly Mentioned to the group that there is nothing like a massage. She then suggested that each person get a 15 minute, six-hand massage. Macho overtook the guys until Sheila suggested that the men could do a scalp massage while the women handle the rest of the body. With their testosterone firmly in check, it was decided that the massages should take place right there on top of the boat and it was now Kevin’s turn in the spotlight.

Watch for chapter three!