 I could hear the shuffle of the rest of the group scrambling about the houseboat in the distance as I pulled a small black t-shirt over my head, I shook my shoulders to straighten the shirt so that it would hang properly across over my curves the bottom of the shirt hung just below my waist line only it only covered the waist of my bikini bottoms. I slid my feet into my flip-flops and headed to the bathroom. I turned on the light as I entered. Looking in the mirror there was still dried streaks of cum scattered over my features. I tried to open my mouth but the dried cum pulled tight across my skin before cracking and allowing my jaw its full range of motion. I turned on the faucet and splashed water on my face. As I toweled off I could hear inaudible screaming and shouting coming from the lower deck, the only words loud enough to make out were cuss words. I quickly fixed my hair and checked my face and neck one last time before hurrying down stairs to find out what the commotion was about.

As I walked out on to the front deck of the boat I caught Vance screaming at Mark and pointing out into the water. Everyone was standing around looking over the side of the boat. Tommy was unable to contain his laughter. Kali was wrapped in a blanket her hair highly disheveled her eyes barely open and was probably not all there. Cody and my sister were having some sort of serious conversion as they looked over the side of the boat.

"What the fuck are you trying to do, get us all killed?!!" Vance yelled, as he pushed Mark back against the helm.

"Chill the fuck out everything is fine!" Mark yelled back trying desperately not to make eye contact with Vance

"Even-fuckin-So if this boat is fucked up we are going to lose our fucking deposit, asshole" Vance yelled back.

"Can you guys just chill the fuck out, everything is fine and I'm tired." Kali asked wedging her way between Vance and Mark.

"No fuck this drunken asshole, falling asleep while stirring the boat." Vance yelled walking to the side of the boat and looking over.

"What is going on?" I finally asked.

"Mark's drunk ass, fell asleep with the engine still running and ran us in to sand bank." Tommy said laughing.

"Come check it out," Tommy continued, as he waved me over.

Tommy scooted to the side to give me room. I leaned over and sure enough we were a good two feet into a sand bank. It was two dark to see the extent of any damage or even how far the sand bank stretched on. Cody climbed over the side of the boat and landed on the bank. My sister quickly followed. The knelt down near where the boat had made contact to see if they could make out any sort of damage.

"Look fine to me bro!" Cody yelled to Vance.

"Hopefully when we back up it doesn't make it worse." Vance yelled back.

Mark hopped over the side of the boat to accompany Cody and my sister. Instead of inspecting the boat for possible damage he began to wonder away from the boat. He slowly faded off into the distance.

"Hey! Where are you going?" My sister yelled, the outline of Mark's white shirt barely visible at this point.

"I'm gonna see how big this sandbank is!" He yelled back.

My sister and Cody gave each other a quick glance, Cody shrugged and the both turned to follow after Mark. All three of them disappeared into the dark. I sat down and lit a cigarette. Tommy and Kali sat down to join me lighting up cigarettes of their own.

"Well that's just fuckin great. That's cool I guess I'll just leave us crashed against this fuckin' bank all night well you fuckers go exploring and shit." Vance said throwing his hands up and shaking his head. 

"Night baby girl, you hit me up later you get bored" he said smiling at me as he passed. He briefly placed his hand on my shoulder right before he disappeared into the boat.

"Ooh, what was that about?" Kali said, nudging me.

"I think somebody got them some hot chocolate earlier," Tommy said, laughing and doing a little dance.

"So...?" Kali said, her eyes staring at me waiting for the slightest hint of admission. 

"Maybe..." I said coyly

"Haha, you hella got choco-cocked!!" Tommy yelled.

"Shh, shut the fuck up! We didn't have sex." I said swiping at Tommy

"Oh little HJ action? Maybe some BJ action?" Tommy continued to tease.

"Nunya," I responded.

"Leave her alone if she doesn't want to tell you about her encounter with her first big black cock, she doesn't have to." Kali said trying to keep a straight face but bursting into laughter half way through.

"Oh fuck you guys," I said taking the last drag of my cigarette and flicking it off the side of the boat into the water.

I hopped over the side of the boat and headed off into the dark to see what the rest of the group was up to. I could hear the sound of the water splashing gently against the sand bank all around me. The moon lit my way as I wondered away from the light of the boat into the surrounding darkness. The air was cool from the light breeze that carried the waters chill across the air. I continued to walk looking in all directions unable to see any sign of my sister and the guys. As I wondered I enjoyed the serenity of my surrounding as I journeyed on. The boat was now a good distance behind me and no end to the sand back was in sight. 

"Fuck, I wonder if we just hit shore" I thought to myself. Just at the moment I could her voice in the distance to my right. I turned but could not see anything. I started off in that direction the voices getting louder as I walked. I could vaguely make out moving figures in the distance. As I approached and the figures became for defined I could hear the sound of male grunts and the muffled sound of my sister's voice. From this distance it looked like the guys were trying to pick up a log that hung between them. I finally reached a close enough distance that the moon clearly illuminated what was happening. Stopped nearly 25 feet from the group and looked on in shock, my first instinct was to look away but I stood there frozen my eyes trapped watching.

The log the guys were trying to pick up was not a log at all. My sister was on all fours her knees dug into the wet sand. Cody was on his knees behind her his hips smacking loudly against her ass. Cody's out stretched arm was holding her shirt that was tightly wrapped around her waist like a horse bridal allowing him to pull her back against his vicious thrusting. His other hand appeared to be free for the occasional ass smack as he spurred her on. On the other side Mark was also on his knees his hand placed firmly on the top of my sister's head. His cock slamming in and out of her mouth his ball appeared to be sucked up into a tight pouch from the cold air but smacking against her chin nonetheless. This entire scene was fully complemented by my sister large hanging tits bouncing back and forth with great intensity from the two ended assault. My sister's moans now more audible then before. It was obvious at this point that no one had noticed my approach. My struggle to look away continued.

"Fuck yeah! Take that cock you dirty little bitch!" Mark said, as he continued to pummel my sister cock hungry mouth with his dick.

"You like being filled with cock?" Mark continued, my sister response was muffled, but it was obviously a yes.

"You want some of this tight pussy bro?" Cody said, placing yet another loud smack against my sister ass.

"What do you think slut? You want to feel my fat cock deep in your little cunt?" Mark asked pulling my sister head up slightly to make eye contact. My sister failed to give an answer before Mark grew impatient waiting for it. He made a hard hip thrust jamming his cock to the back of her throat.

"I asked you a question bitch!" He yelled, as my sister chocked on his cock abusive throat thrust. He pulled his cock from her mouth to allow her to regain some composure.

"Yes...cough... please give me that fat cock," she pleaded still catching her breath.

"That what I thought. You trained this bitch well dude," Mark responded looking at Cody who still hadn't broken stride as he continued to fuck my sister from behind.

At this point I felt the compulsion to not only look away but walk away. I started to slowly back up but still couldn't look away. I looked on as Mark and Cody switched places, they were so focused on what they were doing I continued to go unnoticed. Mark making it on to his knees again as he settled into position his cock disappeared into my sister's pussy. Cody had also settled into position stroking his cock in front of my sister's face.

"Oh yeah, due you weren't lying this pussy is hella tight" Mark said as he slowly built his rhythm. 

Mark placed a few firm smacks on either side of my sister's ass, before he griped my sister makeshift shirt handle and began to fuck her hard enough that the smacking sound of his hips against her ass where now as loud as Cody's was before him. Cody was now leaning down to fondle my sister's tits. She was now moaning so loud it made me nervous. I think Cody's felt the same way because he quickly sat back up and forced his cock into her mouth to shut her up. He looked around nervously and that is when he spotted me. Our eye made contact for what seemed like an eternity. He smiled at me as my sister wildly swallowed his cock. 

"Oh fuck baby, I'm gonna fucking cum" Mark yelled.

"Don't cum in her dude!" Cody yelled finally breaking eye contact with me.

Mark pulled his cock from my sister pussy and began to stroke it over her ass. He grunted loudly his hand went from fast strokes to slow long ones that paused when he reached the base of his cock. I couldn't actually see his cum shooting out but I could make out the slight glisten on my sisters ass the moon light reflected off of it. 

"Ahhh that felt good! I needed that," Mark grunted as he fell on his side, leaving my sister on her knees his cum drying on her ass.

Cody looked back up at me as he placed both of his on my sister head and began to face fuck her mouth. His head eventually rolled back as he approached climax. 

"Here is comes baby, you ready to swallow your reward for being such a good slut?" He asked loudly.

"Mmm...hmm!" My sister moaned back. 

"Good, cause I'm gonna shoot it down your throat while your sister watches" He said, as he lifted one hand off her head and forced his cock in deep.

My sister's head turned slightly in my direction, it was obvious that she made out my figure in her peripheral vision, she tried to pull away but it was too late. Cody grunted and pushed her head down on his cock harder as he shot his load into her throat. I could see my sister's hard swallow as he fed his cum to her. With one last grunt he released my sister's head and pulled his cock free of her mouth. She immediately sat up and tried to pull her shirt up to cover her tits the effort was wild and in vein her shirt was a twisted mess from the recent activities.

"What the fuck are you doing?" She yelled at Cody. 

"You too what the hell is wrong with you?" She yelled now looking back at me.

"Oh shit how long have you been there?" Mark said, laughing as he popped up before I could even respond. 

"I was just looking for you guys I didn't know you came out her to... fuck or whatever." I said.

"Jesus Christ" she said finally managing to get her shirt on.

"You should have joined in," Mark said pulling his shorts up.

"That's my fucking sister, dickhead!" My sister and I yelled in unison.

My sister pulled her shorts up and then punched Cody in the arm. He fell back laughing. After everyone was now dressed we walked quietly back towards the boat. My sister walked along side me. The guys had fallen back a good distance and were talking behind us. 

"Are you okay?" She asked break the long silence.

"I'm fine I just didn't expect to happen upon that," I responded

"Sorry, I didn't know you were gonna follow us. It was a bad dare that turned into well, up till I knew you were there a good time," she said letting out a laugh.

"Hehe, like I said I'm fine, you're the one with sand embedded in your knees and cum drying on your ass," I laughed bumping up against her.

She smiled and we walked slightly leaning against each other. As we approached the boat we happened upon a whole other scene.