 At the end of July Dave and Karen left for their Alaskan cruise. Lani and Ka-lee began their house-sitting work feeling right at home. Ka-lee settled in nicely. He enjoyed the freedom to roam and explore with the added bonus of playing with Gwen and Sadie. Lani enjoyed the quiet atmosphere enveloping the property. She had finished her studies at the community college the previous week. Now she could relax and enjoy her time off in the seclusion of her surroundings. The only serious thought on her mind was how to tell Samantha about her veterinarian school acceptance at Oregon State.

During her school break Samantha taught a remedial class at one of her district's elementary schools. She had one more week to go and she would be free for the rest of the summer. Most of the time during the past couple of weeks her mind hadn't been on teaching. She realized she and Lani really didn't have as much in common as she first thought. Everyone has little quirks and Lani's were beginning to annoy her. She didn't have the heart to tell her new found friend Lani that she'd made up her mind to break up with her. She'd lay the blame on herself so as not to hurt Lani's feelings. She hadn't seen Lani for over a week so she decided to drop in at her parent's house to deliver the bad news.

Lani was outside enjoying her morning reading the Saturday paper while watching the dogs romp around when she heard Samantha's car on the driveway. The dogs greeted her as usual doing their wiggle dances and slobbering all over her. They followed her up to the deck and then back out into the yard to play some more and explore. 

Lani set the paper down and rose to greet her lover. Opening her arms wide for a hug she noticed Samantha wasn't as glad to see her. Samantha looked as if she'd been crying as she plodded up the three steps to the deck. Her tear stained cheeks caused some concern within Lani. Samantha embraced her not as a lover but as a friend, she obviously had something on her mind. Lani also noticed the lack of enthusiasm in her hug. She asked Samantha what the problem was, concerned for her friend's well-being. Samantha, head held down, pulled over one of the loungers. She took a seat, while gathering her thoughts. She looked up at Lani, took a deep breath and began her confession.

"I'd like to talk if that's okay with you, Lani."

"Of course, you don't look too happy, Sam. What's the matter?" Lani pulled her lounger closer.

"Remember back that first night when we got together? Then again in the morning? How I wasn't real sure about my feelings and you had to coax me a bit?"

"Yes, I think we were both unsure but then we slowly became sure and it was you that suggested we get a bit more exclusive if I recall. Are you having second thoughts?"

Samantha sighed, tears welling up in her eyes once again, "Yes, I am. Not only about being exclusive but the girl-girl thing too. I enjoy the intimacy, the orgasms and the friendship we have but I don't think I want all that right now. I'm still confused about it all. I'd like to take some time to think about what's happened in the past three months. I don't want to hurt you but it's gnawing at me."

Lani moved closer to her, placing an arm around her friend. She began tearing up also as she also confessed her feelings.

"Sam, it's okay. I know it's been tough for you, I could feel it at times. I loved your enthusiasm but I could sense some hesitation at moments when there shouldn't have been any. I was going to talk to you about us because I've been accepted at Oregon State in the vet program. I plan on moving to Corvallis in October. I'm starting there in the winter term but I want to find a place and hopefully a job. Don't be so hard on yourself. We both tried and it just didn't work. I still like you as a friend and more."

Now they were both in tears. Samantha turned to face Lani, she pulled a couple of tissues from her purse, handed one to her now ex-lover and blew her nose. Lani took it and instead of using it herself, she dabbed Samantha's cheeks drying the tears before they managed to fall from her face. 

"Lani, you're so sweet. Congratulations on being accepted. I know you'll make a great veterinarian. I need time, that's all. Maybe I am bi, maybe I just like sex, maybe I was just lonely and needed a friend. I don't know."

"Hey, stop your crying, we're still friends and if you want an orgasm I'll happily oblige you." Lani grinned trying to lighten the mood.

Lani continued, "Thanks, I wasn't sure how to tell you so this actually is a good thing." 

Samantha took a deep breath, composing herself, "I guess so. It doesn't feel that good right now. But, I'm glad you're getting into vet school, you'll love being down there. I'll come visit and show you around. Maybe take you up on that orgasm offer too." 

Samantha sniffed a bit as her tears stopped flowing. She managed a giggle as Lani squeezed her shoulder then kissed her cheek.

"Any time, Sam. You will always have a place in my heart. Don't ever forget that."

"I won't and you will always be very special to me also. I just wanted to drop by and get this off my chest. Thanks for being you and understanding."

"You aren't staying? I have tons of food left that your parents bought for me. Stay and let's have dinner and just kick back."

"I'd love to but if I do we'll end up in bed and that will just mess me up more. I'll stay for lunch but that's it. It was hard enough to do this. Staying will only make it worse for me."

"Oh, alright. I was just going to lay out and watch the pups. Why don't we grab the throws. We can talk more while we wear the pups out."

"Sounds like fun, thanks again, Lani."

With that they kissed one last long kiss good-bye. Afterwards they got up, slipped on the rubber boots with the ducks on the sides. They each grabbed a throw for the dogs then walked hand in hand to the edge of the water. Their tears subsided and the subject changed to more pleasant talk. Lani called Ka-lee and of course Gwen and Sadie followed. When they saw the throws they immediately jumped in the pond anticipating a splash. The girls spent about twenty minutes tossing for the dogs, getting themselves splashed on when they'd return their prey. When the dogs began to look tired they took them back to the house hosing them off and confining them to the deck to dry off. 

The girls overall mood was a somber because of the break-up but they made it through. After lunch Samantha kissed and hugged Lani good-bye, promising to keep in touch. Lani wondered if that would really happen since she was going to move. It was only a little over an hour to Corvallis but to Lani it seemed it might as well be on the other side of the world. She'd experienced break-ups before and promises to keep in touch rarely were fulfilled.

As Samantha drove away a feeling of relief enveloped her. She was glad the talk went as well as it did. She still had feelings for Lani but those were mostly between her legs. She'd help her move and visit her in Corvallis but as far as lovers, they were done. Her sexual world had been opened up by Lani and for that she would be eternally grateful. Someday the right person would come into her life, male or female. It was now just a matter of time, she hoped.

Dave and Karen would be home on Sunday afternoon. Lani had a lot to do between now and the move to Corvallis. Things would get better even though right now didn't seem so great. She was already missing Samantha which felt like hell. She paused during her dinner, broke down, and began crying. All three dogs noticed her weeping, they walked up to her, nuzzling her legs as she sat at the kitchen table, head in her hands sobbing. She sniffed a bit, then laughed at her pack as they bumped into her legs. It was if they knew she needed to take her mind off her troubles. She got up, quit feeling sorry for herself and played with all three. Life wasn't that bad after all.

Dave and Karen arrived home late Sunday afternoon. Lani was packed and ready to go home when they pulled up the drive. She was dressed in her usual shorts, flip flops and tee shirt since it was such a nice day. She let the dogs out to welcome them back, the wiggles, barking and joy the dogs expressed added to Dave and Karen's good mood.

Lani watched as Dave unloaded the bags from the car, she offered to help but Dave declined. Karen paused long enough from petting the dogs to greet Lani with a hug.

"How was the cruise?" Lani asked as she held Karen tight.

"It was great! We had a very good time. It will be tough getting back to doing things for ourselves. How were the dogs?"

They practically ignored Dave as he drug the two bags past them followed by the dogs. The two women held hands talking as they turned to head into the house. 

"I'm sorry to hear you and Samantha are no longer a couple. Then again we're thrilled for you getting accepted to vet school. You must be so excited!" Karen mentioned as they walked.

"Yes, we had a talk yesterday. I assume she called you with the news. Thanks, it was kind of a mixed up day yesterday." Lani sighed.

"She did, maybe it just wasn't meant to be. I'm glad you two are still friends, hopefully this won't affect us. We still want you to house-sit until you move. We had a few long talks while we were cruising and we'd like you to sit more if you want to."

"Oh? Nothing bad I hope. I've had enough bad news for one weekend, sorry, go on." 

"We plan on a couple more weekend trips and hope you'll be available." Karen's smile had a slight evil grin to it.

"I'm probably going to drive down to Corvallis a few times and look around for a place to live. Maybe drop off job applications then see the campus. I think I'll have time. Just let me know when."

As they stepped onto the deck the dogs came rushing past anxious to head back out to play since their greeting time was over. Dave held the door open watching Lani and Karen talk. 

"Did you happen to take anything out of the freezer for dinner, Lani?" Dave wondered.

She paused and looked over at him, "No, sorry. I didn't know what you'd be in the mood for or even if you wanted to cook."

"Dave, why don't you run to the store real quick and get something for all three of us. Lani is staying for dinner and I won't take no for an answer." 

"Okay, just what I wanted to do when I got back, dear. We should have phoned ahead. Something simple?" 

Karen countered, "How about spaghetti, garlic bread and a salad? That should be pretty easy. Don't forget some wine." 

Lani watched as they bantered back and forth regarding dinner. She was tired and didn't want to argue with their plans. She really didn't have to be anywhere and she missed talking with people. The dogs were okay to talk to but they never kept the conversations going long before they wanted a treat or to be let out.

Dave relented, kissed Karen good-bye then headed out to the store. Karen ushered Lani inside and straight to the kitchen where she poured them both a glass of wine. After handing Lani her glass she told her to have a seat at the table. She wanted more details about the break-up. Lani explained that Samantha said she was still a bit confused about her sexuality. Lani also gave Karen more details about her acceptance at Oregon State and they'd probably have broken up anyway with the distance. 

Karen nodded as she listened sipping her wine while plotting the evening's entertainment. When Lani was finished Karen told Lani she was sorry for the two of them. She had briefly talked to Samantha after they'd arrived and on the drive home. Samantha sounded melancholy during her version of the story somewhat like Lani sounded now. Karen reassured her as she did Samantha that break ups are part of life. We grow and learn from them and they make us who we are.

Lani sat back listening as Karen talked, sipping her wine and taking it all in. Suddenly she remembered the dogs, sprang up almost spilling her wine, heading outside to check on them. They had noticed that no one was around and had come back on the deck to lay down and nap. Lani was relieved when she saw them, turning to go back inside she bumped into Karen who had followed her to the door. They stood in the doorway face to face, Karen having a lustful look in her eyes.

"Oops, sorry Karen. I didn't know you followed me." Lani felt a familiar tingle being so close to Karen once again.

"I'm not sorry, I've been wanting to get close to you since before we left. I just didn't want to do anything because of Samantha." 

Karen's hands slipped around the young woman's waist pulling her closer. 

"What about Dave? I recall that was a road block last time we were this close ms. straight cat," Lani's voice suddenly having a lustful purr to it.

"Did I mention Dave and I had a few long conversations while we were cruising?"

Karen began swaying back and forth with Lani, her hips moving against the young woman's pelvis. At first Lani just stood there looking into Karen's eyes then after a few gyrations she matched Karen's movements. Their voices became hushed as they slow danced in the doorway.

"I think you mentioned that ms. straight cat," Lani's hands massaging Karen's back. The wine and closeness helping to reignite the passion within the two women.

"Well, I got a bit tipsy one night, there was this girl who looked a lot like you on the ship. I happened to mention quite a few times to Dave how hot she looked. In fact, I couldn't get her out of my mind even when we went back to our room."

"So what happened? Did you two meet her?"

"No, I fell asleep and he brought it up in the morning. We talked about it quietly during breakfast then off and on for the rest of the cruise. We decided that since you and Sam were involved we wouldn't say or do anything that would cause any drama. Now that you two are no more I was thinking the three of us might talk. That is if you want to."

Lani continued her caresses as she thought about what to say. After a few moments she looked into Karen's eyes and saw the sincerity in them along with the lust.

"You know I'm attracted to you, that goes without saying. Dave is pretty nice and I like him. I just got done crying over Sam and I don't want to get into something that she might become aware of. I don't want any commitments because I'm moving. I don't want..."

Karen got tired of everything Lani didn't want so she pulled Lani tighter to her, kissing her as if they were lovers. Lani's hands froze on Karen's back sighing as her body relaxed in the older woman's arms.

Karen having satisfied her urge released her new love, "I just want to know what you do want. Dave and I won't tell Samantha so the only way she'd know is if you tell her. Dave and I both want you. We can figure out how but it's all up to you. I know you want me and I hope Dave fits in there too. I don't want to torture him by knowing I have you and he doesn't. I won't go behind his back either. This all has to be open between the three of us. So, sweet Leilani, would you like to play with Dave and I? No commitments, no telling Sam."

"You can be very persuasive when you want something my yummy straight cat. Do you want to tell Dave or shall we surprise him?"

Karen's grin became evil again, "I had a feeling you'd see it our way. Let's surprise him after dinner, shall we?" 

Lani pressed Karen into her once again leading to another sloppy kiss. 

"Hopefully I can maintain my composure." Lani smiled as they parted.

"I think you'll be fine, my sweet bi kitten."

"How do you want to surprise him?" 

Karen laughed, "I don't have a clue. Let's just play it by ear and see what unfolds."

"You're sexy when you're mischievous."

"Why thank you my dear. You're sexy all the time. Let's go back inside and talk for a bit. I don't want him suspecting anything. We'll drop hints during dinner to see what kind of reaction we get out of him. If he plays along we'll jump him after we're done eating. How's that sound?" 

Lani's expression turned to one of curiosity as she responded to Karen, "I don't know if I can hold out that long now that you've gotten me in the mood but I'll try. I seem to do things here I've never done before. What is it about you that makes me want to try new things?" 

Karen took her hand leading her back inside, "I don't know. I may be at a stage in my life where I want to be adventurous. You just happen to be willing to come along with me to be part of that adventure. You're not having any regrets about any of this are you?"

Before they closed the door Lani called the dogs inside. They sprang up eager to come in hoping there was a treat involved as a reward. They bumped into each other patiently waiting for a reward while blocking Lani's access to them. She managed to weave her way through the anxious canines stopping at the cookie jar that held their treats. Dipping her hand in the jar she looked at Karen and thought for a moment. The dogs now salivating in anticipation of their reward.

"No, not really. I kinda do regret that Sam and I didn't give it more time but that was mainly her choice along with my life goal happening. I know I'm leaving but long distance relationships have worked before. Not for me but they have. With her teaching schedule I couldn't see her driving down to see me as often as I'd like. Then with me working and studying I doubt I'd come up to visit. You two have a bit more freedom so there are more possibilities."

Much to the dogs delight she didn't take much longer doling out the treats. She made them sit tossing each a treat one at a time. Reaching in once more, she pulled out another for them since they were being so good repeating the routine. After closing the lid she sent them to their beds so she could talk more with Karen.

"Is this going to be like a one time thing or do you have plans for me to be like a plaything for you and Dave? That's something I won't do. I'm not a sex toy and I don't want booty calls when one of you is in the mood. I like you both and I love it out here. We'll have to have some sort of agreement if this is going to work out."

Karen was taken aback by Lani's sudden realization of what might occur. She really hadn't thought about a sexual long-term relationship with Lani either with Dave or without.

"Lani, to be honest. I haven't thought about this beyond tonight. We, I mean all three of us might be uncomfortable or maybe jealous. There's also the possibility of Samantha finding out and I don't know how she'll take it. I think Dave will like this but I could be wrong. We can give it a try and see what happens. Hopefully if someone doesn't like what's going on they will say something. It's about pleasure along with a bit of exploring, nothing else. At least that's how I picture it."

Just as she finished her explanation the dogs jumped up hearing the car on the gravel drive. Lani let them out to greet Dave. She followed them out to help him with the groceries if he needed assistance. Karen sat down at the kitchen table sipping her wine and thinking about after dinner along with what Lani had said.

Before she'd managed to swallow her second sip, the dogs were back at the door waiting to come back in. Dave and Lani were seconds behind them each with a bag making idle conversation. They set the grocery bags down on the kitchen table then began unloading them. Dave sighed not looking forward to making dinner after having been waited on for a week.

"Okay, I got a Caesar salad mix, fresh pasta, along with that gourmet sauce you like. I was thinking about the stuff we canned but I didn't know if Lani liked spicy so I opted for the store sauce. Two kinds of Italian sausage, and a baguette. Plus, a couple of bottles of red wine, a Merlot and a Cabernet. Since I went to the store you can cook it my love." Dave winked at Karen.
