 "Cum on her tits, Simon, so I can lick it off." It was Iris behind me, reaching around, to squeeze and stroke the shaft of my cock while Ally sucked the tip. Her instruction came in the nick of time, as I was just beginning to feel that stirring in my balls. I put my hand over Iris's, gave a loud moan and let loose over Ally's chest, the first spurt coating her turquoise necklace and throat, the rest draining across her tits and perfect, puffy, young nipples.

Iris continued stroking long after the last drops had dripped onto Ally, slowing down gradually, an experienced finish to a hand job. I leaned back against Iris and turned my head to give her a quick kiss on the lips. "It's all yours, Babe." I sat in a lawn chair beside the two of them so I could watch while Iris slowly licked up the sticky cum, coating her tongue and lips, then shared it with Ally in a long, sloppy kiss.

"Did you like it, Ally," Iris asked? Then, looking over at me, "that was Ally's first taste of a man's cum."

"I liked it that way," Ally told her lover. "I don't know if I would have if Simon had cum in my mouth, but it was very sexy sharing it with you."

As the two lovers continued kissing and petting, I was feeling like a third wheel, which indeed I was. I was a convenient toy cock for this young lesbian couple to play with. I was under no illusions about that but, of course, I had no objections.

Six months ago Ally and Iris had become my tenants, moving into the other side of the duplex I had bought with the lump sum from my disability settlement. The idea was that I'd have a place to live while the rental unit would pay the taxes and utilities. I hadn't realized the girls were a couple until I began hearing them in their bedroom, which shared a wall with mine. I was fascinated right from the start. After that first night of hearing their muffled lovemaking, I invested in a professional grade stethoscope so I could better listen in.

"Oh, yes, Ally. Just like that. God I love your tongue in my pussy. Lick my clit. Oh, yessss! Put your thumb in me now."

"Cum for me, Iris, baby. Cum in my mouth. You're so wet and you taste so gooood!"

The two of them would go on like that for an hour or more almost every night. On the weekends it might have a quick session during the day. They were like a honeymoon couple.

At the back of the house we shared a patio. I'm fond of grilling out and their third week in the unit, I threw on a couple extra boneless chicken thighs and invited the girls to eat with me. They came out for dinner dressed, or barely dressed, in shorts and tight tank tops, Iris showing plenty of cleavage. Though I knew by then that they were a couple and much too young for me, I thoroughly enjoyed the sight before me and fought mightily to keep my intermittent erections hidden through the impromptu party.

Halfway though what turned out to be a very pleasant evening, Iris caught me. She looked away quickly when I saw her staring at the lump in my Dockers. She was polite and said nothing. Up to that point we were having a nice conversation interrupted by frequent laughter. I hoped Iris understood that an evening of exposure to two lovely young bodies was all a middle-aged man could bare. She apparently took no offense.

That night I was privy, thanks to my stethoscope, to a most unexpected private conversation about me.

"Well, Simon seems a nice enough guy. I had fun talking to him."

"Yea, but did you notice the bulge in his pants?"

"Well, he can't help that. Look at us. He was probably salivating too. At least he didn't do or say anything crude and he wasn't leering at us so I'll cut him some slack. I find it kinda flattering in a way."

The girls conversation faded away, replaced by silence at first, then by soft moaning as their nightly lovemaking began. I listened for as long as I could but I really needed some relief. I adjourned to the bed for some solo lovemaking of my own, picturing in my mind what has happening just inches away on the other side of that bedroom wall.

Interesting and stimulating as it was, the girls sexual escapades was not the best part of sharing a bedroom wall. Their conversations were fascinating, and I couldn't help but notice how frequently my name came up.

"Do you think Simon knows we're gay?"

"Of course he knows. Don't we make it obvious?"

"I suppose so, but what if he doesn't have any gaydar?"

"He'd have to be blind and deaf. I think it turns him on. Guys are like that about lesbians."

As we got to know each other, Ally, Iris and I spent a lot of time talking, usually in the evening on the deck. I liked them both but I found Ally the most appealing as a person. She seemed sweeter, more innocent than her partner, less worldly. She had the more petite body, small pointy tits, tight, round ass. She often wore her long reddish blonde hair in french braids, which made her look younger than her twenty-two years. Her skin was smooth and glowing. I sometimes teased her about what I might find if I connected the dots of her freckles.

Iris was taller, darker and older. Her brunette locks were wavy, cut short and sassy. Her olive skin was nearly flawless. She was more substantially built than her two-years younger lover, thighs a bit on the heavy side, butt broad but firm. She featured a pair of spectacular breasts which, though large, rode high on her chest. When she was bra-less the nipples stood up enticingly. How I envied Ally's access to those.

"I wonder if Simon masturbates while he's thinking of us together."

"Iris, that's gross. I don't want to picture that. I like Simon."

"I'll bet he does. How could he not think about that hot little body of yours?"

"Stop it, Iris. What about you? Look at those breasts of yours. I bet he's thinking about them right now. I know I am. I've been thinking about them all day."

"They aren't my breasts. Not any more. They're yours now. Do with them whatever pleases you."

I could picture Iris peeling her shirt off over her head and offering those gorgeous nipples to her lover, sighing to myself at what I saw in my minds eye, Ally approaching Iris and sliding her lips over one hard nipple, biting it playfully before sucking it into her mouth. I sat heavily on the edge of my bed with my head in my hands. I didn't know how much more of this I could take.

Turns out, I could take quite a bit. The nightly love fest next door turned to nightly masturbation for me, with some of the most intense orgasms I'd ever experienced. I went from a once a week guy to nightly, occasionally going for seconds. It would with me at my listening post, stethoscope in one hand, cock in the other. At first, I'd feel a little funny about it when I saw the girls the next day. I soon got over that. I gave some thought to bugging the girls bedroom in some way, with a mic or even a camera, but that idea was short-lived. At least with the stethoscope there was no chance that I'd ever be caught. Besides, Ally was right. I am a nice guy.

Within a couple of months of their moving in, Ally, Iris and I had become friends. They talked openly about their relationship. Privately, each of them had even confided in me some of the little problems they occasionally had with each other. Nothing serious, just ordinary issues that come up between couples, but it made me feel close to them that they had confidence in me to keep their secrets and share what little wisdom I could.

"Iris, do you ever wish I was a guy?"

"Of course not, Baby. I love you and I love your body."

"I know, but don't you ever wish I had a cock. You used to like them, or so you told me when we first got together. Do you ever miss having a real cock in you? I love fucking you with our little toy, but do you ever wish it was real?"

"No. I think we're perfect together. I don't need anything else. Why are you even asking?"

"Just thinking. I wonder sometimes if you miss it, sex with a man I mean. If you did, I'd probably be hurt, but I'd try to understand."

"You'd have nothing to fear, Ally. No man will ever do for me what you can. What about you?"

"Well I can hardly miss it. I was only ever with one man, Joel. I don't have anything to compare him to except you and it's no contest. I don't think any guy will do for me what you do either."

As Ally and Iris grew comfortable in their surroundings, they volunteered to help out around the place. They helped in the small garden I tended. Iris cut the grass one Saturday. I repaid them by cooking for them and a couple of times called for takeout and included them. One night, after burgers on the deck an after we had all had several beers, Ally asked, "why don't you have a girlfriend, Simon? You're such a nice guy and pretty good looking."

"I was married once, had some girlfriends too but I swore off women a couple of years ago. It seems I got to the age it just wasn't worth it anymore. For a man my age it seems all that's out there are divorcees looking for help raising their teenage kids. That's not for me. I'm not good looking, young or rich enough to have a lot of choices."

"Don't you miss having sex?"

"Well, maybe the idea of it more than the actual act. I probably wouldn't be very good at it now. I used to be, I think. Never had any complaints, but it's been awhile."

"Iris and I have noticed your erections sometimes. Is being around us hard for you?"

Iris giggled at that. "Ally did you listen to what you just said?"

"What? What did I say?"

"Hard. You said hard."

I laughed first, Ally followed. "I guess that was pretty funny."

"Let's change the subject, ladies, talk about something besides my erections.

"I'm sorry," Ally said. "I didn't mean to embarrass you."

"It's okay, Ally. The beer has loosened your tongue. The last word I'll say on the subject is look at the two of you. Why wouldn't any man get hard around the two of you. Now, new subject."

We were up talking until nearly three in the morning. Ally and Iris sat close and as the beer flowed and inhibitions faded, they were touching and holding hands. Their affection for one another was obvious. I was a little uncomfortable at first but once I relaxed, I found I thoroughly enjoyed watching the two of them together. Finally, Iris said, "Come on Ally it's late. Let's go to bed so Simon can get some sleep." They stood and, still holding hands, walked through the sliding glass door of their apartment. I went in shortly after and picked up the girls conversation with my instrument.

"I think Simon is lonely," I heard Ally say.

"It's his own choice to be alone," Iris told her. "You heard what he said."

"Yeah, but I think it's sad. I wish there was something we could do for him."

"We already are, Ally. We were good company for him tonight. He likes being around us. He's always feeding us and stuff. We've been good for him. Maybe he'll get horny enough watching us together that he'll do something for himself. Maybe it'll motivate him to find himself a woman."

One day I was doing some weeding in the garden. Ally came out onto the patio by herself and stepped down to where I was working. She knelt beside me and started helping. Soon she had a sheen of sweat on her body and eventually her tank top began sticking to her skin, her nipples were clearly outlined and their light pink color began to show through the thin fabric. 

"Where's your lovely partner," I asked.

"She fell asleep on the couch. I saw you out here and thought I'd come out and lend you a hand."

"Well thanks Ally. That's nice of you."

"You've been so nice to us since we moved in here, Simon. I want you to know we really appreciate it. I won't say you've become like a father because I don't want you to feel old, more like a big brother or a nice uncle."

"Why thank you Ally. That means a lot to me. More than you probably know."

"We worry about you, though. We don't like that you're alone and not doing anything about it."

"Perhaps I will do something about it someday. When I'm ready."

I looked over at Ally. Her young face had an earnest look. She caught me glancing down at her nipples but she didn't recoil. Instead the twisted her body toward me, put her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly. "You can look if you want, Simon. I don't mind." She kissed me on the cheek. I kissed her on the forehead. My arms went around her and I pulled her into a closer hug, feeling her body press into mine. I could feel my cock stirring. So could she. "You're horny and lonely, Simon. I could help you with that."

I said nothing. We stood together and Ally led me over to the lounge chairs on the deck. The privacy fencing screened us from any neighbors. Ally sat me in one of the chairs and knelt in front of me. She reached for me and pulled down the zipper of my shorts. She gently caressed my erection through my underwear, then pulled pulled my cock out into the open air and wrapped her tiny hand around it. "You're so hard Simon, and warm. You have such a nice cock. I want to make you cum. Just relax and enjoy."

I dropped my head back and reveled in the attention this beautiful young woman lavished on my cock. She began with a sweet combination of squeezing and stroking, pausing to rub the head with her thumb. She had some obvious experience with hand jobs. As she stoked with one soft hand, she cupped my balls gently with the other and massaged them. "You like this, Simon. I can tell. I want you to cum for me. Would you like to see my tits?" She paused long enough to lift her top, exposing her small breasts and their puffy pink nipples. She pulled my head to her and practically forced a nipple between my lips. "Suck my nipple while I jerk you off, Simon."

I heard a soft moan from Ally as I tongued her nipple erect. I could feel it swell. At the same time she returned her hands to my dick and balls and began stroking firmly and rhythmically. I moved a hand to her crotch and rubbed my fingers firmly over her mound. She responded with more moans. My hand slid down so that I could work my way back up under the leg of her shorts. I could feel the moistness of her panties and pressed my fingers against her slit. "Hmmm, Simon. You're going to make me cum too." She squeezed her thighs together around my hand, increasing the pressure. I didn't last long. Neither of us did. I think we were both caught up in the excitement of this unexpected moment. I spilled my seed over Ally's hand and over my clothes. She squeezed me tightly as she came herself, not a huge extended orgasm, but satisfying judging by the look on her pretty face. I pulled my lips from her nipple, giving it a final kiss.

"You're a mess, Simon," Abby said, wiping my cum from her hand onto my shorts. "You'd better go change."

That night there was an animated conversation that I overheard though my stethoscope.

"Abby. I saw you and Simon together. What were you thinking? Why would you do that to me?"

"Oh, Iris. I'm so sorry. I was going to tell you, really. I was in the garden helping with the weeding and Simon just seemed so vulnerable. I wanted to help him. I just wanted to hug him, but I let things get out of hand."

"Seems like you had things more in hand than out of hand. So, did you like it?"

"Be mad at me, Iris. Not at Simon. I was the one who started it. I just felt like once I got him turned on I couldn't leave him like that. I didn't mean to tease him and once I realized I was, I just had to finish him. I didn't want to fuck or suck him."

"I'm only a little mad, Ally. I understand how it happened. I worry that we've both been teasing Simon without intending to. So, what was it like? Did you taste it?"

"Yuck. No. I've never done that. Joel always used a condom when we fucked. I've never tasted semen and I've never been curious to try."

"Well I've tried it and, thinking about another conversation we had, yeah, it's the one thing about having sex with a man that I miss. Having a man cum in my mouth gave me such a feeling that I was in control, that I was in charge. It's not so much about it tasting good. It's just so sexy to know how helpless a man is when his cock is in your mouth."

"I didn't feel that way when I sucked Joel's cock. It wasn't awful. It just didn't do much for me. I guess I wasn't doing it right."

"Well, if you ever feel compelled to do something with Simon again, and he's sure to expect it, there's one rule. You must never do anything again without me. Is that clear? And you also have to remember, it's only lust, not love. I'm the one who loves you. You're mine and only mine."

"I'll won't forget, Iris. You're my only love. If anything happens with Simon again, and I kinda hope it doesn't, it'll be because you want it to."

A few weeks went by. I saw less of Ally and Iris than usual. Nobody came out to help with the garden or the lawn. It wasn't exactly the silent treatment. The girls were polite and pleasant but they didn't engage me in any long conversations. I was feeling hurt by it and probably looking kind of sad. I continued listening through the bedroom wall. Ally and Iris made love regularly but there was an absence of my name in their conversations. Ally never brought up or acknowledged the incident between us had ever happened.

A warm night and all of us were drinking ice cold beer. Ally and Iris had been out to dinner earlier and were already tipsy when they came in about nine. They were sitting in lawn chairs next to each other, touching and nuzzling, driving me a little crazy. I finally decided it was time to have it out with them.

"Let's talk about it. You two have become distant. It isn't necessary. What happened between Ally and me was something neither of us planned and it doesn't ever have to be repeated. I don't expect anything more. As close as the two of you are, I'm sure you've discussed it and it doesn't seem to have affected the two of you except for the way you treat me. The whole thing was my fault. I hope soon we can move on."

Iris, once she was over the surprise of my frankness, was the first to chime in. "We didn't mean to change. Not on purpose. Ally was up front with me. She told me all about it. Actually, I was watching out the window so I already knew. I was ready to be furious, but I know Ally and I believe she was being kind but naive. What we've been worried about are your expectations. Once you had a taste, would you insist on more. Now I see, we both see, that you're not. I'm ready to put it behind us."

"You, Ally?"

"Me too. I'm sorry it happened, not for you, but for Iris. I owe her big time but she's a great person. She isn't punishing me for it.

"Good. I'm your landlord and your friend and that's all. Okay with you two?" Both nodded their assent. 

I went into the house to use the bathroom and I stopped to do some dishes I had piled in the sink. I left the girls on the deck, finishing their beers. When I finally returned, I found them together on a lounger, Iris on top, the two of them making out like the couple of kids they are. I thought about turning around and going back inside but no, I'm not going to tip-toe around the issue. I took a seat in a lawn chair and started watching as though I were watching a movie, a really good movie. It was several minutes before they broke off and discovered my return.

"Enjoying the show," asked Iris?

"Yes," I said. "Don't stop on my account. You've got yourselves all worked up now. Just ignore me."

They returned to kissing a petting. Soon Iris had worked a hand under Ally's short skirt, into her panties and was finger fucking her as they sucked each others tongues. Ally was working on Iris's top and soon had it off her and had pulled Iris further up on the lounger so she could reach her nipples with her tongue and lips. After a few minutes, Iris moved down to kneel in front of the chair. She managed to pull Ally's skirt and panties off over her ankles as she went. She was soon hunched over, worshiping Ally's pussy with her mouth. Before long Ally was writhing and moaning incomprehensibly. She stiffened and pulled Iris's face deeply into her, locking her thighs around her lovers ears. Ally screamed out, "do me Iris. Yes, just like that. Oh god. Oh god, it's so goood! She relaxed and fell back into the chair. With Ally quiet now, I could hear the sounds of Iris's continued licking and kissing of Ally's vulva. Then all was quiet.
