 Please read chapter 1 & 2 before beginning this chapter. While this chapter can be read as a stand alone story it is entirely dependent on the events of the earlier chapters. A writer thrives on your feedback. Please take a moment to vote and leave a comment if you feel so inclined. I hope you enjoy my scribbling.

*

I awoke, confused, to the sounds of nearby sex, wet flesh slapping wet flesh. 'Where am I?' I thought. Then it suddenly came back to me, the wonderful, lust-filled night I had spent with Sharon and Jim. I rolled my head to the side and saw the source of the sounds. Jim was fucking Sharon doggy style on the other side of the bed. From the sounds she was making it was evident that he was doing a very good job of it. I laid there watching, enjoying my voyeuristic reverie until the pressure on my bladder forced me to leave the warmth and comfort of the bed. 

As I got out of bed, I noted the time on the alarm clock on the nightstand. It was almost 9:00. I had slept later then I had in months. 'A well deserved sleep in,' I thought. 

I silently slid into the adjoining bathroom, attempting to not disturb Jim and Sharon's early morning fuck. Sharon cried out, signaling her joyous release, as I closed the door. I quickly relieved the pressure on my bladder. I was pleasantly surprised that my pussy was not as sore as I had thought it might be. There was a dull ache that served as a pleasant reminder of the previous evening's libidinous festivities. I did feel well and truly fucked and was marvelously happy about it. I reflected on the fact that this was a feeling I wouldn't mind having on a more regular basis. 

I slipped into the shower and washed the remnants of the previous night's activities from my slightly achy body. The warm water helped work out some of the tightness in muscles that had rarely been put through such a strenuous workout. After drying off, I found a new tooth brush that had been left out for me and also took advantage of the disposable douche that Sharon must have thoughtfully left for me as well. Feeling refreshed and almost human I quietly slipped back into the bedroom to check on the status of my lovers' sunrise sex. 

My timing was perfect. Jim was depositing his load into his wife's cunt as I entered. She was apparently enjoying her own orgasm as he filled her with his seed. Their mingled sounds of release greeted my ears as I slid back into bed. I smiled as I recalled the joy that had accompanied my own enjoyment of his sexual talents only a few hours before. 

I softly caressed both of them, making them aware of my presence. Sharon slumped forward from her position on her knees onto her belly. Just a hint of her husband's load gleamed on her still engorged labia. His cock, suddenly left exposed to the air, shined with a fine coat of their combined juices. 

Watching the conclusion of their early morning sexual aerobics relit the fire in my own pussy and gave me an idea. Finally speaking, I said, "I hope you don't mind if I volunteer for clean up duties this time."

"Mmmmm, no sweetie, go right ahead," Sharon moaned.

I leaned over and took Jim's slowly deflating cock in my mouth and twirled my tongue around it. I was rewarded by the exquisite co-mingled flavors that remained. I could taste both the distinct male and female flavors and at the same time the mixture of the two had its own unique characteristics. It was if the two mingled flavors complemented each other in a marvelous way. Sharon, having recovered slightly, rolled over and was watching me. She smiled as I sample their essence on her husband. I allowed his cock, now a mere shadow of it former glory, to slide from my lips and I smacked them with a satisfied grin on my face. I moved to Sharon and positioned myself between her spread thighs. A much larger meal awaited me there. 

I attempted to copy the slow gentle technique she had used on me the night before. I started on her thighs, licking the musky, viscous juices that coated her soft flesh. In addition to the taste was a heady aroma of sex that seemed to permeate the air between her thighs. I breathed deep and allowed this aroma to permeate my nose and sinuses, absorbing it with all of my olfactory nerves and tried to commit it to memory. My tongue and lips moved on to her labia, licking up the dew deposited there. My actions resulted in soft moans from Sharon as my tongue licked and then my lips sucked at her flesh. A pearly white, slightly frothy trail of thick liquid oozed from the mouth of her pussy and down towards the rosebud of her asshole. It tantalized me and drew me towards it, urging me on to taste it. A quick swipe of my tongue collected it and I swirled it inside my mouth, savoring the taste. The taste, as well as the naughty joy of experiencing the remnants of their fucking drove me on. I delved into the chasm of her recently fucked pussy and my tongue strove to sample the residue of their love making. I twirled my tongue inside her after I pealed back the engorged petals of her labia with my fingers, collecting the juices there and pulled it back into my mouth. I could hear Sharon's groans as I attempted to dive deeper into the void of her recently vacated pussy. 

I had finally emptied her of everything that I was capable of obtaining. She drew me up beside her and we cuddled. Soft female flesh was pressed tightly against soft female flesh. My breast was pressed into one of hers and our legs intertwined. Our mouths met and she sampled the taste that still remained on my lips. I ran my fingers through her hair and finally settled into the nape of her gorgeous neck. 

"Do you see now why I enjoy clean up duty," she asked.

"Mmmm, yes, I think I definitely do," I murmured. 

We both fell silent and simply enjoyed the intimacy of holding each other for a few minutes. The warmth and tenderness of the moment was a nice contrast to the raw lust that I had experienced since allowing these people into my life. 

My reverie was interrupted by Jim. I hadn't even noticed that he had left us. He entered the bedroom, carrying a tray with two cups of coffee, a creamer and sugar bowl. 

"Kim, I didn't know how you took your coffee, so I went ahead and brought a little bit of everything," he said.

"MMmmm, thank you. That's very kind of you," I replied. 

"If you want to stay in bed for a while, that's fine. I have breakfast cooking. It'll take another 30 minutes or so," he said. 

"Such a wonderful lover, and a cook too? Be still my beating heart," I said, giggling.

"Truth be known, Jim is an excellent cook and breakfast is one of his specialties," Sharon said. 

"Well, after last night, I think I may have worked up an appetite. I've already had an appetizer. It wasn't very filling, but it certainly did wake up my taste buds," I said. 

My response got a gleeful smile from both Sharon and Jim. I instructed Jim on how I wanted my coffee and after delivering a cup to both Sharon and I, he returned to his culinary duties in the kitchen. Sharon and I plumped up some pillows and sat shoulder to shoulder against the headboard, sipping our coffee in silence. 

"Kim, did you decide if you would like to spend the rest of the weekend here with us? We could go to the pool today and let you see what a nudist camp is like. That is, if you are up for it. No pressure. If not, we can just hang out here at the house," Sharon said. 

"I hadn't really thought about it, until now," I replied. "I'm a little more clear-headed now and I think that I would enjoy spending more time with you and Jim. I know I have really enjoyed the time I have spent with you so far." I added, the meaning of my comment clear in the lecherous smile on my face.

"I'm sure you will enjoy your time here with us. I know you still have a lot of things you want to explore and experience and I think you might like some of our friends here that I can introduce you to. Some of the folks that are members and residents here are rather... uummm... open minded," she said, pausing to take a sip of her steaming coffee. Going on, she said, "The nudist lifestyle is basically non-sexual. Its philosophy is based on the idea that the naked body is not sexual and that we can enjoy clothing free recreation without sexual hang-ups or implications. However, nudism does tend to attract some rather open minded folks such as swingers. There is definite overlap between the two lifestyles. We do tend to be discrete about it though and don't rub our sexual activities in the face of the non-swinging nudists. Most nudists camps are family oriented but the kids that spend the night have a 10:00 curfew. It's not unusual to find some adult activities taking place at the hot tub after 10:00."

I sat there listening and absorbing the information that Sharon was dispensing while sipping my coffee. I did find Sharon's alternative lifestyle very fascinating. About that time Jim reappeared and announced that breakfast was ready. 

Breakfast was marvelous. We had ham, cheese, and mushroom omelets, accompanied by hash brown and biscuits with homemade strawberry preserves that Jim had obtained at a local roadside produce stand. We chased our breakfast with fresh squeezed OJ and another cup of aromatic coffee. Jim's culinary skills lived up fully to Sharon's claims. It was one of the best breakfasts I could recall ever having enjoyed. 

After expressing my thanks to Jim for breakfast, Sharon and I started cleaning up. She brought up whether I wanted to stay for the rest of the weekend again. After reflecting on what else I needed to get accomplished over the weekend, I came to the conclusion that it was nothing that I couldn't put off. I told her yes, that I would be happy to stay if it wasn't too much trouble. She replied that it would be fun and no trouble at all. We then started planning what we would do for the rest of day. When asked if I was up for checking out the rest of the camp's facilities, I wavered. As confident as I had been going into this weekend, I wasn't sure if I was up to be seen naked in public. Sensing my uneasiness, Sharon said that I could wear one of her sarongs and take it at my own pace if I liked. Grasping at the compromise, I told her yes, that I would like to check out the rest of the camp.

After we had finished cleaning the kitchen and loading the dishwasher I went in search of my overnight bag. Finding it in the spare bedroom where it had been deposited the night before, I attempted to clean myself up and brushed my teeth again. Deciding to forego makeup, I brushed my hair and put it up in a pony tail. Sharon joined me as I was finishing up and brought me a wrap and a pair of sandals I could wear as we took our tour of the camp. I found my purse and extracted a pair of sunglasses in case they were needed. She grabbed a beach bag and we set off. Sharon informed me that Jim had already set out to make his rounds of the camp and to check in with the manager to make sure everything was OK.

As we walked out the door I noticed that the weather was going to be beautiful. The sun was bright, the sky clear, and it was warming up nicely. 'The afternoon may turn out to be on the hot side, better suited to indoor activities' I thought. Sharon and I climbed into a golf cart parked beside the house and began a short drive from their isolated house to a cluster of buildings I could see in the distance. We drove through what appeared to be a small trailer park. She explained that some of the members kept an RV at the camp as a weekend retreat and that some others lived on-site permanently in larger mobile homes. There was what looked like a small sub division on one side of the camp and she explained that the camp actually sold lots to some members that decided to build a home there. As we continued our drive, the cool morning air flowed around me. I was taken by how Sharon was so comfortable being nude in these surroundings. We saw a scattering of naked people out in their yards, mostly doing the day to day domestic activities such as attending to landscaping or taking out the trash. I was taken with how natural it all seemed. This could be any regular neighborhood except for the lack of clothing. I even saw some nude children playing in a yard as carefree as you would expect of kids their age. The adults I saw ranged across the entire gamut of humanity. Short, tall, young, old, thin, and heavy body types all seemed to be represented. I noticed that it was definitely not a beauty contest, although there were a few people that I would consider attractive. I also noticed a large number of golf carts parked around the various dwellings. Sharon explained that within the camp the carts were the preferred form of transportation. She also explained that there were several small cabins and some travel trailers that could be rented to members and out of town guests. I was somewhat surprised to find out that the camp was a vacation destination for visiting nudists. I had been to a few tropical vacation spots that had topless beaches, but the idea of nude vacationing was new to me. 

I noticed my nipples had also hardened, not from arousal but from the cool breeze. I was reassured when I looked over at Sharon and noticed that her nipples were in the same condition. During the drive Sharon kept up a lively dialog, playing the tour guide and answering my occasional questions about the camp. She frequently waved and called out a hello to friends and acquaintances as we proceeded. 

We finally reached the central complex of the camp. This was mostly made up of sports and recreational facilities grouped around a large swimming pool and club house. She explained that there was usually a Saturday night dance at the club house. There was also a softball field, something Sharon called a petanque court, a tennis court, a very large hot tub near the pool, a small gym where I saw a very well built man leaving with a towel draped around his shoulders, and lastly a couple of volleyball courts. I laughed when I saw the volleyball courts, flashing back to old reruns of MASH in which Trapper and Hawkeye had eagerly awaited the arrival of their nudist magazines featuring nude women playing volleyball. I suppose I was as guilty as most people of thinking of nudists with that sort of stereotype. Near the clubhouse was also a restaurant. I was somewhat surprised at this. I had never considered the idea of dining in the nude. This was all turning out to be an eye opening experience. 

When we reached the pool, Sharon asked, "Would you like to check out the pool? Are you up to catching some sun?"

Feeling braver and slightly less nervous, I said yes and we dismounted the golf cart in a parking area that seemed to be designed for this type of vehicle and walked towards the pool. There was a scattering of a few early risers around the pool but it was still empty. Sharon waved at a few people and we soon found a couple of pool lounges off by themselves where we could have some privacy. At least until the pool began to fill up. 

I took a deep breath, steeling myself, and untied the knot above my breasts holding the sarong in place. I removed the sarong, exposing myself to anyone that cared to look. It was a new experience for me and in some ways it was one that I found enjoyable. It was if the freedom that I felt had transported me to a new level of personal honesty. My eyes met Sharon's and she smiled sweetly, as if completely understanding the range of emotions I was feeling. 

"Here, you will need some of this," she said, handing me a bottle of sun block. I gratefully accepted it, glad she had thought of it. Although I had a decent tan, the pale triangles over my breasts and hips clearly showed that sun had never seen those areas. Those were areas I definitely didn't want sunburned. "We call new folks like you cotton tails like the rabbits," she said, giggling and pointing at my blazing white ass. "That too shall pass," she added.

It was still a little cool, but not unpleasantly so. It was cool enough, with a light breeze blowing, that we still had two sets of hard nipples on display for anyone that cared to look. Sharon acted as if it was no big deal so I tried not to worry about it. We settled in a comfortable chat, discussing a wide range of topics from day to day life to her and Jim's swinging lifestyle. She made me feel very comfortable and as the day went on I became much less nervous about my nudity. Of course, having Sharon there, acting as if there was no difference between this and a day at the public pool helped a lot.

My front had gotten a lot of sun so I flipped over to get some sun there. Sharon offered to put some sun screen on my back and I accepted. Her slippery hands on my back, legs, neck, and ass felt wonderful. When she was done, she asked me to return the favor. I was happy to do so, and as I greased her up, I couldn't help but flash back to our activities of the night before and earlier that morning. I felt my pussy quiver as I reflected on all the fantasy fulfilling experiences I had had in the last few hours. I was tempted to run my fingers a little deeper then necessary as I applied the sun block to her ass, but recalling her earlier warning about no public sex in the camp, I controlled my urge. 

After finishing I laid back down on the lounge and turned my face towards her. "Your hands felt wonderful," she said.

"So did yours" I replied. "I was tempted to run my fingers where I shouldn't have."

"As nice as that would have been, it wouldn't have been appropriate," she said.

"I know... that's why I didn't do it. It was hard to keep from touching you there," I said.

"Believe me, I know the feeling," she stated. "I felt the same way. If you want, me can go back to the house and take a nap this afternoon," she said, smiling broadly at me. 

"If it's the kind of nap I think you are talking about, that would be great," I replied, returning her smile. 

An older couple settled into some lounge chairs nearby after saying hello to Sharon. She quickly changed the subject to a more mundane topic in case we were overheard. When a shadow was cast upon us, Sharon and I both rolled over to see who was there. There was a young woman standing there. She was very petite, like me, but that's where the similarity ended. Her hair was dyed a bright red and her body was adorned with numerous piercings and tattoos. Her pussy was completely shaved and her breasts fairly small, perhaps a large A cup. If it wasn't for the tats and piercings, I would have guessed her to be much younger then the early 20's I took her for. Although her appearance was somewhat bizarre, I did find her to be very sexy. 

"Hello Sharon, can I join you and your friend for a little while," she asked.

"Hello to you too Amy, this is my friend Kim. Please pull up a chair," Sharon replied.

After Amy and I exchanged hellos she sat down next to us. When the older couple got up and got in the pool she said, "Sharon, we're having a little get together at our place tonight and we wanted to invite you and Jim, and Kim here if she is into it, to join us. I think you will know most of the people there. It'll be all the usual suspects," she said, followed by a giggle, almost like a little girl.

"OK, that sounds nice, let me touch base with Jim and talk it over with Kim. Can I let you know in a couple of hours?" Sharon asked. 

"Sure that would be great," Amy replied.

"What can we bring?" Sharon asked.

"Just the usual, whatever you want to drink, maybe a snack and of course bringing Kim along would be nice treat," Amy said, smiling at me. The sexual connotation of her last remark was very clear. 

"OK, I'll be in touch," Sharon said.

"Super. Well, I have more invites to deliver, so I'll be off."

"Talk to you later," Sharon replied as Amy strode off.

"Well, you just got invited to your first swing party," Sharon stated. "Do you think you are up for it?"
