 She knew what she wanted as she looked into his eyes; however, how to portray that to him with out looking like an ordinary tramp was another thing.

Married for almost 2 years Jane had become very lonely around the house. Sure her and Kirk had sex a few times a week, but the rut of on the bed, after dark seemed to take a toll on Janet. She adored her husband, but clearly her sexual appetite was more than his.

She was almost too much to look at. Her reaction to him was nothing short of pure lust. Her blue eyes reflected just that. Her wants, her needs, her desires laid in his hands. He knew how to please a woman. This was one house-wife he knew he wanted to fuck. She was beautiful, more notably, she had an awesome body. But to get her to the point of actually letting go of her inhibitions and allowing him the pleasures of her body would be a totally different story. Derrick wondered what it would be like to be behind her fucking her, and wrapping his hands in her long curly hair. 

"So Derrick, how is that project coming." Jane asked. Jane and Derrick met across the internet, living relatively close they shared a lot about their lives, and occasionally met for lunch. 

"It's going well, speaking of, there is something I'd like you to look at. Would you mind coming to my place next week? I have a problem with my p.c. that perhaps you can help me with." Derrick stated. He knew she would find reasons to not go to his apartment. Both Jane and Derrick had accepted the fact that there had been some true sparks between them. Jane loved her husband, and had already told Derrick outright that she had no intentions of ever hurting him. However; she did tell him that in the bedroom, Kirk seemed to leave something to be desired.

"I don't know Derrick, we have talked about this before, I am not sure that I would be comfortable there with you by myself." Jane replied.

"How about this then, let me know when, and bring Kirk along with you." Derrick responded flatly.

"Ok let me talk to him, I am sure he will agree he probably can help you even more." Jane replied. She would love the opportunity to spend sometime with Derrick, and if Kirk came along, perhaps, just perhaps they could become friends. Then the relationship with Derrick would not be as obvious.

That evening Jane emailed Derrick, setting the date for Friday evening that she and Kirk would be over to look at his computer.

With several communications throughout the week, Friday seemed to come around quite quickly. 

"What am I going to wear? God I feel like I am trying to impress Derrick, what if Kirk can see it in my eyes? What if he questions my actions? Oh god, what did I get myself into?" The questions and answers did not come easy. Wearing a tight pair of Lee's, and a low cut tank, with a sweater over top of it, Jane got ready to go to Derrick's for the evening.

Putting the car into park, Kirk turned off the car, and walked around to open Jane's door. "You look fantastic Sweet heart." Kirk responded. Never questioning the way she looked, why should he? Didn't she always dress like this mostly to impress him?

As they walked to the apartment Kirk took Jane's hand into his, and kissed her lightly on the cheek. "So what kind of computer problem does he have?" Kirk asked.

"I am not sure I just know he asked if we could come help him." Jane responded nervously. Walking to the door, Jane knocked, and it was quickly answered.

"Hi guys, glad you could come." Derrick said quickly.

"Derrick this is my husband Kirk, Kirk, this is Derrick." Jane quickly covered her nervousness' with the introductions. Jane looked from man to man as they shook hands, and did the niceties. Jane could not help but to look, and admire both men. She defiantly had a thing for dark hair, and blue eyes. Both the men were at least 6 foot tall and well built. Kirk however was about 2 years older than Derrick, although by looking at him, one would never guess Kirk to be almost 40.

"Come on in." Derrick said as he gestured with his hands to enter into the large apartment as he shut the door behind them. Derrick quickly caught up with them, and showed them to the living room, to where the computer was. 

Derrick and Kirk began talking about the computer as Jane watched them interact. She heard Derrick say something about a page hijacker. Not sure exactly what he meant by that Jane continued to watch as Derrick pulled up another chair next to the computer so that both he and Kirk could work on it. Jane walked over to the high back, wing chair just to the left of the computer. She watched in total silence as the 2 men worked towards fixing the problem, yet she was so lost in her own thoughts, and her own fantasy's that she had no clue what they were doing or even really talking about. She could not help but to wonder what having an affair with Derrick would cost her in the long run. Would it cost her relationship with Kevin? Yet, she could not help but to think about his hands on her breasts, on the flat of her belly. What would it feel like to have him caress her inner thighs, separate the lips of her pussy?

"We are done and Derrick asked if we would like to join him for dinner down at the little Italian restaurant around the corner." She heard Kirk say through her fog of fantasy. "Jane, you ok?" he asked when she did not answer him.

"Oh I am sorry, I was lost in my own thoughts." She responded quickly, hoping that what she was thinking about was not so obvious.

"Its ok, so what do you think, want to go get a bite to eat?" Derrick repeated the question to Jane. "My treat, since Kirk fixed the problem, I figured that was the least I could do." Derrick added.

They all met at the little cozy Italian restaurant just down the street. Derrick and Kirk pretty much dominated the conversation, while Jane ate her dinner, and sat quietly watching the men exchange their opinions on racing, football, cars, politics and a variety of other subjects. To Jane's surprise the 2 got along very well. While drinking coffee, Janet felt a foot slide up her leg to lightly touch her crotch. Trying not to jump, she looked over at Derrick to see that mischievous look on his face. She smiled at him as he asked her a question about one of their online friends.

The night was over quickly to Jane's relief. The men said their good-bye's and expressed their enjoyment of the evening, and their hopes of getting together again. Kirk then took Jane's hand again, and walked her to the car.

"Seems like a nice man." Kirk said to Jane to break the silence of the ride.

"He is, I enjoy chatting with him when we are both online." Jane replied.

"He seems quite attracted to you Jane." Kirk threw it out on the table, he had seen the sparks flying, but said nothing. They would both deny it anyway. It was best to get to the heart of the matter one at a time. Derrick had given him his business card, and Kirk planned on calling him the next day. He totally trusted Jane. He had no reason not to; however, he would love the opportunity to watch another man fuck his wife. Despite the feelings of her cheating on him, he was a voyeur at heart, if the opportunity to please that lust, as well as watch her being pleased was a possibility then he would defiantly be a willing partner.

"Oh, I don't know about that Kirk." She responded quickly, perhaps a little bit too quickly.

"Well, I know you are attracted to him, I saw it Jane, I saw it in your eyes you want to fuck him, don't you?" Kirk asked teasingly.

"Kirk, you know I love you, please don't tease me like that." Jane responded with out denial, or acceptance of his last statement. Kirk knew all he needed to know. He would do what was necessary to see that this would happen. A little spice in the bedroom could be fun he thought to himself.

It took a few attempts at trying to talk Derrick into his little plan, but after several lunches, and phone calls, Kirk got Derrick to agree to it. The only stipulation in the entire escapade was that if Kirk felt the need to join in, he was able to do so. Kirk worked on the plan for 2 weeks, setting up the scenario, the time, the place. 

"Hey sweet heart, what are you doing?" Kirk called Jane from his cell phone on Friday, late afternoon.

"Hey you." Jane responded happily. "I was just getting ready to take the chicken out for dinner, how does B.B.Q chicken sound?" She asked.

"Sounds great, but for another night, tonight we are going out. I have something planned for the week-end." Kirk informed her.

"Oh, really? What?" Jane asked curiously. 

"Well, I can't tell you all of it, but I can tell you this. I want you to pack a bag for the week end. Pack a few outfits, thought you wont really need them." He said with an ornery chuckle. "Make sure you pack your sheer white nitey, and your black lace nitey, oh and don't forget to bring your buddy." Kirk added. "Jane?" he said, because she had gotten very quiet.

"I'm here, but what are you up too Kirk?" she asked as if she was an excited school girl.

"I told you, I can't tell you, but I want you to meet me at the Hyatt, on North Street, at 6:30, meet me in the bar. Ok? 

"Ummm, Ok. I'll see you there." Jane responded.

Sticking the chicken back in the fridge, Jane rushed to get dressed, it was already 5pm, and it took 20 minutes to get to the Hyatt. Like an excited school girl Jane rushed to her closet to look for something to wear. Jane had several choices to consider. One was a hot pink strapless dress, but it was too summery, so she threw it aside, and looked at another. The dark charcoal Jacket, with the black skirt, and white blouse was way too dressy. She decided she would wear the black dress that had small sleeves, and a low V cut neck. The dress was short, only coming to about mid-thigh. She pulled out her nude colored panty hose, her black Victoria Secrets Angel collection silk bra, and panties. Then pulled out her black high heeled shoes, deciding they would be perfect for whatever Kirk had planned.

She realized by looking at the bed-side clock that it was already 5:30. She had yet to shower. Quickly allowing the hot water to run over her nude breast, she began thinking about making love to Kirk, his hands on her breasts as she washed them, he was an expert lover, even though the spice had died. As the water ran between her thighs and she began to wash her pussy she started thinking about his mouth on her inner thighs, on her clean shaved lips, her clit. As she was daydreaming about making love to Kirk, she realized that it was Derrick that was between her legs. "Oh god, I have to stop." Jane said to herself as she quickly finished showering, and hurried to dress. Wearing the outfit she had chosen she slipped on a pearl necklace which accentuated her D-sized breasts that were well rounded, and exposed due to the push up bra, and the V shaped neckline of the dress. Putting in a small pair of pearl earrings enhanced the look. Taking her hair curly hair that hung down the middle of her back, and putting it up on her head in a bun. She allowed the curls of her hair to hang in spirals around her face, to soften the look, as well as around the back of her neck. Spraying her favorite perfume behind her knee's, on her wrists, between her breasts, and behind her ears she was ready to go.

Traffic was horrid at this time of the day so Jane took the short cuts across town to the Hyatt. She only got caught for a few minutes in the traffic as she approached North street. Looking at her console in the car, she realized she was going to be a few minutes late. Anxiously she pulled into the Hyatt parking lot, and parked her car in a vacant spot near the front of the building. Hurrying to look at herself in the mirror, she made sure her make-up was perfect, adding a little powder foundation to her nose, she felt she looked her best, and got out of the car, and headed towards the bar.

It was already a 15 minutes until 7. The bar was already pretty busy. The smoke filled air, and the smell of alcohol permeated the air. The song "Red light Special" was playing. Jane looked around for Kirk, and found him sitting at the bar waiting for her.

"Hey you." Jane greeted him as she walked up behind him, and kissed him on the back of the neck.

"Hey beautiful." Kirk quickly assessed her with a smile of total satisfaction. She looked awesome tonight.

Jane did not notice Derrick sitting at the back of the bar watching the pair, drinking a scotch. She looked fantastic he thought to himself. Tonight, yes tonight, he would have her. He could not believe the opportunity that was given to him, and by her own husband. Yes, this would be a night to remember he thought as he watched the two.

"Let's go have dinner." Kirk responded, and then asked the bar tender to bring Jane a drink in the dinning room.

During dinner, Kirk kept having Jane's drink refilled while she ate. "Where is your bag Jane?" Kirk asked after dinner.

"It's still in the car." Jane responded, feeling quite giddy due to the volume of alcohol she had consumed.

"Ok you sit here and I'll go get it. Ok?" he stated as he got up.

It did not take long and Kirk was back at the table. "We are already checked in, are you ready?" he asked her.

"Yes." She responded with a huge grin on her face. They walked to the room hand in hand. Jane quite tipsy from the booze, felt like a school girl, giddy, and excited. When they reached their floor, Kirk looked at the clock and smiled, it was already 8:30. Perfect he thought to himself.

As they reached the door, Kirk pulled out a bandana from his pocket, and dropped Jane's bag in front of the door. 

Laughing at his intentions Jane turned around to allow him to put the bandana on her. "This night is for you Jane." He said with true meaning. A shiver went up her spine at the statement.

He turned her back around, and she could hear the door click as he turned the key and led her into the room. She could smell candles burning, though she could not see anything, she could tell that the light was not on in the room.

They walked about 10 steps when she heard him drop the bag on the floor. He stepped in front of her, and began kissing her. He tasted like cinnamon, and smelled like expensive cologne. He stopped as quickly as he started, she heard him step back. All of her senses seemed to be alive, touch, taste, smell, and hearing. She heard the faint foot steps as he walked across the room. She felt silly standing there with the bandana covering her eyes. She heard the radio turn on, and the sound of foot steps approaching her again.

With out a word, he began to undress her. He got onto his knee's, and began lifting her foot, while holding onto the small of her back to help her keep her balance. Taking off one shoe, he then took of the other. Standing back up, he turned her around and unzipped the back of the dress, pulling the sleeves over her shoulder. The dress fell to the floor soundlessly. He then turned her around, and began unclipping her stockings from their belted position. He then pulled those down while running his hands over her shapely thigh's the sensations of his hands running over her inner thighs teased her turned her on. After both of them were removed, she felt him take her hand and walk her to the bed. He turned her around, so that she was able to sit on the bed with out effort. He pushed her back down on the bed, and lifted her feet. Both of them were quiet, as she was lost in her own thoughts, enjoying the solitude of her own fantasy.

He laid her feet on the bed, and she could feel him kneel on the bed as well. Jane thought this had to be the most erotic thing that had ever happened to her. Every touch sent shivers up and down her spine. Jane was wet, and waiting with anticipation. But it was not to be that easy. "Don't take the bandana off Jane." She heard him say. "no matter what happens." He added. He stood up from the bed, and walked away. She heard him sit down.

"Jane, do you trust me." Kirk asked her. This somewhat scared Jane, but knowing she trusted him with all she had, she responded "Yes, of course I do."

"I want you to reach down, and pull your panties to the sided, and I want you to play with that little pussy." She heard Kirk say in a husky masked voice.

The thought a lone of him watching her masturbate turned Jane on, and she did as he bid. There was no shame to be had so Jane pulled her knees up, and spread her legs so he could see her fully. Reaching down between her legs, Jane began by rubbing her clit. She was wet already, dripping wet. Her panties were almost soaked from excitement. With the first contact of her finger to her clit she could not help but to thrust her hips forward, her clit already hard and erect.

"Now Jane, I want you to take your panties and your bra off." Kirk told her.

Without hesitation, Jane sat up on the bed, reached behind her back, and took her bra off. Her breast perfectly rounded. She cupped her own breasts and began rubbing them to a peak. She then lay back down, and thrust her hips up, and pulled her panties down over her hips, past her knee's, over her feet, and tossed them in the direction of Kirks voice. She left her knees arched, spread her legs wide open, and began again fingering herself. This time she slipped one finger into the clean shaven pussy. She heard a gasp come from towards where Kirk was sitting she heard the zipper of pants as she began sliding her finger in and out. 

"I can see that tight little pussy move as you slide your finger in and out" he said.

She then heard the pants hit the floor with the clink of change, and heard him walk towards her. No more was said. She felt the bed move as she continued to finger herself. He was coming up from the bottom of the bed. His hand slid up her ankle, to her knee, she then felt lips begin to kiss from her knee down to her inner thigh. She stopped and moved her hand. Just to feel a hand guide her hand back to its position. She then felt the tip of a cock rubbing on her outer knee. The hand continued rubbing over her hand as she fingered herself. She felt it prod her to go faster and harder with her own hands. The male hand slid up the mound of her pussy to the flat of her belly, to her navel. It kept moving, exploring, caressing its way up to her nipples, now extremely hard due to the excitement she was feeling. She felt the bed move again as he moved up closer to her face. She then felt the knees on one side of her chest, and the other on the side of her arm that she was using to finger herself. She gasped as she felt his hands on the outer side of both of her breasts.

She then felt his cock between her breasts, thrusting back and forth, hard, rigid. He was fully erect. The sensation urged her to thrust her own fingers in and out of herself harder and faster. She then felt him move. He stopped her, and moved her arm from between them. He pulled her hand to his mouth, and began sucking on the finger that she was fingering herself with. The raw desire that burnt in her belly burned brighter, and hotter, like a white flame about to consume her. He then took both of her arms and pinned them above her head as he brought out the restraints and tied both of her arms to the bed.

She felt the restraints they were tight, but did not hurt. She pulled slightly against them as she felt him move closer towards her head. She suddenly felt the tip of his hard cock against her lips, as if pleading for her to open her mouth. She did his silent bidding, and accommodated his entrance into her mouth. He was large. She thought he felt larger than he had before, but the thought went as quickly as it came. He slowly moved in and out of her mouth. He watched as his hard cock disappeared into her mouth. She took all of him in, he felt his balls slapping on her chin as he pushed all the way into her.
