 My name is Ana. My husband and I recently moved into a rather posh neighborhood, in a brand new town. Jason, my husband, received a new promotion, and off we went. So like the good and dutiful wife I am, I smiled and made the best of it. 

I loved our new home, don't get me wrong. It was perfect, on a quiet street in an established suburb. A wonderful place to raise our two young children. I was proud of him. Now I just had to get with the daunting task of meeting all the new mom's and helping my family to fit in with our new neighbors.

I met a woman in the park soon after we moved in, named Lara. We became good friends, fairly quickly. We had a lot in common; our kids were close in age. I admired her confidence and her beauty. She was very fit, in her early 30's. (pilates junkie) She had silky blonde hair, straight as a pin, that hung down her back, with sunkissed skin. Not that I was a slouch by any means. Just very different than Lara.

I myself had a naturally long and lean figure. Very pale skin, with a shock of black hair that I kept shoulder length. I was also a bit younger than Lara, only 24. But aside from the physical differences, we were both just moms trying to raise good kids while our husbands worked in the city. It was nice, having the support of a friend who understood.

One day over coffee, she mentioned that another friend of hers, Monica, was having a catalog party while the kids were in school the next day. A few other women in the neighborhood would be there, and she thought it'd be a nice way for me to make some new friends. I happily accepted her invite, excited to meet some new people.

I showed up the next afternoon at the address she gave me. It was a large house, one of the nicer homes in the neighborhood. I was directed to a den in the back of the house. It was a little darker than the rest of the brightly lit home, but very nice. There were several oversized couches, and lounge chairs, and this room was carpeted with beautiful, plush cut pile wool. There were several women already talking around the room, and I searched around, looking for Lara.

"Hello!" she greeted me, kissing my cheek. "I'd like you to meet our hostess, Monica. Monica this is Ana."

Monica greeted me warmly. She was gorgeous, some kind of mixed race, (African American and Hispanic I think) with beautiful toasty skin. She was short, with a cute figure, curvy but toned. Her pixie haircut and tight dress were so trendy! 

"Thank you for coming." her voice practically purred, lingering on the handshake. "Please make yourself at home." 

I was passed around the room and introduced to many women. There was Teresa, a hot Latina with a very strong accent, and beautiful full lips. There was Barbie, who's name did not betray her. She had huge tits, it was the first thing you noticed, with a tiny waist and golden curls. Also Andrea, another blonde, who had that all American soccer mom look going for her. 

As we settled into our seats, Monica went up to the front of the room, where several totes were on a table.

"Now ladies, as I take out each item, I'll give a brief demonstration, and then pass it around so that everyone has a chance to check out the merchandise." she said, her almond eyes gleaming. "I think we're going to have a great time today."

As she rummaged through one of the totes, it dawned on me that I didn't even know what she was selling today. I was so excited at being invited that it never occurred to ask. A catalog party was usually housewares and what not though, so you can imagine my surprise when Monica pulled out a shiny, hot pink vibrator.

I blushed, shocked, at the unexpected turn the afternoon had just taken. I looked around the room to see if anyone else had had my same reaction. 

Everyone looked completely and politely interested as she switched the vibrator on, explaining the different settings. Even my dear friend Lara was just watching with keen interest. It was a little surreal, seeing all these classy housewives watching the queen bee demonstrating a vibrator. 

I gathered myself together mentally. I mean, I was no prude. I just hadn't been expecting all this. Besides, I wanted friends, I didn't want to be the one to act uncomfortable. So I sat back and tried to focus.

As the smaller pink vibrator was being passed around, she pulled out another one. This one was actually much larger than the last, and much fancier. You could bend it, it vibrated and spun. 

I began to imagine how good it would feel to rub that monster all over my pussy, and I honestly began to get a little wet, feeling a nice tingle in my clit. 

"Could I get a volunteer up here ladies?" Monica asked, her eyes gleaming. Surprising me completely, I felt Lara stand up and walk towards the front of the room, her long cornsilk hair swaying behind her.

"Lara!" Monica said excitedly. "How awesome! Would you mind giving us a little demo?" she asked sweetly. "I believe you purchased this model last time, correct?"

"I did, but I might need a new one." she replied, giving Monica a little wink. "Starting to wear mine out." 

I could hardly concentrate on what she was saying. She turned it on, and began bending it and waving it around in her hands.

"Honestly," she continued, as I snapped back to reality. "it really does make a great neck massager too. Although," she said, giving a little chuckle, "anytime I start on my neck it always leads to other things." 

As she said this, she slowly began to rub the monster vibrator along her collarbone, and into her cleavage, moaning softly. I was thoroughly surprised, having never seen this side of her before.

Monica pulled out a couple more toys, a fat strap-on, and a double sided black dildo. As she began to discuss the new toys, Lara got heavier into her demo, now leaning back against the table and rubbing the vibrator over her chest. Her nipples began to poke through her white quarter sleeve button down as she ran the vibrator back and forth over her tits.

I looked around the room and noticed that most of the women were completely entranced with Lara, her moans becoming a bit more aggressive. There was much leg crossing and lip biting, while lust began to fill their burning eyes.

I understood completely, as my own pussy was becoming very saturated watching my friends performance.

Monica finally stopped what she was demonstrating, and began to chuckle. 

"Lara, I can't be upstaged at my own party!" she said in a mocking tone, as she and Lara locked together in deep eye contact. 

"You know what they say girls." she said with a shrug. "If you can't beat them, join them."

With that she began to slowly unbutton Lara, as Lara reached up and began to rub the buzzing vibrator across Monica's full red lips. She shrugged her shirt off, as Monica unbuttoned the front snap of Lara's bra.

Her beautiful perky tits sprang forward, her small dark nipples standing straight up. Monica took the vibrator and began to run it up back and forth over Lara's tits, as she kissed her deeply. 

I sat there, shocked and completely turned on, unable to look away. I began to notice that several of the women were beginning to pair off, rubbing and kissing on one another. I looked back to Lara and Monica, as Monica pulled off Lara's khaki mini skirt and had her up on the table, rubbing the vibrator over her panty clad pussy.

I suddenly felt a pair of hands rubbing my shoulders softly, before leaning forward and going down my shirt. 

I looked up, trying to see who my new friend was. It was was Deb, a small Asian woman with beautiful eyes and long shiny black hair.

"I've been watching you this whole time." she whispered into my ear, tweaking my nipple with her fingers. "I was hoping I'd have first dibs on the hot young new girl."

Everything was happening so fast, but I didn't care. If this is what it took to fit in around here, well...it could be worse. Besides, my pussy was on fire, and this beautiful Asian woman wanted to quench it. 

I leaned back while she got down in between my knees, and lifted off my shirt. She yanked my bra down and moaned as she began to suckle one of my swollen nipples. I rubbed my hands in her hair, but kept my eyes on what was going on around the room.

Monica had Lara completely nude, up on the tell table, and was fucking her wet trimmed cunt with the monster vibrator, as Lara squeaked with delight, begging for more.

Two more women, a busty red head and a brunette, they were laying on a plush rug, and already in a heated 69 position, sucking and fucking each others lubed up pussies. 

Another woman was bent over one of the overstuffed chairs, a small young black woman, as a perky middle aged milf fucked her doggy style in the ass with the strap-on.

On the floor near me, Barbie with the huge tits was laying on her back, her blonde curls fanned out above her. Teresa, the sexy Latina woman, was on one side of her, sucking on one of her huge tits. Andrea, the soccer mom, was on the other side, sucking on the other titty, while she reached her long arms down and rubbed Barbies snatch, who in turn was laying back moaning, and rubbing both of their pussies with her hands.

As Deb was starting to undress me, she was suddenly distracted. "Deb, I need you please!" Monica said, calling her over. "Come help me tie this dirty girl up!"

"It's ok," I said, distractedly watching the Barbie three some, as Deb popped my nipples out of her eager mouth. 

"I'll be back for you!" she said with a grin as she scooted off to Monica's side.

I took off the rest of my clothes, and dropped to my knees, crawling over to busty Barbie. I really wanted in on this. I knelt down in between her shapely legs, her pink pussy begging for me to taste it.

I began to lick her slowly, letting my tongue travel from the bottom to the top, back and forth, until I felt it slide easily between her sweet lips. I heard her moan loudly as her hips bucked up closer to my mouth. 

I spread her lips apart with my fingers, and began to tickle her pink cum hole with the tip of my tongue, before I pushed it in. I lapped at her juicy cunt, fucking her tight hole with my tongue.

"Uuughhhh, oh my God you bitch, you're such a tease!! she cried out, bucking her hips. "Suck my little clitty!!" she ordered, trying to push my face into her pussy.

"Barbie!" Teresa gasped, "Is that any way to treat our new friend? I think it's time to give Barb here a lesson in manners!" she said, working her fingers into Barbies blonde hair, and giving it a forceful tug. Then both she and Andrea grabbed her arms, holding them up and holding them forcefully over her head. 

"Tease that pussy good Ana!" said Andrea, as she rubbed her pussy juice onto her finger and then onto Barbie's mouth.

I laughed, and went back down on her pink snatch, teasing her clit with my tongue. 

"Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!!" she cried out, bucking her weightless body all over the floor. "It feels so good!! Don't stop! Oh God, please don't stop!"

Suddenly her cries became muffled. I looked up to see that Teresa was now sitting on Barbie's face, getting licked up and down, while in turn Andrea was lying on her back with Teresa's face shoved into her pussy. It was like a chain of pussy sucking.

I went back to Barbie and her sweet, juicy pussy. I was really enjoying myself. I really started going after her, diving in again and again, sucking her clit, flicking it with my tongue. 

I heard a muffled wail, as began to throw her hips up forcefully. Her pussy exploded under my tongue as she came, a torrent of pussy juice squirting out all over my face and mouth. 

Just as I was finishing up Barbie, I looked up and made eye contact with Lara. As I stood up she came over towards me, swinging a big floppy strap on. Without a word she grabbed my hand, leading me out of the room that was alive with moans and cries of passion.

She pulled me into a private sauna. There was a hot tub, a massage table, and a small stream room.

We climbed into the hot tub, and she leaned in and kissed me deeply.

"Let me eat your pussy Ana, please? she begged, as she leaned over to suck my nipples. Fuck, I was so fucking wet and horny, I almost came with her just sucking on my tits. 

"I wanna taste that sweet pussy on my tongue. I want you to cum my mouth while we act like horny little sluts!" she said, provocatively. 

I pulled myself up onto the ledge, and spread my legs as wide as I could. She grinned, as I watched her go down on me. It was so next level. The feeling of her hot mouth sucking away on my sloppy wet pussy, seeing how turned on she was by it. She paused briefly, long enough to shove the big rubber dong into my tight hole. She pushed it in, deeply, in and out, as she continued to assault my clit with her tongue. 

"Fuck Lara, you're making me CUM!" I squelched, as i felt my orgasm rip it's way through my belly and out of my pussy. I rode the lightning, the exquisite pulsating adrenaline scoring it's way across my body. Screaming and thrashing against her face only deepened my ecstasy. She kept on going as I humped my pussy across her mouth, pulling me through not just one, but two screaming orgasms. 

I slid slowly into the hot tub, like melted butter into her arms. My whole body continued to shudder, the aftershocks weaving a delicate thread of electric current through my loins.

I breathed in and out, trying to catch my ragged breath. The other women began to filter in slowly, joining us in the hot tub.

"So, is this something we do on a regular basis, or..." I trailed off, looking at all the beautiful and diverse women around me.

Everyone stopped in their idle chatter, some smiling, others laughing a little. Monica cleared her throat. I could see I hadn't been wrong earlier with my Queen Bee assessment.

"It's something we do from time to time, yes." she informed me, her hazel eyes sparkling, "But this isn't ALL we do. After all, we're all mothers and wives and career women. We fund raise, and carpool, and neighborhood watch. We are a pretty tightly knit clic though, and I think this bonding exercise we imbibe in from time to time only helps in keeping us close." she said, smiling broadly. "Just think of it as a big secret, just between us girls."

During her speech the hot tub had begun to stir, as girls began to catch their second wind. Before I knew it, it had turned into one big hot tub orgy. Women, half in and half out of the water, their wet naked bodies rubbing and touching one another's flesh, mouths and tongues licking and sucking, all joined together as one

Deb turned to me and began to help me into the harness of the strap on.

"Please fuck me real hard." she panted into my ear. 

The strap on was awesome. It had this soft silicone bump in it, so that with every thrush or bounce it rubbed right up against my clit. Almost like a really amazing tribbing. The harder we fucked, the more action my pussy got too. Eventually we found our way into the steam room, where she climbed onto my lap and straddled the monster cock. Lara came with us, and had me lie down so she could sit on my face.

Her pussy tasted different than Barbs had. It was wonderful though. I pushed her lips apart with my fingers, letting her push her clit into my mouth. I was sucking hard with every thrust. I could feel my own orgasm building up as Deb and her tiny wet twat bounced excitedly onto the big black cock, her tiny tits quivering with each thrust. She and Lara were facing one another, using my body like a fucking sex doll, tweaking each others nipples as they sparked up a lighting fast pace. 

"Uugggghhhh!!" I heard one of them cry out. We all began to moan and groan as we orgasmed together, our naked wet bodies writhing all over each other in pure ecstasy, over and over again.

As everyone walked slowly back to the main room, gathering their clothes and dressing themselves, Monica came in wearing a satin robe, and addressed everyone.

"Thank you all for coming out today! I know were running a little behind, so no speeding in the school zones, ok? Safety first! Oh and for any of the products you would like to purchase from today, please shoot need an email and I'll get it ordered. Until next time ladies!