 Heather pulled the back door closed and returned to the lounge chairs she and her mom had set up near the in-ground pool. She put down the pitcher of margaritas between them and handed her mother a full glass of the frosty concoction before settling into her seat and reaching for her own glass. "Anyway, I felt like such a bitch when I realized that I had left this guy standing in the bar and totally forgot to give him my number."

"Wait a second. Let me get this straight." Mom pushed her sunglasses up into her hair. "You manage to screw an incredibly hot, unbelievably sweet guy in a bar bathroom," she paused to take a sip from her glass. "But you didn't shoot him and bag him right there?" Her mother shook her head in dismay. "Hell hun, the least you could've done is brought him home for Mommy to play with." 

"Mother!" Heather protested in mock-outrage. The last couple of weeks after the breakup and what not had been traumatic, but Heather had known and staying with her mom for a while would help put everything back in the proper perspective. "Besides, he was my age—entirely too young for you." She teased, sometimes forgetting that her mom was back on the market.

"So?" Mom shrugged and leaned back against her seat cushion. "I have a newfound appreciation for younger men in their sexual prime."

Heather studied her mother's cat-ate-the-canary-smile for a moment. "And how did you come to develop this 'newfound appreciation?'"

"I have a sex life too, you know." Her mother casually turned the pages of the magazine in her lap like she hadn't just made a monumental announcement. 

"Ohmigod!" Heather's mouth hung open in surprise. The divorce had hit her mom hard and Heather had feared that mom would spend the rest of her days pining away over her two-timing father who had left in pursuit of shorter skirts. "Wow! That's fantastic! How was it?"

Her mom leaned back against her seat with a satisfied grin. "Not to knock your father's prowess, because obviously it's still very effective with some women, but, well...let's just say that they must be teaching better techniques in school or something nowadays." Mom sighed and stretched in a very feline way. "And he was huge! I don't think I've ever had sex with anyone that well-endowed before."

Heather nodded her head in understanding. Her pool-playing lover had been just as blessed in the 'cue stick.' "So, where did you meet Mr. Incredible?"

Mom laughed. "Believe it or not, he's staying next door."

"No kidding!" Heather craned her head to look over the privacy fence, expecting to see some long-donged hottie leering over the fence at them. "Then why haven't I seen him around since I've been here?"

"Well, I have been out of town quite a bit in the last few weeks." Her mother shrugged. "Who knows? Maybe I was too much for him." Heather started to look offended that a guy might have blown her off but mom waved it off lightly. "Baby, it was only sex. I don't want to be in another relationship any more than you do right now."

That was certainly the truth. Although she would have loved to be able to collect on that rain check with her own Mr. Incredible. "Would you do him again then? You know if he were to show up all hot and ready for you?"

"You mean after I sent you off to the mall for the day?" Her mother winked. "Oh hell yea!"

"I know what you mean." Heather sighed dramatically before they both fell over in a fit of girlish giggles.

"Hey Gina, are you home?" A male voice interrupted their chick-fest and Mom turned to see who was coming in through the back gate.

"Hey Pete!" Mom greeted and motioned the man to join them. "Come on back and join us."

Pete? Heather's head whipped around to sneak a quick look over her shoulder. "Mom is that your guy next door?" She whispered urgently. Oh no. This couldn't possibly be happening.

"Pete is taking care of his grandparents' house for the summer." Mom's sexy smile confirmed her worse fears. "Pete come and meet my daughter Heather." 

As Pete rounded the patio his gaze finally fell on Heather and he stopped dead, turning white beneath his tan. "Oh shit."

"What?" Mom looked at him in surprise. "You didn't think I was old enough to have a fully grown daughter? That's sweet." She pursed her lips and blew a playful kiss his way. "Let's just say I started very young." She looked over to Heather for support and found her daughter slack-jawed as well. "Did I miss something here?"

Pete continued to stand there silently, his eyes nervously going back and forth between the two women. Heather swallowed hard. "So, uhm, did you enjoy the rest of your birthday?" She asked Pete, feeling terrible that she was about to destroy her mother's recently reconstructed self-confidence. 

"Uhm, yeah." Pete nodded. "Thanks." A guilty flush crept up his neck.

It was Gina's turn to do the wide-eyed tennis-match head-bounce between Pete and Heather. "Oh my." She covered her mouth with her hand as it all started to make sense to her. "Pete was your bathroom guy too?" 

Heather knew she was sporting a match blush as her mother watched her carefully for confirmation. All she could do was nod before dropping her gaze to her seat cushion. There was the most interesting string sticking out of it. Should she pull it out or run into the house under the pretense of getting scissors and quickly pack her bags and get the hell out of Dodge?

But then the strangest thing happened. Mom started to chuckle. Concerned that maybe her mother had come unhinged Heather's eyes shot back up to her face. "Oh this is too rich." Gina gasped, now up to a full-fledged guffaw. 

Pete and Heather exchanged uncertain glances. "Gina, I'm sorry—" He sputtered uncertainly. 

"What ever for?" Mom looked genuinely amazed. "There was no way you could have known." She reached over and squeezed Heather's hand briefly. "And I can think of no greater compliment than being as desirable as my little girl."

"Oh you are." He assured her before looking over at Heather cautiously. "And you're just as hot as your mom and..." Pete trailed off cautiously. "And I think I'd better just shut up now before I make it worse." He looked like he was judging the distance to the gate and estimating whether or he could escape before they turned on him. 

Heather laughed. Mom was right. "Pete, you've just lived every man's fantasy and you didn't even know it." 

"I did?" He asked carefully.

"You got to have sex with both mother and daughter." Gina explained, moving her legs and patting the foot of the lounge chair so that Pete could join them. "Come sit down hunney. Have a drink. You look like you could use one."

Gina filled up her glass with Margarita mix and held it out to Pete. "I think maybe you're right." He agreed, bypassing the glass for the pitcher and taking a healthy drink from the rim. 

Gina laughed. "I usually am." She patted his thigh reassuringly, her hand resting warmly near his stirring rod. 

Pete's eyes went from one skimpy bikini top to the other before taking another large drink. "But you two are a little off on the fantasy part." Oh yeah. He should have known. Tits that great just had to be related. 

Smiling mischievously, Heather moved down her chair so that she was now seated directly across from him. "How so?" 

"Usually the fantasy involves the very sexy mother and the equally sexy daughter at the same time." Pete winked at them, emboldened by the booze. Or made stupider. He wasn't quite sure which.

Heather lapped her tongue over the salty rim of her glass. "I thought guys only had that fantasy about twins." 

"That too." Pete nodded, watching the sweat from Heather's drink drip into the valley between her luscious tits and wishing very much that he could chase it with his tongue. "Mostly we just fantasize about sex though." 

"Well, the advantage to having sex with both of us at the same time is that nobody would have to feel left out." Gina offered up. Her crafty little fingers had worked their way up into his shorts and were now caressing his staff. "And I see no reason to waste a monster cock like this." 

Heather slid in closer to him as well. "I was so pissed that I didn't get your number that night in the bar." Her hand caressed over his shorts to gauge his level of stiffness. "I spent half that night thinking how great it would be to suck you off but we got so busy doing other stuff that we never got the chance." Heather tugged on the waistband and peeked inside, licking her lips when she got a good look at his package. "But I'm not going to pass up the opportunity to give you that blow job this time around."

In her eagerness to let the beast loose, Heather accidentally snagged the elastic on his raging hard-on. "Owwww!" Pete yelped, jerking up to protect himself from further injury.

"Here. Let me help you out of those." Heather put her drink aside and used both hands to slide his shorts off. She knelt down in front of him and her greedy little mouth quickly gobbled down his cock head, her tongue wickedly working over the tip. 

Gina moved in closer, rubbing against Pete's forearm. "I wanna play too." She pouted playfully, her tongue lashing over his nipple.

Pete turned toward the older beauty and knew exactly how to bring her into the fold. "Not a problem." He slid his hand behind her neck and unhooked her bikini top, freeing her breasts for his ultimate pleasure. He scooped up one beautiful globe with his hand and silently drew her closer, eager to taste her sweet flesh again. 

Pete sucked at Gina's dusky areolas while Heather went down on him in deep swift strokes. He used his free hand to guide her head while he worked Gina's nipples to stiff swollen nubs. He knew with Heather consuming his shaft like an all day sucker and his own face buried in her mother's tits he wasn't going to last long.

Pete moaned, fucking up into Heather's mouth harder and harder as he neared the brink. He settled for rolling Gina's nipple in his hand, afraid he might bite down too hard when he did cum. "That's it. Cum in my baby's mouth." Gina whispered urgently, her body pressing into his back.

Pete grabbed Heather's head with both hands and forced her as far down on his length as she could go. "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" he exclaimed as he unleashed stream after massive stream of his hot goo deep into her throat. Heather sucked and sucked the cum from his member, swallowing until not a single drop remained.

"Oh fuck you tasted good." Heather praised, licking a stray strand of cum from the corner of her mouth. She reached up for a quick, tongue-filled kiss. "And you were right Mom." She winked conspiratorially at her mother who knelt behind Pete. "He was huge."

"You told her about us?" He asked in surprise. 

Gina nibbled at Pete's ear, her hands wrapping around him and reaching for his still semi-hard rod. "And the beauty thing about Pete is that he will be again." She ignored his query entirely as she expertly slid her hand along his sensitive length. "Won't you?" Gina turned his face toward hers and gave him a sizzling tongue-filled kiss of her own. "Especially since you have two very hot, very horny women at your disposal that have yet to cum."

"Well, that's not entirely true." Heather admitted, standing up in front of him. "Ohmigod how was I not supposed to cum during all of that?"

'My sentiments exactly,' thought Pete wryly, thrusting his cock into Gina's hand and at the same time searching out Heather's wet snatch beneath her bikini bottoms. He easily slid two fingers into her hot, slick tunnel and she ground against them eagerly. "This is either the greatest dream I've ever had or I'm dead and this is what heaven is like." 

Heather winked at him. "Heaven doesn't swallow." She reached behind her and removed her own bikini top as well. "And dreams don't have tits you can suck."

"And fuck." Gina added from behind him, rubbing her nipples against him again and eliciting a reaction from his unusually-quick-to-recuperate cock.

"Bed." Pete moaned, standing up and aligning his cock with Heather's slick snatch. "This would be so much easier with a bed."

Gina was right behind him, sending out very clear vibes as well. "I conveniently have a big old bed just waiting to be fucked in." She paused for a moment to exchange looks with her daughter. "You okay with this?"

Heather nodded quickly. "This is way better than a puppy." She joked.

They all chuckled and made their way for the house in a tangle of hands and mouths. Once they were all in Gina's room Pete stood in front of them, arms out and cock waving proudly. "Okay ladies, how do you want me?"

Gina and Heather each put a hand to his chest and pushed him back onto the bed. The women shed what little they were still wearing before climbing onto the bed with him. Gina went straight to the pole while Heather positioned her wet box over his face. In some sort of unspoken tandem they descended on him, Heather smothering his face with her pussy and Gina plunging his cock into her hot, tight box in one swift motion. 'Life didn't get any better than it was at this precise moment' he realized as he went to work on Heather with his tongue and Gina with his cock. 

'Holy Fuck,' thought Pete, remembering how wet and tight Gina had been before. Even though he had just shot a huge load of cum a little while ago, he was harder now than he had ever been in his life. Of course what man wouldn't be when the two hottest women he knew were bouncing up and down his cock and smothering his mouth with pussy?! Eagerly Pete's tongue licked at Heather's sweet spot, easily bringing her to one drenching orgasm after another. Damn, she tasted as good as her mother...maybe even better. His hands reached out to fondle Heather's young, pert tits that were so like Gina's, plucking her pink pebbles to stiff peaks. 

Meanwhile in Happyland Gina was cumming continuously, flooding his cock, balls, crack and the sheets with her pussy juice. Pete was thrusting upward every time she started to come down and the feel of her tight pussy was almost more than he could bear. The velvety friction of his shaft deep inside of Gina, not to mention Heather's steaming cunny grinding into his mouth, was definitely getting to him. With massive pressure building up in his balls again, he started to fuck Gina as hard as he could, his hands pulling Heather closer as she rode his tongue wildly. 

Gina must have felt his cock head swell up and pulsate because she reached back and squeezed his balls as he thrust up into her even harder and faster. He grabbed Heather by the hips, thrust his tongue in and out of her dripping twat as deeply as he could before moaning loudly and letting loose with another earth shattering release of his white creamy lotion. Gina rode him deeply all the way, tightening her cunt muscles around his slowly deflating pipe, trying hard to squeeze every drop of his precious cum out of him. 

When Gina did finally ease off of him she took his member into her mouth and carefully licked any of their residual juices off of him. Heather, exhausted from the incessant orgasms, finally slid off and lay next to Pete on one side. Gina settled in on his other side only after she was satisfied that there was nothing left to extract from his exhausted cock. 

Pete looked back and forth between the two beauties, exhausted but hoping like hell that this was far from the end of his time with them. He curved a hand over each of their shoulders, pulling them into his embrace. "There aren't any more of your family that I should know about, is there?" 

Heather curled into his side. "Never have I been happier to be an only child."

"There is no way in hell that we'd share you with anyone else anyway." Gina assured him laughingly.

"And just as soon as we all get a nice, long nap I'll show you both just how happy I am to hear that." Pete assured them, settling a hand on each woman's hip. Oh yeah, this was definitely heaven. And he never wanted to wake up.