 Lynn and I had been married only six months when the hunting trip came up. Ted, Peter, and Henry were adamant. "Just because you got married, Dan, is no reason to give up everything you love. Hunting, fishing, camping, you'll need these things to make it through the years ahead."

"I'm OK with it. In fact, I'd love to go. It's Lynn."

"Oh, no! You won't get away with blaming me,  Dan. In fact, I love the outdoors. I'd love to go along." 

Ted was always such a prankster. He said "The only way a woman is going on our hunting trip is if she does all the cooking, cleaning, tending the campfire, and agrees to abide by all the special rules of the hunting team." 

Before I could say a word, Lynn said "OK, you got it. I'd love to take care of you guys."

Ted plunged in while I stood there in shock. "You agree to all the special rules in advance?" 

Lynn said "I'm a woman of my word. You can count on me."

The next month slid by in a flurry of activity. The weekend came for the trip, and we loaded all our gear into Peter' s trailer, practically a home on wheels. Peter drove, and I sat up front. Ted and Henry teased Lynn unmercifully for the first hour of the trip, then settled down into a banal banter, punctuated every few minutes by their laughter. We filled up with gas, took a potty break, ripped a few cold ones out of the cooler, and all deeply inhaled the fresh air here,so far from the city. We drove deep into the mountains, for over an hour on unpaved roads. It was time for lunch. We set up camp, as Lynn made us sandwiches.

"It's time for the scouting survey." Peter said. 

We all suited up. Lynn even put on her hiking boots, until she was told by everybody that we expected her to take care of camp, keep the fire hot, and have dinner ready when we got back later. She was obviously hurt, so in an effort to cheer her up, Ted launched into his speech. 

"Remember Lynn. You must obey the special rules. Special rule number 1 is that the cook must always be in camp. Special rule #2 is that the cook must always be naked in camp. Special rule #3 is that the cook must always have hot food ready for each meal. Special rule number four is that the cook must, completely satisfy each and every member of the hunting party each night before the cook goes to sleep. Special rule number five is that the cook can tell no one else the details of the trip or the rules, then..." 

"Enough, Ted, enough! Let's get going!" Peter cut him off.

We trudged up mountainsides and down mountainsides. All I could think of was the hot meal and beautiful wife waiting for me back at camp. Lynn has wavy, dark, curly hair that is shoulder length. Her dark, heavy eyebrows accent her wide eyes. She has a lush figure, with pendulous breasts that are the envy of all her women friends. She is tall compared to most women, only a few inches shorter than the rest of us men.

Peter was the obvious outdoorsman, with his European good looks. Ted was a natural radical and clown, with his fire red hair. He looked more like a student, wiry and thin, but I'd seen him carry a heavier pack than mine all day without even slowing down. Henry was dark haired and stocky, built thick like a smithy from the days of the old west. My toned and athletic body, wavy dark hair, and relaxed style matched Lynn exactly. So when I got back to camp, I took the time to put away everybody's backpacks and rifles, as they had just dumped them, piling into the trailer, drawn by the delicious smell of warm food. "Dan, you better get in here!" Peter shouted.

I got in the trailer, and my jaw dropped. Lynn was there, pulling hot rolls from the oven, with her oven mitts on, and other than her earrings, that was it. Her large breasts hung down, as she carefully pulled out the rolls. Pushing me down in the seat, she shoved Ted in next to me. There were hot steaks, fresh mixed vegetables, apple juice, the rolls. She had obviously put a lot of work into this meal. 

"Sit. Sit! Anyone for milk?" Lynn said, as her breasts hung down over the table. She poured a glass for each of us, then ate standing at the counter. Each of the men eyed her hungrily. We ate quietly, reverting to the cavemen huddled around a fire. The only thing we had in common at that moment was our love of the food and this beautiful woman.

Ted pulled out a bottle of whiskey, and we each took several shots. I tried to help Lynn with the dishes, but she just brushed me off with "I asked for this. I can handle it!" 

Ted was making noises about dessert. "I'm very hungry." 

Lynn replied "I have just the thing. I have a hot pie ready for all of you to eat. Just another moment, It'll be ready."

Lynn moved back to the double bed that filled the other end of the trailer, laying down, spreading herself wide open for us. She opened herself up with her fingers, making little noises of pleasure. She came from touching herself. 

"Ted, your slice of pie is ready. Are you ready to eat it?" 

"You bet!" He was out of the table and between her legs before I knew what was said. 

Lynn gave him several minutes, then said "Good job! Now Peter, time for you to eat your pie!" Peter was very good. Lynn really moaned with him, arching her back. She gave him a few minutes longer, whether it was extending her pleasure or losing track of time. 

"Henry, your slice of pie is hot and ready. C'mon & eat!"

Henry was every bit as good as Peter. Lynn even shouted once, during an intense climax where her hands balled into fists and she smashed them on the bed. She waved me over. 

"Dan, honey, your pie with the special sauce is ready!" Lynn loved their attentions. Her pussy was swollen with her pleasure, dripping with her excitement. I knew at that point we were beyond hope of ending it here. Ted's joke was going to become our reality. I bent my head to lick her, as her hands played with my hair.

I licked Lynn's slit from top to bottom, rejoicing in the feel of her. I slipped my fingers inside her. I did all the things that I knew turned her on, playing her body with the wisdom of experience. She came, over and over, slamming her fists into the bed as she shouted. It was a great boost to my ego, right there in front of my friends.

Pulling me up to kiss her, Lynn said "I promised. Please  understand. I can't go back on my word. I love you." I didn't have time to tell her everything as she simply called out "Dan, you and Henry take down the table and make it a bed. Ted, come over here and tell me what you want to be completely satisfied."

We took down the bed, as Lynn pulled down Ted's pants, sucking him noisily, slurping him down her throat. She stripped him down, then pulled him into the bed with her.

"Dan, pull open the bunk bed above us and climb in. All the rest of you gents get naked. I don't have time to waste

with undressing you. You guys have to be up at the crack of dawn. I must be up earlier. SO shake a tail feather!"

Ted climbed between my wife's legs, and just before he did,

I saw that I had nothing to worry about. His dick was neither long nor thick, but he speared Lynn with style, and she obviously enjoyed it. Peter came over, already hard, but she blew him anyway as Ted climbed off the bed. He was very thick, and her noisy blow job put steel right into my dick. It looked like he was going to come, but Lynn pulled her mouth off him, and they whispered for a few moments. Then Lynn got down on all fours, her big jugs swaying underneath her with every thrust, as Peter entered her from the rear. she was really enjoying him. "Oh-Oh-Oh!" she cried. Peter grunted, and Lynn made that cooing noise she made after I came in her. Peter crawled off over to sleep by Ted. Henry came to my wife, and at first, she didn't know what to do.

Henry was really hung, and Lynn could barely fit the tip of his giant dick in her mouth. Slowly, she took more in her mouth each stroke as she sucked him. She was getting even hotter imagining how he would feel inside her. Henry laid down, and Lynn held his cock in one hand, while she guided it in with the other. Her body rippled with pleasure as he entered her. Lynn bounced on him, her mouth open as her breathing deepened, her breasts bouncing until his meaty hands grabbed them firmly, squeezing them like the cantaloupe melons they resembled. Whatever he did, he did it gently, and Lynn really responded. She moaned the entire time he was inside her, deep in her throat, more like a soft growl. Her hips were backing wildly, and she

bounced up and down his rigid shaft with longer strokes. Her eyes were glazed over in lust. Her soft rear bounced on him, and her fingers were a blur as she touched herself. They both came, bodies coming up off the bed, as Henry fired his last salvo of sperm into my wife. She tried to blow him hard again, licking off all the cum smeared all over his massive cock, but he just didn't have it in him. 

As he got out, I climbed down. Before I was comfortable next to my wife, he was snoring. Lynn was still vibrating as she kissed me, quickly and intensely, Then she took her hungry mouth from mine and spun around, devouring my cock. Her wet snatch came down on my face, with a river of cum pouring out of it. I just closed my eyes, as I sought her secret places out with my tongue. I couldn't miss the taste of other men's cum, which was all through her wet bush, leaking out from inside her, running in streams down her thighs. Every time my tongue brushed Lynn's clit, she shuddered. Her mouth was frantic on my dick, her head stroking her mouth back and forth in a blur. I could feel the muscles inside her slick channel grip my fingers, grateful to have something inside her again. 

Lynn went wild, her body was at a peak of lust, and her animal needs were not going to be denied. After the spasms of climax wracked her body, she got up, lowered her slick slit on my rock hard cock, greeting me with strong contractions of her cunt walls. She moaned as she licked the pools and blobs of cum off my face, bouncing her buns on me, pressing her breasts into me and rubbing my chest with them as she kissed me. I thrust back into her just as eagerly, proud of my young wife, grateful she shared herself with me, glad that our most intense sexual experience yet was bringing us together. I pumped my cum inside her, mixing it with what already was inside her, as

Lynn cooed into my mouth. She kissed me deeply one last time, then flipped around again, back to devouring my cock with her mouth. I closed my eyes again as the hot sperm poured out on my face, licking into Lynn, grateful that she was responding so intensely to me. She wasn't cumming as often as she had with Henry, but they were very intense. In a few minutes, when I was rock hard again, Lynn switched bad to riding me, grinding her clit into me, bouncing her buns, tonguing me fiercely the whole time. I thrust into her, having her cunt walls grasp me in each of her climaxes, until they finally pulled loose my spurting jism. We kissed as Lynn panted, breathing heavily, open mouthed, as her body finally settled down for the night.

Lynn shook me awake at dawn, and the smell of coffee, breakfast rolls, eggs & bacon. She took off her apron, as she pushed us around, getting Ted & Peter up so she could set up the table, kissing Henry awake. Come to think of it, she kissed us all awake, shaking us and giving us our orders. Within ten to fifteen minutes, she had us all awake, dressed, and eating. Even after we ate, we looked at her hungrily. "Go, my hunters. Be swift, and good hunting." We were standing outside the trailer in the cold before we realized we didn't have our coats. She opened up the door, threw out the coats, and spread her legs, standing at the door. She put her hand between her legs, saying "I'll keep the camp warm for you."

Peter took us to the ridge we had scouted yesterday. We moved like we had been doing this all of our lives. The perfect hunting team found our buck, took him down, and carried him back to camp before lunch. Henry and I took the job of dressing the deer, gutting it and preparing it for the trip home.

Lynn was in the trailer, sandwiched between Peter and Ted on the bed. Peter was behind her, doggy style, driving her mouth forward onto Ted, whose head was thrown back in sheer glee. Lynn was using one of her hands on him, stroking him as she sucked him. Lynn's lush tits bobbed and wobbled, bounced from both sides, her nipples erect. Peter was fingering her, as he thrust firmly into her. I had the feeling this was going to go on for a while, so Henry & I grabbed a couple of cold beers, sat down at the breakfast nook, and watched. Ted remembered how much he liked her knockers, so he started feeling her up. Lynn gave herself over to the pleasure, which only triggered Peter and Ted. Lynn clearly liked the taste of Ted's cum, and she milked him for every drop, licking him as she cupped his balls, stroking his last drops onto her outstretched tongue. Peter stroked into her until he went soft, then they kissed as Ted climbed out to grab a beer. Henry whispered to me a plan, which was sheer genius.  

Henry propped up some pillows, laying Lynn on them in an upright but reclining position. He knelt on the bed, feeding her his huge dick, as I knelt between her legs, liberally licking her clit, with long strokes. When Henry was baseball bat hard, I laid down on the bed, pulling Lynn on top of me. Her seam gushed fluid on my face, Ted & Peter's cum.

Lynn's mouth closed around my half hard cock, as Henry stuffed his nightstick into her sweet snatch. His heavy balls bounced on the top of my head, so Henry quickly stopped taking hard strokes, switching to long, slow strokes. It drove Lynn crazy. She came, over and over again, intensely, beyond what I thought she could endure. She loved every moment of it, and it lasted for over an hour. I came twice in her mouth, which only increased the frequency of her climaxes for a few moments. I could hear Henry puffing up above, and when he finally started pounding his balls into my head I got the message that he was going to cum very soon. I pulled out of Lynn's hot mouth, sliding out the side as Lynn collapsed, tits buried in the bed, ass in the air, as Henry pounded into her deeply, bashing her buns with his hips, holding her hips as she moaned. They came together, and Henry crawled outside to goto sleep under a_ tree. I knelt behind Lynn, filling her with my hard cock, her cunt full of scalding hot sperm, still quivering from another man being inside her, fucking her. Peter came up and fed her his hard cock, which she turned her head to the side to suck. She was still tits down, ass up, eyes closed, completely lost in the pleasure beyond any she had ever known. Peter and I took turns with her, each cumming twice, which took quite a while. It was mid afternoon by the time we quit. Lynn kicked us out while she took a quick sponge bath, and started in cooking dinner.

Dinner, the final meal of the day, was fabulous. Chicken L'orange, corn on the cob, green beans, hot bread sticks, great food. Lynn was very open, touching and kissing everyone, enjoying all the attention given to her big breasts, like foreplay with four guys at once. The best thing about the meal was dessert, which was Lynn, of course. She took care us exactly the same way she did the first night. I was exhausted, but Lynn came so hard she feel asleep, snoring with my cock still in her mouth.

The next day was a warm one, and there was no more hunting to do, so Henry suggested a picnic. We took a blanket out into the woods, near the limits of our campsite. Lynn's nipples were stiff from the cool breeze, which led to two different mouths helping to warm them up. Peter started kissing her, and I climbed between her legs. Lynn was already wet, even though she had taken her sponge bath early.

All the attention, the natural setting, Lynn loved it and she was really responding. We took turns laying under Lynn, two of us sucking on her breasts as one of us filled her hot snatch, the other her hot mouth. We all had to be very tender, since Lynn had been taking us all on for two days now. Since we had all been gentle from the beginning, she wasn't hurting, just tender. That only served to draw things out, so that we screwed her all afternoon. As always, Lynn responded the best to Myself and Henry.

That night, dinner was late. Lynn still outdid herself. BBQ beef ribs, tater tots, mixed veggies, shots of Tequila, and biscuits. Lynn got really loose, and pulled Ted and Peter over to the bed. She rummaged in her train case for a minute, then pulled out a jar of Vaseline. My attention immediately doubled, as my cock went from hard to diamond splitting hard. Lynn greased up Ted, bending over the bed, as he slipped his cock in her ass. Deciding that she liked it, she laid him down on the bed, slid herself down him, both of them face up, until he was inside her ass again. Spreading her legs wide, she pulled Peter between them. Henry walked over, and Lynn turned her head to the side to suck him. She had mastered her sword swallowing skills, and could get him seriously into her throat, but the position just wasn't right for it. Ted didn't last very long, and Lynn had everyone get up. 

She greased up my fully erect prick, laid me down on the bed, held me as she guided me into her asshole. Henry came next, splitting her open with his beaver cleaver. Peter filled her mouth, as Ted snored loudly over on the bed made from the dining table. It was blood boiling hot inside her tight ass. I came quickly, but her spasms kept me hard, just as Henry's huge cock rubbed us both. I could feel Lynn in almost continual orgasm, her back arched, and I just had to play with her tits. My fingertips flicking her nipples simple drove her over the edge. From that point onward, Lynn could only growl, slurp, and moan, until we all erupted inside her in a nearly simultaneous climax. She gulped down Peter's sperm, spasmed around Henry's & my cock's, wriggling and writhing like a tasty fish harpooned by three large spears. I went off to clean myself off, and came back to find Henry already asleep in the top bunk, Peter asleep next to Ted, and Lynn, lewdly spread, arms wide open, snoring at the top of her lungs. I crawled in next to her, nuzzling her breasts, and was asleep before I heard her third heartbeat.

The next morning, we broke camp. It was time to drive back. It was strange to see Lynn in clothes again. Everyone acted very sweetly toward her, but kept their distance, no more grab ass or feeling her up. We talked, we sang, we rejoiced our good luck, we checked our tag with the ranger, we filled up with gas, and we drove home.

During the holidays, Ted & Stephanie, Peter & Laura, Joy and Henry joined us for a party. Ted came up with an idea: in the spring, a fishing trip to his family's cabin, just like the hunting trip in the fall. Lynn immediately volunteered, far too eagerly, saying "I'll go. I already know what to do. I'd love it." with a gleam in her eye. 

Joy said "Not so fast, honey. I'm next. Then Laura, then Stephanie." 

Lynn was livid, saying "Hey, Joy, that makes it another whole damn year before I get to go!". 

Joy replied "Well Lynn, you've already gone. For whatever reason I can't guess, you want to do it again, so it can't be all that bad." 

Lynn begged "Wild horses couldn't drag me away. Why don't we both go?" 

Joy was instantly curious, "Uh-Uh. You did it alone, I'll do it alone. What's the big secret?" 

Ted jumped in, saying "Joy, you have to agree in advance, just like Lynn did, to obey all the special rules. If you fail, then we will just have to make Lynn our sole camp cook from now on." 
