 15. The final hunt.

The morning broke, and temperatures soared already. It was promising to be a hot day.

"Good morning ladies, one more day to go, now don't oversleep and miss the best part of it: my breakfast," Jennifer called, waking up those who were still sleeping.

Ashley woke up, feeling refreshed from a good night's sleep, knowing that they had one tough day to go and that after that it would be pay day. Just one more day of accepting abuse, and then it would be all finished.

"Just one more day, and then finally my sore pussy can heal," groaned a sleepy Phoebe next to her.

"Yes, looking forward to that myself too," Ashley replied.

They got up, and walked down to have breakfast. It was early in the morning, the birds were singing, and the sun was shining bright. It was getting hot already, it was promising to be a scorcher. A beautiful day to end an eventful week, Ashley thought.

Ashley and Phoebe went to their hideout together. It was hot, but they would have to be found anyway, so why not keep each other company while waiting for that. And if too hot deep inside, they could always just step out of the niche and still be somewhat hidden.

It was cool under the rocks when they moved in. They snuggled up together, and immediately started to hug and kiss. Ashley felt the warm feelings of love run through her body, making her feel very happy. After a few minutes they stopped kissing, and just hugged each other closely. The horn sounded, the game was on. In the distance they could hear the cheers of the men, who were obviously looking forward to today.

Ashley said softly, "It's been an interesting week, don't you think, I've never done anything like this before. Never accepted people to use my body like that. Never done it with another woman. Never felt love for another woman."

"It's been interesting, for sure. I've had more sex in the last week than I've had in the rest of my life. I never knew I could do this."

"Me neither. But I think I've come to terms with it. With most of it, if not everything, at least for now. The prostitution, being used as sex toy all the time. Being without clothes all the time. Being with you, being in love with another woman. I've come to terms with it. Those men can have my body, but they do not get me, my soul. And they can't have this -" She kissed Phoebe again.

"Thanks," whispered Phoebe. "I love you. You're so sweet to me, I don't think I could have gone through all this on my own. I still can't really come to terms with the constant sexual abuse, it really wears me out. I know they're just interested in my pussy and my boobs, which in a way hurts me, I'm not treated like a woman. At least you treat me for what I am, a woman, with a heart and soul. Not just a sexy body."

While Phoebe talked, Ashley was stroking her hand over her girlfriend's body. She just felt so in love with the girl. And could connect with her so well, after all they had been through together. It was an experience she would not be able to share with anyone else.

Phoebe returned her touches. Ashley felt a hand run over her belly, along her side, moving up to her breast. She moaned softly, feeling aroused by such a simple touch. It was the anticipation, the touch of that soft female hand, that got her aroused already. She grabbed the other woman and pulled her close to her, kissing her passionately, letting her hands move as much as the space would allow her.

Phoebe answered her kiss eagerly, and started to massage her breast. Ashley felt great, she was feeling so aroused now. She felt her pussy getting very wet.

"I want you, I want you to make me come, here and now," she moaned softly in between two kisses.

Seconds later she felt a finger, then two, enter her pussy. Her own hand found Phoebe's pussy, which she found was very wet as well. The women kissed passionately, while fingering one another urgently. It did not take long before she felt Phoebe stiffen up, shaking, silently having her orgasm. Her pussy was so wet, it was overflowing. Ashley felt her juices drip down her fingers.

When her orgasm subsided, Phoebe started to finger Ashley harder again. Ashley soon started to feel her own orgasm build. She was panting hard, trying to keep control, trying to keep silent. Then she felt her orgasm rock through her body, and she let out a scream. She just could not control herself, it felt too good, she was too aroused, and in the end basically she did not care any more about the world around her, Phoebe and her fingers were the most important now.

"Thanks," she whispered, when her orgasm settled down and Phoebe stopped stimulating her. "That was great."

"You were great too. That was one of my best orgasms ever."

Ashley smiled, "I hope I didn't alert the men too much."

Phoebe smiled back at her, "I don't care, just enjoy the time we have as -"

"Now look at that, so one of you is that screamer," Ashley heard behind her. She was petrified, she had not even heard anyone entering their hideout. 

"It seems you two were doing some warming up, or what?" the man continued. "Now come out, we can also do with some warming up."

She looked around, and saw a man in his forties, with dark curly hair. She looked back at Phoebe, gave her an air kiss invisible to the man, and started moving out. Phoebe followed closely behind her. 

Another man, blonde, about the same age, was waiting out there. "Very nice catch. Two in one go, and they look hot. Well done." 

The blonde man was standing behind Phoebe, and cupped her breasts. 

"Oh yeah, very nice," he said.

His hands moved down over her belly, and he rubbed a finger over her pussy. 

"She's soaked," he declared. "How about the other one?" 

Ashley felt a hand cupping her pussy, and a finger rubbing her, trying to enter her. She shivered under his touch, and started to breathe a bit faster. She was just so sensitive, especially after the warming-up she just had with Phoebe.

"Very wet, too," the dark-haired man reported. "We shouldn't let that go to waste. And there is only one proper thing to do with a wet pussy, and that is to fuck it."

"Agreed. Which one you prefer? You found them, you get first choice."

Ashley felt the man's hands rub over her body, cupping her breasts, moving down her ass.

"Mmm... lets see. Nice pussy. Nice tits. Feels good." The man walked over to Phoebe who was felt up just like he did to Ashley. "A tough call, they both feel good. But I think I'll go with this one. I prefer a bit bigger tits, both not really big but this is the best one for that."

The dark-haired man pushed Phoebe down to the ground and on her back, while the blonde walked over to Ashley. He put her on her hands and knees, and proceeded to fuck her from behind, while grabbing her hanging breasts with his hands, massaging her roughly. His dick had no problem entering her as she was still well lubricated and he did not waste any time and started to fuck her right away. 

Ashley felt herself getting very wet again under the ongoing sexual assault, but the sex did not last long. After a few minutes the man pulled out. He moved to her mouth, and ordered her to clean him up. Ashley could taste herself on his hard dick when he stuck it in her mouth. She was glad at least it didn't have a urine taste, as they often do. She dutifully used her tongue to lick him all around cleaning him up.

When cleaned up, he put his dick back in his pants, pulled Ashley to her feet, and handcuffed her.

The man doing Phoebe continued to fuck her hard, Phoebe was screaming under his rough pounding. Her face looked distorted, as if she was in pain, but the man didn't care, he continued to pound her pussy until he came, dumping his load inside of her.

He pulled out, and put his softening dick in her face, ordering her to clean him up. Phoebe, with tears in her eyes, slowly opened her mouth and took him in, sucking him clean. When he was satisfied, he put his dick back in his pants, pulled up Phoebe, and handcuffed her as well. Then the girls were taken to the entrance gate, where five other women were sitting already.

When the men left, Ashley moved towards Phoebe, hugging her with her legs as well as she could, being handcuffed. Phoebe put her head against Ashley's shoulder, and cried a bit.

"That bastard. That really hurt. The ground there was really uncomfortable, some stones in my back, but he never checked whether I was OK. I told him even I was uncomfortable and he didn't bother to check."

"I saw you, you looked like you were in pain. I felt so bad seeing you like that, not being able to do anything."

"Please give me a kiss."

Ashley kissed the ravaged girl. They kissed long, pressing their bodies against each other.

"Someone coming!" Eva hissed.

They quickly broke their kiss. "Thank you, I feel a lot better already," Phoebe said.

Emily was brought in, and chained near the other girls. They were all silent, until the man left.

"I don't know what it is, they just seem to love my boobs. Look at that," Emily said, looking at her chest. Several white stains were visible on her skin. "The guy that just took me here fucked my boobs and came all over them. It didn't take him long either. The horny bastards."

The other girls laughed.

Over the next hour one by one the others were taken in as well, and before too long all fifteen women had been found, and they had been collected at the gate. The men called for the bus to come pick them up, and soon they were all on their way to the mansion.



16. The grand finale.

Lunch proceeded the way they were all accustomed to. Twenty men, fifteen women on their laps, rotating, allowing all of them to feel the various bodies on offer. The food was good and plentiful as always, and Ashley made sure to ignore the touches of the men and eat good, knowing that they would be in for a long and hard afternoon.

When lunch was finished, everyone moved to the other room. There William stepped on the stage, to say his welcome to the guests. He was wearing a smart suit, no tie, the top buttons of his shirt were open. Angel was standing next to him, the first time Ashley had seen her in the mansion. Angel was dressed beautifully, wearing a dark blue, long halter top dress, showing off her figure really well. 

"Welcome everyone on this special day. The last day of the annual hunting event here at my mansion, I'm glad to see some of you who have been here before, and also some first time guests. We also have fifteen beautiful ladies here, who are there for your pleasure. They've been here for over a week already, and I'm glad to see all of them are still there. Thank you very much ladies, you have given us a great time already. I'm sure today will be at least as good.

"To warm up, we will start with a simple game. This so you will get to sample what's on offer today. The first game I call musical girls. It is a bit like the musical chairs. The ladies will walk in a circle, the gentlemen will walk in a circle around them, opposite direction. Music is playing. When the music stops, you may grab any lady you like. But be fast, not everyone can be provided. You may then play with your lady until the music starts again, but mind there is one rule in force: no dicks. Your dick stays in your pants for now, we don't want you to be finished too soon.

"Please ladies make a circle, clockwise, gentlemen please make a circle around them, the opposite direction. And let the music play!"

They all took their places, and music started to play. Ashley felt very weird, parading around like that, with all those fully clothed men facing her, ogling her, their eyes bouncing up and down her body. The music played for about a minute, and then stopped. Within seconds she was grabbed by a man, who then took her a few steps aside to find some space, and started to run his hands all over her body. She felt him touch her breasts, her sides, her back, her ass, her pussy. Everywhere he could reach. Her sensitive body reacted instantly on his touches, she felt her nipples harden.

The music started again, and she returned to make a circle with the rest of the girls, surrounded by the men. Shortly after the circles were completed, the music stopped again, and another man grabbed her and started to feel her up. Having his hands touch her sensitive bits aroused her again. She was so sensitive after all the sex she had the last week, she just hoped they were not going to pinch her nipples again or she would be hurting really badly.

Music again, this time playing long. Two, three, four times around, and the music still continued. Then suddenly it stopped, and yet another man took possession of her. He was quite rough, pinched her nipples hard, making her cringe and cry in pain. Then he took her nipples in his mouth, and sucked them quite gently, until the music started again. His sucking Ashley found rather enjoyable, she would be happy to receive more of that.

After walking around the circle for half a minute the music stopped, and she was grabbed again. This man was rather gentle on her. He stood behind her, so his hands had easy access to her sensitive front. She could feel his hard dick against her backside. He ran his hands over her body, massaged her breasts lightly, and then moved down to her pussy.

"You're pretty wet," he commented, and proceeded to rub her wet pussy with one hand, massaging her breast with the other. Ashley got very aroused, and let out a soft moan. But soon after the music started again, and she was back to the circle.

The next man also quickly found out her pussy was rather wet, and started to stimulate her harder. Ashley moaned, she didn't try to suppress it, on the contrary, as she knew the men loved to hear her reaction on their touches. She also heard moaning around her, and saw some of the other girls receiving the same treatment.

Several more rounds followed: every time a different man, every time he got about a minute to feel her up and to stimulate her. By then all the men were focussing on the pussies of the women they got their hands on, as all the girls were getting really aroused now. But no-one was getting off, as the intervals between the music fragments were just too short for that, and the walking in between the stimulation sessions lowered their arousal enough.

William and Angel appeared on stage again, ending the game. "Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I believe you must have sampled most of the ladies now. This was a great warming up, we really enjoyed watching you. The ladies seemed to enjoy it very much, too, considering how aroused they all got. You guys really worked your magic on them, well done I should say.

"I have a large storage box here containing a couple dozen sex toys. Angel, please help me hand it to the men there, thank you." 

Angel passed the box to two of the men, who carried it it to the middle of the room.

"Now the ladies are quite worked up, and quite positively will need some relief. I hope you guys can help them with that. So ladies please make yourself comfortable, and gentlemen, please be gentle with your ladies, and work your magic."

No need to say that again to the men. They all went for the box, and then for the girls. Ashley sat down on the ground, and saw the other girls sit or lie down, relaxing, just letting the next stage happen to them. Some of them were lying down with their legs spread, fully prepared to be invaded. Ashley did not really look forward to having to receive those dildos in her vagina, but on the other hand she did like the idea of getting relief, as she really had gotten worked up during the musical girls game.

Ashley was pushed back to the ground by two men, one of whom started to massage her breasts, and suck her nipples. The other had a rather large dildo in his hands and started to work it in between her legs. She felt herself getting very wet now, both because of the gentle suckling on her nipples and the anticipation of things to come. The man with the dildo slowly coated the tool in her juices, making sure it was nice and wet before he slowly started to insert it into her.

The dildo was large and thick. It stretched her vulva seriously, this was much thicker than any real dick could be, she thought. It hurt, the stretch hurt. It started to fill her up, she moaned in pain and pleasure. The dildo was pushed in and pulled out slowly, every time going a little deeper. And deeper. She had no idea how much of that tool was inside of her, but it was definitely deeper than a real dick had ever been inside of her. As she got used to the stretch, the pain lessened.

The men switched places, for a while just leaving the dildo inside of her. She felt two mouths on her nipples, two different ways of sucking. Then one mouth left and was replaced by a hand, while the dildo started to move in and out of her again. She moaned, louder. She had her eyes closed, not caring about her surroundings. She could hear moans all around her. Soft, loud, one girl started to scream. Probably reaching her orgasm, she thought. She wondered how Phoebe was doing. Was she getting there already? Was she being treated nicely?

Ashley started to feel really aroused now, from the whole erotic atmosphere, thinking of all the other girls and specifically Phoebe being masturbated near her, and of course the feel of the huge dildo in her pussy that was moving in and out rather fast now. She arched her back, and soon felt her orgasm rip through her body. She screamed in pleasure, the dildo kept moving, until she calmed down. Then the movements also lessened, and the tool was pulled out of her.

She looked around, and saw most girls lying idle, apparently all had been pushed to their orgasms. Only four more were toyed with, each with a whole group of men around them. She saw Phoebe lying there as well, five men around her, touching her body, moving a dildo in and out of her pussy. Ashley thought it looked really hot, watching her girlfriend getting off. Strangely enough she felt no jealousy, it was just an arousing sight to her.

Soon also Phoebe reached her orgasm, as did the other girls, and then this round of the games was over as well. William and Angel were sitting on the stage, enjoying the spectacle in front of their eyes. When the last girl came to her senses, they applauded.

William announced, "That was awesome, gentlemen. The ladies should thank you for this. I enjoyed watching you thoroughly. As did Angel, she told me. It is now time for tea, it looks like our ladies are spent and need a recharge. So everybody please return to the dining room where tea has been served."

Ashley got on her feet, and walked over to Phoebe, and helped her up too. She said softly, "You know, you look really hot when you come."

Phoebe looked at her and smiled.

They walked to the dining room where as promised tea had been served. Not just tea, a few kinds of tea and cold drinks were available, together with a host of cakes and other snacks. Ashley immediately noticed that these cakes were mostly cream cakes, custard cakes, and other cakes that were just guaranteed to result in accidents. That could not be a coincidence, of course.

It did indeed not take long before Ashley had the first cake dropped on her chest, and had her breasts licked and sucked clean again. This was done quite gently and lovely, so it did not feel that bad, it was just that she had gotten bored with this kind of games by now. The man whose lap she was sitting on enjoyed it very much of course, as did the other men. The girls were rotated, and the ritual continued, until they were all rather sticky upfront. A tongue only goes so far when it comes to cleaning.

Tea time lasted for the better part of an hour. Ashley made sure she got enough to eat and to drink, as the previous session had been quite exhausting and she indeed could do with a recharge. 
