 Kylie Williams got to wear the white lace wedding dress of her dreams. The one with the pretty veil and the long train.

She got to have her best friend, Vanessa, be her maid of honor and she got her other 3 best girlfriends to be bridesmaids.

She got to put her pretty, long blonde hair up and have her makeup done in a professional salon while her mother wept and told her how beautiful she looked.

She got to walk down the aisle in her favorite church with the beautiful stained glass windows while 100 people, friends and family, watched her with her father.

Kylie got to look into David's beautiful brown eyes and say "I do" in front of all those people and become Mrs. Evans.

She got to dance at her reception, smoosh cake into his handsome face and be happier than she could ever remember being.

Now she was on a plane bound for Hawaii, with the man she loved, her lover, embarking on her new life as a married woman and looking forward to the wild, passionate honeymoon.

She had not come to the marriage a virgin. There had been a few lovers in her high school days, but David was her man from their first date. He'd been so gallant, opening car doors, pulling out chairs and treating her like a lady, she'd fallen. Hard.

With his own chiseled good looks complimenting her own blonde curviness, everyone thought they made the perfect couple. David had waited before they'd made love, he hadn't pushed her. Truth be told, if he hadn't asked when he did, she was going to jump his bones anyway. She still giggled at that thought.

The sex was warm, sensual and romantic, everything a girl could want. He made love to her gently, his tongue trailed all over her body and he kissed her so sweetly. He took his time, his cock filled her and as she wrapped her legs around his back, her aqua eyes looking into his brown eyes, she was filled with love for him. As his cock moved in and out of her, teasingly, she whimpered and had an orgasm.

Every time they made love, and David didn't push it, it was the same. His lovemaking was tender and romantic and Kylie appreciated that her fiance didn't expect anything kinky from her.

David looked over at his new bride and smiled. They were going to have a perfect life if he had anything to say about it. He was doing well at the Insurance company, was rising fast in the ranks and would have enough income to support them well. Winning the affections of this blonde doll was icing on the cake, in the nearly 7 years they'd been together, he'd never taken that for granted.

The honeymoon on Maui was his parent's gift to their son and new daughter-in-law. They'd given them both a hug and kiss when presenting the happy couple with the First-Class plane tickets and accommodations. He remembered his parents had honeymooned their themselves and loved it, so he was touched by their kind gesture.

The pretty flight attendant came towards them with a bottle of champagne and filled both glasses. She was chatting animatedly with Kylie, who seemed to have taken a real shine to the pretty Hawaiian. She certainly was attractive, David thought, with long sexy legs in the short little skirts they wore, black hair down to her butt and dark eyes that a person could drown in. She was sexy as hell "up top" too and if David hadn't been head-over-heels for Kylie, he'd have made a pass at this stunner for sure.

Keylani sat in the seat across from Kylie and occupied the pretty newlywed in conversation for most of the flight. She was chipper, when David paid attention, he found himself enjoying the snippets of conversation he'd hear.

"David, honey?"

"Hmm. Oh, sorry hon, was looking out the window. What is it?"

Kylie smiled at her new husband. "Keylani's offered to show us around tonight, after we get settled in. Won't that be great?"

David felt a bit dejected at that moment. He'd hoped to have a quiet, intimate dinner with his new bride and then a night of passion, the kind he'd dreamt of for months. Still, a man could do a lot worse than to spend a social evening with these two beauties.

"Sure hon. Thanks Keylani. That's very kind of you."

Keylani's face broke out into a big smile. "Not at all. I love meeting new people and getting to know them."

The plane landed a little while later and once they'd disembarked, Keylani told them she'd go home, change and meet them at their hotel at 7. She wanted to let her sister Alana know she'd be out all evening as well, so her sister wouldn't worry.

They said their goodbyes and David and Kylie went to their hotel. They had a drink of champagne from the complimentary bottle the hotel provided and Kylie went in the shower to get ready. David followed her in.

"What are you doing?" Kylie asked innocently.

"I am going to join you in there. If we're going to be out most of the night, I'd like a little alone time with my sexy new wife."

She giggled, turned on the water and they both got in the large, luxurious shower. He soaped her all over, spending extra time on her large, big breasts. David loved her tits, they were so round, full and bouncy. She had nipples pink as cotton candy and he loved sucking on them. He worked his way down her curvy, sexy body and buried his face in her sweet-shaven cunt, eating her out and feeling her legs buckle as he devoured her. Knowing she was his forever made him work even harder to please her, no other man was ever going to fuck his hot little wifey!

Kylie's moans and groans were echoing off the shower tiles as her husband – god, she loved thinking that – ate her out. She cooed words of encouragement, but Kylie wasn't much of a talker. His licking tongue was thrilling her and as he moved up her body, she knew what she had to do.

Kylie wrapped her tiny fist around her husband's growing cock and lathered it, jerked at it and played with it. She caressed his big balls and heard him groan out as she did so. David's cock was so big and hard, she wished they could fuck right here. But she knew that they should fuck in bed, that would be the best place. There was no time for that, so she jerked him harder until he came in her hand.

"How do you feel darling?" she asked him, grinning.

"Like I wish we had more time" he responded. He'd been seized with the urge to fuck her from behind, but realized she likely would have protested. There wasn't much time anyway and he'd had a cum, so they both got out of the shower and toweled off.

David and Kylie had decided on "dressy casual" for the evening, so he put on his best grey slacks and blue sports jacket, with a nice shirt. She'd given him cuff links as one of her wedding gifts, so David wore his French-cuff shirt. He debated about pouring them another glass of champagne when there was a knock at the door of their suite. Looking at the nearby clock, Keylani was right on time.

He opened the door to a vision. An exquisite vision.

Her long dark hair was all the way down her back, nearly to her feet. Keylani was dressed in a sheer, floral print dress, he could see the black lacy underwear underneath, a sexy little G-string and bra. On her legs she was wearing suede, Tan-colored high heeled boots that came up just above her knees. Her golden skin was dusted with a little "sparkle" powder and she just glowed with beauty. 

"Umm, David. Hello?"

She spoke and broke his trance. "I'm sorry, please, come on in."

She laughed, soft voiced. "I take it you like the outfit?" He nodded, adding "You look lovely Keylani." Keylani looked around the room. "And where is your lovely bride?"

"Right behind you."

David turned around and was again stunned into silence. Kylie had her hair all in golden waves, her eyes accentuated with light blue eye shadow. She was wearing a silver lame top that didn't cover much of her beautiful breasts – which had to be braless under that thing – and barely came down to her navel. She'd pierced her navel a few months before, but there was a new dangly chain hanging down, very sexy. She was in a tight leather mini, black, which hugged her round bottom delectably. Her legs were in the spider-web stockings she'd bought and she was wearing stilettos. All David could think about was how fuckable she looked.

Then he looked at Keylani and had the same thought. He was going to have to concentrate on behaving, he knew that. "Would you like a glass of champagne ladies?" he asked gallantly. Both women nodded. He filled three glasses, giving one to each of the girls. He raised his high and toasted "To a beautiful new friendship." They all clinked glasses and drank.

"Where are we going?" Kylie wanted to know.

"Oh, a few nice places, we'll see some sights. I thought you might like my favorite nightclub, The Lei of the Land, for some nightlife. Sound good, darlings?" Keylani said, linking her arms through both of theirs.

Keylani proved to be a wonderful Tour Guide. She took them all around the islands, including a late-night helicopter ride over the volcanoes. "My friend Andy owns the company," Keylani told them. "And I used to date our pilot here, till he got the marriage idea."

"You don't want to get married Keylani?" Kylie asked their companion.

"Well – it's kinda hard to explain." Keylani seemed to want to change the subject and David picked up on that, guiding her towards other topics.

They got to "The Lei of the Land" around 9 and got past the doorman after Keylani flashed him her dazzling smile "Had to flash more than that last time!" she told Kylie, who turned about 9 shades of red.

The club was great, David liked it immediately. All kinds of music was being played, a great mix. Funk, hip-hop, oldies, slow tunes – something for everyone. "This place is great!" David told Keylani.

"I love it here!" she smiled back. "Care to dance?"

"I would, but I suck!" he laughed. "I had to practice for a month to dance at our wedding, didn't I hon?" David grinned at Kylie.

"He'll never compete with Astaire, that's for sure!" Kylie laughed heartily.

Keylani leaned in to Kylie and said "Then why don't YOU come and dance with me?" There was an almost predatory look in her eyes and Kylie felt a momentary chill, but realized she was being silly. She turned to David and asked "You won't mind, will you honey?"

"No baby, go ahead, have fun. I'll order us some drinks, okay?" Both girls nodded and made their way to the crowded dance floor. David went to the bar, got himself a beer, a Sling for Kylie – she loved fruity drinks – and a Rum and Coke for Keylani. He got back to the table and looked around for the girls.

Busy as the dance floor was, it wasn't hard to spot them. They were the two most beautiful women in the place, he figured – and he was out with both of them. They looked hot dancing together, Kylie's blondeness a sensual contrast to Keylani's golden body, Keylani's slim sexuality a bold contradiction to Kylie's curvy cuteness.

The two beauties danced for about 3 songs and when the music changed, made their way back to the table. They shared a few drinks, chatted and got to know each other. When a slow song came on, David thought he should probably ask Kylie to dance, but she begged off.

"I'm pooped hon, I just want to sit for a few minutes and enjoy my drink. Hey Keylani, why don't you dance with my husband?"

Keylani smiled and took David's hand, leading him to the dance floor. He watched her body sway against his in time to the music and despite himself, David felt his cock stirring in his pants. Her gorgeous almond eyes, the sexy way she carried herself, the scent of her perfume – Keylani was getting to him.

She looked up at him and winked as they danced. The little minx knew she was turning him on and didn't care!

Two songs played and David and Keylani danced to both. Returning to the table, David heard Kylie say "I thought I might have to come and separate you two."

Keylani giggled and David felt a bit embarrassed, so he ordered another round of drinks. As the evening wore on, the trio were feeling no pain. The girls danced a bit more, they had some appetizers to stave off the hunger pangs and ended up staying until 2, when the club closed its doors.

Their taxi dropped them off at the hotel, and then Keylani realized she'd made a silly error. "Damn it!" she cursed. "I should have told him to wait. You can't get a cab here at this hour, now what am I going to do?"

David looked to his wife, who chimed in "We have a big couch in the suite. You can stay tonight and have breakfast with us in the morning and head back. Is that okay with you David?"

David looked to his wife. He'd been hoping to still share a bit of passion with her, but he supposed they were both far too blitzed anyway. He shrugged his shoulders and said to their new friend "We would be happy to have you stay in our suite tonight. As a thank you for your kindness."

Keylani hugged them both, they went upstairs to the suite. Kylie went and got one of her robes to give to Keylani, it didn't even reach the taller girl's knees. David changed into his pajamas in the bathroom, while Kylie got into her wedding night ensemble. Keylani gave her a sexy wolf-whistle. "You are so scrumptious" she said to Kylie. "David was going to get lucky tonight, huh?" Kylie blushed as Keylani eyed her in the light blue teddy she was wearing.

David came out of the bathroom, just wearing his PJ bottoms, it seemed to warm for the tops. He thought he saw Keylani give him the once-over, but figured he was likely imagining things. He crawled into the bed with his pretty wife and hugged her close, than said "Good night Keylani. See you in the morning." The light clicked off and he drifted off into a quick sleep.

Some time later, David began to stir. He was waking up and felt a pleasant sensation, warm and sensual. He thought perhaps Kylie had woken up and decided to be naughty on their honeymoon and play with him, so he sat up and opened his eyes.

He saw Keylani's jet-black hair in the bed, her full, soft lips wrapped around his cock, giving him a blow job. She was moving slowly, teasingly, tracing every vein of his cock with her tongue, moving ever-so-slowly and agonizingly over his manhood. "Key ...." he went to say, but she put a finger to his lips to silence him.

"Shhh, lover. We don't want to wake Kylie."

"Wake Kylie? Jesus Keylani, this is our wedding night. I've only been married to her a few hours and now another woman is giving me head? What the fuck?"

Keylani licked down to his full balls, cupping them in her hands as she did so. "Want me to stop lover? I don't think you do. I felt that big hard-on you were sporting for me earlier at the club. I think if you had half a chance, you'd fuck the hell out of me."

David's mind could barely focus. She was right, he knew it. He wanted her, despite how much he loved Kylie, Keylani's mouth was amazing. She purred in his ear "Well – should I stop?"

He knew he should stop her, he loved his wife, this was adultery, but dammit, Kylie had never given him head like this. David shook his head "No".

Keylani resumed her cocksucking, growing more urgent in her licking and sucking. She slurped at his cock, Keylani loved making cocks hard and ready. His shaft was thick and meaty and she wanted to make him cum in her mouth. She bet David had yummy cum!

It looked like she might not get the chance. She looked over and saw Kylie's beautiful aqua eyes blazing with fury, looking at them.

"Just what the FUCK do you think you're doing?" she hissed at Keylani.

Keylani kept her cool. "I'm giving your husband a blow-job baby. From the sounds he's making, I think he's enjoying it. Why don't you sit back and watch the show?"

Kylie reached out her hand to slap Keylani, but Keylani blocked her and resumed sucking on David's cock. "David!" Kylie shreaked.

From his position on the bed, David spoke weakly. "I'm sorry hun, but she's so damned good. I don't want her to stop, I really don't."

The pain of their betrayal stung Kylie, who watched with tears in her eyes as her new friend sucked her husband's cock. She'd get the marriage annulled, Kylie thought. It would kill her, she adored David, but how could she live with him now?

It was all over in a few minutes. David came, flooding the pretty Hawaiian's mouth with his thick cum. Kylie watched as Keylani swallowed every drop and then turned to her.

"Your turn baby."

Kylie's eyes widened in horror. "Oh no. You can't mean ....? I've never done it with a girl. No way!"

Keylani's face broadened with an evil grin. "David, come over here and hold your wife down. I want to suck her pussy. She's some yummy-looking, I wonder if she'll taste as good as she looks?"

Like a man in a trance, David did as he was told, pinning his wife's arms and body to the bed. Keylani got off the bed and scampered to her purse, her body totally naked. David watched his new lover return to the bed, bringing two leather straps with her. She fastened Kylie's wrists to the bedpost and moved her face down Kylie's body, the pretty blonde trying to fight her off.

"Let – me – go!" Kylie yelled, trying to fight Keylani off. Keylani's hands were tugging at her body, she removed the top of the teddy and began suckling one of Kylie's warm breasts, pulling at the nipples. She worked her magic around each bud while David watched from the sidelines, trying to halt her struggling.

Keylani's manicured nails trailed up and down Kylie's soft thighs as she licked and pleasured the blonde's hard nipples. She stroked and played with Kylie's struggling body, hearing the soft cries Kylie was making despite herself. She worked her way down to Kylie's soft pussy, pulling the teddy to the side and finding her shaved and sweet. She dipped her tongue into the glistening folds of Kylie's pussy and licked her lips "I was right, she's delicious. Kiss me David, taste your wife on my lips."

Kylie's brain raced. David wouldn't do that, he rarely went down on her. To her amazement, Keylani and her husband kissed passionately. Keylani returned to licking Kylie's wet pussy, stabbing her tongue in and out of the heated cunt, taking all she could get.

Suddenly, as quickly as it had begun, Keylani stopped and moved away. "I'm sorry!" she said to Kylie and David. "I shouldn't have done this."

David looked puzzled and Kylie said "What?"

"I shouldn't have taken such liberties, but I was so attracted to you both and --"

Kylie looked up at the beautiful woman in her bed and over at her husband. 

"I'll be going now, I'll get another room and -- "

"No." David and Keylani looked over at Kylie, still tied to the bed.

"I don't understand Kylie." Keylani said.

"It was crazy, but I LOVED what you were doing to me Keylani. Watching you with David was so sexy. I shouldn't be feeling this way, but fucking god, I'm so horny. I want you to keep doing those things to me, I want you to fuck my husband, I want ..."

Keylani pressed her mouth to Kylie's full red lips, cutting her off. She looked down at Kylie and asked "Are you sure this is what you want?"

Kylie's eyes were blazing now, but this time, full of passion and desire. "Very much. Make love to me, Keylani darling. Eat my cunt."

The wanton transformation in his new wife astonished David, but he wasn't about to stop either woman. He watched their lips seek each other's and mingle. "You have beautiful lips, Keylani" Kylie said softly.

"So do you angel. I should let you go, okay?"

Keylani removed the leather straps and Kylie rubbed her wrists for a few moments, then rose up and attached her lips to one of Keylani's dark nipples. She sucked slowly, languidly on one, them moved over to the other. Her first taste of another woman's body, but Kylie knew from that moment, it would not be her last. Her hands roamed through Keylani's long, silky hair as she worked over her body, Keylani's eyes full of desire.
