 Jax and Gaylen, Gayle to her family and close friends, sat discussing a bet they had just made. "I doubt your charms will convince her.." Gayle was saying, "she doesn't seem to like me all that much." Jax smiled patiently at his lovely wife and thought about what she was saying for a moment. "Bet's still on." he finally told her and laughed at the look she gave him. 

Gayle shrugged her naked shoulders and lay back against her pillows. Both were in their mid-thirties and a very attractive couple. Gayle was small and blonde, sexy in attitude as well as appearance. She studied her fingernails for a moment then said, "Whatever....your going to lose, that woman is as cold as ice and I doubt she will ever agree to doing a threesome with us."

They had made a bet which involved a woman who worked in the same company with Jax. Gina Walters was her name, Gayle considered her to be one of the frostiest females she'd ever been introduced to. Jax and Gayle were open when it came to sexual adventures. Both were willing to explore any and all sexual possibilities. This helped keep their marriage exciting and interesting without the worry of one of them wandering off with someone else and leaving the other behind. 

Gayle thought Gina was very, very sexy, despite her coldness, who knew, maybe that cold attitude of hers was a cover. Gayle licked her lips as she pictured Gina in her mind. Long legs, nice breasts, probably a 38C size melons, slender waist and a ass to die for...Her auburn hair was cut short, allowing her beautiful facial features to be seen clearly, as well as showing her lovely neck, which Gayle wanted to bite and nibble on. She skin was flawless with a light tan. Gayle wondered if she had an even tan all over and felt her pussy grow damp.

"You know Jax, I hope you win the bet, I would really love to fuck that woman, at least once." she told her husband while her hand wandered under the blanket to touch her, now wet, pussy.

Beneith the blanket, Gayle gently stroked her pussy, her fingers parting the soft lips to find the little nub hidden there to rub it absently. "So what's your plan? Are you going to just walk up and say 'Excuse me, my wife and I would love to fuck you one evening." she asked her husband, a wicked gleam in her eyes. She didn't bother waiting for his answer, just continued her one-sided dialog while playing with herself under the blanket. "Or how about, 'Darling, my bi-sexual wife and I would like to invite you over for dinner...of course you will be dinner!" she laughed at her joke, then added, "You could approach her with, 'Gina, we're having a small party and would love for you to cum...it's an informal affair, wear nothing.'" Now Gayle was really getting silly and laughed at her own wit.

"Seriously now, what ARE you going to say to that woman that's not going to send her running in terror?" she questioned. Jax just smiled at his pretty wife, letting her wonder what his plan was.

Gayle's story of events...

"I teased Jax about his asking Gina to join us in a threesome, actually, I never expected him to follow through with it since she was so stand-off-ish...but he did do it in the end." Gayle said, then continued explaining the events that took place.

Thinking back on things, Gayle smiled like the cat that caught the canary. "I wasn't with him when he approached the 'Ice Maiden,' Gina...but I wish I could have seen her expression when he did, no doubt it was a classic!"

"Needless to say, Jax was one up on winning the bet. Gina didn't agree to a threesome, but she didn't decline either. She told him straight out, 'I'll consider the offer and get back with you on it,' like it was a business discussion!." When Jax relayed this response to Gayle, she was astonished that he had even gotten that far! "Jax could have knocked me over with a feather!" Gayle said, her amazement obvious in the tone of her voice and the widening of her big green eyes. "She said what?" was the first words out of Gayle's mouth at the news.

Jax repeated what Gina had told him, enjoying the surprise on Gayle's face. They were in the living room of their house, Gayle was sitting on the floor, her back against a chair, legs pulled up to her chest. Jax sat on the couch facing her. He was enjoying her reaction to the news of what Gina had told him that afternoon. Gayle shook her head, then grinned widly at her handsome husband. "I still think she'll turn it down, she just doesn't seem all that outgoing to me. Besides, like I said before, I don't think she likes me much." 

Gayle had met Gina at a Christmas party given by the company Jax worked for..She knew most of his co-workers and liked most of them well enough. At this party, her attention and been focused on a woman she'd never seen before. Jax introduced Gayle to Gina Walters, the mystery female she had been studying. Gina was beautiful. She wore a red, holiday dress that clung to her curves like it was painted on. Her lips glistened with the same shade of red as her dress and looked very kissable to Gayle. The very thought of kissing her made Gayle's pussy react with dampness.

"A few weeks after Jax had asked Gina about doing a threesome with us, I happened to run into her at the office. I had gone to have lunch with my husband and bumped into her outside his office. No one else was anywhere around at the time." Gayle said, returning to the events in order of their happening.

Gayle was standing outside of Jax's office, just about to open the door when she felt a hand on her arm. She turned and found Gina standing very close to her. "Hello Gayle, how are you?" Gina asked in her low, husky voice. Gayle felt a thill of desire course through her body, her voice was a little shaky when she answered, "I'm fine'n dandy thanks, and yourself?" Gina squeezed Gayle's arm a little, looking deep into her green eyes. Without bothering to answer Gayle's question, she said instead, "Your husband spoke to me recently about us..getting together. I think your very desireable Gayle... tell him I said 'yes.'" She smiled seductivly at Gayle, then turned and vanished down the hallway.

Gayle burst into Jax's office in her excitement, startling the secretary. "After Jax calmed me down, we went to lunch and talked about Gina. I was so horny the rest of the day. I could barely wait for Jax to come home that night. When he finally got home, (giggle) I fucked his brains out!" Gayle exclaimed. "He couldn't believe how wild I was in bed...not that we don't always have great sex, we do, I was just so worked up over Gina's words to me that day."

Gayle looked thoughtful for a moment then continued with her story. "When he arrived home, I met him at the door wearing a very sexy, little number, garters and spiked heels. Jax loves it when I dress sexy for him. I kissed him deeply, then led him to our bedroom, where I had candles and incense burning. Music was playing low, the whole atmosphere screamed, "LET'S FUCK!" which of course we did." she laughed. 

"I told Jax how much I looked forward to the threesome and ask when it would happen. He told me he didn't know since Gina hadn't gotten back to him on it yet. I was going nuts with lust over the whole idea of fucking the Ice Maiden...of course just thinking about her kept my snatch wet!" Gayle laughed.

"Anyway, after we got into the bedroom, I started undressing Jax slowly, trying to be as seductive as possible with it. When he was naked, I had him get comfortable on the bed so I could dance for him. Jax finds it very arousing when I do that for him and I love doing it." she continued her story, sounding more excited as she went on.

"The music filled my mind as I closed my eyes and swayed with it, running my hands up and down my body. I moved my hands slowly over my breasts then down my belly and finally to my pussy. I lingered there, rubbing it and thrusting my pelvic in time to the heavy drum beat in the background." Gayle said, describing everything perfectly.

Her eyes were half-closed as she remembered the dance, "I started grinding my hips against an invisable lover that danced with me. Running my hands up and down my body, squeezing my tits together and holding them as if to offer for him to fuck. Under my eyelashes, I could see Jax watching me and jerking his cock with one hand. He was very hard by then."

With her eyes closed, Gayle could see herself as she performed the lusty dance and could almost hear the ghostly remains of the sensual music that played. She knew her pussy was getting very wet from the memory.

After a few minutes she continued her story again, "I moved closer to the bed where Jax lay, when I got to the edge of it, I slipped the teddy off, letting it pool at my feet like a puddle of silken water. Now I was wearing only the garters, nylons and heels. I stood there, swaying seductivly just within reach." Gayle told this with her eyes closed, still picturing the whole thing as it happened. Her breathing had excelerated as had her pulse. Her body reacted to the re-telling as if it were happening there and then. Without a doubt, Gayle's pussy had become very damp with desire while she spoke.

"I let Jax draw me down to him on the bed. We started to kiss. Deep passionate kisses that I felt all the way to my toes!" she said in a breathless voice. "Mmmmmmmmmmmm.. Pax is a great kisser. I felt his hands roaming over my body, touching me in all the right ways, as only he can..my hand went to his cock, which was soooooo hard with his excitement. I gently pushed him away.." she murmured softly.

"..so I could move down the bed and pleasure him with my mouth." she added with a grin, then continued, "I started at the tip of his cock and licked to the base. Long, slow licks. I heard Jax moan when I sucked on his balls then moved back up his shaft. When I reached the top again, I took his cock between my lips and sucked it into my mouth. He groaned louder when it touched the back of my throat." Gayle smiled, thinking of Jax's pleasure.

"I love to deepthroat him, it really gives him so much pleasure, I can't help but love doing it!" Gayle spoke, smiling again. "Jax was really close to having an orgasm and I wanted him to cum in my mouth for the first one that night." she stated, then said, "and he came like a freight train down the track!" "I sucked until he finished cumming, then licked him clean." 

With a faraway look in her eyes, Gayle told more of the story. "After Jax had come, he pulled me up to him and gave me a deep kiss. Then he started kissing my throat. Jax knows that kissing my throat is real turn-on to me, so he starts there and works his way south. (giggle) I was wiggling and squirming beneith him, begging him to fuck me." she said as she wiggled in her seat, remembering her desire.

"I refused to allow him to lick my pussy that night, I needed a cock and I needed it bad. I was so ready that it was making me crazy!" she said softly, still squirming around a little.

"When he finally penetrated my pussy, I went nuts! I kept begging him to fuck me harder, give me more, and he did." she grinned happily. "We fucked for what seemed like half the night. The next day he got the word from Gina, that she was agreeable to the invitation and ready whenever we wanted!"

After getting herself a drink, Gayle sat back in her chair and began telling the rest of the story. "A few days later, Jax told me it was on for the weekend. Well, actually it was on for Saturday night. I was thrilled and very excited about it and so was Jax, of course."

Gayle sipped her drink, thinking of the events as they had unfolded. Finally she spoke, "I was burning up with a sexual fever the rest of the week. On Saturday I couldn't sit still for very long. I was a live wire all afternoon, cleaning the house and putting special attention on the spare bedroon in case Gina wanted to spend the entire night and wanted some privacy at some point or whatever."

"When Jax arrived home at around five I was pretty together. I'd had a glass of wine and a long soak in the tub to relax me. He was very pleased with the long, hostess dress I had decided to wear. It sort of wraps around me, leaving my shoulders bare and is very sexy. I had fixed a few small sandwiches and mixed a container of drinks. The house looked inviting with the lights down low, a fire burning and good music playing just loud enough to enjoy."

Gayle had several tapes sitting by the VCR in their bedroom which also had a jacuzzi in one corner. She had lain out big, soft towels and thought it might be the best way to get things happening and be more comfortable for Gina if they went into the tub. The video tapes were porn, very erotic and tastefully chosen. All were about threesomes. 

"The doorbell rang at seven thirty and I went to answer it. When I opened it I couldn't believe my eyes. Gina stood there like a vision. She was dressed all in white silk with off-black stockings. She looked hot as she smiled at me and I remarked on how wonderful she looked. To my amazement she replied, 'Good enough to eat sugar?' and walked past me into the livingroom." Gayle said, an amazed look on her face.

"Gina greeted Jax with a warm kiss and when she took off her jacket, I could clearly see her nipples through the sheer material of her white blouse. I felt so turned on by this I could barely speak so I quickly fixed us all a drink." Gayle said, speakng of the arrival of their guest. "After we chatted for a few minutes, Gina asked me to show her the house. Of course I jumped up to do so. We talked about my interior decorating as we went from room to room. When we got to our bedroom, Gina remarked on the jacuzzi, asking if we could use it. She said she loved them and hadn't been in one for quite some time." Gayle murmured, her voice low as she thought back on how it had gone.

"Of course I said 'would you like a suit?' and she answered, 'its not necessary' and started unbuttoning her blouse! I quickly untied the belt of my dress and let it drop, I wasn't wearing anything underneith it. Gina's eyes looked at me in approval as she unzipped her skirt and tossed it over a chair." Gayle caught her breath as she gazed at the other woman's perfect body, now wearing only a white, lacy garter and nylons with her white, four inch heels. She bent at the waist to unhook her stockings, letting her breasts swing forward.

Gina had large breasts, they were topped off with large dark nipples. Her waist was small and tapered down to narrow hips, a beautiful ass that demanded attention. Her pussy was shaved except for a very thin strip of pubic hair just above the puffy lips. Gayle pulled her eyes away and stepped down into the bubbling tub of water.

"She knew exactly what she was doing to me," Gayle said softly, a smile playing at the corner of her lips. "I was so excited as she started to remove her stockings, I couldn't talk right then. Jax came into the bedroom and walked straight up behind Gina. He was looking at me with a little smile on his face and a lot of lust in his pants! I could tell by the huge bulge in them." (giggle)

"I watched as Jax slipped his arms around Gina from behind and started kissing the back of her neck. She moaned loud enough for me to hear her quite clearly, then I saw her grind her ass back against his erection. They pulled away from each other and she removed her shoes, stockings and garter. When she was completely naked, she came over to the side of the jacuzzi, bent down and kissed my mouth. I felt her tongue touch my lips so I parted them to allow a deeper kiss." Gayle spoke very quietly, her mind reliving the kiss.

"After the kiss, and it was sooooooo erotic! she stepped into the tub with me and immediately moved up close and started fondling my breasts. She stroked them, cupped them in her hands, then leaned forward to suck on my nipples. It was heavenly! I reached out to touch her satin skin, moving my hand slowly downwards, to her pussy, just under the water." Gayle said, her voice wistful sounding now.

Closing her eyes so she could 'see' the action again, Gayle continued her story, "I wanted to taste her pussy but touching was good enough for the moment. Gina sat down on one of the seats and pulled me to her. She was very aggressive, more demanding then I had figured she'd be!" Gayle laughed at this..

"I thought the Ice Maiden would take awhile to 'defrost,' boy...was I ever wrong! SHE was obviously planning to fuck me before I could fuck her or something like that..(giggle) which was perfectly fine with me. Jax had gotten drinks for us and when he brought them back, he joined us in the jacuzzi. Gina stopped sucking on my tits and took her drink after welcoming Jax in the tub with a french kiss. I moved around so I could touch his cock, which, by the way, was very stiff."

"Drinks were finished or forgotten quickly. We chatted, stroked each other, sucked, licked, talked a little, kissed, and groped until Jax got out of the tub and put a video on. He got comfortable on the bed and moved his eyes from us to the action on the televison screen, playing with his dick the whole time." she said, then stopped to sip her cold drink before going go.

"Gina climbed out of the tub next, taking my hand and pulling me out too. We moved to the bed where Jax was, she took a towel and started drying me off. I've never had anyone do it the way Gina dried my body. Wow! It was so thrilling I thought my legs would give out! She patted and licked the water drops off of me, stopping between my legs to suck my clit." Gayle's eyes were closed and one hand moved between her legs, seeking what Gina had licked so well.

"Mmmmmmmm...damn she can sure lick pussy..."she breathed. "I almost came the minute her lips pressed into my snatch, I was so excited by then, but she stopped before I did, and pushed me down onto the bed. Climbing in between Jax and I, Gina took his cock in her hand and started jerking him off. She pushed me down between her legs, and I went willingly."

Gayle's hand had found it's way up her skirt and was busy rubbing her little nub. Pussy juice coated her fingers as she became more and more excited by the story she told. Her legs parted to allow her hand better access. Gayle's eyes were closed as she spoke, "I moved between her thighs and used my fingers to part her pussy lips, then my tongue went to work on that beautiful cunt!"

Now she was squirming in her seat again, her fingers pushing into her wetness. "Ooooooh yeah, she was incredible. I couldn't get enough, she tasted so delicious in my mouth. I glanced up at her face but couldn't see it, she and Jax were pretty busy kissing. Then he got on his knees so she could suck his cock." Gayle sighed deeply, the returned to her tale, "It was incredible watching Gina suck Jax's cock. Maybe just because it was another woman, but I don't think so. It was because it was GINA, the Ice Maiden, she was thawing out fast, or so it seemed. She would lick from the base of his dick to the tip, then swallow the WHOLE thing like it was a popcicle, her favorite flavor too. (giggle). I mean...she engulfed his meat with her red lips around it and sucked it down fast!"

"I was eating her pussy like it was to be my last meal on Earth. I felt her shudder with an orgasm and my face was instantly covered in wetness. Gina is delicious! While I ate her and she sucked Jax, he had managed to get me turned so he could finger my pussy, which was dripping by then." Gayle said with a big grin.

"After she came on my face, she really went to town on his cock! I could hear her sucking him off, which turned me on big time." Gayle said. "He was groaning after a little while and I saw him go stiff for a second and I knew he was going to shoot his load in her mouth. She knew it too and doubled her efforts!"

Gayle smiled again then went on with the telling, "She started swallowing as he shot his cum into her hot mouth. She swallowed a lot of it but some started leaking from her mouth and ran down her chin. I saw it drip on her tits so I moved up and licked it off." 
