 Jean-Claude Rouland, known as JC by his close friends, put down the phone after talking with his dealer in Paris. Odile had been doing a great job since he signed with her last year and just told him of a special commission she just accepted for him from a very wealthy collector who already purchased 2 large paintings of his and now wants him to work on a wall mural for his playroom. She said that it will be important because his circle of friends is vast and all are extremely wealthy and it should result in a number of painting commissions once they see his work in Boulan’s home. She told him that she will be flying down to Nice about 4 pm tomorrow as she has the specifications as to size, content, etc. and must discuss it with him immediately as the client wants it completed soon and she knows how interested JC will be when she gives him all the particulars. 

She gave him the flight number and time and he told her he’d pick her up. After hanging up the phone, thoughts of Odile arriving tomorrow afternoon sent a slight rush through him. She was a terrific art dealer and also a fantastic sex partner. He had met her about a year ago in Paris at a private sex party and they hit it off beautifully, not only sexually, but in all aspects. They didn’t find out about each other’s backgrounds and professions until after their second orgasm and had a laugh about their new artist-dealer relationship. The next day he went to her gallery and was impressed with her tasteful décor and the artists she was representing. She knew about his work and wanted to represent him very much. She showed him her rolodex and he was impressed with the famous names he saw there. He had been interested in a dealer for months now, since his original dealer passed away in an accident. 

They closed the deal in a very short time, signed the papers and Odile asked if he had a few minutes to spare as she would like him to have a drink with her to celebrate their new partnership. 

He followed her to the back of the gallery where she said something to a young lady sitting at a desk and then motioned him to follow her. He figured they were going to her office and when she opened the door he saw it was a gorgeous sunny apartment. She poured them some scotch and, as she handed him the glass, she brushed her beautiful, full breast against his arm. He put down his glass and then hers and held her as they melted into each other’s arms and soul kissed. They were both running their hands over each other’s bodies as they embraced and then, as if by signal, they both started to tear off their clothes until they stood nude before each other. Now this was a fabulous sight because JC was a good looking guy about 6’4” with the sculpted body of an athlete and had a gorgeous, thick organ about 8” long with an irresistible, smooth, sloping head with a deep ridge around it. 

Odile was considered an amazon in some circles since she was 5’11” in her stocking feet and was built beautifully with large full breasts, big nipples and great hips, ass and legs. Next to him, she felt small which made her feel good. Anyway, the two of them were quite a sexy sight as they moved to the couch and mutually assumed a 69 position. He well remembered from the previous night how delicious she tasted and how her aroma was like an aphrodisiac to him as he worshipped her pussy so he pressed his lips to her swollen labia and breathed in deep and, sure enough, he was getting lightheaded as if he had just inhaled a popper. He buried his face in her cunt, as she sucked feverishly on the crown of his organ, and the two of them took each other on a wonderful trip during which, Odile shuddered and shook as she wet his face with her juices and he backed off a bit until she recuperated and showed him she wanted more. 

He went back to sucking her and then felt her mouth come off his penis as she asked if he would like to fuck her and fill her up with hot cum as she needed his cock inside her.

He pulled his face from her crotch with some regret but when he thought of putting his meat inside her hot pussy, his organ jerked in anticipation. He turned around and looked at the gorgeous woman waiting for him with open arms as he moved over her and she reached under and grasped his thick penis and guided it to her wet vaginal opening. His crown disappeared inside and then he started feeding her more and more as he moved in and out of her warm, wet passage and they soul kissed. Occasionally, he would move his head down and capture one of her gorgeous erect nipples in his mouth and nibble on it as he fucked her. They enjoyed looking into each other’s eyes as they fucked since they saw the reflection of their own pleasures mirrored there. He loved it when he thrust his penis deep inside her and watched her eyes dilate as he moved it very slightly or saw her eyes glaze over when he probed a particular spot in her pussy. 

She was a very talented girl who used every one of her god-given talents on him when they made love. Her cunt was milking his organ as he moved it back and forth and he knew it wouldn’t be long now. Sure enough, as she grabbed his ass and pulled him to her, his cock exploded and shot jets of cum inside her hungry pussy. She went into orgasm as soon as she felt his cum splash against her cervix and the two of them went to heaven together. They stayed locked together with his penis still inside her for quite some time after their orgasms had passed until, Odile said that she had an appointment in about 30 minutes and had to get ready now. They dressed and she told him she was really looking forward to a wonderful partnership with him in more ways than one and they said their goodbyes since he was taking a mid afternoon flight back to Nice. 

They had gotten together a number of times in Paris and Nice since that first meeting and each time was better than the last and both of them looked forward to having sex with one another whenever the opportunity arose. .

Now, he was on his way to pick her up at the airport and his organ was already stirring in anticipation. She always stayed with him when she came to Nice as he did in Paris with her. He had no idea what this commission was all about but she sounded excited so it must be interesting. He pulled up to the baggage claim area and there she was, standing on the sidewalk waiting for him. She looked absolutely gorgeous as usual and when he saw the curve of her fabulous ass, his cock jerked in his shorts and started to get hard. He jumped out, gave her a big hug and kiss and put her bag in the trunk as she settled herself in the front seat. On the way to his place, she told him all about the commission. The collector was Pierre Boulan, the industrial designer, and he has been a fan of JC’s work for a few years now. He owns two large paintings of his and now wants him to work on this special project for him.

Odile told him that Boulan was one of the organizers of a very private sex society that had members all over France, mostly among the very wealthy. They had periodic parties at various member’s homes throughout the year and she had met him at a party at his place about a month ago. He wanted JC to do a large erotic wall mural in his private playroom illustrating the activities and individuals in his group but he wanted it to be done in the style of the old masters. The wall was 25’ high by 50’ wide and he would be staying at the house until it was completed which, he estimated would probably take a few weeks at the least. The best part was that he would pay JC a half million in American dollars for the work. When JC heard the fee, he suggested to her that they turn right around and head for Paris now. 

She smiled and told him that Boulan was working on a list of the people he wanted in the mural and each one would be available to him whenever he needed them to pose. By the time she returns to Paris tomorrow, he would have the list ready and they would call him to arrange his arrival. Odile told him that he was going to really enjoy this commission as Boulan’s house and household were sexually active all the time and he would probably have all the sex he could handle until the work was finished. She also told him, with a sly smile, that she was going to be coming over to Boulan’s frequently to see how the work was going and to make sure he was in the right mood to paint and he grinned and told her he wouldn’t have it any other way. 

About five years earlier, JC decided to paint nudes exclusively and stopped painting landscapes, seascapes and still lifes. His income was mostly coming from nude commissions of wives or lovers be they male or female and he loved painting them so he decided to do the kind of work he loves most. He was always very sexually oriented and found that he was happiest working when he painted nudes. Invariably, he would wind up having sex with his models, whether they were professional or amateur models or a wealthy patron who wanted a beautiful, impressionist nude painting of themselves whether they be male or female. 

Odile knew that he did his best work when very horny and knew that he had a few young student artists interning at his studio, whose main job was to keep him horny when he was working on a painting. Sometimes it would be a guy but mostly, it was girls. So she promised to help him do his best work thus far on the Boulan mural by coming over often to inspire him. Actually, he loved to paint soon after his first orgasm because he stayed high and horny for a long time before he was ready to cum again and loved being sucked and played with while he painted. He felt that he could “get into the painting” more thoroughly if he was horny. He wondered aloud whether he should bring one of his interns to Paris and Odile told him it wouldn’t be necessary as Boulan could provide someone for him and she would be there a lot also, as she flashed a beautiful, innocent smile in his direction. 

JC lived in the hills above Nice and the whole city plus the beautiful blue Mediterranean was spread out before them as he pulled into his driveway. He got her bag from the trunk and unlocked the front door and showed her in. He had always, since he was about 7 years old, loved Western movies and loved the old west look so he had his decorator furnish the entire ground floor in a western theme which turned out to be a very comfortable and relaxing décor. He had an original Springfield rifle from 1865 mounted on a wall plus some American Indian artifacts and big, very comfortable furniture. As soon as he closed the door, Odile walked up to him and cupped his balls in her hand as she told him in no uncertain terms that she wanted every drop of juice they contained from now until her plane left in the morning. 

He feigned horror and told her he would do anything to escape that fate and when she said, “anything?” , he gave in and told her he would accept her original offer, with a look of chagrin on his face as his eyes smiled at her. They started stripping on their way to the back bedroom and by the time they got to the bed they were both nude. She told him to lay down on his back and relax since she had some very important business to take care of which really couldn’t wait. As she kneeled between his thighs and cupped his full, tight balls in her hands, she looked into his eyes and told him that this was all she could think about all the way from Paris and now she was going to enjoy herself. She leaned forward and held his thick, hard organ in her hand as she pulled it back and licked his bulging balls before sucking each one in her mouth. 

After warming his balls this way for a while, she licked her way up to his beautiful penis and licked the shaft from the base up to the head. When she reached his crown she flicked out her tongue to catch a drop of precum and then took his entire head in her mouth as she lovingly nursed on his cock and played with his balls and anus. JC was totally lost in the pleasures and sensations she was giving him and he told her that, at that moment, he would give anything to have this feeling last forever. He gave himself up to her totally and her mouth owned him totally.

She started to take him deeper in her mouth and raise and lower her head on his thick, throbbing shaft as she grasped his penis at the base and began to stroke him as she sucked him. He started to moan uncontrollably as he felt his orgasm approach and then his cock began spurting his hot cum in jet after jet which she hungrily swallowed. 

He felt as though she was turning him inside out with her mouth as she drew deeply on his thick shaft to get out every drop each time he fed her another load. When he came back down to earth after some time, she was still sucking his semi erect organ and had no intention of giving it up as yet. 

She kept sucking his penis for quite some time before it started to get hard again and she was rewarded by his thickening organ. She sucked him until he was throbbing hard and then took her mouth from his penis and kneeled over him as she held his erection in her hand and placed the tip at her wet vaginal opening and lowered herself onto the beautiful organ. He was wet with precum and she was soaking wet from sucking him so his cock slid in easily and she sat all the way down with his thickness filling her vagina completely and the tip of his crown brushing against her cervix whenever she moved her hips forward slightly. 

She started an absolutely beautiful horseback riding motion that massaged his cock as it drove her wild having his thick organ moving inside her. Suddenly, she sank down on his organ and moaned as her body shook in spasms and she wet his shaft with her juices as she came. She only rested for a moment before starting a slow gallop motion that got his attention immediately. She must have been a hell of a horsewoman to have a motion like that and he reached up and tweaked her erect nipples as she rode his penis and the two of them went off to Nirvana together. She kept fucking him although she changed the speed of the motion on occasion and sometimes held his cock deep inside her as she milked his shaft with her pussy. 

It was while she was milking him that his penis suddenly swelled and started shooting jets of jism into her waiting cunt. She kept milking him and he kept feeding her more cum until finally his spasms ended and he collapsed back on the bed. She rolled off him and lay down alongside him as they both slowly recovered. 

After showering and getting some cold drinks, JC suggested that they go out for an early dinner and then come back and fuck until her plane leaves in the morning. She thought it was an excellent idea and asked if he would take her to Pietro for dinner tonight as she loved the food there as much as he did. He picked up the phone and made a reservation for seven pm and they got dressed and drove down the mountain to town arriving just in time. Anthony greeted them as they entered and showed them to their table. They ordered some wine and he looked at the beautiful woman sitting opposite him who was his dealer as well as his lover and he thought about how they met and smiled at the irony of it all. After all, how many artists have met their dealers the way he did. 

She was just wearing jeans and a blouse but she looked fabulous and he felt like making love to her right there. Just brush aside all the dishes and utensils and throw her down on the table and thrust his stiff organ inside her and go away to never-never land with her. Fortunately, reason prevailed and he just sat there admiring her not realizing that she had been thinking the same about him and wanted him as much as he wanted her. They were looking at the menus when a tall, good looking man came up to the table and called to JC who looked up with a surprised look on his face as he saw Pierre Alou standing there. Pierre had posed for him once and they had good sex but, for one reason or another, hadn’t gotten together since. After greeting him warmly, he introduced him to Odile and asked if he was with anyone at the restaurant. 

Pierre told them that he was alone tonight and was just sitting down to have dinner when he spotted him across the room. JC asked Odile if it was ok that he join us and she quickly agreed. The waiter brought another setting and Pierre sat down and joined them. They placed their orders and JC started telling Odile how he met Pierre. Pierre listened with interest as JC gave her every detail of their encounter including how impressed JC was with the size of Pierre’s penis, even when soft, as he worked on the portrait. He told her that when he was finished painting for the day, he would walk right over to Pierre and get down on his knees and orally worship his gorgeous penis. They spent the night together and that was that. Odile asked him if he was strictly gay or bi and he told her that he loves pussy as much as cock so she asked JC if Pierre could join them tonight and he fully agreed. 

Pierre smiled and mentioned how fortunate he was in deciding to come to Pietro for dinner tonight. They enjoyed the fabulous Italian cuisine and throughout coffee were teasing each other about what they were going to do to each other later. JC and Pierre were both hard and couldn’t possibly stand up to leave so they ordered more coffee and started to talk about everything, except sex, and by the time they finished their coffee, they were able to pay the bill and leave. 

Pierre followed them in his car and pulled into JC’s driveway right behind them. When they got inside, JC and Odile started peeling their clothing off so he joined them and soon all three were naked and facing each other. Odile’s eyes were fixed on Pierre’s enormous organ which was slowly hardening under her gaze. It was very thick and had to be at least 9” long with a sloped crown and deep ridge around it. JC remembered it well and told Odile to check it out first since he had already had it. She walked up to Pierre, who was a few inches taller than she, and grasped his thickening shaft in her hand as she looked into his eyes and told him that she was going to see if he tasted as good as he looked. 

She had him sit down on the couch and got comfortable between his legs and began by licking and sucking his big, tight ball sac. As she worked her magic on his cock, JC stood next to him and fed him his erection to suck. He started to moan as Odile sucked deeply on his penis and he hungrily sucked JC’s beautiful cock. JC was slowly face fucking him and watching as Odile enjoyed herself as she sucked firmly on the crown of his massive organ and played with his balls. They were at this for some time when Pierre cried out that he was going to cum and then went back to voraciously sucking JC’s throbbing organ while his penis gushed cum into Odile’s waiting mouth. She had her lips around the crown and swallowed each load as it shot out of his cock slit and then squeezed his shaft from the base up to get the last drops. 

He was giving JC a world of pleasure as he sucked deeply on his penis and played with his balls and it wasn’t long before JC felt his orgasm approaching and held Pierre’s head in his hands as he fucked his mouth and pumped his cum in spurt after spurt into his hungry mouth. They slowly parted as they returned from their journey into space and sat down side by side on the couch. JC brought some drinks and they refreshed themselves before going back into action. 

When Odile asked Pierre what he did for a living, he told her that he represented a major winery and sold wine all over the French and Italian Rivieras. Pietro was a client of his also. She offhandedly mentioned that he should have his winery bottle his precum since she found it so delicious and just knew that everyone else would think so also. She asked JC if he liked the flavor of Pierre’s precum and he nodded his approval and started thinking of a name for the product, the size of the bottle and the price. Odile wondered whether the two of them would be enough to keep the flow of precum moving all day. They figured that at $100 a gram, they could be millionaires if they could keep the flow going. Pierre worried about whether he could keep manufacturing precum indefinitely since their plans were long range and involved multi-millions. 
