 I was still lying comfortably in my bed when I heard my neighbour and his friend taking down the fence the next morning. A look at my watch told me that it was barely 8.15am. So, they'd indeed made an early start.

I turned around and thought of the previous night. I felt my face flush just remembering that I'd asked my neighbour -- asked! -- to fuck me. Had I really been that desperate? That's not like me at all, I really preferred the guy to make the first, preferably more subtle move.

I felt a big, silly grin on my face thinking it had been well...very nice...

I did wonder whether this ever happened to other people, people like me, your regular grey mice, with a barely existing sex life who suddenly gave into this almost desperate need for sex. I just couldn't imagine people doing what I'd done.

I lay on my back and pushed the sheet and thin blanket down till below my breasts and with one hand under my head, I let my other hand slide down my body to caress my breasts.

The memory of last night's events and the cool morning breeze through the open windows had made my nipples stand erect. My thumb trailed over them. 

I pretended that it was my neighbour's hand sliding down my body. He'd been so horny last night, perhaps even a little dominant, which had been very arousing. Strangely enough it felt like there was a bond between us that did not necessarily consist out of lust alone.

I squeezed my thighs tightly together and my other hand slowly moved to my breasts as well and I started stroking them, while I heard the guys talking to each other outside. It was the carefree bantering of two good mates. 

My right hand slid further down through my hairy pussy towards the nice warm and wet spot between my legs. I rubbed my clit, while my other hand kept fondling my breasts.

I heard my neighbour call after Tom that he shouldn't forget to take the other drill out of his car. Just the sound of his voice brought me closer to the edge. I started to rub faster and my left hand went to my pussy as well. 

I wondered whether he'd thought about last night and what was he thinking about me now?

Would we still even dare to look at each other? I heard him laugh at something Tom said and I pushed a finger inside. I started to moan and couldn't lie still. I felt my orgasm build. I arched my back and pushed another finger inside. With two fingers buried deeply inside and a clit that got rubbed fast and hard I climaxed.

"Oh gosh," I groaned, "This is sooo good!"

My pussy muscles contracted around my fingers and I could feel the milking sensation. I lay there a little while longer feeling content and with a smile and the first sun beams on my face.

I got up at a quarter to nine. A great time for a Saturday morning. I walked over to the window where a lace curtain protected me from curious looks. I looked outside and saw Tom busily digging. Zack, my neighbour, stood close by commenting on things and I started to laugh softly. Apparently he'd allocated tasks quite nicely. 

As if he knew that I was standing there, he suddenly looked up. I automatically stepped back and hid behind the thick curtains, carefully peeking around them though I knew they couldn't see me. I could see and hear that he said something to Tom. He glanced up once more, before pitching in again. My heart pounded loudly. All the feelings that I'd had last night, resurfaced. 

I took a shower and got dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Admittedly, not the sexiest outfit, but safe. I started to feel nervous, because what were we going to say to each other? And more importantly: had Zack told Tom what had happened last night?

I went downstairs. I enjoyed my little house. The kitchen/dine area was rather spacious. The lounge on the other hand rather small, but I was very content with it. There's a small garden in front with some bushes. At the back there's a lawn and flower patches and that morning there were two guys digging out a third fence pole. The old fence was not in the best of shapes and some of the poles were actually rotting. We'd decided to simply replace the whole thing and share the costs. 

I had breakfast at the kitchen table which allowed me to keep an eye at the scene outside, meanwhile trying to convince myself that everything would be alright. I'd keep it cool and pretend like last night had never happened. Sounded like a plan to me. I got my empty plate and cup and put them on the kitchen counter. While doing so I had turned my back to the windows and therefore also to the outside door. I started when it opened and when I turned around my neighbour stood on the threshold. 

"Morning," he said and there was a smile on his face and that was the end of all my good intentions of keeping it cool. I felt my face flush.

"Morning," I greeted in return and I intended to turn around, pretending like nothing was going on, but I stood as if rooted to the floor. I really tried not to stare at him. He was wearing sturdy, mud covered shoes and an old pair of jeans covered in grass and mud stains. His t-shirt didn't look much cleaner and that made it look even better on him. His arms were tanned and muscled. Definitely the outdoor type. He stared at his shoes and back at me.

"May I...?" he asked.

I just stood there staring at him and eventually he took that as a 'yes'.

He entered the kitchen, but kept his distance.

"Slept well?"

I felt my cheeks burn, but nodded. He grinned and said: "I slept well too, but, well, you know, it took some time, so to speak."

I nodded again, my cheeks were still burning and I felt my body respond. He came closer and I felt his hand under my chin and he pushed gently until our eyes met.

"Regrets?"

Gosh, regrets? Did I have any? I suddenly started to smile. Hadn't it been wonderful?!

"Nah," my face seemed to cool down, "No, no regrets, but uhm, I'd rather that I'd known you a bit better..."

He laughed softly and I saw the relief in his eyes. 

"You? Regrets?"

He shook his head. "Not a second."

"But?"

"But I thought you might have." His hands touched my bare arms and he kissed me. 

"Tom, did you..."

He laughed again. "He wouldn't have believed me. I told him that a neighbour needed a hand and now I'm sure he thinks I helped an 80-year-old lady change a light bulb."

My hands rested on his chest, but I moved them to his shoulders and then to his neck.

"Where's he now?"

"Getting some things out off his car."

"Shouldn't you be giving him a hand?"

"Mmm, yeah, probably," he pushed himself against me and I felt his hand in my neck, pulling my face close to his own.

"Remember?" he murmured as he started to kiss my neck.

"W-what?" my heart skipped a beat and I clung to him.

"Hallway, kitchen, bedroom," I felt his tong at the hollow of my collarbone. 

"Mmm, yes." 

"We're in the kitchen..." he began kissing me more passionately. 

"But Tom..."

He kissed my neck, then my mouth. His tongue slipped inside and I forgot the world around me. I felt his hands slide under my t-shirt and on my back, towards the clasp of my bra. I leaned against him and moaned in his mouth when I felt my bra being undone. His hands moved towards my butt. We were still busily tonguing each other and I felt myself become wetter. He pulled me against his erection and started kissing me in my neck again.

"But Tom...," I repeated.

"Mmm?" Zack replied, "He'll have to wait..."

"But- Oohh!" he lifted me on to the kitchen counter. I encircled his waist with my legs and he pulled my t-shirt up in order to treat my breasts with his mouth and tongue. My fingers went through his hair and I leaned my head against the kitchen cupboards behind me. With closed eyes I enjoyed the feel of his hands and hot mouth on my body. I moaned when he flicked his tongue over a hard nipple while the other one got pinched gently. This was so good. I pulled him closer forgetting the world around me. 

A cough and "Xcuse me, I don't mean to interrupt, but..."

My eyes snapped open and there was Tom, leaning in the doorway. There was an amused grin on his face. How long had he been there, watching us?

"Zack. Zack!" I pushed the neighbour away from me and a bit panicked I pulled my t-shirt down. 

"Mmm, what?" he looked up at me with his dark eyes. I pointed over his shoulder at the guy in the doorway and he looked over his shoulder. 

"Oh, that's Tom," and he tried to pull my t-shirt up again. I stopped him and wriggled off the kitchen counter.

"Easy girl," he laughed softly, "Tom's a very good mate of mine."

"But I don't know him!" I hissed at him.

"You hardly knew me last night..." he threw back softly, but he turned around and made the introductions. 

Tom came closer and offered me his hand. I remained behind my neighbour, too aware of the fact that my bra hung loose under my t-shirt, but nevertheless I shook his hand.

"You got the things out of the car?"

Tom nodded, his eyes darting from me to Zack and back again.

"Let's get back to business then," he turned to me, "I remember your offer for coffee and lunch?"

All I could do was nod. Tom was already on his way out, but not without a last amused glance at us. Zack pulled me close again.

"You guys want your coffee at about ten?"

He nodded while his eyes wandered over my body and he put a hand on my bum and squeezed gently. Then he turned around and walked towards the door, but before he went outside he said:

"Don't you have a nice little skirt? Makes things a bit... easier."

"But Tom, he-"

"He's a very good mate," he grinned and before he closed the door behind him he added: 

"You should get to know him a little better."

I rushed upstairs. Not so much as to change, but because I wanted to know what they were saying about me, for there was no doubt in my mind, that they'd be discussing me. Tom was leaning on his spade while Zack joined him.

"Some help with unloading the car would've been nice..."

"I was busy."

"Yeah, getting up close and personal with your neighbour."

"Told you so."

"So... that's the neighbour who's brains you fucked out, as you put it over the phone last night?"

"Yep."

I couldn't see it, but I was sure that Zack had a wide grin on his face.

"But... you guys hardly know each other, right?"

"Right."

"But..."

"But she was horny, asked me to fuck her and hey, I'm only human."

Tom stared at him and then towards the kitchen, before he started to laugh out loud.

"No mate, I don't buy it. That's a good girl, cute and all, but not a girl who'd just ask her neighbour to fuck her."

Zack shrugged his shoulders and began dragging the old fence poles out of their way.

It was a little after ten when I carried a tray with soft drinks and cookies into the garden. It was quite warm already and the guys had decided to prefer a soft drink over coffee. I acted like nothing had happened, but Zack stared offhandedly and amused at me and nodded his approval when he saw my skirt. Tom seemed curious as well. He was blonde and had blue eyes and just like my neighbour he was tanned. He was a little taller than Zack and I thought he could use some extra weight, but then I'm not usually into the skinny type. 

Our conversation remained neutral, talking about work and whether I enjoyed living here. When the guys got up to get back to work, Zack put his empty glass on the tray and whispered in my ear: "Nice skirt."

I tried to ignore him, but couldn't help smiling.

"Wet panties?"

I swallowed and looked towards Tom, but he seemed far enough away not to hear and I whispered back:

"Wanna feel?"

"Here?"

"Actually, I was thinking- Mmmm!"

He'd already pushed his hand under my shirt and between my legs.

"Not as wet as it was yesterday..."

"I'm not as horny as I was yesterday..."

"Don't worry, baby, it's early still," and he walked away from me.

The weather was so gorgeous that I decided to leave the door open and I did the usual Saturday morning things, like laundry and taking the vacuum for a spin. It kept me busy, but nevertheless my thoughts kept wandering. Zack's words kept going through my mind. What was he up to? He could not honestly think that we'd fuck while Tom was around? Although, I had to admit that the thought did make me horny. Especially since he seemed to have the kitchen in mind.

I closed my eyes and leaned against the bedroom door. How would he like to take me? Bent forwards over the kitchen table? I love being fucked from behind. My hand moved under my short skirt and I started stroking myself over the cotton fabric of my panties. 

Perhaps he'd lift me on the kitchen counter again. Yes, that would feel good as well. His cock in my pussy and his face between my breasts. Mmm, yes, that would be great.

Or he could sit down and I'd open his jeans, take out his cock and next I'd sit in his lap, facing him. I rubbed my clit hard and fast and I felt my juice leak into my panties. I moaned as I felt my orgasm coming near. I rubbed faster and felt the all too familiar tingle and sighed deeply when my lower body started to convulse. Oh, this was just so good. I stood with a smile on my face, squeezing my thighs tightly together until most of the wonderful sensation had died down.

I decided not to change panties. The wet touch of my panties simply made me feel hornier and in case Zack decided to have another feel, well, it had just become a lot more interesting! I hurried downstairs to prepare lunch.

I was humming softly to myself while I was about to cut some cucumber and tomatoes when I felt a pair of hands on my hips. I initially started, but when his hands started to stroke my hips slowly, I just closed my eyes and enjoyed the caresses. He stood very close behind me -- I could feel his chest against my back - and caressed me from my hips till my breasts and back again.

I moaned softly and leaned against him. The knife with which I'd intended to attack the cucumber and tomatoes had slid from my hand and my hands rested on the kitchen counter.

His hands slid under my shirt and started to fondle my breasts gently. I sighed contently and ground my ass firmly against his crotch. I felt his erection and it turned me on. His hands went down and pulled up my short skirt.

"Mmm, yes baby, feel how wet I am for you..." I moaned. He rested his chin on my shoulder and I could feel his breath on me, his warm, stubbly cheek against mine. His hand went down, touching the cotton material of my panties, feeling the wet spot.

"Mmm oh yes," I moaned softly and I pushed my pussy against his probing fingers.

"Please, go on," I begged. He was so careful. So different from yesterday. 

I put my hand over his and pushed him firmer against my pussy, my legs squeezed around his hand. He withdrew his hand and pulled my panties down. Again I felt probing fingers on my clit and then near my hot, moist hole. He pressed first one, then two fingers inside of me. I thought I was going crazy! My juices trickled down his fingers and I wanted to feel him deeper inside of me.

"Fuck me, fuck me please," I begged.

"Mmm, OK," he growled and somehow something didn't seem right, but he pushed me forwards till I stood bent in front of him and he spread my legs a little. I heard him unzip his pants and before I could say anything I felt his warm, hard cock slide over my clit. I pushed the cucumber and the knife further aside and leaned on the kitchen counter when I felt how he pushed the head of his cock inside my cunt.

"Oh yes, go on!"

Oh man, that felt so good! He pushed very slowly, until his cock was fitted entirely in my cunt and I could feel his balls against me. I kept my eyes closed while he withdrew his cock and slowly re-entered. 

"Oh come on baby, fuck me, fuck me hard," I told him. My voice sounded so different when I was turned on like this.

"You want it as hard as you got it yesterday?" Zack's voice was deeper from excitement as well. 

"Mmm, yes, please."

I felt how the hands tightened their grip on my hips and the fuck rhythm sped up. In.... out. In.... Out. His balls hit my clit. So hot! I groaned as he slammed his hard cock deep inside of me.

"You like this, don't ya?"

"Ooh, yes... " I looked up at Zack who stood with crossed arms beside me.

It took a few seconds before this hit home.

"Oh god!" I tried to raise myself, but the cock got slammed deep inside of me and I had to catch myself on the counter. I looked with large eyes at Zack and he grinned. I looked over my shoulder and saw Tom standing behind me with his eyes closed and a red face. His hands were in a deadlock on my hips, his cock pumped my pussy.

"No!" I called out, but my body cried 'yes', as I felt my pussy convulse and climax. It didn't take Tom much longer to shoot his hot cum deep inside of me. My legs nearly gave way because of the shock and the physical exertion. Zack caught me and laughed at me.

"I assume she was nicely wet?"

"Oh man!" Tom stared at him with a grin from ear to ear on his red face, "Not just soaking wet, but mate, what a tight cunt!"

"So, you believe me now?"

They started to laugh and Zack handed me a glass of water which I gratefully accepted.

He pulled me against him and murmured thoughtfully:

"Maybe you should be our lunch..."

"Will that make you fuck me too?" and I gave him my empty glass.

"Would you like me too?"

I leaned against him and felt Tom's cum leak out of my pussy.

"Mmmm."

"Sounds like a 'yes' to me..."

I don't recall how we got upstairs to my room, just that we were there.

Tom pulled the curtains a bit further open in order to let in as much light as possible. Then he pulled the blankets off my bed as they'd 'only be in the way'.

Zack leaned with his back against the closed door and pulled me tightly against him. We were passionately kissing each other while his hands roamed my back. My breath caught when I felt a second pair of hands on my butt. Tom squeezed my ass cheeks and pushed a hand between my legs. I had no idea what had happened to my panties and so there was nothing to keep his fingers from probing my pussy. He entered me with a finger and I moaned in Zack's mouth.

"Ohh!" 

A second finger got pushed inside. I stopped kissing and leaned against Zack who in turn stroked my hair. 

"Is she wet?"

"Yeah, my fingers slide inside just like that."

I stood between their bodies and absolutely enjoyed their touches. Zack's hands slid back down and pulled my shirt over my head. There I was in my bra and short skirt, without any panties. Zack pushed me a little backwards until I was leaning against Tom who'd withdrawn his fingers from my wet pussy and quickly unsnapped my bra. He encircled my waist managing to hold up my skirt at the same time. His other hand removed my bra and started to fondle one of my breasts. I felt his hot breath in my neck.

Zack let his hands trail over my body. My hips, my thighs, my legs and back up again towards my pussy. He knelt down and gave me little kisses on my tummy. It tickled and I started squirming a little. His hands stroked my inner thighs and with every stroke he'd very briefly and very lightly touch my pussy. It drove me mad! Then he leaned forwards and I felt his hot wet tongue taste me. I started trashing and Tom had to use all his strength to hold me as Zack grabbed my legs and while sucking and licking my clit he looked up at me.

I wanted to close my legs, but his head was in my crotch doing things no-one had ever done to me before.

"Ohh!" my body started to convulse when he entered my pussy with his tongue 

He got a tighter hold on my legs and I could feel him lapping up my cum. My cunt bucked in his face and he tried to control me by holding me as tightly as he could. His tongue entered my pussy deep, sucking and licking.

"I can't hold her, Zack," Tom warned.
