 Chapter 2 -- Exploration Time

George was the first to wake up and his eyes first landed on his wife's sleeping body. Although still sound asleep he did note that she had the most blissful expression on her face. Bill and Brenda, still blindfolded and cuffed together, were a little harder to read, but they were also sound asleep, with Brenda's lips making a light 'puffing' sound as she breathed out. Not really a snore, but a cute little sound none-the-less.

George carefully rose up and surveyed the rest of the room. Several couples were milling about in the dining room, munching on snacks and having a drink. In the far corner of the Den he did notice Mike sitting in an armless straight back chair with his own wife, Janet, sitting astride him. They were pretty much motionless, except for every once in a while Janet would rotate her hips. It became obvious that she had her husband inside her, but they were simply relaxing and enjoying a slow leisurely fuck. Maybe something that laid-back couldn't even be called fucking, George thought to himself.

All of the rest of the couples appeared to be taking a break from any sexual activities and were simply socializing, much like any other party, except for the fact that all of the attendees were naked and many of them had just had sex of one form with one another partygoer. As the host, George felt a little guilty about abandoning the rest of the guests so he carefully disentangled from the three on the sofa and went to the dining room to check on everyone.

"Hi everyone, enjoying the party?" George asked with a smile.

"Oh yeah, just missing you," smiled Jenny-2 as she sidled up to George for a hug. Since there were two members named Jenny, Kevin's wife had become known as Jenny-2. She was the consummate party animal and unofficial club social chairman. Jenny-2 was also a natural red head that loved to let her bush go natural as well. Two years ago when she and Kevin had joined, Jenny-2 almost refused the Initiation requirement to shave her pubic hair, but she ultimately relented. She boasted that she hadn't taken scissors or a razor to it since.

"While you four show-offs were sleeping the night away we decided to go ahead and take a vote," Jenny-2 continued. "You and Georgette still have a vote and we haven't interrupted the two love birds in the corner still going at it, but everyone else has voted to accept Bill and Brenda into our little club."

"Well, I typically don't speak for Georgette, but after she let 'monster dick' over there plow her ass, and judging from the fucked silly expression on her face now, I think Georgette is probably going to vote 'Yes' as well. Let me go interrupt Mike and Janet and see what they have to say."

Walking across the room George was about to decide that the two coupled up in the chair had dozed off. However, just as he approached Janet did another hip rotation and they both moaned softly. "Mike? Janet? Can I interrupt your love making long enough to ask you a question?"

"Mmmm. Go away George," Mike responded. 

Janet on the other hand turned slightly to look at George, "What is it George? We are just resting for a few minutes. Besides Mike is barely hard anyway."

"Well I was just wondering if the two of you had made a decision on adding Bill and Brenda." George explained.

Janet opened her eyes leaned back and looked at her husband, "I would vote yes and after that performance Brenda just gave, I'm betting Mike hear can hardly wait to taste some of those juices she was squirting all over you. Hmmmm... I think this rising dick inside of me just cast Mike's vote for him." Mike just nodded his head up and down. "George?"

"Yes, Janet," George responded.

"You can stand there and watch, participate, or go away and leave us alone; but I think Mike is getting ready to fuck me," Janet huskily replied.

George turned and started for the dining room until he saw movement on the sofa. Georgette's head popped up, looked around then broke out into a wide smile when she focused on George. "Hey Baby," she silently mouthed. George walked over to his wife, leaned over the back of the sofa and gave her a warm kiss.

"The others have already voted to accept Bill and Brenda. How do you vote?" George asked.

"I vote yes, but only if he promises not to try and fuck me in the ass for at least six months. My ass is still stinging just a little from that stretching he gave me," Georgette smiled sexily back. Then she quickly added, with an even larger smile "Well... maybe I'll only make him wait two months." 

George walked over to a cabinet and pulled out two long pieces of cloth and handed them to Georgette. "Here, you give these to Bill and Brenda. I'm going to go get some food, before I take a quick shower," George explained as he headed for the dining room.

Just at that moment Brenda started to rouse. At first she panicked slightly because of her blindfold and then she quickly remembered where she was and what had been happening earlier. Her own movements also caused Bill to move about. Georgette removed first Brenda's and then Bill's blindfold. "Congratulations! You've just been voted into membership." Georgette gave each a quick kiss on their lips. "I look forward to getting to know you two a little bit better. Not that my ass isn't already very familiar with Bill here. That was some pounding that you gave me a little earlier." Then she looked at Brenda and added, "Promise me that you'll let him do that to me again sometime."

"Only if you'll let me borrow that swordsman of a husband you have," Brenda joked back. "Does this mean we can remove our wrists restraints?" Brenda asked as she reached for the Velcro closure.

"Nope. Not yet," Georgette stopped her by placing her warm hand on their bound wrists. "For now you should leave the wrist cuffs on so that the two of you are together. At the next meeting you'll be free to explore independent of one another. It's probably not necessary, but I need you to tie these around your waists. These terry cloth belts actually came from matching bath robes. You're wearing them tells the others in the group that they shouldn't initiate any sexual contact with you tonight. You two are free to wander around the house, explore, meet others and if you are really interested in engaging in sex, then you're free to get involved anywhere. But other members won't initiate any actual physical activity their self. So feel free to look, but not touch; or if you really want to get involved fell free to get involved in any way you would like. Now. I'm going to go join my husband, get some food and then go take a quick shower. It seems that someone squirted their sweet juices all over me."

Brenda blushed furiously as Brenda got up. Seeing her embarrassment Georgette leaned over and gave her a big hug and another kiss on the lips. "Sweetie, relax. I loved every minute of it. And I know several of the other members are going to seek you out at our next little party. So... mix, mingle, get some food or take a shower if you like. There's a huge master bathroom downstairs that you're welcome to use. Or there are two full bathrooms upstairs. The entire house is wide open -- with the exception of the master bedroom. You can go through it to the bath, but George and I don't share our own bed with others. You'll find three bedrooms upstairs that can be used by anyone." Then hearing the frantic crescendo of Mike and Janet from the chair in the corner she quickly added with a wink, "Or any other piece of furniture you might like to use."

With that Georgette was gone and Bill and Brenda were left sitting on the sofa alone. They looked at one another, kissed passionately and then were just beginning to start discussing the events of earlier when Jenny-2 came waltzing up leading another man by the hand.

"Hi Brenda, Bill," Jenny-2 spoke offering her hand to each. "We met earlier, but since you were blindfolded at the time you probably don't remember me. I believe you met Brad here a few weeks ago. I'm Jenny, but most people call me Jenny-2. I think you also met Brad's wife, Jenny as well. She is the reason I'm called Jenny-2."

All four shook hands before Jenny-2 continued. "I don't know if either of you want anything to eat or drink, but I'm sure you would love to take a quick shower. I've enlisted Brad here to help me get you two bathed and refreshed. There's a huge two headed shower in the master bath that is just large enough to hold all four of us -- unless you object to the two of us washing your backs."

This time it was Bill that spoke, "N...no. I think that would be fine. I'm not hungry but I'm dying for some water. Maybe we could grab some water on the way?" The way he and Brenda were still seated on the sofa, Jenny-2's impressive bush was right at George's eye level. His dick stirred slightly at the sight. 

"Sure. Brad why don't you run and get us all some bottled water and I'll direct them to Georgette's wonderful shower," Jenny-2 enthusiastically instructed as she took the rookie couple by the hand and headed for the bathroom. "I'm sure each of you has a thousand questions going through your minds and you both are just dying to talk with one another about your experiences tonight. If you prefer Brad and I will be glad to leave you alone and let you talk, or we'll be glad to answer any questions you have. But, to be honest with you; my recommendation would be to just relax and enjoy tonight. There will be plenty of time to talk later."

They had just reached the bathroom as Brad joined the group handing them each a cold bottle of water. Bill drained almost half of his as Brenda took several swallows, quenching her own thirst. The pause gave Bill and Brenda an opportunity to take a longer look at their two new friends. As expected Bill's eyes turned to take in Jenny-2's body as Brenda ogled Brad. Jenny-2 and Brad simply stood quietly and allowed the two to get their fill. From their own experience they knew that Brenda and Bill would both want to 'check them out'. That was a normal event for new couples when first seeing the naked bodies of others at these parties. 

Bill had already noticed Jenny-2's impressive mound, now he allowed his eyes to travel higher and check her entire body out. Her head also sported the same flaming red of her bush. Her sparkling green eyes followed his every glance. Jenny-2 had probably had a 36-37" inch chest, but she easily had DD cups; the weight causing her breasts to sag just a little. Her stomach was flat and her entire body was supported by a strikingly beautiful set of legs. Had Jenny-2 been dressed in shorts or a dress her legs would have easily set her apart from other women, but standing naked in the bathroom it was her mouth watering bush that captured Bill's gaze.

Brenda on the other hand was slowly scanning Brad's body. His hair, what little still remained was dark and cut short. He had an almost washboard stomach and averaged size penis. But what captured Brenda's attention was Brad's full mustache. She had often encouraged Bill to grow a mustache, or even a beard. But he had always complained that is itched too much and shaved after just a few days. Having only recently shaved her own bush, Brenda couldn't help but wonder what that mustache would feel like if Brad were to eat her bald cunt. Daydreaming about that pleasure caused a small shiver to travel through her body, along with a small amount of moisture leak from her pussy.

"Okay you two. If you're through ogling our bodies, why don't we get you bathed," Brad interrupted the voyeuristic interlude with a smile as he turned on both shower heads. "I can bathe the beautiful Brenda here, while Jenny-2 bathes Bill, or we can leave you to your own devices. Either way I think we'll take off the restraints while you're in the shower."

"Well, well. It looks to me like Bill may like the idea of me scrubbing his back... Me washing your back is what you were thinking about wasn't it Bill?" asked a laughing Jenny-2. All eyes turned to Bill, who had been staring at Jenny-2's crotch, but his dick had resurrected to a full erection. His face held the look of a small child who had just been caught with his hand in a cookie jar. "Relax Bill. One of the reasons I let my bush grow so long is for guys in the club to get pleasure from it. So look all you want. Heck, you can even touch it if you like."

Bill reached his fingers out to run them through Jenny-2's hair. "Brenda, what do you think? Shower alone, or enlist these two to help us?" Bill asked his wife -- hoping she would agree to share the shower with these two gorgeous adults.

"Only if I get to wash Brad's body in return," Brenda smiled in reply.

"Okay, that's settled then. Why don't you take off your cuffs while we're in the shower? We wouldn't want you to lose your balance and slip. Also, untie your belts and hang them on the towel bar. The other members will still keep their distance, unless you invite them to join us," Jenny-2 explained with a twinkle in her eye. After removing their cuffs and white belts, Jenny-2 then grasped Bill's dick as a leash and led him into the shower. Brenda took Jenny-2's cue and did the same with Brad. "Why don't we do your backs first? You two stand in the middle of the shower and I'll wash Bill's back while Brad takes care of Brenda."

"Ohhhh, Brad can take care of me anytime," Brenda joked as she turned to face her husband. The two shared a deep kiss as Jenny-2 and Brad began bathing them.

Jenny-2 and Brad actually made quick work of bathing the two -- front and back. Their efforts were better defined as a true bath, with very few sexual overtures and very few words exchanged. The only real comment coming from Jenny-2 when Bill's dick was at full mast. As she carefully washed his impressive weapon Jenny-2 looked at Brenda and commented, "My god! How did Georgette take this monster in her ass?"

"Don't ask me. I can only handle one finger or a slim vibrator in mine. I would have loved to see Georgette taking Bill's dick in hers," Brenda responded.

When Brad and Jenny-2 had finished with their work they handed over the bath sponges and allowed Brenda and Bill to bathe them. These two took a bit longer than Jenny-2 and Brad had taken with their bodies. Brenda reached Brad's dick at almost the same time that Bill was ready to bath Jenny-2's pussy. The husband and wife team seemed to be in a contest to see which one could elicit the most moans from their respective bath partner. So they each took plenty of time on those particular body parts.

Throughout most of the bath Brad had only maintained a partial erection. Now as Brenda sensuously slid a soapy hand up and down his dick, occasionally going down to wash his balls; Brad was now sporting a full erection. Brenda was doing her best to stimulate Brad and from the sounds he made and the way he closed his eyes, it appeared that she was doing a very good job indeed.

Meanwhile Bill, not to be outdone, was sensuously running his fingers up and down Jenny-2's outer lips, occasionally inserting one or two fingers inside to make sure she was thoroughly clean everywhere. Her moans also attested to the admirable job that Bill was doing. Eventually Jenny-2 opened her eyes and dreamily looked over at Bill's wife. "Brenda, honey? Would you mind...? Mmmm... Would you mind if I let Bill give me a.... Nhhhh.... nice little orgasm? I'm... I'm almost there already." Jenny-2 asked breathlessly.

"Not at all. Bill does have remarkable hands and fingers. His tongue is pretty talented as well," Brenda retorted as she turned off one of the shower heads, leaving room for the four of them to stand to one side of the shower without the water washing away the soapy lubricant.

"Hey! Don't I have any say in this?" Bill joked.

"No!" Brenda retorted. "Now be a nice obedient husband and let my new friend here cum, while I do the same for Brad." Brenda doubled her efforts of jacking Brad off in the shower. Her hand slippery with soap pistoned up and down his hard shaft. "Cum for me baby. Let me see that cock of yours shoot."

Without missing a beat Brenda led the erect Brad closer to Jenny-2's side. From her vantage point she could watch her husband as well as see the expression on Jenny-2's face. Jenny-2 had her eyes clamped shut and her hands on each of Bill's shoulders as she rode his hard working fingers.

"Almost.... almost there," Jenny-2 breathed out through clenched teeth. "Right.... right there.

Brad soon joined the solo of Jenny-2 with his own commentary, "That's it Brenda. Don't stop! Don't stop! Don't...... NHHHHH! NNNNHHHH! NNNNHHH!," he suddenly screamed out as three strong spurts of cum shot out. The first striking Jenny-2 on the hip, the second on her mid -- thigh and the third landed across Brenda's foot.

The hot sperm hitting Jenny-2 pushed her over the edge as well as she grunted through several strong contractions, "UUUHHHNNN! UUUHHHNNN! UHHHHHHHH! MMMMMM. Mmmmmm." Jenny-2 collapsed down across Bill's shoulders and clung to his upper body.

"Niiiice." Brenda smiled. "But it looks like we're going to have to take another shower now," she cheerfully remarked as she nonchalantly let go of Brad's spent dick and turned the second shower back on.

"Well, talk about 'wham-bam-thank-you-m'am'. Get what you want out of me and then drop me like a hot potato," Brad joked.

"No offense toward you Brad," Brenda smiled coquettishly. "But I need a dick inside of me and from the look of yours I think it may be a while before you're ready again."

"I love this girl!" Jenny-2 laughed as she gave Brenda a big hug. "You're going to fit in very well around here. You know what you want and you're out to get it. But what about you Bill? I'm a little spent right now, but give me a minute or two to recover and I'll see if I can make you happy."

"You've already made me happy Jenny-2. I think I'd like to explore a little. Maybe watch Brenda shag someone else before I'm up for another round," George explained as they all stepped out of the shower and selected a nice fluffy towel from the stack conveniently sitting on the counter.

They made quick work of drying off and the two girls took a potty break, freshened up again and they were ready to rejoin the rest of the group. "Don't forget your hand cuffs and belts," Brad reminded them as he and Jenny-2 helped them get fastened back up.

"So what are the rules here Jenny, err Jenny-2? Are we free to explore on our own, or do you two need to chaperone us?" Brenda quizzed as they walked back through the master bedroom and headed for the den. "I'm dying to get fucked again tonight, but I would also like to meet the rest of the members."

Brad explained, "You're free to explore to your heart's content. As Georgette and George explained earlier, wearing the white belts lets other members know not to approach you physically, unless you encourage it. You are of course free to come-on to anyone you like. Go. Mingle. Have fun."

"Soooo... does that mean if I take off my white belt I could look forward to some dashing white knight coming and ramming his dick in me?" joked Brenda.

This time it was Jenny-2 that answered Brenda's question, "My, my aren't you the slutty one. I think you and I are going to become fast friends. But baby, I think any man here would be willing to come 'ram his dick in you' as you put it. Go and explore," Jenny-2 laughed as she and Brad walked off leaving Bill and Brenda in the middle of the den again.

Once again joined at the wrists, Bill and Brenda held hands as they walked toward the back of the house. For the first time tonight they realized that large sliding glass doors led to a nice sized lighted pool that sat in the middle of a high fenced-in lanai. A man was lying on his back in the middle of the pool with one woman standing on each side of him. They were alternately sharing his dick in a two-way blow job. With the limited lighting it was hard to make out the faces of the three people, until the two women let his dick out of their mouths for a moment as they readjusted and switched sides. Bill realized that the two women were identical in appearance.
