 Recap: JC arrives in Paris from Nice and meets Boulan who shows him the wall to be painted and gives him a list of his friends who he would like featured in the mural. After introducing Odile to Maria, who he had met on the flight, he gets ready to start the preliminary work on the painting.

Next morning, he awoke to find Odile already ready with breakfast on the table. He realized that they had to be at Boulan’s at 11 so there really wasn’t any time to play even though he had a morning hardon. When he stood up, she saw his erection and blew it a kiss but told him to put it back in his pants since they had no time to fool around. Before long, they were driving out to Boulan’s and wondering about the people they would be interviewing today and tomorrow. When they pulled into the driveway, they knew they would find out soon enough. The maid showed us to the library where Francois and Camille were waiting. He noticed that they were wearing robes again and, after greeting each other, Francois said that they were going to be the first couple to be interviewed and would the library suffice? 

JC told them that the library was fine and they sat down to talk. Odile handed JC a large clipboard with sheets of sketch paper and a pencil and he started making notes on their coloring and general build and then asked them to remove their robes. As they unveiled themselves, JC felt his organ quiver since they had fairly decent bodies for their age and Francois had an absolutely gorgeous organ hanging over a full set of big balls. He could only imagine its size when hard so he asked if Camille could show him what it looks like when fully erect and, without hesitation, she reached out and ran her fingers over his balls and thick penis and Francois’ cock started to grow before our eyes. It was absolutely gorgeous! It was thick and long and had an irresistible crown that just begged to be sucked. 

JC made a quick sketch of the proportions and general look of the formidable tool and the large ball sac which showed prominently just underneath it and then sketched Camille’s full breasts and general body contours. He asked each in turn what their favorite sexual positions were and made notes of their answers for future reference. He thanked them for their time and asked them to show the next couple in. 

A few minutes after they left the library, there was a knock on the door and when he called out for them to come in, a young and very handsome couple walked in wearing robes and he motioned for them to sit. They were Jean-Paul and Carole and he made a note of their names on his sketch pad along with their coloring and general size. He asked them to remove their robes and glanced over at Odile when they revealed their magnificent bodies and noted that her eyes were riveted to Jean-Paul’s organ which had a very thick shaft capped by a small but beautifully shaped crown. JC was interested in seeing what it looked like when hard and asked Carole to please give him an erection. She reached over and took the thick shaft in her hand and rubbed her thumb over the head a few times until it started to grow and both he and Odile saw his penis rise to full erection. 

It was about 7” long and very thick and the crown was small in comparison to the enormous shaft but looked very suckable because of its beautiful sculpted shape. JC made some quick sketches of it and guesstimated the proportions. Then he sketched Carole’s magnificent body including her ample and beautifully shaped ass and hips and large, full breasts. He asked them about their favorite positions and found out that Jean-Paul loved sucking cock while his cock was in a woman and that Carole loved a cock in both her holes while she sucked on another. He thanked them for their time and asked them to put their robes back on and send in the next couple.

He continued interviewing couples and making sketches for the next few hours and found that, so far, everyone he interviewed was sexually attractive in one way or another and his cock was hard and leaking precum all through it. One of the last couples to come in was the couple that Odile had told him about in the restaurant the other day and she reminded him about them just before they walked in. Thomas and Edith were very attractive and when he asked them to remove their robes, his eyes fastened on Thomas’ huge tool which had to be at least 9” while soft with an immense, flared cockhead that looked like a battering ram for a SWAT team. Odile told him to please do that monster tool justice in the painting and asked Edith to please get it hard so that JC could see what he was going to paint. 

As soon as Edith started playing with the third person in their life, it began to assume unreal proportions and JC was so amazed at the size of the organ that he got up and took it in his hands to feel it. It felt so alive as blood was pumping into it to keep it good and hard that he was reluctant to let it go but did since he had to finish the interviews before playing. He went back to his chair and sketch pad with a huge bulge in his pants which they all noticed. He made a few sketches of the enormous tool and then one of Edith’s body, which was a little plump but very sexy looking. He asked her if she can take her husband’s cock all the way and she laughed and told him that all she can get inside her cunt is a little more than half. Odile piped in that all she can take is about half also and she’s a lot bigger than Edith and Thomas smiled ruefully as he told them that he has never found a woman to take all of his organ although he’s not giving up. 

JC asked if he had ever considered living on a farm or cattle ranch and they all laughed at the joke. By the time he had completed the day’s interviews, he was randy as hell and thought about knocking off a quickie with Odile when Francoise entered and suggested that they stay for dinner and playtime afterwards. JC looked at Odile and when she nodded, he accepted the invitation and Boulan led them into the sitting room where Camille was entertaining a few couples including Thomas and Edith. All were wearing robes and Camille called over a very pretty young maid and told JC and Odile to follow her upstairs and she would show them where they could change. 

When they got back downstairs, everyone was seated in the dining room and Francoise motioned them to seats on either side of him as he sat at the head of the table. The conversation seemed to revolve around an Italian named Fabio Calvetti who had recently entered the international scene as a major party giver after a weekend party in Rome at his mansion a few weeks ago. It seems that one of the regulars at Boulan’s parties had been invited and were raving about the quality of the attendees and the non-stop sex provided. JC noted that a very attractive young couple wearing abbreviated maid and butler uniforms were standing off to the side and not waiting on the tables as dinner was being served but didn’t give it any further thought as Camille broke into his reverie with a question about his unusual work ethics regarding his interns. 

They had finished their first course and as he answered her, he noted that the young couple headed for the table and, as one went to the head of the table, the other went to the foot and then both disappeared underneath it. Camille then explained that they, too, had interns to help warm up the guests for the action that was to take place later and, as she spoke, he felt his robe being opened and a warm, comfortable mouth envelope his semi-hard organ. He looked down to see the young man sucking on the head of his cock and playing with his balls. A woman at the other end of the table gasped as the other intern wrapped her lips around her clit and sensuously sucked it. Just as he was starting to enjoy the blowjob, the mouth on his penis was removed and he surmised that Francois was being serviced from the dreamy look on his face. 

As soon as the next course was served, the couple withdrew to their posts on the other side of the room and waited until everyone was finished before going back to servicing the guests between courses. It seems as though the young girl serviced the women and the guy took care of the men. By the time dinner was over, everyone had been warmed up and every penis was rock hard. Boulan led the way into the library after dinner and sat down in a comfortable sofa chair with his robe wide open and his huge organ standing straight up. Most everyone had loosened the belts on their robes and he noted the various sizes and shapes of the erections that were now visible. 

Francois announced that it was time for some after dinner cordials and a maid entered the room carrying a tray with a bottle of Irish Cream but no glasses. She went over to Boulan and placed the tray on the table next to him and poured some of the cordial into a dish. Then she picked up a brush, which was on the tray, dipped it into the liquor and proceeded to paint the cordial all over his erection. As soon as she finished, Camille got up and got down on her knees in front of her husband and began licking and sucking the cordial off his stiff organ as he explained to Odile and JC that this was an after dinner tradition at his house. Each man’s partner had their after dinner drink this way and, when the women had finished their drinks, it was the men’s turn. 

The cordial was specially diluted so that it wouldn’t hurt the tender skin. The maid was working her way around the room painting cordial on each cock and, as soon as she finished, his woman would get down and lick it off. Odile couldn’t wait to have hers and, as soon as the maid finished brushing JC’s organ, she was on her knees licking and sucking every drop off his throbbing penis. After the day of interviews, and the short sucking during dinner, he was horny as hell and almost shot his load as Odile lovingly licked his thick shaft clean of liquor. When she finished, she told Francois that it was the best after dinner drink she’s had in years. When the women finished their drinks, the maid proceeded to paint each pussy and the men got down between their legs and licked up their drinks along with some delicious pussy juices. 

By the time the men finished licking up all the liquor from their women’s pussies, everyone was horny and Boulan announced the start of the evenings activities. JC noticed Camille heading over to him and before he could say anything to her, she had dropped to her knees in front of him and taken the head of his erection in her mouth. As she nursed on the crown, Francois came over and stood alongside his chair. His enormous hardon was standing out in front of him and JC couldn’t help but reach up and grasp the thick shaft in his hand and bring the head towards his lips. As he looked at the beautiful crown, a large drop of precum welled up out of the slit and he flicked out his tongue to catch it before it fell and found that it was absolutely delicious. 


He looked up at Francoise and told him that he should serve his precum as an after dinner drink since it was so tasty and Boulan looked down at him with a smile and told him that he does exactly that at small parties but he just doesn’t have enough for large groups. JC covered the beautiful cockhead with his lips and started nursing on it just as Camille was doing to him and suddenly, without warning, a wonderful feeling washed over him and his penis exploded and began filling Camille’s mouth with hot cum in one spurt after another until his spasms ended. She kept sucking firmly on the hard shaft as he started to take Francois as deep down his throat as possible. He had the thick shaft deep and was milking the delicious meat as he swallowed around it when Francois cried out in ecstasy and held JC’s head in his hands as he began to pump his cum down JC’s throat. 

JC kept gulping down the load that was being fed to him and couldn’t believe the quantity that Boulan ejected into his mouth. He kept sucking firmly on the delicious cock until Boulan withdrew it and collapsed in his chair. 

Camille was alternately stroking and sucking on his semi-erect penis as he watched Odile busy eating a buxom blonde, whose name escaped him at the moment, while her husband was thrusting his organ into her pussy in long, deep strokes. She seemed to be totally lost in pleasure and was meeting his thrusts with her hips as she moaned and fastened her lips to the blonde’s clit. As he was watching her, Thomas came over and tapped Camille on the shoulder and asked if he could please cut in. She took her mouth from JC’s thick tool and smiled as she got up and told him that he was in for a treat. Thomas got comfortable between his spread thighs and ran his fingers over JC’s balls and up and down his shaft, which was fully erect again. He leaned forward and took the head of JC’s cock in his mouth and began to nurse on it while cupping his balls in his hands and slipping a wet finger into his anus. 

JC leaned back and let the sensations wash over his body again as Thomas was an expert in what he was doing. After some time, he reached the point where he had to have a nice thick penis in his mouth and, suddenly remembered the enormous organ between Thomas’ thighs. He asked Thomas to lay back down on his side on the carpet and got down and fed him his throbbing penis as he rested his head on Thomas’ thigh and gazed reverently at the monster cock in front of his eyes. He grasped the thick shaft in his hand and got the same feeling of excitement that he got when he first held it during the interview. He stroked it lovingly and then lifted his head and licked off a large drop of precum from the slit just before covering the huge head with his lips and sucking on it. As he nursed on the enormous crown, Thomas started to take him deep and he was completely lost in the sensations he was getting in his cock as well as having that delicious piece of meat in his mouth. 

The two of them were moaning as they sucked each other and then JC felt a penis probe his anus and then enter him. It felt wonderful and started moving smoothly in and out of his ass while he and Thomas were sucking each other and added more fantastic sensations to those he was already experiencing. Then, as he sucked firmly on the swollen cockhead, he saw a large penis enter Thomas’ ass and realized that the two of them were being fucked as they sucked each other but he didn’t want to let go of the delicious meat in his mouth to see who was fucking them so he just let the sensations take control of him. He was stroking the enormous shaft as he sucked the head and suddenly he felt it expand and heard Thomas groan as his cock started shooting ropes of cum into his hungry mouth. 

He swallowed each delicious load as it shot onto his tongue and kept squeezing the thick shaft from the base up to get the last drops out until there was no more. He heard a gasp behind him and the cock in his ass started pumping hot loads of cum into him which felt wonderful and he pushed back to get more of the meat inside him as it throbbed and jerked inside him. When he let the beautiful penis slip from between his lips and lifted his head, he saw Francois withdrawing his cock from Thomas and turned to see that it was Jean-Paul who had just cum in his ass. As the four of them rolled onto their backs on the carpet, a maid came over with hot, wet towels and cleaned off Jean-Paul and Francois and then worked on he and Thomas. 

He saw that the rest of the group was sitting all around them and had been watching them while they played. Odile and Edith were fingering each other’s pussies as were Camille and the blonde although the blonde was sucking on an interns cock as she watched. JC was at the stage where he was horny as hell but nowhere near cumming so everything and everyone looked delicious to him and his penis was standing straight up and ready for action. The blonde withdrew her mouth from the intern’s cock and got up and straddled his body as she squatted down and fit the head of his erection to her hole and sank down on it with a sigh of pleasure. Her cunt was warm and smooth and grasped his shaft tightly as she held it deep inside her. 

She smiled down at JC and began to contract her pussy muscles around his thick shaft so that it felt like she was masturbating him with her cunt. Then she called over the intern and had him feed her his erection to suck as she worked her magic on his penis. He reached up and held the intern’s balls in his hand and slipped a finger into his asshole while he fucked the blonde’s mouth. Then Camille came over and squatted over his face as she presented a delicious looking pussy for him to suck while burying her face between the intern’s ass cheeks and licking his anus and balls as he fucked the blonde’s mouth. After a while of this, JC felt his orgasm approaching as the blonde increased the milking of his penis with her talented cunt and he heard Camille cried out in orgasm as she bore down on his mouth and flooded his face with her juices. 

He was buried in the blonde’s cunt and enjoying it immensely when he heard her muffled cry of passion and felt her pussy contract tightly around his shaft as she wet him with her hot nectar. That triggered his impending orgasm and his penis began pumping his cum deep inside her in one beautiful spasm after another as he emptied his balls deep in her hungry, grasping pussy. 

As the blonde lifted herself off his still throbbing organ, Camille slowly got up off his face and bent down to kiss him and thank him for the wonderful cum he had just given her. Then Francois announced that it was time to wind up the party as JC still had a lot of work to do tomorrow before he got started on the mural and he wanted him well rested so he could create something very special for him. He told JC that it was a tradition at his parties that all the guests show their appreciation for the evening’s activities by worshipping the genitals of the host and hostess before leaving and he and Camille sat down on the couch alongside one another and spread their legs as each guest got down on their knees before them. He noticed that each couple took their turn as the husband would kiss and lick Camille while his wife sucked on Francois cock and then they would switch positions before getting up and leaving the room to get washed and dressed. 

When it was their turn, JC teased Camille’s clit with his tongue and then dipped it inside her pink hole as he looked up into her glazed eyes. Odile had Francois’ thick penis between her lips and was nursing on it as she ran her tongue over the slit in the tip and then they changed positions with JC taking Boulan’s beautiful cockhead between his lips and pushing the tip of his tongue into the slit as he sucked. He was really enjoying himself and didn’t want to stop but his time was up and there were still a few more guests waiting their turn so he reluctantly withdrew his mouth from the tasty organ and he and Odile went upstairs to shower and get dressed.

When they got back to Odile’s, they were both too tired to have sex so they hopped into bed and fell asleep almost immediately. They awakened fresh and rested and decided to hold off having sex until later as they both wanted to finish up the interviews at Boulan’s so he could get started on the preliminary sketches for the mural. They arrived at Boulan’s and finished up all the interviews by late afternoon. JC set up his easel in the library and began sketching ideas for the composition of the mural. He had asked that they not be disturbed and had removed his clothes as did Odile. She sat at his feet and played with his balls and cock as he worked. Every once in a while, she would take the head of his penis into her mouth and nurse on it for a while to keep him good and horny but made sure not to get him too excited as he preferred not cumming until he was finished working. 
