 Recap: JC finishes the major part of the work on the mural and all that’s left is the detailing and varnishing so Boulan makes preparations for a large party to show off the mural to all his close friends.

On the way home, they stopped off at a small restaurant in Odile’s neighborhood and had dinner and then went home and got into bed for a nice quiet fuck before falling asleep. They awoke early and showered, dressed and had breakfast and were at Boulan’s place by 10. The intern, Jon, was waiting for them when they entered the mural room and JC undressed, slipped on his robe and went over to the work table to prepare his materials for the day. He stepped back and surveyed the entire mural sketching the areas that needed some detail work and was just about to ask Jon to get on the scaffold with him, when Camille and Francois walked in and greeted them warmly. After a short conversation, JC nodded to Jon and got on the platform but Camille asked if she could be his intern for a few hours and when he agreed, she told Jon to go over to the couch where Odile and Francois were sitting and take care of them while they watched JC work. 

She hopped up on the scaffold with him and waited for his instructions as he raised the platform to the area he was going to work on. When he was ready to start work, he told her to open his robe and play with him just enough to keep him hard and horny and not let him get too excited so that he cums. She got on her knees in front of him and opened his robe revealing his manhood which was not hard but was good and thick and looked very inviting. She wanted to take the head in her mouth and suckle it but restrained herself as she didn’t want to get him too excited so she reached up and fondled his big, tight ball sac as he started quickly sketching with his charcoals. 

Meanwhile, Jon was sitting between Odile’s parted thighs and lightly kissing her labia as he played with Francois’ huge erection. They had told him to go very slowly as they wanted to watch JC work so he took his time and kept both of them from becoming too randy. Camille was running her fingers lightly up and down JC’s shaft, which was now in full bloom, and telling him that she would love to be his intern anytime he wished and would fly down to Nice whenever he asked. She kept telling him how beautiful his organ is and how much she loves sucking it and having it inside her which had JC in the perfect mood to paint. As he finished detailing each area of the mural, he got down and licked Camille’s pussy for a few minutes before moving on to the next area and, after a few hours, he heard Francois tell Camille to come down as they had an important appointment and had to dress immediately. 

He lowered the scaffold and was about to call Jon over when Odile said that she would like to take Camille’s place for a while and joined him on the platform. He was about to object as Odile always got him very excited and could make him cum in a flash which he didn’t want to do until he was finished painting but she assured him that she would take her time and promised not to make him cum. He went back to work as Odile played with his crotch and was finished with the mural a few hours later. All he had to do now was coat the mural with a layer of varnish, after it was thoroughly dry, so he lowered the platform and took Odile’s hand and led her over to the couch where he sat down and asked her to please suck the cum out of his balls as he was so horny he couldn’t stand it any longer. 

Odile was only too happy to oblige and dropped to her knees and grasped his huge erection in her hand as she licked off some precum welling up out of his slit and, after licking her lips, covered his swollen crown with her mouth and began nursing on his head as she cupped his full balls in her hand. He gave himself up to her completely and then noticed Jon standing nearby and motioned him to come over. He reached out, opened the robe and took Jon’s formidable penis in his hand and guided it to his lips and began nursing on it just as Odile was doing to him and lost himself in the pleasures of the moment. It wasn’t long after Odile started deep throating his penis that he started to feel his orgasm approaching so he sucked deeply on the beautiful cock in his mouth hoping to draw some delicious cum from Jon before he unloaded his juices. 

Suddenly he felt Jon’s cock swell and start jerking in his mouth as hot cum splashed onto his tongue which set him off as well. His organ began shooting ropes of cum into Odile’s greedy mouth and she was swallowing load after load just as he was swallowing Jon’s delicious offering. After their orgasms abated, they rested for a few minutes on the couch before he got up and started preparing the varnish and brushes for the last stage. 

It only took him an hour to coat the mural and it was finally completed by late afternoon. As he and Odile were getting into their clothes, the Boulan’s walked in and Francois asked if he was finished. When he told him that it was ready, Francois told him that he had arranged a party for the following night to show off the mural to all of his close friends and he wanted JC and Odile to attend as he wanted to introduce them to his guests. JC accepted and Francois told them to come over at 8 pm as he would have a buffet table set up for dinner. They went back to Odile’s and had dinner and watched TV a while before heading for bed and some needed sleep since they knew they would need plenty of energy for Boulan’s party the next evening. 

They arrived at the chateau promptly at eight and were shown into the downstairs dressing room by the maid. They got out of their clothing and slipped on the robes provided to them and were shown into the mural room by the same maid. As they entered, they saw that the room was now completely furnished with couches, sofa chairs, lounges, etc. and there must have been over a hundred people sitting down and milling about all wearing robes. The Boulan’s were sitting on a large double chaise lounge which was on a large platform about a foot high in the center of the room. When Francoise saw them, he stood up and announced to the crowd that the guest of honor had arrived and everyone rose to their feet and applauded him as he walked with Odile to the center of the room. 

He heard many remarks from the crowd about how beautiful the mural was and when he reached the platform, Francois motioned them to come up so that everyone could see him and the applause continued for some time. He looked around at the crowd and noticed that all his previous models were in attendance and calling out to him in congratulations for a job well done. Then Francois quieted everyone and announced that he was making both Jean Claude and Odile the King and Queen of the party which means that their every wish must be obeyed under penalty of banishment from the Boulan “kingdom”. After saying that, he motioned them to recline on the lounge and declared the party officially started as he and Camille stepped down and joined the others. Soon after, a young, attractive couple stepped up on the platform and approached them saying that they thought the mural was fantastic and would like to show their appreciation for his work. 

They said that their names were Julia and Robert and have long been admirers of his paintings as they have seen his work hanging in the chateau. JC opened his robe as did Odile, and the young lady’s eyes opened wide as she saw the thick organ resting on his thigh. She dropped to her knees alongside the chair and ran her fingers over the rising shaft and his full, tight balls. Her companion, Robert, did the same next to Odile and let his fingers play in the folds of her labia while he licked and sucked on her erect nipples. JC and Odile surveyed the guests as they were being stimulated by the young couple and noticed that most of them were either copulating or being eaten and almost every seat in the room was occupied. He glanced over to his left and saw an extremely attractive couple sitting back on a large couch and playing with each other’s organs as they watched intently how he and Odile were being serviced. 

They looked to be in their 40’s and were beautifully built. She was a blonde with long, straight hair and bangs and had small, but beautifully shaped breasts with large nipples and large, brown rosettes around them. She had her legs splayed wide to give her companion full access to her crotch and he saw her moist, pink vaginal opening peeking out from between her petal-like labia as he played with her clit. Then he looked over at him and saw that his penis was resting on his thigh in a semi-erect state as she fondled it and it looked absolutely irresistible to him since it was very thick and of substantial length with a gorgeous large, sloped crown with a deep ridge around it and a prominent, deep slit at the tip. 

He looked up at the flat stomach and muscular chest as his eyes traveled up the sexy body. His face was manly handsome and when he looked into his eyes, he saw that he was looking directly at him and they locked eyes just as Julia deep throated his organ and caused them to glaze over slightly as he experienced the wonderful sensations she was giving him. The man smiled at him and mouthed, “We’re next” and he realized that they were waiting their turn so he gave him the ok sign and they smiled back. In fact, he couldn’t wait to have sex with both of them and turned to show Odile who was coming next although he couldn’t be sure she really saw them as her eyes were totally glazed over and her moans were getting louder as Robert snaked his tongue deep inside her and licked the walls of her passage. Julia was doing a magnificent job on his penis and he was high and horny and loving every minute of it. 

Suddenly, Julia pulled her mouth from his cock and got up and changed places with Robert. They didn’t waste any time getting to it and before I knew it Robert had taken my organ deep down his throat and was milking it beautifully and Julia had her lips fastened around Odile’s hard clit and already had her lifting her hips off the chair and groaning in ecstasy. Robert really knew how to suck a cock and had JC in another world as he hungrily sucked his throbbing organ. Then JC felt the rush and his penis exploded, shooting cum in spurt after spurt down Robert’s throat, who managed to gulp down each load as it spewed out. Then, as he slowly came down from Nirvana, he heard Odile cry out in orgasm as she wet Julia’s face with her juices and sank back down on the chair in exhaustion with a big smile on her face. 

They kept nursing on their organs for a while after their orgasms and after they pulled their mouths away, as they rested, the blonde couple came up on the platform and Robert and Julia introduced them as Monika and Eric, who happen to be their aunt and uncle from whom they learned everything. 

Eric looked at JC and asked him if his niece and nephew had done a good job on his cock and Monika asked Odile the same. JC told him that, if Robert had learned how to suck cock from him, that he couldn’t wait for the master to do the same and Odile complimented Monika the same way. Robert and Julia took their leave saying that they probably would be back before the evening was over and Eric dropped to his knees alongside the lounge chair and lightly ran his fingers over JC’s flaccid penis and balls as he told him to relax. He said that he knew he had just cum and wanted to let him relax and recuperate slowly as he worshipped his cock, balls and asshole sensuously until JC showed signs of life again. Monika had done the same with Odile and was lightly pulling on Odile’s labia petals as she ran her tongue over her erect nipples. 

JC relaxed and allowed Eric complete access to all areas of his crotch and his fingers were working magic on him already. His penis started to rise and the look on Eric’s face was pure joy as he began licking the shaft from the base up to the crown and marveling at its beauty. Monika stopped licking Odile for a moment to reach over and grasp JC’s shaft in her hand and offer the head to Eric for sucking. Then she went back to the delicious pussy and worked her tongue deep inside the wet hole as she licked the juices that were flowing down on her tongue. 

Eric’s mouth was sensational and he really was a master cocksucker like Robert had said because JC’s organ was fully erect and throbbing from what Eric was doing to him. Odile reached over and grasped his hand in hers as she looked at him with a rapturous expression on her face and ran her other hand through Julia’s beautiful blonde hair. JC was reaching that beautiful state where he was very hot but nowhere near cumming and he held Eric’s head in his hands as lifted his hips and fed him his thick cock to suck.

After experiencing the wonderful sensations of Eric’s mouth and tongue on his cock, balls and anus, JC wanted Eric’s gorgeous organ in his mouth and asked him to please change positions with him as he couldn’t wait to taste him. As Eric lay back with his legs splayed wide, JC got comfortable between his thighs and looked at the magnificent penis standing straight up before his eyes. He loved the thickness of the shaft and the smooth, sloping crown which was just begging to be sucked. After running his hands over the big, full ball sac, he leaned forward and ran the flat of his tongue over the tight sac and then took each big testicle in his mouth and gently sucked it while running his tongue back and forth over it. 

Eric seemed to particularly enjoy having his balls sucked because he started to moan and sensuously move his hips around. JC gave his beautiful balls the attention they deserved and then, with keen anticipation, trailed his tongue upwards to the base of the thick shaft. He licked it all around and slowly worked his way up to the absolutely irresistible crown where he saw a large drop of precum sitting in the slit and deftly picked it off with the tip of his tongue so that he could enjoy its flavor and then covered the entire crown with his lips and started nursing on it to get more of the delicious juice. Eric manufactured lots of precum, just like JC, so he was enjoying a nice quantity and kept sucking on the beautiful head to get more. 

While he nursed on the tasty cockhead, he glanced over and saw that Odile had her head buried in Monika’s crotch and was busily and happily sucking away so he realized that Monika must taste delicious also and couldn’t wait to be with her. He loved sucking Eric’s cock and started to take him deeper and deeper down his throat as Eric grasped Monika’s hand and moaned in ecstasy. JC started an up and down motion with his head and sucked firmly on the sexy penis as he grasped it in his hand and stroked it also. Then he heard a guttural sound as Eric thrust his hips into his face and started shooting gobs of delicious hot cum onto his waiting tongue. 

He loved the taste and swallowed each load as Eric’s penis fed him in spurt after spurt until his last spasm ended and he sank back down on the chair. JC didn’t want to stop sucking his delicious meat and finally withdrew his mouth after making sure he got every drop of cum out of him. Meanwhile, Monika had cum twice from Odile’s talented tongue but they had no idea as they were so involved with what they were doing. 

Odile lifted her head from between Monika’s thighs and asked JC to change places with her as she wanted to suck Eric’s beauty also and, although he was enjoying Eric’s still hard penis, he did want to taste Monika, so they switched places and he got comfortable between Monika’s sexy thighs and gazed at the gorgeous pussy and anus that was before him. Her labia were swollen and parted revealing her wet, pink hole and her clitoris was quite large and was fully erect and peeking out of the hood. Her puckered anus was very inviting also and the sight of her entire crotch framed by those gorgeous, sexy thighs was totally irresistible. He leaned forward and ran his tongue over her anus and slowly up to her pink hole and then in between her labia and up to her large, hard button. 

As his tongue traveled upwards, she lifted her hips to give him total access to her crotch and a sigh escaped her lips as she trailed her fingers through his hair and asked him to please suck on her clit for a while. He licked the organ and watched as it grew even larger and came out of its hood to receive his attention. He took it between his lips and sucked it like it was a miniature cock as he reached up and tweaked her erect nipples. She was moaning and thrashing her head from side to side as he sucked and Eric told him that she loved that and would be cumming very soon. As he nibbled on the hard button, he glanced up and saw Eric holding Odile’s head in his hands as he slowly fucked her hungry mouth. She, in turn, was sucking firmly on the thick penis while fondling his big balls and sliding a finger into his anus. 

He looked up at Monika and saw that she was looking at him with glazed eyes as she moaned and held his head in her hands. Then she cried out in passion as her orgasm struck and held his head tightly to her cunt as her spasms overcame her and she fed him her delicious juices. When her last spasm ended, he slid his tongue into her sopping wet passage and licked up the juices that were flowing down until he swallowed every drop and then lifted his head with satisfied smile on his face to find her looking down at him with just as big a grin. His cock was throbbing by now and he couldn’t wait to fuck her so he got up and fit the throbbing head to her wet hole and fed the head inside. As it popped in and her cunt closed around his prominent ridge holding his crown tight, she told him to feed it in slowly and tell her if he liked what she was doing to him. 

As he fed his thick shaft inside, he felt her cunt tighten around it and then relax so that she was essentially masturbating him as he fucked her and it felt marvelous. Her pussy was warm and wet and comfortable and her contractions around his penis were driving him up the wall as he got deep inside her. When his cock tip brushed against her cervix, she cried out and asked him to fuck her hard and fast as she was about to cum again. She held him by his hips and lifted her body into him to get as much of his cock as possible and then her cunt started milking his organ as she came and wet his penis shaft with her juices. That was all he needed to get him off and his penis began spewing hot jets of cum inside her grasping pussy as he experienced spasm after spasm of ecstasy until they finally ended and he lowered himself into her waiting arms to rest. 

Meanwhile, Eric was groaning as he held Odile’s head in his hands and fed his thick cock into her hungry mouth. He and Monika watched her sucking voraciously on the throbbing erection until Eric cried out that he was cumming and his penis erupted shooting ropes of cum into her mouth which she swallowed with glee and kept her lips around his cockhead until she got every drop of juice from his big balls. She held his crown in her mouth and rested her head on his thigh and looked up at JC and Monika with a twinkle in her eyes. The four of them decided to have something to eat as they were starved so they got up and headed for the buffet table on the other side of the room. As they walked there, they passed couples fucking and sucking on the couches, chairs and carpet and JC spotted an absolutely gorgeous redhead with a knockout body lying back on a couch being eaten by an older woman. 

Her eyes were glazed over and she was looking at them as they approached so, as they passed, he leaned down and whispered in her ear that he would like her to come up to the platform later, after they had finished eating, so that he could get to know her better and she nodded her head and smiled at him as she held the woman’s head to her cunt and moved her hips sensuously feeding various parts of her crotch to the woman’s greedy mouth.
