 Vicki was watching a boring TV soapy when the doorbell jingled.

She swung her long legs off the sofa and strolled to answer it. 

Swinging open the door, she saw her three new friends standing there. A smile lit up her beautiful face as she invited them in.

After they'd asked her what she'd been up to, she answered, "Being bored to tears with all these soapies. I'm going stir crazy."

The three friends looked at each other and smiled. Then they looked at Vicki and smiled at her.

"What? Apart from having a coffee and telling me what you three have been up to."

They sat on the lounge as Vicki handed them all a cup and Karen said "I remember that we were talking about your husband, and you thought he was a little inadequate!?"

"Oh yes" laughed Vicki, "But I married the big lug so I have to take the good with the bad I suppose, and I do love John."

Julie spoke up then. "You can have the good as well, Vicki. After all, you are only twenty two years old."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, we belong to an exclusive club, and that is all we are going to say."

"What sort of club is it?" asked Vicki.

Karen said that if any more was spoken about this club, it would be after she was a member. "Your husband has to be a member as well, and I'll let you into a little secret. John is a member."

"What?" exclaimed a bewildered Vicki?

"John has been invited to be a member for a month now, and he said he'd accept if you did."

"Did you invite him to?"

"No" answered Julie. "Men get invited by men. Usually there will be some businessmen who get to join without there wives. Senators and judges and the like."

"But when the people are young, like you and John," added Karen, "then you have to join as a couple."

"Please Vicki," her friends pleaded. "You won't be sorry."

Vicki thought about it for a while, and started to feel excited. It was almost a sexy feeling so she said she would join.

"That's wonderful!" her friends exclaimed. "We need gorgeous young women like you to join."

"Why is that?" asked Vicki, puzzled.

"Umm! We said we won't talk about it until you become a member" laughed Karen.

The three friends finished their coffee and thanked Vicki. Karen told her that her husband would be initiated this Friday night, and she would be initiated the following Friday night. And she was forbidden to speak of it to her husband.

Vicki asked why she couldn't accompany her husband to be initiated into the club. Karen said "That's not how the club works."

They waved goodbye to her at the door and left.

Vicki wondered what the club was for. She had a sexy feeling about it all as she thought about the secrecy.

When Friday came around, three guys came to the house to pick up John in a Mercedes. One of them told Vicki that she wasn't to stay up for her husband as he might be out all night.

As he followed her husband to the car, the man turned and smiled at Vicki. She had on a halter top and shorts. He seemed to appreciate what he saw.

Later, that night, Vicki thought of the man's look. It was a look as if he expected to see her again. He was a handsome man, not unlike her husband, and she felt a shiver of excitement run though her loins.

After she'd showered, she strolled, naked, into the bedroom. She looked at her reflection in the full length mirror. Her beautiful breasts jutted firmly and her narrow waist accentuated her curvaceous hips. Her lovely long legs rose up to an almost hairless sex, and as she looked, she felt a sensuous tingle in her clitoris.

Vicki frowned as she realized that she was thinking of the handsome man who had smiled at her.

She slipped on a satin robe and went to watch TV. She gave up after a while as she realized that she couldn't get that man's smile out of her mind. She turned off the TV and went up to the bedroom.

As she went up the stairs, she felt the sensuous tingle growing into a throb that was moistening her pussy. Turning off the lights, she threw of the robe, climbed into bed and tried to sleep.

It was no use. Her clitoris was aching with desire and her aching nipples were pouting stiffly against the sheet. The fingers of Vicki's right hand slid slowly down to her pussy. She'd never done it before, but now she knew she was going to masturbate.

As her middle finger found the swollen bud of her clitoris, her legs spread wide under the sheet. As the finger flicked back and forth over her clit, her other hand cupped a breast and thumbed the nipple.

It only took a few minutes of pleasuring before intense ecstasy raged through her pelvis, making her cry out. She rolled onto her side, feeling the wetness of her orgasm coating her love-lips.

Vicki felt extremely sexy and wanted a man to have her, but the orgasm had taken the edge off her desire for lust and so she fell asleep not long afterwards.

Vicki slept late into Saturday morning, and woke to the sounds of coffee making downstairs. She sat up in bed and reached for her robe. John must have come home after all, she thought.

She went down to find him sitting at the table with two coffees. "Hi," he said tiredly. "I knew I'd wake you, so I made you a coffee as well."

"Thanks," she said. Vicki almost asked her husband what had happened, but remembered that she had to refrain from questions for the rest of the week. It'll be a long week, she thought to herself.

Eventually Friday came around and Karen, Julie and Paige arrived five minutes after John had left for work. The three young women looked as excited as Vicki felt.

She invited them in and they sat around the lounge room. Vicki waited for them to say something, but it took almost a minute for them to speak. And when they did, it was a more controlled trio who were smiling at Vicki.

Karen asked, "Well, Vicki, are you ready for your big day? Or should I say big night?"

Vicki nodded excitedly and wondered what they would tell her.

Julie stated that they'd be going to a beautician later in the evening, but first they were taking Vicki to get a special dress for her first night.

The four young women chatted till lunch time and after a snack, they took Vicki to a special dress shop.

Vicki gazed around at all the beautiful gowns and exclaimed how lovely they were.

"Now you get to choose one," smiled Julie.

"But they are so expensive," said Vicki.

"The club pays for them, Vicki. You can have any dress in the shop."

Vicki already had her eye on a lovely satin gown with a silk top. She tried it on and it fit beautifully. "It fits like a second skin," she sighed.

Julie already had the club's card out and was paying for the gown. She smiled at Julie and said, "We'll go back to your apartment before you go to the beautician."

It was four o'clock pm, and Julie was made to have a shower, after which Paige took her to the beautician.

Whilst there, she had her hair done in a pony tail, which she had not had done before. She actually liked it. The beautician didn't use much makeup. She said Vicki was very beautiful and didn't need much makeup.

Paige drove Vicki back to the apartment. It was now seven pm and it was time to dress Vicki.

Karen made Vicki strip before handing her a pair of stay up stockings. Vicki slipped them on and Karen told her to put the dress on.

Vicki slipped the dress on and felt the silk caress her upper body as it hugged her gorgeous figure. Her breasts were held nicely by the bodice and her nipples stiffened as they pressed against the soft silk.

The satin skirt flowed down over her long legs and the lack of panties made her feel sexy and naked under the gown. Vicki felt a tingle start in her pelvis and climb to her stiff nipples.

Karen and the other two admired her beauty and said it was time to go to the club.

At her words, Vicki felt a tingle of excitement run through her body.

Half an hour later, the four young women exited a stretched limousine in a leafy, tree-lined street. Vicki looked up and saw a big old sandstone building with a huge portico and ornate doors.

Karen knocked and the doors swung open onto a carpeted foyer. The women went in, and Karen ushered them into a room off to the side. She closed the door and turned to Vicki.

She asked her a question. "Are you ready to join the club?"

Vicki answered that she was.

"Will you follow our rules and customs with sincerity and discretion?"

"Yes! I will."

"Then we are nearly ready for your initiation, Vicki."

Paige handed Karen a brown velvet mask which she placed over Vicki's head. She pulled her ponytail out the back of it and patted the mask down in the front of her ears so that Vicki was blind but could hear.

Vicki felt Karen unzip the back of her dress and push it off her shoulders. She felt other hands helping Karen remove the dress completely, letting it drop to the floor, where she stepped out of it. She also stepped out of her shoes.

Vicki's arms were pulled behind her and her wrists were bound together with silken rope as she heard a door open and shut.

She was left in silence for a moment as she heard some whispering. Then she was moved to another spot in the room.

Karen spoke to her stipulating that she must obey. "Spread your feet wide apart, Vicki."

She did so, spreading them about two feet apart. "Excellent" said Karen.

Vicki heard a slight slithering noise and wondered what was going on. She was standing here, completely nude, except for her stockings, and who knew what was going to happen to her. 

She felt a slight breeze stirring the soft down on her Venus mount and immediately felt sexy. She felt her nipples stiffening to a pout and realized she was partly aroused with the excitement of it all. A tingle throbbed softly in her clitoris and she felt a blush start on her cheeks.

Karen then told Vicki to kneel and to keep her knees wide apart.

Vicki lowered herself slowly and as her knees touched the floor, she felt something soft and warm brush her inner thighs and at the same time her sex came down on something warm and soft, yet stiff.

As it pressed against her love-lips, pressing them apart, she gasped, realizing what they had made her do. She was kneeling over a man. A naked man.

She stiffened for a minute, holding herself as high as she could, but it was no use. Her sex pressed down on the very aroused cock of this man who lay under her.

Vicki felt herself begin to quiver with excitement, yet she felt guilty. She knew this man wasn't her husband. His cock was much longer than John's. Her husbands cock was only six inches long, and what was pressing against her womanhood was obviously much longer than that.

She felt her body betraying her as she moistened. She moaned, but couldn't help herself. She pressed down and felt the huge cock push into her, opening her love for pleasuring.

Vicki pressed down slowly and was amazed at how long and thick the man's cock was. It stretched her open and penetrated deeper than her husband ever had. Much deeper.

After a moment she lifted up, pulling her cunt off the cock that was now slick with her juices. It was too long to pull right out, and Vicki drove down again.

She lifted up again and drove down again and again, fucking herself on this man's huge cock.

Pleasure took hold of her and she rocked up and down, crying out breathlessly as pleasure built towards orgasm. She cried out again and again until she came with a final sigh of pleasure.

She dropped her head and she heard clapping. Her friends were clapping her performance. And as they clapped, she felt the man's cock twitch inside of her.

Oh no, she thought. He's going to come. And then his cum erupted up into her cunt, tingling as it spurted hotly into her. Vicki tilted her head back and moaned softly as his juices mingled with hers.

As the clapping continued, she realized that there were a lot more people clapping her performance than just her friends. She felt nervous and wondered what was happening.

After about a minute, during which they let her stay impaled on the man's still hard cock, they helped her up and helped her into her dress. She slipped her shoes back on and she was led straight ahead.

She wondered where the wall of the room was, but then her friends stopped her and took off the blindfold. She gasped as she saw that the wall was folded back to open into a huge hall.

There were about a hundred people there. About eighty men and twenty women.

Vicki turned to Karen with a smile. "Oh dear" she laughed softly. "They watched me being fucked."

"Yes" laughed Karen. "Welcome to the club. Now go and mingle."

"But I'm all wet under this dress."

Vicki's eyes nearly popped when she replied, "That's okay. A lot of these guys like to fuck a hot buttered bun."

Paige led Vicki towards the thickest part of the crowd and introduced her to a lot of men.

After making small talk for about twenty minutes, a woman she hadn't met came to her and said she had to put the blindfold on.

She didn't think about it at first, but realized after the blindfold was fastened under her ponytail that some man must want her.

The woman led her to some stairs at the side of the room and led her up to a bedroom. She was made to undress and lie down on the bed and not remove the blindfold.

She did as she was told, and after a moment she felt the bed move under a weight as someone lay beside her. She gasped as a hand cupped her breast.

The man pressed against her and she felt his erection pressing against her thigh as he nuzzled her neck and then started sucking her nipples. First one then the other as his hand slid to her slippery pussy.

As his fingers brushed her sensitive clitoris she moaned, arching her pelvis against his hand. She gasped again, realizing that she was aroused.

The man rolled onto her, and she spread her legs to receive him, giving him access to her cunt. He drew down, placing the tip of his cock against her cunt and then thrust upwards, driving his cock deep into her love.

Vicki started moaning as he thrust in and out, pleasuring her as he pleasured his cock inside her love.

She was excited by this stranger fucking her and came quickly. The man was aware of this and thrust roughly into her and also came quickly, spurting more hot cum into her love.

As he withdrew and rolled from between her thighs, Vicki felt the other side of the mattress press down. Someone else was there. And sure enough, as the first stranger left the bed, the newcomer lay between her thighs and mounted her.

Vicki pleasured as the second man fucked her, but it took a while longer for her to come. After what seemed a long time, the man succeeded in giving her another orgasm and then he came with a gush of hot cum.

He rolled off her and left the room.

Vicki felt tired now, very surprised that three men had fucked her to orgasmic ecstasy. Her love was full of tingling semen and with a smile she fell asleep.

It was about an hour later when she awoke. She removed the blind fold and looked down at her swollen pussy lips. Her sex still tingled. As a matter of fact, her whole body tingled.

She shuddered and stretched luxuriously; amazed that she could enjoy so much fucking in such a short time. She rolled off the bed and donned her dress before walking back down the stairs.

She blushed a bit as she noticed many of the men gazing admiringly at her. She supposed she'd get used to it. Eventually.

Vicki found Karen and asked "Is John here?"

Karen answered that husbands were encouraged to stay away while their wives were at the club. And they were forbidden to attend the wives' initiation night and vice versa.

She said that there wasn't likely to be any jealousy, but it was better to keep a lid on it anyway. Also the club didn't exist outside these rooms. Nobody could speak about the club to anyone.

Vicki smiled and thought about her life before the club. She'd only ever been with her husband before. And now she'd been with three other men and she'd experienced ecstasy that she didn't know she could. And that first guy? Well his cock had touched her, and fucked her far deeper than her husband ever had, or could.

Vicki smiled as she looked at all the men in the room. "I wonder how many of them want me."

Karen chuckled and replied, "All of them. After all, you are the new girl. You are also the youngest and probably the most beautiful girl here."

Vicki smiled at her compliments and saw Paige heading towards her with the blindfold.

As Paige fastened the blindfold under Vicki's ponytail, she said "Lucky girl."

Vicki tingled all over as Paige led her towards the stairs.