 Part 1

We've talked at length about you joining the internet porn enthusiasts club and about the initiation necessary to get in. I've tried to prepare you for the most likely things that will occur. It will be an "anything goes" session for any of the male or female members to participate. You will be their play toy for the evening. 

I ask you again...”Are you sure??” You nod your head yes. I can see apprehension in you eyes, but also determination and excitement. I know about your fantasies about multiple lovers but I hope this won't be more then you bargained for. 

As we drive into the driveway, I ask you one last time. Your answer comes in the form of you getting out of the car and heading for the front door. 

As we walk across to porch, Jill who is a tall beautiful girl, opens the door. Without saying a word she motions us to follow her as she moves down the hall into the center of the house. Coming to a closed door she stops and turns around handing me a strip of silk and tells me to blindfold you and then come through the door. I gently put the blindfold over your eyes and tie it behind your head. I give you a quick kiss and lead you through the door. The smell of incense and candles overwhelms us as we proceed. 

About 10 steps into the room, I pull my hand away leaving you standing alone. Almost immediately you feel multiple hands moving up and down your body. The hands are rubbing and caressing every square inch of you. This creates so many feelings. You can feel your breasts being cupped and fondled and your nipples being twisted and manipulated. Hands are rubbing your shoulders making you relax. A hand is rubbing the front of skirt, slowly circling inward from your thighs while somebody is kneading the flesh of your ass. More hands are rubbing up and down your legs. You begin to feel buttons being unbuttoned and zippers unzipped as your clothes are removed. Soon you are standing naked and the non-stop movement of the hands never stops. One of your hands is placed on a hard cock, your fingers curled around it. Somebody starts rubbing a hand up and down the front of your pussy gradually moving more between your legs with each movement. The finger slipped into your slit easily as you are already very wet from all the stimulation. 

You feel hands pushing you down to the floor and you lay down on soft fluffy pillows. The hands continue to roam your body...becoming more and more aggressive. Your head is tilted to one side and a stiff cock is slid in your mouth. Your other hand is pulled in between another pair of legs and you feel a soft clean shaven pussy. Not sure about this you pull your hand away. Roughly your hand is pulled back and pushed firmly into the wet slippery pussy. 

The realization hits you now that you have no control over what happens to your body tonight. Panic starts to overcome you until you remember that I am here and won't let anyone hurt you. Your hand is pushed back and forth rubbing up and down the pussy of the girl kneeling beside you. Your legs are lifted up and spread apart and you feel a hard cock pressing at the mouth of your pussy. With one thrust he slides deep inside you and begins slow in and out movements. You feel another mouth licking and sucking and nibbling around your ass cheeks. You ass is lifted and another pillow is slid under you. The fucking continues. You feel the tongue working its way into your crack licking up and down from your pussy to your puckered asshole. The tongue starts swirling round and round your ass...occasionally poking in. In and out the cock fucks...in and out your ass is tongued. You stiffen as a huge orgasm takes over your body. Wave after wave hit you as the cock slides in and out of your mouth and in and out of your pussy. The extra pressure and movement sends both of them into their own orgasm and cum fills both your mouth and your pussy. 

You relax and both cocks slid out of their respective holes. Immediately your feel another cock replacing the first in your pussy and begin pounding in and out of you. Occasionally he slaps your ass as he thrusts in and out. Your head is again moved as you feel legs moving in on either side of your head and a pussy pushed down on your mouth. You're told to suck it. Tentatively you probe your tongue into the wet slit. You begin to lick and suck with more vigor as the cock in your pussy sends you higher and higher. Hands are rubbing your breasts and you feel a mouth sucking on first one nipple then the other. The cock is pounding in and out now...you can fell pussy juice running down your cheeks as you lick and suck and nibble her clit. She begins to move and wiggle as the beginnings of orgasm approach. The cock in your pussy fucks more urgently...pounding harder and harder. You can feel another orgasm coming on. Just as the other two begin to cum, your body tightens as you are wracked with pleasure. It seems to go on and on. The feeling is wonderful.



The Initiation Part 2

As everyone’s orgasms subside, you feel the cock slide out of your well fucked pussy and the girl sitting on your face moves away. You relax enjoying the break. 

Suddenly you feel you arms being pulled out to the side and pinned down and your legs being split apart and held down. Nothing happens for a few moments then you feel a quick hot sting on your stomach and smell the odor of a candle burning. Again, a quick sting and you feel a mouth kissing the wax away. Again and again more and more drips and more and more kisses. The drips move to your breasts and you begin to feel another candle and mouth moving up your legs. First a drip on one leg then the other with kisses and nibbles right behind. Up your legs they come and around and around your breasts getting closer and closer to your sensitive nipples. Drip...nibble and suck....drip...kiss and lick...Drip...nibble... Then you feel the first drop hit your nipple. The sensation is stimulating. Then you feel the hot wax hit around the sides of your pussy...followed by licking...then drips on your slit...wax licked away. Your clit is nibbled and wax is dripped.  

Just as the sensations start going away, you feel cold as an ice cube is rubbed on your breasts.  Drip...hot wax ...then cold of ice. You feel the cold of the ice as it makes a trail down your body, heading to your pussy. Sliding up and down your slit...then the cold slips into you. Then a tongue licking ..licking. The ice is melting and being licked. More wax drips on your breasts. More lips and tongues licking and sucking and nibbling. 

Somebody takes off the blindfold and you can see the owners of the lips, tongues and hands that are all over you. A pretty girl is kneeling between your legs peeling a banana. She gets it peeled and starts sliding it up and down your wet slippery slit. With one motions she slides it all the way into you and begins to lick and nibble the banana as it tries to slide out. 

A guy moves up to your face and sticks a cock between your lips. You feel the strange sensations as the banana is being eaten. Somebody starts nibbling on your nipples as the hard cock slides in and out of your mouth. You stiffen as wave after wave of orgasm overcomes you from so much stimulation. The cock in your mouth stiffens and dumps a load deep in your throat. You let it slide out and another guy strattles you and lays his cock between your breasts and begins to fuck them. You lick the tip as it comes close to your mouth before it slides back and disappears between your breasts. 

The banana is gone but she is stuffing your pussy full of strawberries now. You can feel as she stuffs one after the other into you. When it feels like you can't hold anymore you feel the licking and sucking start as she eats the strawberries one by one. 

The tit fuck is over as he slides up and shoots spurt after spurt of cum into your mouth. Your legs are lifted high in the air and you feel another tongue on your ass as the strawberries are being eaten. Around and around your ass, the tongue stabs in and out, then around and around. Your pussy is being licked and sucked. 

The guy licking your ass slides up so he is perpendicular to you and slides his cock into your now empty pussy. After sliding in and out a few times he pulls out and slips it into your tight ass. The girl resumes licking your pussy as he slides in and out...in and out. She has a couple fingers in your pussy as she licks your clit. Again you begin to cum and again the orgasm overwhelms you. The extra motion sends the cock in your ass over the edge and he dumps his load deep inside you. 

The girl who has been licking your pussy turns so you are 69ing...her pussy on top of your mouth as she continues to lick and stimulate your clit. You lick and nibble on her enjoying these new feelings that are being generated. Another cock replaces the other in your ass and begins to pound in and out. The girl sits up and presses her pussy on top of your mouth. You can't see but feel another cock pushing through your pussy lips trying to enter. He pushes in slowly due to the tightness. After a few moments you begin to get used to it and loosen up. Both cocks begin sliding in and out. The full feeling is wonderful. Your mouth is being smothered by the writhing pussy that is about to explode in your mouth. She is jumping all over as orgasm approaches. She begins to cum just as the 2 cocks also start squirting. This sends you into another wrenching orgasm. You almost pass out from the intensity. It seems like the sensations will never quit.

As quickly as it started, it ends. All of a sudden you realize you are alone. I move out of the shadows and hand you a robe. I must have had a questioning look on my face because you nod, indicating that you are feeling fine. 

“Did I pass?” You ask. 

I would say so but let’s go find out, and I guide you through the door into the next room where everyone is waiting.  The applause starts as soon as your face is visible in the doorway.