 (Readers should read Chapters 1 and 2 before proceeding to this final chapter in order to bring the story "full circle")

* * * * *

Reality then set in. We could not keep this pace up forever. As such, we began to get back into our routines of the house. And for a while, that was fine. Two more weeks had passed and Susan reminded us that both our mother's were coming for their annual visit. Still in their mid 50's both were divorced and quite attractive. Susan's mom, Sheri and my mom, Tina was on the way to the west coast as they usually vacationed together. Their divorces left them very well off so they take advantage of being able to travel whenever they want.

"I completely forgot they were coming," I said. "They will be here when we have to go to our next party at Chuck's house."

"Don't worry, they will be happy to be away from us after spending a few days together," my wife remarked. "I need to get back at Marie. She had me every which way. There was not a nerve she did not touch. If I don't get her, she will think she can have me anytime she wants. I want her to know that I too can play her game!"

Sheri and Tina arrived on the Saturday. Both looked great. Sheri, unlike her daughter was a striking blond, and quite well built. On her last visit, when we went to the beach, she did not go for the modest bathing suit look. Rather she opted for a striking red two-piece suit that accentuated her curves. Not as large on top as her daughter, nevertheless, she did have a great figure. My mom had matured well, with her hair streaked with gray. She too, had, if I may say so, a nice figure, although some rounding in the curves was evident.

After a two days of going out to dinner and the theatre, both moms begged out of our next evenings planned activity. We had planned to go to a movie, but Sheri and Tina said they were too tired and would just like to relax and perhaps rent a movie. We left the house, telling our mom's that we expected to be back around midnight as we were going to dinner and then the movie. 

Everything that could go wrong with our plans did. The restaurant was overcrowded with a private party, so we skipped dinner and went to a movie that turned out to be just terrible. We arrived home around 10 pm, and as we opened the front door, a sight before Susan and my eyes will always stick in my mind. When we entered our house we noticed the lights off in the family room, but the glow from the television was prominent. As we approached the closed door to the room there was a distinct noise of passion. We moved from that side entrance to the front side of the room where we peeked through the blinds as to what was going on. Since there were no other lights on in the house, we were not noticed. 

Showing on the television was the tape that Chuck gave to us as we left his house after our "membership meeting" at his house. Not only that, but both our mom's were stark naked and they were busy masturbating furiously. Susan and I wanted to leave but we were fixed as our mom's masturbated to our performance. Susan's mom was a natural blond who, like Susan, left the razor in the drawer. Her abundant pubic hair was glistening with the wetness caused by her touching her clitoris. Alternating between rubbing and pinching, along with placing a few fingers inside her cunt, made her oblivious to our being there. I tried not to look at my mom, but I too, was fixed on her actions. Her well-rounded curves were moving up and down on the couch as her nipples were so hard, they pointed heavenly. She had a small tuft of dark pubic hair that appeared on the top of her mound, but her slit was hairless. It appeared as thought there was a contest to see who was able to climax first. Fingers were moving in a blur. Nipples were being pinched; fingers were being inserted into each cunt. Moaning like there was no tomorrow, clearly the women were fixed on the images on the television. On the television, Marie was ravishing Susan. Her entire cunt was exposed with vibrators and clips attached to various erogenous zones. Susan was also servicing two men. 

"Oh my God," Sheri panted as she looked over to Tina who, too, was moaning. "I can't believe my own daughter was into such things. I can't believe the pleasure she is receiving." With that Sheri picked up the pace of frigging her cunt. "You, did you see the cock on my son and how it was teased until he came in gallons."? With that, Tina turned to face Sherri and gave her best friend a kiss that was more than just a hello kiss. Sheri responded in kind and then both of them became one. Fingers moved from their own cunts to each other. Sheri pushed Tina down on the couch and placed her mouth directly on Tina's center of pleasure. Tina had a few mild climaxes and then one massive one. Even though she was spent, Tina made sure to reciprocate. "You and your daughter do have something in common. The amount of hair on your cunts are the same. I got so horny seeing how thick her bush was, and knowing how thick your was, I knew I had to taste you." With that she began to eat and finger Sheri to one tremendous explosion. They quickly moved into a "69" position and for the next 10 minutes they feasted on each other. More climaxes came, and for us, we could not take our eyes off our moms. I did manage to move a finger under Susan's skirt and saw that her cunt was soaking wet. Susan stopped wearing panties, and her wetness moved from her cunt to her thighs. She did manage to see that my erection was making my pants act as a tent. Finally, the show ended with both moms shaking to what must have been there 4th or 5th explosion. They collapsed on the couch.

"You know that our kids have no idea that we love to make love to each other," said Tina. "Looking at this video made my cum even more explosive."

"I would love to have your son fuck me. It has been so long since I had a hard cock, and just looking at the tape drove me crazy," remarked Sheri. "Well, I have tasted blond for a while, I would love to taste that hairy cunt on your daughter," panted Tina. With that last remark, Susan and I turned to each other and without a word quietly moved back to the front door, opened it quietly and slammed it shut.

"We're home!" I yelled. We deliberately took our time putting our light jackets in the closet. "We are in the family room," yelled Tina. We made our way into the room, only to see our moms wearing robes and looking quite respectful. We told them that our plans changed and because of that we got here about 2 hours before we expected. "What did you guys watch on the television," Susan asked. "Oh, nothing special" Sheri said. We said our good nights and proceeded to our rooms.

The door hardly closed when Susan lifted her skirt and pushed my head to her cunt. It took all of two minutes of tonguing her hairy cunt to bring her to a shattering orgasm. She had to hold a pillow over her face as to not to scream as loud as she wanted to, fearing our parents would hear. She wasted no time in striping off my pants and impaled herself on my cock. For me, relief was quick. I exploded in my wife's cunt in about two minutes.

After we undressed, we discussed what we just observed. We had no idea that our moms were lovers, but the thought of what they said had us wanting more. We turned over and tried to sleep. Sleep did not come easily for us. In fact, I could not sleep, and left our bed to get something to drink in the kitchen. I guess someone else had that same idea in mind as I found Susan's mom sitting at the table. "You too," said Sheri. "Yup, could not sleep."

"Well I have been here for a while, I am going to try to get some sleep." With that Sheri got up to go back to her room. I was stopped in my tracks as Sheri wore such a thin nightshirt; it was obvious that she had neglected to put panties on. Her nipples were poking through her shirt. She passed me and was about to give me a good night peck, something she always did, when she abruptly whispered, "We saw you watching us. It turned us on even more." And with that, she reached for my cock as she let her nightdress fall to the floor.

"We really shouldn't be doing this."

"Don't worry. Your mom is making her way into your bedroom right now. She has a thing for very hairy cunts, and by what we had seen on the video, she would feast on my daughter's pussy. How long did it take her to get her bush to look like that? I thought she kept it shaved to a certain extent."

"It's along story that at this time, from what I see, we will not have the time to discuss." Her fingers were moving over my cock with a feathery touch. She must have paid attention to our video as she made me even harder. "Come into the family room so we can do his right." She grabbed my cock and led me to the couch where she pushed me down and then engulfed my cock with her mouth. "I will cum if you continue this way."

"You will not cum until I tell you to do so. I haven't had a cock in any of my holes for months." With that she impaled herself on my cock. Her thick bush was coated with her wetness. "Play with my tits, bite my nipples, make me beg!" I know I should not be doing this but the thought of my mother eating my wife was too much for my imagination. Here I was getting royally fucked by my mother-in-law. I knew that this was going to be a long night.

"How did you allow Marie, to play with you like that?" Tina had moved quickly to the side of the bed, removed her bedclothes and before my wife could answer, had three fingers up her cunt. My wife was startled into waking up. "Your mom and I knew you were watching us. After my divorce, I took a liking to women as well as men. Your mother knows how to please me better than any cock. I like to reciprocate as well. "Well," as Tina continued to thrust fingers up Susan's cunt and now, her asshole, "How did Marie control you like that?"

Susan's hips were moving up in down in response to the workings of Tina. "Right now, your husband is fucking your mother, so relax and enjoy. We have some time to ourselves. They will join us in a little while!" Tina played Susan's cunt like a maestro. She knew when to thrust quickly, when to touch lightly and when to stretch both her cunt and ass holes. "Tell me, or I will stop. You don't want me to stop do you? Well do you?"

"No, oh please not, don't stop! I am soaking wet and I love the way your fingers feel. Marie, oh..oh…oh..Marie had total control over me and I loved it. Please fuck me harder with your fingers, please I want to cum, Oh,,,,,,,Oh…. as Susan's hips were moving without thought. I let Marie do anything she wanted because it felt sooooooo gooood."

"As good as now?"

"No, now is better." That was the answer Tina was looking for. She spread Susan's legs apart and tied her hands to the bed frame. "If you thought Marie was good, you have not experienced anything like you will experience tonight." With that, Tina lit a candle and proceeded to allow the wax to drip on Susan's nipples. "Arghhhhhhhhh, oh fuck, that's hot. Oh…….please, no more." Tina applied just enough to cover the nipples and when the wax was still pliable attached clips to the ends of the nipples that were now held in place by the wax. Tina attached the clips to the headboard as well causing Susan to cry out in some pain as her tits were pushed upward. Tina then began to work her fingers into Susan's cunt and ass hole. Alternating between heavy and light touches, she had Susan's nerve endings frayed. Finally, she added to the pleasure by placing her tongue on her clit. Susan's hips went wild. The pain from the nipple clips and the pleasure from the tonguing had made Susan incoherent. "More, more, more tongue. Oh……it feels so good…. My nipples feel like they are going to burst. Please, I need to cum. Let me cum Susan howled. Finally, with the precision of an orchestra conductor, Tina, while flicking Susan's clit, reached her G spot and added some subtle pressure. Susan exploded. Not one, not twice, but in a series of uncontrollable wails. It was a hard cum, thoroughly exhausting and leaving Susan panting wanting for more. And more is what she received. Tina had to work her way through Susan's thick, unruly bush of jet-black cunt hair to find and separate her cunt lips. She then took her index finger and ran it over the outstretched lips. With nothing more than a feathery touch, making sure that she did not come in contact with Susan's engorged clit, she masterfully stroked the lips, ever so lightly, causing Susan to once again, move her hips up and down off the bed, while screaming in ecstasy at the sensations her husbands mom was causing. All the while Tina moved her own fingers over her swollen clit, causing minor explosions. Finally, Tina climbed on top of Susan and initiated some cunt-to-cunt movement. Tina was so close. Susan was so close, for what seemed like the 5th time tonight. Pelvis' thrusting, Tina rubbing her neatly shaved cunt over the coarse hair that covered Susan's cunt. The friction of the bush finally drove Tina over the edge, with Susan following. Their cries filled the entire house.

And although Bob was fully busy fucking Susan's mom from behind, the cries from upstairs startled both of them. "Your mom is so fucking good at bringing pleasure to your wife," Sheri panted as I continued to thrust into her cunt. "I know first hand just what your mom is capable off. There isn't one night when we travel that she doesn't get me off two or three times. She has an insatiable appetite for pussy. Oh….Oh….more, deeper please, fuck me harder….harder." I continued my assault on Susan's mom's cunt. I turned her back over, spread her legs and once again, shoved my cock into her cunt. Her tits were glistening with sweat, her nipples diamond hard, begging to be sucked. She took her own hands to her tits and rolled, pinched and teased her own nipples. Sensing that I could not last much longer, she moaned, "In my cunt, please in my cunt. I want your cum sprayed into my cunt, onto my bush. Oh…. I love cum, I love your hard cock." With that her legs locked as she thrust her pelvis once more. As she climaxed, and from the sounds emanating from the upstairs bedroom, I could not hold out as I too came. 

It took a while for us to realize what just happened. Once we did, no words were spoken, as we both knew that this evening would not soon be forgotten. The noise from the upstairs bedroom continued, as we made our way to see the incredible seen being played out in front of us. My mother was now eating my wife, as Susan was humping her face. Suddenly my mother turned to me and said, " I know it may be wrong, but it has been too long since I had a cock in my cunt. I saw what your cock can do, so please, no argument, just make me happy and stick that wonderful toy in my cunt while I get back to eating your wife." I had always had fantasies about my mom, ever since the day, I saw her getting out of the shower and running into her room. She did not know I was in the house so when I saw her that day, some 10 years ago, a young man's fantasy was created. I even spied on her from outside of her door which remained partially open. She spent the better part of an hour pleasing herself. "Common son, I know you want to fuck your mom. I have known that ever since you were spying on me some 10 years ago. Didn't think I knew. I knew what I was doing." My cock had a mind of its own and found its way into my mother's wet cunt. The three of us were now working as one, as my mom continued her oral assault on my wife and I had fulfilled one of my life long fantasies. Sheri, not wanting to be left out, decide that a little family fun was in order and proceeded to bring her mouth to her daughters distended nipples. 

My mother was certainly distracted by the way my cock was at first teasing her and then thrusting into her. She was not able to continue her oral administrations on my wife. "Oh God, your cock feels so fucking good, so fucking good" as she continued to scream with delight as my cock moved faster and faster. I pulled my mother off of my wife and onto the floor. As I did this, Susan's mom took pity on her tied up daughter and removed the ties from Susan's wrists and legs. 

"You are so beautiful and I am so horny, Susan's mom stated. "Then let me touch you, let me make love to you, right here, right now." Before Sheri could answer, Susan turned her mom around so they were now face-to-face. Susan took the initiative by starting to caress her mom's face, proceeded to her tits, and then sank a few fingers into the hairy, blond bush. Susan's mom tried to duplicate the effort and now both women were moaning uncontrollably, all the while moving their hips back and forth taking in as many fingers into their cunts as possible. Susan rolled her mother on her back and placed her cunt over her mom's. The sight of two of the hairiest cunts moving over each other was so hot. Both women were now announcing their impending orgasms. Susan's mom reach her pinnacle first, screaming all the while, as the bushes created a friction that was unlike anything each of them had ever felt before. Susan reacted the same way just over a minute later. After their orgasms subsided, the continued to softly stroke each other down from their lust.

My mom and I, at the same time, continued to fuck in every conceivable position. Finally, we ended up fucking with her impaling herself on my cock. Every up and down stroke fired another mini-orgasm. My own release was only a few seconds away, when my mom began to pinch her nipples signaling her cum. She was now shouting, "Oh yeah, oh yeah, please fuck me, fuck me more. I'm almost there, almost…." and then she came with a loud release which caused me to thrust one more time and deposit my cum inside my mom.

It did take us all a few minutes to calm down and assess just what took place. Without words, we all jumped on the bed and let the moment speak for itself. Few words were spoken. Light touches were the order of the day. But, I had the strange feeling that the next few days would be just as exciting.