 Janet walked into the Paris hotel, exhausted on the last day of a long work trip. It was Friday, and her flight home wasn't ‪until Sunday‬. So she would have some much needed downtime before the long transatlantic flight home to her husband Derek. 

She poured a glass of wine, started a bath in the huge tub and as she undressed, a black envelope slid under the door. She picked it up and opened it as she eased herself into the tub. It was an invitation to a party at one of the most exclusive private clubs in Paris. Janet had heard of it, but had never been there. 

The invitation was very brief, but very clear: "Masquerade ‪Saturday Night, 8 PM‬. Do not attend if you have any sexual inhibitions. Dress as you like, this invitation is your ticket for entry." 

Leaning back in the tub, Janet went back over the week's meetings, wondering whom she knew or had met in Paris that might have sent such an invite. She was used to being checked out by men at meetings and functions and this week had been no different. She had noticed several guys eyeing her, and remembered a few mildly flirty comments. But no one stood out in this regard.

As for inhibitions, Janet and Derek had a very active sex life, including several threesomes and trips to sex clubs. Nothing was "off the table", but always as a couple, never on her own. The more she thought about this party though, the more intriguing it sounded. And she really needed a stress reliever. 

Janet needed to get permission. She picked up her phone and texted Derek: "Opportunity presented here for fun and games, not sure yet but asking for the OK." The reply came back quickly, "Of course, but insist on detailed recap when u get back." 

Janet smiled to herself, took a sip of wine, slid one hand between her legs, and thought about where to find a mask for ‪tomorrow night‬. 

‪Saturday morning‬ Janet answered the door for room service. Her hotel robe hung open, showing off most of her impressive body, only a black thong on underneath. She enjoyed the awkward glances from the waiter as he set up breakfast, trying to hide the growing bulge in his pants. She sat back and rubbed her thumb around her nipple as the poor waiter, now sweating, finished setting up and hurried out. Just a little exhibitionism as warm up for tonight, she thought.

During a long afternoon walk through the city, Janet made her way to the high-end costume shop recommended by the concierge. She settled on a black silk mask with red stitching and feathers framing each side. 

Back at the hotel, Janet got dressed for the evening. A pair of black stiletto heels, a long body hugging red dress slit almost to the hip, and she decided on no panties. Standing in front of the mirror, she thrust out her hip to show off her leg, and sent a selfie to Derek. His reply: "Nice mask... slut." Smiling to herself, Janet grabbed the invitation and headed out. 

Her driver pulled up to the gated address on a side street downtown. The large door swung open and the car pulled into a large cobblestone courtyard. There was an entry with a tuxedoed doorman. Janet adjusted her mask and stepped out, showing the invitation as she walked inside. 

A short hallway opened into a large ballroom, full of masked partygoers. Servers walked around with trays of food and drinks. Janet snagged a glass of wine and joined a conversation with a small group. A young couple chatted her up and they broke off to a small sofa. 

The wife did most of the talking, and made it clear she and her husband were interested in more than talk. There was no exchanging of names, so for the evening they would just be "Wife" and "Husband". Janet had been in threesomes, but always as half of a couple, never as the third. As she was thinking about how to navigate this - what "ground rules" this couple might have, who should take the lead - the wife signaled an attendant. He came over and motioned for the three of them to follow. 

The wife gave Janet a look, asking the question without speaking. Janet answered with a nod and the three were led down a hallway past several closed doors. The attendant opened a door and showed the trio into a good sized bedroom, with a four post king bed, couch, and chair. He hung a Do Not Disturb sign as he closed the door on his way out. 

Husband and Wife clearly had done this before. Wife moved to Janet, running a hand along her leg up the slit in her dress as Husband got comfortable in the chair. Janet hopped up on the bed and lay back. Wife leaned forward and pushed Janet's dress up with a look of pleasant surprise at the lack of panties. Starting at the ankle, Wife ran her tongue slowly up Janet's leg. 

Janet was now totally at Wife's mercy. As Wife worked her mouth up Janet's leg her hands explored ahead, sliding up Janet's thighs to her now very wet crotch. Wife softly fingered her, continuing to lick up Janet's leg. Janet knew what was coming and Wife didn't disappoint. She slowly tongued Janet's pussy from top to bottom as Janet gripped the sheets and moaned. 

Husband, very hard now with cock in hand, moved in behind Wife who was still face down in Janet. He pushed up her short skirt and started to eat Wife from behind. Janet could feel Wife shudder as he pushed in his tongue. The threesome was fully engaged, Wife licking Janet while Husband devoured Wife's pussy, and then fucked her from behind. The two women came at the same time, but the night was far from over. 

Wife stripped off the rest of her clothes and led Husband to the couch. He sat down and she sat on his lap facing out, his cock pushing into her as she slowly slid up and down on him. Janet followed, kicking her dress off and getting to her knees in front of the couple. 

Janet pressed her tongue on Wife's hard nipple, working down her toned body to her pussy, then moving down over Husbands shaft as wife rocked up and down on him. She licked up and down across cock and pussy as the couple continued fucking. After a bit, Wife stood and laid Husband down on the couch, straddling his face. Janet moved to his wet exposed cock and took it fully into her mouth, sucking and licking as he slowly bucked his hips. 

Wife, still on husbands face, gave Janet a tug. Janet took her mouth off of him and moved up to get on top of his cock. Janet moaned as his cock slid into her, and she fucked him as he kept tonguing Wife from underneath. The two women rocked back and forth on both ends of him. There was a soft knock on the door. 

Without stopping, Wife gave a soft "come in." Two men and a woman slowly entered, one of the men explaining that the party was out of rooms. Janet, still riding Husband on the couch, motioned them to the bed. Wife and Janet watched the newcomers go at it for awhile. 

Getting up from Husbands face, Wife climbed on the bed with the new trio and joined in, running one hand along the naked woman's hip and stroking a cock with the other. Janet and Husband soon followed, wading into the now full on orgy. 

Janet was out of her mind with lust, seeking the closest cock or pussy with her mouth, switching off every few minutes. While Janet kept her mouth occupied, the other partygoers took care of her pussy and ass. She lost track of who was fucking and eating her; at one point she was giving a blowjob while being eaten and fucked. Janet had plenty of experience, but was never completely sexually overwhelmed like this, and it only made her crave more. After several waves of orgasms everyone collapsed into sleep. 

At dawn in the cab ride home, Janet had an idea. She called a special adult service she and Derek had used in the past for fun and games. It was the middle of the night back home, but she was able to arrange for two women to show up at the house and surprise Derek with "The Works". She couldn't wait to get home and swap stories.