 "That was intense," Taylor said. "But I felt so fucking sexy."

"You look it," Josh agreed. "And trust me, the benefits to your sex life are going to be amazing."

The two boys were leaving their morning yoga class, Taylor's first. Skin-tight tank tops and tights clung to their lean bodies. Taylor had had to borrow a pair from Esteban, which made them look even shorter on his calves than normal, and extremely alluring as a result. Flimsy flip-flops emphasized rather than concealed their feet. Substantial bulges filled the front of their tights, too; both boys would have been erect half the class if it hadn't been for a quick but satisfying sixty-nine right after they'd woken up.

"I can tell. I think I'm going to lay off the weights a bit and focus on yoga and swimming. And maybe some jogging with my roommate, because that's always such an exhibitionistic experience."

"We should go out to Haulover every weekend and run naked on the beach."

"I'm game."

"Not this weekend, though."

"You have plans?"

"I have plans-for you, yes."

"I like this," the swimmer grinned. "Does it also involve nakedness?"

"And kinkiness like you've never experienced."

"Fuck me!"

"Later today," Josh said dismissively. "I'm not going to tell you the details, though."

"I never realized I like taking stuff up my butt so much."

"Even some straight guys like it. You're just purely sexual. Any sexual stimulus plugged into you makes you hard, no matter what it is."

"That's true," Taylor admitted. "But I like it."

Josh's hand caressed his butt. "I like it, too."

They grabbed a quick bite to eat in their eye-catching yoga outfits and headed back to their dorm. Cassie was coming out of the elevator as they entered the lobby.

"Hi, boys! Wow, Taylor, you look incredible!" she exclaimed, devouring him with her stare.

"Thanks!" Taylor felt his cock tighten against his spandex at her obvious interest. "Not too concealing?"

"Hell, no! I can just make out your dickhead. The perfect amount of tease. You look like Steven Dehler. Or Ashley Parker Angel."

"Both very fuckable guys," Josh put in. "Are you trying to tell him he's fuckable?"

"He knows he's fuckable," Cassie said, licking her lips.

"How about we fuck, then?" Taylor said, loving her lack of inhibitions or shyness.

"I'm free this afternoon if you are!" Cassie offered immediately. Her eyes gleamed. "And I can think of a bunch of things I'd like to do with you...if you're feeling adventurous."

"Nothing gets me hotter than a hot girl with an adventurous mind," Taylor said. He picked her up under her arms and kissed her right there. She gasped in delight.

"Yeah, Josh said you were heteroromantic. Yay for me!"

"You're not wearing anything under that dress, are you?"

"I never am." Taylor took a quick glance around. Josh instinctively stepped between them and the line-of-sight of the RA on duty at the desk. The blonde ran one hand up Cassie's thigh, lifting the hem of her dress until her bare pussy was fully on show. He slipped a finger into it, massaging her until he felt her wetness begin to flow, then stuck it in her mouth, where she sucked it willingly.

"Now go to class tasting yourself," Taylor said, and pecked her on the forehead.

"Screw me sideways," Cassie said, shaking her head. "You boys are incredible."

"How's Alexa?" Josh asked.

"She's been playing distant all weekend. She can't avoid me in class today, though. So I'll see what's up with her."

"Good luck with that. If we can get her to loosen up..."

"She'll loosen," Cassie said, flexing her fingers. All three of them burst out laughing.

"She's fun," Taylor said as he and Josh went up in the elevator. "Wait-you have to dildo me today, too."

Josh shrugged. "I can do that this evening." A devious smile appeared on his face. "Actually that would work well. I could use some more time with Esteban. So you go hook up with Cassie and bring her back when you guys are done. I'm sure she and Esteban would like to watch me prepping you to lose your anal virginity."

Taylor slammed his roommate against the wall of the elevator and stripped his tank top off, making out with him. "Why do I feel like I want to fuck your brains out when you talk like that?"

"Because you're a jockwhore," Josh said, kissing him back. "Come on, let's save our energy for all the sex we're going to be having for the rest of the day."

This time, the boys sat next to one another in their first class. Their feet were bare, as usual; neither ever kept his sandals on during class. From time to time, Taylor would place one of his on Josh's, or Josh would do the same, a casual yet intimate gesture marking them as lovers to anyone who was watching.

As they parted, Taylor checked his phone and saw a text from Cassie. "Wear a hot speedo for me this afternoon!" it read. He half-smiled, letting his mind run over his collection. There was one he could think of that exemplified the jock stud, thanks largely to the efforts of a certain athletic Instaboy with whom Cassie would no doubt be familiar. It would drive her wild.

He had another class, then headed off to the pool for a quick swim. Taylor made a point of never wearing his speedo under his clothes unless there was a reason for him to do so. He'd strip fully in the locker room, showing that he was going commando, and then slip slowly into whatever minimal brief he was flaunting that day. After his swim, he reversed the process, staying nude while he dried his speedo and packed it away in his backpack. Today, he relished the discreet stares it got him more than ever before. Guys look, he knew. All the fuss over gay athletes in the locker room wasn't really about looking, because looking was a constant of the gym environment. It was about that fact that the presence of guys who were aware of and unashamed of their sexuality would bring that looking out into the open, make it explicit. And being explicit and honest about their desires was something few American men were comfortable doing. "Not me," Taylor muttered to himself, stuffing his shaved cock back into his boardshorts.

A few minutes later, he met up with Esteban for lunch. The wrestler greeted him with a broad smile, a strong hug-and a kiss full on the lips in the middle of the dining hall.

"People around here are going to lose track of all the girlfriends and boyfriends I'm juggling," Taylor joked as they sat down.

"Or they'll just think you have a lot of casual lovers, which means you're available for casual sex, which means they may volunteer themselves," Esteban suggested. "At least that's what I'm hoping will happen."

"You back on the market now?"

"One hundred percent." Their bare legs cradled each other under the table. "I sat down with my girlfriend-ex-girlfriend-at breakfast and wrapped things up."

"Painful?"

"Awkward. She was getting everything she wanted out of the relationship: occasional sex and the ability to say she had a boyfriend. Someone to take her places and serve as a bulwark against all the guys who would try to fuck her if she was single. So she wasn't happy about that. I had to end up asking her if she thought I should stay in the relationship just for her benefit when my needs weren't being fulfilled. She nearly said yes to that, but realized in time how stupid it sounded. So I'm a free agent again."

"Did she denigrate your needs by dismissing them as just sex?"

"Yep. She doesn't seem to realize that sex is an emotional need as well as a physical one."

"Welcome to the club," Taylor said. "I've never been happier than the past few days. I guess most people would be scared by coming out and jumping headfirst into debauchery, but for me, it's been pure joy."

"Don't get a girlfriend!" Esteban advised, and laughed. "Or the honeymoon won't last!"

"Oh, I want a girlfriend," Taylor said. "She's just got to be as much of a slut as I am. Equal opportunity fuckers."

"Yeah, Josh told me you guys are both against closed relationships. I think you're right."

"College is for learning, right? By the way, are you and Josh getting together this afternoon?"

"He asked me to stop by, yeah." Esteban winked. "Will you be joining us?"

"Oh, he didn't tell you, then."

"Tell me what?"

"I'm going to be bringing Cassie by. And Josh and I will be putting on a show for the two of you."

"Hot!" Esteban exclaimed. His grin widened. "Which means you're meeting up with Cassie first."

"Yep."

"And you're going hand her over to me with your cum leaking out of her pussy."

"Right again."

"Damn." The older boy sighed. "First fresh pussy in six months. I love cock and all, but I need variety in my life. I'm already hard just thinking about her."

Taylor daringly prodded at Esteban's crotch with his foot. "Yeah, I can feel it." The jocks burst out laughing, thereby making an obviously sexual gesture look like a joke or a dare to bystanders. "I guess you prefer going commando. Like we do."

"Totally. The way my shorts work my dick is incredible." Like Josh, Esteban favored tight shirts and shorts, in contrast to Taylor's swimmer-stud casualness. "Not to mention it makes it so much easier to get a quick blowjob."

"Weird question," Taylor said. "Well, weird for anyone else but us. Would you mind if I fucked your ex-girlfriend?"

Esteban's eyes widened. "Are you serious? Go for it!"

"The way I figure it, she's hot, she's going to need sex every so often, and you can tell me what things turn her on the most, so I can play right into her desires and make her beg me to make love to her."

"Fuck. I sure can. And I will. I'm a swinger at heart. You have no idea how many loads I blew in high school fantasizing about a wife who'd be completely flexible in our marriage. Then I moved on to dreaming about poly relationships."

"You came out young, I bet."

"Not really. I was sixteen. It was a good thing it improved my action with the guys, because the girls started staying away from me after that."

"That sucks. Josh and I should keep our eyes open. Recommend any likely prospects to your big cock."

Esteban actually blushed. "You guys are the best."

"I hope you're our RA next year. Speaking of which, I need to run over to the housing office and put in the paperwork for the room change."

"Cool. See you soon." Esteban stood up and gave him another parting kiss, then watched his ass in his boardies as he walked away.

Since all Taylor wanted was a transfer rather than a new assignment, he got it taken care of pretty quickly. He raced back to his new place, showered, and dressed for his date with Cassie. This time he broke out his nice short shorts again and a tight T-shirt. His legs looked magnificent, and for a minute he seriously considered stopping to cum all over them. But he had one more class to endure. After that, satiating him would be Cassie's job.

He got a text from her just as he settled into his seat. It read, "Meet me at the library when you're done." Taylor spent the next fifty minutes leaking into his speedo, enjoying the pressure on his bulge, and the thought of what Cassie was planning to do with it.

She was waiting for him in the lobby, casually dressed now in a spaghetti-strap tank and an extremely small pair of sweat shorts. The image that popped into Taylor's head when he saw her was that of a wide-eyed freshman sorority girl about to head off to her house for a night of slow kissing with her sisters. She was dressed for sex.

"Hi, beautiful," Taylor said, and kissed her right there. After so much action with guys the past two days, he relished the difference, the softness of her lips, the thinness of her figure. "What's up?"

"Your cock," Cassie said, and gripped his bugle, holding her body so that their sexual display was less obvious to the library's patrons. "Yeah, definitely up."

"Okay. How's your clit?"

"In need of your assistance. Let's go." She dragged him away down the corridor, towards a more distant part of the building, then darted sideways into the shelves and stopped, turning to face her lover.

"Fortunately, there's not many people around right now," she said, and casually unzipped Taylor's shorts.

"What if we get caught?" Taylor asked. The expression of eagerness on his face suggested that he didn't much care if they were.

"Why would we? As far as they know, we're just talking about a book. Preferably one that has a bunch of diagrams of sex positions in it, but your choice." She pulled down his speedo and let his erect shaft pop free.

"Definitely one with lots of sex positions. Or pictures of naked Greeks on vases doing it." The swimmer pulled her shorts aside, the same way he'd lifted her dress that morning. His finger teased her slit. "It blows me away how ready you are to get naked in public."

"It turns me on bad. Besides, shouldn't college students have sex on campus?"

"Absolutely." Taylor sighed. His head was wet and flaring and hot, and her fingers danced casually on it. His sensation of exposure, oddly enough, was heightened by his clothing. It focused all his attention-and the attention of any voyeur-on his cock. He'd become a mere background to his sex organ. And he loved it.

His own efforts were beginning to be rewarded. Cassie's pussy grew wetter and wetter from his fingers probing deeper and deeper into it. Taylor began teasing her clit with just the tip of his thumb, brushing it lightly at first, then massaging it gently. He curled his fingers, brushing her G-spot. Cassie's lips flared at that, and she tightened her grip on his prick. She was beginning to pant.

"I bet no one's made you cum yet today," Taylor said.

"If you make me cum I'm going to wet my shorts," Cassie gasped. "And that might draw attention."

"Tough luck. You're so sexy that you need to cum. You deserve it. It's what we're here for. Cum for me like you did when you were fucking my roommate and shoving your feet in his face."

"Oh, shit. Oh, shit..." Cassied moaned, her knees beginning to wobble. "Taylor, I'm going to..."

"Yes, you are. Right here in public. You're so wet for me. I love it." With his free hand, he grabbed his phone and took a picture of Cassie with the library shelves clearly visible behind her and his fingers lodged in her cunt. "And you look great in amateur porn, too."

That did it. Cassie grabbed the shelf and bit her lip, stifling her emotions enough that the only sound that escaped her was a long, groaning sigh. She squirted, staining the floor and soaking Taylor's hand. He pressed back into her, fucking her as deep as some of the smaller cocks she'd taken, half-holding her weight. Kicking a foot free of its sandal, he dipped his toe in the puddle of her girlcum and painted it onto her legs. Half-dazed, her eyes followed his motions greedily.

Taylor fed her cum back into her mouth, offering her his fingers to lick clean. She lapped at them eagerly before kissing the flavor into him in turn.

"I've got to try this," Taylor muttered, and took one step forward. His dick found Cassie's slit and breached it smoothly.

"Fuck. Go slow, big boy," Cassie gasped, letting the jock ease himself inside her. Taylor rolled his hips, moving almost imperceptibly, and made a series of short thrusts into Cassie. He could keep that motion up for a while. It felt superb on his inflamed ridge and cockhead, too. Again he thumbed Cassie's clit. She was trying to avoid crying out again; he'd noticed when Josh had her that she could be extremely vocal with a hard cock inside her pussy.

"Now we've fucked in the library," he winked at her.

"Ahh..." The girl tried to work herself farther onto him. "I want you so bad. I've got to have you all the way."

With one smooth thrust, Taylor bottomed out in her. Cassie sucked in her breath and held it. Very slowly, need and caution fighting one another in her face, she eased back off the swimmer's shaft. "Fuck. I need us to be even more daring. More slutty. Come on."

The third floor was nearly deserted. Taylor would have pulled Cassie back into the stacks, but she stopped him and sat down, looking at her phone.

"What are we waiting for?"

"They've got a rent-a-cop strolling around here every so often. I've timed it out."

"You've timed it out? You've been planning this for a while."

"I come up here every so often and make videos of myself," Cassie said, running a tempting tongue over her pink mouth. Taylor sat down opposite her.

"I can't keep from touching you," he said, and slid his toes under the leg of her shorts. His big toe slipped into her precum-wet folds without hesitation.

"You've learned well," Cassie sighed. She kicked off her sandals and spread her legs to give him better access. "Here, give me your other one."

"Okay," Taylor chuckled. She held up his foot, deliberately removed his remaining flip-flop, and kissed his sole several times. Then she put him aside and pulled her tank top down below her tits. As Taylor toe-fucked her, she began to tease her hard nipples with his sandal.

"You have absolutely no shame," Taylor said in awe.

"No," Cassie said. "I'd love to get into porn if there were a good studio in this country. But it's all so boring."

"Ours won't be."

"You want to?" Her face lit up.

"Do you have any idea how hard I am right now?"

"I hope hard enough to fuck the living shit out of me."

"Nailed it."

"Nail me instead."

"In a minute. Someone's coming," Taylor pointed out, seeing a figure in the distance. He reluctantly took his foot away from her crotch, and she covered herself back up. Both of them were on their phones when the security guard came by, and didn't get a second look from him. As soon as he disappeared, the two teens bolted for the shelves, Cassie in the lead.

"We've got about fifteen minutes," she panted, darting into a remote section. "Stop here." With the ease of practice, she propped her phone on a shelf and hit the timer. Taylor already had his shirt off. He shucked shorts and speedo in one move and lifted Cassie's tank over her head. A little wriggle of her hips sent her shorts to the floor, and she jumped out of them. Completely naked, they stepped into the view of the camera.

It was a fast fuck. No foreplay, no time for more than the briefest cocksucking or pussy licking. Taylor pounded Cassie with abandon, covering her mouth to stifle her cries. She came almost immediately from his smooth crotch grinding into hers, and again from the way his cockhead hit her spot. As for him, he was far too turned on by the forbidden nature of his actions and the lust of the girl who was taking his prick. All the waiting paid off, and he blew his load inside her. Gasping, sweaty, they broke apart. Cum dripped from her slit. Almost roughly, Taylor slid his fingers inside her, scooping out his cum. He drizzled it into his own mouth and bent to make out with her, rubbing the last of his seed on her tits. Hand in hand, they moved out of the frame of the video. Cassie had her clothes back on and was looking composed again in fifteen seconds flat.

"Nice speedo," she complimented Taylor, who was trying to fit his thick cock back into a simple but classic Adidas three-stripe brief. "Very, very hot. Totally reminds me of Tom Daley."

"He's not a swimmer, he's a diver! As he's always been at pains to remind the public," Taylor laughed. He finished dressing himself. "But he does look fucking amazing in Adidas. I thought you'd like that."

"It reminds me you're a true athlete. As if my sore pussy wasn't proof enough of that. I'd love to see you fuck the stuffing out of Tom in your matching speedos. He arches his back like a bottom."

"He's supposed to be very passionate and forceful in bed. Might take us both to satisfy him. After all, he's not getting any pussy in his marriage." They retrieved their backpacks and sandals and made their way out of the library.
