 This is a follow up to 

1 My Girlfriend Delivers 

and 

2 Waking Up was When It Started




My girlfriend Karen shares an apartment with her brother and unless you knew them you'd never take them for siblings. Kevin is all of 5-4 tall and weighs in at about 135 pounds. They did seem to get along well, really well I learned. 

So one Saturday afternoon I went over to their place but had completely forgotten that Karen had gone on an overnight bus trip with her cousin shopping at an outlet mall. Who could forget something like that? Kevin invited me to stay and watch football so it seemed like it was better than nothing. It turned out to be way better.

We were sitting on the couch, I had the foot rest up and Kevin reached over and began rubbing my neck. It felt good and after a while he said, "Scoot forward so I can sit behind you and do a better job."

So I eased forward and Kevin slid behind me with his legs on either side of me. It was very relaxing Kevin has a talent I thought. I also felt Kevin's boner pressing against my back about the time he put his arms around my chest. He ran his hands around my chest and down to my stomach. I responded by stroking his legs on either side of me then Kevin reached for the waistband of my pants and said, "If you're up for that sort of thing we can get you out of these britches have a lot of fun."

I hugged Kevin's legs close to mine and said, "I can feel you're up for it so let's get going."

I got to my feet and turned towards Kevin and he extended his hand so I could help him up. My being 6-2 tall and 225 pounds I took Kevin's hand and ducked down pulling him off the couch and up onto my shoulder. I patted him on the ass and he said, "Damn this is going to be fun big man, get me to my bedroom and quick."

I dumped Kevin on the bed and we both quickly got out of our clothes. Kevin reached out and took hold of my dick which was getting hard but I pushed him on the bed on his back and said, "You just wait on that."

Then I got down between his legs and went down on his stiff six inches. I was able to suck the length of Kevin's dick quickly. Kevin's legs were draped over my shoulders so to have some fun I pushed forward until he was upside down, balanced on his shoulders with his feet dangling over his head. 

Kevin was laughing while enjoying himself as I alternated sucking his cock and licking his balls. He was very receptive when I moistened my fingers and worked one then three into his little asshole. As I played with his ass I kept my lips locked onto the head of his dick and it wasn't too long before he shot his load. I held as much of the considerable output it in my mouth as I could and leaned forward to kiss Kevin and share his cum with him. 

Smiling, Kevin said, "OK Steve you've done your part now let me at that man meat, the waiting is killing me."

So I slid from between Kevin's legs and moved on top of him straddling his chest and moved up so my stiff dick was pointed right at his chin. Kevin kissed the head of my cock and said, "Oh this is just fabulous." He then wasted no time, taking the head of my cock in his mouth and working more between his lips. 

I was enjoying a fabulous blow job Kevin as did his best sword swallowing exhibition and deep throated my nine inches. I was content to just let Kevin do his thing but in the position we were in I said to him, "You're doing such a great job Kevin I don't even have to bother grabbing your ears and really fucking your face."

Kevin let my dick slip from his lips and said, "Don't worry Steve we can find plenty of chances to get to that fun. But right now you got to suck me off first so it's only fair you have to fuck my ass first."

I wasn't about to argue the logic of that so I replied, "If that's what you want, let's get your ass slicked up and do it."

Kevin quickly rolled off the bed returning with a tube of lubricant and a condom which he rolled onto my stiff dick. He then got on all fours in front of me and I quickly worked three well greased fingers into his ass. After that I put some more lube on my cock and lined myself up behind Kevin who turned his head saying, "I'm good to go, hit it."

So with a hold on his skinny hip with one hand I guided the head of my dick into Kevin's ass with the other. He gave out a bit of a screech but rocked back towards me so he obviously was having no problem. Holding his hips with both hands I slowly pushed forward and Kevin was easily and enjoyably taking inch by inch of my stiff cock in his tight little ass.

I was pushing about seven inches into Kevin's back door with no doubt he could take the last two and enjoy it when I heard a female voice next to us say, "Well if you boys have room for some hungry pussy I could use two men of action."

Kevin looked over and responded, "Oh hi Mandy, of course there's always room for some sweet pussy that's always hungry."

At the same time I paused briefly and turned my head to see Kevin's girlfriend Mandy who had already removed her top and was getting out of her pants. I didn't find any reason to object to her joining in.

Mandy is a brunette with a thick hour glass figure, 5-8 tall and 200 pounds and she's got it where it works for her, firm round tits, thick thighs and wide hips. She's a slightly wider version of Karen, which is maybe how Kevin found the attraction. 

Naked and damn fabulous, Mandy got on the bed and got herself in front of Kevin with her legs spread. He wasted no time going down on her while I continued to ream his ass now with the full nine inches. 

Finally the combination of fucking Kevin's tight little ass while watching Mandy play with her fat jugs as her boyfriend was eating her pussy caused me to cum. I held Kevin closely with my cock buried deep in his ass as I felt sweet release before pulling out.

After I came I could tell Kevin had concentration enough to keep eating Mandy so staying behind him I reached around to get his dick to full hardness. When he was stiff in my hand I moved over to get another condom. Kevin straightened up on his knees and gave me room to put it on him then he moved up between Mandy's thighs and slipped his dick right in her wet pussy. 

It was quite the sight, Kevin's slender body between Mandy's wide thighs almost as thick as Kevin's torso but they were a match. Kevin wasted no time before he was pounding his stiff six inches into Mandy's pussy and she was humping her fat butt off the bed at him. 

I moved next to Mandy and took the opportunity to suck on her fat round tits. What a sweet full pair, a little bigger than Karen's. Mandy reached between my legs to caress my balls in her right hand as Kevin continued to pump his dick into her. 

I had a mouthful of tit when Mandy whispered in my ear, "Oh Steve I just love big balls."

I turned my head to face her and replied, "Then feel free to enjoy."

At that point Mandy planted her feet and pushed up at Kevin and he sort of bounced off of her. A move they no doubt had done before because Kevin kept fucking her pussy. Mandy then swung her legs around either side of Kevin scissoring him tightly. A few seconds later he sighed and shot his load. 

Mandy released her grip on Kevin and pulled him up on top of her and they kissed as she hugged him tight. She squeezed his ass with both hands and said, "Got your little butt good and fucked there Kevin. It's probably a nice change for you to have a man banging your ass. It's a sweet piece of ass that's for sure. Now let me see what Steve's got to offer."

My dick was getting hard so I eased up so it was pointed at Mandy's cheek and said, "How's this?"

Mandy tilted her head and said, "Now there's a fine how do you do, let me have a taste of that puppy."

I eased forward and Mandy took the head of my cock between her lips. Mandy started sucking my dick while Kevin moved over to give some attention to her fabulous tits while being a thoughtful boyfriend fingering her pussy. 

As Mandy did a fantastic job sucking me off I reached down to rub Kevin's back. I guess Mandy and I were ready at about the same time because she released my cock and said, "Kevin, be a dear and help Steve with a condom, I've just got to fuck this nice big dick."

Eager to please, Kevin quickly was helping me out and I got between Mandy's awesome thighs with my cock aimed at her neatly trimmed bush. I slipped my dick into Mandy's pussy and quickly got down to it. Initially I was doing my best to tease Mandy and go slowly but she was pinching me between her thick thighs, a little trick she shares with Karen, and damn it feels so good. 

But I was concentrating and Mandy was stroking Kevin's dick with obvious results so I really got to pumping my dick into her. 

That's when Mandy said, "Steve would you mind pausing for a sec so Kevin can lube up your butt. It would be just dreamy to have him stick it in your ass while you fuck me."

"For that I can hold on Mandy" I replied and pausing with my cock halfway in Mandy's wet snatch I took a break so Kevin could work his magic in back of me.

After a few minutes Kevin slapped me on the ass and said, "How's that feel Steve, I think you're ready."

I just nodded and Kevin pushed his stiff dick into my ass. Once he was settled I smiled at Mandy, pushed farther into her and got back to fucking her. Kevin held onto my hips and matched my pace, pushing in and pulling back with me.

We had a well coordinated effort, Kevin was pushing his 6 inches in my ass, I was pumping all 9 inches into Mandy's greedy pussy and she was getting off with our combined weight forcing her big butt deep into the mattress. 

Finally the combination of sticking it to Mandy and Kevin pumping my ass was too much so I pushed deep into Mandy's pussy and came. I was strong enough to move Kevin as he kept at it and pull out but stayed between Mandy's thighs. 

Kevin showed real stamina though and continued fucking me good and hard, slamming his slender body against my ass. This pushed our weight down onto Mandy who even without a dick in her snatch got off on it, "Oh fuck hammer it in there Kevin, push Steve into me, damn it's awesome to have two of you nailing my ass into the mattress. I love it!" 

Finally Kevin had enough and pushed all the way and leaned in with all his weight on top of Mandy and me and came with a low deep moan. I laid down on top of Mandy with Kevin on my back and she said, "Fuck you boys are a fabulous tag team. Just tell me you both take a break and give it to me again."

Kevin spoke first, "You know I'm always ready to fuck you Mandy."

I looked the big horny brunette under me in the eyes and responded, "All I need is a chance to catch my breath and get something to drink and I'll be up to fuck."

With that we all rolled off the bed and Mandy said, "Ok how about a round of showers, some snacks and then back to the snatch."

So with that plan in an hour Mandy was the center of attention, sucking both Kevin and me off before we both fucked her two more times. It was incredible and made for quite the day.