 Beep! Beep! Beep! The annoying sound of Jeremy's alarm clock was loud enough to wake the dead, but it took Jeremy a couple minutes to rouse from his deep sleep. As he turned to shut off the alarm, Jeremy wondered why he had set the alarm to go off at 5:30 in the morning. 

As he sat on the edge of the bed trying to clear his head and think straight, his semi-erect dick started poking through his boxer shorts and quickly brought back the scenes of the previous night. 

* * * * *

Jeremy was barely inside his front door after a long day at the office when he heard the familiar sounds of two people fucking. The woman's moans were getting louder and louder as he walked down the hall to the living room. He entered the living room and saw two pornstars fucking like rabbits on the widescreen TV and his wife Erica on the couch her with legs spread wide and fingers furiously fucking her clit. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted back as she started bucking her hips into her hands desperately trying to orgasm.

Jeremy watched quietly as his wife started squirming on the couch, her screams drowning out those of the pornstars on the screen. His whole body was motionless with the exception of his growing cock, his eyes fixed on his beautiful wife of seven years in her self-induced state of ecstasy.

His mind was flooded with memories of their sexual escapades over the years. Erica was just as horny as any man and just as wild. Jeremy knew long ago he had landed a keeper in Erica. Her beauty was matched only by her talent in bed, as she knew every trick in the book to heighten their sexual pleasure. "If the guys who had stopped and stared at his wife over the years only knew about her sexual abilities," Jeremy thought to himself.

"Did you enjoy the show?"

Erica's voice quickly brought Jeremy back to reality and he looked at the couch where his wife had been masturbating to find it empty. He was about to turn and look behind him when a tug at the zipper on his dress pants made him look down. There was his wife, on her knees in front of him trying to fish out his hard cock. It wasn't too tough to find and the tip was quickly inside Erica's expert mouth.

Jeremy's moans were obvious signs of his approval as he closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensations of his wife's tongue on his prick. Just as quickly as they had started they stopped, and Jeremy looked down to see his wife looking up at him impatiently.

"Well did you?" Erica asked.

His eyes widened as he looked down at his wife. 

"Of course I did babe! I think that's pretty obvious," Jeremy said, gesturing towards his dick. Erica laughed.

"Well ya! But I just wanted you to say it!" his wife's excitement was very evident in her voice. Without warning she reached up and grabbed Jeremy's dick pulling it into her waiting mouth. Jeremy twitched as his wife's lips encircled his dick.

As Jeremy started to close his eyes again, he saw a gleam of white out of the corner of his eye and turned his head, trying not to interrupt his wife. He was able to see straight out the window and into his neighbor's house. He and his wife were in perfect view for watching eyes. He didn't see anyone, but wasn't in the mood to put on a show.

"Baby, can we take this upstairs? I think the neighbor might be watching."

"So? It's not like we haven't fucked in public before!" replied his wife in between licks of her husband's cock.

"I know honey, but right now I just want privacy," Jeremy said. He looked down at his wife waiting for a response. Erica was looking back up at him with a pouty look on her face. "Don't give me that look!" Jeremy said sternly.

"Aww, did I upset you?" Erica asked while trying to hold back a laugh. She quickly stood up, letting her hand trace up her husband's inner thigh to his dick. She wrapped around her hand around his cock and squeezed, pulling him down the hall by his cock. 

"Ouch!" Jeremy grunted as his wife took a kung fu grip of his dick. But Erica ignored him and just pulled him along like a dog on a leash, up to the couple's bedroom. As they entered Erica released her death grip on Jeremy, much to his delight. 

"Damn girl! That hurt!" Jeremy whined as he reached his hand down to massage his red prick. "You could have at least let me take off my pants! The zipper on my pants was tearing into me!"

Erica turned and quickly slapped his hand away. She dropped to her knees. 

"Don't worry, I'll make it better," Erica said with a sly grin on her face. Once again Jeremy felt his wife's lovely mouth working his cock. 

*****

Jeremy looked over at Erica who was sound asleep in bed. She was totally wiped out from the all night fuckfest and so was Jeremy. His thoughts were interrupted once again by his alarm clock which was going off again. "Shit!" Jeremy mumbled. He had a presentation at work at 11 o'clock and wasn't prepared at all. He had fucked all night instead of preparing for work. Jeremy leaped out of bed and ran to the bathroom to get in the shower. 

He was quickly lost in the warm water with thoughts of his presentation and the possibility of losing his job if he didn't wow everyone with his presentation. Jeremy quickly shampooed his hair and started soaping up his body. All of a sudden he felt an extra hand on his lower back and jumped up, nearly falling to the floor. 

"Sorry!" Erica said with a sympathetic look on her face. "I didn't mean to startle you!" 

"It's alright babe. I thought you were still asleep though," Jeremy said while continuing to scrub his body.

"Ha! Not after your alarm went off! It's so loud!" Erica responded. "Why are you up so early?"

"I have a huge presentation with a client today at 11 o'clock and I haven't done any work on it, because I planned on doing it last night. But you're sexy ass distracted me!" Jeremy said while giving his wife's ass a little slap. 

"Oh did it?" Erica said with a coy look on her face. "Well, if all goes well at work, I just might let you fuck my ass tonight," she said while turning away from him and rubbing her butt against his dick. 

"Oh," Jeremy moaned as he pictured fucking his wife's tight hole. He shook the thought out of his head and quickly rinsed off. "Then I better get to work!" he exclaimed as he stepped out of the shower and raced to get ready for work. 

"OK babe, I gotta run! I'll call you later and let you know when I'll be home!" Jeremy yelled as he put on his shoes. 

Erica was at the top of the steps wrapped in a towel. "Love you honey!" she called down. "Oh wait, I might be going shopping with Michelle from next door!"

"Well just don't spend all my hard-earned money!" Jeremy called back as he stepped out the door. 

He raced to work and got to his desk a little before 7 o'clock. He took a deep breath. "All right, let's do this," he said to himself as he dove into his presentation. 

*****

Erica turned back to her room as Jeremy shut the door. She went into her closet and took her time getting dressed, trying to fight her urge to go back to sleep. As she was putting on her clothes, her mind wandered back to the night before.

She and Jeremy had fucked over and over. She couldn't even remember how many times she came. 

"Oh, he fucks like he's 18 year old!" Erica thought to herself. She didn't know how many times her beau had come, but it never mattered, because he was always ready for the next round. 

She pictured his face all tense as he pounded away at her pussy. She just loved watching him as he fucked. He always tried to make it pleasurable for her — and boy was it ever! 

Erica returned to reality after her daydream and finished getting dressed. She padded her way downstairs to make something to eat. She flipped on the TV to watch the news while she made her breakfast. 

The coffee maker beeped as it turned off after brewing a fresh pot. Erica filled her cup and sat down to enjoy her eggs and toast with the morning news. 

She finished washing her dishes and was going to get the dirty laundry when the phone rang. She picked it up.

"Hello!?" 

"Hey Erica, this is Michelle!"

"Good morning Michelle, how are you?"

"I'm good! I was just calling to make sure we're still on for shopping today?"

"I was planning on it," Erica said. "Just come by here about 10 o'clock and we'll go."

"Sounds good, see you later!" Michelle said as she hung up the phone.

Erica hung up the phone and went back to the laundry.

*****

As Jeremy was furiously working on his presentation, there was knock on his door. "Come in!" Jeremy called without looking up. Jeremy's boss stepped in the door. 

"Finishing up the big presentation I see?" Ryan asked.

"Yep. Just checking it over now," Jeremy said, still not looking up from his work, which was not even close to being done.

"Good, good!" Ryan said. "Because you know how important it is?"

"That's why I'm going through it," Jeremy said, the sarcasm becoming evident to his boss.

"OK then, I'll leave you to it," Ryan said as he opened the door. "See you in a couple of hours."

Jeremy looked up at the clock. It read nine o'clock. "Fuck!" he muttered under his breath. 

*****

The doorbell chimed and Erica ran to the door to open it. There stood her neighbor Michelle.

"You ready to shop?" Michelle asked playfully.

"Hold on, I need to get my purse," replied Erica. She ran back to the kitchen and grabbed her purse. "OK, we can go!" 

They hopped in the car and headed for the local mall, making small talk along the way. They arrived at the mall and drove around the parking lot looking for a place to park. Erica parked the car and both women got out of the car and walked inside. 

"You need anything in particular?" Erica asked. 

Michelle was looking around the mall checking out the stores. "Nope, I was just going to walk around and see what catches my fancy," she said. 

"Sounds good to me," replied Erica. 

The two ladies walked side-by-side through the mall, drawing the attention of men all over the mall. Young, old and middle-aged, it didn't matter. Anyone with a dick noticed these two ladies walking through the mall. 

Both women were in the early 30's, but could easily pass for coeds. They were both in good shape and it was evident. They were similar in stature and body type. Both stood around 5'7'' with very petite frames. But it was their curves that the wandering eyes were focused on. Both ladies had firm breasts, with Erica's being slightly smaller than Michelle's. The only noticeable difference was hair color, Michelle's dark brown locks were strikingly opposite of the bleach blonde locks on Erica's head.

They popped in and out of different stores, doing more looking than buying. As the continued through the mall, Erica saw the Victoria's Secret store. 

She giggled, "I want to go in and get a little something with Jeremy's hard-earned money."

"I'm sure he won't mind," replied Michelle.

The two ladies entered the store and started looking around. Erica was a little more determined in her browsing as she really wanted to get something nice to surprise Jeremy tonight. But Michelle was very nonchalantly looking through the undergarments. 

"Don't you want a little something?" Erica asked.

Michelle looked up, "Who am I going to wear it for? Myself?" Michelle said quizzically. Erica knew Michelle was recently widowed — her husband had passed away without warning almost two years ago — but she thought that Michelle being the young attractive woman would have started dating again.

"I'm sorry," Erica said sheepishly. "I thought you might have started dating."

"Don't be sorry, it's fine. But no, I haven't been on a date since Kyle died," Michelle said. "I guess I'm still not ready to move on."

"We can leave then," Erica said. "I won't make you wait on me."

"Don't be silly! I'll help you pick out something sexy! I may not go on dates, but I still know what men like!" Michelle grinned.

Erica smiled, "Sounds like a plan!"

The two ladies sifted through the never-ending piles of lingerie for half-an-hour and had no luck. Erica threw up her hands in despair, tired of looking. Just as Erica was giving up, Michelle struck gold.

"Mmm, this is sexy!" she exclaimed.

"Let me see," Erica said as she turned to see what Michelle had found. She was holding up a sheer white thong and matching bra. "That does look sexy," Erica said as she took them from Michelle. "But both are too small!"

"That's the point!" Michelle exclaimed. "Now go try them on!" 

Erica decided to go with it and walked into the changing room. She swiftly removed her clothes and stood there naked staring at her body in the mirror. She smiled, very happy with the way she looked. She reached to the hook and grabbed the thong, slipping it on. It was definitely sheer as her pussy lips and little strip of pubic hair were in plain sight. But because the thong was too small, it pulled tight against her lips, making them stand out even more. Her eyes widened as she pictured Jeremy looking at her. Erica then put on the bra which did the same to her tits. The fabric was so tight she thought her nipples would rip the fabric if she became at all aroused. She stood there getting a good look at her outfit.

"Erica? How does it look?" Michelle asked from outside the room.

"You were right Michelle, this is sexy!" replied Erica. She turned to look over her shoulder and see her back and ass when the door opened.

"Well let me see if I still have taste!" Michelle said calmly as she stepped in the changing room. Erica froze, unsure of what to do. Despite her wildness and willingness to go all out sexually, being with a woman had never crossed her mind. And the close quarters with Michelle made Erica a bit uneasy. 

"Oh it looks good from behind!" Michelle said. She reached up to the strap of the bra and slid her hands to the outside towards Erica's tits. "Does it fit OK?"

As Michelle's hands touched the sides of Erica's breasts, a tingle shot through Erica's body and she could feel her nipples start to harden.

"Well turn around!" Michelle commanded as she gently turned Erica towards her. "Mmm, lucky Jeremy!" Michelle said as she gave Erica the once over. Erica's face was beat red as she stood there in front of Michelle, but it was as if Michelle didn't notice. Michelle left Erica to put her clothes back on. Erica came out a bit stunned but did her best to keep her composure.

"You're going to get it right?" Michelle asked.

"Yeah, I am," Erica stammered. She went up the register and paid for the garments. 

"Well, I'm ready to go home if you are," Michelle said. 

"OK," Erica said quietly as the two women left the mall and headed home. As they got in the car Erica glanced at the clock, it was half past 11. "I hope Jeremy's presentation is going well," Erica thought to herself. 

*****

It was 10:30 and Jeremy was working furiously, nearly done with his presentation when his boss Ryan poked his head in the door. 

"Well, you don't have to worry about that presentation anymore," Ryan said. 

A stunned Jeremy looked up, "What?" he said with an annoyed tone.

"Mr. Jones came down ill and has to reschedule for tomorrow," his boss replied. 

"So I guess you're done for the day then, just plan on presenting tomorrow at 11 o'clock."

Jeremy sat there stunned as his boss left. He had been working like a maniac the past few hours and now it didn't even matter. Then he realized how relieved he was not to have worry about the presentation, which was nearly completed. He could go to lunch, come back and finish the presentation, catch up on some other work and still go home early. 

*****

Erica was a little more relaxed on the drive home and quickly forgot about the encounter in the store as her and Michelle chit chatted during the drive home. They pulled into the driveway and got out of the car.

"Why don't you come have lunch with me Michelle?" Erica said. 

"I'd love to!" Michelle replied. 

The two women went inside and Erica set her bag down in the entryway and led her guest to the kitchen. They went to work in the kitchen preparing lunch sat down a little after noon. Erica was enjoying the conversation and was happy to be catching up with Michelle.

"So do you think Jeremy will like the outfit?" Michelle asked out of nowhere. 

The scene from the store entered Erica's mind and she became uneasy but did her best not to show it. 

"Yes I do, he'll love it!" Erica replied with fake enthusiasm. Michelle looked up.

"I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable at the store, I was a bit forward and wasn't even thinking when I did that," she said apologetically.

"I wasn't uncomfortable," Erica replied trying her best not to admit to her discomfort.

"Yes you were. That was obvious," Michelle said. 

"Yeah well, I'm very open sexually, but being in that situation with you made me really uneasy," Erica said.

"I think 'very open' is an understatement," Michelle said with a laugh.

"Pardon me?" a very shocked Erica replied. 

"You're performance yesterday kinda proves otherwise," Michelle said as Erica just sat there with her mouth hanging open, a mortified look on her face. Michelle snapped her fingers. "Hey, it's OK, I've seen two people going at it before!"

Erica sat there silent, not sure how to respond. She didn't mind strangers seeing her and Jeremy, but the thought of someone she knew stopping and watching them was very unnerving. 

"But I'd have to say, you two were better!" Michelle said. "I was quite turned on I'd have to admit." She reached a hand up and caressed Erica's cheek, "It's alright, you have nothing to be ashamed of. I know, I've seen!" 

Erica blushed at the compliment. She had never had someone comment on anything like that before. The two women finished their lunch in an uncomfortable silence. Erica stood up to take her dishes to the sink and Michelle followed. They both set their dishes on the counter and Erica turned to go back to the table, but Michelle was standing in her path looking back at her. 

Erica looked around Michelle, hinting that she wanted to sit back down. Michelle looked right at Erica then leaned in and kissed Erica on the lips. Not a peck, but not all out either. It was enough to elicit a moan from Erica, as Michelle's lips sent another tingle through Erica's body. They stood there looking at each other when Michelle reached out and took Erica's hand. Michelle turned and led them down the hall and upstairs to the bedroom. Erica followed, completely entranced by the situation.

The two women entered the bedroom and Michelle helped Erica onto the bed. Michelle lied down next to her and put an arm across Erica's waist. She leaned in and kissed Erica, this time using a little tongue. Erica showed no signs of uneasiness and kissed Michelle back, their tongues locked in a romantic dance.

Michelle gently pulled away from Erica's lips. They both opened their eyes and just stared, taking in the moment together. Michelle licked her lips as she stared at Erica. She slid over so she was on top of Erica and gently turned Erica's head sideways, revealing her waiting neck. 

Michelle slowly kissed Erica's neck. Up and down, side to side, Michelle's kisses were both passionate and tender. But soon the passion overtook her tenderness and Michelle kissing Erica's neck with no abandon. This drove Erica wild, as she felt Michelle's tongue trace along her neck to her ear lobe, sending that now familiar tingle throughout her body. Michelle went back and forth, kissing every inch of Erica's neck.

Without warning, Michelle pulled away and sat up while looking down at Erica. She quickly reached down and grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head, revealing her bright red bra-clasped breasts. Erica couldn't take her eyes off of the heaving tits in front of her. She watched intently as they rose and fell with each breath Michelle took. 
