 "Can I come live with you?" Taylor asked. He and Josh were doing free weights after their morning swim. Rachel had put them all through yoga before sending the teens off to the pool. Now she and Jason were doing a few laps while the boys took their turn with the weights.

Josh chuckled. "So soon? You must really like this lifestyle."

"I love it. I feel home for the first time."

"Okay, you can move in next year if you want to and we don't have anything else going on."

"Wait-are you serious?"

"Of course," Josh said. "There's no reason I should be living in the dorms since we're this close, and a Jeep like yours to drive back and forth would be cheaper than housing anyway. But my college fund pays for it, and my mom really wanted me to enjoy dorm life and its sexual possibilities for at least a year. I plan to move home after that, though. Really, why would I want to take dates back to a dorm room when we could be fucking our brains out in the hot tub?"

"Makes sense," Taylor grinned. "You guys have an amazing place for sex here. I'm guessing your mom set it all up that way."

"She sure did. So yeah, I'd love to share my bed with you for the rest of our college careers."

Taylor put down his weights and kissed his friend. "Why are you so good to me?"

"Because being around you makes me happy. I always wanted a twin brother I could share my body and life with freely. And you feel like that brother to me. Except that your dick is bigger than mine. Which I'm not complaining about."

"You're a brother any guy would be proud to have. Thanks for being mine." Their tongues fought for supremacy and Taylor's won.

"You know, next year is going to be really interesting."

"How?"

"Living our unashamed pan lives. Watching what happens if one of us invites someone to stay overnight and then casually tells him or her that our roommate sleeps in the same bed and will almost certainly want to make love to them as well."

"It'll weed out the ones who are afraid. Besides, they don't have to stay overnight."

"Yeah, waking up with you is amazing regardless of whether we have company."

"What I really want," Taylor said, nipping his friend's earlobe, "is to be able to wake up in the morning and see my girlfriend riding your dick."

"While my boyfriend sucks your cock," Josh contributed.

"And then I'd kiss you," Taylor finished, and suited the action to the words. Instead of forcing his tongue down Josh's throat, however, he pulled away at the last moment as Josh leaned into the kiss and dropped to his knees. He pressed his lips to the runner's feet over and over, showing genuine love in his task. Josh went from plump to erect in five seconds.

"I don't know how the boys on your team resisted you all those years."

"They weren't nearly as fun as you." Taylor straightened up and swirled his tongue around Josh's cocktip, playing with the boy's foreskin. "There were boys at school, though, who would have done this to me in a heartbeat." He smiled wistfully. "Especially Jeremy."

"Jeremy? Who's Jeremy?"

"Jeremy was my best friend in high school," Taylor explained slowly, interspersing his sentences with licks and kisses. "Actually I kind of miss him. We got caught up in other things this year and drifted apart. He's this adorable little blonde boy. I wouldn't call him a twink because he's fit as fuck, although in a way you might not notice at first. He's smart. He's at Yale studying business now. And he's the bravest guy I ever met until I met you. Being a gay kid in the midwest is still not easy. Especially for the flamboyant, and Jeremy was. Not by being feminine or prissy, if you get the idea, but by being so confident about his sexuality that it made everyone else seem wimps by comparison."

"And you were his protector," Josh said, his mind racing ahead of Taylor's narrative.

"At first, yeah, until he made it clear he was un-fuck-with-able," Taylor giggled. "Then we became friends. There was no storybook gay romance between us. The sweet boy didn't flip the jock. He never even made a pass at me, even when we were drunk or stoned. We just accepted each other and enjoyed being with each other. I loved his confidence, his fearlessness. And he loved that I not only respected but looked up to his idealism."

"You wanted to be like Jeremy," Josh exclaimed in sudden realization. "That's why you're on your knees in front of me. You're in pursuit of two different ideals: freedom, and your hero. And you're wishing you'd had the courage to do this to him when you had the chance-and you're training to make it up to him in the future."

"Yeah," Taylor said, and leaned forward. With a single smooth movement he swallowed Josh's shaft to the base.

"He would be so proud of you right now." Josh closed his eyes and enjoyed the blowjob. The swimmerboy's breath control was coming in handy as he deepthroated his roommate. So too were his strong fingers, which gently kneaded Josh's balls. They made the runner's nuts ache deliciously.

"Cocks down, boys," Rachel called, climbing out of the pool. "Jason and I need to run into the office for a few hours, and I think you'd rather play there than here. Save those loads."

"What?" Taylor said in astonishment, pulling off her son's dick. "You'd let us have sex in your office?"

Rachel shrugged. "Jason and I do it all the time during the workday. Why wouldn't I want you to do it there on the weekend? We'll be the only ones there anyway."

"I fucking love you guys!" Taylor screamed, leaping straight up in the air in his excitement. Rachel laughed and grabbed a towel. Jason came strutting across to them, an anticipatory glint in his eye.

"Hey, Taylor. Come here for a sec." He grasped the blonde by his semi-hardon and led him off towards the small lawn off to the side of the pool.

"What's up?"

"Josh has been telling me about your swimmer kink."

"Has he?" Taylor rubbed his stiffening dick brazenly against Jason's body.

"Yeah. I think it's hot. Used to do it with a college boyfriend. And we'd make out while doing it. Ever done that before?"

"Not yet."

"Wanna try it?"

"Is that why you were giving me all those iced coffees this morning?"

"You're a smart kid."

"You're a sexy bastard." Taylor squatted enough to frot his cock against Jason's. Both turgid pieces of meat were being squeezed between their eight-pack abs. "Good thing you asked me, because if I hadn't been distracted by Josh's dick, I'd already have hopped in the pool."

"That would have been a waste. Thankfully Josh is very distracting." The smaller jock pulled his boy in for a kiss. Both of them were straining to control themselves. Piss dripped from their near-erections at first, then fountained upward as the joy of release swept over them, coating both of them in one another's heat. They must have been holding it for a while. It took nearly a minute for them to finish, and the kiss went on for longer.

"Fucking incredible," Taylor gasped. "Jason...thank you..."

"No problem, stud," Jason smiled. "It's good to share your kinks, isn't it?" Now come on, let's get showered."

The outdoor shower was not only heated but had a special attachment to make a boy's bottoming life much easier. They took turns using it on each other, getting their asses ready for the day. It was a new and perversely thrilling experience for Taylor. Josh had taught him to prep, but that couldn't compare to the sensation of being filled and then told to hold it with his sphincter muscles. His cock was half-hard and drooling the entire time.

"Fuck, I can't believe this is turning me on," he groaned.

"Why shouldn't it?" Josh asked. "There's a huge amount of pressure on your prostate right now. Any normal male is going to respond with a boner."

"With the right type of inflatable butt plug," Jason said, having just come back from the house, "I could probably make you cum six or eight times in a row without ever touching your cock. And each load would be as big as the one before."

"No way."

"I've seen him do it," Josh confirmed. "He's done it to me."

"But he's a bottom."

"And we're vers. We have bottom genes." Josh slapped Taylor's ass approvingly and the blonde jumped. His roommate grabbed his dick and began stroking it.

"Calm down, boy."

"You're not making it easy," Taylor gasped.

"Calm down, boy," Josh repeated, before he bent over and tongued Taylor's nipple prior to catching it between his teeth.

"Fuck!" Taylor screamed, and pulled free, teetering towards the house, his erection at full mast. Jason couldn't help laughing.

"I hope he doesn't cum from letting it out."

He didn't, and the boys finished washing each other without incident. Afterwards, the freshmen slid their shorts and shirts back on, along with their Havaianas. Josh wiggled his toes at Taylor.

"Wanna try something else fun?"

"Always," the blonde grinned. "What did you have in mind this time?"

"Lie down," Josh instructed, suiting his own action to the words.

"Right here?"

"Why not? It's where you would seduce the pizza boy if he showed up." They were in the entryway, blocking the front door. Taylor shrugged and started to lie down next to Josh. "No, the other way."

"Oh, like this." Taylor went head-to-toe with his friend without hesitation and grabbed a foot. "I have to admit, sucking your toes while we're fully dressed is pretty hot."

"It is, and it feels great, but it's not what I had in mind. Pop your shorts open." The swimmer did so, and his erection sprang out. Josh moved his foot and caught Taylor's cock between his sole and his sandal, using the two to grip the jock's meat like a pair of feet or hands. He started jerking Taylor off.

"How the fuck do you come up with this stuff?" The combined feel of rubber and skin on his shaft was driving Taylor crazy. The instant Josh unzipped, he had his swimmer sole pressing against the teen's prick. He discovered that if he clenched his toes, he could trap Josh's manhood tight against his foot, and if he flexed them, he could loosen it, and if he alternated, he could slap it back and forth. This was something he would never have thought to do. But it felt great and the deviance of it doubled the turnon.

"Hey, sex is my favorite hobby. I spend a lot of time thinking about it," Josh protested. Both of them were actively humping each other's foot.

"You boys are sluts," Rachel said, stepping over them. She was wearing nothing but a lightweight, elegant sundress, giving them an excellent view of the smoothness between her legs. Both teens shivered.

"Slut is what you call someone who's getting the sex you wish you were getting," Josh retorted. "You taught me that, mom."

"Shut up and suck me." Rachel slipped a foot into his open mouth and began toe-fucking him. Taylor was impressed with how much of her Josh could swallow. His erection throbbed even harder against his roommate's foot. Watching him worship his mom's toes made his balls tighten.

Josh felt his lover's arousal and reacted by spitting Rachel's foot out. "How about I shut up and fuck you instead?" In a sweeping move, he sat up and pulled his mom down with him, letting go of Taylor and pushing her onto her butt, her legs over his shoulders. A quick jerk cleared her sundress away an instant before Josh plunged his cocktip into her pussy and held it there. He stared into her eyes, transfixed by the expression of genuine shock on her face.

None of them moved for a full minute.

"You two are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," Taylor whispered at last.

Very gently, Josh leaned forward and kissed his mom on the forehead. A slow, easy motion of his hips pulled his cock from her. He helped her to her feet and replaced her dress. She in turn carefully placed his cock back in his shorts and zipped him up. 

"I love you, mom," Josh said. The air around them was still electric.

"I love you, Josh. You've become such a wonderful man."

"And I caught it all for posterity," said Jason's voice. "Put that dick away, Taylor, or someone's gonna suck it."

"Damn," Taylor said, struggling to corral his prick comfortably. Jason had put on a form-fitting button-down shirt with a bow tie, nicely-fitting khaki shorts, and dress loafers. He epitomized the sexy preppy boy.

"I know," Josh agreed, turning and sauntering over to his mom's boyfriend. He planted a kiss right on the older stud while humping him. Jason tweaked his nipples through his shirt. "Did you really get a pic of us like that?"

"I sure did. And it's pretty erection-inducing."

"Let's get going," Rachel said. "You can jerk off to yourself later. Taylor, would you mind driving?"

"I'd love to," Taylor said, leading the way out the door. Josh and Jason ended up conveniently close together in the small backseat of the Jeep for the fondling they immediately started. Rachel had no sooner climbed in than she kicked off her flip-flops. Taylor sighed and backed out of the drive, watching her punch the address into her phone. He decided to tease her and put his left foot up on his knee. She doubled down on him and started licking it.

"You guys can make anything sexual," Taylor said, trying to focus on his driving and ignore the spreading precum stains on his crotch. Rachel took pity on his arousal and let up on him for the last half of the ten-minute drive.

Her offices were closer to the city center, near the court complex. They were on the first floor of a nondescript three-story building. Inside, the furniture was plain and the blinds were down, and it had the stillness that comes only to a well-insulated workspace totally devoid of its usual commotion. Rachel turned on some of the lights and locked the door behind them.

"This may take an hour or two. Have fun. Don't make any messes that will result in awkward questions." She winked at the boys and disappeared into her private office, followed by Jason, heavily boned in his shorts.

"Wow," Taylor said. "We're not only going to have sex in a law office, but your mom is encouraging it. Damn."

"She's great," Josh smiled. "I can love so easily because she showed me how to. She's a good role model."

"A lawyer who makes love to her son while shotgunning hits into her son's roommate who's being fondled by her boyfriend. Not most people's choice for a role model, surprisingly."

"Their loss. Judge by results and look at how I turned out. Besides, admit it. The fact that she's a civil rights lawyer who constantly breaks unjust laws turns you on."

"Big time."

"I know. It turns me on too."

Taylor was looking around at the decor. On one wall hung a poster of the Fathers Berrigan, with a quote underneath: "A decent society should no more have an abortion clinic than the Pentagon." From another wall, Lord Byron stared lustily into the distance in a reproduction of the Richard Westall portrait. The text at the bottom was a stanza from Childe Harold:

"Yet, let us ponder boldly-'tis a base

Abandonment of reason, to resign

Our right of thought-our last and only place

Of refuge; this at least, shall still be mine:

Though, from our birth, the faculty divine

Is charmed and tortured-cabin'd, cribb'd, confined,

And bred in darkness, lest the truth should shine

Too brightly, in the unprepared mind,

The beam pours in, for time and skill will couch the blind."

"Your mom is a radical of the old school," Taylor said.

"A school so old it's still new," Josh clarified. "Are you imagining how many cocks those lips sucked?"

"Oh yeah. We've all read the stories about what British boarding schools are like."

"And not just on Nifty." The runner chuckled at a memory. "I remember reading Christopher Hitchens's memoir years ago just to see what he said about his sex life at school."

"Was it everything Byron's was?"

"If you mean rampant homoeroticism, BDSM, orgies, and boys writing love poems to each other, then yes."

"So Byron would approve of us doing this," Taylor remarked as he stripped Josh out of his shirt.

"Totally." The shorter boy dropped his own shorts, then grabbed his friend's and dragged them down with him in the process of swallowing Taylor's erection.

It hit Taylor like a blow that he was standing naked in a law office with his naked roommate deepthroating him. "Oh, shit, Josh, I can't hold it. Fuck..." Three of the hottest people he'd ever met had spent the morning torturing his cock in the best way possible. He had to cum, and he did, nearly drowning Josh. His dick tried to thrash in the other jock's mouth with its need. His load simply drained out of him. And when he thought he was finally done cumming, Josh pressed a finger to a spot on his perineum and Taylor had to fight to keep from screaming as more jizz leaked from his dicktip.

"Damn," Josh coughed. "Pure testosterone." He stood up and swapped cum-spit with Taylor for a minute. Then it was the blonde's turn to go down on him. It took all of thirty seconds for him to explode.

"Okay, now we can relax and take our time," Taylor said. "Wow, though."

"I've noticed you cum harder when we're in public."

"I used to go out in the woods during the summer and slip my dick out of my speedo and shoot all over my body. Then I left my cum on to dry and wore it the rest of the day. And I noticed I always shot farther on my torso outdoors than indoors."

"You were born to be an exhibitionist," Josh agreed. Hand in hand, they sauntered naked through the office, their cocks bobbing ahead of them, enjoying the experience.

"We should take some pics," Taylor suggested. He ran back to grab his phone and propped it up on a chair before darting back to Josh. "Here, take my hand. Make sure to show your sole."

"I've trained you well," Josh smirked. "And flex my butt?"

"Always." They waited a few seconds, and Taylor turned and scrolled through the pics. "Nailed it!" The lighting in the office made their golden bodies stand out brilliantly against the gray furniture and cabinets and carpet. Every muscle on their shaved bodies was defined. And the homoerotic handclasp multiplied the power of their nudity. Their semi-erections pulled their balls up enough that nothing questionable was visible in the shot.

"That's perfect," Josh agreed, licking his lips. "I'd fuck us."

"Me too." Taylor airdropped the pic to him and started tapping away on his phone. "How am I doing on hashtags?" He held it out for Josh's inspection. The other boy read: #miami #florida #miamiboys #floridaboys #nakedinpublic #nakedisnatural #nakedisnormal #nudists #nudism #bromance #friendswithbenefits #pansexual #pansexualpride #polyamorous #bisexual #bisexualpride #instagay #instaboy #instabi #gaymiami #barefootmale #barefootinpublic #malefeet #malefootfetish #swimmer #runner

"Perfect. Guys are going to be drooling."

"Hopefully girls, too."

"Here's a tip: you can actually meet some really fun girls on Grindr."

"On Grindr? Are you serious?"

"Absolutely. Especially here and in New York and New England, where there are girls who know that bi and pan guys usually make much better lovers and actively pursue them. And they have to do so using the gay side because gay life has a much more established hookup culture."

"I'll try it if Instagram turns out to be too guy-slanted. I think I may be getting a lot of that response because all my hot pics with someone else are with you."

"We'll get some at Haulover later with my mom and Cassie."

"So Cassie and Esteban are coming?"

"Yeah, but they can't come over tonight. Cassie has homework and Esteban's on duty."

"You know, given your proclivities," Taylor said, putting his phone down, "I'm surprised you never sought out and seduced your dad."

"Believe me, I thought about it," Josh nodded. "But when I looked him up, I found he's no longer attractive and he shows no sign of having homoerotic leanings. I must get all my queerness from my mom."
