 My name is Easton, and a short time ago I discovered a hidden world inside the Cheslea Inn hotel chain. I found out that members of a private, non-exclusive sex club meet up just after the bar closes each night. One night a beautiful woman picked me up for anonymous sex and introduced me to what was known as The Inn Club. 

-----

On this particular trip I found myself on business in the Seattle area. A Cheslea Retreat was my location of choice in that area and I had been there several times before joining the Club. Scheduled to be in town for three nights, upon arrival at the hotel I found myself suddenly exhausted and planned to sleep for a couple hours before heading down to the lounge. I arose in the morning slightly perturbed with myself for having missed the evening, but well rested for the day's activities.

After a day full of driving around town for customer meetings I was looking forward to unwinding and to finding out if any Club members were at the Seattle Retreat. I enjoyed a good meal at the restaurant next door, then took a nap and set my alarm for ten thirty pm. I awoke refreshed, took a quick shower and dressed in slacks and a polo shirt. I left my room so as to arrive just before the bar's closing time.

If I was worried that no one would show up, that concern was misplaced. Though a few people left within minutes after eleven, seven more arrived, six men and one woman. Not the best chances for me, but that's the way it goes. I watched as the lone woman appeared to select a partner and pass him a card. He looked it over and then passed her one of his own. The pair then spent a minute on their phones before departing together. The other men in the room glanced around at each other. I shrugged and we all kind of grinned. 

At that moment I saw a rather tall woman in long raincoat approach the lounge. She was blonde and wearing black boots with at least five inch heels. Without thinking it over too much, I stood and approached her. When she noticed me she smirked and turned slightly away. I continued around in front of her and noticed she now had her back to the other men in the lounge. I was about to hand her a card when she handed me one of her own. 

Harley Quinn

Player & Target, The Inn Club

I recognized the comic book name and looked up to return her smirk. Her face was now completely serious, which was difficult because I now recognized her overdone eye makeup and shocking red lipstick was all part of her cosplay. She parted the rain coat to reveal to me what was contained beneath. In the couple of seconds she let me look, I saw the costume she was wearing. Black thigh high boots, fishnet stockings, a blue and red skirt, a white t-shirt and a blue and red jacket. I also noted hard thick nipples on C or D cup tits that were not held in by a bra. She seemed pleased with my reaction then closed her coat. I turned the card over to find her number and:

solo, DF, oral, bukkake

Oh boy. This was looking very different than my previous trysts. Reaching into my 'approached' pocket, I handed her one of my cards. The front read:

Alex

Player, The Inn Club

While the back listed my number and :solo, hetero, DF, requests.

She read it, then looked me up and down and nodded. She turned to look at the other men in the lounge, and as two of them started to get up she gave them a 'sit down' kind of gesture. Producing her phone, Harley sent me a text.

Harley: 'need 1 plr, you up?'

Me: 'sure, what's next?'

Harley: ':) if u good w/my kink, come to my room'

I'm not a rocket scientist but it didn't take one to figure out the basics of what was going on. I was already getting hard even though I didn't know exactly what she had in mind. Still, I am all about coming on a woman's face when she asks for it.

Me: 'I'm game''

Harley: '527, 11:20'

Me: 'K'

I watched as she then made her way around the room handing more men cards. I wondered how those cards differed from the one she had handed me. Players typically had intercourse of some kind while 'targets' just wanted some kind of mutual masturbation; not that I minded that. Perhaps she was going to have sex with many of us, but I had the impression I might be the only one. I departed the lounge and went for a short walk before heading upstairs.

Promptly at the appointed time I knocked on the door to be greeted by Harley. She had lost the raincoat and was now wearing a gawdy wig that provided foot long blue and red pigtails. Her shirt also had a cut at the neckline, opening it up an inch or so. She was a stunning rendition of the Suicide Squad character.

"Come in Alex, don't keep a girl waiting," she said with a smirk.

Entering the room I noticed it was brightly lit with portable photography lights and there were two towels on the floor in the middle of the sitting room. Three small cameras were on a table and a fourth was on a tripod near the towels. This looked like a porn production site and I was not interested in being famous, in this way or any other. 

Sensing my ill-ease, Harley spoke. "Alex, there are masks in the kitchen. Only enter the sitting room when you are wearing one. Now, as you must have figured out by now, I am going to fuck you while the other men come on me. Okay so far?"

Taking my silence for agreement, she continued. "Now, get a mask, strip off in the bedroom and lay down on the towels."

I nodded, picked up a black mask that reminded me of Robin from Batman and was on the towel just as there was a knock at the door. I couldn't tell how many entered the room, but I heard Harley's voice. "Gentlemen, thanks for coming." There were a couple of chuckles at this. "I make fetish videos for a living and tonight you get to help. The house rules are as follows. Everyone wears a mask, and they're over there. Everyone is naked. Everyone but me that is, and that includes your socks. You get yourselves hard, or ask me to help, but don't go shoving your dick in my face. When you are ready to come be sure you have a camera and film yourself. I may decide to jerk you off myself, so just go with it. If you don't want to be touched, then just keep doing the work yourself. If I say take a break, you leave me alone until I call you back. Stay as long as you like and come as much as can. Remember, I'm the target, get my face and tits and we'll all be happy. Lastly, though I shouldn't have to say this, as a 'target' I don't expect you to touch me unless I initiate. Everyone clear?" There were some muttered 'yes's and then she said, "Let's have some fun."

At this point Harley walked over to me only to find my dick was only half hard. She sat down next to me and took hold of my cock. "Are you a boob man, Alex?" I nodded, and she lifted her t-shirt to reveal a truly glorious pair of tits. She lowered one to my mouth as she stroked me. "Enjoy them now. They are going to be a bit nasty in a little while." I groaned as I felt myself become fully hard in her had. "Now, Alex, what do I need to know about you for this little show?"

This was the adult discussion Alison had told me about; a short, to the point reveal so both parties got exactly what they wanted out of the encounter. "If you move even a little it should be enough to keep me hard. I'm not known for stamina, but I can get hard again in ten minutes several times over."

"Okay Alex, I can work with that. For the video, only touch me, and only grab my hips, when you are ready to come." With that she moved away from me, pulled her shirt down, and took me in her mouth. I was just getting that 'Oh my!" feeling when she popped off me, turned, and sat down on my cock reverse-cowgirl giving me a great view of her ass. She was warm, wet, velvety and all mine for a while.

No sooner had she mounted herself when four men slowly came into view. I felt her hand on my balls as she moved her skirt aside. "Hello boys. Slutty Harley's got a pussy full of cock, now why don't you paint my face and tits for me?"

I thought it strange that the sight of four men jerking off didn't seem to affect my hard-on, though that probably had to do with the woman fucking me, I'm sure. One of the men already had a camera in hand as he approached and stood next to her, his cock at attention as he jerked himself. "Mmm," murmured Harley, "A real target appreciates a cummer who doesn't waste time. Come on my face, it'll add nicely to my outfit." The man jerked a little, then held himself firmly with his cock only a inch or so from her face.

She leaned back and he growled, "Take it slut," as he started to come. From my vantage point I couldn't see everything, but she held herself still as he emptied a respectable load onto her face. When he was done she rubbed it into her skin. She stroked me back and forth with her pussy twice and then I felt her start to rub her clit. She was notably wetter than when we had started, and miraculously I was not yet approaching my own orgasm.

"Next one to come, rip my shirt off and spray it on my tits," Harley said. A second man approached with camera in hand. "You ready to paint my tits stud?" He nodded vigorously as Harley leaned back, putting her hands down near my chest. As he stroked himself he watched Harley fuck me and then leaned down and grabbed her shirt at the neckline. It made a satisfying 'rrrripppp' and I was sure her tits were now bared to the room. Resuming his stroke, this guy started to roar and then cut himself off as he started to come. "Ooo, fuck yeah! I love a hot load on my tits! Hose me down baby" He seemed to go on for much longer than average, and Harley was bouncing her hips on me. I wasn't there yet, but I was getting close.

Sitting back up she resumed fingering herself as a third man walked up with a camera. This guy stopped jerking and stood next to her. She took his cock in her hand and started stroking him, all the while keeping one hand busy on her pussy. "Let me know when you're ready, ok?" He nodded and she took his cock in her mouth. Whether or not it was for my benefit, she was turned slightly so as to let me watch her fellate him. 

Harley was using her thumb to rub the base of his cock while she worked him with her tongue. Her fingers brushed over his balls. It wasn't long before he let loose. "Harley you slut, I'm gonna come on your face," he grunted.

She popped off his cock and did not object when he put his hand behind her head and held her face about six inches away. I watched as she opened her mouth and he expertly shot the first burst right on target. He grunted, "Swallow it slut," as his second and third jet landed on her face. She didn't complain as he continued to stroke out a load as he held her in place.

Finally spent, he let go of her hair and she leaned forward to suck on his cock briefly before drawling out a "Thannnkkks." She looked over to the fourth man and he walked forward, jerking his rather large cock as he approached, camera in hand. "Want to try something?" she asked him. He nodded. "I'm going to make myself come. Can you stay close and come on me when I do?" He nodded again and Harley moved to put her boots on either side of my hips. I knew I was close and I put my hands on her waist. "Mmm, looks like someone else is ready to come. Okay boys, I'm gonna bounce on this cock until we all come. Ready?"

Harley started moving up and down rapidly on my shaft, fully bottoming out with each thrust. She had gone maybe ten strokes when she started to pant and moan loudly. "Oooo, fuck I'm close, come on me, paint me with your spunk!"

Magically, everything happened at once. The man in front of her leaned his head back and growled "Harley you slut!" 

Harley leaned her head back, "Coming," she grunted. 

And feeling her pussy clamp down on me I yelled, "Take my come in your slutty pussy Harley!" My cock swelled and exploded into her as she continued to clench at me.

There were grunts of pleasure all around and it was clear to me that Harley got off even stronger as I pumped my load into her pussy while her face was getting hosed down yet again. 

Distantly I heard her sputter and say, "Holy shit!" as she continued to ride me through both our orgasms, until finally she relaxed and leaned back again. "That is by far the biggest come shot I have ever taken!"

"Thanks," number four said.

"Whew. Okay everyone, take a break," she said. "There's water and beer in the fridge." I watched as the four men sat down the cameras and walked away. She stood up and stretched. "Damn that was good. Did you enjoy yourself?"

"That was crazy," I said. "And yes."

She grabbed my cock and led me to the bathroom. She was absolutely covered in spunk, and it was a very sexy sight. "Come on, I need to get us ready for round two."

Harley showered, dried her hair, dressed and reapplied what little makeup she was wearing before adding her own mask and another t-shirt. "Alex, please tell them that while I appreciate them keeping their spunk out of my hair, I want to really look nasty at the end of round two. And Alex, try to hold out for me; I have something different in mind to end this scene." I nodded and found myself already half hard in anticipation.

As unselfconsciously as I could, I padded out to the common area to find three other naked dudes standing around the kitchen bar having a drink and talking. They stopped when I walked up. "I guess we lost one?" I said.

The big guy, number four, nodded. "Said he had an early morning."

I nodded in reply. "Harley thanks you for keeping your jizz out of her hair, but she wants to look, her words, 'really nasty at the end of round two'." They all nodded and I went back to the center area and lay down on a couple of new towels. Harley was still ass up with her head on my cock when the three guys walked back in. In no time she had me hard again and she resumed her position riding me reverse cowgirl. "I want cock gentlemen. Get em over here."

Two guys, numbers two and three from last time, approached her with cameras in hand. They were clearly standing close enough that she could reach their dicks, and sure enough she took one in her mouth as she started to stroke the other guy. She was humming around his cock making 'mmmm' noises. And, in a new twist, she started flexing her pussy around me, keeping me up without actually moving her hips. She stayed on the guy in her mouth until he was fully hard maybe two minutes later. His cock now wet with saliva, she continued to stroke both as she turned her head toward the other man. "While I like the man fucking me to stay hard enough to make me come, what I really want you three to do is come quickly so I can get more." And with that she inhaled the second guy. 

Now every once in a while she was lifting off me to get some penetration action. I had no problem staying hard inside her. I just hoped she didn't get too crazy before she was done with all three of them.

The guy in her mouth started looking like he was about to pop. "Gonna be hard to paint those tits with 'em covered up."

She let go of his cock and held her arms out, "Get 'em out big boy."

Reaching forward he grabbed the collar of the shirt and pulled down hard. Not only did this part her shirt, it pulled her nicely down on my cock. I think he was staring at her lovely tits because she said, "Go ahead and play with them, you know you want to."

I could see him reach down and take hold of her tits as she stroked him steadily. His cock was barely an inch from her face when he said "Stroke it slut!" Turned to the side as she was, she continued to stroke both guys even as the first one of round two started to come. If this guy had come twenty minutes ago you couldn't tell by the energy he was putting into this show. As she stroked him the first jet hit her in the forehead. Turning her face back and forth she made sure to cover her face with his load and she did a pretty good job. When he was done she gave him one last suck and then let him go. 

With space to one side now clear, the guy who was number four last time sidled up to her. She quickly took him in her mouth to wet his dick and then turned her attention back to the other guy. His knees were wobbly and I knew he was about to come. Harley felt that as well and took her mouth off him just as he moved his hand to his cock and started to jerk himself off on her. "Come on now, make me dirty!" she growled at him.

"Fuck!" he yelled as he started to come. As his first jet hit her cheek she gave me an internal squeeze and then lifted herself up and down quickly. She moved her face side to side, then the guy held the back of her head and shot the last few pulses in her hair just over her face. "Thank you," she said.

The last guy was now fully hard. "I could go a while, but I'd really like to fuck your tits and come on your face."

Harley giggled. She let go of his cock and held her tits up. "Here they are big boy, have at it."

He shifted to stand directly astride my legs and fed his cock to her eager mouth. He withdrew a short time later and squatted just a bit so his cock was level with her cleavage. I could see her hands squeezing her tits together, and from the fact his hands were on her shoulders she must have been doing all the work. He fucked her tits for several minutes before announcing he was close. 

Harley gave him words of encouragement. "Come on, hose me down like before and leave my face dripping."

"Fuck yeah," he groaned, "Gonna be cover you!"

"Spray me!" she ordered, and he pulled back from her tits. But instead of letting him to the work, she stroked him off. And as he started to come she pointed her face right at his cock, knowing what was to happen. Sure enough, he exploded right between her eyes, splashing both as I was to find out later. She bowed down to take the second shot in her hair, then leaned back to take the rest on her face and tits. She stroked him for a good thirty seconds after he was done and before he pulled slowly away.

"That was fucking awesome," he said.

"Back at you," she said. "Now, do me a favor and move the tripod to the edge of the bed." He nodded, his face still a smirk. As he moved away Harley lifted off me and I stood to follow, having an idea of what she had in mind. She walked to the edge of the bed opposite the camera and knelt on all fours. Taking my cue, I walked up and stood behind her. 

"Now, lower the camera so I'm looking right into it. Turn the view screen toward me." As he did this I could see her face was dripping with come and so were her tits. Her eyes were both red, her makeup was running and her tits were hanging down just in frame. It was the sluttiest, sexiest thing I think I'd ever seen.

"Thanks," she said.

He nodded. "Thanks for a fucking awesome time, Harley."

"You're welcome," she said to him before she looked back at me, "Well? My pussy ain't fuck itself stud."

I reached down, spread her lips and thrust into her in one sharp thrust. We both exhaled as I bottomed out, but I didn't think she wanted it slow. Holding onto her hips and watching the view screen, I started to pound her pussy like it was the last time I would ever have sex. Seems that was what she wanted because her eyes glazed over after maybe thirty seconds. "I'm, nnnggh, coming," she grunted out. 

Not far behind I leaned forward, reached underneath her and grabbing her tits. Then I started bucking my hips like mad, chasing my own orgasm and wondering if I could set her off again. I was rewarded when she said, "Fuck me! Cum in my slutty pussy again!" One of my biggest turn-ons is a woman telling me to come inside her. Jackhammering her pussy I felt myself reach the point of no return as she grunted again, "Coming!" And then I burst inside her for the second time in an hour, my hands gloriously full of her big tits as I shot my load into her pussy. As always, I kept on fucking her until I was completely spent, and her as well. After a good thirty seconds I slowed and straightened my back, reluctantly letting go of her fabulous tits. 
