 It was about 9:30 pm when I stepped out of the warm shower. A large fluffy towel was waiting for me on the heated towel rail. I wrapped myself in its soft fabric and padded into my bedroom.

At the moment the room was sparse in its decoration as I hadn't yet had the chance to collect my things from my flat. My suit and shirt that I had worn earlier had already been taken away and all I had to wear was a luxurious bathrobe.

Apparently Alex and Mark would be home sometime after 10:30, so I had plenty of time. I decided to explore the rest of my new home.

I walked along the landing, past Sues room and down the stairs. I could hear the TV so decided to locate the lounge and see what was going on. The ground floor was spacious, split into a large lounge, study, dining room and massive kitchen/diner. The lounge was sumptuously appointed, with a large fireplace taking up the focal point of the room, a good size TV was set in one corner with a grouping of sofa's and chez longue's scattered through-out the room. Sue was looking radiant and reclining in a bathrobe on one of the sofa's. 

In-front of her was a bottle of wine and two glasses already poured. "Hi, how are you feeling now?" she asked.

"I'm fine, thanks." I replied winking at her. Sue smiled and drew up her legs allowing me to share the sofa with her.

"So what will Alex and Mark expect when they get in?" I asked

Sue laughed. "Don't worry, just go with the flow. I'm sure that they will join us for a drink and then, well. We'll see!"

I sat back and enjoyed the cooled wine, whilst taking in the elements of the room. Above the fireplace was a large mirror. Looking at it I could see that you were able to see every element in the room. The furniture was all leather and looked as comfortable as the sofa that I was already sitting on. A pool table was set up in the opposite corner to the TV with a well-appointed drinks cabinet close by. A deep luxurious carpet finished off the room. All the colours were neutral, allowing for the room to be light, modern and airy.

I was getting towards the end of a second glass of wine when the front door opened and Alex and Mark walked in. They popped their heads into the room to say Hi and disappeared upstairs. About 20 minutes later Mark reappeared in a bathrobe and he poured himself a glass of bourbon.

"I see that you have settled in a bit." He said. "How are you finding things?"

"I'm ok thanks Mark, I wasn't really expecting to start straight away, but Sue has looked after me this afternoon. I hope to pop home tomorrow and pick up a few things though if that's ok."

Mark smiled. "That's no problem Andy. Sue can show you the garage in the morning and you can take whatever you like out." 

Alex then sashayed into the room, looking glamorous in a lilac satin bathrobe, her hair wrapped in a towel.

"Hi Andy, how are you feeling?" she asked.

"I'm ok thanks Alex, I just said to Mark that I'm getting used to it all."

"Don't worry, we won't put you under too much pressure." She replied smiling.

Sue stood and found a glass for Alex. Once filled, Alex sat on a chez longue while Mark refilled his shot glass and then sat in an armchair.

We all chatted for a short while, getting to know each other. As we all relaxed, I noticed that the bathrobes we were wearing were also becoming less tightly tied. Looking at Alex across the room I could see that her satin robe had parted enough to show a flash of tidied hair above her pussy. Mark was also sitting across me and with his knees slightly apart I could see that he was also naked. In fact, I could see that he was getting an erection just looking at Alex.

Sue smiled at me and decided to make the first move. She stood and walked over to Mark and, standing behind his chair, started to massage his shoulders. Mark sighed and leaned back into the chair, as Sues hands worked their magic on his tired muscles. As she massaged him I could see that she was opening up the bathrobe so that she could reach more of him. I looked across at Alex and she smiled at me.

"Bring the wine." She said. "Let's go upstairs."

Glancing at Mark and Sue I could see that this would be no problem. They were quite happy as they were.

I picked up the bottle and followed Alex upstairs into the master bedroom. Taking absolute centre stage in the room was a king sized four poster bed. Immaculately dressed in sheer satin sheets and a matching quilt.

Alex allowed her bathrobe to drop from her shoulders as she walked into the room. Despite being only about 5'2" and being slightly built, Alex still had a nice curvy bum. As she turned to me I could see that she also has a lovely pair of b cup breasts. Being small allowed her to look younger than her 35 years. She lay back on the quilt, looking down herself towards me.

"Put the wine over there, and take off that silly robe." Sha said with laughter in her voice. I complied and greeted her with a semi hardon.

"Your photos didn't do you justice," she said referring to our earlier interview conversation. "now come and help me de-stress."

I walked to her and reaching to the table beside her, tipped some massage oil into my hands too warm it up. Alex then rolled onto her front and I started to work the slick fluid into her shoulders and back. Her body was firm yet still supple to the touch. Compared to Sue she was obviously a regular at the gym.

I worked my way down Alex's back and onto her rounded bum. Kneading the soft flesh and stretching her as I went. Then I started to work on her thighs. The backs of her legs were strong, and as I massaged each leg I noticed that she was allowing me a view of her pussy as she moved her ankles further apart. I reached her feet, and started to work back up her legs, squeezing her calves and thighs to stimulate the blood flow. Than as I reached the top of her thighs I reached in-between and stroked her pussy. She let out a gently sigh and tilted her hips to allow me better access.

I massaged her pussy lips gently allowing my finger so slide between the fleshy folds and felt a change in texture as the oil was now being replaced by her own natural juices. I rubbed my finger back and forth along her slit pressing gently but firmly to simulate her. As I worked on her, she responded by moaning and pushing into me slightly. 

Alex drew her knees up to present her arse to me. Moist before me were the pink lips of her pussy. I leaned in to kiss them. Alex responded by groaning and pressing into my face. "Lick me." She said.

Without hesitation I probed my tongue between her delicious lips and tasted her nectar. Using long lapping strokes, I licked the full length of her sweet pussy, taking in as much of her scent and flavour as I could. My cock by this time was now fully erect and throbbing. Alex continued to press into my face, obviously desperate for me to carry on.

I lapped away at her, feeling the strength of her thighs as she pushed into me. As I did so I became aware of a gently change in the air behind me. The door had opened and we were being watched.

As I continued to lick her, I noticed from the corner of my vision that Mark had come into the room. He walked past me and came to stand by Alex's head. As naked as I was, his erection was thicker than mine and was now right in-front of Alex. She propped herself up on her elbows and started to suck him off. Beside me Sue whispered "Fuck her Andy. She wants your cock inside her."

Climbing onto the mattress I kneeled behind Alex and guided my stiff cock to her opening. Sue held me and lined me up.

As soon as I entered Alex, the woman seemed to step up a gear. Immediately she started thrusting backwards and forwards, taking Mark and myself in equal, vigorous measure. The sounds of us slurping in her mouth and pussy only added to the eroticism of the moment. As I was fucking Alex, Sue was kissing me deeply and allowing me to fondle her large breasts.

Alex's rhythm continued to increase apace until with a grunt Mark ejaculated in her mouth. Alex hummed with delight at her mouthful. Sue continued to French kiss me and massage her breasts. Mark then walked around the bed and stood beside me. 

"Fuck her Andy, fill her with your cock." He said. As he did so he reached down and cupped my balls in his hand.

Squeezing them gently added more fuel to my fire. I started to pound my cock as deep and as hard as I could into Alex. Sue was having a hard time by now keeping contact with my mouth, so she held my free hand against her 32E breasts allowing me to squeeze and tease her as I fucked our boss.

Mark was giving my balls plenty of attention which was distracting me enough to prevent me from cumming. His large hands had the power to cripple me with one tight squeeze if he desired, but instead I was receiving a fantastic testicular massage.

The he reached down with his other hand and probed until he found my arsehole. His thick finger pressed against me until I yielded with a pop. I could feel his thick lubricated digit working its way into me, searching for my prostate. As my balls ware massaged I could feel the stimulation on my gland deep inside. I needed to be fucked myself soon. As if Mark could read my thought he withdrew his finger and stood behind me. 

I bent forward, leaning on Alex's back and still fucking her. Mark clambered onto the bed behind me and with Sue's help, lined up to penetrate me with his thick cock.

I felt the fleshy springiness of his glans pushing against my rectum as he pressed into me. As I relaxed, I felt him open my arse and start to fill me with his massive organ. I initially felt that I would split in two as he pushed deeper and deeper into me. Whilst he filled me I ceased from thrusting into Alex.

Then Mark started to pump back and forth. The feeling was ecstasy. I was being stretched and filled by an amazing cock, and at the same time my cock was deeply buried in an amazing little cunt. I reciprocated the gyrations for Mark and soon was working like a piston between Mark and Alex.

Sue had by this time climbed on the bed in-front of Alex and was strumming her fingers across her clitoris for Alex's viewing pleasure. From what I could see, Mark had recently filled Sue with his jism already, as an unmistakeable trace of white fluid dribbled between her thighs.

Mark really started to pound unto my arse. Although painful the feeling of being filled by such a large cock was overpowering. As his cock struck my prostate in his regular rhythm so my own uncontrollable orgasm started to build. The weight of his thrusts forced me to slam my cock deep and hard inside Alex, igniting her own fire.

I couldn't hold back any more. With a cry I let go, shooting my cum in Alex's tight wet hole, flooding her with my heat and wetness. The intensity of my orgasm lowered my blood pressure to the point that I felt faint for a second. Then I became aware of a warmth spreading inside me as Mark filled me with his seed. He bucked against my hips as his final thrusts caused him to spill his thick white fluid deep inside me. I felt sore, but utterly elated. I could feel the man's cock start to soften and allow my rectum to close back a little. My own penis had also deflated allowing me to slip out of Alex's wet, slippery cunt.

As we started to separate, Sue cried out. A stream of fluid shot out of her pussy into Alex's face and hair and some onto my face behind. Sue had managed to bring herself to an equally shattering orgasm too. 

As I gathered my composure I felt a warm trickle down the inside of my thigh. I smiled and turned to Mark who was now beside me. "I'll have to return the favour sometime. That was incredible!" I stated. Mark smiled.

"No worries." He replied "but first you can clean me up." I looked down and saw that his cock was covered in cum, so without a seconds though leaned into his crotch and took the softening organ into my mouth.

Despite not being erect, his cock still did a pretty good job of filling my mouth. I savoured on the taste of cum that covered him and worked my tongue to ensure that I had cleaned up every last drop. As I worked on him, incredibly I felt him begin to stiffen in my mouth. His penis hardened and lengthened as I sucked him. So much so, that I couldn't hold all of inside me. I took as much as I could and bobbed my head up and down his thick shaft, trying to give him as much pleasure as I could. It seemed to be working as he rested his hand on my head to prevent me from pulling away

I used my tongue to work on his swollen glans and following his earlier example cupped his testicles in my hand, squeezing them. Before long I could taste a sweetness as he started to ooze sweet precum for me.

"Damn, that's good Andy" he said. "Don't stop!".

I carried on as requested, savouring his sweet nectar. Looking up into his eyes I saw that both Alex and Sue were watching us too. The girls were side by side, each rubbing and fingering the others pussy. Mark pushed my head down on him harder. He groaned as I sucked his dick hard. 

I wanted his cum in my mouth now. I squeezed his nuts firmly, this did it for him. He grunted and leaned back. "Fuuuckk!" He said and let go. A wash of hot fluid filled my mouth. Nutty and thick, with a velvety texture. I swirled it around my mouth, enjoying his taste. Before swallowing it all. The thickness of the cum coated my throat, lining it with the viscous fluid.

Looking back up I could see Alex passionately kissing Mark now. His strong arms were wrapped around her holding her close. I let his cock slip out of my mouth and licked my lips. Hopefully I would be able to suck him dry at the start of a session sometime soon. He had an amazing ability to deliver cum all night long.

I left Mark and Alex together in their room. It was late and I for one needed sleep. As I picked up my robe and left the room, Mark looked over.

"See you tomorrow." He said.

I closed their door and padded along the hallway to my room. The door before it was open and the bedside light was on. Sue was naked on her bed. 

"Come in and shut the door." She said.

Who was I to argue?