 You drive up just as the sun hits the distant horizon, and the stars are starting to come out. You approach the door, and raise your hand to knock. Just as your knuckles almost hit the door, it opens. 

Before you stands a tall redhead, ivory skin, supple breasts, soft hips, in a black lace negligee, leaving just enough to the imagination. You think you have made a mistake on the address, and start looking around to see if you are in the right place. She laughs and says "You are exactly where you are supposed to be." She steps away from the door and you see me sitting on the couch, I wave and smile. she puts out her hand and says "Hi, I'm Sherry." You open your mouth to speak, but she interrupts, "I know who you are." 

She steps further away for you to enter. You enter and start to take in the surroundings. Obscure paintings on the wall, the room completely lit only by candlelight, they are everywhere. And you detect a soft sweet odor, familiar, but not, from the candles maybe, but not certain. An open bottle of wine and glasses on the coffee table. 

"You can sit there." I say, and point to a chair on the other side of the room. That particular seat would not have been your first choice, but you sit there as requested. 

Sherry returns to the couch and sits next to me. I rise and ask you if you would like a glass of wine, and then pour it, and bring the glass to you before you can answer. 

"Thank you." you sat.

"You are very welcome." and I turn and walk back to the couch. I have on a red lace camisole and short black leather mini skirt. As I walk away from you, you believe you see just a hint of skin under the skirt, above the black seamed hose, but you are not certain. 

I sit down next to Sherry, facing her with one leg propped up on the couch and the other on the floor. And you realize what you think you saw a few moments ago is correct, and there is a definent line, and you see a small clip, and realize I have on stockings and a garter belt. 

The scenario itself combined with the possibilities running through your mind, begin to excite you. 

Sherry engages you in conversation. As though she had been coached, knowing your likes and dislikes, and subjects you enjoyed talking about. You respond to her and the two of you begin to get wrapped up in your conversation. 

Out of the corner of your eye, you see me take my hand and push her hair away from her shoulder and her neck. I delicately start to run my finger up and down her neck, and then down across her shoulder, and as I do, one strap drops, and almost completely exposes her breast.

You are finding it harder to keep up with the conversation, but you somehow succeed. 

My finger moves down her breast and continues to push the lace further down until finally her nipple is exposed. I take my finger and stick it in my mouth and look at you at the same time, our eyes meet for just a second. I take my wet finger and run it around and around her nipple, you see it begin to stiffen, and I take it between my thumb and forefinger and massage it gently, making it harder and harder. 

Sherry's head goes back slightly and she closes her eyes, and a moan comes from her throat, but within a few seconds she is back to the conversation, right where she left off. 

As I continue to play with her nipple, I lean over and you see my tongue dart out and lick the lobe of her ear, and then down her neck, and eventually down to her breast. Putting my hand underneath it, and taking the nipple between my teeth, nibbling gently. She squirms slightly in her seat. 

The conversation is becoming difficult for both of you to keep up with now. My hand slips further down, softly over her stomach, and then down to her thigh. Her legs part slightly and I start to pull the lace up, exposing more and more of her legs. Finally running my hand down past the lace to her soft skin, and then back up her inner thigh. Pulling the lace further up, and her legs part a little more, revealing smooth white skin, and a delicate soft shaved pussy. She slips down to the edge of the couch, and her head slides back to the back of the couch.

My fingertips trail further up, and I start running my tongue further down her breast, as I softly stroke and probe her pussy lips with my fingers. A moan escapes her lips, and you begin to realize that you are swelling from the anticipation, and excitement of the scene you are taking in. Her arm goes around me, and she attempts to push my head down, but I resist, wanting to tease her.

My fingers open up her lips, and I insert one finger just an inch or so. 

I move back up her breast to her neck, and to her mouth. You are at an angle to see my tongue dart out and into her mouth. She raises her head and kisses me back with hunger. You are mesmerized as you watch both our tongues dart in and out of each others mouth with a passion rarely seen. One finger inserted fully and one teasing her clit, barely touching it. 

You squirm in your seat, adjusting your pants, because they are becoming a little too tight. You sit your wine glass on the table, for fear of dropping it, but not before you gulp it down trying to soothe your parched throat, brought on by the rising temperature in the room. 

I slowly move back down her body, and turn to slip down to the floor on my knees. Moving between her knees. I start to nibble and lick her pussy lips, sitting back on my feet. I remove my finger, look up at her, and stick my finger in my mouth to suck the delightful juices from it, and I turn my eyes coyly to look at you. Wondering if you are enjoying this as much as I am. 

I remove my finger from my mouth, start teasing her again, darting my tongue in and out of her pussy and then barely running my tongue across her clit. 

It becomes very clear to you why I wanted you sit where you are. You have a full view of the smallest detail, you can see my tongue clearly, and every place that it ventures to explore. 

Your hand moves involuntarily down to your crouch, and you rub your massive hard on through your pants. 

My ass rises from resting on my feet, and once on my knees I move back just a little. The skirt rises almost up to my hips, and you see there is nothing underneath it, except for the garter belt. 

You gasp slightly at the sight, and you blink, wanting to make the vision as clear as possible. 

I bury my face between her thighs, and you see her arch her back and gasp, pushing herself up to me. She grabs the back of my head, makes a fist in my hair, and pulls my head towards her at the same time she pushes forward, you watch hungrily as you see my tongue darting in and out of her dripping pussy. 

You see the tips of my fingers on the inside of my thigh, and you realize how very wet I am. You see droplets of nectar, rolling down my inner thighs, and my fingers work their way up to the source. 

For a split second you think you see my index finger motion you forward, but you aren't sure if your eyes are playing tricks on you. 

But then you see it again, you are positive. You stand, unzip your pants and let them fall to the floor. 

You move up behind me, and just stand there for a few moments, taking in the beautiful sight below you. You reach down, and start to softly massage my ass, and you feel me wriggle slightly. 

You go down on your knees, and take your engorged dick and run it up and down between my pussy lips, getting the head very wet. I spread my lips for you to play at your hearts content. You insert just the head of your cock into my pussy, then back out, up and around my clit, and back to my pussy. My hips start moving begging for more. You hear another moan, but you are unaware of the source. Was it one of us, or could it have possibly been yourself? 

Sherry's hips start to thrust upward, her back arching up off the couch, you see the muscles in her arm tense as she attempts to pull me deeper. And her body begins to tremble. 

You grab my hips, and thrust forward with all your strength, and you hear a very familiar squeal escape from my throat. You start fucking me slowly, expertly, in a way that you know I enjoy sooooooooo much. 

You cock your head slightly to the side, so as not to lose the view of my tongue fucking Sherry's pussy. 

Your movements speed up as the excitement builds, and you drive yourself deeper and harder with each thrust. My body begins to shiver, and I push back against you. My head rises and I scream out "Oh God YYYYEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!" 

With one final thrust, I feel your hot liquid explode within me, and I push back hard against you,wanting more and more. 

You cry out, and continue to drive yourself deeper. Sherry screams out and simultaneously all our cries unite. 

I rebury my face to lap up the juices that are flowing forth. Your pace slows and you bend over me, kissing and licking my back and shoulders. 

We all begin to relax and collapse where we are. 

You wonder if maybe there is more to come, and you smile and start to reharden at the thought. We all began to laugh, and roll around on the floor, intertwined. 

I sit up and lean over the coffee table, and pour the last of the wine into the three glasses. I drink, thirsty and dry from the activities. When I turn around, I see your head buried between Sherry's legs, and I giggle, and just sit back and watch for awhile. 

I finally lay down between your legs, and I take your already rehardening cock into my mouth. I feel your hips start to sway and move in rhythm with my mouth. When I have you fully erect again, I sit back up, and ask you to get up on the couch. You look at me confused, but do as requested. You slouch in your seat, your head back, and your carved ass on the edge. 

Sherry and I each come up a leg, and finally meet in the middle. I take your balls into my mouth, sucking gently, and flicking my tongue over them. Sherry engulfs your swollen dick and takes you down her throat. Your hip gyrating and thrusting up to go deeper into Sherry's throat. Just as your body begins to stiffen again, we both stop.

Sherry crawls up onto of you, and turns around to face me. I take your massive cock into my hands and guide it expertly into Sherry's tight pussy. 

I move my tongue up from your balls, to the base of your cock, and slowly up inside her. Twitching my tongue back and forth, inside her pussy and against your dick. Your hips buck, and you moan loudly. Sherry moving up and down, taking all of you, and then back up to the head. 

I reach up with my fingers, and separate Sherry's lips, running my tongue from her pussy to her clit. She squeals, and thrusts her hips forward for more. She is now moving up and down on your engorged cock, and at the same time moving for and aft, wanting more of my tongue against her clit. You grab her hips and guide her, so she doesn't loose her balance. She moves her hips faster, and starts to scream out, "Yes, oh my yeeeeeeeesssssssss." She explodes all over you, her juices covering your balls and your inner thighs. 

As she gains her bearings, she pulls herself up off of you, and joins me on the floor, both of us licking and sucking all for her juices off of you. Your hips moving in rhythm with our tongues and our lips, licking, sucking, driving your crazy. "Oh that is ssssssssooooooo good" you moan. 

Sherry moves down between my legs, and I swallow you whole, sucking all of her moisture from your drenched cock. She runs her tongue around and around my clit, and my hips start to thrust forward, begging for more. You can feel the moans in the back of my throat, and your hips thrust up, burying yourself, as deep as you can. 

I raise back up, and you lift your head and open your eyes. You see Sherry rubbing her hands together, and you notice the oil dripping from her fingers. She wraps her fingers around your swollen manhood and coats you with the oil, your head goes back and you moan, loving the sensation. 

I stand over you, and straddle your hips. I lower myself onto you, and Sherry guides your hardness to my ass. Your head enters and I feel that wonderful familiar pop. With one hand she is stroking your shaft, and with the other she is teasing my clit.

I lower and raise myself up over you, slowing taking you in inch by inch, going deeper each time. You wrap your fingers around my waist and try to guide me deeper as your hips thrust up. 

Sherry takes a small vibrator, and runs it over your balls, up into my dripping pussy, and then up and around my clit, then back into my pussy. You can feel the vibrations deep inside me, and your breathing becomes more rapid. 

Sherry buries the vibe deep inside me, fucking my pussy with it slowly, and then leans over and sucks my clit in between her lips. 

The pace intensifies. Your hips thrusting up with all the strength of your powerful legs. Me pushing back against you wanting more. 

"Oh God YYYYYYEEEESSSSSSSSS!!" I scream, pounding against you with all my might. You sit up slightly and wrap your arms around my waist pulling me back to you. "Oh Shannon, baby cum all over me..." 

Your hips thrust hard one more time, and I feel you explode inside me. I scream out, and my body shivers, you can feel the muscles tightening around your cock, and feel the moisture pouring out all over your balls. 

The pace slows, and we begin to melt into one another. 

Sherry kissing her way up my stomach, over my breast, and then to your lips. I hold her against me as the two of you engage in a long passionate kiss. Then she turns her head and kisses my neck. 

Your arms encircle the both of us, as we lay against you, the three of us, rapt up together in a tight little package.