 Tim Lewis was standing at the front door nervously awaiting an answer to the doorbell he had just rung. Tim was 35 years old, and had recently come out of a messy divorce after a sudden end to a 10 year marriage. He had moved into a condo complex four months ago, and was forced to live on his own after his wife had run off with a family friend.

Luckily, he became friends with the couple who lived next door to him. Jim and Becky Johnson were slightly older than he was, but they all had common interests that included movies, fishing, and books. Becky had been the first one to inquire into his plans to get into the dating scene. When Tim said that he wasn't sure that he was ready yet, Becky dropped the subject for a couple of days, but over the next two weeks, both she and Jim let him know that they would help in any way they could.

Eventually, over a Saturday night dinner at their home, Jim told Tim that they were members of a club that might help him spread his wings, and meet new people. Becky thought that this club might give him the confidence to start a new relationship. When Tim asked more questions about what type of club it was, both Becky and Jim became rather coy about it. Their reluctance to fully disclose the club's activities both scared and intrigued him. As the evening concluded, Tim put together most of the half answers that he had received, and asked if the club had a major sexual component.

Knowing smiles spread across their faces, and Becky let him know that he was on the right path. Tim wanted to know if this was a couple's club or not. They said that it was made up of mostly couples, but openings were also open to the right type of individual. Becky said that memberships required a meeting with the selection committee, but that she thought he would probably get through the interview with flying colors.

Tim went home to think this offer over. He hadn't told Jim or Becky that he had led a rather sheltered life in the sex department. He had slept the a few girls in college, but his marriage had really been his only long term relationship. Therefore, he wasn't the experienced swinger that they might have thought him to be. Over the next few days he went back and forth on his decision, but eventually decided that they were right; he really needed to try new things, and this offer was something that he couldn't turn down.

So he was very surprised when the door opened, and saw a woman who immediately reminded him of his aunt. She was about slightly shorter than he was, with shoulder length auburn hair, and looked to be in her late 50's. She introduced herself as Virginia Taylor, and after verifying his name, assured him that Becky and Jim were waiting in the living room for him along with the rest of the committee. He followed her through the main hall, and into a living room that was about as big as his whole condo.

He saw Jim and Becky on one love seat, another couple on one couch, and a gentleman on the other couch who Tim thought would be Virginia's husband. She introduced him to Paul and Valerie Thompson, as well as her husband, Gordon. Paul and Valerie were the youngest of the group; Tim guessed that he was about 27, while she was probably 25.

Before he sat down, Virginia asked him if he'd like something to drink, and got a Pepsi for him from the wet bar in the corner. After Jim had sat down in the wooden chair that had been placed for him, Gordon asked Tim how much he knew about their club. Looking at Becky and Jim, he said, "Not much really, Becky and Jim only told me that this club was where their friends met, and that it had a sexual orientation, but were not really specific."

Gordon said, "That's about as much as they are allowed to say before this meeting." He then went on to explain that the club met once a month at member's house on a rotating basis. Each meeting had between 15 and 20 couples, and another five or six individual guests who were included on an invitation only basis. Each meeting had its own theme, and that there were erotic activities that usually involved all of the attendees.

At this point, Gordon asked Valerie to describe the latest party. In a very casual manner, she described the Hawaiian Luau that they had hosted. The party had included native foods and drinks, along with naked hula dancers and body painting activities that ended up with about four hours of fucking.

Tim was both shocked and exited by the language that Valerie was using, as well as the images swirling around in his mind about what he was getting into. This discussion had also caused the inevitable reaction on his part, namely a very stiff erection. When she had finished, he looked over at Becky who was beaming at him. "We had a very fine time at that one," she said.

Virginia then explained that while everyone had participated in the fun that evening, it was the single guests who initiated the festivities by leading the naked hula, and allowing their bodies to be painted first. It was important to know that as he was being considered for one of these spots, he needed to complete the rest of the interview before he would be invited to an upcoming party.

After a moment of thought, Jim said, "This is all new to me, but you haven't scared me off yet. How do we proceed?"

"I think it is now time that you undress," Virginia said. 

A stunned look crossed his face. He thought that this would probably happen, he just hadn't expected it so soon. He looked at Virginia and asked, "You mean right here?"

"Right here, right now," Virginia's reply was almost an order.

So then, as confidently as he could, he leaned forward to remove his shoes, and socks. He then stood up took off this jacket, hanging it on the back of the chair. His shirt was next, and was also placed on the back of the chair.

Then he turned to face the group, and began unbuckling his belt. All of the couples had leaned back, and were looking on with a relaxed attitude that was at odds with the excitement and, yes fear, that Jim was now feeling. He unbuttoned his pants, unzipped his zipper, and then stepped out of them. He turned to the pants on the back of the chair, before facing the group again. 

His gaze fell on Valerie, who looked him in the eye, then at his crotch before looking him in the eye again. She then winked at him, and smiled. Taking this as an invitation, Jim hooked his thumbs under the waistband, and lowered his shorts. When he stood up, his shorts were now in his right hand, and his very erect 6" cock pointed due north. At this instant, he realized that he had just crossed a new threshold, and with a broad smile on his face he looked at each of the three couples as he dropped his shorts on the seat of his chair.

Gordon began, "Now you have to know that at the parties, being a single guest, you will have to comply with the requests of the other members. I think that you should stand in front of Paul and Valerie, and do as they ask."

Tim walked toward the two as instructed, and at Paul's request stopped in front of him. A new feeling washed over Tim as he saw Paul gaze at his erection. He wasn't exactly proud, but he was truly reveling in the moment, being completely nude in front of three couples, with a sexual tension in the room that he could almost taste.

Paul looked up at Tim without saying anything, and then reached out and softly grabbed his balls. He tugged on them a little, before releasing them; then he grasped his cock. He pulled it down, and looked at it as someone would site down a rifle. When he let go, Tim's cock snapped back, hit his stomach so hard that the sound was heard by everyone. Paul said, "Well, you sure are happy to be here. Now I'd like you to turn around, bend over, and spread your cheeks for me."

When Tim had assumed the position, he felt Paul nudge a finger at his anal opening. He thought, "Now there's something I wouldn't have expected this morning." After a few moments, Paul told him that he could stand up and move in front of Valerie.

Valerie looked up at him with a big smile, and sparkling eyes. He was suddenly reminded of a cheerleader he knew in high school that he'd had a crush on, but never talked to. He couldn't wait for Valerie to say anything.

Very shortly Valerie said, "Paul treated you much better than I will. I've always liked to spank people, but he's not that interested. So I'd like you across my lap right now."

Surprised, but also extremely excited. He lay down over her thighs. "Lift up just a little please," Valerie said. He then felt her hand snake under him, take hold of his cock, and position it between her thighs. They clamped tightly on his dick and she said, "I don't want you sliding off."

She then started spanking him. They weren't especially painful, but they did sting. She stopped somewhere around 10 and asked him, "How you doin' down there?"

"OK so far," he replied.

Valerie resumed her spanking, and now Tim was acutely aware that the motions of his and Valerie's bodies were causing his cock to slide up and down between her thighs. This was bringing him very close to a climax he was desperate to experience.

Just before the point of no return, Becky spoke up, "Valerie, we don't want you to wear him out too soon."

Both Tim and Valerie groaned at the same time, but each for different reasons. She then helped him up. Tim softly rubbed his now sore ass, and waved his erection that now had a small drop of precum on its tip in front of her.

Gordon then instructed Tim to stand before Becky. She smiled as he came toward her, as his erection swayed back and forth. When he was directly in front of her, she said, "I've been waiting for this almost from the moment we met." She then reached for his cock, and leaned forward so that she could put it in her mouth.

Instantly Tim's cock experienced the wonderful warmth of her mouth, and the soft texture of her tongue. His eyes fluttered, and a low groan escaped from his mouth. He kept his hands on his ass and savored the feeling that he was about to cum.

Sensing that he was very close, Becky used her right hand to grasp both of his balls, and started to hum to herself. The vibrations that this caused sent Tim over the edge. He almost lost his balance as his orgasm roared through his body. At the last instant, he had to grab her shoulders to steady himself.

It took about 30 seconds for him to come back to his senses, but Becky continued to milk his cock for every last drop of cum. Finally, when no more was produced, she released it from her mouth and said, "My you really needed that. You spewed all over my tonsils."

After regaining his composure, he looked at Jim. He was surprised to see that he had removed his pants, shorts, and was sporting a 7" woody. "Now it's your turn to bring me off." Jim had taken hold of his prick at the base and was waving it at Tim.

Still experiencing the wave of sexual intoxication in the room, Tim didn't need to be asked twice. He knelt down in front of Jim, and proceeded to give the first blow job of his life. He made up for his lack of experience by giving the job the full gusto that it deserved. It took a few tries, but he was able to swallow most of Jim's prick without scraping it with his teeth. His up and down movements quickly had Jim on the verge of a climax. Not even thinking about what it would taste like, he too began humming and was rewarded with a flood of cum. Instinctively breathing through his nose, he was able to swallow most of it without choking, although a little leaked out at the sides.

When Jim's prick stopped pulsing, Tim released it from his mouth. He stood up, wiped the leftover from his cheek and licked his hand clean. Jim grinned at him and said, "Nice one for a beginner."

Turning back to the host couple, he saw Gordon move his hand behind Virginia's back, and then heard the unmistakable sound of the zipper on her dress being lowered. She stood up and let the dress fall from her. Gordon picked it up and put it next to him on the couch. Then Virginia unhooked her bra and let her large tits free from their confinement. While they did sag, she had the biggest areolas he had ever seen. 

She finished undressing by stepping out of her panties but remained standing. "Come over here and suck on my titties," she said. Magic words to Tim's ears. Standing before her, he hefted both breasts in his hands and was amazed at their weight; his ex-wife's were very small by comparison. Inwardly he was jumping up and down, but he was very cool as he bent down a little and latched onto her right breast.

He slopped and slurped, nibbled on her nipple before attacking the left breast. Very quickly Virginia began to moan pleasurably and then said, "You make me very weak in the knees."

This went on for about two minutes before she took his head in both of her hands, raised him up and planted the most erotic kiss on him that he'd ever had. The kiss lasted long enough for his penis to rise to full staff again.

Virginia finally broke the kiss and sat back down on the couch. Giving him a devilish smile, she said "Now you have to service my cunt."

As he knelt down, he was aware that Gordon had stood up and was taking off his clothes. Under normal circumstances he would have wondered what this meant, but these were far from normal circumstances. As he closed in on her pussy, the aroma her juices were making completely overtook him, and he began to nibble on her clit.

Virginia shrieked as her body stiffened. Her hands immediately found the back of his head so that it would not move. "Oh fuck, that's good," she shouted. "You just keep eating mommy's cunt until she blows up."

Not really needing this encouragement, Tim continued his assault on her clit. He added the periodic lapping of her pussy with his tongue whenever he needed to take a breath. Before he expected, Virginia moaned a couple of times, and then clamped her legs like a vise on his head as she shuddered through a thunderous orgasm.

He could only lick at her pussy as the convulsions racked her body, but she did begin to calm down. Soon she released her knees, and lifted her hands from his head. He sat back on his heals, looked up, grinned at her and said, "So what's next?"

Virginia quickly noticed the return of his erection and said, "Well, I really like it doggy style."

She moved him aside, and went over to the coffee table on the far side of the room. She knelt down, the lay her upper body on the table and said, "It's just the right height."

Tim didn't need to be asked, he just scurried across the floor until he was in the proper position. He knew that she was already wet enough for him, so he grabbed his cock and guided it to her pussy.

"Oh my, that's a good fit," she said.

"Mrs. Taylor, I must say that it's almost as if your cunt has a mind of its own," he replied.

They then commenced in the fucking. Very soon each of them was shouting words like "Fuck", "Harder", "Deeper", and "Faster". Time and space evaporated for Tim. He was lost in his own world of orgasmic bliss, when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He slowed down and looked to see Gordon standing next to him.

"Mind if I join in?" Gordon asked.

"Not at all", he replied.

Gordon then gently pushed Tim on his shoulder so that he leaned forward till his was lying on Virginia's back.

Suddenly, Tim felt his ass cheeks being spread, and something greasy being forced up his rectum. He turned to see Gordon with a smile on his face. "Just getting you ready for my woody," he said.

Without thinking, Tim said, "OK" and prepared himself for yet another new experience.

Slowly and gently, Gordon proceeded with the insertion of his cock into Tim's ass. Tim had never had this feeling of fullness before, but it wasn't altogether uncomfortable. He breathed slowly through his mouth until Gordon was all the way in.

Gordon waited a few moments as he savored the position he was in. "OK everyone, let's see if we can all work together." He started to pull out, which allowed Tim to do the same with Virginia. Once Tim started to move back in, Gordon followed him, and amazingly, very quickly they found a rhythm. Moans and groans filled the room as all three of them moved toward their next orgasms. 

This was almost too much for Tim as his cock seemed to have grown another inch since Gordon had invaded his ass. He quickly looked around him to see that the other couples had also undressed, and were cheering them on. 

Tim was once again reminded of a fantasy he'd had of that cheerleader in high school as he watched Valerie urge him on, while her pert tits waved at him.

All of a sudden, Virginia screamed as her climax pounded through her. He cunt then did magic things to his cock, causing him to shower her insides with a flood of cum. Not to be out done, Gordon grabbed Tim's hips so that he could forcibly plow his cock into Jim's asshole. He could last only five more pumps before he screamed in ecstacy as his cock erupted inside Jim.

The other couples complimented them on their performance, and patted them all just like they had scored the winning touchdown.

It took a couple of minutes for them to untangle themselves, and lay back on the floor. Paul finally looked down and said, "I think that I can speak for the entire committee, and say that you have passed your interview, and will be allowed to participate in future parties."

"I'm glad you responded so well Tim," Becky said. "But before we call this a night, I think that we all could use some more fucking." The rest of the night involved so much imagination on the part of all participants, and required so much energy, that after Tim finally got back home, he slept for the entire next day.