 I first met Sarah shortly after my fiancée and I got together. He introduced her to me, as they were really close friends from High School. Sarah and I got along beautifully and became friends quickly. We spent a lot of time together when she wasn't in college.

My fiancée Daryl and I used to sit and talk about her late into the night sometimes. He kept telling me how she wanted me and that she was really interested in being with a female, but I didn't believe him.

One afternoon Sarah and I went out to lunch. We were sitting there over coffee after we had finished eating our meal. I was taking a sip of my coffee when Sarah suddenly started rattling on about her ass and how she loved women's asses and she wanted me to tell her what I thought of her ass and her breasts. I thought I was going to choke on my coffee for a moment but I was able to regain my composure. I cleared my throat, setting my coffee cup down I smiled and thought of what I was going to say to say to her. Sarah sat there staring at me. I took a deep breath and I began to speak to her;

"Well, Sarah, I would have never guessed that you were interested in knowing the pleasures of being with a woman. I must say I am a little surprised."

Sarah just smiled at me. Then she leaned forward and whispered;

"I really like you a lot Amanda. I have never felt this comfortable with a woman before. You excite me, you make me wet, I desire you and I want to be with you."

I just sat there with my mouth open. I didn't know what to say.

Sarah spoke to me again;

"Amanda, I hope that you don't hate me now. I just felt that I could tell you these things. I thought that maybe you would be interested in me as well. Well would you at least tell me what you think of my body? Do you think that I am at least a little desirable to women?"

I took a sip of my coffee, all the while my mind was screaming over and over 'She wants you Amanda...She really wants you Amanda.' I set down my cup again. I turned and I smiled at her, looking deep into her eyes as I figured out how to word what I wanted to say. Then I spoke to her;

"Well, Sarah; I am flattered that you are attracted to me. I will be honest with you, I find several women attractive, however I am engaged and well I won't be unfaithful. I think that you are very attractive as well. I just don't know if I am the one that should introduce you into the pleasures of being a woman."

Sarah sat there for a moment. Then spoke to me;

"Well, what if I felt okay with Daryl being there?"

I thought for a moment. I had told Daryl about how open I was. He wasn't offended by the idea and well he had actually been a little receptive to having someone else with us in bed once in awhile. I leaned back and spoke softly;

"I will speak to him about it and if it is okay with him then we can maybe make this happen. Are you okay with that answer?"

Sarah nodded her head.

We got up, grabbed our things, paid our bill and walked out to the car. We were both silent as we drove to her home. Once we were inside she sat down on the couch and stared at the floor. Then she sat forward and leaned her head on her hands. I asked her what was wrong. She told me that she wanted to do it soon. I smiled and assured her that I would speak with Daryl this evening when we were relaxing. She was okay with this.

I stayed there and we visited while we cleaned her house. Soon it came time for me to go home. I smiled softly at her as I was standing near the door. Sarah walked over to me, standing close, I looked down and I could see the swells of her ample breasts from within her shirt. She hugged me tight then she whisper to me;

"Will you at least kiss me good-bye Amanda...just a kiss?"

I sighed as I hugged her back. Smiling into her eyes, I leaned forward my lips a fraction of an inch from hers. My hands slid across her back, over her sides, my palms gently cupped her breasts momentarily then slid up her chest coming to rest after I had her face cupped in my hands.

I could feel her trembling, her breasts were rising and falling as she breathed deeply. The feeling of them barely brushing against my arms as they moved made my own breasts feel heavy and the nipples harden.

I watched as she closed her eyes, felt the gentle brush of her tongue against my lips as she licked hers nervously. I closed my eyes as I leaned forward my lips gently touching hers. I could feel her breasts, nipples pebble hard, against mine. Sarah sighed, her lips parting as she did so. I moaned softly as I slid my tongue slowly into her mouth. I felt her freeze when our tongues touched. I spoke ever so softly;

"Relax sweetie. We aren't going to go any farther than a kiss. I am not here to make you do anything you don't want to do."

I felt her relax. My tongue danced and mated with hers sensually slow. I felt her hands come to rest on my hips. I slowly withdrew my tongue, looking at her. She let out a whisper of a sigh as I moved away from her. I smiled as I looked her standing there with her eyes still closed, her lips parted slightly and glistening from the slight wetness of my mouth. She smiled as she opened her eyes slowly. I jiggled my keys and she almost jerked at the sound.

She thanked me for spending the day with her. I thanked her for having me then walked out the door and I left.

That evening as Daryl and I sat together on the couch I spoke to him about what had transpired over lunch. He wasn't against that happening however he left the decision up to me.

I called her a few weeks later on a Wednesday afternoon. We were sitting on the phone talking. Sarah began telling me that she had rekindled her romance with, Doug, her high school sweetheart. He had married and divorced. Just recently he had moved back into the state. They had hooked back up and were seeing each other again. I chuckled softly as she reassured me that she had already spoken with him about her and I. Sarah told me that everything was kosher if we still wanted to plan on things, the only catch was Doug wanted to be there. I didn't have a problem with it and I told her I would speak with Daryl.

Since we were trying to hook up that weekend, I called Daryl at work during his lunch hour and presented the change of plans. He didn't have the slightest thing against it, he wanted whatever I wanted.

I called Sarah back and we made plans for that Saturday evening.

Daryl and I walked into the dimly lit lounge of the Mexican restaurant that we had arranged to meet at. Not seeing them there we went and sat at the bar. Daryl ordered a rum and coke and I ordered an iced tea. We sat there talking softly with each other. We heard Sarah call out our names, we both turned, her and Doug were just sitting down at a booth. Sarah was motioning us over. We grabbed our drinks and joined them. They both ordered drinks and we chatted until we were done with them. Doug left a tip for the hostess and we left. We all agreed to go, pick up an X-rated movie then go to Doug's apartment.

Doug opened the door, holding open as we all went inside. He switched on the light, Daryl and I sat on the couch and they sat on the love seat. We chatted aimlessly for a few.

Sarah was anxious, she was fidgeting. I stood up. Leaned down, grabbed the adult flick and walked over to the VCR. I slid it in and started it. Doug asked me to turn the volume way down so his neighbors wouldn't hear. When I did this Sarah put in a music CD and the sounds of Enigma filled the apartment.

We sat there watching the video for a few. Daryl and turned to each other as we started kissing and caressing each other. The movie had turned us both on. I watched out of the corner of my eye and saw Sarah and Doug kissing and touching each other as well.

Sarah kept stopping and watching me. I smiled and whispered to Daryl;

"Why don't you get comfy, I want to see you stroke your hard cock baby."

I stood up and I slowly swayed and danced around the living room stripping off my clothes as I did so. I felt excited as I saw Doug urging Sarah to join me. Sarah moved nervously out into the middle of the living room. I had to help her relax. I wanted her first time to be enjoyable. I walked over to her my breasts full and heavy, nipples hard, my shaved pussy moistened as I glanced over and saw that both of our men had shed their clothes and were sitting there their cocks hard and standing erect.

I slowly began undressing Sarah. My hands caressing over her soft smooth skin as I removed item after item of her clothing. Soon she was standing before me naked. I stepped back and I allowed myself to look at her body. She has full voluptuous breasts, her nipples were hard and dusty rose colored, she had a satiny smooth tummy, her hips were womanly and full, her pussy was covered with neatly trimmed almost black hair her thighs creamy and trembling. I walked over to her and I took her into my arms. Hugging her close I whispered into her ear;

"Do you want to go on? We can stop right here if you'd like."

Sarah shook her head no.

I placed her hands on my hips, whispering for her to relax and allow herself to feel and explore. Then she shyly leaned and kissed me. I opened my mouth slightly and she slowly slid her tongue inside my warm wet mouth. I moaned softly as I once again was able to taste the sweetness of her almost virgin mouth. It really excited me to know that I was the only woman to ever taste her. She moaned as our tongues mated slowly at first, then more passionately as she allowed herself to get lost in us.

I pulled her warm supple body to mine, our breasts pressed together, our nipples hard, poking into each other. Sarah broke the kiss and she stepped back, both of our faces were flushed slightly as our desire for each other continued to slowly burn stronger and stronger. She let her eyes travel over my body, she smiled as her eyes took in my milky white breasts, the contrast of my tan lines even evident in the dim light, my tummy taut and tanned, my hips wider and more womanly than hers, she moaned as she moved down to my smooth, swollen glistening pussy, my thighs velvety and inviting.

I smiled as I saw a hunger enter her eyes. I pulled her close, pressing my hips against hers, I slid my hands over her hips. I could feel her soft pubic hair tickling my pussy as our hips pressed together, slowly grinding. I leaned and softly nibbled at the sweet skin of her neck. She quivered against me. Then she was like a hungry starving animal. She slid her arms around me, pulling me close, she kissed me hard and passionately, and I kissed her just as passionately. My hands slid up along her hips, up her tummy, over her sides and then gently cupped her full breast, gently squeezing them and caressing them. Sarah moaned as my fingers found her hard nipples, rolling them and squeezing them firmly. She pressed hips harder against mine. Sarah's hands slid down over my ass, firmly grasping them in and squeezing as she attempted to press even closer.

I slowly started moving us down towards the carpet. We sank lower and lower until we were kneeling in front of each other. Our hands roamed almost hungrily over each other's body. Her hand brushed against my aching pussy. I groaned as my hips thrust forward, my cunt aching to feel her fingers and her mouth. I lowered my head, my tongue circling over each nipple as my hand slid between her thighs. My finger slid in between her hot dripping folds, gliding along her dripping tight slit and coming to rest as it touched her swollen twitching clit.

Sarah gasped as my fingers circled and rubbed her clit, her hips thrusting back and forth against my hand. Her head falling back as her body began to move of its own accord. I was almost ready to cum as I watched her moving with such unleashed passion at my touch. Then I stopped. Her eyes flew open and she groaned, whimpering;

"Amanda? I need you."

I slowly laid her back on the carpet. Her thighs spread apart for me as I knelt between them. My fingers teased her spasming tight slit. I slid one finger in deep as I nibbled on her trembling thighs. I looked over at the guys; they were stroking their hard cock fast, moaning loudly, their hips thrust as they jerked their cocks hard. I could see their heads covered with precum. They watch Sarah and I intently. I motioned with my other hands for them to come over and join us. Then I purred as I slid another finger into Sarah's hot tight hole. My hips grinding into the floor as my mouth covered her pulsing pussy. My tongue sliding between her swollen lips and flicking over her clit faster and faster, my fingers, dripping with her juices, plunging in and out of her cunt. Her hips were bucking up and down hard in perfect rhythm as I finger fucked her sweet pussy.

I felt hands lifting my ass into the air as I sucked and nibbled her pussy and clit. I looked up Sarah's writhing body, groaning as I saw Daryl poised over her face, stroking his cock almost feverishly. I raised my head, replacing my fingers where my mouth was. I moaned as I spoke to Daryl;

"That's it baby, oh I want to see you fucking her sweet mouth, now."

That was all the prompting that he needed. He groaned as he slid his massive cock deep into her mouth. I gasped as I felt Doug's pulsing cock spread my dripping cunt lips apart. Doug growled animalistically as he slammed his cock deep into my tiny tight cunt. I arched and cried out. Daryl began panting and grunting as he fucked sweet Sarah's mouth. I took her cunt into my mouth again, my tongue slipping into her wet hole. My hands slid under her ass and over her hips, I gripped her against my tongue and mouth hard as she thrust and bucked against me. My nose slid over her almost spasming clit each time Doug slammed his rock hard cock deep in my rippling and spasming cunt, my walls gripping almost vice like.

Sarah reached up and cupped Daryl's balls, with her other hand she raked her nails over his thighs, hips and stomach. My tongue fucked her cunt wildly. Sarah arched, her body shaking, I could feel her pussy swelling clinging to my tongue. Daryl hissed and pulled his cock out of her mouth his hand gripping just below the shaft hard. He broke out into a sweat as he squeezed and jerked his cock hard, as he stopped himself from cumming. Doug almost yelled as he took his cock out of my cunt and pressed it hard against my ass cheek. Straining and growling as he tried to stop the flow of cum. I felt a few hot burning globs fall against my ass. Then he pulled away and gripped the head of his cock. His body shaking as he willed his orgasm away.

Sarah arched her ass off the ground, screaming out as her body begins shaking. Her body tense as I pull her harder against me;

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

Sarah's hot cum flooded into my mouth. Swallowing every last drop as she jerked and spasmed before me. Her sweet nectar fuel to my passion. I released her precious cunt from my mouth and I slid up her body and kissed her tenderly and passionately. She moaned as she tasted her cum from my lips and mouth. I wrapped my arms around her, hugging her close. Releasing her, I turned around and slid between her thighs and positioned our cunts against one another.

Doug slid behind her and Daryl slid behind me. Daryl slid the engorged head of his cock between my ass cheeks, I pressed back against him, moaning as his cock pressed harder against my tiny pink pucker. I gasped as the head of his slid quickly into my tight ass. His cock was bigger and harder than I ever felt before. My asshole snapping tight into place over the rim of his cock. Shaking and panting as I asked him to stop;

"Stop. God...wait, wait, please let me get used to you."

Daryl paused for a moment and then as we watched Sarah cry out and grab my hand, her nails digging in deep, I whimpered at the slight pain of her nails, Doug groaned and hissed;

"Fuckkkkkkkkk Babyyyyyy!! Your ass is so fucking tight!"

I arched and cried out as Daryl couldn't contain himself anymore and slammed his huge cock into my ass, the head hitting bottom hard. My hips thrust forward, grinding my clit hard against Sarah's. Sarah looked into my eyes as our men started pumping their cocks in and out of our asses. We held hands, all of us lying on the floor, our legs intertwined. Sarah and I thrust with our men, pressing back hard against them, our pussies rocking and grinding against each other.

I panted, smiling at Sarah as we moved against each other, our thrust becoming faster and faster as Daryl and Doug fucked us harder and faster. I could feel my orgasm drawing closer, Sarah and I sobbing, whimpering as our tight ass were ravaged by our men. Our hands squeezing tighter and tighter, our sobbing turning into cries of pleasure, Sarah's rubbing feverishly against mine and mine against hers. I screamed out;

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKKKK!! YESSSSSSSSSS AHHHHHHH AHHHHHHH AHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHH IM GONNA CUM, IM GONNA CUM!!"

Sarah screamed out as she arched and bucked against my cunt, I pumped feverishly against hers. Daryl was grunting and panting in my ear;

"You little sluts are so hot together!! Shittttttttttttttttttttttt!! OHHHHHHHHH BABYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!! IM GOING TO CUMMMMMMM!!"

Daryl gripped my hips hard and slammed his cock in deep. His cock swollen and jerking. Doug growled and softly bit into Sarah's shoulder as he grunted with each thrust. Doug arched his head back and cried out as he shot wad after wad of his cum deep into Sarah's ass. Sarah shook and spasmed as I felt her hot cum flooding against my pussy, I screamed, my hips jerking hard and slamming back, straining forward, my hot cum mixing with Sarah's, our thighs wet from our cum. Daryl hissed and grabbed my hair, jerking my head back, his cock spewing stream after stream of cum into my ass;

"DOES THAT FEEL GOOD YOU LITTLE SLUT??!! MMMMHHMMM I KNOW THAT YOU WANTED ME TO FUCK YOUR ASS HARD!!"

Our sounds of intense orgasms filled the apartment. The cries' becoming sobs, the sobs becoming gasps. Our bodies were relaxing from the frenzied coupling. We all lay together, holding each other, stroking and caressing, softly kissing and tasting. Soon Sarah was almost asleep and we slowly untangled from each other. I leaned down and I kissed Sarah softly on the lips. Taking Daryl's hand we got up out of the floor and went into the spare room and went to bed, leaving Doug and Sarah in living room.

The next morning we all sat at the table, eating our breakfast and talking of when we could do this again. Sarah and I just smiling at each other.