 Chap 1 - A Tourist Accident

I was in my third year of medical school when my parents died on an eco-tourist expedition to the Zambezi. Despite prolonged and expensive efforts, no trace of their bodies, or of the other tourist couple and the guides in their canoe, were ever located. The only explanation that came back to me and other members of the family from Africa was that a rogue male hippo in the grip of mating fever was responsible.

About a month after the accident, there was a service for mom and dad in their neighborhood church. I was expected to say something, and did. I was brief. I recounted the energy with which they attacked life, whether at work or at play. I pointed to the efforts they supported to improve the human condition. As their only child, I said that I felt a special duty to carry on as they had. I named a charity where contributions could be sent. Afterwards, I stayed the minimum amount of time necessary to say hello to the friends and relatives present, and made my excuses.

It took only a day or two for me to see that sitting around in a gloomy funk was a hell of a way to grieve. If my dad had been there, his advice would have been, "Get off your ass and do something." 

My parents had made several large gifts to the medical school, and the Dean looked me up to express his regrets. He added that if I needed some extra time to get back in sync with my classmates, that could be arranged.

The conversation brought me up short with the realization that the frenzy of the last year of medical school was leaving me behind unless I really did get off my ass.

In a month, I was caught up, but without enthusiasm for the work. The M.D., and the internship and residency beyond it no longer seemed like the Holy Grail. I went for hard early morning runs and lectured myself that it was foolhardy to throw away seven years of university just because of a personal tragedy I could have done nothing to prevent. I kept at the grind.

My dad's lawyer called and said the accidental death outside the U.S. with no bodies meant months, probably a year or more, before any estate matters got settled. He said that as trustee of my grandfather's trust for me, he could invade it for a variety of emergency needs and I shouldn't worry about money while finishing school. 

My sometimes girlfriend Alison and I had been drifting away from each other, and the accident ended us as a couple. I kissed her and told her I had too many issues to have a girlfriend.

Graduation and the internship letters came right after each other. I stood looking at the posting with my classmates. I'd gotten my first choice and was being pounded on the back for my good fortune. I closed my eyes and knew with sudden clarity that I wasn't going to accept. I didn't know what I was going to do, but it was not a medical internship. I found Alison, who was sniffling a bit over getting a third choice and told her internships were a year of ridiculous hazing regardless of where you went, and that she still had a great chance at a good residency afterwards. Then I sought out our academic advisor and told him of my decision. He gave me a hard look and said, "You've thought about this, haven't you?" I told him of my doubts about life direction and the need to find myself again. Then I asked for a special favor, and said that if he could replace me with Alison, that would be very nice, because she had been kind to me after the accident. Two weeks later, Alison showed up at my apartment door. I showed her in and offered a drink. When I came back to the living room, she was sitting on the sofa with nothing on but a smile. 

"I owe you a special thanks. Professor Allen says he talked me into your intern slot!"

I handed her the glass, but she also grabbed my hand and pulled me down into her lap. Suddenly, I was looking up at her past two jutting nipples on the front of the nicest boobs around. First, I got a nipple brushing across my lips and then I got a long hot kiss while her free hand was undoing my pants. 

She panted into my ear, "After we broke up, I was sure I could find another guy, but nothing worked. I haven't had any sex in six months and I am really horny." She closed in for another kiss.

I decided not to tell her that between one thing and another, I hadn't been laid in six months either. I stood up and stepped out of my pants and picked her up. I walked into the kitchen and sat her on the counter while I made us two super sized margaritas and found some munchies. It took several detours for kisses and nipple tweaks to get things ready. I think she was discovering that what she thought was a sympathy fuck was looking up. I was smiling and telling her jokes. Actually, making the decision to pass up the internship had lifted a load on me. Or at least it felt that way. I picked her up over my shoulder so I could massage her fine ass and went into the bedroom, where I gave her a big toss that landed her in the middle of the bed. I went into the bathroom and grabbed the special tube my sister left the last time she was in town, then stopped in the kitchen for the drink tray and returned to the bedroom. My former lover was stretched out with one leg up and everything showing. Her eyes were fastened on my prick which was erect and pointing at her.

I set the tray down on the night table and climbed in behind her with my back to the headboard, cushioned by pillows. I pulled her up on my thighs facing me and handed her a drink. I clinked glasses with her and toasted, "Here's to the nicest, sexiest woman in my class, and the best intern St. Agatha's Hospital will ever have."

She took a large gulp of the drink and let it work its way down inside her. Then she hitched herself forward until her front was up against me and gave me an incredible kiss. My fingers worked her nipples as my cock rose up between us. She whispered, "Why did we break up? This is very nice. I'm in love with you all over again. "

I grabbed the green tube and showed it to her. "Read me what it says."

"Lover's Cream, guaranteed edible." She looked at me and blushed. "Tony, you're not..."

I interrupted. "Hold still. Put your hands on my shoulders and kiss me." She obeyed and I spread a generous layer of the cream on my fingers and moved them to her pussy right down in front of me. A very wet and throbbing pussy. Our tongues were trading spit back and forth. In between kisses she was twitching and letting out low moans. I worked the cream carefully into her pussy lips, and then sent a fingerful up into her cunt, which contracted around me. I stayed away from her clit. If I rubbed her there, a giant orgasm was likely. I squeezed a line of cream out across her breasts, then brought my fingers up to work it in, making sure the stiff nipples got their share.

"Tony, I can't take more of this. I have to have you."

With my mouth tightly fastened to her left nipple, I placed my hands on her ass and raised it up and forward. The tip of my erection was grazing her cleft.

"Tony, please, please."

I let her down on me. We had been coupled many times before like this and it felt good. Damn good.

"Oh shit. I am really going to miss your big cock, Tony. " She squeezed me, hard. I thrust up into her, gently.

"Relax a bit, Alison, we're not in a hurry, are we?"

I reached over and got her drink. She took another large gulp, stared at me with her best "fuck me" eyes, and rocked back and forth.

I tried to guage how much loving our six months of abstinence would produce. All night? Half the night?

I said in a low macho voice, "I haven't had a chance to taste that stuff my sister left behind."

She hissed in my ear, "You are NOT going to make we wait while you lick that all off!"

By the time she finished saying that, I had her off my prick and was sliding down under her.

Thirty seconds after my mouth and my fingers went to work, Alison was screaming her head off with a giant orgasm, twisting and shaking and beating her hands on me. Her cream and my sister's cream were like a warm milkshake. I pulled her down alongside me and fed her my cream coated fingers.

She melted into me and her tongue filled my mouth. Her eyes were closed but her body was still doing little twitches here and there.

She whispered to me, "What about your lonesome cock?"

"Unless you're racing out of here to your next date, he's feeling patient."

I pulled the spread up over us. Her head was tucked into me. I kissed her hair and played with her ears. She lay back and said, "I thought I was going to be in and out of here in an hour."

"Do I get to kid you about giving the orphan his sympathy fuck?"

"No, I don't think so. I wanted to say a proper goodbye and I wasn't even sure there was sex involved. You were really down when we broke up."

She added softly, "Things are better?"

"Things are definitely better, but after all these years of having my life totally organized for me, I actually have to figure a few things out." I leaned over and kissed her again. She sat up and drained her glass. One hand was fisting me back to life. Then she was stretched out on top of me, having gotten herself speared nicely. 

"If I invite you to see me at St. Agatha's on my once a month weekend off, will you come?"

"And have sex with you while you catch up on sleep deprivation?"

We laughed. She mused at me, "Did I ever get awakened by your eager cock in me?" She squeezed me to make the point.

Before I could respond, "Of course, by then you'll have a couple of hotties on each arm."

"And some tall alpha male will be buried ten inches deep in you."

She turned us over. "Fuck me, Tony. Give me something to remember you by."

I did. By morning, she was hoarse from cuming at least a dozen times, and I had shot off in her four times myself.

I smelled coffee and opened my eyes. The sun was shining on those marvelous tits, and she was extending a fresh cup to me. 

Alison lay back against me and sighed. "Why don't we fly to Vegas, get married, buy a Jeep, drive to some green mountain meadow in Utah, open a clinic, and live happily ever after?"

I hugged her and sighed myself. There was a thought in my head that marrying this woman might make me a better man than I was, and chasing rainbows with her would be fun.

She sat up. "I can smell me. I can smell you on me. We better have a shower."

The hot water hit us and there was a total meltdown. Tears from both of us. Our lives were turning corners and it wasn't all that fun. I soaped her and rubbed us together. We stepped into each other and cried some more. When the hot water ran out, the tears were gone.

Her folks were coming at noon to help move her stuff out of the apartment. Which reminded me to get organized to move out myself.

Hugs and kisses and strangled goodbyes and it was over. I gave a last wave as she turned the corner.

Chap 2 - Helen

I called Frank Conover, my father's lawyer, on Monday morning and asked to come by and get an update on where things stood with the estate. Told him I had some vague plans about what I wanted to do next with my life. He said to come over just before lunch.

I sent Randy Francis, my best buddy and skiing partner from high school, an email asking "You there?" and telling him to call me when he had a chance.

I called my aunt Helen and asked if I could spend a week or two at the family lake cabin. 

"Tony, you are always welcome there. Please do go up. Malcolm and I won't be around until the 4th."

I went down to auto row and bought a used Toyota pickup of recent vintage with all the offroad options, and headed over to Frank's office.

He had some news. "We've started the process of getting a court determination that your parents are legally dead, so that the estate can go to probate. It's going faster than I thought but we are months away from a judgment. I should tell you that my inventory of the estate shows that it will likely exceed twenty million after debts and taxes are paid. And you are the sole heir under their wills. In the meantime, your grandfather's trust, which will terminate when you are twenty-five, three years from now, has done very well lately, and has a value of nearly five million."

He smiled at me, "Do you suppose you can get by on five million until the estate is settled?"

"Frank, I really appreciate your dealing with a sad piece of business. I know my folks wanted me to make my own way in the world, but it won't hurt to have resources." I smiled back at him. We agreed to stay in touch by email because I wasn't sure where I was going after moving out of the apartment.

The next stop was a store to acquire an armful of boxes and tape.

I was feeling acutely lonely at Alison's departure. A little voice said, call up one of the other girls in your class. I said, shut up, I'm still in love. I thought about calling her, and realized that was the worst thing I could do.

After an hour of taping boxes, I either had to go for a run, or go to a bar. Actually, I did both. As I sat at the bar in the old student hangout, munching on a too large hamburger, and slurping a too large beer, the end of year enthusiasm around me was loud and joyous. Whatever the outcome, another school year was over. Hallelujah. I looked around carefully. When you come back, buddy, everything is going to be past tense. That made me gloomy. Everyone tells you to live in the moment, but when the moment is up, some part of you is gone. 

I was almost back to the apartment when my phone rang. It was Helen. "Hi, believe it or not I'm in your backyard at a conference. I was going to suggest lunch, but it's a little late for that now. "

I broke in and asked if dinner at my place would work. She gushed at me, "That sounds wonderful, Tony, is there one of your margaritas to go with that?"

"For my best aunt? Always." I gave her directions and stopped at the market for supplies.

When I opened the door, there was Helen looking incredibly impressive in a tailored suit and heels. She was a tall woman, and in her heels, her eyes were level with mine and I am six foot.

I showed her in and offered the promised margarita. "Could I possibly use your shower? I really need a cleanup."

I had the margarita waiting and was working on a salad when she appeared in the archway with the big bath towel wrapped around her. I smiled at her and said, "Well that's an improvement. If you weren't joined at the hip to Malcolm, I'd make an instant pass at you."

She smiled and blushed at me. "Tony, you have those dancing Calabrese eyes that get girls into trouble. How's your love life? Before you answer that, please let me have one of your big shirts or something. I can't stand the idea of getting back into those conference clothes."

I came back from my room with a nice clean white shirt. She dropped the towel, showing me a fine back view, and pulled on the shirt. It went to the bottom of her butt, barely. She turned around and asked, "How many buttons do I need to close?"

I turned her back around, pulled the shirt open and took a grip on her firm breasts. Then leaned forward and kissed her neck. She relaxed against me. "I guess it is not just your eyes that are dangerous, is it?" 

Before she detected something getting hard, I moved around and got back to fixing the salad. The soup was already simmering. She sat at the counter, with a lot of chest showing, and sipped her drink.

"You're very nice to take in an old lady like me. Are you going to offer me shelter for the night? I'd just as soon not go back to that hotel room. Why do I feel so damn comfortable around you? You didn't answer my question about your love life."

I laughed. "That's an awful lot of questions at once. First, yes, please stay the night, we can fix up the sofabed in the living room. Second, I feel as comfortable around you as you say you are around me. We must have good chemistry. Third. my girlfriend and I cried our eyes out the night before last because she is taking up an internship at St. Agatha's and I'm not. "

I finished the salad and started serving the thick soup I had prepared. She walked around the counter, hugged me to her ample chest, and kissed me on the lips. "Hmmm. I remember my college first love and I went through that kind of breakup too. We were going to grad schools thousands of miles away from each other. I cried off and on for a week."

We took the bowls into the living room and sat down on the sofa next to each other. The tail of the shirt was not quite covering up Helen's best parts. I grabbed the throw from behind me and spread it over her knees. She looked at me and said, "Decency is restored?" I leaned over and pinched a nipple through the open slot in the front of the shirt. "Naughty." But it didn't sound like she meant it.

The soup was good. The salad was good. The toasted french bread was good. The pinot noir was excellent.

She was hungry and the food went down fast. I looked at her empty bowl and said, "There's some ice cream to go with that, if you like."

She pulled up the shirt tail, uncovering a very flat belly for a woman close to fifty. "You see that. It doesn't stay like that because I eat ice cream!"

She lay back, still maintaining decency with the sofa blanket, and said, "turn out the lights and come back here and cuddle with me so we can talk. I haven't been this relaxed in years."

As I was about to climb in behind her, she said, "And lose those pants too."

We wiggled around for a minute, getting adjusted. I wasn't hard, fortunately, but wondered how long that would last, especially after she placed my hand under the shirt on her warm, handfilling boob. 

"There, that's better. Now we can talk."

What happened was that we both were asleep in an instant. 

I woke up as she was gently removing my hand from inside the shirt. "Have to pee," she said.

I followed behind. "Me too."

She took my hand and pulled me into the bathroom with her. When she sat down and noisily let loose, she also reached out and fondled me. "You are nice and large, Tony. The girls must like that."

With her hand on me, I was getting larger fast. She laughed and stroked me some more, then leaned forward and kissed the head. She wiped and stood up. "Now you." She pulled the hard thing in the right direction and pointed it down. I obliged with a stream. She leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. I found a glass in the dark and got us some water. 

"Is it ok if we crawl into your bed? That sofa is hard on my old girl back."

She padded into my room, pulled back the covers, dropped the shirt, and slipped inside. I went to make sure the front door was locked and chained. On the way back I decided she wanted bare skin in the bed with her and obliged.

In my ear, she said, "I feel so naughty, naked in a bed with my studly nephew. In my mother's day, this was living in sin."

I pulled her back against my front, lifting her leg to make room for my erection, and said, "Sleep, woman, not sex." She sighed and we went quickly to dreamland. 

I heard the shower in the morning, but decided to stay where I was until she finished. It shut off after a while and I was about to get up when she walked into my room, wrapping her hair in a towel, but otherwise gloriously naked.

She pulled the sheet down, baring my backside, and began applying lotion to her legs. I turned over and admired her. She looked at me, and my hardening cock, and went back to her lotion. I sat up behind her, put my hand around front and asked for lotion in it.

Her neck and back were tense, but loosened nicely as I worked the muscles. She made approving noises and said, "I'm going to turn over, but you are to do all of me, both sides."

The tone was light, with an edge in it. She lay there knees up and closed and waited for me to work on her feet. I sat crosswise to her legs and worked all the bones and muscles of her feet. 
