 This is one of those stories you'd expect to see in the "Letters to Penthouse," but instead, here it is.

I'm on the back end of being middle-aged. I qualify for senior citizens discounts at some stores. I'm past my prime, single, and was about to give up on ever having a satisfying relationship ever again. Not wanting to give up quite yet, I placed an honest ad on an alternative personals web site, sat back, and waited for the crazies to reply. To be completely honest, I thought I'd only get responses from guys pretending to be girls, if I got any responses at all. In my ad I stated that I had two possibilities in mind. If it was not to be a long term relationship but rather a playtime situation with little or no sex involved, I wanted a female masochist. My preference was for a long-term relationship with a younger, bisexual female couple who wanted an older male influence in their relationship. You can see why I thought the responses would be bogus.

A few days passed after I posted my ad and I received nothing, not even the phonies. Finally I saw that I had a response. I was both eager to read it and tempted to ignore it, but my curiosity won out. As I read the message I couldn't help but wonder if someone was pulling my leg. Here's the text of the message I read:

Dear Uncle Johnny,

We're Annie and Suzie, a couple of bi girls who live and work together. We have a special situation and hope you may be able to help. We dance and wait tables at [name removed], a men's club in town. That's where we met. Shortly after we met we decided to move in together to save money and, well, because we had the hots for each other. LOL! After a night at the club we're practically always horny as hell and we can hardly wait to get back home and satisfy our urges. The one big problem we have is that we want a man involved, but since the club doesn't allow us to date the customers, we don't know anybody! 

Your ad appealed to us in more than one way. Obviously, we like the idea of having a mature man helping us with our sexual urges. We also like the fact that you want more than just sex. Sometimes we're naughty and need a good spanking (or more) and think you could help us there, too. The only catch with that is that spankings would have to be reserved for times when we don't have to work the next night, just in case there's any bruising or welts.

We both have recent STD test results to show that we're clean. Actually, we've been monogamous since we moved in together, and that was nearly a year ago.

If you're at all interested in helping us, please email us at [address removed]. Please give us a chance! We're both real. We'll be happy to show you on webcam, talk on the phone or whatever you want to prove we're for real. Keep in mind that when we work we don't get home until the early morning hours, but if you reply, we'll reply as soon as we can! 

Looking forward to hearing from you very soon, Annie and Suzie

I thought to myself, what the heck? Reply, ask some questions and see what happens! The worst that could happen is they (or the player) would get my hopes up and then vanish into thin air. The best that could happen is that they are real and they really want to have a kinky "uncle" join them.

I composed a polite message, telling them a little bit about myself and things I enjoy doing, both vanilla and kinky. I asked about each of them, their interests, and just to be safe, asked them to pick a time to meet on webcam. After clicking the Send button, I pushed back in my chair and started wondering what in the world I was about to get myself into.

Since it was the early afternoon, I didn't know if I'd get a response soon or not, or at all. I decided to surf the 'net a while and keep a watch on my email account, just in case. To my surprise, about 5 minutes later I heard the "ding" of the email notifier signaling a new message had just arrived. I stopped what I was doing and opened the inbox. Sure enough, there sat a message from Annie and Suzie! I opened it quickly and read that they wanted to get on webcam now, but apologized that since they hadn't been awake very long and hadn't put on any makeup, I needed to forgive their appearance. (They dance at a men's club, right? How bad could they look?)

I logged into the IM application and clicked "OK" to allow them to be my friends. Right away I get a message containing two smilies. Before I can type "Hello," I receive a request to view their webcam, which I promptly accept. Staring back at me are two giggling young girls wearing T-shirts. They introduce themselves, waving, giggling and apologizing for being such a mess. Annie reminds me of Angie Harmon, but younger and with red hair. She tells me that she's 24. Suzie is a dead ringer for Scarlett Johansson, but with smaller breasts. She says she's 23. 

I ask myself who is paying them to pull a fast one over on me. I turn on my webcam, send them an invite, and in a moment I see them both pause their giggling and smile at their computer monitor. The next thing I see is a message on my screen, "When can we meet?" 

I ask when they have to work next. 

"Tonight." 

I ask when they get back home. 

"If we hurry, probably around 1:30 AM... and we'll hurry!" 

I ask if they want to wait until another time. 

"No - tonight is good!" 

I ask where they want to meet. 

"Here is fine." 

I ask if they feel safe doing that. 

"It's 2 against 1. Besides, you wouldn't hurt your nieces, would you?" 

I get their address and cell phone number, just in case anything happens.

As I'm writing down the information, I catch a glimpse out of the corner of my eye of Annie lifting up Suzie's T-shirt. I stop writing and watch. Suzie raises her arms straight up and Annie pulls the T-shirt up and off, leaving Suzie nude. They kiss a moment before Annie removes her own T-shirt and turns to the keyboard. 

"Can you see okay?" 

I nod my head up and down. Annie smiles, gets on all fours with her hairless pussy pointing at the webcam, and then buries her face in Suzie's pussy. A second or two later I see Annie start fingering herself, first one finger in her pussy, and then two. Suzie leans back and rests on her elbows as Annie continues licking her. After a few minutes of watching this, Annie pauses and turns to the keyboard again and types, "I'm getting her ready for you. She needs to get fucked, and I want to lick her clean after you're done with her." 

I think to myself, "Is it getting hot in here?" I send back a question, "Is that what Suzie wants?"

The reply I get, "Suzie wants you to fuck her in her mouth, pussy and ass, and she wants you to fill her with cum so I can lick it out of her."

I ask if that's what Annie wants and I get the reply, "Yes, and I want to kiss and lick you all over. I think I need a spanking, too."

I repeat my question to myself, "Is it getting hot in here?"

Annie turns her attention back to Suzie who is now up on all-fours. Annie moves to the side so I can see her tongue starting to work into Suzie's asshole as she fingers the glistening pussy just below. It's obvious that they know each other's desires as Suzie lowers her head, raising her ass up for Annie to lick. As Annie thrusts two fingers in and out of Suzie's pussy, Suzie rubs her own clit furiously. 

In just a few minutes I see Suzie's body jerk suddenly, and Annie moves her mouth down to try and catch the spray as Suzie cums hard. Annie rolls underneath and in an instant her face disappears as Suzie lowers herself onto Annie's mouth. I watch intently as Suzie grinds her pussy into Annie's face, dragging her juicy cunt from chin to nose and back again. 

Suzie gets up and turns around so she's now facing the webcam. With a look of contentment on her face, she leans forward slightly and pinches Annie's nipples tightly, then twists and pulls them as if she's trying to stretch them or even pull them off. One nipple slips from her grip so Suzie slaps the tit hard several times before gripping the nipple again. After working both nipples mercilessly, Suzie releases them, leans forward more, and starts pulling on Annie's inner pussy lips. She pulls them down, up and to the side. She attempts to tie them in a knot. When that fails, she plunges two fingers inside the pussy and pumps them in and out as she pinches Annie's clit. 

Since there's no microphone on the webcam, I can't hear what's going on, but from the hands pounding the bed and the legs flailing about, I can tell that Annie is either really enjoying this, or really hating it. After several more minutes, the legs settle down, as do the hands pounding, and Suzie slides off to lie beside Annie. Annie raises up, her face glistening with Suzie's juices, and reaches her own fingers down to her pussy. She slides in two fingers, pulls them out and licks them clean. She then rolls over on top of Suzie, kisses her on the mouth and starts to slide her soaked pussy up and down one of Suzie's thighs. Just as it appears she's getting into a steady rhythm, she stops abruptly, looks to the computer and then hurries to type something in IM. "Sorry - we have to get ready for work! Looking forward to meeting you! Hope we can last that long. LOL!"

I parroted back my sentiments and said I'd see them about 1:30 at their place.

And then it all started to hit me. What if I wasn't as appealing in person? What if I liked them but they didn't like me? What if they were size queens? What if I couldn't keep up with them? What if I was being setup to be robbed or blackmailed or something?

I guess I'd find out the answers to those questions in another ten hours or so.