 Joel stood tall with what appears to the world as a calm assurance before the window, the thoughts in his head mulling over the upcoming trials of the day. Thoughts taking his mind away from the breathtaking view that lay out before him from the top floor of the building his company built. Hands clasped behind his back with a slight frown making his brow furrow, he ponders the upcoming flurry of interviews for the position with his company. Showing just a hint of the frustration when he turns and seems almost to stalk towards his computer. Coming to a stop in front of it, he punches a few quick commands into it and the screen lights up with the view of the area outside his office. He looks over the usual array of women in dark business suits, all there to apply for the position of executive assistant for himself and his partner. One fist on the desk, knuckles resting atop while he uses the arrow keys to pan the camera around the room. Every woman out there seeming to be carefully coiffed and arranged with an eye to attract the eye of any man that passed through the outer sanctum of the suite.

Just as there seems to be a flurry of movement just at the outer edge of the view of the camera, the door between the two offices opens. His hand hovering over the arrow key, as if to tap it a few times to see what caught his eye, the privacy of the inner sanctum is filled with the presence of his best friend and business partner. The more laid back of the pair usually, Blake comes in while raking his hand through the dark hair that is sorely in need of a haircut. Irritation rolling off him in waves while making his way to the coffee pot in the small counter in the corner of the room. Pouring himself a cup, then holding up the pot as if in asking Joel if he needs some too, he offers a refill. Shaking his head at Blake, Joel turns back and uses the arrows to pan the room out there again before growling "I fucking hate this shit" while jerking his chin towards the view on the computer screen. 

Blake nods in agreement while coming over to stand by his friend, looking as he does before going to take a seat on the couch, long legs stretching out before him as he takes the first sip of coffee. Grimacing at the taste of the harsh, bitter brew. "Hate it or not Joel, I hate your coffee making skills more" while giving a shake of his head, as if shaking the last few cobwebs from his mind and coming fully awake. 

Another sip and shake of his head, the look on Blake's face showing that the coffee didn't get better with familiarity, he snorts and sets it down. "Lets get this shit show on the road and get us a girl that can handle us both this time". The double meaning of his statement not missed in the slightest by his friend, the answering grin on Joel's lips showing the meaning is caught and understood completely, as he nods.

They had been friends for a lot of years, before this company had been built even, and over the years developing some of the less socially acceptable appetites. Sharing their women had been a first a lovely rare moment, but over the years, they became drawn more and more to it, until it became the thing they both loved best, the two of them together making a woman fall apart between them the greatest pleasure for them both. A smile and a look exchanging the similarity of their thoughts, to get this interview process over for a permanent executive assistant so they could get on to what they really wanted to be looking for. A permanent partner for them to share, to begin on building the life and family they both feel ready to seek.

Both of the men taking a seat on opposite couches in the larger of the two offices, Blake with his coffee in hand again drinking, while Joel uses the phone on the table to call the woman manning the desk out front "send in the first one with her resume."  

So begins the parade of women coming in and out of the office, to sit demurely in the chair set between the two couches and facing the table. The backdrop of the city laid out beyond the floor to ceiling glass windows. Every one of the women with perfect references, a few buttons of a blouse seemingly carelessly left undone, sensual perfume wafting round each of them until it becomes a disturbing cacophony of scents left in the room after each is dismissed from their consideration. The numbers dwindling as each fails the process of interviewing for what they seek for their work lives, a woman fully capable of handling both of their varied needs in the office. Finally just before lunch, a last woman is sent in to the inner sanctum of the powerhouse that is their shared office space. 

Belle enters the room on demure flats, a flowing sort of skirt seeming to float about her legs, the simple but classic lines of her blouse framing lush curves and tucked into the skirt. This one completely different from the flow of women that had appeared previously, this one with no pretense or artful attempts at seduction during the interview, she takes a seat in the chair. Ankles crossed to the left, the slightest shift of her legs has her offering a professional and demure manner before them both. They look up startled, the manner of calm assurance a striking contrast from her slightly bohemian but professional air that wraps about her with a serene expression upon her face. 

Nearly undone by the sight of the two men with such strikingly different but equally handsome features, her breath is momentarily stuck in her throat. Blake the darker of the two, a rakish appeal with the longish hair and dark lashes framing dark and vividly blue eyes, the fullness of his lips positively sinful as she looks at him. Hands resting in her lap to keep them from twisting, only the iron control she is used to exercising keeping them from shaking visibly. Not betraying a bit of her internal twisting emotions when she turns her head, nodding as Joel comes fully to her attention, the chiseled cheekbones and blue eyes so crystalline, she mental swears to herself. Getting lost for a moment in his gaze before she speaks, she offers in the naturally low and rich tone "Hello, thank you for the opportunity and interviewing me. I'm Isabella McGuire and it is a pleasure to meet you Mr. Jamison and Mr. Whit." while setting her resume on the table between the two men. 

Blake Jamison sits a moment in silence, perusing her form, then her resume while Joel Whit just looks her over, from the long dark hair swept up and back into what seems to be to be a slightly unruly topknot, curls loosely framing her face along her cheek bones. Eyes a sharp and vivid green meeting his, lashes that frame them long and thick, not a bit of enhancement on her face other than a thin gloss that makes her lips shine in the sunlight streaming into the room through the massive windows. Looking so sweet and innocent while trying so very hard to give the impression of being able to tackle anything, the mix of it catching both men. A shared look between the Blake and Joel when his gaze tears away from her, not anything visible to her but a shared thought of the potential that winds through both their minds. 

Blake hands the resume across the table to Joel before asking the first of a series of questions, computer program and her understanding of them. Rapid fire come the questions from Blake, with Joel adding in some now and again to see if she could keep up. Their baritone voices deep and rich, almost simultaneously it seems with the flurry of questions until her mind is nearly whirling with the speed. The sound of their voices causing a deep reaction that she struggles to hide from them both, hands on her lap beginning to play with the soft cotton of the skirt. The darkening of her eyes as she watches them both, her voice seeming to grow huskier with every answer until she feels like she can barely breath. 

Heady desire curling low in her belly, just listening to them, answering their questions, almost as if she is jumping to sharp commands from them both. With a conscious thought of calming her reactions, not knowing what to make of such a strong tug of need that is burning through her body for these two men. Nipples peaking and scraping against the lace of her bra, the movement caused by her breathing dragging those sensitive nubs back and forth against the lace until she is nearly ready to scream in her head with need. Clenching her jaw when the questions end, her body screaming at her "beg them to touch you!" while her head is howling just as loud "get your shit together girl, it's a job interview for gods sake!"

Joel rising startling the hell out of her, he crosses the room with a relaxed stride to the phone, lifting the receiver and speaking into the receiver "Order lunch from the shop on the first floor. Fruit plates and a mix of meats and cheeses. Whole grain rolls. Here in the office in one hour" as he watches her from across the room, then moving his gaze to Blake as well, a nod of agreement passing between them. Hanging up the receiver, he doesn't even wait for the reply, the air of a man that is used to his every whim and command obeyed without question. Now the look in his eyes more predatory, capturing hers with merely a look, he moves differently, walking towards her with a measured few steps. 

Hand reaching down when he reaches her, he takes hers in his own, enveloping it in the warmth of his palm "your hired Ms. Belle McGuire." Tugging her to her feet, her body brushing along his as warmth is felt behind her, Blake having moved without her even knowing, Joel turns her with just the slightest of tugs on her hand, and passes her slender hand into Blake's. Something of this seeming as if he is giving her to him, her mind strains to absorb the words of being hired as the searing heat then jolts through her at the contact of both hands on her own for a moment. 

With Blake holding her hand, the roguish smile on his lips as the words are echoed by him, she loses that air of composure she had been trying to maintain for so long. Uttering a soft spoken "thank you Sirs" while lowering her gaze then, trying to hide the very visceral reaction she is having about both these men, being there between them. Trembling as she feels the imposing presence of them both, one in front and the other behind. Her mind screaming at her "Go, now!" as sure as shit, her hand begins to quiver in Blake's. Her mind at war with her body as she tries to tug her hand free, it remains caught, then with a step forward by Joel behind combined with a tug from Blake, she is fully trapped there between them. 

Teeth catching her lower lip as she tries to fight back a moan of need, the battle lost as soon as Joel wraps his arms around her, hard palms over her belly, fingers splaying out to cover as much of her as he can, Blake's head lowering and kissing her. No hesitancy in his kiss, he captures her lips in a manner that demands nothing less than the full and rich response of the woman inside her. Joel's head lowering to scrape his teeth along her neck, the fullness of both men pressing against her has her losing it utterly in that moment, one hand reaching back to cup the back of Joel's head, the other reaching to draw Blake all the closer to her, as if she has done this a thousand times before.

Blake's head lifting from the kiss, blue eyes blazing down to meet her green ones, the stark desire echoed in her own. Her name coming out as a groan it seems "My Belle" as Blake's hands reach around and cup her ass, lifting her up to drag her against his body, her legs wrapping around his lean hips to press her sex through layers and layers of fabric against his groin. The throbbing heat felt there growing as Joel follows suit to press his own thick length against her ass cheeks, splayed wide and trapped between them. 

Joel's echoing words ringing just at the shell of her ear "Our Belle" as his hands leave her belly to work the buttons of her shirt, opening it, parting like the sea to expose the nude colored lace bra, twin beads of her nipples standing at stark attention. Not able to deny the need these two men just brought to blazing life in her anymore, she leans her head back on Joel's shoulder straining in Blake's hand to press closer to him, grinding her wet pussy against the hard cock she feels pressing with insistence against her core. 

Blake carrying her to sink down on the sofa behind him, her kneeling over his lap while Joel reaches and works the clasp of the bra open to let her bare breasts fill his palms. Blake working the skirt up over her hips and baring that scrape of lace that covers her grinding pussy back and forth over his cock. Belle leaning back against Joel as a needy moan escapes her lips "God yessss" comes the hissed response from her lips. The sound of silk and lave tearing of her thong, she can barely stand it, the sensations overwhelming her, both these men demanding her response to them. And her giving eagerly, hungering for them both, overwhelming her senses. 

Shocking herself with her need as she reaches down between them, working the belt open, the bite of the buckle only serving to inflame her need to white hot proportions, she undoes the button and drags down the zipper. Finding nothing now between her core and his cock as she draws it free, Blake growls against her lips as he captures her lips again in a kiss. "Hot fucking minx we got here Joel" as he wastes no time to thrust up deeply into her clenching pussy. filling her as his hands hold her hips still. Mewling sounds of need bubbling up as Joel tugs firmer on her nipples, trapping them between thumbs and fingers, stretching then releasing them so that her entire body shudders with passion. 

One of Joel's hands working her nipples in turn, then reaching down between her thighs, finding her clit with such expertise, he squeezes it, driving her to shatter around Blake's cock. Lips parted as a scream of pure sinful pleasure washes over her, Blake taking that sound and swallowing it as much as her squeezing walls pulse around him draws an answering groan from him. Working his own cock free from his pants, letting it loose, long and thick, straining with a pulsing head that twitches as he drags it along her dripping cunt. Coating it with her own honey, he uses the natural lubrication of her body to slowly work it to the tight bud of her ass. 

Her body jolting to feel his cock head thick and pressing with insistence to her rose, the muscles burning as she finds herself opening to the pressure. Eyes fly open wide with the shock she feels, never taken this way before, her body on fire as the orgasm comes, taking her by surprise, the last not even finished when this one utterly overwhelms her. Joel taking the moment to pop through the tight ring of muscle and seating himself deeply into her, need for this woman driving him to the point where his iron control nearly snaps. Meeting the gaze of his friend over her head, a look is exchanged, the same grimace on Blake's face, so close to losing it himself as the hungry kiss ends.

Breath coming heavy and panting from all of them, bodies shaking as Blake and Joel work to rein in the galloping desire for this woman that is coming apart in their arms. Her body like nirvana for them both, taking them both with an ease born not of experience, but of passion that matches their own. Shocked to their very core as they begin to move in a synchronized manner, Blake thrusting with a growl, then Joel, her sobs and mewling cries coming, louder with each of their thrusts, the know they wont last long. Taking her faster, her body trapped, impaled by them both, breasts bouncing faster, harder are the two cock working like the pistons of an engine inside her. 

Belle feeling every jolting thrust that is making her body sing, the orchestra of sensations searing through her, wave after wave that throws her over the edge into sweet oblivion, not able to see beyond the flash of white that takes even her vision from her. Robbed of every sense but feeling them both. The cries of triumph coming from both men as they thrust up into her then, pulsing as their cocks stretch her to nearly beyond the capacity she can even bear. Filling her with hot seed, both her ass and pussy milking as she shakes in their arms. Lost in the rich sparks that she swears are dancing over their skin, on fire and letting the flames wash over her, she collapses with them, limp and spent.

Body feeling as if she is glowing, hissing with the sensation of Joel pulling his still twitching cock from her ass with a groan, Blake holding her firmly so she doesn't move when she feels the hot seed dripping from her body. He goes to the washroom adjoining the office, holding his pants with one hand, hearing the water turn on then as she snuggles into Blake, eyes closed for a moment, her mind working to absorb what all just happened. Nearly dozing a moment wrapped in his arms, she jolts with the feel of a warm cloth pressing to her asshole, cleaning her as she is lifted, Blake and Joel both offering soothing words to her "Such beauty...shhh lover, let us clean and take care of you." Relaxing slowly with their words, the hands on her back stroking, cloth warm pressed between her legs to clean her heated flesh.

Lifting her from his lap, handing her to Joel for some soothing time and cuddle while he goes then to wash and open the door at a knock. Using his body to block the view of her looking very disheveled and well used, he takes the sacks and tray from the person on the other side, a softly spoken "hold calls for the next hour". Carrying the food sacks and tray back, he opens and arranges things before settling on the other side of her. Plucking a piece of pineapple from the tray, he holds it to her lips to feed it to her slowly. Lips opening obediently as she entwines her hands with Blake's, nestled in his arms as the trembling eases slowly from her body. Tucked back against Blake, and Joel drawing her feet across his thighs so both of them can tend to her. 

Fed bits of fruit here and there, a sandwich made for her with a tender roast beef and spicy cheese, she feels her body relaxing more and more with them. Her thoughts coming suddenly at her, calling her ten different kinds of a fool for doing what she just did, she bites her lip, setting the remnants of the sandwich on the table before them. "I'm sorry, this probably just fucked everything up" she says, getting up, her body stiff, sore as she walks towards the washroom, scooping up the shoes she didn't even realize she lost. Back to Blake and Joel, so missing the shocked look that passed between them as she closes the door to the washroom behind her. 

Looking into the mirror at her swollen lips, eyes glittering with tears she refuses to shed, she turns on the water to cold and splashes some on her face. Drying with a dry towel, patting and then taking her hands through her hair, the topknot falling along the side, she looks for all the world to see like a woman that has been well and truly fucked within an inch of her life and loved every second of it. Giving herself a stern mental shake, she steels her spine and opens the door, ready to step through to get her purse and make a break for it before she can embarrass herself further. 

Finding them both on the other side of the door, so close, she nearly steps right into their arms, giving a shocked sound in seeing them. Stepping back as they both go to grab for her, she finds herself dragged into their arms, nestling her between them. Blake begins with soft purrs of reassurance "Nothing is ruined" then Joel joins in "Everything just to be a whole lot better for all of us beauty." Holding her between them and not giving her a chance to leave, drawing her to sit between them. 

Joel stroking the back of her neck as he talks, Blake being quiet for the moment and letting him take the lead with their skittish new lady. "Listen Belle, Your still our Executive Assistant...but lets just say Blake and I have some additional things we want to experience outside of work."
