 ***************************

Thank you to Lovefreely1993 for editing this story.

***************************

I struggled to open my eyes, so for a few moments I just listened. I could hear the wind and surf, and occasionally I could feel the warm seawater tickle my toes as the waves climbed across the sand. I raised my eyelids as much as I could manage, which was not much, and I saw bright sunlight filter through my lashes. I began to hear more noises: people yelling, followed by footsteps on the sand. I tried to open my eyes wider. I tried to say that I needed help, but I'm not even sure I managed a grunt. I finally got my eyes open enough to see a beautiful woman's face shining down at me. That was all I saw before my eyes closed and I fell deep into unconsciousness.

As I began to stir again, I realized that I had been moved. I had no idea how much time had passed, but now I was on something soft and clean, and I could no longer hear the surf. There were bright lights above my head.

For a time I lay there gathering my strength and thinking about how I could have gotten here.

I had no idea how I had come to be on a beach. I didn't live near any body of water, did I? I didn't remember where I lived. Why couldn't I remember? With a shock I realized I have had amnesia. I knew that word and I knew what it meant, but I had no idea how I had learned it. Something bad must have happened to me—some kind of injury.

I took a deep breath and began to open my eyes. I heard a gasp from a few feet away, followed by rapid footsteps moving away.

"She's awake!"

More footsteps, this time coming toward me. Who had they been talking about?

I saw two women stand next to the bed I was in and look into my eyes. One of them was the same woman from before, on the beach. She was young and tall, with straight, dark brown hair just past her shoulders, caramel-colored skin, and bright green eyes. She was also completely naked. As she leaned over me her large, round breasts had a slight wobble. I tried to focus on the faces of the two women, for propriety's sake as well as because I already felt a little woozy, so I didn't want any blood to leave my brain at the moment.

The woman next to her looked like she was in her early thirties and was also nude. She had pale skin and wavy blonde hair with a hint of red in it, and her breasts were small with large pink nipples. In this moment I also noticed that I was nude, as well. I didn't know if these women had undressed me or if I had washed up this way.

"How do you feel?" the older woman asked me.

I swallowed and took a deep breath. "Like I took a trip in a washing machine, but at least I'm conscious." I reached up to touch my head, and I was a little surprised that they let me. I felt a tender area on top of my head, thoroughly scabbed over. I must've been in this bed for at least a day or two. "You've been taking care of me, haven't you?"

The younger woman blushed, as her friend answered with a smile.

"Brianna here has barely left the infirmary since we found you. She's been force-feeding you water and food for the last week."

"A week? I've been asleep for a week? What happened to me?" I asked.

"We were hoping you would be able to answer that, but for now I think you should take your recovery slowly. Are you hungry?"

I realized that I was, in fact, ravenous. "I am, very much so"

For the first time Brianna spoke: "I'll bring you something!" she said eagerly, "What would you like? Now that you're awake to chew you have more options. We have lots of fish and pork, and a bunch of fresh fruits and vegetables!"

"It should be something vitamin-rich since he may still be deficient. Get a salad, please Brianna," the blonde said.

"I'll put some smoked pork on it for her, though."

"Him, Brianna. When it's a man, we say 'him'."

Why would an adult woman have trouble with gendered pronouns?, I wondered.

"Sorry! Right, I'll get it next time! I'll be right back," she said to me cheerfully as she left my bedside.

"I'm afraid I may not be able to tell you much about what happened to me. I realized a minute ago that I don't remember my own name. Or anything else before I woke up on the beach, really."

"I'm sorry. That must be scary." She gently squeezed my hand and gave me an empathetic look. "Eat and rest. I don't want to give you false hope, but maybe your memories will come back to you." 

With that she walked away and left me to look out the window facing the bed. Wherever I was, it was clearly tropical. I could see a large lawn leading to lush forest, and a small peak in the distance covered in green.

Before long, Brianna came back with a large bowl filled with greens, cubed sweet potato, diced mango, and chunks of pork. I thanked her and began eating. I may not have been an objective critic since I felt like I was starving, but I thought it was delicious.

I think she could tell I felt like I was starving, because she pulled up a chair and sat in silence with me while I ate.

"Where is this place?" I asked once I was finished. "I mean, thank you for the food, and for taking care of me. Also, where is this place?"

She laughed. I liked the sound of her laugh. "The infirmary. It's on the north end of our building. We brought you here when we found you, because it's meant to be used to care for people who are sick or injured, and because we almost never get to use it."

"No, I meant . . . Like, where is this building? What beach did you found me on? What mountain is that out there?"

"Oh, I don't know. We never found out."

She said that last part so cheerfully that I was taken aback. Do these women have no idea where we are? Are we lost? How does this place look so civilized if we're lost somewhere? And why is everyone naked?

I decided to ignore the naked part for a while, just in case asking about it would make her put on clothes. She really was gorgeous. Her skin was flawless, and she had a very sweet face that was making a kind expression. "Never found out? What does that mean?"

"We don't know the names of any of the landmarks here. We've explored the island, so we know it pretty well, but our parents never told us where on the globe it is. The older girls told us everything they knew, but maybe if you talk with them you could figure something out. We can look at the maps with them later and you can show me where you're from. I'd love to hear about it!"

So their parents brought them here without telling them where here was? Brianna didn't look young enough for that to make sense. "I'm afraid I don't remember, Brianna. I think I have started feeling a lot better, though, thanks to that meal. I'd like to stretch my legs a bit. I feel like I haven't used them in a week!"

Another excessively cute laugh. "I don't know. Ms. Julie said for you to rest. You might be weak still." I shrugged as she thought for a second and then continued, "But I can help you if you're unsteady. Let's try it! That way I can take you to Ms. Eva in the office. She'll be so excited to see that you're awake!"

"So Ms. Julie was the woman here before?" I asked as I swiveled to set my feet on the ground.

"Yes! She runs the infirmary, and since we rarely use it she also manages all the supplies. You'll love getting to know her! She's the sweetest!"

I paused before I tried to actually stand. "I'm sure I will. Um, thank you for taking care of me, Brianna. I wonder if I might've died without you."

"You're welcome." she said calmly and sincerely. "We're all really excited to meet you now that you're feeling better."

I stood up, bracing myself against the metal headboard. I cautiously took my hand off it and I seemed to be stable. I took one step and then wobbled slightly. Brianna rushed over and put her arm around my waist and my arm across her shoulders. Her skin was soft, smooth, and warm—but I could tell there was real strength in her muscles. I couldn't resist glancing down at her swaying breasts as we walked. They were perfect. Before I had been too weak to get an erection, but now that might not be a problem anymore. I still didn't know why Brianna and I were naked, but I didn't want to embarrass myself with a visible reaction. My mind was still swimming a bit, but I was enjoying having Brianna's arm around me.

The infirmary, as Brianna called it, was a long, narrow room with a handful of small beds facing a wall of windows. We walked through a doorway at one end into a very institutional-looking hallway with fluorescent lights overhead and vinyl tile underfoot. It contrasted sharply with the lush, natural world I had been looking at through the large windows of the infirmary.

As we walked, it did not take long for me to regain my stability. I took my arm off Brianna's shoulder and stepped slightly to the side just as she stopped walking and turned toward a doorway. She knocked, and we heard a voice ask us to come in. She opened the door and we both stepped inside. The room looked like a reception area at any kind of school or hospital. There was a large desk in the center that looked empty and unused, with three smaller rooms with desks inside. We could only see into one of them, and there was a naked woman sitting at the desk waving us in to the office. She had lightly tanned skin and jet-black hair that fell straight just past her ears.

"Ms. Eva! She's awake!" Brianna called out as we walked into the office.

"Yes, Brianna, Ms. Julie was just giving me the good news, but you forgot to use 'He' when referring to a man. We don't want to offend him," replied the dark-haired woman.

Once we got into the office we could see Ms. Julie sitting in a chair facing the desk. Brianna turned to me: "I'm so sorry! I did it again and I said I wasn't going to."

I smiled at her. It was weird that she seemed to be struggling with it, but it's hard to get mad at an incredibly beautiful young woman who had recently saved my life, probably. "I'm not offended. I think it's funny, actually. It almost makes it sound like you've never seen a man before."

"Well, not that it's any excuse. We learned pronouns years ago, and I got very good grades in writing class. You just forget what you don't use, though, I guess."

As I made a confused noise, the dark-haired woman stood up. "Brianna, I think Ms. Julie and I have some things to discuss with him, so why don't you go enjoy your afternoon."

Brianna looked downcast. "Okay, but he's sharing with me, right? It's the only open spot."

"We'll talk about that, but right now we need some privacy, please, Brianna," replied Ms. Eva.

Brianna looked unhappy, although perhaps not as unhappy as I was to see her go, but she left the room and shut the door behind her. Ms. Eva asked me to take a seat and when I did she sat down herself. Ms. Eva had a more regal and austere beauty than either Ms. Julie or Brianna, but I didn't have much time to ogle her before she spoke.

"Ms. Julie tells me you're having trouble with remembering some things. Is it true that you don't know your name?"

"Yes, ma'am."

Ms. Eva smiled. "Well, hopefully it will come to you soon. In the meantime, if there's anything you'd like us to call you, please let us know." The smile turned into a smirk. "Although, with our unique situation here pronouns alone may suffice. I imagine you've noticed that things are a bit different here?"

I hazarded a guess. "Is this a nudist colony?"

Ms. Julie laughed as Ms. Eva answered. "Only in the most literal sense. We are all, as I assume you are, shipwreck victims. I don't know if you were old enough to remember, but there was a war about twenty years ago?"

"The third world war? I think I was too young to remember it as it was happening, but it sounds familiar. Maybe I learned about it in school?"

"What happened?" Ms. Julie asked, speaking for the first time since I had entered this office. "Were any places destroyed?"

I guess there were at least some facts I could remember. "I don't if I've forgotten or if I never knew, but I don't remember much. I know it was bad for a few years. I was never very good at geography, but I don't think there's anywhere on the globe that is what I would call destroyed. 

Ms. Eva's expression got more serious. "I was 11 when the war started. My parents were part of a club that had rather...apocalyptic fears about the effect that the war would have on the world. They wanted to start a colony on an island somewhere where they could safely wait out the conflict. Less than a year later they all loaded their families onto a ship and set out for an island where they had hired a construction crew to build a completely self-sufficient compound. Construction had fallen behind, but the fighting was so intense that as soon as the bare minimum was completed they set out. It was going to be an extremely cramped living situation while they waited for the other buildings to be completed, but they didn't even get that chance. They were almost to the island when they stumbled upon a small naval battle. I don't think either side intended to attack us, but we got hit anyway. All the adults ran up to the deck to help out, and ten of us young girls were left behind below deck to take care of the babies in the two nurseries. Julie and I, as well as Ms. Rachel, Ms. Leigh, and Ms. Madison were in the girls' nursery when the ship broke apart, with the boys' nursery and almost the entire rest of the ship sinking immediately. Somehow our section stayed afloat for days and washed up right here where we had intended to land safely."

"Oh my gosh," I gasped once I processed what Ms. Eva had said. "That's awful. I'm so sorry. Wait, you've been on this island by yourselves for twenty years? And no one came for you?"

"Nope. We haven't even seen a plane fly overhead," answered Ms. Julie.

I asked the question I was dreading, "So I might not get home, huh?"

"I'm sorry. If we had any way to help you get home, we probably wouldn't be here ourselves," replied Ms. Eva before continuing her story, "Everyone on this island today lost their families that day, but fortunately the younger girls have no memory of the people they lost. It was also very difficult those first few years. The only beds set up were bunks for the crew, but the utilities were all completely finished. The food we brought was all stored in our section, so we had that, but it wouldn't last more than a few years, so we had to learn how to farm. All the educational materials that our group brought survived. The entire building uses geothermal power, but the machinery needs maintenance, so we had to learn how to do that. And, as you can see, all the clothes except what we five had on were lost, so we lived without clothes. Fortunately, this island must be somewhere tropical, because the coldest winter night gets down to 70 degrees Fahrenheit, and the hottest summer day gets up to 85. We decided to make sure the girls' lives were as close to normal as possible, so we took care of them, educated them, and once they were old enough to help keep this compound running, we gave them chores that turned into jobs. We've made a happy life here, and I hope you have no intentions to disrupt that."

"Wow, this is a lot to take in." I paused for a moment. "Five tween girls became overnight survivalists while also acting as full-time nannies for how many infants?"

"41, although they weren't all infants, really. There were some very young toddlers."

"Well, I could think of worse places to be marooned. This place is remarkably civilized, from what I've seen so far. And, of course, I owe you all my life. I don't know what brought me to the middle of the ocean, but without you all I'm sure I would have died on that beach. I want to help, in any way I can."

"Then we are happy to welcome you into our family here, until all of us are rescued, anyway. We'll figure out the best job for you. On top of that, we've been discussing another way that you could help." She said that last bit with a bit of a smirk, and I noticed that Ms. Julie seemed barely able to contain herself.

"We want you to have sex with us!" blurted Ms. Julie. My eyes widened in surprise.

"We're sorry to be so blunt, but the five of us who were older when we landed were old enough to have at least heard of sex, and we learned a little more from the biology textbooks we brought with us. We taught the younger girls everything we could about most subjects, which was a lot, but we left out anything having to do with sex. We didn't want them to miss something that we thought they could never experience. I think it was for the best, since the five of us have barely been able to contain ourselves since you landed. They don't know what they're missing. We have some idea, though, and once we found you we began hoping that you would recover and that, if you're willing, you would have help us have that experience. What do you think?"

As a red-blooded man, I answered immediately. "Of course I will. You're hot, and you're amazing women on top of that. You've been through so much, and you saved my life. Even if you were all ugly I think I would still say yes, but fortunately the three of you I've met so far are gorgeous, so I won't be doing it out of duty. I don't remember whether or not I've ever done it before, though, so I don't know if I'll be any good at it, but I'm in. I'll have to ask my doctor when I'm ready for sexual activity, though."

Ms. Julie laughed at that. Was I always a little bit funny? More likely my charm had something to do with being the only man any of them had seen since puberty, but I wasn't going to fight it. "You should be fine as long as you avoid any head impacts. Wait, how rough does sex get?"

"I don't think it usually gets the kind of rough we need to worry about."

Ms. Eva smiled. "Well, you've certainly got the right equipment, so I think we can all figure it out together. We know that we're naïve about some things and it's nice to be able to trust you.. Take the afternoon to rest, explore the building, and meet some of the girls. After dinner, let's meet in our room upstairs. You have no idea how much I'm looking forward to it, and I'm probably the most nervous out of the five of us. Ms. Julie, would you take him to find Brianna and ask her to show him around?"

"Absolutely" Ms. Julie replied with a grin on her face. I had misjudged her. She had a matronly side, sure, and she was very caring and gentle, but she was also a deeply horny woman. I jumped as she slapped me on the ass cheek on our way out the door.

"I saw that!" I heard Ms. Eva say after we turned the corner.

"She can't see this." Ms. Julie whispered as she gently tugged on my penis.

"Ms. Julie!"

"Did you enjoy that?"

"I definitely did," I said, "you can keep going if you like."

"Later, and more. Thank you for doing this. I've always wanted to have sex, and I didn't think I would get to. 

Ms. Julie and I walked down the hallway. It felt different now that I knew the story. The fact that these women had all built a life for themselves on this remote island since they were small children was amazing. I looked over at Ms. Julie. She's a very fit woman, with pale skin, and pert breasts topped with large pink nipples. The windows in the hallway allowed sunlight to filter through her strawberry blonde hair, making it appear to glow.

"Would you like to touch them?" she said, turning slightly toward me and puffing out her chest.

Like I was going to say no. "Yes, I would." I reached over and cupped her right breast, giving it a light squeeze. It was soft and warm. I pinched her nipple slightly between my thumb and forefinger. She moaned quietly and began to slow down.

"Okay, maybe we should save that for later. Let's get this tour over with so later can come quickly."

I smiled and let go of her. She was worth waiting for.
