 AUTHORS NOTE: This story is based on a recollection I have from a story that I read over twenty years ago. The book I read had about five stories in it. I was thinking about this story the other day after watching a scene from a porn movie. There is no plagiarism here as I don't even remember the actual character names and I have added my own spin to the story. The one thing that is the same is the theme of deceit and blackmail. As always all characters are at least 18 years of age.

ELSA AND THOMAS

The next morning after breakfast Elsa could not wait to get another massage from Thomas. She told Sophie that she would see her later at the beach after her massage. Sophie was just as happy with the arrangement as she could not wait to see Francine again.

Thomas smiled when he saw the pretty blond woman heading his way in her string bikini. Thomas knew that he had gotten to her yesterday and he had expected her return. Today he would fuck her in the ass. Although he would usually take several days to finally seduce a guest and take her anal virginity, Thomas knew that Elsa was ripe for the taking.

Elsa greeted Thomas and took off her bikini as she was told. This time she did not hesitate as she was used to Thomas seeing her naked. She climbed on the table and lay face down as Thomas instructed her to do. As he did yesterday Thomas massaged her back, shoulders and the back of legs. He did not spend as much time with the rest of her body as he was anxious to get to her ass.

He kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks and as he massaged her ass he put an ample amount of oil on her asshole. Then Thomas began to probe her asshole first with one and then two fingers. Before long his fingers were moving easily in and out of Elsa's thoroughly lubed asshole. He lifted Elsa up by her hips until her ass was in the air as she rested her head on the massage table. He removed his fingers and climbed up on the table with Elsa. He had already removed his loin cloth and his black tapered cock throbbed with excitement. He positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass. As he eased his cock into her bunghole he heard Elsa gasp and hold her breath. He assuredly told her to relax and that he would not hurt her.

Elsa struggled with her inner thoughts. She knew this was wrong but her ass seemed to overrule her sensibility. Ever since Thomas probed her ass yesterday she subconsciously knew that she would give herself to him. Now that his cock was in her ass there was no turning back. As Thomas eased his cock into her ass the head cleared her sphincter and Elsa uttered an audible gasp. The pain was sharp but brief as Thomas's tapered cock worked its way deeper and deeper into Elsa's ass. If anyone had the perfect cock for butt fucking, Thomas did.

Her eyes welled up with tears and she felt her anal channel being stretched to new dimensions He continued to ease his cock in and out of her asshole feeding her an additional ¼ to ½ inch at a time, each time waiting until she relaxed. It seemed to take hours before his entire 8" were lodged deep in her ass. Thomas shot his load immediately when his cock was fully embedded in Elsa's ass. Thomas stayed hard however as he always did as he knew that he could cum two, three and even four times without removing his cock from a woman's asshole. Elsa felt the warm cum shoot into her rectum and it actually felt strangely good. She liked the soothing feel it gave her ravaged asshole but she felt unbelievably full. Thomas started to fuck her with long deliberate strokes as he admired her beautiful ass accepting his huge cock. Thomas stroked her marvelous ass cheeks and told her how good she looked in this position with his dick skewering her luscious ass. 

The pain had subsided completely and now Elsa felt more of a bloating and cramping sensation. The cramping then stopped and now Elsa only felt somewhat constipated with the cock in her ass. Thomas felt his second orgasm start down in his balls and rush up through his cock flooding Elsa's rectum again. He came more than he expected and cum soon filled her asshole to overflowing and backed up coating his cock and running down the inside of her thighs. However Thomas was not done with Elsa and he continued fucking her tight ass. Her rectum held his cock tightly and Thomas felt as if he could stay hard forever in Elsa's beautiful ass. 

Thomas was so turned on to know that this was her first ass fuck and that he was the one taking her anal virginity. He watched his cock saw in and out of her beautiful ass. Elsa had her head turned to the side of the massage table and she was gripping the sides with both hands as Thomas fondled her shapely buttocks and plowed into her. Thomas could feel the verge of yet another big orgasm and it felt like it started in his toes. All of a sudden it let loose and he filled her asshole with cum. His cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it seemed that his spunk had no where to escape.

He kept slowly fucking her ass until his cock started to soften. Elsa' ass involuntarily was milking his cock draining it of all his seed. When Thomas's cock slipped from her asshole with an audible pop, his cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like Elsa was shooting cum out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the table and Thomas stroked her buns lovingly as she lay quietly.

Elsa thought to herself, "Not in my wildest dreams would I have ever thought that someone would fuck me in the ass and that I would enjoy it." 

She continued thinking that at first she didn't like it but tried to hang in there. Then the pain either subsided or she became numb. She had never felt so full and it was a feeling of giving complete control to someone else. Elsa thought that being fucked in the ass was the ultimate in submission and she felt totally dominated. Elsa's pussy was on fire and she rolled over on her back in hopes that Thomas would service her needs. But Thomas was no where to be seen. He had slipped away while Elsa was recovering from her anal deflowering and he had left her horny and unsatisfied. Elsa had to get off or she would go crazy so she headed for her room. She didn't bother to put her bikini back on and cum trickled out of her asshole as she walked to her room.

ELSA AND FRANCINE

Sophie was sunbathing naked down at the beach waiting for the arrival of Francine but Francine had another assignment that morning. Sophie was surprised when the very pretty Helena arrived completely naked. Sophie asked Helena where Francine was that morning and Helena told her that she had some chores to do before she came down to the beach. Then Helena asked Sophie if there was anything that she could do for Sophie. Sophie said she would like some coffee and then maybe Helena could put some lotion on her back. Helena smiled and told Sophie that she would be happy to accommodate her.

Elsa was on her back in her bed back in her room frantically frigging her pussy. She could still feel the presence of Thomas' cum in her ass and her pussy was on fire. Elsa was caught off guard when Francine entered the room. She was dressed in a maid smock that just barely covered her pussy and ass cheeks.

"Oh I am sorry to disturb you Madame. I will just be a minute," Francine apologized.

Francine then went about the motions of tidying up the room and placing clean towels in the bathroom. Elsa watched as Francine bent over ever so slightly and Elsa noticed the curves of Francine's naked bottom. Francine was not wearing panties and her curvy ass looked sexily enticing as it peeked out below the smock. Elsa felt her loins stir and chills run through her body as she looked at the alluring French girl. Elsa had never been with a woman before and she was surprised by her attraction to the pretty Francine. Elsa's pussy was throbbing with desire. 

Francine turned and walked toward Elsa and smiled at her. Elsa momentarily forgot that she was still naked but then she dismissed it as she expected Francine to leave the room. Francine stopped by the head of the bed and turned away from Elsa. Francine leaned over to adjust something on the night table and as she did her smock rode up even higher than before. Elsa now saw Francine's shapely ass and the lips of her pussy as they peeked through her thighs. Elsa recalled the term "camel toe" when one's pussy was displayed this way and now she knew why. 

Francine seemed to stay bent over longer than needed and Elsa was getting more and more excited. As if her hand had a mind of its own it crept toward Francine's ass. Elsa didn't understand why she did it but she reached out and caressed Francine's curvy buttocks. Francine remained bent over and let Elsa indulge herself. Francine smiled to herself as she knew the effect she was having on the pretty blonde. Elsa got bolder and let her hand slip between Francine's thighs. Elsa let her fingers dance over Francine's vulva and she was just about to finger Francine's pussy when the French girl turned toward her.

Francine smiled at the naked Elsa and spoke, "Would Madame like me to come to bed with her?"

Elsa stammered a response, "I don't know I have never been with a woman before."

"Oh Madame, it's easy. I will show you," Francine said.

Francine then slipped off her smock and stood totally naked by the bed. She then got on the bed with Elsa as Elsa trembled with a combination of uncertainty and desire. 

"Let me make love to you," Francine said softly.

Francine then lowered her mouth to Elsa's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Francine than began her tortuous journey down Elsa's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin. Francine looked at the contrast in Elsa's skin color between her tanned body and the part that had been protected by her thong bikini and told Elsa that she would be able to lose those tan lines if she sunbathed nude.

Francine lay back down with Elsa on the sofa and their bodies came together. Elsa's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. Elsa began touching Francine's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Francine began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for them to be together and not at all taboo to be female lovers. As Francine's tongue circled Elsa's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make her cum. Elsa felt Francine's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then trying to find their way inside her. Elsa moved her legs further apart trying to help Francine and soon she was fingering Elsa with soft, slow, tender probes.

Elsa couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Francine's head down and Francine nestled between her legs. Francine used her hands to slowly open Elsa's legs and placed Elsa's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Francine traced the soft outer lips of Elsa's swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Elsa felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting Francine's invasion. She put more fingers inside Elsa and caressed her inner walls while Francine's thumb positioned itself on the tip of Elsa's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Francine moved herself slowly up Elsa's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Francine took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Elsa's hard nipples. Elsa in turn reached for Francine's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Elsa pinched and rolled Francine's nipples between her fingers while Francine tongued her breasts. Francine whispered to Elsa that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Elsa could feel the wetness of Francine's pussy saturating her thigh.

Francine broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Elsa's aching pussy. As Francine reached Elsa's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Francine herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Elsa's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Francine's mouth. Francine was unprepared for her gusher but none the less she licked at her silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Elsa's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Elsa's center up and down firmly enough that Elsa could feel it on her clit. Francine drove Elsa mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Elsa arched her back and pulled Francine's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Francine's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Francine wrapped her lips around Elsa's swollen button and sucked it as she would her husband's dick. Elsa gasped as Francine's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Elsa's hips lifted off of the sofa as Francine sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Elsa. Francine worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Elsa's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Elsa's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Francine's face that was totally covered with Elsa's sweet love juices. 

Francine continued to lap at the hard clit as Elsa's body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly Elsa relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the sofa as Francine moved up to her lips and covered them with her own mouth, kissing Elsa tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Elsa's lips so she could taste herself. Elsa kissed Francine eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the bed cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"Madame, have you ever kissed a woman before today?" Francine asked.

"Yes once," Elsa admitted shyly.

"Have you ever eaten pussy?" Francine pressed.

"No," Elsa whispered.

"Would you like to eat mine?" Francine asked in a sultry tone.

"Yes," Elsa answered demurely.

"Come Madame I want you to make love to me now," Francine said taking Elsa's hand.

"Francine, please call me Elsa."

"As you wish Madame, come to me Elsa, come and make love to me," she called softly to Elsa.

"I don't know exactly what to do," Elsa confessed, "I have only been on the receiving end."

"Nonsense just do me the same way I did you, it's easy, just follow your instincts do what comes naturally and enjoy," Francine whispered.

Francine opened her legs and guided Elsa between her thighs. Elsa looked right at Francine's beautiful pussy and she leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Elsa wasn't sure exactly how to do it so she just sort of pretended she was licking the ice cream off of a cone. Elsa took one, slow lick as she flattened my tongue on Francine's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Elsa knew she had achieved the desired effect from the moan she know that Francine enjoyed it. To Elsa's surprise she enjoyed her first taste of pussy and she kept licking and eating Francine. Elsa pointed her tongue and burrowed into Francine's pussy as it parted the labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Francine's juice. Soon Elsa was like a kitten at a saucer of milk, licking and lapping up as much as she could as fast as she could.

Francine was obviously enjoying what Elsa was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Elsa's tongue to explore her pussy. Elsa's tongue explored all of Francine as her mind took notes of what seemed to turn Francine on. Francine was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Elsa got near her hard pearl. As Elsa searched out Francine's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Francine tensed and began to quiver. After Elsa felt like she had teased Francine's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Francine's reaction when Elsa's tongue finally touched that pearl just as Francine had done to her earlier.

Elsa burrowed her tongue as deep into Francine as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Elsa got to Francine's pearl she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Elsa was truly amazed at its size as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Francine was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. Elsa nuzzled it with her nose taking in Francine's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Francine went wild and started bucking and calling out Elsa's name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Elsa's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Elsa sucked Francine's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Francine humped her face for all she was worth. Elsa was excited that she was able to get Francine that excited and she sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with her lips, tongue and teeth. Elsa didn't know exactly how many times Francine came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. 

"That was beautiful you were marvelous Elsa. I cannot believe that it was your first time eating pussy," Francine sighed.

"Now I must leave you as I have some other things to attend to. We must do this again soon," Francine said as she got out of bed and put her smock back on.

Elsa just nodded and rolled to one side. She watched Francine leave the room and she caught herself peeking under Francine's smock. Elsa remained in bed and recalled the events of the morning them her yes closed and she dozed off.

SOPHIE'S MORNING

Helena had removed Sophie's bikini and then covered her body with lotion. Sophie was in an excited state and she desperately needed to cum. Helena rolled Sophie over on her back and stared at the woman's pussy. Helena was fascinated with Sophie's beautiful pussy and the thin white strip running through the black pubic hair. Helena touched Sophie's pussy lightly with her finger and Sophie almost leaped off the lounge.

"Helena, we can't do this in public," Sophie whispered.

"But there is no one around and even if there was it wouldn't matter," Helena replied.

"Please can we go to my room?" Sophie pleaded.

"Come with me," Helena said extending her hand to Sophie.

Sophie stood up and walked hand in hand with Helena. The two naked beauties looked like long time lovers holding hands. Helena led them to an outside shower that guests used after swimming in the ocean. The shower had a single wall and shower head.

"No one can see us here," Helena assured Sophie. 

The two naked beauties entered the shower. They both got turned on again as they seemed to be insatiable. Helena pushed Sophie back against the shower wall and smiled wickedly at her as she dropped slowly to her knees. As Helena spread Sophie's legs she moaned out loud. Sophie had to bite her lip to stifle her gasps as she felt Helena's hot breath on her pussy. Helena placed delicate kisses upon Sophie's naked thighs and the sensation of Helena's wet lips on Sophie's warm skin sent shockwaves of excitement through her. Helena ran a fingertip down Sophie's slit and she groaned with pleasure as Helena's fingers honed in on Sophie's now swollen clit.
