 The things I see in my tumblr feed give me all kinds of ideas. A recent fascination of mine is sexy women wearing strap on cocks. I stumbled across a couple of hot black and white photos of shapely women in strap on harnesses and the juxtaposition of womanly curves against the hard silicone and leather straps of the harness fascinated me. I hadn't seen anything like that before and the idea of fucking or getting fucked by a sexy woman really turned me on. Before I knew it I'd spent a couple of hours reblogging photo after photo. I couldn't get the idea out of my mind. I wondered how difficult would it be to find a willing partner to help me live out this fantasy? I was determined to find someone I was attracted to and would go for the idea.

After a couple of false starts, and several dead ends, I found a willing partner through a friend of a friend. Melanie and I met for the first time in a public place where we could check each other out and see if there was any chemistry between us. This was important to me since I didn't want my first time with a woman to be purely mechanical. I wanted the rush of endorphins and hormones that come from being genuinely turned on. We met up at a dark little bar we both knew and I asked the hostess to seat us in a secluded booth over in the corner, away from prying eyes. Melanie looked fantastic and smelled of Chanel Mademoiselle (I'd know that scent anywhere). Her big blue eyes were ringed in smoky eyeliner and her long dark hair stopped where her glorious breasts began. She was wearing a low cut, v-neck top and her lovely, pillowy breasts were on full display for me that evening. We were about the same height and weight, but her breasts were enormous and I had to resist the urge to caress them across the table. We had a few drinks and flattered one another with compliments. As the night wore on, our flirting became more overt, and we found ourselves holding hands across the tabletop and making plans for our secret adventure. The idea was that her and I would get to know one another first, and then we'd each pick someone we wanted to include in our fun at the big IT conference in San Francisco where everyone who was anyone was going to be. IT conferences are a lot like Vegas - what happens there, stays there, and we were going to make the most of that opportunity. We had plenty of time to prepare since the conference was months away.

I began shopping for the perfect harness for the occasion, finally selecting a nice Velcro and black lace number I'd found somewhere online. The anticipation of waiting for it to arrive in he mail was driving me crazy. Three days shipping never felt longer than it did then. Finally, it was waiting for me in my mailbox after a particularly shitty day at work. Eagerly, I ripped open the package and tried it on. It looked far better than I anticipated! My ass had never looked better. I setup the camera and took a few pictures of me modeling the new harness. In just a few minutes I'd gotten some great shots and my pussy was soaking wet with arousal. It always turned me on to take nude photos of myself, but I'd never seen myself in a strap-on harness before. My mind raced with ideas. I quickly Dropboxed Melanie the photos and grabbed my Pure Wand and head to the bedroom. I smoothed out the sheets and warmed the stainless steel with my hands before I began to touch myself and think of her. I rubbed my clit as I thought of packing for the trip we'd planned together. I remembered the softness of her skin and how good she smelled the night we met. As I plunged the steel dildo into my cunt, I envisioned her and I together at last. Slowly I worked the wand against my g-spot, lingering on the down stroke and rubbing my clit as I fantasized. I imagined what it would feel and look like to see my hard silicone cock sliding in and out of her wet pussy as I sucked and bit her nipples. My favorite amateur porn videos are the ones shot from the man's point of view, and imagining the sight of my cock disappearing into her cunt gave me goosebumps. I imagined nuzzling my face into the nape of her neck and inhaling the sweet scent of her as I listened to her come. I came hard at the thought of bringing her to climax. My pussy clenched hard onto the steel dildo as wave after wave of orgasmic contraction passed through me. I lay there for several minutes and basked in the afterglow of the fantasy and the orgasm.

Once I caught my breath, I got up to shower and checked my phone to see if I had a DM from her telling me she'd seen the pictures. Nothing. I distracted myself by booking the tickets for the trip; I needed to know that I had definitive travel plans. I reserved a fantastic corner room with a city view in a hotel just a couple blocks from the conference center. The simultaneous exposure and anonymity provided by hotel windows is one of the many things that I love about traveling. I wanted to press her up against the glass as I took her from behind, putting her on display to anyone in the city below lucky enough to notice. I began rummaging around in my closet, trying to decide what I should pack. I couldn't make up my mind what I wanted to wear or not wear so I packed a little bit of everything. Chances are I wouldn't end up wearing anything other than the harness and a smile, but I like to be prepared. As I was deciding between the crotchless lace body suit or the fishnet hose, I heard the familiar sound of a DM landing in my inbox. It was from her telling me she'd seen all the pictures and was very excited about what was to come (pun intended). It took her a while to get back to me because she'd recorded a little video of her masturbating while thinking about being fucked by me and my new cock. I sat down on the couch to watch the video she'd sent. Even though I'd just come, her video got me going again. I opened up the towel I had wrapped around me and began to touch myself as I watched Melanie's video. I could hear her breathing become labored and she began to moan. I rubbed my clit the way she was touching herself. She had a slightly different technique, but it was working for me. I watched as her back arched and her thighs closed in on her hand as she came. I was mirroring her pleasure with each movement and I came just as quickly as she did. The anticipation was driving me crazy. My mind kept flashing forward to the moment when my skin would meet hers, and I could explore every inch of her. I wanted to tell her in person how much I liked watching the video and seeing how she touched herself to bring herself pleasure. It was going to be a long two weeks.

The flight to SF was long but uneventful; I quickly checked into the hotel and made my way up to the room. The first thing I did was to open all the curtains and the sheers, removing the obstructions to the fabulous city view. Then I started unpacking, laying out on the bed all of the things I 'd brought so I could get a better picture of the options I'd packed. I selected a frilly push up demi-cup bra, a thin t-shirt and decided I'd wear just the harness under my jeans. I like being prepared, but mostly it made me hot to know I was ready to fuck at a moment's notice and nobody would be the wiser. I was packing the Maverick in my purse because there was no way I could be subtle packing that monster in my jeans! I headed downstairs to check into the conference, get my name badge and see who else was already there. I sent Melanie a message and let her know I was already there. I checked her flight and it wasn't due to land for a couple of hours so I decided to head back to the hotel bar and have a drink while I waited. I picked something simple that I knew the bartender wouldn't screw up and settled on a rum and coke. After my second drink, I got the DM that she had just landed. I told her where I was, knowing it was going to take her some time to make it over. 

I waited for Melanie at the bar, it was a nice cozy place lit with lots of natural candlelight. I was nursing my fourth rum and coke when she walked in. I was looking down at my drink, tracing the pattern of the tablecloth with my swizzle stick. I detected the unmistakable scent of her perfume and began searching the room for her; the source of that beautiful scent. She was just as beautiful as the first time we'd met, and the candlelight made her skin positively luminous. She sat down and snuggled in next to me in the booth.

Melanie started telling me about her flight "You wouldn't believe who I was sitting next to on that flight. Not a kid or a chatty business guy, but of all the people I could be seated next to, an honest to goodness nun." she told me all about how she always feels compelled to be extra naughty when she's faced with a categorically "good" person like a priest or a nun. Luckily her flight wasn't too long, so she didn't get a chance to make much of a scene.

She'd downed her first drink by the time she'd finished telling me all about her flight and the taxi ride to the airport. Her second Tom Collins arrived just as she asked me if I was packing anything special in that huge handbag of mine. I blushed and confessed that I was, and then I took her hand and rubbed it up against my hip where she could feel the harness strap through my jeans.

"You dirty dog! Why the hell are we still sitting here?" she asked. I said because you haven't finished your drink, and I'm still two drinks ahead of you.

"That's ok" she said, "I'll do all the work, you can just relax and watch the show." She tipped back her drink and pulled several twenties out of her pocket. As she tossed the cash for the tab on the table, she grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the booth. I followed behind her dumbly. I wasn't quite able to wrap my head around what had happened and what was about to happen.

She led me towards the elevator, never letting go of my hand. The elevator took what felt like an eternity to get to us. Not a moment after the doors closed, she pulled me in to her pressing herself into me. She nuzzled my neck, licking and nibbling as I melted in her embrace. She worked her way up my neck and our mouths found one another in a warm wet kiss. We licked and nibbled on one another until the elevator doors opened. She was obviously leading me back to her room, since I hadn't told her my room number yet. I didn't care where we were going, as long as I was going with her. She led me down a long corridor and finally we were outside her room. Melanie fumbled to find the door key in her purse, cursing "Dammit, I can't believe I've lost that damned thing already!" "Got it! Are you ready for this?" she asked. I nodded and kissed her again as she opened the door.

"Show me what you've got in your purse." she said as she began unzipping my pants. I was still standing there, immensely aroused and a little drunk, holding my purse. I snapped out of it and told her she was really going to like what I had because I thoroughly enjoyed it too (several times). She had my jeans down around my ankles by then, and as I stepped out of my pants I pulled the Maverick out of my bag. I shivered a bit as the air conditioning hit my naked cunt. The harness was sturdy, but it didn't cover my aroused sex.

Melanie drew in a quick breath and said "Honey, I'm going to fuck myself silly with you, I hope you don't mind. That thing looks simply divine!" I told her I didn't mind in the slightest as I strapped the dildo into the harness. Once I'd gotten it situated (it's a little tricky when you've had four rum and cokes!) I looked up and saw Melanie standing before me, completely naked and utterly delicious. I stepped toward her and cupped her wonderfully round breasts with my hands as I kissed her and pushed her back towards the bed. My large cock bobbed with each step back towards the bed, bumping against her vulva with every step.

I climbed onto the bed and lay on my back as I slid my way towards the center of the bed. Melanie climbed onto the bed, her breasts swinging as she straddled me and kissed me from my shins to my hips. She rubbed her breasts against me, and I felt her wetness on my thigh as she ground her pussy onto me. I put one hand on my cock and the other hand I rubbed over her pussy, spreading her wetness around as I slowly inserted two, then three fingers. I explored her cunt with my fingers, and each time I slid my fingers in I stuck my tongue into her mouth as we kissed, creating a rhythm that soon made her moan.

She shifted her hips towards my cock; she was soaking wet and desperate to have my cock inside her. I used her wetness to make my cock slick, and I started with just the tip. She lowered herself down onto my cock, bit by bit, rubbing her clit as she rode my cock up and down before finally taking me all in. The base of the dildo pressed up against my vulva and provided a pleasant pressure against my clit. Melanie reached around behind her and found my hot, wet slit with her hand. She thrust her fingers into me on each downstroke and we were both working up a good sweat as we grunted and ground our bodies into one another. I took one of her nipples into my mouth and gave it a hard tweak with my teeth. Melanie gasped and said, "Do that again! Nobody has been brave enough to bite that hard, that felt great!" I complied. I bit and sucked at her breasts as she fucked my cock with her pussy and my cunt with her hand.

She brought her hands back around to my breasts and grabbed them hard as she began to really fuck my cock for all it was worth. I smelled her boozy breath as she kissed my neck. I told her I wanted to see her come on my cock. I wanted to watch her pleasure herself with my cock and her hands. She nodded, and sat up on my cock and began to thrust herself up and down while she rubbed her clit. It was a beautiful sight to see her cunt take my cock in each time she thrusted. She was glistening with sweat as she closed her eyes and increased the speed of her thrusts as her hands kept time. I loved seeing the waves of pleasure change her face. Her cheeks reddened and I could tell that she was close. I pinched and tugged at her nipples with my hands as she tossed her head back. Her tits bounced wildly as she came suddenly, moaning and grunting. It was wonderful to witness Melanie lose herself in the moment. She laid down on top of me with my cock still in her. I could feel her body twitch as her orgasm subsided.

I stroked her hair and kissed her face. She was so beautiful. I think that orgasms made her eyes even bluer than they were already. She whispered in my ear "As soon as I catch my breath, I'm going to fuck the shit out of you."

Melanie let out a big sigh, swept her hair out of her face and lifted herself off of me. As she did, I noticed that my cock was glistening from her wetness and my pussy was covered in her juices. I stroked the cock, smearing her scent with my hand. Melanie tied her hair up into a ponytail, and then she reached over and undid the Velcro of the harness I was wearing. The loud RRIP, RRRIP cut through the stillness in the room.

"C'mon, get out of that thing. It's your turn now" she said. "Or rather, my turn" she said with a big grin on her face.

I shimmied out of the harness and watched as she stepped into it and tightened the Velcro sides. I caught a reflection of her in a mirror across the room, and seeing all sides of her while she was wearing a my big silicone cock was delicious. The Maverick seemed bigger when she had it on than it did from my vantage point as the wearer. Melanie walked over to her purse, rummaged around for a second and procured a small bottle of a clear fluid.

"I never travel without lube!" she exclaimed as she held the little bottle aloft. "Don't worry, it's water based." She winked at me again as she lubed up what was now her cock as she walked towards the bed.

"Flip over and show me that ass."

I did as I was told.

I felt Melanie's hand, wet with the lube, make contact with my asshole. The lube was still cold and I jumped a bit from that, and my nervousness. She rubbed my ass all over with the lube, as she inserted a finger into my ass to test the waters.

"I know this is a big boy, and I'll go slow." she whispered. "You just give me the word when you're ready to take it all in."

I nodded that I would, and I felt the tip of her cock press against my asshole. Melanie wiggled her cock back and forth while she pressed into me, until the head of her cock slowly entered me. The girth of her cock gave me a much stronger pain sensation than any I'd experienced before, and I began rubbing my clit to help relax and allow her to enter me fully.

She continued to press into me, and I could feel her warm skin get closer to mine. I kept rubbing until I heard her tell me that she was completely inside me.

I've never felt a fullness quite like this before. I paused and took in the sensation of my ass being filled by Melanie's cock. The pressure, pleasure, and pain was overwhelming.

"I want you to fuck my ass" I told her. "Fuck my ass while I rub my clit and I'll let you know when I'm going to come."

She began thrusting into and out of my ass while I pressed into my clit and began rubbing with a rhythm that was in pace with her strokes. I felt her insert a couple fingers into my cunt.

"Your cunt is so hot and swollen. You must like being fucked by me." said Melanie. "I've got something I'd like to try. Are you game?"

I turned around and looked at her to see what she had in mind.

"No, no no. No peeking. I promise you'll like it. It won't hurt a bit."

I turned to face the headboard and pressed my face into the cool sheets of the bed. I grabbed a handful of sheets to brace myself as I told her "I'm ready to take it."

I felt Melanie slide something cool and smooth into my pussy as she continued to fuck my ass. As she stroked into my ass with her cock, she'd pull the cold metal dildo out of my cunt. I caught a glimpse of chrome as I looked down to watch both of her tools enter me.

As the push/pull of the cold metal in my cunt and her big cock in my ass began to develop a slow, steady rhythm I could feel her breasts swinging against my back.

Melanie leaned into me as she increased her pace along with my quickened moaning. She pressed her breasts into my back as she said "Do you like being fucked in the ass by me? Does my cock feel good in your ass and in your cunt?"

"Fuck me harder, pound my ass and pussy with your tools!" I buried my face into the sheets to muffle my groans of ecstasy as I pushed back into her thrusts with my hips. With each thrust, her thighs smacked against my ass and I'd let out another grunt. I stopped rubbing my clit and just let her fuck me silly. I tuned my focus into feeling the sensations of her thrusting in and out of me. I grabbed onto the sheets, and pushed back into her harder.

"Fuck my ass Melanie, fuck my cunt, harder! I'm gonna come! Keep at it!"

I let go and let her bring me over the top by opening myself up to her thrusts and the feeling of her filling me up completely. I could feel my orgasm welling up, and I concentrated on Melanie's rhythm as I helped her quicken her thrusts by shouting "Yes! Oh, yes, yes!"

I felt the orgasm well up from the center of my cunt as she continued to thrust into my ass and my cunt. The feeling was electric and I let out a loud, grunting moan of release as I came. My body spasmed reflexively as she slowed her thrusting. I collapsed onto the sheets with her on top of me, and our sweaty bodies laid intertwined as she held me in her arms and kissed my hair. Slowly, she pulled her cock out of my ass, and then she slid the metal dildo out of my cunt. Briefly she got up and took off the harness (I could hear the Velcro RRIP RRRIP). She got back into bed, pulled me back into her arms, and we laid there spooning and stroking one another's bodies.

"I never could've anticipated how good that was." I told her.
