 AUTHORS NOTE: This story is based on a recollection I have from a story that I read over twenty years ago. The book I read had about five stories in it. I was thinking about this story the other day after watching a scene from a porn movie. There is no plagiarism here as I don't even remember the actual character names and I have added my own spin to the story. The one thing that is the same is the theme of deceit and blackmail. As always all characters are at least 18 years of age.

*

With only two days to go on their fantasy vacation Sophie and Elsa were disappointed when they didn't receive a morning visit from the staff. Sophie had been expecting either Francine or Helena to visit her in the room or even better yet a visit from both of them. When neither showed up as had been the case the past four days, Sophie confidently walked naked down to the beach and beach bar area in search of one of the female staff. When Sophie did not find anyone she helped herself to the coffee and stretched out on her stomach on a lounge. 

Elsa was confused as well as disappointed when she did not receive a visit from the male staff. She too walked naked to the spa area in search of Thomas but he was no where to be found. Elsa then went down to the beach area to join Sophie. When Elsa arrived she admired Sophie's figure and once again she felt that familiar tingle in her loins. Elsa wondered to herself how Sophie would react if Elsa ever touched her.

"Oh I'm glad you're here Elsa, be a dear and put some lotion on my back," Sophie asked.

"Sure, I'd be glad to," Elsa replied and then poured the lotion on Sophie's back and shoulders.

Elsa rubbed the lotion into Sophie's skin and the touch of Sophie's skin excited Elsa but she remained focused on Sophie's back. Elsa's hands got close to Sophie's buttocks but Elsa avoided touching the curvy ass cheeks.

"Do you mind doing my legs? I could do them but I don't feel like sitting up," Sophie requested.

Elsa's body flushed with excitement but she agreed to put the lotion on Sophie's shapely legs. Elsa rubbed each leg with the lotion and each time she stopped just short of Sophie's buttocks. Elsa was dying to touch the woman's ass but she just didn't have the nerve to go that far.

"Do my bottom too, that is if it doesn't embarrass you," Sophie requested and her voice cracked.

Elsa couldn't believe her ears and her hands trembled as she poured lotion into them. Elsa then rubbed the lotion onto Sophie's ass and both women were excited beyond the other's knowledge. Sophie was dying for Elsa to touch her asshole and pussy and Elsa was dying to touch Sophie but neither of them let on how they felt. Elsa finished covering Sophie's body with lotion and then she wiped her hands on her own naked body.

Elsa then proceeded to apply the lotion to the front of her body before she stretched out naked on the lounge. The two women then enjoyed their morning coffees and each other's company for the next hour. Sophie then rolled over and Elsa's eyes went straight to Sophie's white striped pubic hair. Sophie had a beautiful pussy anyway but the black and white pubis hair made it look especially alluring. Elsa watched as Sophie put lotion on the front of her body and she wished it was her doing the application.

Sophie stretched out on her back and let her legs drift open slightly so that her pretty pussy was displayed. Sophie did this intentionally in hopes of turning Elsa on. Elsa stared right at the pussy and then she felt her own quim tingle. They continued chatting for awhile until Sophie announced that she was going to try and doze for little bit. Sophie put a towel over her face so as not to get to much sun and to shield her eyes from the intense sun. With the towel over Sophie's face, Elsa got even bolder and positioned her lounge so that she was looking straight at Sophie's pussy. Elsa began to diddle her own pussy as she stared at Sophie's cunt.

Elsa was sure that Sophie had dozed off but to be sure Elsa spoke to her. Sophie did not respond so Elsa was convinced she was asleep. Elsa moved closer to Sophie and she gazed in the woman's beautiful vulva. Elsa was sure that she could smell Sophie's pussy and it smelled heavenly every bit as good as Francine's. Then Elsa felt that she just had to touch it and just as it happened with Francine, Elsa's hand as if it had a mind of its own moved toward Sophie's vulva.

Elsa stroked Sophie's labia and then she gently probed the outer lips. She found Sophie's pussy to be dripping wet. Then Elsa allowed her fingers to penetrate the inner lips and she felt Sophie move slightly. Elsa played with Sophie's pussy for several minutes before she did something she never thought she would initiate. Elsa lowered her mouth to Sophie's pussy and she probed it gently with her tongue tasting the exotic vagina. Sophie stirred and then she woke up from her slumber. Sophie felt the tongue on her pussy and she first though that either Francine or Helena had arrived on the scene.

Sophie peeked under the towel covering her head and she was thrilled to see Elsa's blonde hair between her legs. Sophie faked it as if she was still sleeping and allowed Elsa to take liberties with her pussy. Finally Sophie couldn't take anymore and she grasped Elsa's head and threw her pussy into Elsa's mouth. Sophie humped Elsa's face for all she was worth and Elsa held her mouth to Sophie's cunt drinking in every drop of the female orgasmic love juice. Sophie screamed and thrashed around as the pretense was over and she had a volcanic orgasm. Elsa held to Sophie's hips and kept her mouth glued to the woman's pussy until Sophie collapsed following the intense climax.

"Oh Elsa, that was wonderful. I have wanted to make love with you since we arrived. Come let's go back to my room and I will make love to you there," Sophie rambled.

Sophie and Elsa walked as quickly as they could back to Sophie's room. Once in the room Sophie told Elsa to get in bed on her back and then she proceeded to give Elsa the best pussy licking ever. After Elsa came the two women got into a 69 position with Elsa on top at Sophie's direction. As they ate each other's pussy Elsa told Sophie to finger her asshole. Sophie stuck a pussy lubricated finger into Elsa's ass and sucked hard on her pussy. Elsa pushed a moistened finger into Sophie's ass as well and the two of them drove each other wild.

Spiro and his staff were watching the hot action between Sophie and Elsa going on in Sophie's room. Spiro was thrilled that the two guests were having sex with each other. It was an unusual occurrence when the guest got it on together. This would even add more spice to the videos that Spiro intended to use in his blackmail scheme. The guest's time on the island was almost up and Spiro decided to add even more debauchery to the encounters.

"Francine and Helena get your toys and join those two. They should be ready for anything by the time you get there," Spiro directed.

Francine and Helena gathered up their sex toys and placed them in a tote bag. Then they walked down to Sophie's quarters and entered the room. Sophie and Elsa were involved in a torrid 69 with Elsa on the top and they didn't even know that they had visitors.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" Helena blurted out startling the two guests.

Helena continued, "So Sophie you are that horny that you could not wait for Francine and me to get here. You just had to seduce Elsa did you? Well now you both can entertain Francine and me." 

Helena took over and directed the action at that point. Sophie got on her back on the bed and beckoned Elsa to her. Elsa knelt on the bed and lowered her mouth to Sophie's tasty pussy. Elsa then felt Helena slide under her and fasten her mouth on Elsa's pussy. Next Francine knelt behind Elsa and played with her buttocks. Francine then pushed Elsa's butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight brown aperture. Elsa gasped as Francine probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Elsa tried to focus on Sophie's pussy but the girls had her in an erotic state. Elsa located Sophie's clit and drew it into her mouth. Sophie cried out as Elsa took the hard pearl in her teeth and gently rolled it around. 

Sophie bucked her hips as she cried out with the intensity of her orgasm. Just as she came Elsa held Sophie tightly to her mouth and tried to drink in all the woman's love juices. Elsa was struggling with her own climax as the girls worked over her pussy and her asshole. Francine had her tongue in Elsa's ass as deep as it would go and Helena chewed lightly on Elsa's clit. Elsa screamed and her body thrashed about as her climax rocked her beautiful body. Elsa collapsed into Sophie's arms and stayed still as the three girls caressed her body.

Once Sophie and Elsa recovered sufficiently from their orgasms, Sophie had Francine and Helena lay next to each other on the bed. Then Elsa knelt between Francine's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty pussy. Sophie did the same with Helena and the two lovers knelt side by side as they ate the girls' pussies. The pussy eating skills of Sophie and Elsa were just too much for the young friends and they were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as Sophie and Elsa worked over their young energetic pussies. The girls pushed their hips up trying to get the tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously Francine and Helena screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Sophie and Elsa continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. As the girls calmed a little Sophie and Elsa kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs. The girls shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them.

Sophie told Francine and Helena that she wanted them to fuck her and Elsa with the fake cocks. Francine and Helena then put on the strap-on dildo and harness. Sophie and Elsa lay on their backs side by side and Sophie urged the girls to fuck them. Francine moved between Elsa's legs and Helena got between Sophie's legs. They helped the girls guide the fake cocks into their pussies and began moving their hips up to meet their experienced thrusts. Francine and Helena knew what they were doing and they soon had established a rhythm fucking the other girls. The girls soon felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. It was so exciting for the women to be fucking each other and then they leaned over to suck on the Elsa's and Sophie's tits. Sophie and Elsa in turn fondled their lover's tits and tweaked their nipples and rolled them in their fingertips.

The entire room smelled of sex from the four dripping pussies. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as they fucked hard and fast. Francine and Helena were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. The two girls worked their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Sophie and Elsa were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Sophie and Elsa screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. They humped quickly and then collapsed back on the bed as Francine and Helena plowed their pussies with the fake cocks.

Francine and Helena removed the rubber dicks from the women's pussies and looked at the dildos glistening with Sophie's and Elsa's juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Francine and Helena moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Sophie and Elsa watched them do this and marveled at their initiative. The two girls sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. 

"Let me show you what is next," Helena told them.

Sophie and Elsa as lay on their sides facing one another and worked the double dildo into their pussies as they had their assholes greased up by the girls. The two staff members watched in awe as the entire shaft at each end disappeared into the women's pussies.

"Now Francine and I will fuck you in the ass with our cocks," Helena directed.

The two young girls were so excited they couldn't believe their good fortune that Elsa actually wanted a big rubber cock in her ass. Tentatively the two girls got behind Sophie and Elsa and tenderly pushed the fake cocks into the women's assholes. Sophie and Elsa reached behind them and guided the dildos into their assholes and encouraged the girls to fuck them hard and quick. Francine moved closer to Sophie as the cock slid into her ass and Sophie reached behind her and pulled Francine by her buttocks tightly against her. Francine's pubes pressed into Sophie's ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Francine could once again felt the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into her lover as she fucked her ass. Francine reached around and slid her hand between Elsa and Sophie and cupped her tits.

Almost the same scene was repeated between Helena and Elsa and the two girls were now fucking their lover's asses with the same enthusiasm as they had fucked their pussies earlier. The dildo nubs were doing their job as Francine and Helena rapidly fucked the two shapely asses of Sophie and Elsa. Francine was the first to cum and she shuddered and held Sophie tightly as she screamed out loud in ecstasy. Helena was right behind her and she buried her head in Elsa's shoulder to muffle her own screams as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. Sophie and Elsa went right on fucking each other with the double dildo until they too had mind shattering orgasms. The two women held onto the cute shapely bottoms of their lovers as they thrashed their hips together, shuddered, stiffened and coated the double dildo with their female juices.

"Oh my God that was fantastic," cried Elsa.

"Oh you girls are so incredibly sexy," Sophie gasped.

The four of them lay still in the bed for awhile still coupled together with the fake cocks. Sophie told Francine and Helena to move first and slowly pull out of her and Elsa's ass. Francine and Helena eased the strap-on cocks out of the girl's asses and looked at them in disbelief. It was still hard to imagine those big rubber cocks were stuffed up Sophie's and Elsa's asses. Sophie and Elsa then moved apart and removed the double dildo from their pussies. Helena gathered up the fake cocks and took them to be washed thoroughly. As Helena washed the dildo's Francine lay on her back between the two other women. Sophie and Elsa played with Francine's tits as Francine diddled each of the girl's tight little pussies. 

Eventually Francine and Helena left Sophie's room. When they did leave, Sophie and Elsa were cuddled up together. Helena and Francine smiled at the guests and they knew that they would miss them both when they left the island.

THE SCHEME IS REVEALED

Sophie sat in disbelief in Spiro's office when he explained the blackmail scheme. Sophie's husband had already seen what Spiro referred to as the highlight reel. Through his contact on the mainland Spiro had sent the video stream to Sophie's husband with the demand for a financial payoff. If he refused then all the videos would be seen on the internet and every tabloid worldwide would receive CDs of the sexual encounters.

Sophie was mortified that this had happened to her. Although she was glad to hear that her husband paid the blackmail she knew that life between them would never be the same. Certainly in his position of power worldwide, he could not afford a scandal. Sophie had the trip home to contemplate what her husband would say or do when she arrived home.

Sophie was in for a surprise though, as upset as her husband first was over the video it did turn him on. He actually liked seeing his wife make it with other women and he made up his mind that she would entertain him in the future with other female lovers. He even purchased many sex toys for her to use with her female lovers just as he had seen in the video. Sophie's husband had suspected that she and the maid were a little too close and now his suspicions were confirmed. He would look forward to his wife and the maid putting on a show for him.

Elsa was in a different situation all together. Her athlete husband turned the tables on Spiro and his wife Elsa. He turned the video over to a news station saying that he had hired a private detective because he was suspicious of Elsa. Elsa's husband claimed that the video was taken by the private detective. He announced to the news station that he had planned to divorce Elsa because he was suspicious but now that her infidelity was confirmed he didn't care if he ever saw her again. 

Elsa sat there dumbfounded as she had no idea what to do. Elsa had no assets and there was no way she could ever pay Spiro what he was demanding. Besides how could she even return home? She would be humiliated in public and she had no where to go and no money.

"Elsa you will remain on the island and you will become one of my staff. You are very beautiful and very sensual so you will fit in very well with the rest of the staff," Spiro told her.

"Remain here forever?" Elsa questioned.

"Yes, at least until it is time for all of us to leave when we stop operations," Spiro answered.

"And I am expected to help you seduce your guests and blackmail them too?" Elsa asked nervously.

"Yes that's correct. You will behave just like Francine and Helena but you will still be allowed to fuck Thomas, Paolo and Jose," Spiro replied.

"And I have no choice but to stay?" 

"That's right," Spiro concluded the discussion.

Spiro was mad that he had been hoodwinked by Elsa's husband but he learned a lesson, he would be much more thorough in the future when selecting possible targets for his schemes.

After the plane left that day with Sophie on it, Spiro gathered the staff together for a welcome party for Elsa. The welcome party was just another prelude to an orgy as a way of welcoming Elsa to the staff. For starters Elsa had to suck Spiro's cock while Thomas fucked her in the ass. Then Elsa ate Francine's pussy while Paolo fucked Elsa in the ass. Finally Jose fucked Elsa in the ass while she ate Helena's pussy.

After a brief rest Elsa sucked on Paolo's cock as Thomas fucked Paolo in the ass. Francine slid under Elsa and ate Elsa's pussy as Helena knelt on all fours and ate Francine's pussy. Jose then got behind Helena and fucked her pussy with his huge cock. The six of them stayed together until they had all cum again. The finale for the evening was when Elsa was triple fucked for the first time in her life. She mounted Jose's cock as he lay on his back. Then Thomas slipped his tapered cock into Elsa's asshole and Paolo fed hi big dick to her mouth.

Each of the men came flooding all of Elsa's three holes. Then Francine and Helena kissed, licked and sucked cum from Elsa's body. Spiro watched in approval as he was satisfied that Elsa would fit in very well with the staff and make a fine addition to his island. Spiro then reminded everyone that a new guest was arriving tomorrow but from all indications it seemed that the guest would prefer the female company just as Sophie had. The woman was to be the wife of a very wealthy man and the daughter of a very influential world leader. Spiro hoped to score it big with his next scheme.

THE NEW GUEST

The plane landed late morning and after the normal orientation the guest named Suzette headed for her room to take a nap before exploring the island and its amenities. There was something about this woman that made Spiro suspicious. She was too self-assured, too confident to fit the image of the spoiled daughter and wife. Spiro contacted his man on the mainland and asked him to investigate his guest further. Spiro would hold off on any seductions until he heard back from his contact.
