 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is based on a recollection I have from a story that I read over twenty years ago. The book I read had about five stories in it. I was thinking about this story the other day after watching a scene from a porn movie. There is no plagiarism here as I don't even remember the actual character names and I have added my own spin to the story. The one thing that is the same is the theme of deceit and blackmail. As always all characters are at least 18 years of age.

*

INTRODUCTION

Spiro at one time had been a Greek shipping magnate along with six other companies. The other six got greedy and decided to put Spiro out of business and taking over his shipping lines. Spiro never forgave those six men and vowed vengeance on them and their families. It took several years but Spiro did indeed get even and accumulated extensive wealth in the process.

Spiro found an uninhabited lush tropical island and turned it into a small paradise. He and his former assistant Helena hand selected staff members to work on the island. The staff members were selected based on their sexual orientation and promiscuity. Spiro secretly invited women to the island under the pretense that they had won an all expense paid vacation to this paradise for women only. 

The women invited were wives, daughters and even some mistresses of the six business men that had betrayed Spiro. The women were flown in by private jet and they had no idea where the island was located. Some women stayed for weeks and other only lasted a week. The women were seduced by the staff and all of their sexual indiscretions were video recorded. The women were then shown the videos of their lewd behavior and blackmailed. They were told unless the handsome fees were wired to an off shore account that the videos would appear on the internet and in tabloids around the world.

Spiro collected millions and millions of dollars as a result of the blackmail. He was smart enough to have the money laundered through multiple accounts so that it was untraceable. Spiro had first thought that he would dismantle the island blackmail business after he had achieved his revenge but it had gone so smoothly that he decided to prey on others. Spiro knew of prominent and wealthy business men and world politicians that would pay handsomely to avoid a scandal, so he decided to keep the business going.

THE STAFF

Helena had been Spiro's assistant in the shipping business and she had also been his mistress. Helena was often called on to have sex with Spiro in his office and that continued on the island as well. Helena could often be found kneeling and sucking on Spiro's cock as he watched the videos of his guests engaging in sexual activities. Helena was often frustrated in the past as Spiro didn't take care of her needs. However since the island operation began she had three cocks to keep her satisfied, Thomas, Paolo and Jose.

Thomas was a tall lean black man who stood at about 6'4". He had a tapered cock that was 8" long and it was perfect for anal sex. Thomas loved to fuck women in the ass especially the pretty young blonde women that Spiro brought to the island. He particularly loved introducing the women to anal sex and taking their anal virginity. Thomas was often called on by Spiro to join in with Helena. Spiro liked watching Thomas fuck Helena in the ass while Helena sucked on Spiro's cock. Thomas was also not averse to fucking the right man in the ass either as was the case with his colleague Paolo.

Paolo was a young Italian man who was very well hung with a 10" thick cock. Paolo had been raised by his aunt and uncle and when he was of age they introduced him to a world of sex. Paolo's favorite sexual coupling had been with his aunt sucking his cock as his uncle fucked his ass. Paolo never felt that his manhood was ever challenged as he just liked the feel of a cock in his ass as he shot his load into a woman's mouth. He also liked the feel of a cock pulsating in his rectum and shooting its seed deep into his bowels. Paolo came in buckets with his volcanic like ejaculations and he relished filling a pretty woman's mouth to overflowing. Often when Helena was not with Spiro she could be found sucking Paolo's big cock as Thomas fucked Paolo in the ass. Francine, another staff member, could also be found sucking Paolo's cock as Thomas either fucked her ass or Paolo's ass. 

Francine was a pretty petite French girl with all the bumps in the right places. She had cute firm titties and a shapely tight ass. Her legs were perfect and she drove men crazy with her sultry behavior and sexy figure. Francine was an orphan in Paris and adopted when she was 10 years old. She was treated well until she was 18 years old and then her adoptive parents began to have sex with her. Over the next three years Francine lost her virginity in all three holes to her father. She was thankful that he wasn't large but she still remembered the day that he took her anal virginity. Her mother introduced her into the world of female sex and Francine actually loved the female companionship. Francine loved to eat pussy while hers was being eaten and she and her mother often ate each other in a 69 position. Her father always took that opportunity to fuck Francine in the ass. Over the years Francine became infatuated with big cocks and she loved to have her pussy stuffed to the hilt with a big thick cock. On the island Paolo was always willing to fuck her pussy and at times she was double fucked with Thomas in her ass. The third man on the island, Jose, was even bigger and thicker than Paolo and Francine loved to have his cock fill her throbbing pussy.

Jose was a handsome Spaniard who was a renowned porn star before he came to work on the island. He was renowned for his large thick cock that was 11+ inches and over 6 inches around. He was also famous for his cum shots as his cock looked like a fire hose spurting on the bodies of his co-stars. Jose loved stuffing his cock into a tight young pussy and watching the reaction on the woman's face as she was filled beyond her expectation. Jose also loved the blow jobs he received from the female guests and also from Helena and Francine on the island. Jose did not miss anal sex as he had stuffed his large cock in plenty of asses when he was a porn star. He was still amazed at the porn actress's ability to handle his cock in their shapely asses. Francine and Helena were grateful that neither Jose nor Paolo tired to fuck them in their ass.

THE STAFF GETS TOGETHER

An evening after three of the female guests departed for home, the staff sipped on cocktails and watched the videos of the three guests in action. All three of the ventures had been successful and each of them paid handsomely to avoid a scandal and family embarrassment. The next day the staff was expecting two more unsuspecting ladies to arrive but for now they enjoyed the videos and each other.

As they watched the video they all got turned on. Spiro summoned Helena over to suck his cock and told Thomas that he could fuck her in the ass if he wished. Thomas smiled and moved over behind Helena as she dropped to her knees and took her boss's cock in her mouth. Thomas greased Helena's asshole as he had done so many times. He loved pushing his fingers into her ass and pussy at the same time. Satisfied that she was well lubed Thomas moved in and slipped his hard tapered cock into Helena's ass. He began a slow rocking motion as his cock slid in and out of her experienced ass. Thomas liked to go slow and make the ass fucking last as long as he could.

On the other side of the room Francine lay on her back with Jose between her legs and his big dick buried in her pussy. She turned her head to one side as she took Paolo's big cock in her hand and guided it into her mouth. She was quite a sight as her petite body was dwarfed by the European studs and their impressive cocks. Francine loved the way Jose's cock filled her pussy and how the shaft stayed in constant contact with her clit. Francine would orgasm several times before either Paolo or Jose shot their wads.

Spiro watched as Thomas stiffened and he knew that Thomas was shooting his cum deep into Helena's rectum. Helena tensed for a second as she felt the warm cum fill her asshole and then she resumed sucking Spiro's cock. Helen reached between her legs and diddled her clit as Thomas continued to fuck her ass with long smooth steady strokes. Even though Thomas had cum he remained hard and continued to fuck Helena's ass. Spiro then unleashed his load into Helena's mouth and she swallowed every drop as she had done for so many years. Spiro's cock quickly softened in Helena's mouth and she sucked it completely dry before she let it slip from her mouth. Thomas continued to fuck Helena's ass as Helena frigged herself toward her own orgasm. Helena stiffened as her body rocked with her climax and her anal muscles tightened around Thomas's cock. Thomas stopped moving as Helena's body jerked out of control and then he withdrew his cock from her ass when she stopped moving. Helena collapsed face down on the floor.

Francine was close to her third orgasm with Jose's big dick still stuffed in her pussy and Paolo's huge cock in her mouth. Thomas moved over and knelt behind Paolo and lubed Paolo's ass in preparation. Thomas then slipped his cock into Paolo's ass and fucked him slowly as Francine continued to suck on Paolo's cock. The intrusion in his ass was enough to send Paolo over the edge and he fired streams of cum into Francine's tiny mouth. Francine grasped Paolo's cock tightly in an effort to control the force and the amount of cum shooting into her mouth. As Paolo came, his ass muscles tightened around Thomas's cock causing Thomas to cum again for a second time that evening. Paolo's ass gripped Thomas's cock so tight that Thomas was fearful that a sudden wrong move by Paolo and Thomas's cock might snap off in Paolo's ass. Watching Francine suck cum from Paolo's cock was enough to set off Jose. He plunged his cock all the way into Francine's pussy as deep as he could and then he fired a barrage of cum into her womb. Francine felt her pussy fill up with Jose's cum as she had so many times in the past. Before long his cock was swimming in their combined juices as Francine had yet another mind blowing orgasm.

"Okay that's enough for tonight my lovelies. We have new guests arriving tomorrow get a good night's sleep," Spiro directed.

But the staff wasn't done for the night and as soon as Spiro headed for his room that staff regrouped in Jose's room. Francine mounted Paolo's cock and her ass was quickly filled with Thomas's cock. Helena took her turn with Jose as he filled her pussy with his long thick rod. Helena had been looking forward to Jose's cock. Francine went wild with the double penetration and she orgasmed several more times. The last time was when she rolled over on her back with Paolo's cock still in her pussy. Thomas had slipped out of her ass but then he put his cock back in Paolo's ass. Francine begged Paolo to stop fucking her pussy as she was drained and her cunt couldn't take anymore. Paolo and Thomas rolled to their sides and Francine moved off of Paolo's cock. Francine then moved down and took Paolo's cock back in her mouth and sucked him until he came again. Thomas also came in Paolo's ass again which triggered Paolo's ejaculation. Francine swallowed every drop as she had before. 

Helena was screaming as her body rocked with her intense climax. Jose was pounding her pussy unmercifully as he raced toward his own orgasm. Finally his body stiffened and he flooded Helena's womb with his cum. She could feel the warm thick cum hit the walls of her vagina and fill her to overflowing. Jose's cum trickled out of Helena's pussy as he continued to stroke in and out of her cunt. Finally he stopped moving and when he pulled his cock out with an audible pop, Helena felt the cool air rush into her vagina. At that point the staff all returned to their own quarters to wash up and get ready for bed.

THE NEW GUESTS ARRIVE

The next day the private plane landed with two pretty female guests. Sophie was a woman in her late thirties who was the wife of a world political leader. She and particularly her husband could not ever survive a scandal so she was a perfect target for Spiro. The other woman Elsa was in her early twenties. She had formerly been a Swedish model and she was now married to a billionaire athlete. The athlete was world known and he had amassed his fortune with exorbitant salary contracts and endorsements. Spiro was convinced that the athlete would pay handsomely if they were successful seducing Elsa.

Sophie was an attractive woman with black hair and dark eyes. Her 35-24-35 figure displayed firm tits, shapely legs and a very curvy ass. One thing that was not obvious with her clothes on was her very pretty pussy. Sophie's pussy was perfectly shaped with neatly trimmed black hair. She also had a small white stripe running through her black pubic hair that made her pussy look even more alluring. Only her husband and her maid knew about her pussy and they both equally loved eating it. Sophie had been very discreet about her affair with her maid and only the two of them knew of their indiscretions. Sophie was attracted to Elsa on the flight and she secretly hoped that maybe she and Elsa may get closer on the island.

Elsa was not a virgin when she married her current athlete husband but she was not an experienced woman beyond vaginal sex either. She was a natural blonde with a 33-22-34 figure who stood at 5'6" and weighed about 110 pounds. She was a stunning girl who looked better naked than she did with clothes on. Although Elsa was inexperienced and somewhat naïve about sex she occasionally had a strange tingling in her loins when she was around good looking people.

Sophie and Elsa were lead up to the main house where they were greeted by Spiro and introduced to the staff. Spiro welcomed them and explained the brief rules of the island resort.

"The most important thing is that you allow yourself to be pampered and enjoy every moment on this paradise island. My staff will attend to your every need whatever it may be," Spiro told the guests.

"We are very laid back here and this is a clothing optional resort. The only place that clothing is required is this building. All your meals will be served in this building. Don't be shocked or too surprised when you see one of the staff members enjoying the sun in the nude," Spiro went on casting a mischievous smile.

Spiro explained the roles of each staff member and stressed once again that the staff was there to cater to every need of the guest no matter what those needs were. Sophie spotted the pretty French girl Francine and she wondered if Francine would attend to her special needs. Francine saw Sophie staring at her and she smiled in Sophie's direction. Sophie felt her loins stir when the French girl smiled at her.

Elsa was taken with the handsome Spaniard and Italian and she wished that either one of them were responsible for massages but Spiro had explained that Thomas was the masseuse on the island. Elsa planned to sun bathe by the cabana at the beach where Jose would be tending bar. 

Spiro concluded the brief introduction and the guests were shown to their rooms. Sophie and Elsa agreed to meet at the beach and relax in the sun and then walk around the island to become familiar with the surroundings. Elsa noticed that the room doors did not have locks on them but then there were no safety concerns so she dismissed it. Elsa put on her string bikini and headed to the beach. Sophie was already at the beach in a lounge chair with a drink in her hand. Elsa took in the older woman's beauty and marveled at her fit body. Elsa pulled up a lounge chair and sat next to Sophie.

Francine appeared to take Elsa's drink order. She was wearing a grass skirt but without a top. She had flower lei's around her neck that covered her breasts but her breasts were exposed when she bent over to place a drink on the table. Francine also wore flower ringlets on her wrists, ankles and a large one in her hair. She really looked the part of a French Polynesian girl. 

"She's no wearing any panties," Sophie whispered as Francine walked away.

Elsa looked at Francine as she walked away and noticed the bare skin peeking through the grass skirt. It was actually sexier to see her in her outfit then it would have been if she were totally naked. Sophie was already feeling the desire for Francine. Francine returned with Elsa's drink and Sophie never took her eyes off the sexy French girl.

"You should really have a massage later. Thomas is terrific and you will love the way he makes you feel," Francine told them.

"Maybe later, thank you!" Elsa replied.

Elsa and Sophie made small talk as they sipped their drinks and relaxed in the sun. Elsa then decided to walk around and check out the island. Sophie opted to stay at the beach and have another drink.

THE SEDUCTIONS BEGIN

Elsa walked around the island for short while and then she came upon the spa area where Thomas was. Thomas smiled at her and spoke.

"Are you up for a massage today mum?" he asked.

"Oh I don't know, I was just walking around," Elsa replied.

"Well I give a great massage and it is guaranteed to relax you after your long trip," Thomas said smiling.

"Oh sure, why not, I might as well," Elsa agreed.

"Take off your bikini mum and get up on this table," Thomas directed.

"Don't you have a towel?" Elsa inquired.

"Oh we don't use them her mum. They just get in the way and we are all relaxed here," Thomas replied.

Not wanting to appear prudish or offend Thomas, Elsa took off her bikini and got up on the massage table. She lay face down so that her pussy and breasts were not on display. Thomas smiled as she got on her stomach and then he looked at her beautiful ass. He felt his cock stir in his own shorts as she thought about sliding his tapered black cock into her lily white curvy ass. Thomas took some massage oil and began rubbing it into Elsa's shoulders and back. Elsa cooed as it did feel good. This was the first time a black man had ever touched Elsa but she was over her discomfort in seconds.

Thomas worked magic with his hands as they moved all over Elsa's upper body and she became totally relaxed. Thomas then moved his hands to her legs beginning with her feet and calves. Elsa was relieved that Thomas had bypassed her ass and focused on her legs. Thomas massaged Elsa's calves and then his hands moved higher to her thighs. He took his time with her thighs massaging one at a time and at times he came dangerously close to her pubic area but he never touched her pussy.

Then Thomas put an ample amount of oil on his hands and began to massage Elsa's buttocks. Elsa tensed at first and then relaxed as Thomas massaged her ass. Elsa was in a dreamy state when she felt Thomas hand slid into the crack of her ass. Then a strange thing happened to her as a tingle ran through her body. Elsa never realized that her ass was so sensitive. Recognizing her pleasure, Thomas allowed his fingertip to brush her nether hole. Elsa's body twitched but not in alarm but in excitement. 

Elsa's mind was racing and she was confused. She knew he shouldn't touch her there but she also enjoyed it. She knew she should tell him to stop but she remained quiet. Then she felt Thomas's finger probe her anus once again and she remained still and quiet as he had his way with her nether hole. Thomas sensed her submissive state and took it to the next step. He eased his finger into Elsa's ass little by little until his finger was buried in her rectum. Elsa remained still and allowed Thomas to finger her asshole and she felt tingles run through her body. Thomas wormed his finger around in her ass and then he slowly removed it.
