 There's an old adage that goes-if you can't afford to lose, you can't afford to bet. I've always thought that statement spoke the truth, so I've avoided gambling unless it's a sure thing. I'm a world-class three-cushion billiard player, but because the sport is so obscure, most of my friends and neighbors aren't aware of my talent.

It was a wintry Friday night and I was at a party at my neighbor's home, watching the action around the pool table in his recreation room. A leggy blonde of indeterminable age, wearing a short mini-skirt, sat on a high stool across from me. Every so often, she would take a sip of her drink and then set it back down on the table beside her. Each time she reached for her drink, her knees would unfold and give me a great view of her panty-clad pussy.

After about the fifth or sixth time she spread, I glanced up and looked directly in her eyes. As I blushed at being caught, she flashed me a brilliant smile and issued a low, growling laugh. Then she slid down off her stool and walked over to me.

"Enjoy the view?" she whispered in my ear, leaning over enough to give me an additional view down the front of her blouse.

"It was more than just a view," I responded. "It was more like a display . . . a really nice display, by the way. The type I've always enjoyed witnessing over and over again."

"Thanks. Glad you liked it. Maybe later on I'll put on another performance." She chuckled as she headed off to another part of the house.

Later on, my host told me her name was Pat Sullivan and that she lived just down the block. 

Turning my attention back to the pool table, I watched a different woman who was playing and beating everyone in sight. She was a good basement player and tried to get someone to play her for money, but she didn't have any takers.

Her name was Ann Thompson and she owned a beauty shop in the strip mall off Fourteen-Mile Road. An attractive middle-aged woman with two teenage kids, she wore clothes a little too gaudy for my taste, but she turned most heads-mine included-when she walked past.

She wore red leather pants tucked into high-heeled, knee-high, black boots and a black leather bustier. I doubted she had anything on underneath her front-laced top, because it showed almost all of her ample chest. When she bent over to hit a pool shot, her audience-including me-would watch intently, hoping she would fall out of the contraption. The finishing touch to her outfit was her fingernail polish, which was exactly the same shade as her pants.

A couple of times, when she bent over to hit a shot, her leather-clad ass wound up only inches from my face. Her butt was firm and it took every bit of self-control I could muster not to pinch her sweet ass. 

"I'll play," I said when she couldn't find any takers to play for money. "But not for money. How about . . . I'll clean your house and wash your windows, against you giving me a haircut?"

"You're on," she said without any hesitation at all. 

Now, a pool table is different from a billiard table. To begin with, it's smaller and has six holes. But the stick action for the game is the same, so I knew I wouldn't have any trouble winning. I figured I'd knock her down a peg or two and get a free haircut out of the deal.

We lagged for the break and I won. Without ceremony, I cleared the table and won the game without her even getting a shot. Now, you have to be a really good stick handler to do that-or damn lucky. I was a little bit of both.

"God . . . you're lucky," she said. "I need another shot at you. Name your stakes and let's play again."

"Do you do manicures and pedicures?" I asked.

"Yes." She nodded and we agreed to play for a manicure against the haircut she already owed me. This time, she had the break and when she leaned over to start shooting, she made a point of waiting until I looked at her and smiled. "Maybe what I need to do is distract you just a wee bit."

Looking down her top, I could clearly see her tits and her hard, protruding nipples, which looked ripe for sucking. Still blatantly ogling her chest, I smirked. "We'll see." 

When I won again, we played a third game for a pedicure-which I also won.

"Maybe I'd be distracted if you slipped off those red pants," I whispered in her ear, a big grin on my face.

"I don't know about that. I do know you're about the luckiest bastard I've ever seen," Ann said, laughing and shaking her head back and forth. "I think I'm better than you are. I wish we were playing on my table; I'd kick your ass but good. I just know I'd beat the pants off you." 

"Next time, we can play for our pants," I said with a chuckle. "When do I get to collect on this bet?"

"How about tomorrow afternoon? If you come by my house, I'll give you the works all in one sitting. I have customers at the shop all morning, but I'll be home around three. Would that be okay?"

Just as I agreed, her husband showed up and starting laughing at her. He was one of those loud salesman-type guys. He looked like a dude who, in his younger days, might've been in great shape, but who hadn't worked out in at least ten years. The most action he probably saw now was bending his elbow at the bar.

"Well, I guess you caught your tits in the wringer that time, sweetie. There's at least one guy who doesn't have to kiss your puckered-up ass. He just kicked it but good," he said with another boisterous laugh.

"I'm sorry," Ann said, ushering her husband away, "he's had a little too much to drink I'm afraid. It's time I take him home. I'll see you tomorrow, okay?"

* * *

I showed up a couple of minutes after three the next afternoon. Ann met me at the door and led me back to her family room where an eight-foot pool table dominated the room.

"My husband isn't here. He took our daughters to visit his mother in Chicago for the weekend. We had a little bit of a row this morning after the spectacle he made of himself last night. I hope his absence doesn't bother you."

"Not at all. In fact, if you don't have anything planned, after the haircut and stuff, I'll take you out to dinner. My treat."

"Sounds good, but before we get started, I'd like one more chance at you on my own table. We could play for who buys dinner."

"I tell you what. I'll play you for the haircut, the pedicure, the manicure, and I'll toss in dinner. I'll even let you break. If you win, I'll buy dinner and we're all even. Even if I win, I'll still buy dinner. But," I said, looking up and down her body, ogling her perfect breasts and the curve of her slim waist, "you'll do the haircut, pedicure, and manicure . . . in the nude. What do you say to that?"

"Ah . . . ah . . . " she sputtered. Finally looking me in the eye, she laughed and said, "You've got a deal."

We played and she tried hard, but when she missed, I ran the table on her. With a sigh, she led me to her bathroom and got a stool for me to sit on. She went into her bedroom and came back without a stitch of clothing on. 

God, she was an attractive woman. She had long dark-brown hair with auburn highlights pulled up in a French twist. She walked towards me slowly, placing one foot in front of the other, showing off her dark, trimmed bush. She looked like a model and appeared completely comfortable with her nudity. To me, she looked a whole lot better nude than she ever did with her clothes on.

"I've got something to ask before we get started," Ann said. "Tell me how you learned to shoot pool."

"Well, I'm not really a pool player, but I do play competitive three-cushion billiards. My father's best friend was a guy named Harold Worst. He was a professional world-champion player and he spent a lot of time teaching me how to handle a cue stick."

Ann just stood there shaking her head while I leisurely took in her exciting body. My eyes traveled up the length of her thin, shapely legs, over the slight swell of her belly, and fell on her large firm-as-an-eighteen-year-old tits and her taut nipples. 

"Why don't I cut your hair while you're sitting in the bathtub. That way, we won't get hair all over everything. In fact, if you take all your clothes off, we can just rinse you down afterwards," Ann said with a lecherous grin.

While I took my stuff off, she put the stool in the tub. When I sat back down on it, she stepped into the tub and straddled me, putting her tits right in my face. My dick rose to its full size and she just wiggled around until she managed to sit right down on it. Running her fingers through my hair, she pulled my face into her chest. I nipped at her breasts with my lips and flicked my tongue up and down in a furious fashion. Her nipples grew longer and harder and her breathing quickened.

The stool was too wobbly, so I stood up, causing her to wrap her legs around my waist, and walked us to her bedroom. Once I placed her on the bed, I leaned forward, bracing my hands on the mattress and began pumping into her surprisingly tight snatch.

The bedroom was hot and it didn't take long for both of us to start sweating. The squishing sound my hard tool made sliding in and out of her tight tunnel was very erotic. The aroma of a woman in heat stimulated my senses and I fucked her like I was a machine. Her ankles crossed behind my back, she lifted herself up enough to lick the sweat off the end of my nose as I pumped a full load into her. After I slipped out of her saturated channel, she urged me onto the bed and proceeded to lick me clean, making me hard again.

"God, that was fantastic," I said. "I think that's the best haircut I've ever had. I can't wait for the manicure and pedicure."

"Cum-ing right up," was all she said as she climbed on top of me. She slid her sweaty body over my chest and stomach, giving me a total body massage with her breasts. Her nipples were so hard they felt like small marbles pressing into my torso. She moved down just enough to trap my raging hard-on between her tits and it took tremendous willpower on my part not to shoot my second load all over her chest.

Then she moved back up and kissed me, swallowing my tongue and taking my breath away. Her slippery snatch grabbed my penis and sucked it into her womb. I felt the puckered opening of her uterus when my cock bottomed out in her tunnel of love and I soaked her insides with my life-giving juice. 

I never did get my haircut or any of the other beauty treatments. We didn't even go out for dinner. About ten that night, we stopped long enough to wolf down some stuff she had in the refrigerator. We shot a couple more games of pool-the stakes being the winner got the bottom. Of course, I won and she rode me for the rest of the night.

It wasn't long before the sun came up and we finally stopped. Exhausted, I went home and slept until noon when the phone woke me up.

"Hi," Ann said. "My family won't be back until after six. Can I come over? I'd really like you teach me to shoot the way you do. Pool, not semen. You know what I mean."

"Sure, come on over. I haven't got anything planned. I'm just resting up from last night. I don't know if I'll ever be able to shoot anything but pool after the workout you gave me."

"Great," Ann said with a laugh. "But if that's the case, then maybe I'll ask my friend to come along with me. Would that be okay?" 

"Sure, I'll open up a bottle of wine," I replied.

A little later, Ann showed up with Pat Sullivan.

"Do you know Pat?" Ann asked as Pat stuck out her hand and I gently took it between both of mine.

"We've never been introduced," I responded, bending down to kiss the back of her hand. "I did have the pleasure of watching her . . . however . . . last night." 

"It wasn't my 'however' you were watching; it was my 'whatever.'" Pat giggled. "This is the cute guy I told you about Ann. The guy who kept looking up my skirt and down my shirt at the party Friday night." 

"You're a busy man, aren't you?" Ann said. "Ogling and flirting with my best friend on Friday night and fucking the shit out of me on Saturday."

"Some of us have all the luck," I said with a laugh. "Would you gals like to join me in the hot tub?" I snickered, pointing to the deck beyond the sliding glass doors. "It might just be the thing I need to help rejuvenate these tired old bones of mine. Maybe then I can attempt to repeat yesterday's performance."

"That sounds like fun," they both said in unison and laughed.

Standing, I pulled my shirt and sweater off over my head in one swift move. Then I unbuckled my pants, kicked off my loafers, and stood in my boxers with my dick at half-mast before either of them even moved.

"Eager little beaver, isn't he?" Pat said.

"More like a rabbit. Or whatever animal it is that eats beaver," Ann stated, walking over. She slipped her hand in the front opening of my shorts and gently pulled on my willy.

"Well . . . if he's a beaver-eater, he's my kind of animal. What are we waiting for?" Grinning, Pat stripped off her sweater and her T-shirt. Her shelf bra pushed up the rounded globes of her boobs so they stood proudly on her chest. She bent over and pushed her jeans and panties down. Still bent over, she pushed everything off her feet, including her shoes and socks. She stood up and reached behind her to unhook her bra, thrusting out her hips and flaunting the brightest patch of blonde pubic hair I'd ever seen.

My mouth fell open for a second before I exclaimed, "Well, I'll be dipped. I've never seen one that blonde in my whole life."

"I'm sure you're familiar with the old adage 'buy a double batch and get a snatch to match.'" Pat laughed. "Ann fixed me up like this. If you're a good little boy, maybe I'll let you pet my golden kitty."

We all laughed as we raced through the light dusting of snow to the hot tub. Once submerged in the water, steam floated around our heads and relaxing jets of hot water battered our bodies. 

Flanked by two women, I enjoyed the playful touch of four hands on my body and the two constantly bickering over whom got to put their hands on my engorged rod. My own hands were busy touching as many parts of their bodies as I could reach.

"This is too hot for me," Pat said, scrambling up to sit on the edge of the tub, only her feet remaining in the water. "Maybe it's time I put on a private performance for our host." With that statement, she slowly spread her knees and revealed her beautiful golden kitty. The blonde hairs were straight, dripping water, and looked sexy as hell.

"I'm not wearing my glasses," I said. "I better get up real close, so I don't miss anything." And I moved over and put my head between her thighs, peeking at her pussy. When she pulled my face into her crotch, I started licking up the liquid that was only partly chlorinated pool water. It was very evident her internal sex faucet had been completely turned on.

"When did you start wearing glasses?" Ann asked before she sitting up and joining me. Pat was forced to spread her legs even more to accommodate the two of us. It didn't take a brain surgeon to conclude this wasn't the first time Ann had ever nibbled the fruits Pat had to offer.

With two tongues converging on either side of her clit, it was only a matter of moments before Pat reached a crescendo and pressed her pussy out and up against us as she reached her orgasm.

"Ohhhhh!!!!! Ahhhhh!!!! Godddddddddddd . . . damnnnnn!!!!" Pat exclaimed, her body shaking with pleasure. "I feel like I've died and gone to heaven." 

When Pat finally slid back into the water, Ann took her place on the edge. Pat and I, working in tandem, were able to get Ann off with about the same degree of enthusiasm that Pat had displayed. I think her yelling might've startled some of the residents of the cemetery at the end of the block. 

When it was my turn, I didn't last nearly as long as I wanted to. I think it was the fact that it was the first time two beautiful women worked together to get me off. While one set of lips was over the head of my cock, the other was moving up and down my shaft. I shot my load into Ann's waiting mouth.

"Give me a taste of that," Pat whimpered and they began deep soul kissing, swapping my life-giving essence. When they finally broke apart, they had identical angelic smiles on their faces, joyfully licking their lips.

Even though I hadn't been out of the water long, my body still felt frozen by the cold air, so I slipped back into the engulfing warmth.

It was close to three in the afternoon when we got out of the water. Soaking in a hot tube for over two hours was way too long and we were all limp as wet noodles.

"I'm beat," Ann said. "I think I'll pass on any billiard instruction this afternoon and just go on home. I need a nap before my family gets back."

"I'm going to skip out too," Pat said. "But can we come back some time soon?"

"You can come back individually or collectively. All you have to do is call and say you're on your way. In fact, you're welcome to come back anytime. Tomorrow if you want to," I said.

"We might just do that. My shop is closed on Monday, so if you put on a big pot of coffee, I'll be over as soon as the kids leave for school," Ann said.

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," Pat said. "I'll come with her."

And with that, they both started laughing. After they each gave me a big sloppy kiss and left, I knew I'd better take a nap. Tomorrow looked like it was going to be another one of those really busy days.

I owe a special thanks to SexySoBeChick for her help and editing skill. She is a very talented author and I'm lucky she takes the time and effort to help me. She is an exceptional person and I am deeply indebted to her.