 I woke up feeling Ms. Rachel's breasts pressed against my back and my semi-hard penis nestled between Ms. Julie's thighs. I opened my eyes to see light streaming in through the window between the beds. Yesterday I had woken up stranded on a tropical island after nearly dying in some kind of accident, and today I woke up nestled between two kind and lovely women who were also gorgeous, nude, and had fucked my brains out last night along with several of their equally nude and gorgeous friends. My mind was reeling a bit. If this was my new reality going forward I had nothing to complain about, but I didn't really have my head wrapped around what I could expect my new life to be like on a day-to-day basis.

Before I got around to wondering if the girls were awake, I felt Ms. Julie's fingers on the head of my dick. She was pressing it against her clit, and trying to rub it back and forth. I don't think it started out working well for her, but it was definitely working for me, and as I got harder she seemed to be able to get more pressure where she wanted it. I could hear her begin breathing a little more heavily and I could feel her getting a bit more aggressive. I reached my hand around and started trying to help her out. She repositioned both of us and let me get to work. I began rubbing her little nub back and forth, putting a little pressure on it. She opened her legs a little more and thrust herself out against my hand. I ran my middle finger up and down her slit, coating it with her juices, and rubbed faster on her clit. I felt Ms. Rachel stir behind me. I pushed harder on Ms. Julie's clit as she came, moaning softly.

"Good morning," Ms. Rachel whispered.

"I'll say!" said Ms. Julie.

"I hope we didn't wake the others," I said.

Ms. Julie answered, "Oh, they went downstairs. They told me to let you sleep, but I couldn't resist having a little fun."

She turned around to face me, and reached down to wrap her fingers around my stiff cock. "Rachel, I think we should take advantage of the fact that he's up."

Ms. Rachel propped herself up on one elbow and reached over to let her fingers mingle with Ms. Julie's. "What's this 'we' stuff? You already had a turn." She got up on her knees and looked me in the eyes. "What do you say? I didn't get to feel you inside me last night..."

"I say yes" Of course I said yes. 

I rolled onto my back, and she straddled me and looked at Ms. Julie. "Okay, how do you do this?"

Ms. Julie guided my penis into her hole. "You're going to be fine. It hurts at first but that goes away quickly." She reached over and grabbed one of the towels that Ms. Madison had brought last night.

Ms. Rachel gasped as she lowered herself down onto me, and stopped once she felt some resistance. I could see her expression change as she steeled herself, and she put her hand on my chest when she got all the way down with only a mild grunt. I ran my hands up her thighs and massaged the inside of her upper thighs. As she recovered and began gently pumping up and down, I moved one thumb onto her clit and began rubbing it back and forth. She wasn't quite as tight as Ms. Julie or Ms. Eva was, but close, and she was athletic and enthusiastic. She was moving around as well as bouncing up and down, and the sensations on the head of my dick while I was inside her were driving me wild. I began lifting my hips as she came back down to increase the sensation. The door opened and in walked the other three women.

"I guess we didn't need to worry about waking you up," remarked Ms. Leigh.

Ms. Rachel paused and looked over her shoulder.

Ms. Eva put her hand up. "Don't stop on our account."

"Don't have to ask me twice," said Ms. Rachel as she resumed her ride. I had been rubbing her clit with my thumb the whole time, and soon Ms. Rachel came. She dismounted and lay on the bed panting as Ms. Julie cleaned the blood and cum off my soft cock with the towel. After she had gotten most of it off she bent over and cleaned the rest with her tongue as my eyes rolled back in my head with pleasure. She finished and we all set up to have some of the bananas and glasses of water that the others had brought up to the room.

Ms. Eva spoke first. "We have an idea." She looked at me. "As much as we want to keep you to ourselves, that wouldn't be fair to the girls. Plus, they may well mob you as soon as you walk downstairs. They definitely heard us last night and they are already asking us questions about what happened. As I mentioned yesterday, we didn't want the girls to feel like they were missing out on anything in life, so we just skipped anything having to do with sex in their education. I don't know anymore whether that was right or wrong, but we'd like to fix that starting tomorrow. So, we'd like to have some classes. And, if you're willing, we'd like you to help us with the demonstrations. That means posing for the class and letting us point out your anatomy, as well as some...functional...demonstrations. What do you think?"

I thought that would be sexy as hell, so I said so. "I'm getting turned on just thinking about it!"

The ladies laughed, and Ms. Eva sounded relieved. "Wonderful! We'll let them know at lunch and then we'll start tomorrow. Now, how should we spend the rest of the morning?" She ran her hand up my shaft as she asked that question. "If you'd like to stay in I'm sure the girls would forgive us for neglecting our duties for one morning."

"I would like that very much. Ms. Rachel made my penis some non-verbal promises that someone is going to have to keep."

Ms. Madison practically jumped over to my side, and looked into my eyes very pointedly as she said, "You've used your mouth on us, and I assume that the reverse works as well?"

"I seem to remember that it does. Would you like to try?"

She wrapped her soft hands around my shaft, and gave it a tentative pump. "Yes."

Ms. Eva waved her hands at us. "Move that show over to the bed, please. I want to try out that tongue of his."

I lay back on the bed as Ms. Madison licked around the crown of my penis. She lightly kissed the very tip as Ms. Eva straddled me.Where Ms. Leigh had been sweet and Ms. Rachel had been musky, Ms. Eva just tasted clean as I ate her out. 

I could tell that Ms. Madison was an amateur, but she was determined and persistent, and eventually she had me filling her mouth with my hot seed. By that time I was almost done eating out Ms. Julie, having driven Ms. Eva to her second ever orgasm several minutes earlier. Ms. Madison leaned back as she swallowed with a satisfied look. "Ooh, that is nice. I would eat that as a sauce over my lunch." We all paused a moment. "Was that gross?"

I burst out laughing. "Maybe, but it was also super-hot. Any time you want some special sauce, you know where to find it." 

Everyone was laughing now. Well, everyone except Ms. Julie. She gave me a firm pat on the cheek. "I need you to focus, here, buddy."

The next few hours were, essentially, an orgy. I was only able to get enough erections to take Ms. Madison and Ms. Leigh's virginities, and to fuck Ms. Julie once more, but the rest of the time my tongue and fingers were well occupied.

Eventually we went down to the showers, and the industrial look of the showers did nothing to dampen my arousal at scrubbing, and being scrubbed by, five gorgeous women. We all got cleaner than we strictly needed to, but soon it was time for lunch.

I filled my plate with fruit and yams, and found a seat next to Brianna at a table with Alex and Linda from last night. Brianna put her hand on my leg after I sat down and asked how I was doing.

"I'm doing really well, Brianna. How was your morning?"

"It was rough. Linda needed some help with the generator, so I spent all morning sweaty and gross."

Linda spoke up, "it gets really hot in there, especially when we have to open it up to clean the pumps."

"That's so cool that you guys have your own geothermal plant. I'd love to see it sometime."

"I can totally show you around. I'm sure Brianna wouldn't mind you taking her spot next time I need help."

"Oh my gosh, please! Other than the pig farm, that's my least favorite job."

"That would be great!" I said, ignoring the information that there was a pig farm, although that explained the pork I'd been eating. I empathized with Brianna--I wasn't looking forward to helping out there either.

"We can do a little tour this afternoon."

Two more girls sat down, and Brianna introduced them to me. The short girl with lightly tanned skin and curly brown hair was named Jeanette, and the tall cocoa-skinned girl with a small afro was named Lisa. Before I had a chance to talk to them, Ms. Eva got everyone's attention.

"Ladies, I have an announcement to make. I'm sure word has gotten around that there were some interesting noises coming out of our room last night."

Someone yelled out an interruption. "And this morning!"

Ms. Eva waited patiently for the laughter to die down. "Yes, and this morning. The truth is that we have kept a certain subject out of your education here on our island. We were very young when we made that decision, acting on assumptions about the world that we had from when we were even younger. I hope you can all forgive us, and we plan to begin rectifying the situation as soon as possible. To that end, we are going to begin a new class tomorrow. This class will cover sex and genital anatomy. We'll be splitting you up into groups of five to six, and we should be able to cover the material in a single afternoon or morning. The only question is whether or not we're going to have these classes in the morning or the afternoon. If we have them in the morning, then you'll have to cover each other's workload, but I know you don't usually like to give up your free afternoons. So, we're going to put it to a vote. Everyone close your eyes and raise your hand first for mornings."

The older women counted the raised hands. It looked to be about ten. Sure enough when Ms. Eva asked for the afternoon votes, there were about three times as many. She announced that the first class would start tomorrow right after lunch, and she listed the girls that would be in each group. I was excited to hear that Brianna was going to be in the first group. I lost track of which of the other girls I knew were in which group, though.

We finished lunch and Linda asked me if I wanted a tour of the generator building. Brianna said she would come along as well, and we quickly cleared our table from lunch. We walked back across the building and out the door near the infirmary. I enjoyed watching the backsides of the two gorgeous young women in front of me as we walked. I asked Linda how she had learned how to maintain a geothermal generator.

"There were a bunch of different kinds of toys that survived the crash, and one was a set of little plastic toys that you could snap together to build things. I always liked doing that. When the older girls said that they needed someone to learn how to work on the generator, I volunteered. Ms. Leigh was trying to figure it out with me when I was younger, but I know she was relieved when I got old enough to take charge of the job. Brianna helps me out when I've got a two person job, but other than that this is my baby."

There was a short path at the edge of the lawn leading into the forest, and soon we came to a small building hidden by the trees. Linda opened the door and turned on the light. It was much warmer in the building than outside. The building was empty except for a row of hooks with protective gear, and a ladder leading down into an opening in the floor.

"It gets really hot down there, and everything is made of metal, so we have to put on this protective gear or we could get burned touching anything," Linda warned. The protective gear consisted of a jumpsuit with gloves and boots, and a helmet and goggles. We began putting them on.

"You know, I think I'm starting to get used to not wearing any clothes, because just for a second I thought it would be strange to put that on."

The girls seemed surprised. "I guess I hadn't thought about it," Brianna said. "I know that in the rest of the world people wear clothes in public, but I never thought about not wearing clothes as something to get used to. I mean, you don't wear clothes, like, at home with your family, do you?"

"Actually, yeah, most people wear clothes unless they're alone, most of the time. Once you're used to the clothes, it's sometimes less of a hassle to leave them on than change back and forth even when you're alone."

"That sounds so sad," Brianna said with a frown. "I mean, this is the only clothing I remember, but it's so heavy and constricting."

"Most clothing isn't this bad, but it can be constricting."

Linda was blushing. "Let's go look at the machines, yeah?" She climbed down the ladder first, and Brianna and I were right behind her. I could see why the gear was necessary. There were tables and pipes everywhere, and they were all metal. The humidity in the room was also very high. Linda told me this was because there were steam vents that released pressure in the pipe system. She told me what all the major components did, and described the flow that both water and heat took through the system. She and Brianna both told some stories of the more trying situations they had been in while repairing some of the components. The generator and all its systems were both large and intricate, and I was impressed that Linda had learned to maintain it basically all on her own. It had also lasted twenty years already. After some time we climbed back up the ladder.

"Oh my gosh, this feels so good!" Brianna almost screamed as she took off the jumpsuit.

We were all very sweaty. Linda's straight blonde hair was plastered to her face, but it was nothing compared to Brianna's wavy hair matted together. I took a moment to admire their bodies as sweat ran down their breasts and dripped off their nipples.

Brianna snapped me out of it. "Did you fall asleep standing up? I said, let's go shower!"

"Sorry, I was just thinking about how beautiful you both are."

"You really think so?" She said, literally batting her eyelashes at me. Or, at least she was trying to. With so much sweat running down her face she ended up getting some in her eyes, and she squinted and rubbed them. Linda tried to wipe the sweat off Brianna's brow but probably made it worse. I opened the door and we all gasped as we stepped out into the cool air. We made our way to the showers, and Linda turned on the water as Brianna grabbed a few loofahs and put some soap on them.

Limda blushed when Brianna told me I needed to let Linda wash me. "She gives such a good rubdown—it's like a massage at the same time."

"Oh, no, Brianna, let me wash you."

"Well, okay, I won't say no. And that way I get to wash him, and I like touching him."

First, I watched as Linda meticulously washed Brianna. She lathered up her hands and worked her fingers into Brianna's hair while she covered her eyes. She seemed to be rubbing the soap into her back and shoulders. She lightly ran her hands over her breasts and nipples. She scrubbed her ass and legs. She even pulled apart her pussylips to clean in between them. All the while she barely used the loofah, really only using it to refresh the lather on her hands. It was a very sensual scene, and I wasn't sure which of them I was more jealous of.

Next, Brianna washed me. She remarked how much easier it was washing my short hair than the longer hair of the girls. I loved the feel of her fingers massaging my scalp. After rinsing my head she ran her hands over my shoulders and arms, lifting them to clean my underarms. She scrubbed my torso, and spent extra time being thorough on my ass and crotch.

"It's getting bigger! What are you doing?" Linda gasped. She hadn't seen my erection yet.

"It happens when I get aroused, and Brianna's fingers are doing a wonderful job of getting me aroused right now, especially when she does that...oh...that thing right there." I said. "Yes, that one." Brianna giggled at my stammering. "That feels amazing."

Brianna looked up at me with big doe eyes. "Can I kiss it?"

"Yes, please."

She put her lips to the very tip of my penis and gave it a little peck as she had her hands wrapped around the shaft. It twitched in her hand. She giggled and finished by gently washing my balls, rolling them in her hands, and then scrubbing my legs and feet. I rinsed off and got ready to wash Linda, which I knew was not an activity that was going to get rid of my erection.

"You don't have to do that. Brianna always washes me off after she helps me in the generator building. I'm sure she wouldn't mind."

"I'm sure she wouldn't either but I'd like to do it if you don't mind. I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but you're beautiful and rubbing my hands all over you would definitely not be a hardship."

"No, I mean, I'm not objecting. I was just trying to save you the trouble."

"It's no trouble at all."

She covered her eyes while I washed her long, blond hair. I planned to give her the same care that I had seen her give Brianna, so I took my time massaging her scalp. I helped her rinse her hair, and then I lathered up my hands. I scrubbed her shoulders and ran my soapy hands up and down her long, toned arms. I felt the smooth curves of the lean, feminine muscles in her back. I lifted up her arms, watching her full and heavy breasts get pulled up as well. I felt her relax just a bit as I rubbed circles around her breasts that got smaller each time until I was gently massaging her nipples. I could feel abdominal muscles under her soft skin as I scrubbed her torso. She moved her feet apart for me to clean between her buttcheeks and around her pussy. I pulled her lips apart gently just as I had seen Brianna do. I washed in between the folds of her pussy. Finally I ran my hands up and down her long, smooth legs. Linda was a work of art, and I took a moment to admire her as she rinsed off the soap I had left behind.

Brianna took in a sharp breath. "That was exciting to watch. Especially since you had your erection the whole time."

"She's beautiful, so I couldn't really help that."

"Why would you want to? It looks so much cooler hard like that."

Linda had already started drying off, and as Brianna and I were finishing up, she left to go find her bunkmate, Alex, before dinner.

Brianna and I chatted as we walked to the dorm to lay down for a bit before dinner. "I think Linda was nervous while you were washing her,"

"Really? Well, she did try to decline the offer."

"And she loves getting scrubbed. She usually even moans a little. Today she was tense and just kept her eyes shut."

"Hmm."

"I'm sure she just doesn't know you yet. You just might want to talk to her some more. Make her comfortable."

I agreed as we made it to the dorm. The bed was too small for both of us to lay on our backs and spread out, so she lay down on her side, and I spooned her from behind. The feeling of her firm ass against my crotch soon had me hard, and she reached around to move my cock up to rest between us.

"Are you going to miss having this little bed to yourself?" I asked.

"Not at all," she answered. "Honestly, I usually try not to let on that it bothers me, but I've always been a little jealous of the other girls. When I was little, sometimes I would ask Ms. Julie to stay with me. She would always do it, too. So, I'm really glad you're here."

"I'm glad I'm here, too."

"You're not upset to be stuck here?"

"Maybe I would be if I remembered having a life out there, but right now you girls are the only people I know. And if I were somewhere else then you would be the people I would miss."

My hand was on her arm, and she grabbed my hand and pulled my arm over her. We dozed off with my cheek against her shoulder and my dick still hard along her back.
