 It was a soft breezy Saturday when I awoke on the morning of our boat ride. I lived alone on my boat, the S. S. Lily Pad. We had scheduled the trip for 10 in the morning. A quick look at the clock radio told me I still had 3 long hours to prepare. I stretched a bit in bed before I kicked the blanket off and sat up. My jet black hair spilled half way to the small of my back and half covered my breast.

At 28 I have never been ashamed of my body; least of all, my breasts. They hung proud on my chest- a modest size that never got a complaint from my female or male lovers. My nipples were the size of quarters and this morning erect and perky.

I stood up and walked to the bathroom to start my morning shower. Turning on the shower water I noticed in the mirror my reflection. My ebony skin was smooth and unblemished without scars, pimples or tattoos. My cunt was bare with a few stubbles. I'd better shave too. I retrieved my Lady Razor and cream before stepping into the shower.

Forty-three minutes later I turned off the shower and stepped out. Taking a towel off the rack I dried off rubbing my body dry. I looked into the full-length door mirror and turned this way and that- in a word: perfect. I spent the next hour brushing my hair and putting it in a ponytail. I took the bowl of prepared veggies and fruits from the fridge and poured them into the blender. Closing the lid I pressed the button that would blend them together.

For my neighbor's sake I took some thin silk and wrapped it around my waist. I made something like a dress. It only covered just above my waistline and just below my thighs. With this they must be satisfied. I poured my breakfast into a glass and went topside. I gave wave to those walking the pier and to my closest neighbor. A teenage boy gave me a whistle and cheer as he rollerbladed past; I smiled at this as my neighbor frowned. Fuck 'em, I thought as I lay out in the lounge chair on deck and drank my breakfast. It's my body and my ship, I'll dress how I please on it.

The cops had years ago established this when Mrs. James called them on me, so long as I remained on my ship no one can do anything. So this morning I stuck out my tongue at them. I had just put my empty glass down on the deck and closed my eyes when I heard the salutation.

"Sammy; Captain, permission to come aboard," called out the soft voice of my friend and lover Sandra. I responded, as usual, by flipping her and her husband, Daniel, off. It was my custom and they knew what it meant. Didn't need to open my eyes to know he was with her. He always was, like a fucking shadow he was.

They were both white with short cut blonde hair. Sandra had smaller tits than me, but she made up for it in bed. Her soft green eyes looked into my blues after her morning kiss to me. I gave her face a soft caress and she giggled."Changed your contacts today did you." It wasn't a question but a statement.

I sat up a bit and was pleasantly surprised to see she had on the skimpiest bikini and was already, as was our custom, removing her top. Dan came over to my other side, gave both my nipples each a peck before giving me a soft one on the lips. My nipples perked up immediately and I caressed his short braided hair. He was ever topless with khaki shorts on. His saving grace that influenced me in not talking Sandra to toss him overboard was he had a dick to die for and, best, he knew how to use it.

I remember in that kiss the time we first met Daniel. He and Sandra hooked up at a nightclub called Hell's Half Acre. It was a new rocking club that had no quirks about its customers having sex pretty much in the open. He had brought Sandra a rum and coke and they started talking. I was up in the dance cage acting a fool when I noticed they got down and dirty with some serious 69. Well. She brought him home and a few weeks later they were married. Our first 3-some was a blast I'll tell you that. 

Sandra was already going over the checklist as Dan pulled away from our embrace.

"Found a good sized isle on the net, a few hours out." Dan said as he sat next to me. "Some satellite website that has live images." 

I closed my eyes and lay back with a sigh, his hand lightly caressing my pussy; my clit already sensitive. "What's so special about this new one than the one we had plotted?" It was a reasonable question though the answer surprised me.

"It's not on our maps." said Sandra from the top deck.

Immediately I sat up and caught the tube she tossed down at me. I unraveled the color printings and the images of the isle. Comparing the maps took only a moment. Indeed the bearing of the isle was not in the official maps.

My attention on the maps ruined the nicest effort Dan was trying. I stood up and he rose to pull the line in. "Ready to ship off Captain Sammy!" called Sandra.

And that was all I needed, in the cabin I pushed the start button. Gently but not too slowly I pulled the Lily Pad out of the docks, and into the harbor. Once cleared of the other ships I entered the longitude and the latitude of the isle. The S.S. Lily Pad launched into gear and went out into the gulf. The computer instantly warned me that my course would take me out of US waters and into International waters.

I ignored it and laid out the color photos of the island. From the sounds coming from the deck it was clear there was some serious fucking going on. I looked out to see Dan fucking Sandra from behind slapping her ass. In due time I'd have my time, let them have their fun. I returned to the maps for an unregistered amount of time. I knew the sex hadstopped due to the fact I felt Dan kissing my ear. I closed my eyes and leaned my head over just so to allow his kiss.

The double horn blast that sounded caused me to curse aloud as I was enjoying myself; Dan's hands roaming over my pussy. I spared a glance out the window to see a U.S. Coast Guard Gunship just a few yards away. I went outside and raised my hand to them as they neared. "Captain Samantha White, of the S.S. Lily Pad. Hail!" Pretty much my standard greeting as the bumpers of the Gunship tapped the side of my ship and hooked on.

"Passports, license, Registration and insurance, Ms. White. Do you know you and your party know you are about to leave US waters?" asked a grey haired man.

I gave him the documents needed as I glanced not a football field away the buoys marking U.S. Waters. "Aye." I stated simply the man had on foot on the railing of the Lily Pad the other firmly on the Gunship. He handed the documents to a younger woman.

"Permission to come aboard, Ms. White." he said but before I could answer they stepped over and one of them handed me a generic document. Useless to argue or say no anyway, I stepped out of the way.

"Under the US Patriot Act we reserve the right to search your ship, for contraband and illegal aliens." said the man as his crew looked over the Lily Pad.

I didn't need to read the papers. Same dribble they just said. Naturally the documents were in order. Some snot nosed brat of a sailor came up with my stash of weed, all 2 joints of it.

I smirked at them and held out my hand to Sandra who was already handing me my prescription. This I handed to the Gunship's captain. He read this and handed me back the lot of documents.

"Everything is in order. Have a safe voyage Ms. White." he said as they climbed back onto the gunship, unhooked and left.

"Fucking Pigs." I stated as the 3 of us mooned them; the Lily Pad headed safely into International Waters and truest freedom.

Dan poked his head up from down below deck sometime later with a book in hand. Sandra and me were wrapped into the blissful aftereffects of a wonderful 69.

"Knew I heard something going on up here. Capt' been reading." he stated as I chuckled.

"Now that's a miracle. When did you teach him that trick, dove?"

Sandra giggled as he patiently tapped his foot. "Ha ha. Very funny." He called back and came topside. We three were completely nude now and he did look damned hot. His cock was a full 10 inches, very thick and cut. That was, as I said, his saving grace and god did he know how to use that big fucker.

"You know if that island isn't occupied we can claim it. Judging from the photos the island don't have any docks to it." He smirked and slapped my bareass. My pussy still nestled over Sandra's mouth. I blinked at both the information and the spanking giving my ass a wiggle. He planted a few soft kisses on it, fingers sliding into my pussy ever slowly.

His wonderful fingers gave three or four slow pumps into me before the winds started to pick up. I moaned with both pleasure and annoyance as a man's voice cleared over the radio announcing severe weather for the gulf.

I looked up at the view of the radar and indeed it showed one hell of a storm blowing in. With a sigh we untangled and secured everything below deck. I made sure the Lily Pad was on course before going below deck with the others and locking down.

We settled down on my bed, this time I was on bottom with my legs spread wide. Sandra climbed on top to mount in for another 69. Our stud muffin got a few quick sucks from Sandra over his big cock before he slid it into my ever wet, dripping cunt. I let out a deep moan as his cock filled me. God it had been ages since he'd fucked me and that was exactly what I needed- a good fucking. I started in earnest on licking, chewing and sucking Sandra's clit and pussy lips as Dan pushed all the way into me then slowly withdrew out. Sandra returned the favor to me on every in stroke Dan gave me and licked his cock on every out stroke. 

It only took a few minutes of this before he settled into a nice good hard fucking. Our three moans filled the room damn near drowning out the storm outside. Soon the Lily Pad was rocking from the storm or maybe from our sex. I came at least 4 times before Dan thrust deep into me with a moan and came hard. His thick rich cum filled me up just as Sandra squirted all over my face. I licked her clean while she did the same for me and Dan. God but he knew how to do that. 

They lay between my legs lightly licking and sucking on me for what seemed like hours. I knew the storm ended. We untangled again and climbed back topside. The deck was wet with water, but that's to be expected. I smiled and pointed due East of us. The isle we had set off for. I didn't even have to check the photos.

In another 20 minutes we would be there. I looked for a likely spot for us to dry-dock at when the whole of the Lily Pad lurched with the force of an impact. We rushed to the sides to look overboard, noting something like sharks in the water.

"Must have brushed to close to us." I said just as the ship jolted again. This time from the front the whole rear of the Lily Pad lifted up and out of the water.

Sandra latched onto the railing for dear life as me and Dan went skyward. My quick reflexes saved me as I grabbed the upper deck railing. The jolt of force as I grabbed hold mademe cry out in pain. My shoulder most certainly was pulled out of socket by that one.

Dan landed in the water somewhere as I heard the splash. Whatever we hit, or whatever hit us, was fucking huge, as the Lily Pad was completely vertical. In but an instant I felt gravity working on us as the ship leaned star port and crashed into the water.

My grip was broken as I heard wood splintering and glass breaking. Water rushed over me as I fought to stay above water. Sandra or maybe Dan grabbed my ankle perhaps to try to pull me to safety. Whoever it was was pulling me down though. I remember kicking but to no avail as darkness surrounded me. **** I had no idea how much time passed but it was dark when I awoke on the beach. The full moon was up, I sat up and looked around. Sandra lay face down about 5 yards away in the sand. Several hundred pieces of broken wood littered the area between us. Dan lay on some rocks not farther from us. Blood was on his head and face.

Fear for my lovers gripped me at the sight of the blood and I was up like a bolt. I dashed over, taking 20 or so steps before some bee or other insect stung me. Human reflex is quicker than the mind as I pulled out the stinger.

My vision suddenly blurred as I stared at the stinger... dart, odd looking... never had such a sting effect me so. I hit the sand. My last conscious act was seeing some white guy walking to me. **** "...damage to the frontal lobe of the brain... left leg fractured..." the voice was male and was American, though for my life I did not know what he was speaking about. My whole body hurt, even my eyelids as I opened them.

I had to blink several times at the bright lights. Long tubes of light above me. I was dry but laying on something chilled, like metal. I was nude too, all this I could tell in a moment. The room was silent now and I turned my head to look left.

Sandra lay three feet away or so on an odd metal table. She was nude as well with a band aid over her right eye. Odd. Then my mind clicked. We were in a hospital. Indeed beyond her I saw a door, through the small window a hallway.

I was jolted out of my view bythe sound of what might be a saw. I turned my head to the right in time to see a terrible spinning blade being lowered by some white doctor type dude onto Dan's bare chest. He too was nude, his eyes closed. His left leg was clearly broken, but most of all the whole left side of his face was ruined.

I must have screamed awful loud turning my head to look up again, for the saw was turned off. I know I was crying, could hear it and feel the tears streaking down my cheeks.

"Subject Jane Doe #2 regained consciousness 14:38- subject hysterical." The man spoke I assumed to a mic somewhere in the room. The feel of a latex gloved hand caressed my forehead almost soothing in a way.

"Can you tell me your name?" he asked. It was a reasonable question; more importantly it was simple.

I nodded my head as best I could, sniffing back tears. "Samantha White, Corpus Christi, Texas; U.S.A."

He shined one of those pen lights into each eye and spoke again. "Subject; S. White Coherent, positive light reaction both eyes." He paused speaking only a moment.

"Miss White your ship crashed into a reef off the coast of this isle. I'm afraid it was destroyed in the crash. You have been unconscious 2 days. Your right shoulder was dislocated and you have several lacerations along your back. These I was able to repair easily enough."

He stopped to let me digest this new information. Two days? That was unreal. 

"My friends; Sandra and Daniel? How are they?" This I had to know. He paused before speaking in that soothing voice.

"Your female friend, Sandra, is in a coma. She hit her head on something. Her vital signs are good. Only time will help. Your male friend, Daniel, was killed in the crash. He struck his head on the reef and was killed instantly."

And again the tears flowed. The man whom I assumed to be a doctor caressed my face. I closed my eyes crying softly, a brief pinch of the skin. I opened my eyes to see the Doctor injecting me with something. A moment later... darkness.