 I woke up alone on the bed. The morning light was streaming into the dormitory, and it looked like most of the girls were awake. I didn't see Brianna anywhere. I really needed to pee. I got up and walked in to the restroom.

Of the dozen toilets, half were occupied at the moment. I walked to the end of one of the rows next to a tall girl chatting with her neighbor while they both sat on their toilets. They both stopped to watch me as I lifted the seat and stood in front of the bowl. I was pretty sure I hadn't been introduced to them yet but I was also trying to ignore them so I could concentrate. That was not going to be possible, though.

"What are you doing?!" The tall girl asked.

"I'm trying to pee."

Her neighbor looked shocked. "It's going to get everywhere! Sit down!"

"No, it's fine. I can aim."

"Just sit down!" The tall girl affirmed. She reached over and pushed the seat down just as I got a stream started. Luckily, it was the kind of seat that has a horseshoe shape, so it didn't interrupt the stream and get my pee everywhere. I was annoyed, though.

"I know what I'm doing, okay! Just let me do my business!"

By now everyone in the restroom was paying attention to me. The two girls next to me thought my annoyance was hilarious. They laughed and commented to each other that I could aim pretty well. The tall girl even pointed her finger very close to my penis. "See how it comes out of the tip like that? I guess that's how the stream is so focused."

I finished and wiped off the seat with a piece of toilet paper as I turned to the girls.

"Well good morning to you, too."

I was going to need to get used to the idea of being prodded and examined if I was going to be the display model for a sexual anatomy class, but I briefly hoped that those two girls weren't in today's class, so that I could get used to the idea without being reminded of this morning's annoyance. I washed my hands and walked back out to the dormitory. Brianna was by the bed. "There you are! Let's go take a shower!"

I felt myself calm as soon as I saw her. She took my hand and led me to the door. We walked in to the shower and I grabbed a loofah and soap while Brianna turned on the water. She stepped in and I started to wash her hair.

"No soap on my hair today, please. I just washed it yesterday and it hasn't gotten dirty."

"Oh, sorry. I forgot girls don't wash their hair everyday."

"And men do? Good to know."

I started running my soapy hands over her shoulders, massaging her since I knew she liked that. Her light brown skin was soft and smooth, and again I could feel that her muscles were much more toned than they looked. I ran my hands down her arms, soaping them, and then slowly worked my way back up, squeezing all the way—working her muscles with my hands. I scrubbed under her arms as she lifted them to give me access. I soaped her sides, feeling her soft curves. I spent extra time on her full, heavy breasts. I started by soaping around them in slow, large circles. I worked my way inward, first with her left, squeezing and massaging her round globes. She let out a sigh, which I took as a good sign. I lifted her left breast in one hand while I soaped up her nipple and areola with the other as softly and lightly as I could manage. She let out a tiny moan as I put one more dollop of lather on her nipple. Then I finally moved to the right breast, giving it the same treatment. I wanted to go wash both of them again, but I eventually moved down her torso, leaving a trail of soap down her tummy. Before washing her pussy, I moved around behind her and kneaded her bountiful ass cheeks with my soapy hands, spreading them to make sure her asshole and taint were lathered, and spending some time on her taut upper thighs. Then I moved around in front and slowly cleaned her pussy. I gently pulled apart her lips to clean in between them, rubbing them a few extra times. Then I stood up to whisper in her ear. Her always bubbly voice had a touch of huskiness in it when she answered.

"Do you want me to give you an orgasm?"

"I don't know what that is, but sure."

"I'm going to massage you around your vagina and clitoris. It will feel really good. Trust me, okay?"

"It sounds great. I loved what you were doing around there already, so yes, please."

I knelt down and started making slow circles with my thumb, with her love button in the center. She hummed softly to herself. My circles got tighter. I put a finger at her entrance with slight pressure. She had a bit of wetness, and with a little pressure my finger slid inside her, eliciting a gasp. Most of the girls had showered already, but we weren't totally alone in the shower. There were three pairs of girls in there with us, and they all stopped what they were doing to watch us. My thumb got closer to her clit, and I barely increased the pressure I was putting on it. I got a second finger inside her, and curled them both up, putting pressure on her g spot. Finally I put my thumb directly on her clit and worked it back and forth. At this point she was moaning. No one in the room was doing any showering. Brianna grabbed my head and used it to hold herself up. I had one hand on her ass to help hold her steady and the other was rubbing her clit and pumping her pussy faster and faster until she came. She used my shoulders for support as she sat down in the floor of the shower.

"So this is why you all were so late to breakfast."

Ms. Julie had walked in behind us, and she smiled as the six girls with us said "Sorry, Ms. Julie." They quickly rinsed off and left.

Ms. Julie sat down next to Brianna and put her hand on her back, reassuringly. "How do you feel, dear?"

Brianna was breathing heavily. "I've never felt anything like that before! I don't even know how to describe it."

"That's okay, Brianna. Take your time."

I apologized for delaying us, but Ms. Julie shrugged it off. "In the future, if you want to do that you should probably get up earlier, but today you're both helping me set up the classroom and it's not going to take us quite all morning. I would say we've got time to return the favor to you, but I want you nice and ready for our class so I think we should wait on that. In fact, if you could avoid orgasms in the mornings for a few days, I think that would be better. I don't want to run the risk of it being difficult to show the girls a male orgasm."

I smiled at the thought. "On this island I don't think it would be a problem, but I'll restrain myself just in case."

"Thank you. Now, Brianna, are you sufficiently recovered or should I start getting him clean for the day?"

Brianna was catching her breath. "If you could start, Ms. Julie, I'll help you in a minute."

"My pleasure."

Ms. Julie stood up and scrubbed me down. By the time she got below my waist Brianna was up, and the two lovely women were running soapy hands along my dick for far too short a time. Ms. Julie could tell I wanted more, and she gave me a quick peck on the head of my dick and winked. They finished cleaning me up and we turned off the shower and left.

After grabbing a bite of fruit from the cafeteria Ms. Julie walked us both up to the classroom. It was a bit dusty and cluttered, but not bad. It must have been far below their standards, though, because Ms. Julie apologized.

"Sorry it's such a mess in here." She gave my penis a short squeeze. "It's been a few years since we had any... new material. Okay, so first let's dust everything and then we'll organize the stuff in boxes."

We all three grabbed some rags and began wiping down the tables and shelves. I enjoyed seeing the women's breasts wobble back and forth as they leaned over to wipe with their cloths. The contrast was interesting as well, with Ms. Julie's little jiggles next to Brianna's looping sways. I thought I had been caught when I saw Brianna looking at me with a smirk. She blinked and reddened.

"Sorry, I just hadn't seen your penis swinging back and forth like that before."

"Hahaha! That's okay! I was staring at your boobs, too." I definitely was not jaded by the thought that my body was interesting and arousing to all these women. I may not have remembered my life back on the mainland, but I was sure this kind of openness was rare.

Cleaning the floor was a lot of fun too, looking at Brianna and Ms. Julie's pussies from behind as they were on their hands and knees. Soon the floor and tables were spotless, and we began organizing the boxes on the shelves, which were mostly filled with reading materials and papers from the girls' schooling. Ms. Julie told me about all the things they had covered, and Brianna would occasionally pull out an art or writing assignment by one of them to show me. It was obvious that these memories were very happy ones for them. The curriculum had been very similar to mine, except for the gap missing from the time of the shipwreck until now. I was impressed. We talked for over an hour about the past, and then Ms. Julie said there was something else she wanted to get done before lunch.

"We're kind of making this up as we go, so I'd like to try some different poses for you to see the best way to demonstrate your genitals, okay? So first, I think this one would be the most fun if it works. Can you lie down on this table with your butt barely on the edge here?"

The tables in the room were meant to seat two students side by side, with a hard black tabletop surface on top. There were about a dozen in the room, but I knew that the class sizes would be much smaller than that. I set on one end of the table and lay back.

"Okay, great, now how comfortable is that for your butt? Are you dying?"

"It's a little uncomfortable, but so far I can handle it."

"Yes! Okay, Brianna, could you pull up a chair and sit next to us here?" As she said this Ms. Julie straddled me just above my crotch, and used her hands to pull my legs apart. "Just spread your legs as much as is comfortable."

I moved my legs apart, and she lifted my shaft. "Brianna, can you see his testicles pretty well? How about if I left them, like this? Good. Okay, now how easily can you let yourself get soft? I want to show them the erection process, from flaccid to erect."

"That might be tough with you sitting there, but I'll try."

After a few minutes, my dick began to wilt.

"Are you still comfortable down there?"

"I think it might depend on how long this goes on. The corner is cutting into my circulation a bit, but I still feel good so far."

"Wonderful! Let's reorganize these tables. Help me put this one in front and then scoot the rest back."

We put one table in the front, and made room near it for chairs. Then we left to take a shower. Linda was finishing up her shower when we got in, and we told her we had the classroom ready.

"Are you in today's class?" Brianna asked.

"No, I think I'm in tomorrow."

"Oh, bummer! Well, I might have to spoil some of it a little early, then, and tell you what we learn."

"Okay." My pride was a bit hurt at Linda's lack of enthusiasm, but I reminded myself that she had probably had a demanding day.

I enjoyed the women washing the dust off my body, and getting to run my hands over Ms. Julie's pale, soft skin as we cleaned each other. She shaved my crotch bald in preparation for the class. We finished too soon for my tastes, but I knew this afternoon would be an interesting one so I didn't mind too much.

We ate lunch quickly, and the three of us rushed back up to the classroom to be there waiting for the other girls. The first student to walk in was the tall girl from this morning who almost made me pee all over the place. 

Ms. Julie called out to her as she entered. "Charlie, come pull a chair over here. We're going to try to cluster as close as we can to this table here." 

I hadn't been able to tell when she was on the toilet, but Charlie was taller than I am by a couple of inches—not that I know exactly how tall I am, but I think I'm moderately tall? Maybe? Anyway, she had long, blond hair and blue eyes. Her legs were long and slender, and her medium-sized breasts were topped with small areola but pointed nipples that stood out half an inch or more. She looked like she could be Linda's sister except that where Linda was athletic Charlie was graceful but angular in a slightly severe way. I did find myself wanting to taste her nipples, though. She gave me a wicked grin when she sat down.

The other girls trickled in. There was Jeanette, who I had met before: a smaller girl with tanned skin and curly brown hair. Her very small breasts were topped with tiny nipples. Next came Gina, whose large breasts swayed and wide hips rocked back and forth as she walked. Ramona was short but very fit and muscular. Her short ponytail sat straight on top of her head. The last girl was Linda's bedmate Alex.

"Alright, let's get started. In this class, we will study the male anatomy in detail as well as the sexual functions of human anatomy in both genders. Now, you've already studied human anatomy in detail without this specific focus on males and sexual functions, so we should be able to gloss over all the basic concepts. Let's start with the differences between males and females."

She walked over to me and began pointing at parts of my body, while I stood at the front of the class.

"We'll come back to the genitals later. First, notice the difference in chest shape. Males lack mammary glands, and barring uncharacteristic hormone levels they do not develop breast tissue. Now, there are also a group of traits that generally differ in males and females but are not understood to be universally distinct. For example, males generally have wider shoulders and narrower hips than females, but this is not always the case. They also generally have more testosterone, resulting in more body hair and a greater ease in developing muscle mass. They also tend to be taller, although again you can see that's not always the case."

Charlie smiled at that.

"Now, on to the fun stuff." She pointed to me. "Would you please get into position on the table?"

I sat at the edge of the table and lay back. Ms. Julie straddled me facing the girls. She lifted my dick gently and gestured to it with her other hand. "This organ here is the penis. Before we get too far I want to show you the process of an erection. Currently, he is semi-erect, so let's give him a few minutes to relax." I closed my eyes and tried to clear my head. After a minute or two, Ms. Julie resumed her lecture. "When a man is aroused, usually by sexual thoughts or images, muscles relax and contract in the penis to increase blood flow in and decrease blood flow out. You'll see that since we started the penis is now smaller and more limp." She reached back and grabbed my right hand, pulling it around her and placing my palm on her right breast. "Crowd in, girls, as he becomes aroused watch as the penis stiffens and grows."

Ms. Julie was clearly a prophet, as my dick quickly hardened. "You'll see that the blood vessels are now more pronounced." She placed her fingers on the underside of the shaft. "This structure here on the end is the head of the penis. Usually there is a large flap of skin that folds over the head, but he's been through a common surgery known as circumcision that removes that extra skin. The head is the most sensitive part of the penis, which is already a very sensitive organ." She began running her nails around the head of my cock. "This right here probably feels really good to him right now. Now, this hole is his urethra, which expels urine, as well as semen."

Gina raised her hand. I wished I could see their faces to see how they were reacting to Ms. Julie dumping all this information on them.

"Yes?"

"What's semen?"

"Semen is a fluid created here," Ms. Julie lifted my penis with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. "in the testicles which are inside this sack of skin known as the scrotum. It's external to help regulate temperature, and it's also extremely sensitive. Come on up and feel for the testicles. Be gentle—they're sensitive."

I felt several hands squeeze my balls, looking for my testicles. One of them squeezed a little hard, and I flinched.

"Gently, Charlie!"

"Yes, Ms. Julie."

"When he's aroused, the testicles begin producing semen. As his arousal increases, he eventually goes through what's called an orgasm. In men, this means that semen shoots out of the urethra in spurts, and the penis loses its erection. In men and women, orgasms are extremely pleasurable."

I heard some sounds of interest come from the girls. I felt Ms. Julie begin stroking my cock. "Physically stimulating the penis is how to move him to orgasm. Brianna, would you get a cloth?"

She looked back at me. "Please tell me when you're close."

She had her knuckle under the head of my penis as she pumped up and down the shaft. Her soft fingers squeezed tightly. I could feel the blood leaving my legs as I watched her begin rocking back and forth. "Girls, you may want to make sure you're not directly in front of the urethra unless you want to have a mess to clean up on yourselves."

The girls moved to the sides. I began to feel the orgasm coming. "I'm close." Ms. Julie gave me a few more hard pumps, and then she moved her fingers to the base of my dick and gave it a gentle squeeze while lifting it at an angle. My first spurt elicited a gasp from the girls. After a few more, I was spent—rocked by an orgasm strengthened by a day of stimulation with no release.

Ms. Julie climbed off me and took the cloth from Brianna to wipe her hands. There was the floor and one of the tables to clean but apparently that could wait. "That, girls, was an orgasm. And the fluid produced is called semen."

"Okay, next, I'm sorry we didn't do this earlier, but I think we need to put some of the other tables together in the back. If you could all help move them let's have three pairs together and out the rest against the wall, please?"

The girls moved the tables and then turned their chairs around to face them. "Would one of you like to volunteer to be our test subject for the next demonstration?" All six girls raised their hands. "You'll all have your turn, so let's start with Alex up here on the closest pair of tables."

Alex sat on the edge of the tables. "No, dear, you'll need to lean back and open your legs up." Alex did just that, showing all of us her shaved pussy, with it's pink interior and slightly dark lips. Her clit was very small, and it was hiding completely under its hood. "You've all gone over female anatomy, so we'll skip most of that. We only skipped the sexual functions. Who can find the clitoris on Alex, here?" Ramona and Charlie's hands shot up. "Charlie?"

The girls had all closed in on the table, and Charlie reached in and pulled back Alex's hood with one hand. Alex moaned softly.

"How does that feel, Alex?" asked Ms. Julie.

"Better than anything I've ever felt, Ms. Julie."

"I believe that's because you're aroused. We all probably are after watching the first part of the class. Thank you, Charlie, that's enough. The clitoris is even more sensitive than the penis, and its purpose is for sexual pleasure. As a female becomes more aroused, blood flows into the crotch area just like in a male, but without any kind of erection. It does warm up the area and make it more sensitive. Stimulating the clitoris and other parts of the vulva can lead to an orgasm."

She walked around to the other side of Alex and looked me in the eye. "Would you use your fingers to bring her to orgasm, please?"

"Of course."

I looked at Alex and she seemed a bit nervous but she nodded her head. I decided to narrate what I was doing a bit to help her understand what I was planning to do to her.

"I think it will help if she's relaxed, so I'm going to start by giving her inner thighs a bit of a massage here." I squeezed and rubbed her legs for a minute or so and I felt her thighs relax a bit. "I'm not going to start by rubbing her clit—I'm going to warm her up for it by getting closer bit by bit." I brushed her outer lips with my thumbs as I massaged the edges of her pelvis. "Her nipples and breasts are also very sensitive when aroused, and so playing with them can help get her ready as well. I'm going to kiss them lightly." I leaned down to her puffy nipples and gave one of them a light peck. I felt her squirm under my lips. I rubbed my thumbs up and down the sides of her pussy. "I'm going to kiss a little harder now." I pressed my lips onto her nipple and flicked my tongue back and forth. I heard her breathe in sharply. I had to latch on to keep her from wiggling away from me. After a minute or so I straightened up and turned back toward the other girls. "Now I'm going to start making circles around her clit with my fingers." I did just that, and slowly moved them in. By the time I was almost to her nub she was moaning. "Before she gets too close I'm going to show you one other thing. I'm going to put two fingers inside her and there's a spot just behind the clitoris that is very sensitive. I think she's going to like this."
