 "Mere! Come here!" Venus yelled. Venus is my boss. My beautiful, glamorous boss. I still couldn't comprehend that I came to Hollywood to work at a talent agency or a management company, but since that didn't pan out, I somehow ended up working for the country's most well-known it-girl, social media personality, and "business" woman. Life is funny. It really is. I was always at her side. There to help document her fabulous life. There to comfort her in her times of "need", and there to help prepare her for whatever exclusive event she was headed to next. 

Venus' sing-song voice echoed from the dressing room, luring me in. I creaked open the door. Venus had a black bandage dress tangled around her tanned body, her arms in the air. She had discarded her undergarments on the floor.

"Help me get out of this!" She cried. I walked up to her.

"Hold still." I ordered.

Venus stiffened her arms, I moved in front of her, my face level with her perky breasts. I freed her of her fabric prison. Her face was flustered from the struggle. 

"Whew!" She exhaled. "Definitely not that one."

She tossed it to the side. She smoothed out her hair, then patted her flat stomach, and eyed herself in the mirror. I didn't understand why she was so self-conscious. She made me look like a troll. I was average-looking. I was short. I had wild dark curly hair. While I wasn't the normal person's idea of fat, I was a whale next to Venus. I was curvy. She was tall, athletic, and had long, ruby red hair- that came from the best colorist in Beverly Hills.

"Hand me that one over there..." She said, still examining herself. 

I handed her a floor-length red gown with a plunging neckline and a thigh-high slit. I helped her step into it. This dress was too loose. Venus admired herself, then whirled around, and her nipple poked out.

"Oh no. Not this one. It's too big. I do like it though." 

She pouted her lips. Then her face lit up. She looked me up and down with her big hazel eyes.

"I think this will fit you." 

I really didn't want to try it, but Venus's pleading face was hard to resist. 

"Fine." I sighed. "Where will I wear this anyway?"

"I didn't tell you? Indra is having her big annual birthday bash! You're coming with me- right?"

Oh. Venus may have mentioned the affair. Or maybe she didn't. She had a habit of forgetting to tell me about engagements. Indra is one of the biggest pop star's in the world. She always throws the craziest parties at her various mansions. Anyone who is anyone is invited. I wasn't anyone, but Venus sure was. And as long as I was with Venus, I was sort of a someone. 

Venus sat down on the bench in the dressing room, and watched me undress. I felt so conscious in front of her. Her eyes skimmed my body up and down, her face resting on her perfectly manicured hand. I didn't know what she was thinking. She then stood up to help me into the slinky dress. When the dress was on, I looked at myself. Venus smoothed the fabric. She smoothed the ripples over my breasts, then pulled the hem down, the opening of the slit barely skimming my pelvic bone. 

"Very fuckable." She said. "You should wear that."

I shrugged in hesitation. I looked at myself. I normally didn't wear anything provocative. The dress left nothing to the imagination. Where Venus had room, I filled out- perhaps a little too well.

"No really! You're hot when you put effort into yourself. You can't show up to Indra's party looking like you normally do. I want you to get laid."

"Um thanks?" I said. 

I browsed at the price tag on the dress. My mouth dropped. 

"It's on me." said Venus. "Count it as a business expense."

***

Venus and I were sitting in the back of a tinted black SUV, heading to a secluded location out in Palm Springs. We both were dressed to impress, Venus in a flower embroidered, see-through gown- the flowers conveniently covering her private parts. Her hair was pinned onto to the top of her head to take away any distraction from her ostentatious dress. I was wearing the gown she had bought for me. Venus' glam squad had fixed us up for the occasion. My hair was hard to tame, but the glam squad was able to get it silky straight to the point it fell like a waterfall. Venus's makeup maestro gave me a bold red pout, and smokey eyes. I felt like a creature was growing out of my eyelids. I had turned from a frumpy sidekick into a smoldering temptress over the course of 3 hours. I kept straightening my dress and pulled it down constantly. 

"Guess who I heard is going to be at the party?" purred Venus as she scrolled through her Instagram feed.

"Your bae." She teased.

"My bae?" I asked.

"Yes, Keaton James is gonna be there! I can introduce you!"

Keaton James was an actor I had been obsessed with since I was 15. He was probably the main reason I went through puberty. I spent many nights fantasizing about him. So many nights. Ah, because of him I started thinking about sex in the first place. He had a larger than life smile, and he had this charm that drove me wild. He was confident, and unashamed of his passion for film and life. I was dying to meet him, but he had a fiance. I didn't want to be disrespectful and drool over him while she was there.  

"But isn't his fiance coming too?"

"Marlee? Of course! You'll like her. She is fun." Venus laughed. 

Apparently she knew more about her than I did.

Keaton and Marlee were one of those chill low key couples- from what I'd heard. They were pretty private and put a lot of focus on their careers. No one even knew they were together for the longest time. Then one day, the engagement announcement came out of the blue. Just recently they had begun starring in projects together.

As I collected my thoughts, our chariot took us deep into the hills, to a modernist retreat. The house was a giant white cluster of boxes, hidden by palm trees and protected by a combination of concrete walls, and shrubs. I could hear the cacophony of drunken partygoers and rap music echoing from the walls. Venus and I exited the SUV, and made our way to the door. Venus didn't wait for anyone to answer, she welcomed herself in. 

Everywhere I turned there were familiar faces- athletes, actors, musicians, and some (what I assumed to be) "aspiring" actresses. All were partying and having a hell of a time. People were swarming everywhere, many half dressed. The music was rattling, and bodies were grinding against each other. Almost everyone smiled and waved at Venus as we made our way through the crowds. 

"Aye Venus!" The men would yell. Some of the women gave her dirty looks. 

I felt so out of place. Venus of course knew everyone. Being the goddess she was, she politely introduced me. I would smile and awkwardly wave. Everyone was super friendly- the guys especially. They would give me the once over, some biting their lip at me and nodding in approval. 

"Oh. You're getting some attention Mere. You look so sexy tonight." Venus praised.

Maybe they were so nice because they were under the influence of various substances. I could smell alcohol in the air. I could smell the finest, and dankest weed I had ever smelled. I felt I would get high just from the smell alone. And I could see a few people hunched over a table, their heads down, a chorus of sniffles. 

Venus looked around for Indra. She was nowhere to be found. There were so many people at the party, I didn't think we would find her. After a while, Venus gave up. 

Venus grabbed my hand and lead me upstairs. She took me to this secluded room in the corner of the hall. I heard a familiar laugh echo from the walls. My stomach lurched. Venus clenched my hand. She gave me a mischievous smile and lead me into the room. Once we entered the room, Venus yelled and did her pageant wave and hollered. A small brunette pixie stood up and clapped her hands. 

"Venus!" 

Venus let go of my hand and hugged the brunette, then kissed each of her rosy cheeks. I recognized her immediately. It was Marlee, Keaton's fiance. She was pint-sized and looked as innocent and wholesome as she did in all her movies. On the floor, there was a circle of famous people, many of which I had admired. They all screamed their greetings at Venus and I.

I peered over at the couch and saw him. Keaton. He was smiling that smile I had loved all those years. Venus grabbed my hand again and squeezed it. 

"This is my assistant Meredith."

She let go of my hand, and nudged me with her shoulder.

Marlee smiled at me and embraced me tightly. She kissed my cheek, and as I turned to let her kiss the other side, my lips accidentally pecked hers. I recoiled in shame.

"I. AM. SO SORRY." 

"Don't be. We're all friendly here." She winked at me.

She put her cold hand on the small of my back.

"Well, it's very nice to meet you Meredith! 

Don't be shy! Come have fun with us!"

"She's a big fan of Keaton's..." Venus said obnoxiously. 

Embarrassed, I replied..."I like you too Marlee!"

She laughed. "Do you now?"

I did. I almost liked her as much as Keaton. Surprisingly, I had never been jealous of her. I thought she was cool. 

"Of course. What's not to like?" I said. 

Marlee tossed her hair in agreement. 

Marlee and Venus lead me over to Keaton. He was chilling on the couch, his legs crossed. The light highlighted his sharp jawline and his soulful brown eyes. He was dressed in his uniform, tight dark wash jeans, boots, and a leather jacket that covered a body-skimming white t-shirt. For some reason, Keaton never wore undershirts. I could see the outline of his trim abs and pecks. 

His eyes scanned my body as if he had X-ray vision. Keaton flashed his famous crinkly, wide smile. I was blushing all over.

"So you're a fan?"

"Yeah..." I squeaked. 

I looked away nervously. Marlee and Venus left me alone with Keaton so they could catch up. His eyes were boring into me. He seemed genuine- like he actually cared what I had to say. 

"What's your favorite movie of mine?" 

I inhaled deeply and then I told him. It wasn't one of his better movies, but it had a lot of sentimental value to me because of what I was going through at the time. I loved how his head tilted while he was listening to me. He made me feel as if I was the only person in the room. He would nod and smile. He would brush my arm, and place his hand there while we were conversing. I was a bit of a shy person, but Keaton transformed me into an open book. He seemed very interested in my life, and asked me so many questions. I asked him some too. 

I decided to tell him about my foray into Hollywood. I wanted to be a Development Executive- someone who finds great properties- such as scripts, and books to turn into film. I had tried and tried for ages to get a "serious" job at a talent agency, management company, or a studio, but I had no luck. With my money running out, and nowhere else to turn, I joined a special Beverly Hills staffing agency- and there I was recommended to Venus as an assistant. It wasn't what I wanted to do, but I thought I would give it a try. Venus knew tons of people, so I thought working with her would help me out in the long run.

"Wow, it's so nice to meet someone like you. You're awesome." Keaton said. "You have a boyfriend?" He asked. 

I blushed. "No."

"Ah too bad. You're very engaging- and you're very beautiful too." 

I didn't realize his hand was subtly resting on my exposed thigh. Once I noticed, his eyes met mine, and he smirked. He looked ahead and grinned even wider. I looked in the same direction. Marlee was watching us. She raised her glass to us and blew a kiss. 

*** 

The clique of celebrities and I sat around in a circle, Venus entered the room with a tray of shot glasses. Some of the guys started cheering.

"Let's play a game...Russian Roulette! One of these bad boys is filled with vodka! Who ever gets it has to do a dare!"

Venus smiled wickedly.

"Let's get started!"

Venus placed the tray down. We all huddled around the shot glasses. Venus counted backwards from three and we all grabbed a random glass. We all took a shot. On the first couple of rounds, I just had water. As the game progressed, Venus added more shots of vodka. The dares were pretty risque. One of Venus' dares involved her giving a blow job in front of everyone. Her "victim" was one of Keaton's actor friends. Venus unzipped his pants, and playfully put her hand in front of her mouth when his dick was revealed. 

"What have we here?" She teased, grabbing him tightly. 

I put my hand over my chest in awe. I was so nervous. I hadn't had a dare yet, and there was no telling what this crowd was going to make me do. 

A later round occurred, and in a drunken stupor, Venus counted back from three again. I selected a glass. 

I tilted my head back. I felt my throat sting. My face twisted up and I gagged a bit. 

"You're it!" said Marlee, who was sitting next to me. "I'll dare you!"

"Be easy on her! She's a newb." said Venus. 

I didn't know what Marlee was going to come up with. She put her finger on her chin and smacked her teeth. 

"I dare you to kiss Keaton." 

I gasped. I couldn't believe she was actually encouraging me to make out with her fiance! The pair exchanged flirty glances. I moved up to him. He was smirking- big time. 

"Give him a real kiss!" Someone yelled. 

I moved my face up to his. He sat up, and put his hand on my waist. I heard some whoops. My lips met his. Maybe it was the vodka, maybe it was all the encouragement. I grew bold. I ran my fingers through his sandy blond hair and kissed him hard. He parted his plush lips, inviting me in. His mouth had a faint taste of vodka and mint. My heart was racing so fast, I thought I would drop dead at any second. His hand gripped tighter around my waist. He withdrew his face from mine for a moment, but I couldn't let him go. Our eyes met. His eyes were dark and sultry- and full of desire. I pulled him back in, my fingers clenching his shirt. His hand was squeezing my backside. The primitive side of me was in full swing. I bit his bottom lip.

"Meredith you slut!" Venus's shrill voice broke the moment. 

I stopped kissing Keaton. I pulled away from him. His eyes were still closed, and his lips still parted, his mouth lightly stained with some of my red lipstick. Marlee was nice, but I figured she would have hated me after that moment. A couple minutes later, she leaned into my ear and whispered seductively,

"That was hot. I could learn a thing from you."

The hairs on my neck stood at attention. 

We played a couple more rounds of the game. I tried not to make eye contact with Keaton. I felt him and Marlee focusing on me. After the game was over, everyone one dispersed. I got up to leave, but Marlee grabbed my hand. 

"Why don't you stay and hang out with us for a bit?"

Keaton patted the couch, and waved me over. 

***

While we sat in the room in silence, Marlee and Keaton flirted with each other. They made faces and whispered. All of a sudden, Marlee straddled Keaton, and held his arms down. She kissed him. He kissed her. They began to make out on the floor. I blushed. I tilted my head slightly, admiring the beautiful pair. They obviously had an amazing sex life. Marlee's long brown hair cascaded over Keaton's face. She pushed it behind her ear. She sunk down, her body pressing against his. His hand traveled over her soft curves, slightly pulling her dress up. I could see Marlee's red tongue dancing with Keaton's. They would break, then flirtily smile at each other.

My body was hot just watching them. I licked my lips. I didn't envy Marlee. I was filled with more of a sense of intrigue. I wanted to join her and Keaton. 

Realizing what I was doing, I came to my senses. To be courteous, I began to get up to leave the lovebirds alone. Marlee's gaze met mine. 

"What are you doing?"

"Um, I was going to leave you two alone."

They both looked at me in awe, then they looked at each other, and grinned like they shared a special secret. 

"I like having an audience." said Keaton. 

"Me too..." Agreed Marlee.

Keaton looked at me and smirked again. I loved the little crinkles around his eyes. I melted a little inside. At their invitation, I sat and watched. I leaned back and enjoyed their performance. I moved my hand into my dress, gently stroking my breast. I felt myself getting wet. I opened my legs.

Marlee and Keaton continued to fondle each other. Marlee would occasionally tease me with her blue eyes- which were swimming with lust. I wanted to turn away but I couldn't. I was hypnotized. Marlee lifted Keaton's white t-shirt, exposing his smooth, washboard abs. She then ran her hand over his growing bulge. 

In the heat of the moment, I said in a sensual voice,

"Keep going. Don't stop..."

Marlee actually stopped. She sat up. Her hair was all akimbo. 

"Care to join us?" She asked. "Come be part of the show. I liked what I saw earlier."

Her and Keaton both gazed at me. Marlee reached out her hand. I scooted over towards the couple and and placed my hand in Marlee's outstretched palm. She yanked me towards her. 

"Turn around" Marlee whispered. 

I obeyed her command, and turned my back to her. She scooted up behind me, clasping my waist. She ran her hand up my exposed leg. She breathed deeply into my neck as she lifted my dress over my head and tossed it on the floor. After that, Marlee grabbed my breasts and squeezed.

Marlee spun me around, then turned her back to me. She wanted me to return the favor. I slowly unzipped her dress, exposing her porcelain back and hot pink thong. She shivered as I ran my fingers down her spine. Her silk dress fell into a sad heap on the floor as I felt her buttery skin. She put her hands over mine, and placed my hands onto her generous breasts. They felt soft and doughy. She then moved one of my hands beneath her lingerie. I trembled as I touched her smooth pussy. She leaned into me and turned her face to mine. She pulled my face in.

"Give me some of what you gave Keaton." she said. 

"I like that" said Keaton, leaning back and biting his lip.

His hand slid down his pants.

Marlee's mouth was warm and sweet. Her tongue was tangled with mine. I loved the chorus of smacking sounds as our jaws moved, and I loved hearing the squishing noise from Keaton as he pleasured himself while watching us. Kissing Marlee was about as wonderful as kissing Keaton. I pushed my fingers in deeper into her boiling flesh. My fingers grew sticky with her hot juices. She began to writhe, her backside grinding into me.

"Ah fuck.." she breathed. She stopped kissing me and let out a wail of pleasure. 

Marlee pulled forward, and turned back to face me. We both looked to Keaton.

"I was beginning to think I was forgotten." He laughed. 

Keaton had taken his shirt off, and Marlee crawled over to him. She slowly pulled his pants down, then his boxers. As she pulled his checkered underwear down, Marlee unveiled a gorgeous cock- long and thick and tan. It was as I had imagined in my fantasies. Marlee grabbed him, and rubbed it. She leaned in and kissed the tip, then gave it a little lick. Keaton and Marlee both eyed me at the same time. 

Marlee and Keaton surrounded me, then pushed me into the fluffy carpet. Keaton, turned my head and kissed me. Then Marlee would do the same. Keaton's hand rose up my thigh. Marlee caressed my neck with her lips and then moved on to my breasts. I began to breath low and deeply. I closed my eyes and welcomed the tingling sensations on my flesh. I felt Keaton's stubble scrape my skin. He was moving downward til his blonde mane rested between my thighs. He caressed my skin with his lips, the tip of his tongue tickling me a bit. All of a sudden, I felt his cool breath on my freshly waxed mound. I shivered. His finger dug into my throbbing pussy. I peered down, and I could see Keaton's light caramel eyes gazing back up at me, his thick eyebrows arched upward in acknowledgement. His hair was usually carefully slicked back, but his golden strands hung in wisps above his eyes. I tilted my head back up, and stared at the ceiling. I felt an exhale on my clit, and felt a wet sensation. 
