 Author's note: It's been almost a year since I've submitted anything, (I've been so busy I'm lucky I get the real sex I do, so my erotic fantasy writings have taken a back-burner) so many of you are probably not familiar with my first two submissions. To those of you who expressed such anticipation for this sequel, I'm so sorry to have kept you in suspense, you probably thought I was never writing again. But, I really feel the time spent on this one was well worth it. Let me know what you think. To those of you who never read "The Jamesons", the main character, Veronica, developed a sexual relationship with her supervisor, Alicia Jameson, as well as Alicia's husband, Johnny. If you haven't read it, I strongly suggest doing so.

*

"Johnny's scheduled to land tomorrow around lunch." Alicia said as my breathing slowed, raising her head from between my legs and wiping her face, "He wants us to meet him at the penthouse. He said he's bringing an Australian friend."

"A friend?" I asked, pulling away from her and sitting up, "Do you know her?"

"Actually," she replied, "Johnny said he thought you would really like him." She snuggled into me from the front, and lowered her mouth to my breasts.

"HIM? I don't know, Alicia." I meekly protested.

"Don't know what?"

"Well, it's just... Two guys? I don't know"

"Why not?" she responded, looking up at me, "Johnny just wants us all to have fun. You know he would never even consider anything you wouldn't enjoy. I'm sure he wouldn't have invited him if he didn't think you'd like him, and I'm sure if you still don't like him after you meet him, Johnny can arrange something else, somewhere else for him to stay."

"Alicia, you really think..."

"Yes, I do think," she interrupted, "or I wouldn't have brought it up either. Come on, it'll be fun. We can go to the penthouse in the morning and... prepare ourselves." She reached down with her right hand, started sliding her fingertips in my slick folds. "Have you ever had two men at once, Veronica?" she asked, as her nimble little fingers reached my button.

Through my moans and clenched teeth I managed a feeble, but honest, "No..."

"Things will happen when you're with two men that you never even knew could happen." she said, positioning herself between my legs once again. I let out a moan as her left hand joined her right. She caressed my clit with her two index fingers, rubbing her thumbs around my now dripping hole. She pushed her thumbs in and out as she stroked my clit, and I could feel how slippery I was. As her thumbs churned just inside my opening, her fingers pinched my clit together and rubbed back and forth, making it throb with arousal.

Her head dipped from my sight, and I felt her mouth replace her fingers at my clit. Her fingertips slid away, and one well-lubed thumb slid into my asshole as the other still stretched my pussy. She sucked my clit up between her teeth and pushed her thumbs in and out, in perfect off-beat. I came within a matter of seconds, gushing onto her face and hands.

She slid back up to my chest and curled up facing me. "So, what do you think? You know it'll be fun."

"I guess I can at least meet him." I responded, grinning at her.

"Good," she said, muffled though it was from my nipple between her lips again.

As we drove to the hotel the next morning, Alicia told me what she knew. Johnny's friend's name was Gabriel, and he was a pilot for an Australian airline. She'd only briefly met him once, but Johnny had talked about him often, and apparently they were pretty close friends, drinking and partying together when Johnny was between flights in Australia or when Gabriel was between flights in The States.

When we arrived, we set about changing the sheets to the Egyptian blends we had brought, and filled the decanters with Smirnoff and Jack Daniels. As Alicia started the incense burners, I started the shower. Stepping into the shower, I adjusted the spray and let the water cascade over me, soaking my hair and running over my face and shoulders, trickling over my stomach and down my legs. I turned under the water in time to see Alicia step into the shower with me. 

"I was hoping to surprise you." she said, frowning.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Here, surprise me." I replied, turning away from her.

"You smartass!" she responded, slapping me on the ass. She reached for the shampoo, and squeezed a little onto her hand. (I love the way Alicia washes my hair, and she knows it, so she takes every opportunity to do so.) She recapped the bottle and returned it to the shelf. Leaning my head back towards her, I exhaled in pleasure as I felt her fingertips on my scalp. The shampoo thickened as it lathered, and Alicia's fingers moved in soft circles through my hair. She massaged as she lathered, pressing softly in all the right spots with the soft pads of her fingers, and I couldn't hold back my moans of relaxation. Her fingers worked for about ten minutes before she felt she was done. I stepped under the spray, and let the hot water slough the suds from my hair, working the water with my hands to ensure it was thoroughly rinsed. 

I grabbed the shampoo bottle, and it was her turn. I washed her hair, though I have to admit I don't have as much of a skill at it as she does. After she rinsed her hair, she opened her eyes to see me holding out the soap and loofah. I had already lathered the other loofah, and as she worked up the foam on her own, I began washing her body. We washed each others arms and legs, and then put the loofahs down in favor of being able to feel each other's skin. She massaged her soapy hands into my chest, and I relished in the way her breasts moved as I lathered them. It was so like the ocean surface, the way they swelled in places as I caressed. The soapy bubbles helped with the illusion, giving me the impression of water foaming as waves reach the shore.

I turned around to let her wash my back, and swivelled my hips in response to her caresses reaching my ass. Her sudsy hands slid over my ass, then between my cheeks, getting me thoroughly clean for our night. Her soapy fingers massaged around my hole, then slid in a little to get me really clean. I rinsed, her hands helping the suds release from my skin, then turned her around so I could reciprocate. I lathered her back, watching the bubbles drip down over her ass, and glided my hands over the round globes, in wide circles, then up and down between them. 

We turned to face each other, and each put one leg up on the wall. As my soapy hand found her slit, her slick fingers reached my pussy, and slid back and forth, getting between every fold. We washed each other thoroughly, both thinking of what was going to happen later tonight. I felt my juices starting to come forth, and asked her to slow down. I put our night ahead out of mind as I washed her, and soon we were both fresh and clean and ready to be rinsed. I allowed her to rinse first, as her pussy was a little more sensitive to soap, and then rinsed myself.

We were both worked-up after our shower session, but we wanted to wait for the men, so we dried each other, and went to the bedroom to get dressed. Alicia had our clothes on the bed, though lingerie is probably a more appropriate word for the items that were lying there. There was a bustierre for us both, but they looked more like push-up bras to me, and Alicia had a pair of "Daisy Dukes", while for me there was a vinyl mini-skirt. As Alicia was dressing, I pulled on the bustierre, situated my breasts inside it for maximum cleavage, and slid on the mini-skirt. I then reached for my underwear, only to find none. 

Alicia saw the concerned look on my face. "Oh, you won't be needing anything like that tonight," she said, and adjusted the skirt on my hips. "Perfect," she said as I walked to the mirror. I felt a breeze on my cheeks, and turned around in front of the mirror to see that fully half my ass was hanging out of the bottom of the skirt. I was a little shocked by the display, but also pleased to see that my ass looked good enough for an outfit like this. 

Once we were both dressed, we strategically placed wet-wipes around the penthouse, and Alicia settled in the chair, while I found some music and set the volume to a pleasing level. I walked back to the seating area, and was just sinking into the loveseat across from Alicia's chair when the bell rang that announces the elevator is being opened. I looked at Alicia, and she was grinning a mile wide. She stood, and I started to rise, but she motioned for me to stay where I was. Johnny walked into the room and was followed by a very muscular man who looked to be about 25. He was a little shorter than Johnny, but still much taller than me, and his hair was jet black, curly, and cut short, which made his ice-blue eyes stand out dramatically. His muscles I could see rippling through the arms of his dress shirt, and at the sight of Alicia and me, I could also see his dick stirring through the leg of his pants. He obviously knew already what was planned for tonight.

Johnny introduced Gabriel and me, while Alicia asked everyone's preference: vodka or bourbon. The men sat, Johnny to my left and Gabriel to my right on the loveseat. Alicia returned with my Smirnoff, and two glasses of whiskey, straight for Johnny and on the rocks for Gabriel. Alicia doesn't do well with liquor, and was soon returning with a wine cooler for herself. She sat in the chair across from me and the guys. As we started talking, we got on the subject of how we all met each other. How Alicia and I met was an innocent enough story, and how Alicia and Johnny met was not much more risque, but then the story of Johnny and I getting to know each other was brought up, and I knew my face was turning bright red.

As Johnny was telling Gabriel the story, he kept looking at me. Each time, I noticed a little more fire in his eyes. About halfway through, Johnny's hand slipped from my left thigh to my crotch, and with the clothes I was wearing and the way the story was turning me on, his fingers immediately slipped into my pussy. Johnny kept talking, pressing all the right buttons. I was writhing under his hand, and pushed my breasts up out of the top of the bustierre. I reached for my nipple, but Gabriel's hand beat me to it. He twisted, then massaged with his entire hand, then twisted again. It was an amazing sensation. As the story concluded, Johnny got up on his knees next to me and dropped his pants. I immediately engulfed his cock with my mouth. I barely realized his hand was no longer at my slit when I felt Alicia's unmistakably soft tongue start to trace my lips. She teased me with her tongue barely entering my pussy for an agonizing period before finally plunging it in. Gabriel took that opportunity to lower his head to suckle my rock-hard nipples. He focused on one at a time for a while, and when he could tell that Alicia was close to getting me off, he began rapidly swapping between them. Between the excitement of sucking Johnny's dick, the super-soft sensation of Alicia's tongue in my pussy, and the sharp feel of Gabriel nibbling my nipples, I soon came with a fury, bucking into Alicia's face and pressing Gabriel's head into my breasts.

I came down from my orgasm, and released Gabriel. He sat back on the loveseat next to me, and I could barely contain myself when I saw the bulge that was now in his pants. It looked to be about the same length as Johnny's but it seemed to be very thick. He followed my eyes and grinned.

"Do you wanna see?"

I could only nod, my eyes as big as golfballs. He unbuttoned his button-fly, and pulled it out. Now my eyes were as big as tennis balls. I was wrong about the length, it was probably an inch or two shorter than Johnny's, but that was actually a relief when I realized how thick it really was. Have you ever seen a dick that's as big around as a coke can? I never had, and my jaw literally dropped with surprise. 

"Hop on, Baby!" Alicia remarked when she saw my reaction. "But first, he'll need to be lubed to get into that tight pussy of yours."

I leaned down, and took what I could into my mouth, which at first was only the head. When I had worked my mouth open enough to thoroughly lubricate his dick, I got up, stood in front of him, and hiked my skirt.

"Do you mind?" I asked as I started to straddle him. For an answer, he simply grabbed my hips and slammed me down onto his cock. Alicia walked around to kiss me, then went back out of my sight behind me. I was pretty much just on my knees on the edge of the couch, and Gabriel was pumping up into me. I couldn't hold back the sigh of contentment as a tongue found my asshole, and I looked around to see Alicia's auburn hair over the curve of my ass. I noticed Johnny behind her, taking off her shorts. He fingered his wife for just a moment, then lined up to sink his dick in. I could feel the shockwave pass from Alicia's pussy, through her body, and into my ass. Gabriel continued his assault on my pussy, and Alicia's tongue took on a new vigor in my asshole as her husband pounded her pussy. I felt Alicia start to tense (her first orgasm comes pretty quickly), and then her tongue went wild as she climaxed. I was not far behind, the excitement of the whole situation enhancing my ultra-orgasmic tendencies. I sank down a little onto Gabriel, and Alicia withdrew her face from my ass. 

Gabriel was still going full-steam. I looked around to see what the others were doing, and saw Johnny approaching me.

"Here's what you've been waiting for, baby," he said as he slid his dick up and down my crack. He waited a moment to time it with Gabriel's movements, and then plunged his ten inches completely into my ass. I swear I have never felt so full in my life. It was amazing, the way their strokes were timed, Gabriel entering my pussy while Johnny withdrew from my ass, then Gabriel sliding out of my slit while Johnny slammed into my asshole. Bouncing between them, my hair slinging around, I was in nirvana. Gabriel's breathing was soon more ragged, and his strokes became less regular. I felt him clench as he was nearing orgasm. His pounding into my pussy became wild as he spurted, and at the same time I felt Johnny's dick in my ass pulsing. Just as Gabriel's cock was squirting its last, Johnny's dick erupted in my ass. It was an amazing moment, as Gabriel and Johnny were both cumming inside me. I went wild at the thought, and bucked myself into my third orgasm of the night. 

Johnny pulled out of my ass, and Gabriel lifted me, and laid me down on the couch, my ass hanging off the edge. Alicia approached, pushed my legs up, and graced me with her skill at giving head once again. She began with light flicks of the tip of her tongue across my engorged clit, then moved to sliding the length of her tongue along my folds, before finally pushing it into me. My asshole was her next target. She loved stretching it with her tongue, and I wasn't complaining either.

Gabriel got up onto the couch on my right side to feed me his cock. He held it out to me, and I eagerly and immediately swallowed as much of it as I could. Then, I felt something touch the left side of my face, and turned to see Johnny's cock half an inch from my face. I grabbed his dick, opened my mouth a little wider, and gave my first double blowjob. I jiggled the heads of their dicks around together with my tongue, and it wasn't long before Gabriel was tensing up, about to cum. As Gabriel became almost still inside my mouth, I encouraged Johnny to truly fuck into my mouth. After a couple of strokes, they were both erupting into my throat and onto my face. Alicia chose this moment to suck my clit up between her teeth, and at the sight of Gabriel and Johnny cumming all over each other's dicks, I climaxed violently.

We three were pretty breathless, so as we settled onto the floor to stretch out, Alicia brought us our drinks. Small talk, of course, led to more sex talk, and soon Gabriel leaned in to kiss me. There was so much passion in his kiss, I immediately felt the tell-tale tingle in my groin, followed by the warmth of my pussy lubing itself. All too soon, his mouth left mine for my breasts, but there was no disappointment when I realized he wasn't stopping there. His head reached my crotch, and I rolled him onto his back and straddled his face, facing his feet. I leaned down and popped his dick into my mouth at the moment his lips found my clit. As his incredibly nimble tongue explored my pussy, once again Alicia's familiar tongue snaked into my ass. I'd never had two people go down on me at once. Two tongues at once was almost more than I could handle, and my lower body was jerking and thrashing, out of my control. 

As I saw Johnny approach us, I lifted Gabriel's balls up and started massaging them. 

I'm still not sure if that was my intention at the time, but Johnny took that as an invitation, and lined up his freshly lubed cock with Gabriel's tightly puckered asshole. As I deep throated Gabriel, a trick Johnny had "helped me learn", Johnny took advantage of that moment and slid half his dick into his friend's ass in one fluid movement. With five inches of hard cock inside him, Gabriel started to squirm, but me lying on top of him was hindering most of his movement, and my pussy covering his face made unintelligible any words he might have been forming between guttural groans and whimpers. Johnny held perfectly still for a moment, and I resumed the deep-throating that had so relaxed him earlier. 

It seemed that Johnny kept up only the slightest pressure, so that even though my face was less than a foot from the action, I could barely tell Johnny was moving at all. Gabriel's once tiny asshole was now stretched around Johnny's dick. Gabriel jerked when he felt Johnny's pubic hairs on his ass; he didn't even realize Johnny was pushing more in, and now his ass was full of ten inches of his friend's cock. Johnny began sliding in and out of Gabriel, and I timed my oral ministrations with his thrusts, so that soon Gabriel was rocking back and forth, to push his dick into my mouth, then to push his ass onto Johnny's dick. When Johnny realized Gabriel was encouraging him, he sped up his thrusts, and lunged harder and deeper into Gabriel's no-longer-virgin ass. Gabriel became more comfortable, and I welcomed the renewed vigor with which he attacked my pussy. He licked and nibbled my clit, and all the while Alicia had kept her face in my ass, making sure I was getting the most out of this experience. As I watched Johnny withdraw his dick to the point that I could actually see the edge of the head, then plunge all the way back in, I noticed when his thrusts started to become shaky. I realized that he was about to come inside Gabriel's ass, and that set off my own, earth-shattering orgasm, throwing my head back and thrusting my ass into Alicia's face, drenching Gabriel's face. Gabriel tensed beneath me, then shook as he orgasmed and sprayed onto my face and chest. With Gabriel's asshole spasming around his dick, Johnny sank in one last time, and churned his hips against Gabriel's ass as he climaxed.

To be continued...