 The Chef and the Italian Stallion are in for a Birthday Surprise!

It was Lisa's Birthday...Mario decided to take her out to her favorite Mexican joint to eat, because he knew she loved the Margaritas there. They arrived at On the Border, and were sitting in the bar drinking the fabulous Borderitas and getting a bit frisky. They were flirting, and giggling and he had his strong hand on her muscular tanned thigh, gently stroking her knee. It took her back, because what Mario didn't know was that this was the same Mexican restaurant where the Chef had met Jess, the female half of Jess and Joe, and sat at the same bar, laughing and flirting, running her fingers through Jess's fragrant hair, with HER hand on JESS'S thigh...sneaking in kisses, and touches, building the sexual tension in between them, before they would go to the house and meet Joe, to indulge in a threesome, which would be her first time...Lisa smiled secretly, and closed her eyes, enjoying Mario's attention, feeling the tingle all throughout her. Until she felt a tap on her arm...

She opened her eyes to the beautiful green cat-eyes to none other than Jess's! Jess, who had been the most exciting female lover she had known. Jess, whom she had fallen in love with that night. Whose slippery perfectly toned dancer's body had driven her to insane heights. They had not seen each other again...kids, work, blah blah blah...Mario knew of the encounter, of course, he had seen pictures, he had heard the screams and moans on video of all three of them. He knew all the lewd details...but he had never seen Jess's gazelle-like frame next to the lush Goddess body of his Lover. 

His attention was rapt upon her as the girls hugged and squealed and hugged each other. His beautiful Gypsy eyes widened as he took in the erotic sight of two women right in front of him who were becoming aroused just by the feel of each other's bodies. They almost seemed to melt into each other, like no one else was in the room. 

Joe, standing behind Jess, discreetly cleared his throat. The two men shook hands, Mario's rugged masculinity dwarfing the other man, but still, a very attractive foursome. Mario mentioned to the Long-married couple that it was Lisa's Birthday and they insisted on buying Tequila shots for all four of them. Soon, they were all uproariously laughing at some story Joe was telling about his Law office and Jess and Lisa were talking food. 

They called for the table but they all four decided they weren't hungry and kept drinking. The Italian Stallion noticed his Chef was hungrily eying the younger woman's tight body and every so often, Joe's eyes would stray to his lover's magnificent 42DD breasts. Hell, it made him PROUD as hell that he had such an amazing woman that men and women alike stared at her all the time. So, he smiled a bit to himself and said, "So, it's been such a long day...you folks live close to here, right? Any chance I can take a quick shower and we can resume the party and not have to worry about driving?"

The happily married couple agreed. Lisa said she would ride with Jess because she wanted some more "girl talk" and Mario gave Joe a ride. Jess and Lisa were laughing their asses off because Jess ripped out some super-fine quality Bud that only made the two of them laugh harder and start making out at the stop-lights. The men pulled up behind them in their driveway and got out and noticed that the girls were passionately touching and kissing each other. Joe raised his eyebrow and looked at Mario with a wicked gleam in his eye. "Hey, buddy," he said, "Maybe we'll get to see some action tonight." ... Mario only smiled...in the enigmatic way that he always did...while his cock fought for control in his tightening pants. 

Once inside the house, Mario followed Joe upstairs while Joe got him situated with the shower. Mario was impressed at the beautiful Italian cobblestones in the shower and estimated it was large enough to hold at least 6 people. It had 2 sprays and a seat, and you could stand under the pulsating blast of water that was aimed at you every-which way. There was every product you could imagine in there, including some very nice men's products. He could hear the three of them laughing and talking downstairs as he soaped his long, muscular rangy body. He began to get hard as he thought of Jess and Lisa together. Lisa had told him that Jess was amazing at eating her pussy, not as good as HE was of course, because he was a Master but he remembered them talking about it. 

He began touching himself...stroking his large cock and moaning softly...the hot water and soap-suds running down his body...his balls...his hardening erection. To his surprise, the shower door suddenly opened and there was his Goddess standing there...with Jess and Joe. They were all carrying more Margaritas...and were all naked. His hard-on immediately became HUGE as Lisa came up to him and started stroking his body while Jess fell to her knees and enveloped his rigid Italian sausage in her petite mouth. He looked at the Chef, as he always did, for tacit agreement and she smiled as she took Joe's cock in her hands and began to stroke it. She pulled Jess's wet hair off her face and held it back so she could cram more of Mario's penis in her mouth. Lisa held her head forcibly as she forced Jess to deep-throat Mario. Joe became rock-hard as he watched his petite wife choking on Mario's massive meat. Lisa kept on pushing Jess's head back and forth on Mario's cock and he was so excited he was having trouble maintaining control. 

All four of them began caressing each other's bodies... soaping each other...washing their hair...feeling the sensual water splashing down on their aroused bodies. Jess was loving the soapy, slippery feel of Lisa's giant melon tits as Joe was finger fucking her. Lisa took a cock into each hand and rinsed the foursome off. They followed her out of the shower obediently as the Birthday girl wantonly positioned her hourglass Marilyn Monroe-like frame across the bed. "Hey guys," she purred... It's STILL my birthday, hmmmm?" With smiles on all three of their faces, Mario, Jess and Joe all climbed up into that big soft bed and there were three sets of hands...three sets of tongues...stubble...soft silky hair...pubes, Jess's proud erect tits...all of them went to town on the Chef. Mario told Jess he would show her how to make the Chef crazy Joe was suckling and caressing Lisa's 42DD tits while Jess sat on her face. Mario was kissing and licking and sucking on Lisa's pussy...oh...soooo... good as she was pulling on Joe's cock while licking Jess's tiny little tight pussy that smelled like flowers.

Jess reached down and began to rub Lisa's clit as Mario stuck his long tongue inside of her, then in her ass..." Mmmm," she cried, "I want a taste!" The two girls slithered into a 69 position so she could taste the Chef's unbelievable delicious Béchamel sauce. Lisa was groaning at the feel of Jess's petite little fingers vibrating inside of her. The men watched for a while but needed more. Jess climbed off Lisa's face and both girls laid back with legs spread. The girls suggested that the men alternate sucking their pussies and they would close their eyes and see if they could tell which one was their partner. Both men just loved being able to explore another pussy and soon their mouths and tongues were busy devouring the delicious feast laid out before them. Jess and Lisa were caressing and sucking each other's nipples. Both women were fast approaching climax and the sound of moans and sighs and joy was getting louder. As if it were planned, BOTH women came into the men's mouths and became wild. 

"Oh, oh, oh..." Jess moaned, as Lisa echoed her sentiments. Lisa worked her way down to Jess's wet pussy and started devouring her girl-cum and talking to Mario in a sexy way about how good she tasted and how beautiful her little pussy was. She spread Jess's lips open and parted her legs more and guided Mario's length into her. Jess gasped as she felt his massive God-like Phallus tremble inside of her tight canal. She spat on Jess's pussy and started rubbing her hard and wet clit in rhythm with Mario's thrusting. Lisa turned her head and starting licking Joe's erect shaft that was begging for attention. She expertly licked and sucked him, taking the entire length down her throat. She could see by the look in Joe's eyes that was dying to be inside of her. 

Lisa lay back and took Joe's cock while putting her legs up over his shoulders. Mario was caressing Lisa's giant titties while fucking Jess with abandon. Joe took his cue from Mario and whipped out the Wand and started to alternate using it on both girls' clitorises, causing them both to scream out loud. "I didn't even know you HAD this thing!" Lisa exclaimed, "I am fucking LOVING it!" Both women were having orgasm after orgasm as they men were enjoying their pussies. Both Joe and Mario could feel the powerful vibrations through their cocks and balls besides the contractions inside the women. Everything was building...and building...until Jess asked to be double penetrated by the men. Lisa was a little put out because she wanted Mario to cum in HER, but she figured what the hell...she wasn't a big fan of anal herself. She agreed...on one condition. Jess fuck her with the strap on while Mario licked, played with and sucked her pussy and Joe played with her tits. 

Jess got on her hands and knees... took on the two men... then decided she wanted to give Lisa a special gift, as it was her birthday...she brought out her brand-new harness with the new vibrator attached to it...it had 10 different speeds, spun and twisted and thrust...and it was unbelievably life-like. Of course, it would never be Mario's dick...but damn...it was awesome...Mario started licking and sucking Lisa's wet and aromatic pussy and Joe caressed and made love to her breasts. Jess mounted her and fucked her slowly as Mario licked Lisa's clit and made her cum again...screaming for Mario's cock. At that moment, Mario almost popped his cork with the sheer rush of hearing his lover's desperate plea for his meat. He plunged his Sausage into Lisa's cunt as Jess took over licking and sucking her clit with light flickering strokes. Lisa came in buckets on Mario's cock just as he did, splashing Jess's mouth with a spray of cum because she was licking his balls and cock too, as he was inside Lisa. Joe gave a hoarse cry at the sight of Mario's tool and cast one last longing look at it because he had envied the man all night, for his prowess. 

With a guttural cry, Joe couldn't hold it any longer and his jizz shut out of his cock with a life of its own and landed in both girls' hair. Lisa and Jess started laughing hysterically, saying, "We've had the cake, and now here's the icing too!" The three of them toasted the Chef and wished her a Happy Birthday! Mario exchanged a meaningful look with Joe. What an amazing night...LOL. 

~sexynursechef~...to get the back story, read "My First Threesome", where Lisa first meets Jess and Joe.