 Author's note: This IS an edited version of my previous story. Though there a just a few minor changes (other than the removal of a paragraph that was added in a hurry, and is no longer needed since I've decided to make it an ongoing story), I feel they have greatly improved the story overall, and are instrumental in tying together Chapters 1 and 2.

*

"Veronica... Veronica, can you come in here please?" I heard over the intercom on my desk as I was leaving the office one Friday afternoon. I was being paged to the office of my boss, Mrs. Jameson. Alicia Jameson was in her early thirties, though most wouldn't suspect it. She was about 5'9" with flowing wavy auburn hair and the dark green eyes that complement that hair color perfectly. She had a light tan, just enough to avoid being called "pale", and a sprinkling of freckles on her arms. She was married to an airline pilot, Mr. Jameson. 

I had met Johnny Jameson on my first day and seen him two or three times since at the office. He was in his mid-thirties, a very attractive man. He was almost six-and-a-half feet tall and kept his dark hair clipped short, which seemed to make his hazel eyes stand out more. His dark complexion suited his size perfectly. He looked like the kind of man you would want protecting you.

I had been working as secretary in her office for six months, and I felt I had settled in very well. Alicia was the rare sort of woman that I could get along with, the kind that actually listens to you instead of just waiting to respond. We became fast friends, and over the last couple of months we had started taking lunch together at Lionel's, the pub a couple of blocks from our office.

"Veronica," she started as I walked in her office, "What do you have planned for tonight?"

"Well, I was actually thinking about going down to Lionel's for a couple of drinks. I've been wondering what it's like when it's really busy."

"Perfect!" she responded, "I'll meet you there. Say, 9? Johnny's gonna be in Europe for another week, and I'm really bored."

"Sure. It'll be a girl's night out."

Lionel's had started to get crowded when I got there at 8:30. I found the last corner booth and slid in to wait for Alicia. I ordered a strawberry daiquiri and watched people as I sipped it. A little while later, I noticed a woman walk in that seemed to demand the attention of everyone in the room. I found myself surprised by the attention I was giving her overflowing cleavage, then truly shocked when I realized that this woman, the first woman I had ever found myself attracted to, was the one and only Alicia Jameson. She was wearing her hair up but flowing down from the top, her black dress was clinging to her just so, and the 4-inch heels she was wearing were stretching her legs out to almost impossible lengths.

She looked around for a second, then saw me and made her way over. "Hey, girl. Wow, this place is crowded at night, huh? Where's the waiter?" She called for the waiter, then slid in the booth and waited. "What are you having?"

"Me? Oh, strawberry daiquiri." I replied shakily as the waiter arrived.

"Great! I'll have the same."

She made small talk while she waited for the waiter to return, then tipped him and told him she'd just call when she needed something else.

After he left, she sipped her drink, then looked at me and said, "Okay, what's wrong?"

"Wrong? nothing."

She scooted around the table closer to me. "Nothing? Come on. I know you better than that."

"Really, it's nothing, I'm just a little tired."

"Alright..." she hesitantly replied, "but you can tell me whenever you feel like it."

"So, how are the babies?" I asked, referring to her four Cane Corsos, Memphis, Kit, Atley, and Sway.

"Oh, they're doing well... "

So on goes the small talk while I try to keep my eyes off of her cleavage...

"You know," she said, after we'd both had two more daiquiris, "you are the best friend I've ever had." She grabbed my hand and said, "I know it's something people always say when they're drunk, but I love you."

"I, uh, love you too."

She put her hand on my knee. "I would love to make you love me even more."

"What do you mean?" I started to ask, but I knew already, because her hand was sliding up my thigh, not with urgency, but as though she was savoring the feel of my skin. I felt my breath catch as she slid her hand under my skirt and beneath the band of my panties, and I actually gasped when her fingers touched my lips.

"I want to make you love me. I want to make love to you." she whispered into my ear, and started kissing me lightly along the neck as her fingers separated my labia and started touching me, finding my clit and rubbing it.

"I, I've never done this, I mean, you know, with a woman."

"Neither have I," she replied, "but I've been thinking about you a lot lately. I dressed up for you. Do you like it?"

"I love it. I can't keep my eyes off you."

"Yeah, I noticed. At least, that's what I was hoping I was seeing. Can I drive you to the Hilton?"

"Oh, my god. Yes. Oh, my god. I can't believe this."

"Believe it. Now let's go. Oh, and be sure to wipe off the seat." she said with a smile.

She drove us the twenty minutes into the city, and parked in a marked space in the Hilton's garage.

"You have a reserved parking space at the Hilton?" I asked.

"Yeah. Well, Johnny does. He keeps a room because it's right next to the airport for when he's in-between flights."

We walked into the hotel through a side door, and got on the elevator. "Holy shit, I can't believe I'm doing this."

"Look, I don't want to pressure you into anything. This isn't going to affect your job at all. Tell me what you want."

"I want you." I replied.

The elevator stopped at the top floor, and when she inserted a small card on her key ring into the slot inside, the doors opened directly into a very luxurious suite.

"The penthouse?" I asked.

"Yeah, well, Johnny says we can afford it, so why not?"

She walked in and took my bag and placed it with hers on the foyer table, then turned to me and took my hair down out of its clip. "You really are gorgeous. You don't know that, do you?"

"Me? Please. I can't even compare to you."

"Stop that. You're beautiful, and I want you." She leaned down and kissed me, sensually, and for that minute or two, with her kissing me and running her hands through my hair, I was completely disconnected. She took me by the hand, and led me into a bedroom with the biggest bed I have ever seen. She casually unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor, then slid my panties down my legs. She led me to the bed and gently seated me on it, then sat down beside me, turned to me, and kissed me. As she was kissing me she unbuttoned my top and pushed it back off my shoulders and arms, then unclasped my bra and slid it off my arms. When she began caressing my tits, I moaned. She made a soft giggle, then her kisses left my mouth and made their way down my neck, across my chest, to my nipples. Focusing on one at a time, while massaging the other with her hand, she licked and sucked my nipples like she was french-kissing. I could not hold back the groans of pleasure, and they encouraged her.

"Your breasts are beautiful." she said between mouthfuls, "Are you okay with doing this to me?" 

"I would love to." I replied shakily. She sat up and kissed me again, then gently pushed my head down her neck, and I mimicked her, placing small kisses all along the way, loving the taste of her skin. I reached her chest, and she pressed her arms against her sides to make a beautiful cushion for me, then touched her hands to the back of my head and guided me to her nipples. I popped one in my mouth, and she jerked and gasped. I instantly loved this new thing, suckling her breast, and went at it with great energy. I licked, sucked, and even took the initiative to nibble a little, of which she showed instant approval with her moans. 

All too soon for me, she guided my mouth back up to hers, then pushed me onto my back. She kissed me, and once again made a path of kisses down my neck. Then I felt her make her way past my breasts, and there was an instant of disappointment, until she started scooting her body down, and her kisses reached my pelvis bone; I knew what this precluded, and I could feel a little more juice trickle out of me. Her warm mouth reached my clit, and she went at it like she did my nipples, obviously enjoying it.

"Mmm, you taste so good," she said, muffled from between my legs. Her tongue ventured a little further, and entered my pussy. My instinctual reaction was to press into her face, and she liked this. She started tongue-fucking me, then went back to suckling my clit. I was already on the verge of orgasm.

"Wait," I managed to whisper. She looked up from between my legs. "I want to taste you."

"Sweetie, all you had to do was ask." I started to rise, but she pushed me back and stood to undress. She climbed onto the bed and positioned herself so that we were in a 69. I looked up and her pussy was right in my face. I moaned at the sight of it, and she giggled at me. She hooked my legs behind her arms, and I wrapped my arms around her ass. 

"I, um, don't really know what to do." I said shyly.

"That's okay, honey, I don't think I do either. Why don't you just do to me exactly what I do to you?"

As she dipped her face into my pussy, I pulled hers down onto my face. She started with just her tongue, running it all over my lips, so I did the same. When she suddenly reached my clit, I jumped, and had to remind myself that I was pleasuring her as well. 

This was definitely the best way to learn how to eat pussy, and before long we were going at each other with urgency. Then, her tongue made its way down to my asshole. She just licked it once, and I froze, then she returned to eating my pussy. A couple minutes later, when she ventured to my asshole again, it felt really good, and I moaned into her pussy. She continued, and I pulled her ass closer to me and started licking her ass too. She went back to my pussy, then started going back and forth, occasionally nibbling my clit. I mimicked her and pressed my face into her pussy and ass as I was pressing my ass and pussy into her face. She sped up her tongue and had me very close, then slowed down for a second, breathlessly told me not to stop, then dipped her tongue into my pussy again and went wild, bringing me to orgasm at the same moment I felt her pussy spasming around my tongue.

We laid on the bed, spooning, her behind me, running her hand over my ass, hips, waist and breasts. I felt so good, so relaxed, I think I was actually falling asleep, something I never do after sex, when she started kissing me on the back of my neck and massaging my shoulders. Nuzzling into my hair, she pushed me over onto my stomach, and started moving her kisses down my back as she relaxed my muscles. Her body slid downward, and when she reached the dip above by ass, she positioned herself between my legs, and slid her hands underneath me to bring me up to my knees. With my ass up in the air, she started licking my asshole. It was mind-boggling to me that I enjoyed this. I started squirming, shamelessly writhing and pushing my ass into her face. When she finally penetrated my hole with her tongue, instantly I felt as though I was about to come, and started moaning in pleasure. She slid her hands around my ass and found my clit. As she began rubbing my clit, with her tongue sliding in and out of my asshole, I heard the bell that sounded when the elevator opened. I looked around to see Johnny Jameson, already shirtless and unbuckling his belt, obviously admiring the sight of his wife eating my ass.

Alicia removed her face from my ass and looked up at me, "I hope you don't mind, honey. I told him I was attracted to you and he thought we could have a little fun together. If it bothers you, he can leave."

I looked at her, then at Johnny, who was sliding his pants down. When I saw the size of his dick, any inhibitions I had were completely evaporated. Already hard from the sight of me on his bed, still face-down with my ass in the air. "Fuck me, Mr. Jameson, please."

"Of course, baby. My pleasure." Alicia jumped up and Johnny climbed onto the bed, and I repositioned myself to better allow him entry to my pussy. "Get her ready for me, baby." he said to Alicia. She scooted back around to face my pussy, and started her magic, sensuously kissing my pussy. I felt her stop for a moment, and looked around to see her sucking Johnny's dick. Then she started going back and forth between licking my pussy and his dick, ensuring that we were both sufficiently lubricated.

All of a sudden, I felt the entire length of his dick sink into my pussy, and moaned at the sensation. "Johnny, your dick is so big!"

"I liked 'Mr. Jameson'. Say it like that." he said, emphasizing the words with the hard stokes into me.

"Mr. Jameson, your dick is huge!" I immediately replied, broken as it was by the impact of him relentlessly pounding it into my pussy.

"Yeah, baby. Mr. Jameson's gonna fuck you wild!" He began driving into me even harder, really fucking me, and I soon felt two softer hands on my ass. Alicia was caressing me, and a moment later Johnny said, "Yeah, baby, rub her ass. Rub her asshole."

Alicia licked her fingers, then slid one into my ass. She slid it in and out in perfect off-time to Johnny's strokes, and after a few strokes slid another finger in my asshole. Within moments I reached orgasm, bucking wildly onto Johnny's dick and Alicia's hand.

"You have a beautiful ass, Veronica," Johnny said as his dick was still inside me, "do I get to fuck it?"

"Well, I..."

"I'll help, honey," Alicia said, "we can do a 69 while he fucks your ass. I think you'll like it."

"It does turn me on to think about it."

"Would you like Mr. Jameson to fuck you in the ass?" Johnny asked, and, biting my lip, I nodded my answer.

"You see. Here, I'll get you ready." Alicia responded, and once again started eating my ass out, in the same position we had been in when Johnny walked in on us. I could tell she was really pushing the entire length of her tongue into my asshole, trying to stretch it out a little for her husband. 

After a minute or two she stopped and slid underneath me so that her pussy was right below me and my pussy was directly above her face. She started eating my pussy and I was doing the same for her when I felt Johnny's hands on my hips, and then his dick sliding up and down my crack. Alicia focused on my clit and I could tell that was helping to loosen my asshole. Johnny's dick pressed onto my asshole a couple of times and then the head popped in. I experienced a moment of mild pain as he slid just the head in and out, but any pain was obliterated by pleasure when he finally sunk the full 10 inches of his dick into my ass. 

"God, your ass is so tight... perfect for fucking." He immediately began long, hard strokes, relentlessly driving his dick completely into and then almost all the way out of my asshole. The combination of Alicia suckling on my clit and Johnny pounding his dick into my ass was incredible, and when I felt his dick spasming and squirting inside my ass, it sent me into an immediate orgasm, dripping onto Alicia's face.

Alicia slid out from underneath me, and Johnny and I laid down on our sides. His dick was still in my ass, and what's more, it was still rock hard. Alicia laid down facing me, then scooted up a little to cradle me to her breasts. I couldn't resist the urge to suckle, and as I began, Johnny started rocking his hips, once again sliding his dick in and out of my ass. I may have been able to relax more in this position, because this was incredible! Each stroke of his dick into my asshole bounced my face into Alicia's gorgeous tits. I was moaning and writhing, bouncing back into him to push his dick more forcefully into my ass, and soon I was coming once again, convulsing in pleasure. 

I continued pushing into him, feeling him near orgasm, and it wasn't until I felt his dick squirting into my already filled asshole that I realized that I had just had an anal orgasm! I was sucking Alicia's tits, and Johnny was fucking me in the ass, and I had climaxed! The thought brought me to another orgasm as Johnny's still-hard dick was slipping, more slowly now, into and out of my asshole.

Johnny slowed to a stop, then slipped his dick from my quivering ass. He rolled me onto my back, then kissed me. When he looked at me again, he whispered, "Thank you," then gently pushed me over onto my stomach. He rubbed my ass a little, then said, "It's all yours, baby."

I felt Alicia's small, warm mouth on my ass, then felt her gently pushing her tongue into my asshole, lightly licking her husband's cum from my near-gaping ass. Johnny was standing off to the side, watching his wife cleaning his sperm from my asshole, his amazing dick still hard. I felt the urge, and said, "Mr. Jameson, can I suck your dick?"

"That's my girl!" he exclaimed, "That's what I like to hear. Open wide."

He walked over to the edge of the bed, and I stretched my neck out to show my eagerness. He laughed at this, then grabbed me by the back of the head and slammed my mouth forward onto his dick, pushing it into my throat. I eagerly sucked and tried to take as much of his 10 inches as I could. At the sight of my pleasure at sucking her husband's dick, Alicia more energetically forced her tongue into my ass, and fingered my pussy. I quickly reached my sixth climax of the night, a personal record for me. With the sight of his wife eating out my ass, and me sucking his dick, Johnny soon pulled it from my throat and sprayed his come across my face.

To be continued...