 The Chef gives Mario a treat

Mario had been sulking non-stop since I had become lovers with Brittni. I reminded him that HE got to play with another woman, why shouldn't I? Of course I didn't mention the other two men, he is 100% Sicilian and Lawd...there would HELL to pay...

I had just started taking lessons on sexually enslaving men from a local Dominatrix. I smiled a secret little smile to myself. Time to take it to the next level but always with Love. For I do love him, as he does me. It's an unconventional relationship where we get to explore different sides of sexuality. 

Domination IS about control, but the basis of it is trust. Empathy, communication, intimacy and a talent for teasing. Amanda and I had taken Mario to thunderous orgasms by edging and denying him until he begged to cum. This sets up chemicals in his brain to alter consciousness and bring him closer to Nirvana. He is freed from responsibility and I am in control of his orgasm. I am, and have always been a pleaser and a lover. But I am a strong Russian woman and a practicing Wicca as well. I am as old as the ages. Most witches reincarnate time and time again. I was with my sisters in Salem, long ago. But that is a tale for another day...

I am a member of a very elite women's group of Chefs and Nurses that live an Alternate Lifestyle. I met with them and we discussed putting on a little "evening dinner party" for Mario. Just to keep him happy. Which my fabulous self does...LOL.. They are all in their mid-to late 30's and 40's and each has her special gift or fetish. The Submissive ALWAYS has the control, by use of safe words and their choice. That Fifty Shades of Gray shit is ridiculous...I couldn't stand that movie. This is deeper and involves an intimacy that few experience. I was happy to give him this gift.

Mario loves to be naked and to show off his cock. And HELL...why shouldn't he? I've often wondered what it would be like to have that magnificent 8 inch long and wide phallus jutting from my long and rangy 6'4 frame. It must feel like being King of the World...to bring women to screaming orgasms like he has done to me. To inspire so much lust that I just HAVE to have him, the way he needs to be inside my warm wet cunt. I start to become moist as I write this, thinking of the last time, when he became my Cum-Slut. Good times HA HA HA...

I planned the menu...Pasta, of course, in a light marinara, oysters, Brie En Croute...salad...plenty of gooood red wine...and of course my Bong was on the table to anyone to partake of. I didn't give him a lot of details, but my Stallion understands me very well. The women began to arrive, chattering excitedly among themselves. They exclaimed at the beauty of my house and the heavenly aromas emanating from the Kitchen. "Help yourself, ladies!" I exclaimed, giving them each a hug.

I went back to the shower and found Mario dreamily sudsing himself up, gently stroking his cock. "Everyone is here!" I scolded, giving his dick a tug. He quickly jumped out and went into the bedroom to change. I had laid out specific clothes for him and specific instructions. He strolled out of the bedroom looking all GQ and shit...fuck...I caught my breath. He wore my favorite cologne, Le Male. He knows that shit makes me wet lol. I giggled. 

Everyone sat down to eat. The conversation was light and full of laughs as we all started getting a bit inebriated. I had gotten up quietly and lit some Incense that had Aphrodesiac qualities. Not that we needed any, LOL...the looks some of the women were giving him were searing. When everyone was sated, we moved into the living room and put really sexy sultry music. Several of the women got up and starting dancing with each other. Several of my colleagues are lovers as well so they were kissing and caressing each other. I got the show started when I felt the crackle of erotic energy in the room. 

"Baby," I said, in my silky sexy voice, "You look warm. Why don't you take your shirt off and become more comfortable? We are all friends here". Mario is a huge exhibitionist and he's incredibly sexy. Especially when he KNOWS he's being admired. He had the attention of every woman in that room. I leaned back, took a sip of my cognac and lit a cigar. One of the women glanced at me and I shrugged and gave a "It's my house" look. They were all too enthralled with the Magnificent Male animal to pay me too much attention anyway HA HA HA...

He slowly stripped down...a Glow about him as in our eyes, he transformed into Adonis. Adonis was said to be so incredibly handsome Demi-God that was conceived of a Princess of Syria. He sprang from a Myrrh tree and Aphrodite herself took him into her bed. Later he shared the bed of Persephone, the wife of the Dark Lord of the Underworld. He was fiercely fought over between the two Goddesses and became a Fertility God himself. He died in Aphrodite's arms, from a Wild Boar, sent from Athena, in a jealous rage. Adonis died in Aphrodite's arms, who came to him when she heard his groans.

When he died she sprinkled the blood with nectar, from which sprang the short-lived anemone, which takes its name from the wind which so easily makes its petals fall. And so it is the blood of Adonis that each spring turns to red the torrential river, the Adonis River.

The air was filled with his Divine Presence. He towered over us, in naked splendor. I could see shadows of Centaurs around him. There was a hush in the room as Marlo knelt, his Staff of Life pointing like Excalibur. Then he got on his hands and knees and bowed his handsome head, with his full head of dark wavy hair.

Each woman began to touch him as he crawled on his hands and knees in front of them. They petted him, stroked his Mane. Caressed his face. With a nod from me, all the women disrobed, filling the room with Female essence. The scent of musk and perfume was heavy in the air like the most delicious perfume on a summer day. One woman actually rode him for a turn around the room, holding onto his muscular shoulders. 

But I could see the Lust building in their eyes as they stroked him. He tugged at the chain around his neck that was in my hand to ask if he was allowed to let go without speaking a word.. I nodded. One woman had him stand up, and began to stroke his straining cock. He threw his head back and again looked at me. I stepped back into the shadows of what was now total candlelight. Another woman joined her and took his Man meat into her mouth with gentle kisses up and down the shaft. One got her paddle out and wacked him on his hard ass, causing him to jump. I got the camcorder ready. 

The lights blazed and he was center stage, full of Masculine Lust and power. He was covered with women. One woman had his entire length crammed down her throat and was moaning and cumming. One was licking his balls while another had her entire face crammed in his ass and was preparing to penetrate him with the anal beads. Another was sucking at his nipples and pinching them just the way he likes. He was playing with and sucking another one's beautiful bountiful breasts and finger banging another one's hot steaming shaved twat. And looking at me with the eyes of a child who received his favorite toy at Christmas. 

I regally took off all my clothes, making sure to leave my own nipple clamps on because I was enjoying the pinch. I was soaked and ready. I laid down on the coffee table that the women had thoughtfully padded with towels. And I opened my legs and prepared to receive his throbbing cock that had withstood all the erotic attention that my sisters had given him. He fell on top of me and thrust with all his might, all his love and adoration and gratitude at what I had given him, as they continued to kiss and caress him. 

"Fuck her, fuck her good!" they were cooing, "Make her cum!" "Fill her cunt!" "Look at her face!" I wrapped my legs around his waist as he took me to Mt Olympus...up to the clouds and the sky. I felt their lips on my lips, their tongues on my enormous breasts and their sweet caresses. We came together then, in waves and waves and it felt like the Tides of the Sea. 

They slipped gently out the front door, blowing kisses as we basked in the glow of our lovemaking. Then I told them I would see them all at our Coven meeting the next day and we went to bed. Fuck the damn dishes ...grins. ..

Xoxoxo sexynursechef