 This is my first submission so any hints or tips would be greatly appreciated.

Thanks.



I step out into the warm summer sun at London Bridge station in the heart of the city. Feeling people brush past me as they rushed off to work I looked up at the buildings that were looming around me, feeling smaller than I did back in my native suburbia, but happier for it. I looked around to get my bearings and headed off in pretty much the same direction as everyone else.

I was on my way to my first interview since leaving university, although I had not tried very hard to find a job. In reality all I had done was put my very limited CV up on a job website, to keep my parents happy, and then used the time I had over the summer to enjoy my twenty first birthday and hang out in the sun.

It took me fifteen minutes or so to walk to the offices of the mysterious PNC Ltd. They had offered me my interview out of the blue and I had found it to find any information on them. I knew that they had several factories and another set of offices in New York, but they were not traded on the stock market. The only thing I had really found out about the company was the address and that they dealt in plastics. Not a great start when you are going for an interview.

I found the large building easily enough, although it did not have any signs that identified it. That was slightly unusual for the centre of London, but I let the thought slip out of my mind as I walked inside.

"Hi. I've got an interview at PNC. I was told to ask for Mrs. Swanson," I told the well built security guard who was sitting at the front desk.

"Ok," he said in monotone, "You'll need to sign in." 

He placed a clip board and pen on top of his desk. I pulled it towards me and scribbled my signature down next to my name, which was already written down, and passed it back. The guard looked at the sheet, picked a card out of a draw and handed it to me.

"This card lets you access the lift and gets you into the parts of the building that you're allowed in. Only gets you into certain places so don't go wondering off too far. You'll be wanting the fifteenth floor. Any questions?"

"No. Cheers." He gave me a nod as I walked past his desk to the set of elevators that where behind him.

A standard looking swipe card reader was situated between two elevators. I swiped my card, watched one of the lights on the machine turn green and waited as the elevator door slide open.

Inside the elevator was pretty much like any other in the world except there was another card reader. After I hand put my card through all the floors light up. I pushed the button I wanted and lent back on the far wall.

I did not have to wait long for the elevator to reach the floor I wanted. As the open I was presented with a long office corridor. I strolled down the corridor with some pre-interview jitters. Soon I came upon a wider space with massive black double doors which loomed in front of me. "Mrs. Swanson, Chief Executive of Sales" was written into a large plaque above the door. To my right was a desk, this area was clearly a reception area but none of that registered with me.

I was staring at the women who sat behind the desk.

Her brunette hair flowed down to her shoulders, the light dancing her hair. She had the kindest face I had, and will ever see. Her blood red lips stood out against her pale skin, almost begging to be kissed. Her eyes were deep and dark. Looking into them I seemed to lose myself...

"Mr. Campbell?"

I had lost myself.

"Sorry," I stammered, "lost my head for a second there. Yes, I am Mr. Campbell."

"I'm Alice." Her voice seemed to sing, "Mrs. Swanson's secretary. I'll let her know your here."

"Thank you."

With that she picked up the phone on her desk. Waited a few seconds and then simple said, "He's here."

Putting the phone down, she pointed to the door.

"Go on in Mr. Campbell."

I nodded my head politely, trying to give my best smile, and moved towards the impressive doors. I expected them to be heavy but they were surprisingly light. The door swung open with easy.

I entered into a large office. The far wall was complete glass and gave an impressive view of the Thames. There were two desks inside, an imposing one in front of me and one small directly to my left. Behind the desk in the middle of the room was a classic office chair, facing the scenery. I could tell that it was occupied by the tidal wave of shimmer dark red that fell down the back of the chair.

"Yes, Mr. Kagoshima Maeda." The woman in the chair swung around. "I'll put my best man on it.... Nice to speak to you.... Sayonara."

She had strong feminine features. If the girl outside was the princess this woman was defiantly the queen, and a damn strong queen at that. As she put the phone down she looked up at me with emerald green eyes. Honestly I felt afraid. Her eyes where starring at me in such a strange way I could imagine her jumping across the wide gap between us and sink her teeth into me. If she had been a lioness in another life I not wanted to be her prey.

"Ah. Mr. Campbell" Her voice had an oddly soothing quality to it, although it did not put me at ease. "I'm glad to finally meet you. Did you find us okay?"

"Fine. Ma'am." The edge of her lips lifted into a small grin at that. I had not meant to call her "Ma'am". It just came out. Maybe it had something with the confidence or, more importantly the power which seem to radiate from this woman.

"Good. And your time at the University of Liverpool? How did you enjoy doing Physics?"

"I enjoyed my time there, Ma'am. But the Physics was more of challenge than I expected."

"Well, we should always look for challenges and rise to them when we can. And what about this summer? It must have been nice to have a break."

"It was very nice Ma'am, relaxing."

"That's wonderful. You should be all rested and good to go while work as my PA. The starting salary is £25,000 per annum with benefits. Is that okay with you?"

I could not believe it. My friends from university could not match that as a staring figure, not even the people that had passed with a first and not scarped through like I had.

"That's very generous Ma'am."

"You'll have to work hard to earn it though. Make no doubts about that."

"Of course Ma'am."

"Well before I give you the job out right I will employ you on a trial basis. You're first task is to find Mr. Kagoshima Maeda a personal liaison in our research and development department." She gestured over towards the other desk. "The computer behind you is all set up for you to use. Just enter your name and the password holly28hocks."

And that was that. I was left to my task. Mrs. Swanson had never ever bothered to ask if I wanted the job. But I guess that had been given away by the fact that I was there at all and my reaction to the amount of money I was being offered.

I booted up the computer that had been left on standby. The task I had been given was relatively simple although it left me thinking for myself, which was probably the whole point. I looked around the computer looking for anything that would give me an indication of who to talk to in the research department. Fortunately, in the e-mail program they had there were pictures as well as names. I filtered the list by department and by office and scanned through the pictures till I found what I was looking for. I needed someone who looked like they would be willing to help me out. I like to think of myself as a good judge of character but no one can tell what someone is like from a photo so I was taking a bit of a gamble. The girl I had found looked about the same age as me with sandy brown hair and lived in a slightly upmarket part of the city.

I wrote down a few things on a pad of paper that I found on my desk. I made sure to right down Mr. Kagoshima Maeda name and contact details which I had already found in the computer and walked out of the office with Mrs. Swanson eyes drilled into the back of my head.

Once outside her office I made sure the door was firmly shut.

"Alice. I wonder if you could do me a favour."

"Sure, Mr. Campbell"

"Please call me Michael. I'm too young to be a Mr." In truth Alice was all most certainly older than me by a few years. Around twenty five to twenty eight would have been my guess. "Could you tell me how to get to the research department?"

"Sure. That's easy. It's on the twelfth floor."

"Thanks." I walked down the corridor towards the elevator. I heard her pick up the phone and wonder if the line only went into the office or not.

Once inside the elevator I hit the button for the twelfth floor. The doors open to a floor that looked pretty much like any other office in the world, a large number of cubicles with private offices on the outside.

I looked around for someone that did not look too busy. Finding someone I walked over.

"Excuse me?"

"Yes?" The man I had spoken to looked up at me with an irate glace.

"Do you know where I could find Rebecca Greenwood?"

He simple pointed off the back left corner of the room.

"What has she done now?" I looked up to see the women in the next cubical looking at me inquisitively, clearly after some office gossip.

"Nothing. I just need a favour off her." This made the woman's eye brows raise, "I'm Mrs. Swanson new PA." I explained.

This seems to slate the woman's interest.

"Well, if you need any other favours I'm Rachel," She said with a wink and sat back down.

The man I had asked for direction was completely ignoring me so I walked off in the direction he had pointed.

As I approached the far side of the room I was beginning to wonder if I had been sent over here just to get rid of me when I found the office I was looking for. 

I knocked and hear someone say, "Come in." from inside the office. I open the door, which swung with a creek.

The woman inside was probably about twenty three, although I have never been very good at guess ages. She had sandy blonde hair ringing a girl next door fancy. Her light blue eyes, which were looking me up and down, were surrounded by glasses. In ten or fifteen years she might look like a hot librarian, but defiantly not at the moment.

"Hi. Rebecca?" I did not wait for a reply, "I'm Michael, Mrs. Swanson new PA. I was wondering if you could help me with something."

"You're in luck. I could do with a break anyhow." She stretched back from her computer, stretching out her arms and exposing her ample chest. "What do you need?"

"Okay. Have you heard of Mr. Kagoshima Maeda? He's one of the company's biggest clients."

"We don't really deal with clients down her. We do all the geeks stuff."

"I appreciate that. Thing is he's always asking questions that we can't answer. We could always ask you but that would take time and as he's an important customer we want to keep him as happy as possible." Most of this was pretty close to lies. I had not spoken to the man but Mrs. Swanson had asked me to do a job and I did not want to disappoint. "I was hoping that you would be kind enough to get in contact with him and answer his questions. It should only be an e-mail or two a week."

"What's in it for me?"

"We'll I'd be very grateful and I'm sure Mrs. Swanson would be as well."

"Doesn't really help me, I don't work in your department."

"What do you want then?" I had not really expected to have to bargain, I thought I would either get a yes or be shot down straight away.

"Hm." As she though she picked up a pencil and began chewing on the end. For such a bad habit she made it look remarkable cute. 

"Dinner," she finally announced, "Tomorrow night. I chose where, you pay the bill."

It did not seem to be a big price when it meant that I would get a new job out of it. The fact it was with such a pretty girl was quite appealing as well.

I slide the paper where I had written Mr. Kagoshima Maeda detail down across the page.

"Meet me in lobby downstairs tomorrow after work at six."

"I will see you there," I said with a smile, "If you keep up your side of the bargain."

On my way back to Mrs. Swanson's office I could not help but smile, it had been quite a day so far, a new job and a date, and I had been asked for once. I doubt there had been many more productive days in history.

"What's got you so happy?" Alice asked as I walked past her heading towards Mrs. Swanson's office.

"Nothing really," I lied, "Today has just been a good day." At least the last part was the truth.

"It's only half over." She said this with an odd twinkle in her eye and a charming little smirk.

I pushed through the door into Mrs. Swanson's office to see her working at her laptop. There was a soft buzzing coming from somewhere. I presumed it was from her laptop.

"Did you sort everything out?"

"Yes Ma'am," said with pride, "I've had someone down in the research department get in contact with Mr. Kagoshima Maeda so they can answer all his questions."

"Good. That should help us out." Her face turned from stern busy to a more cheerful smile, actually now that I think about it, more of a mischievous smile. "Come around here. I need you to help me with something."

I walked round, naively thinking she needed help with something on her computer. As I turned the corner of her desk it became very clear that she did not have anything on below her waist one hand down between her legs. I stopped dead. If someone had pushed me I would have fallen over.

"Like what you see." She whispered seductively as she swivelled her chair round so I could have a better look. Her hand still blocked herself but I could tell that she was holding a small pink vibrator up to her clit.

"This thing does not seem to be doing the job," she said lifting up the vibrator revealing her seductively dark pussy. "Think your tongue could do any better."

"Yes." My brain was being to reboot itself.

"You should show more respect when you talk to your boss." Her fingers now beckoning to me.

"Yes Ma'am." I managed to put one foot forward. Close enough for her to reach me.

"That's better." She reached up and took hold of my tie, pulling me down. I went down on one knee at which point she place a hand on the top of my head, pushing me down further. I gulped in air for what felt like the first time in five minutes. Her essence filled my lungs. It was thick in the air.

I placed my hands just above her knees, enjoying the silkiness of her smooth unblemished skin. With one final push she easy my head down so my nose was just above the hood of her clit. I stretched my neck forward and licked up from the top of her pussy all the way down. She tasted salty but there was an after taste of sweetness which intoxicated me further.

I use my tongue to search this inside of her lips. Moving up and down, investigating as much as possible I was being spurred on by the quite moans coming from above. Mrs. Swanson's breathing, which had first been unsteady, had become sharp and shallow but regular like she knew what to expect.

I reached my next up looking for her clit with my tongue, when I found it I brought my lips around it and began to suck. This brought a sharp intake of breathe from Mrs. Swanson. Most of the girls I had gone down on would have cum by now but Mrs. Swanson was older and would take more time. I did not mind waiting.

As I stopped sucking on Mrs. Swanson clit I felt a cool breeze across my hard cock. I began to look down between my legs. This movement away from Mrs. Swanson's dripping pussy brought a playful but firm slap across the top of my head.

"You have not finished." I went back to the job at hand and once again began to explore Mrs. Swanson's inner folds. Whoever was between my legs then went a step further as I felt myself engulfed by a warm wet sensation. This made me physically stretch and moan into Mrs. Swanson.

She let a sly chuckle, "Alice really is good."

If it were possible for a brain to melt I am sure mine would have been dribbling out of my ears. I felt like I was in a dream.

This did not stop me taking full advantage though as I strained the whole top half my body to push my tongue as deep into my new boss as possible. Alice had now begun licking all over my cock, giving extra attention to my head which was pulsating. Her pace seemed to be designed to get me to the edge and keep me there.

I could feel my body begin to ready itself so I decided to try and speed things up with Mrs. Swanson. I stroked one of my hands up her inner thigh. While I directed my tongue's attention back towards her clit. I stroked my index finger around her slit to make it more lubricated before slowing pushing my finger inside. Moving my finger around I looked out for when her breathing pattern seemed to alter. I found what I was looking for with more easily than I had expected, and a few smooth circular rubs caused Mrs. Swanson to take a long drag of air. As she began to breathe out I lightly bit her clit while using my tongue to massage the top of it. My fingers increased their pace. 

Alice seemed to be keeping the attention she was paying to me in rhythm with Mrs. Swanson's moans of pleasure. 

Mrs. Swanson's hips began to buckle, slowly at first. I removed my fingers and moved returned my tongue to her open slit. As I probed as far as I could I felt her pussy contact and her hips lifted up into my face. I tasted heaven as her pussy juiced flowed sweetly into my mouth. Alice reduced her efforts on my raging member as I drank down the last of Mrs. Swanson's cum. 

"Up," was the instruction as I finished. I stood up Alice pulled off my suit jacket and shirt. She stoked a hand down my toned chest. I could feel her bare breast pushing into my back as I step out of my trousers and shoes.

I was left standing before my boss completely naked and with my pulsing member standing to attention desperate to be let lose. My co-worker was still stroking my muscular upper body paying particular attention my biceps.

"Looks like you could use some relief." Mrs. Swanson said with a smile as she ran a finger along the underside of my cock. "I think Alice will help you out if you ask kindly enough."

I felt Alice slide herself around me making sure her naked body stayed in contact with mine. I turned my head to look into those deep beautiful eyes.

"Alice. Would you please help me?" I felt hopeless.

"Of course I will Michael." She said this with such glee I was taken aback. She leaned forwards, giving me a kiss that felt full with lust and desire. She slid backwards onto the desk behind her before spreading her legs to expose her own pink pussy. I step forward as she reached out to grab my cock and pull it towards her.

"Don't worry. Watching you with Mrs. Swanson has got me really turned on." I did not really need much encouragement as I entered. Her warmth seemed to drag me in further and when I was deep inside her I leaned forward and returned her kiss.

I began to move my cock backwards and forwards looking for a rhythm she enjoyed. I felt Mrs. Swanson's presence behind me.

"She likes in rough," she whispered into my ear encouragingly, "Just let go." I felt something inside of me build up, an animal instinct that I had either lost or ignored for too long. My pace quickened and Alice let out a small groan, which turned into a growl as my body took over. I reached up and grasped one of her perky breast into my hand before taking her erected nipple in my mouth.

"Yes. Fuck me Michael. Fuck my cunt." Alice scream was so loud it echoed off the walls.

This pushed me over the edge. My whole body tensed as my cock fired wave after wave of cum into Alice.

I slumped to my knees in an exhausted bliss.

"We have made quite as mess." Mrs. Swanson spoke like a disappointed teacher. "And Alice does not seem satisfied."

I looked up at Alice. Her head was at angle as if she was wondering what I would do next, while her face had a glow to it from the rush of blood to her skin. Cum, my cum was beginning to drip out of her pussy.
