 Lisa arranges a hot little surprise for Mario with her lover, the Stripper, of the Stripper and the Chef series.

"Baby," drawled the Chef as she lay in the strong and virile arms of her Italian lover, "Will you make some of your pasta with that hot Italian sausage I like tonight for us three?"

Mario arched his expressive thick eyebrows as he asked, amused, "WHO am I feeding tonight?" Lisa grinned and explained that her friend and lover, the Stripper Brittni was flying in on her dime to spend a Spa weekend and meet the Italian Stallion who her friend always gushed about. Lisa had gone out and bought some really nice Chianti from her latest trip to Italy and she knew it always put Mario in a horny mood. They were back under each other's spell and she decided to spice things up. 

Brittni met them at the airport. She was sooo tanned and toned and squealed when she saw the two of them. They all hugged and clung to each other. Mario smiled to himself as he took in the young stripper, hot ripped body. He could certainly see why Lisa enjoyed fucking the young girl with every toy she had. He dropped them off at the Spa where they got facials and Mani/Pedi's. Brittni was complaining about her boyfriend, Shane. He was always too busy, she said...they barely had time to have sex...especially with her student schedule. Lisa smiled lazily at her and mentioned that Mario gave AMAZING massages...so erotic, in fact, that he would make her cum on a regular basis just by rubbing her body. Brittni's eyes lit up at the thought of that, even as her beautiful blue eyes glazed with lust at the Chef's 42DD perfectly shaped breasts. They gathered their things as Mario showed up in the Rolls with Champagne. 

The ladies luxuriated in the back of the car as Mario drove back home. "Are you hungry?" asked Lisa, as she savored the enticing smell of Mario's homemade gravy. Brittni shook her head and with her sexy little kitten smile mentioned that she heard that the Italian Stallions massages were orgasmic. "Well, darlin'," smiled the Chef as she tilted her head in a signal to Mario that he should follow them to the bedroom. "I'm sure SOMEONE in this house could make you cum"...giggles... 

Both the Stripper and the Chef both stripped down to their bras and panties. Lisa was dressed in a Cheetah and black lace print and her huge jugs were bulging out of it. Brittni's more petite form had on an aqua print with little white daisies. Brittni, of course, having a foot fetish stuck her foot in Mario's hands, daring him with her saucy little smile to suck her toes. Lisa cradled Brittni in her arms, kissing her lightly on the mouth while gently caressing her tits. Mario began to rub Brittni's feet and Lisa trailed her fingers down the young girl's cleavage, moving the fabric aside to tease her blossoming nipple. 

Brittni moaned as she took Lisa's huge fantastic boobs in her hands then moaned as Mario's talented hands reached her 6-pack abs. Lisa took her blue bra off and moved her long fingers into Brittni's panties. With his sensual caresses and Lisa's wet fingers making circles on her clit, Brittni began to cum. Moaning low in her throat, her hips started jerking and Lisa nodded to Mario to pull her panties down and start licking her pussy. Her tiny little mermaid lips were quivering like an exquisite butterfly. Lisa expertly licked her finger and inserted it in Brittni's twat as she undressed. Mario was enjoying the taste of sexy kitten as Lisa started touching herself and pulling gently on his engorged cock. 

"C'mon baby... let me have a taste," Lisa growled as she saw the Stripper's beautiful little Labia spread out, tiny little folds begging for the touch of her mouth. Lisa darted her tongue in and out of Brittni's hole as Mario rubbed both of their Clits. She flipped Brittni on her hands and knees and crawled underneath of her, spreading her legs wide. Mario spread Brittni's asshole wide and put his hot satiny tongue inside her rectum as Lisa licked her clit and spread her cunt lips open, slipping her jelly cock along her lips. 

"Doesn't that hot tongue feel incredible?" the sexy Nurse Chef asked the Stripper. 

"Oh, oh oh," Brittni moaned as she watched Mario go from eating her ass to just gobbling up the Banquet of the Chef's incredibly beautiful pussy. He alternated between licking and sucking Lisa's clit to fucking Brittni's ass with his tongue. He picked up Brittni and put her against the satin pillows, still on her hands and knees as he plunged into her. Lisa was sucking on her firm tits and rubbing her clit as Brittni started screaming with pleasure. Brittni frantically kissed Lisa's red lips as he rode her with the slow undulating hip thrusts that his Chef enjoyed so well. 

Lisa then crawled out from underneath her and got her anal beads out. Brittni's asshole was wet and shiny and aroused from Mario's oral ministrations. Brittni was bouncing up and down on Mario's rock hard cock as Lisa inserted the beads into her ass. With the vibrations of the beads and the Stallion's unbelievable fucking skills, the Stripper was cumming like she had never cum in her life. She squirted all over Mario's cock as he pulled out of her and Lisa quickly deep throated all that delicious girl-juice off him. The women took turns licking and sucking him as he inserted his glistening cock into the Russian Witch's pussy. 

Suddenly Mario took over. "Get down there and lick her clit while I fuck her, Britt," he ordered in his rich baritone voice. Lisa cried out in bliss as she felt the double stimulation of his cock dancing in her pussy and the Stripper's tongue moving in tiny circles over her swollen clitoris. Mario and Brittni each took one of Lisa's tits in their mouths and suckled them the way that they both KNEW she liked. And the Chef was cumming...in waves, cumming...in every part of her body as Mario locked eyes with her and started to make the tell-tale signs that he was close. Brittni watched in wide-eyed wonder as he started to shake and hiss and whinny. She alternated between sucking his cock and Lisa's pussy as he thrust..and thrust...and thrust...

With a sudden jerk, he managed to spray BOTH their pussies with his Rich Italian Gelato and the women's quims were covered in jizz. And like the gentleman he was, he completely cleaned both their pussies with his tongue and gave them BOTH another orgasm with his mouth as they collapsed in his muscular arms. He cuddled with both of them as he poured them a glass of Chianti from the bottle sitting by the bed. 

"Celebrate the moments of your life," snickered Lisa as she turned off the camera and settled down with her lovers for the night.

~sexynursechef~ with PROPS to Brittni4u!