 *** Author's Note: This is not a new story or a re-write. I realized that when I posted this story the italics and bolds were removed. I am reposting it because I feel that removing these marks takes away from the feel of the story. Again please vote and feel free to leave a comment. ***

The Ad:

Amy Beijar nudged the door shut with her foot as she rifled through the mail she had grabbed on her way up to her apartment. Bill, bill, bill, final notice. Damn she thought, I have thirty days to move out. This on top of my student bills was bad, but with me losing my job today because of that bitch at work made it much worse. Wouldn't do much good asking for an extension. That old biddy wouldn't let her own mother stay one second passed the rent being due. Well just gonna have to find a new job and a new place to live, because I am not going back home nor back to the dorm. Amy threw the rest of the mail on the table and turned to head back out the door. She brushed her long blonde hair out of her face as she reached for the doorknob. 

Motion on her right stopped her for a moment as she turned to look into the full-length mirror on the wall next to the door. Golden blonde hair framed a heart shaped face before falling down to the top of her ass. Eyes the blue-green of a cresting wave on a bright summer day peered down a pert, slightly upturned, nose. Full red lips set above a cute little chin. Dimples were reveled every time she broke into a broad grin, which she did constantly. Her eyes traveled further down to where 36D breasts pushed out her college t-shirt. Perched high on her chest, the low neck line of her shirt showed a modest expansion of cleavage. Though not visible now, she knew that when excited her nipples would poke through her bra and shirt, becoming fairly obvious to anyone looking. And they did look, both men and women would follow her as she walked down the street, the hall, or through the Quad. It wasn't just her chest people stared at either. Turning slightly Amy glanced at her ass and legs. She always felt she had big hips but could never complain about her firm ass cheeks. Those nice cheeks flowed into soft but taunt thighs. Volleyball and swimming had kept her in a toned but not over muscular physique. With a sigh and a toss of her hair, Amy left her apartment to go job hunting. 

Holding the newspaper and classifieds under her arm, Amy struggled to get the key in the door. From inside she could hear the phone ringing. Throwing the papers on the table on top of the mail from this morning, she picked up the handset and hit talk.

"Hello," she answered.

"Hey sexy, busy tonight?" Hearing Brad's voice always sent a shiver through her body. His was a deep sensual voice to match his movie star good looks. The all- American football hero look fit him well. 

"A little, I have to find another job." As she talked on the phone she was kicking off her shoes and flipping them toward her bedroom. The small one bedroom apartment meant that everything was within easy throwing distance. 

"What? Did you quit? Its about time, I always thought you were wasting your time at that place."

"No I didn't quit! That bitch Ginny convinced the manager that I was hitting on customers and setting up dates afterwards, and you know his rules. Didn't even give me a chance to tell my side of it."

"Well you were not making much money and it is better that you are out of there. I never did understand why you wanted to work in an adult toy store."

"I have told you before that my reasons are MY reasons," she shot back as she thought about the collection she had amassed while employed there. Brad had never seen them, didn't even know they existed. The one and only time she brought up using dildos during their sex Brad had reacted very negatively asking if he wasn't good enough on his own. Then proceeded to try and prove he didn't need assistance from some battery operated piece of plastic. Key word there is TRY, she mused. Bless his soul he had a magnificent cock, but he sure didn't know how to use it, or his tongue. But those eight inches that she could barely fit her fingers around was the reason she was still with him.

"Tell you what, I have this thing I have to do with the guys, but we should be done by 7:30-8:00. That will give you a few hours to look in the paper, make a few calls then I can take you out to eat and maybe catch a movie?"

"Sure, that will be fine. See ya then." She hit the end button and set it back in its cradle. Figuring on taking a shower now and give her hair time to dry while looking through the papers, Amy began to strip as she headed toward the bathroom. Catching sight of the mirror over the sink, she once again paused to study herself. Even without the bra's support her breasts didn't sag. Areolas the size of half-dollars circled thick nipples that when hard stood out half an inch or more. Working out and some lucky genes gave her big but perky tits. Looking down she followed the slope of her tummy to the thick patch of hair just above her shaved pussy lips. Almost twice as wide as the popular "landing strip" cut, the hair was downy soft and a darker blonde than the hair on her head. She turned on the water and adjusted the temperature before stepping into the shower stall. The apartment was so small it didn't even have a bathtub, just this barely big enough standing shower.

With a towel wrapped around her head, Amy used a second to dry herself off then grabbed the papers off the table and plopped down on the couch and began to skim through them. Between part time, experience needed, and the low starting pay it sure isn't a worker's market. Wait a second...

 Wanted: Live in maid/part-time cook

 Room and board plus negotiable spending money.

 Please call to setup an appointment.

 Room and board plus spending money. That would kill two birds with one stone. She snatched up the phone as she glanced at the clock. It was still within the set hours to call. After three rings a cheerful female voice answered.

"Hello, this is Nancy. Are you calling about the ad in the paper?"

"Yes I am, could I ask a couple of question I had Nancy?"

"Sure, but could I get your name first and which paper you saw the ad in please?"

Amy told Nancy her name and the name of the classifieds she found the ad in. Then she ran off a few of the questions that had popped in her head as she was reaching for the phone.

"First, where is the house located?"

Nancy gave the name of a neighborhood on the better side of town. It would place her an added six or so miles away from her college. 

"Second, what would the duties be?"

"Cleaning house and cooking a meal two or three days out of the week. You will get one day of the week off. As long as the job is done the rest of the time will be your own as well."

" OK and what did it mean about a negotiable spending money?"

"Depending on what other extra duties and odd jobs you take on the boss is willing to pay out extra for them. An extra night of cooking, odd errands around town things like that."

"The boss? Aren't you the woman of the house?" Amy was puzzled as to why Nancy answered the phone if she wasn't the woman hiring her.

"Oh no ma'am," Nancy answered with a chuckle. "I work for a temp agency and the boss and his wife hired me to be secretary for this ad."

"They hired a temp, to take calls about an ad for a live in maid?"

"Well the live in maid is just one of the ads they have out. I think there are three openings in the boss's household that they are trying to fill."

"And what are the other two may I ask?" Amy was getting really curious now about this 'Boss'.

"Sure, one is a Personal Assistant and the other is a chauffeur. The PA pays more but the chauffeur. and the maid get room and board."

Chauffeur? Personal Assistant? Just what kind of household are we talking here? These thoughts tumbled through her mind as she setup an interview for the next day. She was told that if she wanted to apply for the chauffeur. position she would need to bring her drivers license and have a clean driving history. 

"And what would I need if I wanted to apply for the PA?"

"Oh the boss is leaving that one open. Says it gives him a wider playing field to find someone that he can click with."

"For a temp you seem quite comfortable with this 'Boss' of yours?" there was a note of a question in her voice.

"I have been here three days and have found him to be one of the easiest people I have ever worked for in my years as a temp. Very outgoing sort of person."

"Well that is good to hear just in case I get the job." Wrapping up the call by repeating the address she would need show up at, Amy hung up and looked at the clock, 6:20pm. Still enough time to skim some more through the ads. 

All in all, by the time 7:10 rolled around she had only made three more calls and setup just two other appointments, both for later in the week. Getting up she went into her room and started getting dressed. Pair of lacy panties with a matching bra, the bright white coloring setting of her tanned skin. She slipped on a green button up blouse with the top two buttons undone, showing a fair amount of flesh. A pair of khaki capris finished the outfit. She wasn't dressed to kill but she would still turn heads tonight. Grabbing her keys she walked out to meet Brad out front.

The door made a loud bang as she forcefully slammed it behind her. Why did such a great piece of cock-meat have to be attached to such an arrogant inconsiderate asshole? Dinner was great, little mom and pop steakhouse with good food and pleasant waiters. The movie blowed, they left with over half the movie to go. With it still being early the drove out to their favorite necking spot. Things heated up more than expected. She finally had enough teasing and had fished his cock out of his pants. She loved wrapping her lips around that fuck-tube. She drove him up the wall, bringing him close just to back off before he blew. After doing this two or three times they moved to back seat. And then it happened. Instead of returning the favor, Brad just climbed on top and stroked himself into her. She was OK with it but after only a half dozen or so thrusts he slammed into her and began to shoot off. Even that didn't make her angry because she enjoyed the feeling of cum blasting onto her pussy walls. Really quick of the trigger tonight. But did he have to immediately start getting dressed again and talking about getting home to meet up with his friends? What about me? I got just excited enough to start getting into it and then nothing. The fucker even had the nerve to ask what was wrong when I wouldn't talk to him on the way home and got mad when I wouldn't kiss him good night when he dropped me off.

While the memories of the night ran through her head, Amy was stripping off her clothes and heading for her toy box. Pulling out her favorite she giggled at a stray thought. It might not be as big as Brad, but at least it won't stop until I am satisfied! With toy in hand she moved to the bed. Laying back with her head propped up, she grabbed one of her many throw pillows. Lifting up, she placed it underneath her ass, thrusting her pussy up. Bringing the vibrator to her lips and slowly started to kiss and lick the flesh colored plastic. Taking it into her mouth and hitting the back of her throat, she coated it with her saliva. Once it was good and slick she removed it with an audible "pop". Switching it on low, she placed the tip against the skin right above her clit. In small circles, she brought it down until it hit the hood hiding her pleasure button. The tingling vibrations sent shivers up her spine as she applied more pressure. Her other hand came down and with two fingers pulled back the flesh surrounding her clit. With the frustration of the misfired sex in the car building her anticipation, she came just as soon as the tip hit her button directly. Keeping it in contact with her clit she brought her other hand back up and started to pinch and pull on her left nipple. The slight pain was able to prolong her orgasm, leaving her slightly breathless once the shudders subsided. Flicking it on high she moved the dildo further down to her now wet and engorged lips. With a single thrust she was able to bury half of it inside her. Pulling out slowly, she paused with just the tip inside her, then pushed it back in, not stopping until her hand holding the base hit her lips. A few more such slow then hard thrusts caused her pussy walls to clamp down on the pleasing intruder as her second release of the night hit her. Again her other hand was pulling on a nipple to extend her pleasure. After the convulsions settled to a stop she rolled onto her side in the fetal position breathing deeply to calm herself down. Once she was completely recovered from number two she started over, striving for number three. Before she fell asleep that night she managed to bring herself off twice more. With the vibrator turned off, but still buried deep inside, she dropped off to sleep thinking about how she was gonna tell Brad it was over. Her last thought before unconsciousness rolled over her was how much she was gonna miss that beautiful cock.

The alarm woke her at 7 am. Reaching to turn it off she felt her toy shift inside her. The movement brought back memories of the night before. With a wistful smile she grabbed the base of the vibrator and flicked it on low. Using long slow strokes she gave herself a mild orgasm to start the day. After cleaning up her toy she headed to the bathroom to shower. Once there she washed off last nights and this mornings mess. Rubbing her nether lips with the rag sent tingles up her spine, so she tossed it a side and started rubbing her clit directly. The hot water cascading over her sensitive nipples helped prolong the sudden release. As she came down from her orgasmic high, she finished showering and turned off the water. 

Drying off as she walked toward her closet, Amy tried to decide how she was going to dress for the day. Hmm. Should I go sexy, business, or casual? If it was a male interviewing me, sexy would help. Even if it was a woman, it might still help, then again it might hurt too. Casual is just that, casual; I want to present a relaxed but competent front. She settled on a white button up blouse with a scooped neck. With the right bra it showed cleavage, but not too much. The dark blue skirt she took down was knee length but split on the sides to mid-thigh. Pulling open her top drawer she pondered what kind of panties to wear with it. She finally picked up a white thong whose front patch of cloth was almost transparent. She ended the ensemble with a pair of white thigh highs and white pumps. 

Freshly showered and dressed for the day, Amy noticed that she still had a little over an hour before the interview. Figuring early was better than late, she grabbed her purse and headed out the door. She had a driver's licenses but being a poor college kid she didn't own a car. The local metro service was great though. Climbing up the steps she swiped her bus pass and went to find a seat. The bus wasn't very crowded this early in the morning, so she was able to find a completely open seat. Amy threw her purse on the seat and plopped down beside it. Looking around she noticed the woman sitting across the aisle.

An interesting mix of genes produced a stunningly pretty woman. She was about an inch or two shorter than Amy's five foot nine inches, though hard to determine with her sitting down. She had oriental coloring; black hair, dusky skin, and dark eyes, but didn't appear to be as small or lanky as most Orientals. Her hair was feathery light, hanging around her face, barely brushing her shoulders. The slightly canted eyes had a mischievous spark in them. A thin aristocratic nose sloped down to a full set of lips. Her breasts looked to be a 34 or 36C and were perched high on her chest with gravity defying firmness. The hard tips suggested no bra under the blue t-shirt she wore tucked into blue jean shorts. The shorts were tight and ended about mid-thigh, showing ample acreage of well-toned flesh. Strong calves suggested a runner or skater. White ankle socks disappeared into blue sneakers.

Nnniiiccceee, Amy thought, almost licking her lips. Very nice, it has been a while too. That was another thing she had never brought up with Brad, especially after that night with Karen. 

It had been at a get together after a football game few months ago. Her, Brad and a few of his teammates with their girlfriends were just chilling out at one of their houses. Karen had been dating one of the Defensive Backs but he didn't show up at the party. Being in a few of the same classes she decided to hang out with Amy and Brad. Amy had been attracted to Karen from the first time she saw her in class, and had been testing the waters to see if she partied her way. She figured tonight would be able to put a yes or no on that question. 

Brad had been hanging with his friends while Amy and Karen had been talking on the couch. The talk between them was light and giggly, their manner open and friendly. Karen kept reaching out and laying a hand on Amy's arm or thigh while she laughed. When she did she would leave it there just a bit longer than necessary. Often rubbing a little before lifting away. Amy realized that Karen was flirting and felt herself moisten with arousal. Each new touch sent bolts of pleasure through her body. Just as she was about to start flirting and touching in return a voice intruded on them. 

"Trying to pick up my girlfriend, Karen?"

Amy looked up to see Brad standing there with a beer in his hand and a disgusted look on his face.

"Well good luck, Amy doesn't go that way and you can't offer her what I can." This was said with a subtle thrust of his hips, drawing the eye to bulge in his jeans. Grabbing Amy's hand he pulled her to her feet. "Come on honey, I am ready to go."

One the ride to his house he launched into a tirade about lesbians. When she mentioned bisexuals he answered, "wishy-washy people that can't make up their mind." She was quiet for the rest of the ride. 

Coming back to the here and now, Amy realized that that night was the beginning of the end for her and Brad. She was enjoying the sex, but couldn't live with out the gentle touch of a woman. Brad was just not adventurous enough in the bedroom to match up with her wilder side. Maybe when she broke it off with Brad she would look Karen up and see what she was doing. She glanced back over to the Oriental beauty across the way. Dark brown eyes met hers and there was a spark of interest in them. The dark-haired girl gave Amy a once over, not hiding her actions. She glanced up with a small smile and then settled her eyes back down again. Looking down Amy noticed her skirt had bunched up when sitting down and now showed the a small strip of skin above her thigh highs. Jerking her head up she found the stranger looking straight into her eyes. What she found there made her nipples harden and moisture to began gathering at the junction of her legs. The bus lurched to a stop and Amy realized that it was time for her to get off. On impulse she reached into her purse for pen and paper, jotted down her name and cell phone number and handed it to the dark-haired beauty before hurrying off the bus. 

Reading the directions Nancy gave her last night, Amy walked two blocks north of the bus stop to a small building on the corner. The sign above the door offered office space to rent by the week, with temp secretaries included. Inside was a single desk in a room with half a dozen doors leading off of it. Behind the desk sat a middle-aged woman in a conservative dress suit. She looked up with a smile as Amy walked in.
