 Considering the second installment took three years, the fact that this one was done in only a year is a cause for celebration. I would suggest dusting off the first two chapters if you're interested in finding who's who, as that's where the majority of the character development took place. This submission finds us on the afternoon of the second day, and is basically about sex. 




After coming in first by finishing last for my squad in the Tredo blow job event, wherein the fabulous Triplets each sucked-off a team of three guys, I went for a run. It wasn't a great run, it wasn't a good run. Probably not even a run, more like a trot. 

About a half mile from returning to the Johnson house I heard the faint patter of someone coming up behind me. Glancing back I saw that it was Amanda, a bubbly young woman I met this morning. She had spent the night with my cottage-mate Renee, being initiated to the fine art of muff diving from one of the Johnson's regulars.

"Hey," she said catching up to me.

"Hey." 

Amanda couldn't be much more than 25-years old. Her golden hair tied back, she wore tight running shorts and a hot pink sports bra, the material of which strained against hope of controlling her C-cup implants as she trotted along side me. 

"You're MaryBeth's boyfriend, right?"

"Boyfriend's a stretch," I said in between gasps. "We're just acquaintances. It's kind of a long story."

"No, I get it. I really don't like the guy who brought me here either. But he did these for free," Amanda said, swiping her hand in front of her chest like she was presenting a product at a trade show. 

I glanced over and immediately became transfixed on her tits. They seemed to move up and down in slow-motion as she jogged, a mental throwback to Bo Derek running on the beach in the movie 10.

"Plus, he's my boss," she said, snapping me out of my boob induced trance. 

"Who?"

"The guy who did my boobs. I work for a plastic surgeon, but he's kind of a goof, not my type."

"Oh, yeah, well, I didn't say I didn't like MaryBeth, it's just nothing special. But it sounds like you've got a great sexual harassment suit," I said, panting, and trying to keep my attention at eye level. 

"Hardly, I jumped at the chance to come here after he explained, like, what was going to go on. I mean, like who doesn't like to fuck strangers every now and then," Amanda said as a matter of fact, and took off in a sprint.

This young generation is definitely different. I watched her ass sway in a tight formation as she headed to the estate. A minute or two later I caught up to her. She was leaning seductively against a wall, and slowly bending over to stretch her hamstrings. When she righted herself, her chest popped out like bread from a toaster. 

"I ran cross-country in high school, back when I didn't even have an A-cup. Still getting used to running with these things," she said. "Hey, do you want to see them?"

"Did this morning, they're wonderful," I said, still panting, somewhat taken back by her direct tack. 

"That's right, I sorta remember, but you didn't feel them, did you?

"Unfortunately, no, I wasn't afforded the opportunity."

"Oh, do you, like, wanna feel them now?"

"Sure, who wouldn't?" 

One thing was certain; this girl loved her new breasts. I reached up to squeeze, but was cut off.

"Not here, not that way, silly. Let's get somewhere where you can give them a real feel, without anything covering them," Amanda said, and she grabbed my hand and we trotted off, her giggling like a school girl, me grinning like the horn dog I am. 

We ran into the house via a side door, down a hall and into a nicely appointed gym.

"Come on, let's go in here," she said, and we ducked into a sauna. 

"Before I got these things nobody looked at me twice," she said, removing her sports bar to reveal a pair of gorgeous breasts. Had I not know they were implants I may have been fooled, same as MaryBeth's. Whoever this guy was, he did really, really good work. "But now, not only do people look at me; they all want to fuck me. Thing is, I want to fuck them too. These boobs have turned me into a slut."

"Turned you, or brought out the one that was lingering," I said.

"Yeah, maybe that." Amanda took my hand and placed it on her right breast, squeezing her palm around my fingers. She let out a slight moan as I moved across her nipple, and bit down on her lower lip as I worked my other hand around her left breast. We were both hot and sweaty from our run, and the temperature in the sauna stoked us up even more. 

Amanda spoke first, "Can I fuck you?"

"Yes you can." 

I dragged my sweat-sopped shirt over my head, and laid it down on the fiery redwood bench. Amanda peeled off her shorts, revealing a matted-down tuft of blonde pubes.

"Let me do this," she said, pulling on my shorts. 

Amanda maneuvered the band over my lengthening penis, tossed my shorts to the floor and pushed me onto my back. She was above me in a flash, and quickly guided my dick to the outer folds of her tepid pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh," Amanda softly moaned, as she calmly lowered herself on me. It was hotter inside her than in the sauna, and I was gradually engulfed in her sweltering young body. "Mmmmmmmm, you feel so good inside me."

Her pussy squeezed and released my cock as she rocked back and forth, and gentle whispers of pleasure emanated from her lips. She grabbed my hands and placed them on her breasts. She again pressed hers onto mine, and we jointly massaged her fantastic boobs.

"Oh, oh, oh, ohh, ohhhh," she sighed in a cadence of sexual delight. "Ohh, ohhh, ohhh, oh god, oh god, ohh, ohhh my godddd."

Her breath through pursed lips deepened, and Amanda lowered her hands to the bench on either side of my shoulders for leverage. Her eyes were closed, and she looked the entire world like a woman deep in concentration. I watched a drop of sweat slide down the bridge of her nose; drop off the tip and onto my crest. 

"Ohhhhh god, oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh." 

A mini-quake ran through Amanda, and warm juices spilled out of her and over me. She suddenly stopped and opened her eyes. 

"Oh wow, I just came," she said with a deep sigh. Hesitantly she asked, "Did you? Did you come too?"

"No, not yet."

"Oh, sorry," she sheepishly apologized as she gazed down upon me." Can we do it some more?" 

The youthful innocence was refreshing from this newly mined nymphomaniac. I smiled, and said, "I'd love to do it some more."

"Good. My knees are kind of tender. Let's stand up and you can do me from behind. I like it that way, too."

While the majority of this weekend's attendees were a bit more, let's say mature, in good shape but somewhat soft around the edges, Amanda was a flat-out hard body. Nibble, athletic, and energetic. We repositioned ourselves, and Amanda bent over at ninety-degrees from the waste. She grabbed the bench with one hand, and fed me into her with another. 

"Mmmmmmm. This feels really, really good," Amanda said. "I do love to fuck."

We started to move, and the sounds of skin smacking skin—my pelvis into her firm ass, her breasts flapping against her ribs--echoed in the sauna. This was quickly morphing into a good, solid fucking, and Amanda seemed to be enjoying the hell out of it. 

"Oh, do me, oh, oh, oh, oh my god, oh god," she cried out. "Do me, oh my god, do me just like that, mmmmmmmmmmmm."

I heard something behind me and glanced over my shoulder. Robin Johnson, the hostess for the weekend, stood in the doorway. Next to her was Frank my cottage mate. They were both naked, and Frank was sporting a respectable boner. She smiled at me, shrugged, and closed the door. 

I grinned back and without missing a beat continued to glide in and out of Amanda's slick twat. I don't think she knew they were there, and she began to buck back into me. I took this as a request to take things up a notch. I grabbed her hips and began to fuck her for all I was worth. 

For a few minutes there was just serious fucking, interspersed with moans, sighs, and yelps. I reached around and alternatively played with her tits, and rubbed her clit, something she seemed to enjoy immensely. 

The heat of the sauna following a jog, combined with the furious sex, was beginning to take a toll. My legs were fading, just as the pressure was building inside of me. I gave one final push, and sprinted toward the finish just as Amanda had at the end of her run, pounding into her like it was the last fuck of my life. 

"Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, oh my god, oh my god I'm coming, I'm coming," Amanda screamed, and slammed back into me, causing our mutual timing sort to go haywire as she exploded into another orgasm. 

"Uugghhh, oohhhhh godddd. Oh, oh, oh, ugggggghhhhhhhhhhh."

At this point I couldn't tell if she was trying to free herself from my grip or not. Really didn't care, as I was moments away from coming myself. 

"Oh fuck, Amanda, I'm gonna cum, oh god..."

"Do it in me, please do it in me."

I pulled her back and thrust as deep as I could, then exploded into her.

"Ughhhh, oooohhhhh, ughhhh, oh my god," I grunted and growled my way to yet another orgasm at the Johnson orgy, before semi-collapsing on bench beside an equally drained Amada. 

It took a few moments before we collected ourselves. We kind of chuckled, and both said, "I need something to drink."

We found some of the bottled water with the Johnson family crest on the label (I was beginning to wonder if the Johnsons put something in their water, I mean, people can't be this horny all of the time), and I walked with Amanda back toward Cottage 2, where she was staying. The mouth-watering scent of a pig roast wafted through the air from the patio area, home to this evening's luau, where the catering staff was putting the finishing touches on the site. We glanced around to see if there was anything going on worth sneaking around in the bushes to watch, but had no luck.

Cottages 1 & 2 were on the opposite side of grounds were I was staying. It was late afternoon, but the sun was still high in the sky, and a few of the guests were still lingering poolside, touching up on their well maintained tans before the evening's festivities began. 

Gretchen and Maude, the bisexual Eurosluts who had their way with me after the welcoming dinner, were laying-out topless, along with the African-American woman with the shaved scalp. Earlier in the day I witnessed her team-up with another woman to suck-off Evan, one of the nine-inch club studs on hand to valet, serve and otherwise entertain the female guests for the weekend. I had since learned her name was Yvonne. 

Maude waived me over. "Who's your friend," she asked, much more interested in meeting a potential new, young lover than engaging me. I introduced Amanda, and we grabbed a couple of chaises beside Gretchen. 

Our idle chitchat didn't last long, being interrupted by the emergence from the pool of a very large black man, well over six feet tall, perhaps even seven-feet, looking to be in his mid to late forties. He had a cock the size of a pork loin. 

"How was your swim, honey?" asked Yvonne. 

"Refreshing," he said.

"Oh lord," muttered Maude. 

"Holy shit," added Gretchen. 

"Boy," came from Amanda.

I recognized the guy, Jervis Jackson, a former NBA power forward, and now owner of a dozen or more car dealerships. 

With the sun glistening off her scalp, Yvonne beckoned Jervis with the universal "come- here" curl of the forefinger, and upon his arrival began a well practiced routine of bathing his prick with her tongue. 

"Are you going to let him put that thing in you?" said Maude.

"I'm a slowly aging woman with very expensive tastes, married to a wealthy man with a fierce libido, and an air-tight pre-nup. I let him put it wherever he wants," said Yvonne.

"Well then, where's the sign-up sheet to ride that beast?" said Gretchen.

Yvonne winked at Gretchen, and said, "If there's anything left after I get through with him, he's all yours."

She worked up and down his dick, and he grew even bigger, to the point where I believe he surpassed the extraordinary measures of Evan. She took him between her lips, but only managed to work a quarter, maybe a third at best, of his shaft into her mouth. She played with him like that for a few minutes before letting him slide out of her mouth. "Okay baby, it's time to give momma a ride."

"I can't believe that thing is attached to a human," said Gretchen, whose hand found its way into her bikini bottoms. 

It was his turn to smile and wink at the ladies next to me, and he changed places with the woman who slowly lowered herself onto his mast. 

I was content to sit back, sip the cool and refreshing Johnson water, and take in the show. The women around me appeared star struck and mesmerized, not really knowing what to make of the whole setting. 

"Ohhhh, that is so good," which came from Gretchen, as she fingered herself while watching the action unfold. 

Yvonne got about halfway down the enormous cock, then pulled up, then cautiously allowed him into her bit by bit. "Baby, I am so fucking horny, and you fuck soooo good. Gimme all of that big cock of yours."

She slid further down on him, but not all the way, pulled back up, and repeated the process. She had, as they say, a bit of junk in the trunk, and nice breasts. Both her ass and tits began to jiggle when she put it in high gear. 

"Ohhhh that's it, just like that. Gimme that cock, oh fuck, ugh, ohhhh godddd," Yvonne bellowed as she punctured herself with the entire length of his prick. She held there for a few seconds, and then began to repeatedly rock back and forth, stuffing and stretching her cunt on her man's massive dick as she shook her ass like a stripper. 

Jervis indicated his pleasure with a few grunts, but Yvonne was the more vocal of the two. My guess is that although she'd been making at least one guy come earlier in the day, she hadn't herself, perhaps saving herself for her husband. Understandable given the equipment he brought to the table. 

Next to me my German friend was getting with the program. 

"Uh, ugh, ugh, right there, oh god, oh ohhhh, ohh yeah, oooohhhhhh," Gretchen moaned, as Maude's fingers had joined hers in attacking her clit and pussy. The hands, coupled with the visual treats taking place, sent Gretchen into a tremor-like orgasm, which in turn had an equal effect on the main attraction. 

Bucking up and down on a very rigid, and very large cock, had brought the Yvonne to the brink. "Oh shit, ooohhh my god, your cock feels so good, sooooooooooooo fucking good," she yelled, now twisting and pulling at her nipples. 

Another minute or so went by, the pace going faster and faster; both of them breathing harder and harder. Then from nowhere he quickly slapped her on the ass.

"Oh yesss, yeesssss," Yvonne screamed. "Again, slap me again you fucking stud."

I glanced over at Amanda. Her eyes were as big as saucers, her mouth slightly open, just processing the proceeding. 

Jervis smacked Yvonne on the ass again, this time jettisoning his wife into a quaking orgasm.

"Ohhh fuuucckkk Jervis, yeeesssssssss," she screamed out and he smacked her ass once more. "Ohh, ohhh, ugh, ugh, yes, ooohhh fuck yes."

Yvonne, panting like a winded cheetah, bounced and shook atop the pillar that is Jervis Jackson's cock. She howled some more, praised God for delivering a man with his girth to her life, before dropping down on him one last time. 

As if a vacuum had sucked the energy from the planet, all was still and silent for a brief moment, then Yvonne came back to earth, "Oh my God, that's enough, that's all I can take. I'm done, baby, whew. " 

Jervis had a sinister grin on his face, and said, "You may think you're done, but you aren't until I am."

"Baby, I can't take any more," Yvonne said, and looked over and tapped Gretchen on the shoulder. "If you want some of this, he's all yours. I'll swap spots with you."

Post-orgasm, Gretchen had journeyed between Maude's legs, and was gradually beginning to feast on the familiar twat of her travel companion. The Yvonne and the German changed partners, and as the setting sun gleamed off Yvonne's closely shaved head she descended on Maude's beckoning pussy. Then Gretchen did something I wouldn't have thought possible, she deep throated Jervis Jackson's cock. 

"Oh my God," was Amanda's reaction. "How can anybody do that?"

Yvonne pulled herself away from Maude's pussy to see what the fuss was about, and all she could say was, "Shit girl."

"The Tredo sisters have nothing on my friend Gretchen," Maude said, and guided Yvonne back to her over anxious twat.

Gretchen let Jervis's cock slide slowly out of her mouth, almost as if there was a ceremony associated with it, then stood up, turned around and lowered herself onto his glistening shaft. She approached taking his cock in her cunt more carefully than when she swallowed him whole; gingerly at first, easing it into her inch by inch, much like she took me in her ass the night prior. 

"This is how Wilt notched 20,000, one right after the other," Jervis said, in reference to Wilt Chamberlain's boast that the number of women he went though. 

"Ohhhhhhhhh," Gretchen let out a slow, satisfying moan.

Holding onto her hips with his vise-like fingers, Jervis began to slide the stocky little German up and down on his cock. Her body shook and rocked like Yvonne's had earlier.

"Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, oh god, oh god, oh god...oh my fucking god," Gretchen moaned, and tried to move off him a bit, but Jervis wouldn't have it. 

He lifted her up like she was no heavier than cocktail glass, and without letting her off his dick, stood up and swapped spots; Gretchen now on her knees, and Jervis, his arms moving like locomotive pistons, banging her from behind. 

Gretchen mumbled something inaudible in her native tongue as Jervis thrust every inch up into his new partner, a move I thought would have split her in two. He let out a few grunts, and she wailed in agony/ecstasy. The echoing sex sounds grabbed the attention of other nearby guests, and few eyes peered through the hedges to have a gander at what was taking place.

The energy they threw off, combined with the relentless tongue lashing Yvonne gave Maude's clit, sent the mature European over the edge, and she came with the calm, demure manner of a proper lady. "Oh dear, I believe I'm coming. Ohhhh yesss, ohhh, ohhh yes..."

Jervis had Gretchen pinned against the back of the lounge chair, and was having at her like he was trying to break down a wall. 

"Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh," Gretchen uttered, caught in an unbreakable cycle of orgasmic fits.

Without warning he let her loose, and the German collapsed onto the chaise, and rolled-up into a fetal-like ball.

Instinctively, Yvonne rose up out of her crouch as Jervis pulled away from his latest conquest. She sat up with her mouth wide open, looking like a baby bird waiting to be fed. Jervis pivoted toward her, pumped his slick cock a couple of times and shot a rope of cum that seemed to hang in the air for a moment before diving between his wife's lips and onto her pussy drenched tongue. 

There was a momentary lull, then Jervis continued jerking-off, raining semen down on Yvonne for what seemed like minutes. Streams of jism ran off her scalp, down her neck and back, and over her face and onto her breasts. She appeared to revel in it. 

"Jeeze," said Amanda, transfixed on what had just taken place. 

"Indeed," I echoed. 

Everyone poolside had been sexually satisfied, for the time being, and people began to disperse. I laid back to grab the last rays of the afternoon, and the next thing I knew I was waking up from a well needed power nap. I looked around and everyone was gone, time to head back to my place for a shower. 
