 Erica resolutely dialed Vickie's number. The manager of the Toy Shoppe would not have given Erica her cell number and job offer if she hadn't been serious. After three rings, Erica was about to hang up when Vickie, somewhat out of breath, answered. "This is Vickie," she said sexily. Erica was afraid she had interrupted something, but spoke anyway. 

"Vickie, this is Erica. I hope I'm not disturbing you."

"Oh my goodness no!" replied Vickie. "In fact, I was just thinking about you....again. I've fucked myself silly today remembering our little meeting last week. One of the perks of managing an adult toy store is the chance to try new products, and believe me, I've tried quite a few since I saw you last! I've just cum on a big black dildo remembering how sweet your pussy tastes. I hope you've considered my job offer."

Listening to Vickie's honey-smooth voice got Erica's juices flowing, and as she started to tell Vickie the reason for her call, she slipped her hand between her legs and began stroking her lips. "That's what I called about. What do I need to do?'

Vickie squealed with delight. "Come by the store tomorrow and fill out a resume. I'm sure you will impress the rest of the staff. Will 3:00 be OK?"

"Sure," said Erica. "I'll be there!"

Erica really began to get busy with her fingers and rabbit, and gave herself two fantastic climaxes in a matter of minutes. Boy, Vickie sure knew how to punch her buttons.

The next afternoon found Erica in the parking lot of the adult entertainment complex at 2:45. "One day I'll try the strip club," she said to herself as she walked to the door of the Toy Shoppe. As usual, her tits were free to brush against her top and keep her slightly aroused. Today's top was a tank top that was snug enough to encase her breasts, but allowed them to move if she walked fast. Her miniskirt was a little shorter than usual, coming only just past her asscheeks.

She opened the door and didn't see anyone, but a voice from one side said, "Hi! Welcome to the Toy Shoppe."

Erica located the voice as a very pretty face began to appear from behind a display case. The face was connected to a beautiful pair of shoulders, and as the salesgirl stood up, Erica could not believe her eyes. The girl was only about five-feet two, with slim hips, but the largest tits Erica had ever seen on such a small girl. The entire package was encased in what appeared to be a black, very tight one-piece swimsuit, with a white miniskirt. Erica could swear she could make out the girl's nipples. "I'm Lisa," said the girl, and started around the end of the display case. "I'm Erica," she said as they shook hands. The motion caused Lisa's tits to bounce seductively.

"Oh, you're the new hire," exclaimed Lisa.

"Well, I hope so," replied Erica.

At that moment, Vickie entered the shop from her office and told both girls, "She's not hired yet. She has to fill out a resume and perform the physical." Erica was perplexed, and Lisa smirked. "Let's go into the office and get started," said Vickie as she took Erica by the hand and led her to the office.

Today, Vickie was dressed in a gorgeous red minidress, with a halter-style top, which tried in vain to contain her breasts. Erica could not help but let her mind wander as she followed Vickie into the office. There was that tall desk again. "Have a seat," said Vickie, as she sat down and rolled her chair to the edge of the desk, where she began to fill out a form. Erica's name, age, education, work experience-all the usual questions were answered quickly. She was thinking this was quick, when Vickie spoke into the intercom. "Frank, would you come in here please?" 

Frank, who Erica had seen out front on her previous visit to the shop entered through a door Erica had not seen. "Erica, this is my husband Frank. I think you two met the other day."

"Hello Erica," said Frank as he extended his hand. Erica took his hand and felt an electric surge throughout her body. She thought, "I wonder if he saw Vickie eat me out last week." 

As if he was reading her mind, Frank said, "We video everything that goes on both here and in the store, not only for security, but for 'historical' reasons!"

When Erica blushed slightly, Vickie came to her rescue. "Honey, Frank and I are very forward thinking in our marriage. We both enjoy undying love for each other, but we also know that lust is often a spur-of-the-moment thing. Sex is sex. Love is love. We happily enjoy both!" She got up, strode around the desk and gave Frank a long, sexy kiss and ended up by stroking his hardening cock that was erecting a tent in his trousers. 

"Erica has completed the application and all we have left is the performance section of the interview," said Vickie.

"Erica, I know you have wondered about the height of this desk. Well, Frank or I 'entertain' salespeople in here occasionally and the desk helps keep things at the proper level. I'll show you. Come around here." 

Erica went around the desk and saw Vickie on her knees, facing the chair she had just vacated. "Sometimes, we play with the salespeople, sometimes we play with each other, and sometimes, we play with both! Get down here and remember, this is part of the interview."

Vickie moved out of the space beneath the desk, and Erica crawled in. Frank took the chair, and Vickie sat on the edge of the desk facing him. "Now Erica, I'm going to pretend to be a toy saleswoman, Frank is going to try and convince me that he doesn't need any toys, and you are going to suck him off while he does it. O.K?"

Erica didn't see that she had much choice, so she just mumbled, "Um hum." Knowing her body, she did think to remove her g-string and skirt.

While Vickie was climbing on the desk, Frank had removed his pants and boxers to make Erica's "job" a little easier.

When Erica saw Vickie's heels contact the arms of Frank's chair, she pictured that perfect pussy at just the right height and saw the wisdom of the office furniture. Vickie, of course wore no underwear, and Frank dove in, causing her to gasp quite loudly. Taking this as a cue, Erica grasped Frank's cock and stroked its length slowly. It felt wonderful in her hand, and she could imagine how it would feel elsewhere. She gently squeezed the head and watched the drop of precum ooze out. Licking it off and enjoying the taste, she took the entire head into her mouth. Gently rolling her tongue around the glans, she began stroking the shaft with her other hand. Vickie meanwhile, had put her feet on Frank's shoulders and was really getting vocal.

"Oh yeeess! Lick that clitty! You're a real cuntsucking fucker! Love it! Love it! Don't stop!!!"

Vickie's vocalizations were working on Erica, as she sucked Frank's cock. She had begun to suck the entire shaft, but had begun using one hand on his balls, and one hand on her own pussy. Gently at first, she increased her speed, both on her own clit, and Frank's engorged dick. As her juices coated her hand, Erica deepthroated Frank's cock. At the same time, Vickie began her orgasm. Erica shook as her hand worked its magic, Frank shot an amazing load of cum into her mouth, and Vickie almost left the desk when she exploded. Three simultaneous orgasms! Erica swallowed all of Frank's load and didn't lose a drop. She was coming down from her climax, when Vickie's smiling face appeared in front of her. 

"From the look on Frank's face, you're hired. When can you start?"

To be continued...