 Authors Note: This story is listed under group sex but it could have been listed under erotic couplings or anal sex. The story tag lines will alert the reader to the sexual content. 

*

I met Pam and her sister Donna at a disco one evening. It was back in 1978 when disco was still popular and I had learned to dance pretty well. Pam was 28 years old and Donna was 26 years old at the time. In spite of the two years difference they could pass for twins. They wore their hair the same and dressed with a similar taste in clothes. I learned later that since they were the same size they often wore each other's outfits. They were both attractive young women with 34-24-36 figures. They stood at 5'6" tall and they weighed in and 120 pounds. Both of them had long brown hair down to their shoulders and pretty blue eyes.

In 1978 I was 29 years old and in very good shape. I played a lot of tennis, skied and scuba dived in addition to my regular work outs at the gym. I weighed a fit 190 pounds which looked good on my 6'2" body. I also danced a lot which contributed to my staying fit. I had brown hair and hazel eyes and I was pleased with the way I looked. Beginning in 1974, I became and independent representative for several companies. They were not competitors but offered complimentary computer related products. I traveled frequently but when I was in town I worked out of my condo.

It was a Friday night when I met Pam and Donna at the disco. They were sitting together and enjoying their cocktails. One of my favorite songs played and I asked Pam to dance. She loved the way I danced and after several numbers she invited me to sit with them. The three of us spent the evening together and I took turns dancing with both of them. We hit it off and when it was time to leave Pam decided to come home with me. They had come in Donna's car so there were no car issues.

Once we got in my car Pam turned to me and kissed my driving her tongue deep into my mouth. We necked for several minutes before we left the parking lot. I had a boner and I couldn't wait to bury it in her pussy. Pam surprised me when she took my cock out as I was driving and sucked on it. It was a short drive from the disco to my condo otherwise I would have cum in her mouth. We were both charged when we got inside my place and our clothes flew off. We briefly admired each other's naked body although no words were spoken. No words were really necessary.

Pam got in my bed, spread her legs and opened her arms to me. I leaned over to kiss her creamy thighs. She gasped aloud at the touch of my lips to her naked skin. I knew that she was incredibly turned on. I could smell the sweet aroma of sex that was given off by her pussy as my face moved closer to her crotch. I lifted Pam's legs to my shoulders and kissed her inner thighs just below her pussy. She groaned with pleasure as she reached down with her hands to hold my head. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Pam was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily and she consciously relaxed her grip on my head. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. Pam cried out and grabbed my head again but this time she held it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Then I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Pam was really excited as her erect clit looked like a teeny digit sticking out. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh shit, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold tight," she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Pam slowly calmed after her intense orgasm and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As we lay on her bed I continued to lick and kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you!" she murmured. 

Pam watched me as if she was in a trance as I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the bed and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 

"Oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", she cried. 

I slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to my size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until I was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"Oh my I have never been so full of cock, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", she cried out.

I pounded her pussy making sure that my cock was in constant contact with her clit. Pam had multiple orgasms as I fucked her. She had pretty firm tits with rock hard nipples. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in my mouth. 

She went wild telling me. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

I could feel my balls start to tighten and I knew it wouldn't be long before I filled her pussy with my cum. Pam stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming again!" 

I reached around behind her and pulled her toward me as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did I and I fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover I laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as my cock softened. My cock was swimming in her cunt; there was so much of my semen in there mingling with her own juices.

"Oh you really filled my pussy up with your cum," Pam sighed as she rolled over on her belly.

I had a bottle of lotion in the nightstand next to my bed. I took it out and I rubbed the lotion into the crack of Pam's ass and then I slipped a finger into her asshole. I began to finger fuck Pam's ass with my index finger and then I pushed my middle finger and ring finger into her pussy. I finger fucked her pussy and ass at the same time with my three fingers.

"Oh that feels good. Imagine what a tongue would feel like in there," she said and then added, "I douched my pussy and my ass tonight in case you want to put your tongue in there."

It had been awhile since I rimmed a girl's asshole but I was in the mood for some anal sex and I went for it. I grabbed Pam's fleshy ass cheeks and pried them apart so that I could get a good look at her rosebud. I ran my tongue around the rim causing her to gasp. I moved my tongue from her ass to her pussy and back again driving her wild. True to her word, her ass was clean and smelled fresh. Pam rotated her hips as she moved her big ass around. I fastened my mouth to her pussy and clamped onto her clit. Pam screamed in orgasm and then her body flattened on the bed. I was about to shove my cock in her pussy when she rolled over. 

"I want you to fuck me like this," she said as she raised her legs back to her shoulders, "I want my legs on your shoulders as you drill me with your cock."

I got up and stood on the bed and lowered my cock into Pam's pussy. Pam placed her legs on my shoulders and I leaned forward over her. I placed my hands on the bed above Pam's head for balance and I drilled her pussy from above. I fucked her hard and fast and she was really into this position. I felt as if we were filming a porn movie. I had never fucked anyone in this position before but I was getting into it and I let her have it. Pam was groaning and moaning as she had a string of orgasms as I pounded her pussy.

"I want to see you shoot. I want you to cum on me. Aim it at my face," Pam said with her voice cracking.

I felt my balls tighten and I knew I was close. I pulled out of Pam's pussy and stood above her as I started to cum. I aimed my cock at her face and fired streams of cum at her. The first couple of streams hit her hair, face and neck and ran down over her tits. Then as my ejaculation slowed, ribbons of cum covered her abs and pubes. 

"Oh look at it all. Cream me, cover me with your cum," she called out with her voice cracking due to her desirous state.

Pam then scrambled to a sitting position and took my cock in her mouth. She sucked me dry as she gently squeezed my balls. I finally couldn't stand on the bed any longer so I flopped down along side of her. 

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" I asked her.

"Yes," she admitted, "But with Vaseline."

I smiled at Pam and put her on all fours. She turned her body so that she could watch herself in the mirror over my dresser. She was sideways to the mirror on all fours when I began to grease up her asshole. I applied more lotion to her ass cheeks and then I added more to her asshole. I fingered her asshole with my little finger than a larger one and finally my thumb with my middle finger stroking her enlarged clit. Pam raised her hips slightly so that I could get to her pussy easier and by doing so she accentuated her shapely ass. My thumb was snug in her ass and my cock was throbbing again.

"Are you getting me ready for your big cock?" Pam teased as she watched us in the mirror. 

I answered her by removing my thumb, kissing my way down her arched back as I fondled her curvy buttocks with my hands. I planted kisses on her ass cheeks and tickled her pink hole with my tongue. She gasped out loud as I rimmed her again that night. I backed off and asked her if she was alright with this to which she wiggled her ass and told me to keep tonguing her bottom. I lifted her hips up a little higher and gently spread her ass cheeks wider and lapped around her bung hole. I penetrated her rectum with the tip of my tongue and I heard her breathing become shallow and labored. I slipped my tongue in as deep as I could and Pam went wild. Her body shook with convulsions as she had yet another intense orgasm. I held on to her hips with my tongue buried in her ass as she bucked and trembled.

I finally moved behind her and eased my cock into her well prepared asshole. Pam had totally relaxed and it took her awhile to realize that the head of my cock was now in her ass. I had added more lotion along with my saliva making my dick very slick. 

"Not too deep at first, it's been awhile. Let me get used to it then you can go deeper but slowly," she coaxed.

I fed it to her a little at a time probably no more than a quarter or half inch. Each time I allowed her to adjust to the thickness and deepness of the penetration. It seemed like hours before my cock was fully lodged in her ass. Once I thought she was comfortable I started fucking her ass, first with short stokes and then longer ones.

I was incredibly turned on as I watched my cock saw in and out of her big beautiful ass. Pam had her head turned to the side of the mattress and she was gripping the bed sheets with both hands as I fondled her shapely buttocks and plowed into her. I could feel myself on the verge of another big orgasm and it felt like it started in my toes. All of a sudden it let loose and I filled her asshole with cum. My cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and my seed could let escape her rectum.

I kept slowly fucking her ass until my cock started to soften. Pam's ass involuntarily was milking my cock draining it of all my semen. My cock slipped from her asshole with an audible pop and cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like Pam was shooting cum out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the bed and I lay down along side of her. We were drained and exhausted. I stroked her buns lovingly as we lay quietly.

Pam asked in a whisper, "Is it okay if I stay the night?" 

"I would be disappointed if you didn't," I replied.

The next morning we had sex for several hours before we got out of bed. Pam and I showered, dressed and went out for breakfast. Later that morning I drove her home and we made a date to meet at the disco the following Friday evening.

DONNA TAKES A TURN

The next Friday I met Pam at the disco and Donna was with her again. It was a repeat performance of the previous time as I danced with both sisters. We drank, danced laughed and had a good time. I was surprised when it was time to leave that Donna would ride home with me and Pam would go home this time. In contrast to Pam, Donna seemed a little shy. We did not neck in the parking lot and she did not play with my cock during the drive to my place. Once we were inside my condo, Donna took off her clothes and got in my bed. She acted liked a giddy teenager as she smiled at me, shrugged her shoulders and wiggled her hips as I got undressed. 

Her eyes went directly to my cock which was rock hard as I got in bed. "I have been looking forward to this all week ever since Pam told me about your cock," she said sexily.

It was clear that these sisters shared their stories with each other. I stroked Donna's shapely legs and luscious thighs. My hand drifted up to her mound and I felt that she was wet with desire. She smiled at me as I fingered her pussy and licked my fingers clean of her juices. Then she opened her arms and welcomed me into her body. I slipped between her thighs and slid my hard cock into her quim. Donna uttered an audible gasp as I hit bottom. I began to fuck her slowly and eased my cock almost all the way out of her pussy before plunging it back in. She was lost in the lust of the moment.

"Oh that's it fuck me, fuck me slow," she whispered.

Just hearing her asking me to fuck her was a turn-on for me and I picked up my pace. Donna threw her hips up at me as if to try and get me deeper in her cunt. I felt my orgasm approaching but I didn't want to cum before she did so I tried to slow down.

"No, no don't stop, fuck me faster, I'm so close," Donna begged.

I picked up the pace again as we both raced toward our orgasms. I don't know who came first because we were so close but Donna wrapped her legs around me and humped me for all she was worth as I spurted my seed deep in her womb. We continued to fuck each other until we were drained. I collapsed on top of Donna and she didn't seem to mind my weight as she held me and cried out. 

"Oh thank you, thank you," she said over and over.

I rolled off of Donna and lay next to her on the bed. She smiled at me and then snuggled in closer. As I lay next to her I caressed her breasts, neck and arms, teasing her skin with my fingernails and tongue. Donna made a low, drawn out sound. Deciding that I'd teased her enough I started on her naked breasts. As I sucked her warm flesh into my mouth and rolled a nipple between my teeth, Donna let out a moan of pleasure.

Donna then moved down the bed, gently took hold of my cock and took me into her mouth, rolling my cock around and getting it wet with her saliva, while her hand worked my shaft up and down at the same time. Seconds later, she straddled me. Her hand wrapped around my now slippery cock and I felt the tickle of her pubic hair just before her soft flesh nudged my helmet and then it was suddenly engulfed by the heat and tightness of her pussy. 

Donna grabbed hold of the top of the head board on either side of my head as I held onto her hips. She rocked her hips back and forth, pressing downwards and working the walls of her pussy as I slid into her further. The next motion of her hips caused her to gasp in pleasure as my full length penetrated her. She began to work up and down, back and forth as she moaned in pleasure. She felt particularly tight in this position and the unhurried pace felt sensuous and wonderful. Donna continued to ride me at a slow, even pace as I relaxed and let her take charge. As she fucked herself on me I could hear the smacking and sucking sound of her pussy as my cock moved around inside her. 

Her firm breasts jiggled as Donna picked up the pace. She pushed her hips down until our groins met and then lifted up until just the swollen tip of my cock remained inside her. She seemed to know just how far to move so that my cock never slipped out of her pussy. Her thigh muscles felt firm and tight under my hands as she worked her body on me. The speed of our groins slapping together increased as we fucked faster and harder. We really had our rhythm going now and I thrust up into her as she lowered herself on me. Her pussy contracted around my cock as her eyes fluttered and she emitted a high pitch scream. Donna grabbed onto my shoulders as she rode out her orgasm. I ejaculated into her again flooding her cunt with semen as she collapsed on top of me.

Donna covered my face with kisses and then plunged her tongue into my mouth. As she kissed me she murmured softly into my neck and shoulders. She thanked me over and over as she held herself tightly to me. We remained in that position for what seemed like hours when it was really only minutes. I could not get enough of the girl so I rolled her over on her back.

I moved toward her as she lay down on her back and held her arms open to me. She spread her legs slightly and looked apprehensively again at my erect cock. I got between her thighs and nestled my cock at the opening to her pussy. I moved the head of my cock around her vulva and gently prodded her outer cunt lips. Donna moaned softly as her pussy got increasingly wetter. Satisfied that she was wet enough I eased my dick in a little parting her labia and finding the entrance to her pussy. I pushed more of my cock into her and in spite of her wetness and our earlier fucking she was still very snug. For the next several minutes I pushed in and pulled out, each time pushing a little more of my shaft into her sopping wet hole. Finally my cock sank all the way into her snatch causing Donna to gasp aloud. Then as I began to saw my dick in and out of her, Donna wrapped her legs around my lower body and humped her hips up at me. As I picked up the pace I made sure that my cock stayed in constant contact with her clit. 

Donna surprised herself with another quick orgasm but I kept right on fucking her and she came multiple times in succession. Her pussy was flooded with her cunt juice and I could feel my cock soaking in her nectar as I pushed it all the way in. Donna was experiencing a continuous string of orgasms which had her body thrashing and jerking about as they led up to her final crescendo. Her body stiffened and she grabbed my shoulders as she wrapped her legs even tighter around my torso squeezing my lower body.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, hold me, please hold me, oh, oh, please," she cried out as a thunderous climax ripped through her body.

Donna stiffened at first pushing her hips toward mine and then she went out of control. Her hips humped rapidly up and down as her body thrashed about. She was grunting and groaning and gasping for air as she reached her crescendo. We both humped each other furiously until her climax subsided. I kept my weight on my elbows as I lay on top of her so as not to crush her body with my weight. Donna's vaginal muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft. Her cunt was like a receptacle holding her juices and my cock felt as if it bathing in warm oil. I pulled my cock slowly from her tight pussy with an audible sound. Her juices flowed out of her pussy as soon as my cock slipped from her hole just as if a stopper was pulled out of her. I rolled to my side along side of Donna and flopped on my back.

"Oh, I love to cum like that," she sighed and then added, "I love the way you fuck me and cum so much."

As I lay by her side I noticed that her tits were standing straight up and her aroused nipples were pointing at the ceiling. I tweaked the hard little nubs between my fingers causing her to gasp and quiver.
