 As Victor walked back into the living room area, Josh reached down and grabbed Joy's upper arms. He dragged her up slightly, and then pulled her towards the simple, big-box store couch. Joy's toes scrambled for purchase on the carpet, and she had to sort of crab walk across the room, awkwardly following, and forced to support herself in Josh's powerful hands. She rolled her head back a little, and looked over her shoulder at Victor. She winked at him.

Josh flung her on the couch, and roughly manipulated her body so that she was sitting upright, back arched again, displaying her perfect tits and legs. Joy spread her thighs, exposing herself, and it looked like Josh might drop to his knees and fuck her from the floor, but he didn't do that. Victor watched, and took another slug from the rapidly emptying bottle of not-so-hot wine.

Victor walked to the side of the couch, politely away from the two others, and stood silently, watching as Josh took the base of his cock in one hand, slid his fingers tight against his body, and flipped his hard shaft in the air a little. Joy opened her mouth, ready to suck him, but Josh reached with his other hand and shoved her back, flinging her against the back cushions of the couch. Then Josh balanced on one foot, and propped a knee on the couch cushions, semi-straddling Joy's body, towering over her. 

Joy flipped her arms over her head and grabbed the back of the couch, resting her head on the top cushions. She spread her legs, and even at a less than perfect angle Victor could see the wetness and come on her lower hair. 

Josh adjusted himself, then bent a little, and contacted Joy's chest with the very tip of his cock, slightly above and between her round, perfect breasts. He slowly rubbed his cock on the woman's body in small circles, sliding and rolling on her skin. He lifted up, facing her, and Joy dropped her head a little; Josh took himself in hand and, as Victor watched in astonishment, slapped Joy's face with his cock. He did it twice on one side, then moved his body and did it again, on her other cheek. 

Joy's mouth opened, and she licked her lips. She extended her tongue out of her mouth, fairly far, and Josh located his cock directly on the very forward part. He slid back and forth, carefully, touching with the horribly sensitive lower tip, riding and rubbing. Josh rolled his head back and moaned softly. He did that for a while, then dropped a little and lowered himself to Joy's exquisite breasts. 

Victor took a small sip from the bottle, watching the show, feeling his own cock growing.

Josh touched a nipple with the head of his cock, rubbing and circling around the aureola, then taking the shaft and sliding along the rounded top of Joy's breast. He slid and masturbated on her skin, half fucking her tit, then moved to the other side and did the same thing. The act was making Josh breath hard, grunting a little in a funny little voice, and Victor watched Joy's expression, which seemed to be a mix of amusement and exasperation.

Josh stopped, then reared up, touched Joy's shoulders, and flopped her over sideways on the couch, straddling her with one knee folded on the junction of the back and seat, the other leg supporting him on the floor. He moved his cock between her tits, put his hands down to them, grasped the outer sides, and pressed them over his hard cock. 

As Victor watched, Josh fucked Joy's amazing tits, sliding his slick cock between the soft, rounded globes, moaning, eyes closed. Joy set her chin down, and as the end of Josh's cock poked out the top of her cleavage, she extended her tongue and flicked the very, very tip with quick little licks. Victor couldn't take it any more and walked to the opposite end of the couch, by Joy's feet, and watched her legs move. 

Then he really couldn't take it any more and set the wine bottle down, cock hard and ready, and quite done watching someone else enjoy Joy. He realized that unlike before, Joy wasn't making any noise, or screaming obscenities. She hadn't made a sound since she'd come. 

Victor moved to the couch, behind Josh, and was faced with that man's ass thrusting on Joy's chest, and as he negotiated his way back into things Joy reached around Josh's body and grasped his ass cheeks, pulling him against her and digging in with her fingernails. Victor reached down and felt the inside of Joy's luscious thigh, and to his pleasant surprise, she shifted a little and positioned herself so he could prop himself over one leg. She extended one leg, and put the other all the way up against the back of the couch. She rolled slightly, with her lower half, and turned sideways. Victor managed to get close, his cock approaching her pussy, and as he watched her shift and squirm, he inched his way into her amazing body again. 

As he got inside, again, he heard Joy gasp, and he got a little light-headed when he felt his own come slipping around the shaft of his cock. He closed his eyes, putting the sight of Josh's pumping ass out of his mind, and shoved into the woman. He heard her exclaim, a soft shriek that he now knew would get a lot louder, and pulled out a little, then rammed in again, feeling the softness of her perfect pussy. Joy yelled. Victor had time to think, "This lady likes being fucked, not played with," when Josh said something. 

Victor opened his eyes. Josh turned his head and said, "Hey! I get some of that pussy! Back off!" 

Victor was kind of surprised and nonplussed; he wasn't sure what to do or how to proceed in the situation they were in. He thought for a second, then decided to acquiesce and be 'a gentleman' about it. He slipped out of Joy, dripping a thin line of his come along her thigh, and stood up again. His cock shined in the room, slick with come and Joy's wetness. 

Josh hopped off Joy's chest and knelt down in front of the couch. Joy glanced at Victor and half-smiled, a look Victor could see Josh didn't noticed at all. She shifted around, got her feet on the floor, and spread her legs wide, displaying herself to the men. She bumped forward, placing her pussy directly at the edge of the couch, ready. 

Josh tipped his head, and he clearly, obviously hesitated. He'd seen Victor's come on Joy's skin and in her hair, and he stopped. He froze like that for several seconds, until Joy said, in a mocking tone, "Well?" 

Josh flushed through his fake tan. He got visibly angry, and bluntly positioned his cock head at Joy's slippery pussy. He closed his eyes, a move Victor found wildly amusing, and shoved straight into the woman. Joy groaned out loud and shook all over. Josh pulled back, dripping wet and come, Victor's come, and slammed back again, making an audible, flesh-to-flesh slapping sound on Joy's thighs. She gasped, sucked in a breath, and when Josh pounded her again she shouted out. Josh went wild.

The tanned bartender pounded Joy hard, slamming into her again and again, fucking her pussy with ferocious abandon. He got sweaty, and dipped slightly to lean over Joy, grabbing the back of the couch for better leverage. He fucked her. 

Joy clamped her eyes shut, moaning in between loud shouts and sexual curses, and came in less than a minute. It was a slamming, jerking orgasm that made her legs jump and flail, and throw her head around until her hair was completely over her lovely face. She shoved her body back against Josh's pounding cock, shivering and shouting, until it stopped, and she gasped with a mouth shaped to an 'O'.

Josh fucked her for a minute or two more, grunting, until he obviously came inside her, slapping into her thighs and shaking. He yelled out, finally, "UH! Fuckin WHORE!" and slipped back out of Joy's pussy to rest his ass on his heels. 

Joy half sat, half laid, sprawling on the couch, legs wide open and pubic hair shining with come and wet. She raised a weak hand and swiped her hair roughly out of her face, and looked squarely at Victor. She smiled broadly. He noticed her face was almost bright red, and her lips were so full they looked like dark lipstick. She had an absolutely beautiful face, and her body, displayed the way it was, made Victor's cock rage in the air of the room. He wanted to touch himself, but decided not to, figuring he'd come too soon, again. 

Josh glanced down at his cock. It was slick and coated with come. He jerked a little, a little shiver, and mumbled something. He jumped up and half-ran to the side hallway. Victor watched him, quizzically, confused, then laughed quietly when he realized Josh was running to the bathroom to clean the come off his dick! He looked back at Joy; she caught his eye and laughed out loud, that throaty, womanly laugh. The sound made Victor's head pound. 

Joy smirked, locking eyes with Victor, her remaining suitor-of-sorts, and lowered one of her hands to her pussy. Victor figured she might stroke herself again, but instead, she slipped a delicate, elegant finger along the lips of her pussy. She rubbed, ever so slightly, then made a come-hither motion, crooking the finger, and when she lifted it it had come all over it. She raised the tip of the finger to her mouth, opened, and sucked the come off with a smiling expression, eyes teasing. Victor's mouth fell open and he almost came in the room without touching himself at all. Then she did it again. She kept doing it, sliding small amounts of come along her lips and licking it off, extending her tongue to taste, and showing off for Victor. 

Josh reappeared, looking around and giving the distinct appearance of discomfort and nervousness. He shot Victor an odd look, and glanced around. He was looking for his clothes.

Joy spoke.

"You guys had your fun. It's my turn. Both of you, get over here."

Victor instantly walked over to face Joy. She stayed on the couch, slumped, hand at her pussy. She started circling her clit. She spoke again, to Josh.

"Get over here, boy, come here. NOW."