 Josh turned his head and said, "Hey! I get some of that pussy! Back off!" 

Victor was kind of surprised and nonplussed; he wasn't sure what to do or how to proceed in the situation they were in. He thought for a second, then decided to acquiesce and be 'a gentleman' about it. He slipped out of Joy, dripping a thin line of his come along her thigh, and stood up again. His cock shined in the room, slick with come and Joy's wetness. 

Josh hopped off Joy's chest and knelt down in front of the couch. Joy glanced at Victor and half-smiled, a look Victor could see Josh didn't notice at all. She shifted around, got her feet on the floor, and spread her legs wide, displaying herself to the men. She bumped forward, placing her pussy directly at the edge of the couch, ready. 

Josh tipped his head, and he clearly, obviously hesitated. He'd seen Victor's come on Joy's skin and in her hair, and he stopped. He froze like that for several seconds, until Joy said, in a mocking tone, "Well?" 

Josh flushed through his fake tan. He got visibly angry, and bluntly positioned his cock head at Joy's slippery pussy. He closed his eyes, a move Victor found wildly amusing, and shoved straight into the woman. Joy groaned out loud and shook all over. Josh pulled back, dripping wet and come, Victor's come, and slammed back again, making an audible, flesh-to-flesh slapping sound on Joy's thighs. She gasped, sucked in a breath, and when Josh pounded her again she shouted out. Josh went wild.

The tanned bartender pounded Joy hard, slamming into her again and again, fucking her pussy with ferocious abandon. He got sweaty, and dipped slightly to lean over Joy, grabbing the back of the couch for better leverage. He fucked her. 

Joy clamped her eyes shut, moaning in between loud shouts and sexual curses, and came in less than a minute. It was a slamming, jerking orgasm that made her legs jump and flail, and throw her head around until her hair was completely over her lovely face. She shoved her body back against Josh's pounding cock, shivering and shouting, until it stopped, and she gasped with a mouth shaped to an 'O'.

Josh fucked her for a minute or two more, grunting, until he obviously came inside her, slapping into her thighs and shaking. He yelled out, finally, "UH! Fuckin WHORE!" and slipped back out of Joy's pussy to rest his ass on his heels. 

Joy half sat, half laid, sprawling on the couch, legs wide open and pubic hair shining with come and wet. She raised a weak hand and swiped her hair roughly out of her face, and looked squarely at Victor. She smiled broadly. He noticed her face was almost bright red, and her lips were so full they looked like dark lipstick. She had an absolutely beautiful face, and her body, displayed the way it was, made Victor's cock rage in the air of the room. He wanted to touch himself, but decided not to, figuring he'd come too soon, again. 

Josh glanced down at his cock. It was slick and coated with come. He jerked a little, a little shiver, and mumbled something. He jumped up and half-ran to the side hallway. Victor watched him, quizzically, confused, then laughed quietly when he realized Josh was running to the bathroom off to clean the come off his dick! He looked back at Joy; she caught his eye and laughed out loud, that throaty, womanly laugh. The sound made Victor's head pound. 

Joy smirked, locking eyes with Victor, her remaining suitor-of-sorts, and lowered one of her hands to her pussy. Victor figured she might stroke herself again, but instead, she slipped a delicate, elegant finger along the lips of her pussy. She rubbed, ever so slightly, then made a come-hither motion, crooking the finger, and when she lifted it it had come all over it. She raised the tip of the finger to her mouth, opened, and sucked the come off with a smiling expression, eyes teasing. Victor's mouth fell open and he almost came in the room without touching himself at all. Then she did it again. She kept doing it, sliding small amounts of come along her lips and licking it off, extending her tongue to taste, and showing off for Victor. 

Josh reappeared, looking around and giving the distinct appearance of discomfort and nervousness. He shot Victor an odd look, and glanced around. He was looking for his clothes.

Joy spoke.

"You guys had your fun. It's my turn. Both of you, get over here."

Victor instantly walked over to face Joy. She stayed on the couch, slumped, hand at her pussy. She started circling her clit. She spoke again, to Josh.

"Get over here, boy, come here. NOW."

Josh reluctantly wandered over in front of the couch. Victor stole a sideways look at his crotch; his cock was soft and done, and, he noted, freshly scrubbed. He had to smile a little bit. He caught a brief hint of a girly, feminine soap smell, and realized the air otherwise smelled of come, sex, and bodies. The contrast was striking, and he almost touched himself, but stopped his hand with a great deal of effort. He saw Joy flip her eyes from Josh's resting cock to Victor's raging hardon, and the woman moved the hand on her pussy.

Joy bared her teeth, snarling, a sudden and transforming facial change. She flipped her head back and clenched her teeth, face flushed. She opened her mouth wide, then clapped her teeth together with an alarming 'snap'.

She said, "Touch each other!"

Victor stood, surprised. He hesitated, then looked Joy in the eyes, squarely, and the fierceness of her expression made him suck in a breath; but then he looked deeper, and saw an incredible lust he'd never in his life seen in anyone, man or woman. He looked over at Josh.

Josh was standing, frozen in place, with a very unsure expression on his face. He looked at Victor, and made a unique face, combining confusion, hesitation, and repulsion. He glanced down at Victor's cock, and his lips curled. Victor almost laughed out loud.

Joy said, "Touch each other, you PUSSIES!"

Victor had to laugh. He tried to control it, but couldn't. He couldn't help it. He saw Josh flinch. Victor looked down at Joy, and her body inflamed him, but her eyes, her eyes, tore through him and made him almost crazy. He wanted to consume her. He controlled himself, just barely, and managed a casual shrug.

Victor said, "Hey, it's for the lady, right? What's the big deal? It's nothing to me, man. I'm cool with it." He knew he was taunting Josh, but was pretty sure the other man couldn't tell. He deliberately kept his voice under control, watching Joy's eyes. He saw her flash and then narrow her eyes, squinting in concentration. Her hand moved on her pussy.

Josh flinched again.

Victor shrugged, keeping his eyes locked on Joy's. He found Josh in his peripheral vision and reached out a hand. When his palm touched part of Josh's body, which he realized was a shoulder, he felt Josh jump like a kicked dog. When he did it, he saw and heard Joy gasp out loud. It was some sort of thing for her, he guessed. He could see her hand moving on her pussy, faster. 

Joy stammered, "Touch, touch, each OTHER!" She flipped her eyes to Josh. 

The arousal in her face made Victor flinch this time. He swiveled his head to look at Josh. When Josh caught him back, the other man worked his jaw in some combination of inner turmoil, discomfort, and likely fear. Victor deliberately shrugged again, and made a sideways face that said, he hoped, "Whatever, huh? It's nothing." Then he pointedly looked back at Joy. After several long seconds he felt an extremely tentative touch on his own shoulder. It felt like maybe two fingers. He almost laughed again, but kept it in, focusing on Joy's body. 

Joy snarled again. 

"TOUCH! EACH! OTHER! Come on, you mother fucking PUSSIES!"

Josh apparently gave up, and put his palm on Victor's shoulder. It felt cold and clammy, and wasn't arousing in the least. Victor moved his hand across Josh's shoulder in a casual gesture and slid down to the other man's chest; his reward was a stiffening of Josh's body, which was embarrassing and exasperating, but the second part of the reward was watching Joy's eyes flash and her free hand, which had been draped on the couch, move to her breasts, fondling her amazing body. 

Joy masturbated while Victor moved his hand on Josh, and Josh very, very carefully placed his palm on several parts of Victor's upper body, carefully not looking at anything at all. It reminded Victor of an old story from a children's book, about blind men feeling an elephant. He wanted to put his hand on his cock, but figured if he did Josh would absolutely freak out. Joy continued masturbating, mauling her own tits and pinching the nipples, sprawled on the couch and gasping, getting ready for an orgasm. Victor wanted to see that, very badly, and wasn't going to do anything to jeopardize the experience. Then Joy's body stiffened, and he knew she was about to do it. He waited, and then Joy opened her mouth and shouted.

"KISS each other!"

Josh's hand flew off Victor. He said, "What?"

Joy stiffened again, and her eyes dropped to Victor's cock. "KISS EACH OTHER!"

Victor looked over at Josh. The man was so obviously horrified Victor had to use every last bit of his self-control to avoid either laughing at or punching him. With the last shred of control he shrugged and said, "Whatever. It's her thing, man." He reached over, grabbed the back of Josh's neck, and pulled the man to his face. Josh was so shocked he was frozen into inaction, and, keeping his eyes locked on Joy's shuddering body, Victor brought the other man close and kissed him on the mouth, with carefully closed lips. 

Joy shouted out, a roaring "AHH!" and with his lips locked on Josh's, Victor saw Joy come. Josh got his presence of mind back and shoved Victor away; he wiped his mouth with his forearm, with an absolutely priceless expression on his face, and Victor instantly put the other man from his mind. He also had time to think, "I believe that's the worst kiss I've ever had in my life."

Joy rolled over, shaking, eyes closed, flailing, coming violently and thrashing. She shrieked, a scream, high pitched and piercing. She stopped momentarily, then flipped back on her ass, legs spread, and muttered, "Get it in me! Get it in me!"

Victor instantly dropped to his knees, shuffled forward, and buried his cock in Joy's slick, welcoming pussy. As soon as he was in her she yelled, loudly, some burbling profanity, and came again, hard. She flipped forward to wrap her arms around his neck, clenching and digging into Victor's body with her fingernails and shouting exclamations. He could feel her pussy clamping around him again and again, tightening, and it was difficult to move back and forth, until he felt his cock take control and ejaculate. He grabbed Joy and pressed her body close, pillowing her tits on him, while she screamed and came, shaking and tearing at his body. 

Victor came inside Joy; it wasn't as good as the first time, but the feeling was tremendous regardless. He waited it out, waiting for Joy to come down, and after several shocks that made her claw into him painfully, she stopped, stiffened one last time, and relaxed like a rag doll, finished. 

He slipped out of Joy. As soon as he did she rolled over into a fetal ball on the couch, knees to her chest, folded up, murmuring incoherently, eyes closed. Victor sat back, watching. Then he heard a noise.

When he turned around, he saw Josh pulling his shirt over his head, otherwise dressed. When his head popped through the collar, Victor saw the most hysterical, uncomfortable, comedic face he thought he'd ever seen. He thought, "THAT is priceless." Josh caught him looking, and made a defensive, angry but unsure face. He acted as though he was going to say something, but clenched his lips shut, shook his head in an exaggerated expression of disgust, and made for the door. He had his hand on the knob when he turned, opened his mouth, and apparently decided to say something after all.

Josh said, "You're SICK."

Victor shrugged and said, "Whatever, man." He didn't care. It had nothing to do with Josh; it was all about Joy. If he couldn't wrap his head around that, well, he thought, "Fuck him." Josh pulled the door open and scuttled out. 

Victor stood up, and felt very naked all of a sudden. His soft cock was coated in come, and wetness and semen was splattered all over his crotch and belly. He looked down at Joy; she was still curled up on the couch, naked and moaning softly. Victor looked around, located one of the throws he'd seen before, and snapped it open. He covered Joy with it. The woman gripped a corner and pulled it to her chin, tucking her feet into the other end, cocooning herself. She kept her eyes closed. Victor watched her for a while. She was out of it, completely. 

He decided to take a shower himself; he felt the smells on his body, and the come on his lower half was getting dry. He didn't bother taking any clothes with him; he picked up the wine bottle and headed to the bathroom, Joy's bathroom, to wash up.