 "Let's hit the pool again" I suggested. The girls agreed. We made our way through the house again and out to the pool. I jumped into the deep end and the girls followed close behind me. We made our way to some shallower water, and began to rinse ourselves off. The girls lightly splashed some water onto my chest, and then used their hands to wash it clean. I was using my hands to clean off the girls as their hands moved down my torso. As I washed the girls, I let my fingertips occasionally touch the sides of their nipples without ever going over the top of them. Sandy and Suzy had run their hands down to my thighs, and I felt one of them grab hold of my dick, and begin to slowly stroke it. More hands joined the one doing the stroking, until it was clear that both girls were involved, and my balls were receiving attention as well. I slowed my hands to match the speed of theirs. I was centering in on the nipples of the girls, running my fingers in circles around them, and then pressing gently on the hardened flesh. The feel of their smooth skin and stiff nipples literally took my breath away. The girls leaned in closer to me so that our legs were brushing together, and Sandy put her head close to mine.

"I want to see it squirt," she whispered breathlessly, "I want to watch your dick shoot your stuff out of it. I really do. Will you make it do it? So I can watch it happen?" Suzy had moved in to listen and from the look on her face I could tell that she wanted the same thing as her sister.

"I won't make it squirt for you" I answered softly. I could see disappointment cross their faces. "But I'll tell you two what to do and you ladies can make it squirt." Their eyes lit up with an inner fire. "Let's go in." We stepped quickly out of the pool, grabbed our towels, and headed inside. I led the two of them into my room, and Suzy closed the door behind us. I took the girls in my arms, and steered the three of us to the bed. I sat in the middle of the bed, stretched out along its length, and patted the bed on either side of me. Sandy came over and spread out against my right side while Suzy did the same along my left side. I turned my head and gave Suzy a soft, slow kiss, sucking at her lips as we parted. Sandy gently pulled my face to hers and pressed her mouth tightly against my mine. She kissed me firmly. Suzy was licking at my neck as I kissed her sister, and her tongue made its way up to my lips again. I met her lips in a hungry kiss, and our tongues came together as Sandy joined in again. My hands were roaming over their bodies as we kissed, and theirs were grasping at mine as well. Suzy took my hand and laid it over her breasts. I moved my fingers lightly across the skin and gingerly pulled on her nipples, tugging on each one in turn. The girls had hold of my dick at this point, with one pulling on it gently while the other was stroked the head.

"Tell us what to do," Suzy said urgently. "I can't wait any longer. I want to see it now." I had them slide down the bed until their tits were brushing my hips, and my dick was easy for them to see and touch.

"Just run your fingers lightly over my dick." I instructed them. "Go up and down its length and give some extra attention to the tip. Do the same thing with my balls too." I watched as the girls reached out their fingers and made contact with my dick. The sensation caused my dick to jump a little in anticipation. Sandy had zeroed in on the tip and the upper part of my dick, and Suzy was busy working on the base and my balls. Their touch was like little jolts of electricity running through me, and I could tell it was not going to take very long until the girls would get what they were waiting to see. 

"Hold my balls gently, and squeeze my dick at the base Suzy" I directed her. "Sandy, you squeeze the upper part, and you'll see more of the clear stuff. Use your fingers to spread it over the tip and down my dick." The girls followed my instructions and the precum began to flow out of the tip. Sandy was slipping her fingers rapidly over the head, with her fingertips circling the edge of the crown, and stroking the sensitive skin just below. Suzy had hold of the base. I could feel my dick throbbing in her hand as she began to slowly stroke up and down. Her other hand was softly massaging my balls, which were pulled up tight against the base. Sandy lifted her fingers to her mouth, licking them and tasting the slick liquid. As Sandy's fingers released my dick, Suzy slowly bent forward, and lightly kissed the tip of my dick. She paused a moment, and then licked her tongue over the tip several times. She lowered her lips again and gently sucked at the slit in the tip, then lifted her head and gave my dick a solid squeeze. Another large drop gathered at the tip, and this time it was Sandy whose mouth connected with my dick. As she sucked, she opened her lips slightly, and took more of the tip into her hot mouth. She licked at the tip as she held it in her mouth, and it was starting to put me over the edge. My dick began throbbing against her mouth and in Suzy's fingers as they griped me tightly.

"It's going to happen in just a minute" I whispered to them. "You can tell by how my balls are so tight, and you can feel my dick throbbing. Just keep touching and stroking it, and you two are going to make me squirt." I could hear the girls breathing heavily as they worked on my dick. They stroked and pumped with more urgency now they had almost reached their goal. "Keep stroking, but let go of the tip" I said to them just in time. Suzy kept stroking the base, and Sandy was holding my dick just below the tip as the first of my cum spurted out. The girls gasped and continued to work my dick. Spasm after spasm surged through my dick, and with each throb another large spurt came out. Thick drops were landing on my chest and stomach and the girls were adding more with each pump. After about fifteen large squirts, it slowed down and I told them to stop stroking and to just hold it. 

"Oh, Michael!" Suzy cried out. "It really does squirt right out of your dick. It just kept coming out again and again and again! That is so amazing. God, what a sight!" Suzy dipped her fingers into some of the creamy stuff and tasted them. An interesting look crossed her face, and she gathered up more and licked it from her fingers.

"It tastes so different than the other stuff." she remarked. "It's sort of sour and sweet at the same time, and kind of like a fruit taste too." Sandy took some and tasted it. 

"It's kind of hard to describe," she said. She scooped up a large glob and slipped it in her mouth, licking her lips as she withdrew her fingers. Suzy had scooted up and was sucking and licking it off of my skin in the same way she had slurped the Jell-O earlier. She moved over my body, finding each large drop and cleaning it off my skin. Sandy helped her by gathering drops on her fingers and then licking them clean with her tongue. When the pair and taken care of all of the drops, Sandy got up and headed to the bathroom to go get a washcloth. Suzy was still holding my dick at the base as it softened after my orgasm. 

"It's so cute when it's softer like this," she said. More of my cum was slowly dripping out of the tip, and she slid lower and laid her head on my stomach. Pulling on my softened dick, she placed the head against her lips and began to tenderly suck at the tip. I could feel her suction pulling my cum out of my dick. Each time she sucked, her lips went a little further over my dick, until they slipped over the crown, and she had the entire tip in her mouth. Holding the tip with her lips, she swirled her tongue over me, and licked at the slit. Suddenly, she sucked deeply on my dick, and it slithered into her mouth until her lips were more than half-way down its length. I could feel her soft moans of pleasure as she held me deep in her mouth. She leisurely pulled her lips up the length of my dick, and when she reached the end, she let it pop softly out of her mouth.

"Oh, Michael!" she moaned softly. "I really like this. I like the taste, and I like the way your dick feels in my mouth. It's so warm and heavy, and I just want to keep sucking on it." Suzy sucked me back into her mouth. With a little extra effort, she now had my entire length inside, and her lips were at the very base. Sandy had come back in the room and was watching as her sister worked my dick in her mouth. She made her way back to her side of the bed and knelt on the floor. Her face was close to her sister's as she watched Suzy, fascinated by the sight before her. Suzy still had my dick completely in her mouth, sucking on it with a lazy pace. I felt the tip slip to the back of her mouth and come to rest at the opening to her throat. She had sucked all of the cum from my dick, and as she leisurely worked, I could feel it was coming back to life again. Her lips had a tight grip on my dick as she sucked her way back up to the tip. Sandy leaned in closer to her sister.

"What's it like, Suzy?" Sandy asked. "Does it feel nice in your mouth?" Suzy lifted her mouth off of my dick and looked up to her sister.

"You have to try it Sandy." Suzy answered her sister. "It's soft and really warm and smooth and slippery. Try it. Just put the end in your mouth and suck on it. Just let it slip into your mouth. See if you can get all of in your mouth like I did!" Sandy took hold of me and brought her mouth down on the crown. It was already wet and slick from Suzy's saliva and as Sandy began to apply a soft suction it slipped easily into her mouth. She got a slightly surprised look on her face, and she ended up with my dick halfway in her mouth. She held me there a moment, and then started her sucking action again. She got a soft look in her eyes as her mouth made its way down the length of my dick. My dick was starting to harden again, and the tip reached the back of Sandy's mouth before her lips could reach the base. She continued to suck and as she swallowed, my dick began to enter her throat. She quickly lifted her mouth up and off of my dick and looked at it carefully.

"I knew it!" Sandy exclaimed. "I could feel it when it was in my mouth. It was getting hard again as I was sucking on it." She slid her mouth back over my dick. It was a little harder now and it went straight in until the tip was against her throat once again. She began to suck again, and my dick slowly moved deeper into her throat until her lips were at the base. My dick was continuing to harden as Sandy began bobbing her head gently up and down, causing the tip to move in and out of the top of her throat. She gave me a hard suck as she pulled her mouth off of my dick.

"Quick Suzy!" she said to her sister. "Try it so you can feel it getting hard when it's in your mouth. Suzy leaned in and slipped her mouth over my cock once again. I could feel her tongue pressing my dick against the roof of her mouth as her lips slid from the tip to the base in one smooth movement. By this time, I was almost completely hard again, and the head was pushing into her throat. Suzy rhythmically swallowed while she held me tightly in her hot mouth. She slowly lifted her lips and finally let my dick slip from her oral embrace. She wrapped her hand tightly around the base, shaking it lightly as she pointed the tip toward her sister. "I don't know about it getting hard" Suzy said to Sandy, "because it seems pretty hard already. But I can hardly believe how fast it happened." Suzy turned to me. 

"Does it always get hard again so quickly?" she asked. 

"Well," I replied, "It usually doesn't take too long, but with what the two of you have been doing to me, it seems to take even less time!"

"Will it be able to squirt again too?" Sandy asked with a devilish look in her eye. 

"It will, but it'll take longer this time" I answered. "Each time I cum, it kind of takes the pressure off, but I can tell you this – if my dick is able to get hard again, then it's able to squirt again too." The two of them smiled at me, and then Sandy hungrily swallowed my dick deep into her mouth and began to suck. A fast learner, she was quickly bobbing her head up and down the length of my shaft. Suzy watched her sister for moment before she began to lick and gently suck on my balls. The sight of the two of them working on my cock and balls was so hot to watch, and I let out a soft sigh. I could feel my cock was beginning that familiar throbbing inside Sandy's mouth, and I knew that it wouldn't be long until I shot my load for the girls. Suzy lifted her head and spoke to Sandy. 

"Look at his balls!" Suzy said with evident excitement. "See how tight they are. Remember this means that it's almost ready to squirt! Can you feel it throbbing in your mouth?" Sandy nodded her head in response as she continued her insistent sucking. "Let me try Sandy. I want to see how it feels to have it throb in my mouth."

Sandy reluctantly slipped my dick out of her mouth, and Suzy quickly took hold of it. "You can play with his balls and I'll suck on his...cock...for a while." Suzy was looking directly in my eyes as she said the word "cock" and the effect on me was instant. Neither of them had ever referred to my dick as anything other than "it" and Suzy had a glow in her eyes as she used the word. It was pulsating in her hand as her hot mouth slipped over the tip. Once again her attention to my dick was gentle but persistent as she began plunging my dick into her mouth. She would quickly take the complete length until her lips were tight around the base, and then would slowly lift her head until she was left sucking on only the tip. She was looking me in the eye this whole time, and watching her, as she watched my face, was driving me crazy. It wasn't long before I was right on the edge. My dick was throbbing powerfully in Suzy's mouth, and I could feel my balls were pulled tight against the base. My mouth was a little dry as I spoke. 

"It's going to shoot again in just a few more seconds," I told the two of them.

Sandy stopped playing with my balls and moved up so that she could get a close-up view of what was happening, but Suzy made no change in her movements. I guessed that she hadn't heard me, but I realized she must have since she was looking right at me when I spoke. 

"Uh...Suzy..." I managed to say, "I'm going to end up squirting in your mouth if my cock stays in there any longer." Suzy's eyes narrowed as she maintained their contact with mine, and I moaned in sudden recognition of her desire. She wanted me to shoot into her mouth! No wonder she had been so intent on my eyes and face. It was obviously her plan from the time she started working on my dick. My eyes must have betrayed my realization because there was a new fire in Suzy's eyes. She thrust herself down and stopped with her lips around the base and the tip far back in her throat. It was more than I could handle, and I shuddered and groaned as the first of my load coursed through my cock and into the depths of Suzy's mouth. My dick spurted a second and then a third time. Suzy was swallowing each time the sperm hit the back of her throat, and I kept my eyes on hers as the sensations overwhelmed me. After the third gush, she quickly released my cock, and pushed the tip against Sandy's mouth. My cock pulsed again and a stream of white shot across Sandy's cheek before she could get the tip into her mouth. It was so erotic to watch that I was completely overcome. I lay my head back and closed my eyes.

Sandy closed her lips tightly around the head and sucked gently as I continued to erupt. I felt four or five more spurts before my orgasm began to subside. I lay there panting and feeling drained as Sandy continued to suck the cum from my dick. The bed moved, and I opened my eyes just as Suzy planted her lips onto mine in a soft kiss. Our eyes met again as she slipped her tongue into my mouth, and as my tongue met hers I could taste the leftover tang of my own sperm. I pulled her close to me and kissed her deeply. Sandy gave my cock one last long suckle, and then let it slip from between her lips, and moved up to lie beside me. I gently broke my kiss with Suzy, and turned toward Sandy. Our eyes met, and I moved to kiss her as I had kissed Suzy. My lips opened to meet hers, and as she slipped her tongue into my mouth, I realized that she had kept my load in her mouth, and was now sharing it with me. I was a bit shocked and a little hesitant at first, but then the thought of what was happening overcame my reluctance, and I welcomed her gift. I had never tasted my own sperm before, but I wanted to share in the experience with the two girls. I swirled my tongue around my mouth and back into hers before I swallowed the creamy liquid. Sandy and I continued our kiss for several moments longer before our lips parted.

We lay together quietly for several minutes before I broke the silence. "I have never felt anything so incredible before in my life. I've made myself cum a lot of times before, and just the fact that it's you two doing it to me makes it so much better than when I do it. But the warmth and wetness of your mouths on my dick was just unbelievable! It made everything so much more intense." 

"It was pretty amazing for me too" Suzy added. "I loved sucking on you to begin with, and when I knew that you were about to shoot I just couldn't stop. Your cock was throbbing so much that it seemed so full of life. When I got all of it into my mouth and it started squirting, it was like we were completely connected to each other. I couldn't tell where you ended and I began. I wanted to just keep sucking and sucking and sucking. It was really hard for me to pull your cock out of my mouth when it was squirting, but I wanted Sandy to have the same sensations I did."

"Well I certainly had plenty of sensations!" Sandy stated loudly. "But I know just what you mean Suzy. For a while it seemed like there was nothing else in the world except for my mouth and this cock throbbing and squirting." Sandy grinned at Suzy and me as she continued. "I wasn't quite sure how you would handle my little 'gift', but I guess I knew it would be okay."

Suzy had a puzzled look on her face and I remembered that she would be unaware of what had happened. "When I was shooting in Sandy's mouth," I explained, "she didn't swallow like you did. She kept it all in her mouth." Suzy looked like she was beginning to understand. "So when she kissed me she was giving me a full taste of my own sperm. I was pretty shocked at first, but then it seemed so natural that I just got into what was happening. Actually, I found that I really liked it."

"Well, I like it too and you two could've shared a little with me!" Suzy responded. I could tell that she was mostly teasing us, but was somewhat serious at the same time. I quickly promised her that next time we'd share with her too.

It was getting late in the afternoon and time for the girls to head home. As they got up to get dressed, we all realized they had left their tops out by the pool. I quickly retrieved them and laughed at the way they shivered as the cool, damp material was pulled over their sensitive nipples. We made our way to the front door, and after a soft but quick exchange of kisses we parted for the day.

After the girls were gone, I went back down to my room and stretched out on my bed. My head was sort of spinning from what had happened in the last two days and I was still trying to sort it all out. I wasn't sure what I thought might happen when this whole thing started, but what I had already experienced was almost beyond belief. Some of it was what I hoped might eventually happen, but much of it was completely unexpected. But through all of it was this sense open and innocent discovery. I was lost in thought as I remembered the sensations of the afternoon. I remembered Suzy's oily hands on my dick, and then Suzy slipping her thumb inside my ass. I had already though about my ass as something sensual and sexual, but I was thinking about only my cheeks! When she was rubbing back and forth across my anus, something within me wanted to feel her thumb inside me. The experience was hotter and more erotic than I would have ever believed. Then the girls playing with me until I came. I was very familiar with many different kinds of ways to touch my dick since I had been playing with it from a very early age, but this was completely different. When I touch myself, my brain is already anticipating what is coming next because it is guiding the whole process. When the girls were touching me there was no way for me to anticipate. All of my senses were on edge and every new touch was like little jolts of electricity running through my body. Then the warmth and wetness of their mouths as they sucked and licked my soft cock so nicely that not only did I get hard again, but I quickly came a second time. I had always wondered what it would feel like to have my hard cock inside a pussy, but whatever I may have thought before, I was sure I had a much more accurate mental image after today. And the sensation of shooting into their mouths while they sucked and swallowed was something I truly couldn't put into words. 
