 Like previous chapters, there is no summary to introduce this new chapter. If you want to know the context, please read the previous chapters.

Chapter 4

Joy's bathroom break created a pause in the heated action. Heather and Charli sat, snuggled together, at the head of the bed. David sat near Heather. 

Heather patted David's flaccid cock. "Good job, big guy," she giggled.

"Fuck, that was hot!" David responded. "Thank you for that."

Heather looked at Austin. "Do you guys do this crazy shit often?"

"No," Austin laughed. "No . . . We probably have a bit more naughty fun than most couples, but this . . ." Austin's eyes scanned the four naked people in front of him. "This is a first."

Austin looked down at his still hard cock pointing rudely out into the room. "Honestly, I feel a little awkward standing here in a group with my cock looking so . . ."

"Delicious?" Charli used his loss for words to interrupt. "Come here. I'll keep him busy until Joy gets out." She gave him the come hither signal.

Austin moved to the side of the bed near Charli and she enveloped his hard-on with her mouth. Then pulling back off of him, she said, "Oh my god, the second cock in my mouth tonight and this one tastes like my pussy!" 

Charli went back to sucking Austin's cock.

The door to the bathroom opened and Joy walked out to find her man's cock in Charli's mouth. She walked forward and pressed her naked body against Devin's back. Her hands wrapped around his hard cock.

"I'm going to use you up in just a few minutes. You're going to come in my pussy while Austin fucks my ass. That ok?"

Devin turned, kissed her hard and moaned his approval of her plan into their kiss.

"First, I want to give Austin some of that treatment you received earlier," Joy pulled away and crawled across the bed to put her face near Charli's busily sucking mouth.

Charli turned and kissed Joy, letting Joy taste her man on her tongue. The girls broke their kiss and started licking Austin's cock in unison, each taking turns sliding him into their mouths. Austin was in heaven and let them have their way with his well-treated cock.

"I like getting sloppy. Do you mind?" Joy asked Charli.

"Girl, get as naughty as you want. I'm high on cock. It's all good."

Joy began to deepthroat Austin's veiny engorged cock, but stopped swallowing her saliva. She let Austin's cock force her saliva past her lips as she choked on him. Soon, her drool flowed down and dripped from his balls. Joy pulled off occasionally to breathe and let the drool string out from her lips and dangle from her chin.

Charli watched in admiration at Joy's devotion to her depraved act. Without thinking, she stole Austin's cock from Joy and began emulating Joy's nasty technique. She felt her own saliva flowing out and mixing with Joy's. She shoved herself hard down on Austin's cock. In her mind, she desperately wanted to be able to take him as deep as Joy had. 

"It seems impossible," Joy whispered in her ear, "but relax your panic response. Relax your throat. Find the angle and let him slide past your gag reflex into your throat." Joy watched as Charli worked it out. 

Suddenly, just for a split second, Austin's cock slid an inch or so deeper. Surprised, Charli pulled off, choking a little. Her eyes watered and her saliva dripped from her lips.

"Oh, fuck! I'm sorry, I choked," Charli sputtered to Austin. 

"You did it!" Joy answered. "It takes practice to hold it longer and deeper."

Charli swallowed hard and looked determined. She took Austin's cock in her mouth again, working him back and forth for a few strokes, then pressed herself forward. Joy's hand cupped the back of Charli's head and helped push her forward just when his cock slipped deeper into her throat. Charli held him while her throat tried to swallow. Austin groaned in pleasure.

"So good!" Joy told Charli as she relaxed her pressure on the young girl's head. Charli pulled off of Austin, gulped for breath then kissed Joy with her sloppy wet mouth. Joy kissed her back enthusiastically.

"Jesus!" Heather looked at Joy with amazement. "You should teach classes."

"Anytime," Joy answered. She turned back to Charli. "I'll let you practice with his cock any time, baby, except right now. I have need of him."

Joy stood up and handed Austin a bottle of lube. "Get yourself ready, my love. This is finally going to happen."

She walked around the bed to Devin, pressed her naked body to his and kissed him. Devin wrapped his strong arms around her. His large hands completely encompassed her tight, muscular ass cheeks. In one smooth movement, he lifted her until her legs wrapped around his waist. Joy's arms wrapped around his neck and she kissed him while suspended by her legs around his waist and his hands under her ass. Austin noticed that Joy's plug had been removed and her ass glistened with lube.

Devin's hard cock protruded menacingly below Joy's pussy. In one smooth movement, Devin lifted Joy, swung his big cock upward, and lowered Joy down. Her soaked pussy's opening captured his cockhead and she paused a moment. Then, with a deep groan, she relaxed her arms and legs and lowered herself down onto his penetrating black cock. Joy's mind was overwhelmed by the eroticism of being so physically committed to accepting Devin's use of her pussy. In this position, he could fuck her as deeply as he wanted. Joy knew that she had an audience behind her, including her man, Austin. They were seeing her accept ownership by Devin's cock. Joy found that idea hyper-erotic.

Joy went wild on Devin's cock within a few long strokes. Her legs and his arms worked together to raise her to the top of his cock, then they both allowed her to drop violently down to fuck his big cock fully into her gushing pussy. 

Charli seemed to be unable to take her eyes off of the sight of Joy's pussy being so profoundly taken by Devin's shiny cock. She watched Joy's pussy juice running down Devin's smoothly shaved balls. Charli knelt below Joy and reached out to touch the wetness on Devin's balls. Devin moaned at the feel of her fingers sliding over his scrotum. Encouraged by his noisy approval, Charli moved in closer and touched her tongue to Devin's balls. Devin held Joy still and allowed Charli to enjoy licking Joy's pussy juice from him. Charli licked and sucked his balls hungrily. Then, with a flourish, she moved her tongue upward and licked Joy's blatantly exposed asshole. After a quick tease of Joy's ass, Charli pulled back, then forcefully spanked both of Joy's ass cheeks.

"Back to getting fucked, girl!" Charli told Joy. Devin resumed his rhythmic bouncing of Joy's tiny body on his cock. Joy seemed even more feverish in her need after Charli's surprise addition to the erotic moment.

"Baby, come here!" Joy begged Austin. "I was going to do this on the bed, but this is too fucking good. Please fuck my ass right here, right now!"

Austin moved closer, rubbing the lube on his hard cock. Devin moved his arms and hooked his elbows under Joy's knees. His hands, behind her back, pulled her in close. Soon, Joy felt Austin slide a finger in her ass, then two. The plug had served its purpose of preparing her asshole for Austin's invasion. She ground herself up and down on Devin's cock while she accepted the delicious feeling of Austin's fingers fucking her ass.

Joy's mind was in full erotic overload dreamland as she felt Austin's fingers slide out and the large blunt head of his cock start pressing against her asshole. She and Austin had performed double penetration with his cock and a dildo on several occasions. It had become their favorite fantasy. Now, it was finally happening. She was entering a new level of sluttiness. 

Joy squeezed her legs tightly on Devin and held still with his cook buried deeply in her pussy. Devin understood and waited. Just as Devin heard Joy scream in delighted pain, he felt the pressure and movement of Austin's cock sliding into Joy's ass.

"OH, GOD!!" Joy screamed as Austin's rock-hard cock stretched her asshole open. She tossed her head back and let out an animal scream, "Aaaahhh! Fuck! It . . . Hurts . . . So . . . Good!" 

"You ok, baby?" Austin asked while he held still.

"God, yes! Fuck me slowly, both of you." 

Devin and Austin worked together to set up a slow rhythm, each pulling out as the other slowly slid in. Joy's body and mind teetered on the edge of sensual oblivion. The incredible feeling of fullness was better than she imagined or had experienced with dildos. Real, warm, flesh and blood cocks felt so much better than artificial substitutes. Her body, seemingly possessed by its own needs, began to rhythmically grind down on their cocks. Her action pulled together the men's rhythms until she was bouncing up and down, impaling her tiny, tight body on both of their stiff cocks. It was beautifully raunchy spectacle.

Joy's screams, cries, and moans flooded the room. Charli had remained in her kneeling position beside the trio since she had been drawn to the union of Devin's dark and Joy's light skin. Her vantage point gave her a close-up, intimate view of Joy's slutty desires finally realized. Charli could hardly believe that the two large cocks Joy was riding could actually fit in her small body. Joy's sounds of sexual abandonment were the soundtrack to the hardcore pornographic play for which Charli had a front row seat.

Charli's mouth hung open. Both of her hands worked on her over-heated pussy. She plunged the fingers of one hand into her pussy and flicked her clit with the fingers of her other hand. She panted and stared, fully engrossed in watching Joy abuse herself on the two cocks.

Joy caught sight of Charli and, for a brief moment, she stared into Charli's eyes. She could see something unexpected in Charli's probing stare - admiration. Joy's sexual animal could feel Charli's emotion - like a young lioness admiring the skill and power of the experienced lioness. Joy knew in that moment that she was going to help Charli become a powerful lioness.

Joy's moment of lucidity ended as Austin held her still and slowly pulled out of her ass. 

"Let's move to the bed," he whispered to Joy and Devin. Devin lifted Joy off of his cock and helped her stand on wobbly legs.

Joy turned and embraced Austin. "Oh, my god! That was the best fucking of my life!" She told him while squeezing him tightly. "I want more! More cocks!"

Joy released Austin and crawled onto the bed where David and Heather had been watching Joy's crazed double penetration. Heather's hand, stroking David's cock while they watched, had restored David's cock to full attention. 

Joy slid forward and kissed Heather. Her hand slid under Heather's cum-dripping pussy and she slid two fingers into the young girl's welcoming wetness. 

Joy broke the kiss. "I let you borrow him, but I need him now." Joy straddled David's cock and sank herself down on him. Joy and David began kissing in earnest as she rode his cock slowly and moaned into his mouth. She pushed his legs close together with her feet and turned to Austin.

"Fill my ass back up, baby!" Joy begged Austin. Having anticipated her need, Austin was already stroking his cock with fresh lube. He straddled David's legs and held Joy still while he pushed deep into her ass. Even after double-fucking her with Devin, the tightness of her ass while being simultaneously filled by David's cock in her pussy, verged on painful. 

"Hold still!" Joy ordered her two penetrators. She then started fucking herself down and back onto their cocks. The room came alive with her noises again.

Joy saw Devin move toward Charli and called out, "No! All of the cocks are mine right now! Get over here and let me suck my pussy juice off of your big cock while I'm getting thoroughly fucked."

Devin changed course and climbed on the bed, pointing his raging cock at Joy's mouth. 

Joy turned to the girls. "I'm sorry, you need to take care of each other for a little bit. I hunted down these cocks for my own fantasy first." Joy turned back to Devin's cock and swallowed it down her throat. 

Austin watched in amazement. His girlfriend was eagerly and energetically pleasuring three cocks. They had fantasized about this together, but now, it was really happening. Amazingly, Joy looked like she was experienced at handling three cocks. She moved in a wave motion, with a slow movement down on the cocks in her pussy and ass that rebounded with a snap from the point where both cocks bottomed out to their basses. Then, as she moved upward, she drove Devin's cock slowly into her mouth and throat and rebounded from the point where her nose pressed firmly against Devin's crotch.

Joy seemed to revel in this motion as she skewered herself on three cocks. One hand rubbed her clit. Her body wanted every erogenous nerve to be stimulated. Austin helped ensure her sensual overload by wrapping his hands around her, holding her breasts, and pinching her sensitive nipples. 

Joy's mind was gone. She was pure sensation. Her body moved, seemingly driven by a deep inner instinct. Her pace accelerated. She gulped in extra breath around Devin's cock. Her movements became almost violent. Her fellatio sounds became gags, then self-forced choking, gulping, choking noises. Her rapid movement slung her dangling saliva all over her chest and Devin's balls. Suddenly Joy opened her mouth wide around Devin's cock and screamed like an orgasmic animal. Her spasms wracked her body. As she caught the wave of her body's rhythm, she drove her head down violently on Devin's cock.

The extreme eroticism of the moment and Joy's unexpected self-abuse on his cock caused Devin to explode. His come spewed into Joy's throat and filled her mouth. She gagged and swallowed to allow him to keep spraying his come into her mouth, but some of his come leaked past her lips and dripped from her chin.

Watching Joy take Devin's come so eagerly in her mouth and throat was the last shove over the edge that Austin needed and his long-awaited orgasm ripped through him. He screamed long and hard and pumped his come into Joy's still spasming ass.

Despite having already come once that night, David had no chance against the erotic scene above him. Feeling Joy's impossibly tight pussy spasming on his cock, seeing Devin fill Joy's mouth with come, then feeling Austin's cock pulsing in her ass - it was all too much for David to hold off. He exploded in Joy's pussy and felt Joy's pussy milking the come from his well-used cock.

Joy started cry-laughing. With her hand partially over her mouth, she managed to slowly get out what she wanted to say. 

"Oh . . . oh my . . . God! That was the . . . the . . . most incredible . . . most incredible . . . thing ever."

Austin pulled his shrinking cock slowly out of Joy's ass and laid down on the other side of the bed.. Joy fell over toward him on the bed, pulling her pussy off of David's cock. She sat down between Austin and David. As she did, she was able to see the sexy scene that had escaped her attention while she was focused on enjoying three cocks simultaneously. The two sexy girls had taken her advice to take care of each other.

Charli was over Heather in a sixty-nine position with Heather's shoulders on two stacked pillows. Charli's face was pressed firmly against Heather's smooth, shiny, wet pussy and Charli's equally sexy pussy was twitching over Heather's noisily slurping mouth. 

"So lovely . . . " Joy muttered. She stared at the naked college girls and was stunned by how young they looked in that position. Joy's hand went immediately to her own clit. Her orgasm aftershocks had just faded, yet her naughty body immediately became primed for more debauchery. 

Austin, Devin, and David also watched the hot lesbian sixty-nine. The fact was not lost on the men that the two girls were close friends and had never had sex with each other before, but were now so turned on that they had crossed the sex line. Their immersion in pleasure with each other was extremely erotic.

Austin was the first of the men to move away from the scene as he headed for the bathroom. Just as he closed the door, he heard Charli scream out in pleasure. He assumed Heather must have been doing a good job licking Charli's pussy.

When Austin returned to the room, he discovered the real cause of Charli's scream. Joy was behind Charli, licking Charli's asshole while finger-fucking her pussy. Heather was still licking Charli's clit. Charli had lost the ability to focus on Heather's pussy and was holding herself up with her arms. Her back was arched into the sensual assault by the two women's mouths and fingers. 

"Uunh . . . Fuck! Ahh . . . Fuck! Oh, my god . . ." Charli was babbling, grunting, squealing and screaming. Her orgasm seemed imminent. She gripped handfuls of the bedsheet in clenched hands. 

"Oh . . . Fuck! Oh . . . Fuck! Oh . . . Fuuuck!" Charli shook and spasmed in orgasm. Throughout Charli's rolling ecstasy, Heather and Joy kept their tongues busy until Charli fell forward and collapsed, panting for breath.

Joy took the opportunity to give Heather an upside-down kiss and taste Charli's pussy juice on Heather's lips. Joy smacked Charli's ass.

"If you let me, I can finish what you started with Heather." Joy told Charli. "That ok?'' Joy asked Heather.

Heather smiled at Joy. "Yes, please." Heather answered.

Charli moved slowly off of Heather and laid down beside her. Joy moved between Heather's legs and slowly started licking Heather's aroused pussy. Heather was immediately in heaven.

While Joy was treating Heather to yet another mouth on her pussy, David got dressed and whispered something to Austin. Austin pointed at the desk and David used the pen and pad there to leave his number. He moved back to the bed, bent over Heather and gave her a kiss on her cheek while she was kissing Charli.

"Gotta go, sweetheart. Thank you."

Heather stopped kissing Charli to kiss David. "Thank you," she told him while gasping from Joy's attention to her clit.

David shook hands with Austin and let himself out of the room.

Meanwhile, Devin had taken a seat propped against the headboard watching the women. Austin sat on the desk chair. Both men watched until Heather shrieked in orgasm.

Having accomplished her mission, Joy slid up Heather's body and started kissing both girls softly.

"I believe we all just had a pretty good night, yes?" Joy asked the girls. Everyone laughed.

"The best night possible," Charli answered.

"Perfect." Joy replied.

Over the next half hour, Charli and Heather slowly dressed, exchanged contact information with Joy, and said their goodbyes. Joy hopped out of bed to kiss them both as they left, but quickly returned to the spot she had established for herself under the sheets and pressed up against Devin. Her naked cuddling with Devin as the girls got dressed had clearly signaled that she wanted him to remain after they left.

Soon, only Joy, Devin, and Austin, now partially clothed, remained in the hotel room. 

"My love, would you mind going down to the bar and getting me a fresh drink?" Joy asked Austin while giving him her naughty smile. 

Austin grinned and checked his watch. "They might still be open, baby. Of course, I don't mind." Austin pulled on his pants. "I'll get us all a last round."

As Austin waited for the drinks, he considered his sexually insatiable girlfriend. She was obviously not ready for the night's activities to end. 

Ever since Austin and Joy had been together, three years now, their sex had been off-the-charts amazing. Very soon after their relationship started, their openness and comfort with one another had led to openly shared fantasies and the thrill of adding other sexual partners into their fun. Joy had found inspiration in being Austin's 'naughty little slut.' 

Tonight had been a new, higher plateau for Joy's slut life and, by all indications, she was loving every minute of it. She also didn't seem ready for it to end just yet.
