 This is my first submission, I greatly appreciate all feedback.

Big thanks to Whoredinarygirl for the editing.

There are already 3 more chapters in the works, I hope you enjoy.

*****

My name is Dan. I consider myself to be average in every way: dark brown hair, hazel eyes and medium build. 

I used to think at 6'3 I was tall, but more and more everyone else seems to be getting taller.

I have a mundane job in data entry, but I at least have had opportunity to work with some great people.

Emma is my best friend, not just at work but a real best friend. We understand each other, tolerate each other, and work very well together. 

Personally, I would have taken things further if not for her long term boyfriend or me being married when we first met and her insistence that I'm like her brother. 

I respond by telling her she's like my stepsister. I love her in a non-sexual way, but I can still admit she is very sexy: with blonde hair, green eyes, and a gorgeous smile. She also has a beautiful figure, D cup breasts that I'm sure would only sag slightly if set free, sweet curves, and an ass I know I've been caught checking out as she bends over at work a million times.

Seeing me through my divorce brought us closer and probably pushed my friendship into adoration and a longing for someone who can understand me and support me like she does, but still think of me sexually. 

Sitting at my desk watching the clock on a friday afternoon Emma comes over to lean against my desk 

"What's the plan for your weekend?"

I take a moment to think it over and try to see some cleavage, but am thwarted by the layers of tops she constantly wears at work. 

"Dunno, watch some movies, go for a run, nothing exciting. You?"

"Mark and I are having some people over for a barbecue on Saturday night."

I'm not expecting an invite at this point because although Emma is my best friend, she has a much wider circle of friends, most I've never met. She seems to be thinking it over and comes to a decision. 

"You should come. It's all people you know but it's also all couples."

I've never been uncomfortable around people and being single after so long, I do like a chance to pickup, but not seeing anything better on my schedule I think stuff it.

"Sounds cool, need me to bring anything?"

"Just yourself and your drinks," she replies, rewarding me with one of those killer smiles. 

Finally knockoff time rolls around and heading out to the car, I wait for Emma to confirm Saturday night. 

"Who else is coming for the barbie?" 

"Erica and Tom, Rachel and Brad, Natalie and Darren, us and you now." 

"Great, I guess I'll see you all there, then." I was starting to look forward to Saturday night as these were people I knew pretty well. 

At the last company both Emma and I worked there, Rachel, Natalie and Erica all worked with us there as well. 

Being familiar with everyone going I knew it wouldn't be an awkward night. 

Brad was into video games and rugby like me, so he was easy to talk to.

Darren was always good for a laugh and just had heaps of stories to swap. Mark and Tom were car guys. Having some previous experience in the car industry but not being interested, I could at least hold a conversation. 

Saturday was all pretty much wasting time until the barbecue. 

I made sure to shower, wash my hair, and shave. 

I always tried to keep my pubic area well shaved as hair itched and drove me insane. 

You also never know when someone might be in the area.

Driving out to Emma's house, I stopped by the bottle shop for supplies and was there before the others. 

Emma opened the door wearing a black, vintage style dress that made her look stunning. 

At work she wore layers to hide herself. Her theory was that her body was for her to show off to those she chose, to not everyone that passed by.

This dress certainly showed her off; her breasts were pressed together and lifted slightly, resulting in some gorgeous cleavage from my higher vantage point. 

The dress stopped just short of her knees, giving the occasional flash of some very soft inviting looking thighs.

I was ushered inside and said hi to Mark with a handshake. 

Mark was maybe 5'6 and another guy I would have described as totally average, but I had to admit he has some very piercing blue eyes.

Making small talk asking about his work and his drag car earned me a trip to the shed to see the latest round of work.

By the time we returned, Natalie and Darren were in the kitchen chatting away with Emma. 

Natalie and Darren are a very fit couple, training together they both maintain themselves nicely. 

Natalie still has some impressive D cup breasts and an ass that is supremely firm from her fitness. She was wearing simple jeans and a t-shirt that really shows her ass and legs off well.

Mark starts prepping the barbecue and Emma has her hands full of salad when the next knock comes. 

"I'll get it for you, Em," I call out heading for the door. 

Opening it reveals Rachel and Brad.

Another fitness driven couple. Brad is more a lifter and muscle builder than Darren and it shows, but Rachel, while fit, still has some very soft looking parts to her womanly figure. 

With her weight loss her boobs shrank, much to her horror from a C cup to a B, but she was genetically blessed with a nicely rounded ass that never disappeared.

Both wearing shorts and t-shirts, I wave them through with a handshake and a hug just in time for Erica and Tom to pull up. 

Watching this gorgeous little pixie exit the car was making me regret wearing jeans myself, and I predicted that this wouldn't be the last time for the night I had to try and secretly adjust myself. 

Erica is a tiny thing, barely weighing more than 50kg, and the youngest of the gathering at 21. 

But with bright red hair and a gorgeous smile, she was still captivating, being young enough to still enjoy wearing small dresses that made men keep looking to try and see something peeking out. 

Tom was your typical looking football player wearing the much seen t-shirt and jeans of the evening.

With everyone gathered, we all exchanged updates on life and enjoyed a great dinner with plenty of drinks and good friends. 

After the food, most people broke off into small groups of discussion around the lounge room. 

Not being caught in one of these groups, I sat in an armchair to reflect on being single in a room full of couples.

Slowly I was considering making my excuses and going home while there was enogh time to watch a movie before I got too tired, when Emma wandered over and sat on the arm of the chair. 

"You aren't leaving yet," she says.

With I chuckle I tell her, "Get out of my head Em, you might find some stuff that will scare you in there." 

Leaning in with one hand resting on my leg for balance she said, "Really? I think you'd be surprised at what it takes to scare me."

My cock is very aware of her hand on my leg and starts to harden, making me shift slightly to allow it some room to grow. Emma leans in a little closer with her lips brushing my ear and whispers,

"Maybe you'd like to get into my... head."

The pause makes my cock twitch, thinking of what else could have been said, but my brain knows she is committed to Mark and figures she's messing with me. 

Turning to look her in the eyes, our noses almost touching, "I think I could handle you, your mind that is." 

Then the unbelievable happens, Emma closes the gap and presses her lips to mine.

Pulling back totally stunned, I cant believe what's happening.

"Look around you, Dan," she tells me with a smirk. Looking about all I see is the groups in conversation, Mark and Tom talking about cars with Erica standing by looking bored and Rachel, Brad, Darren, and Natalie talking fitness. 

"No one saw?" I guessed feeling a little slow at the incredulous look on her face. 

"Ok, now really look, stupid" she taunted me.

Knowing I must be missing something, I look again.

Watching the car conversation I noticed a hand on Erica's ass.

Nothing strange, Tom should have his hand on that tight little ass. Then I realize it's actually Mark's hand. 

He is fully massaging Tom's girlfriend's ass with his own looking on in front of us all. 

Then switching to the other group, Brad has his shirt off flexing and Natalie is stripped to her underwear trying to outdo him. Darren and Rachel are shaking their heads now slightly off to the side with their arms around each other.

The realization must have shown on my face because Emma let out a snort of frustration, "Oh, now he gets it. Lets try again."

With her hands on my face she pulls me toward hers. Thinking 'to hell with it.' I let her take control. 

At first it is just a pressing of lips, then she licks my lips sending a shudder through my whole body.

Opening my mouth to accept her tongue, our tongues start to dance. My heart is racing and my cock stiffening painfully, I still can't believe what is happening. 

Straddling my lap to get more comfortable and grinding slightly on my hardened member Emma moans softly into my mouth. 

Pulling back to look me in the eyes again she asks,

"So do you think you can handle this?"

"I dunno, I guess I need to properly see what you want me to handle."

Playfully she slaps my chest.

"Really?" she asks. "I guess that's fair." 

She stands up and reaches behind herself for the dress' fastening.

Quickly tearing my eyes away from the extra cleavage this movement creates, I find the lounge room now deserted.

Snapping my eyes back to Emma in time for her dress to slip down, slowly exposing her beautiful breasts. 

I smile at confirmation of my theory of how much, or how little, they move.

Then I'm hypnotized by more flesh being revealed, down her slightly padded stomach, showing amazingly curved hips, to finally some gorgeous black lace panties.

"You like?" she asks with a slight note of nerves in her voice.

"Em, you are a fucking angel," I answer honestly trying to drink in all of her body. 

Turning about she askes again, "Even my fat butt?"

Chuckling at her insecurity "Dunno, can't really see with all that lace in the way." 

She stays facing away from me and hooks her thumbs in the waistband of her panties.

Slowly sliding them down her legs, she fully shows off the ass that looks even better than when I peeked on it at work, especially with her slightly glistening lips just showing through as she got the panties to the floor.

Turning back to the front to show her smoothly waxed pussy and placing her hands on hips, 

"Well?" she inquires.

"I'll be honest Em, I've thought about you naked before, but my imagination couldn't even come close to how fucking sexy you look right now."

"Right answer," she says, "now it's my turn to finally see what's been hidden."

Standing up before her I feel very nervous, but I've never been one to be concerned with my nudity. I'd get naked for anyone.

But somehow fearing some judgment from my best friend made me hesitate.

Then realizing this might just all be a dream and I'm passed out drunk in Emma's toilet, I just go with it.

I remove my shirt in one movement to show my almost toned chest and stomach, I don't quite have a six pack, but you can make it out if you look for it. 

Then I undo my jeans and slide them and my underwear down in one go.

My cock springs free and feeling harder to me than I thought possible. I see a smile from Emma. 

Starting forward for another kiss, she suddenly shoves me back into the chair and smoothly glides to her knees taking my cock in one hand and my balls in another 

"Relax" she says soothingly. 

Gently griping and starting movements up and down my shaft, she licks the tip of my member. 

Groaning and leaning back into the chair I let her take control again.

She starts to work my cock in her mouth in time with her hand, occasionally stopping to lick all down the shaft and suck my balls gently one at a time, then to come back up and work the head with her lips again. 

When I feel myself growing close I reluctantly lift her face up and tell her, "My turn for a taste." 

Both of us standing face to face, we embrace and I can't help but be amazed at all the sweet, soft flesh pressing against me.

Slowly turning us around I pull us slightly apart

"Sit down, please my, dear." 

She lowers herself so slowly into the chair in a movement that makes her appear as liquid pouring herself in.

She hooks one leg then the other over the arms of the chair to open her glistening pussy before me.

"Holy fucking shitballs," I mutter, still not believing this is happening. 

"Hurry up and get in there," she says with some impatience. 

Dropping to my knees to worship the goddess before me, I lean forward stopping before contact to inhale the scent of her want.

Kissing around her outer lips, then I gently run my tounge up and down her slit. 

With her hands in my hair now I flick my tounge quickly across her protruding clit a few times earning me a shudder and a moan. 

My hands on silky thighs I pause to look up at her and revel in the veiw smooth, open pussy just near my face, upwards to beautifully sized breasts shifted out to the side a little to the look on her face, which almost made me cum.

Eyes closed, head tilted back slightly and biting half her lower lip, I was determined to make her cum lots and see that gorgeous face glow in pleasure. 

Diving back in, I started jabbing my tounge in her opening then back to circle her clit, trying a few different things to let her guide me to what she liked best. 

Sensing that it was her clit craving attention now, I stayed focused there and tried the trick I've heard of by drawing the alphabet on her clit. 

Somewhere around p she really starts to grind her pussy into my face and taking the cue, I push my tounge hard inside her.

Fucking her with my tounge and curling it up slightly to try and hit her pleasure center, I feel her start tensing and go at it for all I'm worth. 

Before long, I'm rewarded with her pussy clenching my tounge tight and a rush of juices that tastes unbelievable.

"Oh yes!" Gripping the chair tight, I watch her ride it out whilst licking my chin. 

"Get up here and do that again with your cock, now." Never one to want to disappoint my friends, I lean over her placing my hard member at her entrance. 

"You really sure, Em?"I ask giving one last chance to break the spell and return to reality. 

Her response is to lean up, bite my neck, grip my ass with both hands and pull me balls deep inside her pussy. 

"Oh fuck, Em, you feel so good!" She leans back again with a grin.

"Now you get out of my head," she steals my earlier line.

Laughing together doesn't last long as I start thrusting into her, wanting to watch her cum from up close.

She keeps her legs over the arm of the chair to give me free movement and the feeling of her hard nipples grazing my chest in rhythm with my thrusts is driving me crazy, I begin to fuck in a frenzy. 

Pushing up into a squat position with my hands on her hips I fuck like a man possesed.

Feeling her pussy walls constrict my cock I watch her face intently. 

Her full lips part to form an 'o' and she silently breathes out her orgasm. I can feel her juices running down my balls and onto my legs. I pound her hard, desperate to join her.

Feeling the ecstacy that is her orgasm around my cock I realized my mistake, I must have still cum slightly after the blow job but not enough to steal my arousal. 

Knowing from past experience that it takes a fair bit for me to cum again so soon, I just keep thrusting, hoping that multiple orgasms for Emma will milk one from me. 

The hard, wet slapping of my furious movement and the feeling of her cum gracing my thighs brings me close but not quite there. 

Gently she puts her hands on my hips slowing my thrusts. 

"Sorry buddy, my hips are done."

Looking at how far I've pushed her legs out and knowing my friend will be sore tomorrow, I reluctantly move back to let her put her legs forward. 

"You're still a little messy there Em, let me help."

Kneeling again, I gently kiss her pussy, avoiding the very sensitive areas and kissing her puffy red lips with thanks. 

I begin to lick all her juices from her legs, gaining myself a little squeak when I clean off her tiny puckered anus. 

"Hey mister, no funny business." 

"Just trying to get you all clean," I say.

Following one drip further down her thigh, I nearly have a heart attack when another voice comments from above me.

"That looks yummy."

I look up to feel two hard nipples brush my face. Erica is totally nude, giving me a smile to melt my soul. 

"Care to join me?"

Without another word she kneels next to me, my heart quickening and cock throbbing at the touch of her skin.

She gently leans in to lick some of Emma's cum from her leg.

"Be gentle, she's still super sensitive."

"So I probably shouldn't do this?"

She quickly flicks her tounge across Emma's clit with a devilish grin, causing Emma to jump as though she had been electrocuted. 

"Did you already tire out the guys?" I asked Erica, in between gentle licks.

She tells me, "Stupid boys, even with me naked and giving both of them blow jobs, they can't stop talking cars. I told them to shut up or I'm out So here I am with a wet empty pussy."

"Let's see what we can do about that then."

Reaching my hand behind and under her to rub my fingers along the length of her slit, I notice she wasn't lying about her pussy being wet.

"How would the gorgeous little pixie like to get fucked?" I ask feeling bolder and more comfortable with the situation. 

"Surprise me?" she counters.

"There is one thing I always wanted to try and you are probably the only one I could attempt it with."

Taking her hands to pull her up to stand with me, her tiny frame topping out at the bottom of my neck, 

she loops her arms behind my neck to pull me in for an eager kiss.

I lean forward to take it, running my hands down her slender back to cup her sweet little butt. 

Getting a firm grip I lift her up, sliding her up my body past my still hard member.

As she gets past it, it flicks her clit as it springs to the feedom under her ass.

"I'm glad you came, I really like the way you think," Erica whispers right into my ear. 

Making sure the couch is right under her incase I lose my balance, I get her legs balanced on my hips.

With a lot of effort, I support her ass with one arm, and use the other to rub my cock all along her wet slit, feeling it getting even more moist at the attention. 

Feeling that she is ready and eager to get her tight pussy around my cock, I slowly lower her so that my head just penetrates inside her. 

Throwing her head back and nearly toppling us, she lets out a low moan.

Moving my hand back to her ass, I start a slow steady rhythm, lifting her along the entire length of my shaft. 

"Holy crap pix, you are so tight!" I call out not believing how sweetly the walls of her pussy are gripping my member.

"This...is...so...good, keep...going...cumming"

Needing little encouragement I build speed to aid her in reaching her climax. 

Feeling her already tight pussy almost painfully start gripping my cock, she cums. 

I can feel her juices coating my balls and splashing against my legs as I continue impaling her on my dick.

As she comes down from her first orgasm and starts building the next I feel I'm at my limit.

"Heads up, going down" I warn with only a few seconds before I topple us both onto the couch. 

She giggles very sweetly. 

"Well I'm glad we tried that, can you keep it up now?" she askes with a look of daring in her eyes.
