 Things immediately got awkward; Joy's position wouldn't allow Victor to fuck her. He knelt directly behind her, trying to slide in, and she pushed back with her stunning ass, but all they could manage was his cock slipping on her pussy lips. That felt amazing, but it wasn't enough. Victor wanted to fuck Joy so bad at that point he couldn't stand it.

He decided to fight a little, and grabbed her hair himself, meeting Josh's hand briefly, trying to disengage Joy's hot mouth from the other man's cock, or at least to change position enough to get his. Joy moaned and wriggled, putting both her hands on the men's hands, pulling them away. She got them free from her hair, and slithered her lips off Josh's cock, slurping loudly. She grasped Josh in her left hand while rubbing Victor's cock on herself with the other; she looked behind her a little, and the gap in time made Victor go wild with desire. 

Joy said, ferociously, "Which one of you pussies is going to fuck me first?"

Victor made his move: he shoved her forward, so that her shoulders impacted against the standing calves of Josh's legs, and looked ever-so-briefly at her gorgeous pussy. He palmed her ass with both hands, then went out out a limb and smacked a round globe experimentally. Joy shrieked, with unexpected volume, and shivered. He looked down at her glistening pussy and smacked again; Joy yelled out, a curse word, and grabbed Josh's legs so hard the man nearly fell over backward.

Victor rocked forward, placed the very tip of his cock at her body, and lunged forward, hard. He buried in her instantly, all the way in, in one bashing thrust.

Joy screamed. She really screamed. Victor was shocked at the noise. He got scared suddenly, that he, them, both the men, were going way, way too far with Joy. But then she shouted out a word, as he retreated, and followed it up.

"Fuck me! FUCKMEFUCK ME! MOTHERFUCKER!"

Victor slammed into her pussy as hard as he could, feeling her almost squishy wetness around his rock hard cock, and the sudden envelopment made him lose his breath. He rolled his head back, and saw Joy flailing at Josh's crotch, grabbing his legs and pulling him down. He heard her say, in an animalistic growl, "Get your cock in my mouth!"

Victor decided, with the brains he had left at the moment, that one person was in control here, and it was neither him, nor Josh. Then he watched while, as he fucked Joy's silky pussy, she took Josh down and got his cock in her mouth again; then the men had her between them, one fucking her pussy, the other fucking her mouth. 

"You want a hot load of come in your mouth? Huh?" Josh said. "You want a hard cock down your throat, lady?" Joy nodded with his cock in her mouth, murmuring while he jammed into her face. The crudity of it shocked Victor again, but she didn't seem disturbed, or at least wasn't fighting, so he continued, digging his palms into her soft, yielding sides, fucking her. He reached around and grasped her swaying tits, cupping the lower sections and stroking the nipples. Josh suddenly shouted out and grabbed her hair, shoving brutally against her chin and nose. 

He yelled, a roar, "SUCK IT, BITCH!" 

He came in her mouth, spurting come down her throat. Joy swallowed and slurped, dribbling saliva and a small amount of come around Josh's cock. He came for what seemed like forever, sliding a spit- and come- coated shaft back and forth in her lips, groaning and swearing as she swallowed and drooled, cooing and warbling deep in her throat. Victor kept feeling her tits as they swung gently, and pinched the hard, large nipples softly, then more roughly. Joy made deep, vibrating moaning noises. He felt himself coming, too quickly, and pulled out of Joy to wait out the spasm.

Joy reached up, removed Josh's hand from her hair, and pitched forward, shoving her incredible ass in the air. "Fuck me, bitch!" she swore, grunting and swaying. "Shove that cock in my pussy, motherfucker!" Victor reached out and slapped her ass slightly, for which she gasped and pushed her round, high-set buttocks at him. He let her waver in the room on her knees while he controlled himself. The moment, the too-soon moment, passed, and he was ready for more of Joy's fantastic body. He grabbed her soft, delicious ass cheeks with clenching hands, dug his fingers in, and pulled himself almost all the way into Joy. "AAHHHH!" Joy screamed, "Fuck me! Fuck me!" Victor pulled out almost all the way, feeling the exquisitely sensitive tip of his cock on her lips, and then rammed back into her, hard. She squealed and shrieked profanities as he kicked off a pounding rhythm, violently slamming her pussy. The impacts moved the both of them into the room, skidding on the carpet. Joy's breasts bounced and swayed, and Victor planted one hand on her back, holding her down, and with the other pawed the perfect globes. She was soaking wet and tight. 

Victor looked up, and Josh was stroking his still-slick cock. That man watched, eyes gleaming and tongue slipping around, as Victor fucked Joy, slamming into her again and again. Victor had to groan and swear himself at the feeling, at Joy's incredible, wet pussy. Then Josh knelt down at Joy's side and put a hand on the back of her neck. He leaned down and started talking in Joy's ear, saying dirty little phrases and asking sexual questions.

Josh whispered, saying, "You like being fucked? Huh? You like that cock in your cunt?" 

Joy started nodding and moaning.

"You wanna get gang banged? You like that, you little slut?" Joy wriggled and made deep noises. "We're gonna fuck your pussy till you scream, and then we're gonna fuck your asshole so hard you'll feel cock in the top of your head, bitch."

Victor could feel Joy spasming, feel her body shaking as Josh whispered an entire series of filthy promises to her. Victor slammed his cock into her, then waited, pushing as deep as he could, feeling the wetness and the firm walls of Joy's pussy, fucking her, smushing her ass cheeks against his thighs. Then he yanked back, almost all the way out, and he saw Josh hold Joy on the shoulders, and Victor pounded the absolute fuck out of the woman in front of him, skidding them on the floor, fucking into her as hard as he could manage, breathing heavily with loud panting. Joy started making short, sharp moans that got louder and louder as Josh held her down while Victor fucked her pussy. 

Josh took one hand off Joy and slipped a finger into her mouth. Joy sucked on it, slurping, and it occurred to Victor, in his sex-fueled haze, that he could do one more thing. He sucked on a middle finger, reached down, and gently pressed it between Joy's fabulous, round ass cheeks. The woman groaned, very loudly, at the newest invasion as Victor fucked her pussy and Josh slipped a finger in and out of her mouth. Victor felt her body yield, and in a few seconds he had his thick finger sliding into Joy's ass.

It was the trigger for Joy. She came, hard, shaking violently and thrashing around, shoving roughly back against Victor. She pulled Josh's finger out of her mouth and flopped forward on her face, ass in the air and breasts pillowed on the floor, trembling and gasping with her orgasm. She shuddered, a deep shudder, and Victor felt her pussy lips clamp around his cock. It was too much for him, finally; he couldn't hold it back for one more second, and his cock burst through, spraying Joy's pussy with come. He kept his finger in Joy's ass, fucking her with it, while he bent over her, releasing himself into her body again and again. It was amazing, the best orgasm he'd ever had, so strong it was like being electrocuted, and it built after the first ejaculations and then stopped, just for a brief tick. Victor had time to hear Joy yell, a really loud shout, and he pulled back out completely. His cock flipped in the air, whipping a long ribbon of come on Joy's back and ass; he couldn't stand the feeling of air on his cock and rammed it back inside her pussy, coming desperately. 

He had to catch himself or fall over, and he ripped his finger out of Joy's tight asshole, making her shout out again, and clenched his hands along her sides and back, holding his full weight on her body, shoving her down on the floor to keep on his knees. Then he was done, and he shoved on Joy's body, stuffed the last hardness of his cock back into her pussy, making a slapping sound, and then slipped out of her. He leaned back on his heels, and shook his head. He could hear Joy exclaiming, a shockingly loud series of "AH! AH! AH!" noises. 

Josh was stroking his cock, wrapping a fist around the shaft, and incredibly, getting hard again. Victor had time to think Joy was really going to get fucked tonight, fucked half to death, and in a snap of unexpected nastiness, he raised his hand and smacked Joy's ass, hard, making a cracking sound in the small apartment.

Joy yelled, "UH!" and trembled all over, then rolled back herself, resting her belly on her knees, pillowing her breasts on the carpeted floor. She rocked her head back and forth, swishing her hair on the floor, and stretched her arms straight out in front of her, waiting, Victor guessed, for whatever came next. 

Victor was done for the moment, his cock was shriveling, and he looked down at the scrunched up woman with an empty feeling. He still felt desire, though, and mentally he tried to think of whether he could get it up again. 

He stood up.

Josh stood in front of Joy, dick clasped in one fist, using his other thumb to stroke the tip of his cock, getting himself hard again. Joy was on her knees, folded over, right down on the floor, breasts on the carpet and arms outstretched. She looked weirdly like she was worshiping the man and his cock in front of her, performing an obeisance. The come on her back and ass gleamed in the cheap lighting. 

Victor looked, then walked to the kitchen area and opened the refrigerator, hoping for some booze. He kept an eye on the two, managing to remember Joy's request about not leaving her alone with the other man; he felt protective, somehow, suddenly, and as the blast of cold air hit his naked body from the refrigerator's open door, he felt his cock stir a little. 

There was a bottle of indifferent red wine in the refrigerator. Victor pulled it out and closed the door, stroking his weak cock with one hand and removing the plastic cork with a thumb of the other hand. He took a slug straight from the bottle, watching Josh masturbate in front of the crouching woman. It was a strange, demeaning, yet arousing scene. The wine wasn't very good.

Josh said, "Get on your knees."

Joy fought up, and got ramrod straight, balancing on her knees, thigh muscles showing. Her body arched, and her breasts stood out, perfection, amazing, sexual and stunning. She closed her eyes, swaying and shaky. She put one hand on her pussy, covering herself a little, but her nakedness was thrilling. She was glowing, gleaming. She was beautiful. She stood, almost vibrating, in front of the naked man Josh, eyes shining. 

Victor felt his cock stir some more, and knew he was going to get off again with this woman. 

Josh stood in front of the naked, kneeling woman, stroking his cock; Joy started moving the hand on her pussy, stroking herself. She licked her lips. Josh moved a little closer, moving his crotch almost to her face again. Victor wondered if he was going get sucked again; but Joy stayed more or less motionless, and then Victor wondered if Josh was going to bluntly come all over her face. He watched, slugging on the bottle, waiting, feeling his own cock grow again. 

His cock getting hard again surprised him; that old middle-age getting onto him had had its effects, and it wasn't usual. But the scene in front of him was amazing and weirdly arousing, so much so than he would ever had thought. He rested an elbow on the counter, slugging on the bottle again, and wrapped his cock in the other fist. Josh had a hard, muscled, if sort of fake-ish body, a gym sculpted torso. He was well built, and Joy, of course, was unbelievable. The tableau was arousing in the extreme, and Victor found himself wondering if the physical jealousy of frustrated sex, of watching others fuck while not being part of it himself, wasn't making him more desirous than otherwise. He shook his head.

Joy opened her eyelids a little, moved her vision around the room, and found Victor. She tipped her head back, ever so slightly, and made an almost indiscernible smile. Josh wasn't paying any attention, just standing, apparently displaying himself to the kneeling woman and stroking himself. Joy tipped her head back and tightened her jaw, and then Josh did something Victor couldn't believe, or something Joy wanted or accepted he couldn't believe, or perhaps an act they both did he didn't expect at all.

Josh swung a hand back and slapped Joy on the face, square on the cheek, slapping her face with a fairly noisy 'smack', then did it again. 

Joy's head rolled with the impacts, and her hair flounced around, swishing around her features. When her head came back to position her hair was covering her eyes and mouth, settling in strings and sections down around her face. It obscured her expression, but kept her mouth in view, and her lips parted slightly, and Victor could see the white gleam of her teeth. Her chest heaved, making her astounding breasts poke straight up as she arched her back. 

Victor jumped at the abuse, or whatever it was, genuinely shocked. He couldn't believe what Josh had just done, or what Joy had accepted, and found himself hunching forward, and mentally deciding whether to try to take on Josh to stop him; he had a flash of an image, of two buck naked guys wrestling in the cheap living room over a beautiful woman. 

At that flash, he knew what it was about. It was about Joy. She was playing a game with them both. It wasn't about him, or Josh, or anything else. Joy wanted to see the fight. She wanted the competition. He was sure of it. He knew it. He gasped at the realization, at the manipulation, and the shock made him stand up straight. His gasp was audible, much louder than he thought, and he saw Joy shake her head a little to clear her eyes of hair, and she looked right at him.

The next expression she got was one of taunting lust. She tipped her head back, mouth open, and looked at him, eyelids lazy and sultry, and smiled. Josh kept stroking his cock with a fist, and then began rubbing his belly with the other, standing in front of the apparently passive woman, showing off, or whatever it was he thought he was doing, probably thinking he was in any kind of control here.

Victor shook off the thoughts, and when he came back to present reality his cock was as hard as it had ever been and pounding horribly, uncomfortable and ready to find pussy. He took a final slug off the bottle and set it down. He walked back into the room, padding naked on the carpet, and as he joined the threeway again Joy tilted her head with a look that said, "What took you so long?"