 Chapter 3

Austin, Devin, and David sat back down after watching Joy's exhibitionist walk through the courtyard. Austin, in particular, enjoyed her spectacle as he noted the double-takes from others in the crowded courtyard. 

"Ok, guys. Let's talk. It's going to be a fun night, if everyone has the right attitude," 

"Joy and I have had single males join us before, but that was after getting to know someone ahead of time. What's happening this time is a first. She just met the you and she obviously intends to enjoy our combined attention." 

Austin paused and considered the two young women who had just left with Joy. 

"At least," he added. "Any questions?"

"Who's in charge?" David asked.

"She is. Respect her and you'll have a great time. Disrespect or hurt her and you're out faster than you can get your pants back on." Austin paused to gauge their reaction. 

"That isn't to say that she doesn't enjoy the pain-pleasure connection, but she'll let you know what she needs. Go with her flow and you won't be disappointed. Based on her behavior out here, I'm certain she's ready to make some fantasies come true upstairs."

The three men talked more, but most of the conversation was obviously just to kill time and allow Joy the prep time she asked for.

"How did you find her?" Devin asked. "She's incredible." 

Austin laughed. "Ha! That's a long story, but the short answer is pure luck. However, other men had found her before me and didn't find the fully released slut within her. That takes genuine honesty, safety, empathy, and respect. I give her all of that and tons of encouragement." 

Austin paused and sipped his drink. 

"Some men think a slut wants to be humiliated and that's total bullshit. A woman who's shed her sexual inhibitions is a slut in the best and most respectable way. She's as free a sexual animal as men themselves want to be, but it's harder for a woman. The societal pressures are different. So, when a woman has the strength, drive, and courage to live her fantasies, she should be respected and cherished for being the rare, truly liberated woman that she is. I give her that."

"Let her know what you like along the way. She's eager to please and her skills are mind-blowing." Austin stood up. David and Devin joined him.

"Ready?" Austin led the men to the elevator.

In the room, Joy found it difficult to slip on her fishnet stockings and garter while her hands shook with nervous excitement. In preparation for the activities she was hoping to experience, she had also inserted her favorite princess plug in her ass. The weight of it, as she moved about the room, reminded her how she expected to feel soon - filled. 

She watched herself in the mirror as she tied her tiny crop top just below her breasts and slid her leather micro skirt over her muscular, fishnet-covered legs. She suddenly saw herself clearly as this wanton woman meticulously preparing herself to be fucked by multiple men. A rush of panic, followed by a flood of unrestrained sexual hunger, coursed through her. Her heart pounded. She had a visceral premonition of her body accepting and luxuriating in being penetrated by multiple cocks. 

She knew, without setting out at the beginning of the night to do so, she had made the decision to take her sexual freedom and sluttiness to a new level. She would feel every ounce of pleasure her body could accept tonight.

She thought about her boldness in flirting with Devin and David at the bar, her public lewdness, her public orgasm, her invitation for the men to join her and Austin, and how even that wasn't enough. She had invited Charli and Heather to join also. She realized that she truly wanted to be the center of an orgy. How depraved had she become? Why was she so erotically charged by that thought? How would her view of the world be different after allowing herself to truly be an absolute slut tonight?

Her thoughts were interrupted by a light tapping on the door and the sound of the door handle being turned. She watched the door open in seemingly slow motion. 

Charli's smile greeted her around the barely opened door. Charli pushed through the door quickly when she found Joy there alone and rushed past her awkwardness to embrace Joy and kiss her welcoming lips.

"I told Heather that if she was just going to come and watch, I would appreciate if she let me come without her. I want to fuck you and I might have felt too self-conscious with my best friend watching." Charli hurriedly explained.

The women resumed their passionate kissing. Joy's hands discovered that, while Charli had worn the same clothes as she had on earlier, her bra and underwear were missing. This ramped up Joy's arousal even more. 

"You aren't wearing underwear. Naughty girl." Joy whispered in Charli's ear.

"I thought things might get crazy and I didn't want to lose them in the chaos," Charli replied. "Plus, your boldness inspired me. . . I'm super turned-on by your 'fuck-the-bitches' attitude."

The door lock clicked. Austin and his two new friends were surprised to find two women in the room making out. The women broke their kiss and watched the men enter the room. The sexual tension was thick and vibrant.

Austin moved to the single lit lamp on the desk and turned it off. The room was now warmly lit by a dozen candles that Joy had placed around the room.

"Nice to find you here, Charli," he paused, "a very nice surprise."

Charli smiled nervously while keeping her arms wrapped around Joy's strong body.

"Ladies, it's your responsibility to let everyone know what you desire . . . and what you don't." Austin leveled his eyes at the men. "Gentlemen, it's our role to respect their wishes and maximize their pleasure. Does everyone agree?"

Nods all around. "Great." Austin looked at Joy. "Your turn, my love."

Joy released Charli and walked to the three men. When Joy feels most nervous about what to do, she just jumps in. She dropped to her knees and frantically started undoing David's belt. He stood closest to her, but Devin and Austin soon formed an arc curving around in front of her.

With David's help, Joy had his semi-erect cock out quickly. 

"Finally!" Joy muttered, then she swallowed his cock to the base. Her left hand cupped his balls while she pressed herself forward until her nose was pressed into his body. She began sliding him in and out. His cock responded with rapidly increasing firmness and length until she was soon gagging and drooling on his hard, eight inch long cock. She was sliding him past her gag reflex and still pressing her nose firmly against him as she went all the way down. His cock forced her drool past her lips. It dripped from her chin.

With her right hand, Joy started pulling at Devin's belt buckle. Devin got the message and soon had his cock free for her hand to stroke. She repeated the message to Austin with her left hand and his hard cock soon filled her hand. 

Joy backed up off of David's cock. A strand of her saliva stretched between her lips and the head of his cock. Without wiping it away, Joy surveyed the three hard cocks pointed at her face. All of them were about the same size, but Devin's was thicker and his dark skin seemed to be calling for her to slather it in her drool.

Joy moved her right hand to stroke David's wet, glistening, twitching cock and she drove her mouth forward onto Devin's black, thick cock. Devin moaned loudly. Joy gagged, but slid his cock deep into her throat.

"Oh, fuck!" Devin exclaimed. His hands pressed against the back of her head and she eagerly throat-fucked his cock. Soon, her saliva dripped from her chin and his balls. She was a sight to behold.

Joy, pulled off of Devin and looked him in the eyes. "I'll be right back with you, I promise." With that, she turned to Austin. "Oh my god, baby! I have three cocks to suck!" Joy then swallowed Austin's cock, seeming to slide him easily into her throat and hold him there, while she let her gag reflex caress the head of his cock.

When Joy finally backed off of Austin's cock, she looked at the three wet, throbbing cocks in her face. Her eyes looked slightly crazed. She turned to see Charli watching intently. 

"I need my hands for all of these cocks, but I need my pussy rubbed too! Please come touch me!" Joy begged of Charli.

Charli smiled and dropped down beside Joy. Her right hand slid under Joy's skirt, swirled over her slippery, bald pussy and found her sensitive clit.

"Uuunnghh!" Joy moaned from Charli's touch while she swallowed Devin's cock again. Charli's other hand slid between Joy's legs from behind and she sank two fingers into Joy's soaking wet pussy. She felt Joy's butt plug with the palm of her hand and pushed it in as her fingers fucked Joy's pussy.

"Goddamn," Charli whispered in Joy's ear, "A plug in your ass and the wettest pussy I've ever felt. You are fucking amazing!" 

Joy fell into a desperate rhythm of stroking two cocks while throat-fucking a third. She moaned on each cock as Charli manipulated her hungry pussy and screamed in joy and pleasure whenever she moved between the cocks.

Charli watched, her face just inches away, as Joy swallowed, gagged, and drooled on the three cocks. She saw Joy's saliva running down her chest and instinctively started to untie Joy's crop top to get it out of the way. Joy made a severely disappointed sound as Charli's fingers left her clit, but she helped Charli get her tiny shirt off when she realized what Charli's intent was.

Charli rubbed the saliva from Joy's chin and neck all over Joy's bare breasts, leaving them shiny and stimulated. Joy pulled her mouth off of Austin's cock and kissed Charli deeply while the young girl fondled her wet nipples.

Charli returned her kiss enthusiastically, then realized she was kissing a woman whose mouth had just been filled by three different cocks. The thought sent a wave of depraved pleasure coursing through her. She couldn't help but pull her fingers out of Joy's pussy and move them to her own aching pussy. She plunged them inside herself. Joy's wetness on her fingers helped them slide in easily, but she also discovered that her pussy was drenched with her own juices.

For a few long moments, the two girls knelt before three wet, twitching cocks, kissing each other deeply while Charli rubbed her own clit and Joy's simultaneously. Both women moaned into the other's mouth. 

When they finally broke the kiss, Charli turned her head to find Devin's dark cock just a few inches away from her lips. Joy's fingers wrapped around it tightly and seemed to be aiming it right at Charli's mouth. She could see that Joy's fingers couldn't reach all of the way around the base of Devin's large cock. How had the tiny Joy fit that monster in her mouth, she wondered. Then, she decided to try it herself.

Charli had never been a huge fan of sucking cocks before, but had done it to please her boyfriends. Now caught up in the lust-driven depravity, she felt an irresistible urge to have Devin's cock in her mouth. She opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the huge crown of his cock. She looked up to see his surprised expression, then pushed forward and swallowed half of his cock - all she could handle. Feeling his crown and the veins in his cock with her lips and tongue threw fuel on her erotic fire and she shoved harder onto him.

"Fuck, that's hot!" Charli heard Joy. She looked sideways at Joy while she wiggled her tongue under Devin's thick cock. Joy moved closer and soon the two women were sliding Devin's cock between their lips and tongues. They looked up at Devin's face while they did so. They broke eye contact with him only when they paused to kiss each other at the end of his cock.

After a few minutes, Charli stood up and pulled Joy with her. The women kissed as the men watched.

"Please lick my pussy," Charli begged of Joy.

Joy responded by pushing Charli back onto the bed, then pushing her legs back and dropping between them as she lifted Charli's skirt. Joy landed her mouth gently on Charli's pussy and her tongue easily found Charli's engorged clit.

Charli's hands wrapped around Joy's head and pulled her onto her pussy. Joy's tongue went to work. Charli let out a scream that could easily be heard in the hallway. Joy kept licking her pussy, but her hands started pushing Charli's ass further up on the bed. Slowly, without ever breaking contact between her mouth and Charli's clit, Joy got them positioned in the middle of the king-sized bed with her own ass perched high in the air. 

Joy stopped licking pussy long enough to tell Austin, "Tell one of them to fuck me!" 

Austin pointed at Devin, "You heard her, but don't come yet. I think she has other ideas for later." Joy made affirmative noises on Charli's pussy.

Devin got behind Joy and paused in awe of her perfect ass filled with a blue-jeweled butt plug. Her pussy was actually dripping juices on the sheets. He knew from finger-fucking her in the courtyard that her pussy was incredibly tight, but he wasn't prepared for the almost painful, undulating muscular pressure from her pussy as it engulfed his raging cock. He pushed forward against the resistance he felt. 

Austin's hand touched Devin's shoulder and Devin turned to him. "Relax and feel her pussy pull you in deeper. It's incredible," he advised Devin. Devin did just that and to his astonishment, he could feel Joy's pussy muscles pulling and guiding his cock deeper into her pussy. 

In his stunned concentration on her unbelievable pussy control, Devin stopped breathing. As his cock bottomed out, his pelvic bone settling against the opening of her pussy, he finally exhaled and gulped for fresh air. He couldn't believe this compact, sexy little slut had just pulled his big cock into herself down to the hilt.

"Ohhhh! Fuuuckk!" Joy's tortured-animal-sounding scream transfixed everyone for a moment. They all watched in awe as she ground herself back against Devin's invading cock. Charli stared between her own legs to see the delicious look of mixed pain and pleasure on Joy's face. Austin and David watched the muscles in Joy's back flex and her hips twist to shove herself down on Devin as deep as he could go. 

Then, Joy locked her lips back down on Charli's pussy, while gyrating her hips to indicate to Devin that she wanted to be plundered. Devin obliged and began stroking his full length in and out of her pussy. He looked down to see that his big cock was about to push her princess plug out of her asshole, so he used his thumb to push it back into place. This served to create even more pressure on his over-stimulated cock. Her flexing pussy, the solid pressure of the butt plug, Joy's fingers brushing his balls as she rubbed her own clit, and the vision of Joy's saliva-and-pussy-juice-covered face on Charli's pussy was too much. Devin was about to come.

Recalling what Austin had told him, Devin pulled out of Joy's pussy abruptly. 

"NO! NO! NO!" Joy protested her suddenly empty pussy. She turned to see Devin stepping back, but saw that David was moving forward to take his place. 

"Don't stop!" Charli ordered Joy.

"Oh. Fuck, yeah. I have more cocks," she reassured her temporarily empty pussy. Joy returned her tongue to Charli's pussy.

David and Austin had undressed while Devin fucked Joy. As David swapped positions, Devin told him, "Let her pull you in, you've never felt anything so good."

David slid his cock about halfway in and paused. Then he felt it. Her pussy muscles actually began to pull on his cock. In his head, he had a visual memory of watching a snake swallow a prey animal and suddenly felt like he could relate to how that felt. Deeper he went until Joy had her second cock of the night buried fully in her pussy. David groaned from his gut. He began thrusting slowly, pulling his cock almost all of the way out before plunging it slowly and deeply into Joy.

Charli absorbed the sight of Joy getting a new cock. She felt Joy's expert tongue on her clit, and Joy's fingers fucking her wet pussy. Through Joy's body, Charli felt the slow rhythm that David was setting. Charli exploded in orgasm. She bucked her pussy hard against Joy's lips, her hands held Joy's mouth firmly in place through her orgasmic fit.

"Oh! Fuck! Oh! Fuck! Oh! God! Oh shit!!" Charli sounded like she might pass out. She slowly descended from her climax and hyperventilated until she had partially regained her breath. Then she broke out in laughter.

"Oh my god! That was the best orgasm I've had in . . . in . . . forever" Charli told everyone through her laughter.

Charli's announcement seemed to trigger Joy's orgasm to start. "Fuck me!" She ordered David. David's strokes grew more urgent. Joy's body absorbed the force of David's thrusts. Her fingers flew across her clit. Joy felt Charli's aftershock spasms on her fingers. The eroticism of it all ignited Joy's second orgasm of the night. She screamed like she was being killed as the powerful orgasm rocked through her. Her pussy spasmed hard on David's cock as he pounded into her. So violent was her spasming, that Austin had to reach forward and push her plug back in her ass before her muscles pushed it out.

Joy slowly floated down from her climax and slid forward onto Charli, disengaging her pussy from David's cock. As she slid forward, she pushed Charli's blouse up and over her head. Joy's bare breasts, soaked with saliva and sweat, slid over Charli's soft breasts. The two women kissed, then Charli wrapped her arms around Joy and let her rest on her while they both caught their breath.

A knock on the door interrupted the post-orgasmic break. Everyone looked around at each other and giggled. The girls' screaming orgasms must have led the hotel management to pay a visit. Devin was the most dressed of them, since he still had his shirt on. He grabbed a towel from the bathroom and cracked the door open. Simultaneously, the girls slipped under the bed sheets.

"Oh hi, Heather! Come in." Devin opened the door and gave Heather access past his obscenely tented towel into the room. Heather moved past him and around the corner to find Charli and Joy together in the bed with Austin and David standing naked beside them. She seemed to be a little shocked by the scene, but moved forward slowly and sat on the bed beside Charli.

"I'm sorry, Charli," Heather began. "I couldn't miss out. I . . . "

"It's ok." Charli sat up and gave her a hug. "I'm past the awkward point. Besides, I just had one of the best orgasms of my life, so I'm cool with whatever happens now."

The two girls broke their embrace and Heather looked down at her friend's bare breasts brushing against her own dress. She was surprised at how inviting Charli's breasts looked. Heather's right hand cupped Charli's left breast. She rubbed her thumb across Charli's erect nipple.

"Whatever?"

"Yes," Charli replied as she pulled Heather in for a kiss.

Joy smiled as she watched the college girlfriends kiss. 

"I think that means the intermission is almost over," Joy said as she reached for her drink. She looked at the naked men standing around the bed. "Gentlemen, have a seat and relax. I'll be back for much more of you soon, but right now, us girls are going to forget you're here for a little while."

Joy turned to find Charli unzipping the back of Heather's dress while they kissed. Joy helped slide the straps off of Heather's tanned shoulders. The dress fell away to reveal Heather's small, pretty breasts riding on her rapidly breathing chest. Heather was obviously nervous and excited. She pulled back from the kiss and moaned as Joy's hand squeezed Heather's right breast and her fingers played with her hard nipple.

"Are we going to be ok after this?" Heather looked at Charli imploringly.

"Oh, hell yeah. We'll be great after this," Charli answered. "Let's just fucking enjoy it." She resumed kissing her friend.
