 She picked up her journal, the one she had kept ever since she had learned about adult life, and as she turned the page she smiled as the memories came flooding back to her as she recalled the pleasure and knowledge they gave her. She came across an entry 'Drifter, Gatwick, BA837.' She smiled as she remembered she picked up a few other things along the way that night. 

***** 

Julie was sitting quietly reading through some papers when her mobile vibrated on the glass coffee table beside her. It had been a tough few weeks and the text message bought a moment's diversion from her thoughts, one of which was her impending 40th birthday a few months away. The message simply said "BA837 Gatwick 22.00?." Julie smiled as although there was no name and the number was unknown to her it could have only come from one person. Looking at the clock, which read just after 7 in the evening Julie smiled as she texted back, "Yes," and grabbing her jacket and car keys set off for the airport. As she drove down the motorway Julie smiled to herself at the thought of seeing Drifter after all these months. Julie was once married to Drifter's brother and although they were never involved romantically over the years they had become as close as blood brother and sister. 

Bearing in mind current airport security, after parking the car Julie lifted the boot and carefully concealed her browning automatic in the spare tyre space before strolling into the arrivals lounge. Looking at the clock she noticed she had made it with 30 minutes to spare but her face fell when she looked at the arrivals board that had a revised time for BA837 to 05.00 in the morning. Cursing her luck Julie decided to check in to the hotel nearby and grab some sleep rather than make the journey back and then down again. 

The hotel was fully booked so Julie sent another text to Drifter letting him know where her car was parked which although he wouldn't get until he landed at least he could locate her that way. Julie decided to stay for a drink before wandering round the airport until the plane arrived. 

A few hours later Julie was sitting at the bar reading a cheap paperback she had picked up earlier when a voice from beside her disturbed her train of thoughts. "Excuse me Miss," said a pleasant looking man, "My wife and I were just wondering..." Julie was about to give the man the brush off when he continued with "...how much you charge." It took her a moment to realise that the couple obviously thought Julie was one of the local prostitutes that worked the hotel and a wickedly funny thought crossed her mind. 

Putting on her best sexy voice Julie drawled, "Depends what you had in mind lover boy." The man blushed bright red and started to stammer but Julie just picked up her coke and strolled over to the table where the man's wife was sitting. 

The man joined them moments later and the three sat there is silence for a short while. Julie broke the deadlock with, "So your husband here wants to hire me for the night and I said it depends what you have in mind." Looking directly into the woman's eyes she said, "Well what do you have in mind?" 

The woman flushed bright red but before she could answer the man said, "I'm Mike and this is Anne. Today is Anne's 30th birthday and we are going on holiday tomorrow, but I thought today we could do something exciting." 

Julie sat back in her chair and studied the two of them before asking in a lazy tone "The name is Julie and what do you call exciting?" 

Anne licked her lips nervously and quietly said, "I want a threesome, I want to see Mike with another woman and I want to be with a woman myself. I have never done any of that before." 

Julie studied the two of them. He was about 6 feet with short dark hair and looked pretty well built under his causal suit jacket. She was a little shorter than Julie's 5'8" and her hair was blonde and straight compared to Julie's curly vibrant brown hair. Both of them had blue eyes and Anne's breasts looked smaller than Julie's 40c's but still firm. Anne had nicely sculptured legs that Julie was getting a good look at as Anne was squirming in the seat, causing her short summer dress to ride up. The look in her eyes told Julie that she was obviously excited at the prospect. 

Julie smiled slowly and plucking a figure out of the air said, "£500." The two looked at each other and Mike said, "That's a little high we were thinking more like £200." Shrugging Julie said, "OK then let's go, I take it you have a room." Nodding eagerly Mike led Julie and Anne to the lift and up to their room. 

Julie gave the room a quick once over and noticed by the rumpled bed covers and the toys by the bedside that they had obviously been enjoying themselves earlier. Julie's eyes lit up when she spied both the gel and what looked like a fairly decent size strap-on amongst the other toys. Blushing Anne didn't know what to say and Julie calmly turned to them and said, "So where do you want to start?" 

Mike and Anne looked at each other and the uncertainty was written all over their faces. "Why don't me and Anne get to know each other better and you can sit and watch Mike, OK?" said Julie. 

Mike nodded eagerly and sat in the chair as the two women faced each other. Julie smiled softly at Anne and whispered "I know you are nervous, are you sure that you want to do this?" Anne just nodded quietly, her eyes bright with lust. Julie sat on the bed and patted the covers beside her. 

Anne sat down and Julie gently brushed the hair from her face. "You are a very good looking woman you know Anne?" Anne blushed and as she opened her mouth to speak Julie kissed her full on the mouth. At first Anne stiffened in shock but then relaxed as Julie's tongue probed her mouth. Soon Anne was returning her kiss, their two tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths. Julie unzipped the back of Anne's dress and allowed it to slip down her shoulders. Unclasping her bra Julie freed Anne's breasts from their confines and as Anne moved her hands to cover them Julie caught them gently and put them back to her side. Julie admired Anne's firm breasts before bending her head and running her tongue first round one nipple and then the other causing Anne to moan with pleasure as she pulled Julie's head close to her chest. 

Taking a nipple into her mouth, Julie went to work gently tugging and sucking the hardening nipple until it was standing proud, then turning to the other nipple Julie teased that to a similar state of hardness. Julie stood in front of Anne and looking deep into her eyes she quickly stripped naked allowing Anne's eyes to feast on her body. 

"Oh" Anne exclaimed as Julie revealed her shaven mound. 

Julie said, "You can touch if you want, but first I think you should be naked like me." Anne needed no second invitation and standing she allowed the dress to fall in a heap at her feet. Julie knelt before her and easing Anne's brief knickers down she showered her tummy with kisses. 

Anne fell backwards onto the bed with her legs bent over the edge at the knees and leaning forward Julie spread Anne's legs gently apart and looked at her mound covered with soft blonde curls. Julie could see the arousal in Anne as her pussy lips were puffy and covered with a few glistening drops of her juices and her clitoris was beginning to poke through the folds. 

Leaning closer Julie drew her tongue along the full length of her wet lips savouring the sweet taste, as Anne moaned with excitement as she felt Julie's tongue delve into her body. Mike was watching the scene open mouthed and had removed his hard cock from his trousers and was slowly working it to full hardness. Moving to the bed Mike positioned himself above his wife's open mouth and when she opened her eyes and saw Mike there she eagerly wrapped her mouth around his cock. 

Julie lifted her head from her licking and gently inserted a finger deep into Anne's pussy causing her to moan around Mike's cock. Julie's eyes widened slightly as she saw the size of Mike's cock. It looked a good eight inches long and was so thick Anne's pretty little mouth could hardly stretch round it. Julie pushed another finger into Anne's pussy and turned her attention to Anne's clit. 

As Julie started a steady fucking motion with her two fingers into Anne's body she ran her tongue around Anne's clit before sucking it into her mouth. By this time Anne was writhing on the bed as she felt Julie's fingers thrusting into her. Anne let a long deep howl as she felt the first orgasm rip through her and grinding her hips onto Julie's fingers felt herself gush. Feeling Anne flood, Julie removed her fingers and clamped her mouth over Anne's pussy swallowing as much of the juices as she could. Julie tasted Mike's cum mixed with Anne's juices as she drank her in. 

"That was amazing," Anne muttered breathlessly as she removed Mike steel hard cock from her mouth. 

"God baby," Mike panted, "You have never cum like that before, that was so sexy." Mike moved from the bed to around behind Julie who knelt on all fours with her face next to Anne's. As the two women looked into each other's eyes Mike pushed his cock deep into Julie's soaking pussy burying the full eight inches until his pubic bone was pressing against Julie's ass. Anne could tell what had happened by the way the air exploded from Julie's mouth and moving to her knees she moved so she could see what was happening. Mike had grabbed Julie's hips and was driving his cock in and out of Julie's body and Anne watched open mouthed as she saw her husband's cock driving into Julie's pussy. 

Anne kissed her husband on the mouth as she trailed her fingers along his cock feeling them mashed against Julie's pussy lips as Mike drove in. "Yes baby" muttered Anne hoarsely "fuck her real good." 

Anne wanted a closer look and slid under Julie on her back so her head was close to where her husband's cock was pumping in and out. As she watched she felt Julie's tongue delve into her pussy and begin to lap at her wetness. Without thinking Anne lifted her head and ran her tongue across Julie's clit and at the same time her husband's wet cock. As the taste hit her for the first time Anne wanted more and tried to force her tongue in and lapped and licked eagerly. An idea crossed Anne's mind and moving her head she muttered "Julie do you do anal?" She heard a muffled response and felt Julie nod her head as she continued lapped at Anne's pussy and taking this as a Yes Anne instructed Mike with a brusque, "Do her ass baby." 

Mike couldn't believe his luck as the few times he had tried anal with Anne she had complained at his size and it had never been successful. Grabbing some gel from the bedside table Mike smeared a liberal portion over his fingers and down the crack of Julie's ass. Pushing a finger in Mike felt Julie relax and the finger was quickly joined by another, and then a third. Pulling out of Julie's pussy Mike smeared more gel on the end of his cock before pushing at Julie's anal opening. The fingering had done it's work and the head slipped in easily. Anne could see between Julie's legs that the end of Mike's cock was embedded in Julie ass and held her breath as he started to push deeper. 

Anne could feel Julie's laboured breathing on her pussy as Mike slowly pushed deeper and deeper into Julie's ass. Once Mike was fully in Anne bent her head and after giving her husband's balls a long lick turned her mouth to Julie's pussy. Julie was still wide open from the fucking Mike had given her and Anne drove her tongue deep in collecting the juices and swallowing them down like a woman who had been without fluid for days. Anne felt her husband's balls bang against her head as he started to fuck Julie harder causing Julie to moan and groan. 

Anne slid two fingers into Julie's pussy and felt her husband's hard cock through the thin wall of skin between Julie ass and pussy. Sensing her husband's movements becoming quicker Anne knew he was about to cum and clamping her mouth over Julie's pussy she sucked. As she heard her husband groan and jerk she felt the hot cum gush into Julie's ass and felt her inner muscles tighten as Anne's face was flooded with Julie's juices as she bucked and writhed in her orgasm. 

Anne laid her head back and watched as Mike slowly withdrew his cock from Julie's ass. Anne couldn't resist looking and saw how Julie's ass was open and still full of her husband's cum. 

Julie had caught her breath and smiled as she picked up the strap-on from the bedside table as Mike slumped in the chair and watched as Julie expertly fastened the harness around her hips. Anne's inhibitions had faded totally away and lay on her back openly fingering herself as she watched Julie get ready. "It's not as big as Mike and we were wondering how it worked," Anne muttered as she continued to finger herself. 

Julie lifted Anne's legs high and Anne moved her fingers to hold her pussy lips wide. "It works like this" Julie said as she buried the full length into Anne's willing pussy. 

"Oh God yes," Anne exclaimed as she felt the plastic cock slam into her and Julie begin a steady fucking movement. Julie grasped Anne's ankles and holding them high and wide thrust in and out as hard as she could. Anne was rubbing her clit as Julie slammed into her causing orgasms to tear through her body. 

Mike had recovered and moved to the bed lying on his back slowly stroking his cock back to full hardness. Anne leaned out and grabbed her husband's cock though her small hand could hardly fit round. Julie slowed her fucking and withdrew the dildo and stood at the end of the bed. "Ride him" Julie instructed and Anne rolled over and straddled her husband. Pushing down Anne impaled herself on Mike's cock and began to bounce up and down. Julie picked up the gel and squirting some on her fingers caressed Anne's ass and probed at her anal opening. 

"No... No... no..." Anne cried "I am a virgin there," 

Julie chuckled as she said, "Well that won't last long now will it?" and pushed a finger deep into Anne's ass. 

Anne moaned as she felt Julie's finger slide in but the feeling of Mike's cock filling her pussy caused her to ride harder so forcing Julie's fingers deeper. Julie pushed Anne forward and worked two fingers in causing Anne to moan and wail but Julie knew that she obviously loved this new sensation. Julie coated the dildo well with gel and putting a hand on Anne's back to steady her for a moment pushed the tip against Anne's virgin ass. Mike could feel his wife's pussy get tighter as Julie forced the dildo in and looking at Anne he could see her bighting her lip in pain and pleasure. 

"Oh Mike it's in me," Anne gasped and then Mike felt Julie begin a steady thrusting motion into his wife's ass. Mike responded by starting pushing up and feeling his cock rubbing against the dildo in Anne's ass. Soon Mike was driving his hips up in time with Julie's savage thrusts and with a yell pumped his cum into his willing wife, which caused Anne to scream as yet another orgasm ran through her. 

As Anne cuddled against Mike she felt Julie withdraw from her ass and whispered to her husband, "When we have both recovered I want that big cock of yours in my ass and fuck me till I can't stand." Catching Mike's eye over Anne's back Julie raised an eyebrow as she unbuckled the harness and Mike indicated towards the dressing table at the pile of cash. As Julie dressed she watched the couple fall asleep contented in each other's arms. Tucking the money into her pocket Julie glanced at her watch and realised that it was past 5 in the morning. 

Walking quickly through the hotel and then the airport Julie made her way back towards her car to meet Drifter. As she neared the car she saw a black BMW squeal around the corner and race towards her. Sensing trouble Julie reached to the small of her back and then let out a soft curse as she realised that her gun was locked in the boot of her car. Standing lightly on the balls of her feet Julie waited as the three men extracted themselves from the car and stood menacingly under the harsh glare. All three were very large and very black but the man in the middle had his head shaved completely bald. 

"Hey bitch," he drawled, "What do you mean working on my patch and putting my girls out of business?" It took Julie a second to realise what he meant then it dawned on her that this must be the local head pimp and Julie just laughed softly and stared at the men with no fear in her face. 

Suddenly a voice from the gloom broke the silence. "Three against one doesn't look like fair odds to me." Julie glanced over and saw Drifter emerge from the shadows and smiling at her he muttered, "Wotcha Princess." 

The bald man snarled, "Keep out of it white boy, who gives a fuck about odds?" 

Drifter smiled and leant back against a car, fishing a cigarette out of his pocket and as he lit it he said, "I was thinking they weren't fair to you." 

The first look of concern crossed the men's faces but before they could react Julie moved in a fluid motion crossing the gap between them like a large cat. The man on the right didn't have time to register as Julie twisted sideways and he didn't even see Julie's foot rise swiftly and connect with his chin. The man crumpled in a heap as Julie spun through 360 degrees across the bald man bringing her elbow into the face of the man on the right sending him to the ground flat out. 

The bald man dived in his pocket and with a menacing click withdrew a switchblade, "Right bitch" her growled, "Now you are going to get cut." With that he lunged at Julie who sidestepped his thrust and grasping his wrist twisted his arm and drove the heel of her hand against his elbow. The joint snapped with a sickening crunch and the man dropped the knife and fell to his knees holding his shattered arm. 

Julie drew back her hand poised like an arrow to deliver the kill blow when she heard Drifter utter, "Princess its late, you have had your fun any chance of some breakfast?" 

Pulling back Julie walked back to Drifter and planting a large kiss on his cheek laughed as she said "Sure thing and I am buying as I came into a few quid earlier."