 Chapter 1—Our first orgy Part A

This is an offshoot story of my sexual adventures with an older Japanese ballerina and the four sexy ladies of her ballet/English group. If you want to get to know M Chan better you might want to start at the beginning with M Chan "Chapter 1—First meeting! If you like to get to know how this story started I would recommend that you start when I first meet this group of ladies in M Chan "Chapter 6-Later in the night!"

Today's story picks up the next day on Saturday.

*** 

I woke up to the e-mail alert on my cellphone going off after my meeting the ladies and fucking both Miki and M Chan. I could see it was from M Chan so I opened it right away because I know that she always emails about getting together and fucking.

To: Jkun@xxxxx

From: MChan@xxxxx

Date: Friday, March XX, 20XX

Subject: Orgy!!

Good morning my sexy stud.

I hope you enjoyed yourself the last night and meeting the ladies got you all excited. Miki and I have been getting messages from the girls constantly this morning about doing something with all the girls involving what you, Miki, and I did after the party broke up last night.

Honoka has messaged us 10 times each, she wants to try anal with you really badly. So Miki and I have been talking and wondering, would you be interested in an anal deflowering party for Honoka tomorrow with all of us? 

Yumi and Risa have already replied that they really want to be there for this as well. Do you think you could help five very horny women? We promise not to break you.

M Chan

Jesus, what have I opened myself up to, I thought, and then I smiled the biggest smile in my life. A chance to be there when five beautiful Japanese women were going to have sex, and help the youngest one open herself up to the anal experience. What would any horny guy say, FUCK YEAH!!

I replied to M Chan to set everything up and send me the details and what I needed to do to prepare for this party. 

"Just rest up and don't shot any of your delicious cum by fucking someone or masturbating. You're going to need it for us, Jkun." M Chan replied.

Thinking about what was coming had me hard as a rock, but I did as M Chan wanted and didn't let any of my hot sticky cum out, but I did stroke my cock a lot for the rest of the day.

That night I got another message this time from Miki telling me that we were all meeting for lunch at a restaurant close to an expressway interchange just north of our city. She told me to bring whatever toys I wanted to bring and anything I wanted to drink. She also mentioned that I needed to be ready for a long day, probably night of fucking and sucking. Miki and M Chan were also planning on how I was going to fuck Honoka's virgin ass.

I had a hard time sleeping that night with my mind running wild about what was going to happen the next day. 

I woke up at 10:00 and checked my phone to find a message from Honoka. "I can't wait for you to take my ass later today. I'm a little nervous so please be gentle with me. I'm so wet thinking about everything."

I packed up a bag with most of my toys, took a quick shower, and then got dress and took off out the door heading to the restaurant that we were all meeting at. I was a little early, so I parked my car and put my head back to rest up for a few minutes until the appointed time. 

I was surprised about 2 minutes later when the rear sliding doors on my car opened and M Chan and Miki jumped into the back seat. 

"Hello, you sexy thing." M Chan said as she leaned forward to kiss me. 

"Can I have one of those kisses?" Miki asked as she leaned around and slipped her tongue into my mouth.

"So what have you two gotten me into today?" I asked jokingly. They knew I was excited and looking forward to what was coming.

"We are going to have you do Yumi, Risa, and Honoka like you did us last night and see if we can soak the room in girl cum." Miki told me as she went on to explain some of the things that her and M Chan had come up with for today.

I found out that Miki was going to rent a room at a love hotel just north of the nearby train station on route 19. It was the same room that M Chan had used when she got DPed by her photographer and his boss. 

I found out from M during the day that Miki had divorced her husband of 20 years, about 5 years previously because he wasn't satisfying her sexually. In the divorce, she walked away a very rich woman, taking half of her husband's company and their huge house. They only had 1 grown and married daughter, so everything belonged to her. Miki was now using her wealth and free time travelling the world making up for all the fucking she had missed out on earlier in her life. M confided to me that Miki and her husband had gone seven years without sex when she was in her 30s.

Miki and M Chan were going to work on Honoka until she was begging to have me in her ass, and they wanted me to concentrate on Risa and Yumi because they were a little worried about Risa being so shy. They thought that Risa may have reservations about fucking another man because of her marriage, but Yumi was onboard with getting fucked good and hard.

We saw the other three ladies heading across the parking lot and going into the restaurant, so we got out of my car and headed in, to meet up with them. Because of the size of our group we were given a table towards the back of the restaurant away from a lot of the other customers. 

Miki got everyone seated and we ordered our food, then as we waited we started talking and getting to know each other more. 

I told them about being married to a Japanese girl with two teenage daughters, about my job, other things about my life, and lastly, how I met M Chan the first time. They all knew the story of how I fingered M Chan to a squirting orgasms outside and how she sucked me off that first meeting. 

"Didn't you feel guilty for cheating on your wife and daughters?" Risa asked. 

"No, Risa Chan. As I explained to you Thursday night, this is about clean, fun, amazing sexy. M Chan and I had done things that I know my wife would never agree to doing." I told her. "And believe it or not, my wife and I have an even better sex life because of M Chan. Last year I fucked my wife over 90 times. That's about once every 4 days or so."

"I wish my husband would do that with me. I don't understand him at all. It's not like I'm finished with having sex, in fact I want it more now than when we first got married." Risa blurred out to everyone's surprise. 

"Risa Chan, have you talked with your husband about this?" I asked. "Or have you just taken charge of the situation and been the aggressive one in bed?"

"No never. I wouldn't know what to say or what to do." She replied. 

"No worries. I can help you with all that. I'll show you how to do some things that may help, okay?" I told her, which seemed to make her relax a little and actually smile.

"Well I know my husband has to be fucking someone, if not someones, in Singapore. He only gets to visit us at home twice a year for a week at time. If he's half as horny as I am he's got to be having sex somewhere." Yumi chimed in. "I agree with Jkun, I don't need love, I need to get fucked, badly." I knew Yumi was saying this to me directly, so I looked her in the eyes and nodded smiling.

"I'm sure we'll all have lots of fun later and have a great time with each other." M Chan added.

"And if anyone isn't 100% comfortable with what we are doing, then they don't have to take part, they can just watch if they want." Miki continued.

"Well I'm getting my ass stuffed with that big hard cock right there." Honoka spoke up while pointing directly at me, smiling. 

"I guess that settles that." Miki laughed.

"Check, please!" I said jokingly. Everyone laughed and it seemed like all the tension drifted away. 

We finished lunch, paid the bill, and headed out to the parking lot.

"Jkun, your car can carry everyone to the hotel, right?" M Chan asked.

"No problem, I'll set the seats up. If you guys need to get anything out of your cars, I'll be ready when you get back." I told everyone. 

In five minutes, all the ladies were back with their bags and proceeded to pile into my car. Risa and Honoka took the two seats in the back, Yumi and Miki took the middle two, while I got in the front with M Chan. "It's only about a 20 minute drive from the restaurant to the hotel." Miki informed everyone.

"I got something that will start to get you all in the mood." M Chan informed everyone as she slipped a DVD into the car player. 

It turned out to be a DVD of her and I fucking in her studio. It was one of the 6 hour ones with 5 or 6 different times that M Chan and I had meet to fuck. This one had video of everything on it, lots of different positions, squirting and creaming, using lots of different toys, and anal.

This DVD started by showing her sucking my cock and then her climbing on me in the reverse cowgirl position that showed everything. All the girls got very silent watching every second of the video. I pulled into the 'Supergirl Love Hotel' and followed Miki's directions on which garage to pull into. As I parked the car, the door started to close behind us. 

Everyone got out grabbing bags and followed Miki to the private elevator that went from the garage to the room, unfortunately the elevator only carried four people at a time, so I got left behind with Honoka. 

"Don't make him cum before you get to the room." Miki shouted as the doors closed.

When the door shut, Honoka turned to me and stepped into my arms. We started tonguing each other's mouths and feeling each other up. I was surprised how big and firm her tits were, and how tight her ass was. My cock was growing very hard from her hand rubbing it up and down on the outside of my pants. Honoka dropped to her knees and was pulling my cock out of my pants when the elevator door opened and Miki stepped out.

"You are horny aren't you my sexy little slut. Have a taste, Hono, and then get your asses on the elevator, I'm sure everyone is waiting." Miki ordered as she herded us onto the elevator.

"So Hono, do you like that big hard cock?" Miki asked on the way up.

"It's so big. I hope it doesn't hurt too much going into my virgin ass. I'm getting so wet, I can't wait to get started." Hono said while still holding my cock in her hand, and slowly stroking it up and down.

The door opened to the room and I was pulled out by the cock, which everyone was watching as we entered. Miki stepped in front of me and took my hard cock out of Hono's hand and slipped it back into my pants which she did up. 

The room was huge and colored in mostly blacks and reds. To the left there was a bathroom with an indoor and outdoor tub that were both Jacuzzis. A shower which was digitally controlled which meant that the water temperature stayed the same when set. Another cool feature was that there wasn't a shower head but that the water came out of hundreds of jets in the ceiling, and it could be set for different patterns. There were also LED lights which could be set to different colors. 

To our right there were two black leather couches without armrests and a long thick red coffee table between them. On the wall at the far end of the table was a huge flat screen TV.

As you moved further into the room there was a king size bed with red silks sheets, a large headboard with a wide shelf, and mirrors on both side walls. 

And to the right was a long narrow red and black table about waist high, with four high back black and red leather chairs. The floors were a combination of red carpet and black tiles. The whole room including the bathroom had mirrors on the ceilings. 

Yumi and Risa were settling on the right couch, M Chan and Miki got on the left couch, so I moved two of the high back chairs from the table to the head of the coffee table for Hono and myself. M Chan jumped up and slid the DVD from the car into the DVD player and hit the play button. Then the ladies started spreading out the booze that we had brought for the party with some snacks for energy. I grabbed a Corona off the table and each of the women grabbed their drinks. Risa and Yumi were very interested in the video.

"M Chan, you don't mind being videotaped?" Risa asked.

"Only with Jkun because I trust him. And watching us fuck always makes me super horny and helps me cum very hard when I masturbate myself." M Chan informed her.

"Miki, you do a lot of videoing also. Is it the same with you?" Yumi inquired

"For sure. I know Jkun and M are the only two with copies of their videos and I'm the only one with copies of mine. It's a really great turn on watching yourself getting fucked. If you trust the person you're with there shouldn't be any problems." Miki told them.

"In our cases, I'm a business owner and Jkun's married and well known for teaching in our city, so we both have a lot to lose if it gets out. Miki has her copies and never loans them out so she always knows where they are. We are planning on videoing the fucking that takes place on the bed today, so if you're not comfortable with that make sure to stay away from the bed." M Chan also told them. "By the way, you'll all get your own copies of today's fun if you want. 

"Let's play a game." Miki said as she pulled a colored dice out of her pocket and put it on the table. "Each of you have your color on this dice and Jkun your color is white. If you roll someone else's color they have to remove a piece of clothing, but if you roll your own color then you have to strip everything off."

"How do you ladies know your color?" I inquired

"You'll see. It was Miki's idea." M Chan said smiling at me. "And because you are the only guy in our party you get to roll first."

"Here we go." I said as I picked up the dice and rolled the white side up. "Is this dice rigged?" I asked jokingly.

"Strip...Strip...Strip" the girls all started shouting. 

I'm not a shy person so I stood up and slowly removed my shirt, then my socks, I unbuckled my belt, undid my pants and slowly slide them down my strong legs and off my feet. I stood and gave the ladies a great view of my super hard cock trying to push itself out of my boxers. I stepped in front of Hono, with my back to her and ordered her to slide my shorts off, while I stood tall and proud. She grabbed my underwear and quickly jerked them down and off, which put her face close to my ass cheeks, which she planted a sexy wet kiss on. As my cock popped into view the other ladies cheered and eyed my cock like it was a piece of candy. I stood for a few seconds to give them all a good look. At this point, I think everyone lost interest in the video on the TV. 

"Jkun, your cock looks bigger than it did in the pictures." Yumi said excitingly.

"I think it's really big and different from my husband's." Risa chimed in.

"Let me see it again." Hono pleaded while grabbing my hips and turning me around. "I love it, but are you guys sure I can fit this monster into my little asshole?"

"Try it in your mouth again, beautiful." I told Hono as I grabbed her head and guided her mouth to the tip of my cock. I turned slightly so all the ladies could see my cock disappearing into Hono sweet mouth. 

"Ummmm. So nice. It feels so good sliding over my tongue." Hono Chan groaned as I pulled my cock out of her mouth because I feared I would just start shooting hot cum down her throat.

"Who rolls next?" I inquired excited to see what this game was going to expose.

"Me!" Hono shouted as she grabbed the dice and rolled it unto the table.

It came up purple.

"That's me!" M Chan said as she jumped up and pulled her sweater off exposing her beautiful 34C cup tits in a purple colored see thru bra.

"My turn." Miki informed us as she rolled the dice bringing up blue.

"I'm blue, so here we go!" Hono told us as she opened and removed her shirt showing us a blue bra of the same design as M Chan's and incredible cleavage. Her cleavage was actually bigger than I expected from what I seen of her tits in a previous video. I could also see the darkest areola around her huge nipples. 

Risa quickly picked up and rolled a red on the dice which caused Miki to get up and take of her sweater showing me a red bra like the previous two I got to see. Miki tits are about the same as M's, with very light colored areola and smaller pointy nipples.

"Okay my turn." Yumi said as she rolled a black. 

"Isn't that your color?" Miki asked.

"Yeah, it is. Does that mean I have to strip off everything?" Yumi inquired.

"Yes dear, it does. Leave the underwear on, but show us what you got." M Chan winked at her as Yumi stood and whipped open her shirt to show us a huge pair of tits straining in a black bra with an identical design as the others. 

My mouth must have dropped open because Yumi smiled at me. "They're 98F cups and still very firm. Do you like?" Yumi asked me as she undid her slacks and slowly slipped them down her sexy long toned legs showing me a matching G string, garter, and stockings set that matched her bra. She step out of her pants and kicked them up to Risa's lap. Then she turned around and modeled her outfit. The black underwear went perfect with her long straight black hair and her darker skin. Her ass was perfectly round with a very sexy flair to her hips. I wanted to grab her and bury my face between the cheeks and lick her little butthole. Everything about Yumi, her face, hair, and body was very hot and sexy for a 36 year women, she looked a lot like the porn star Reiko Kobayakawa. For a woman who had a 14 year old daughter she still had the toned body of someone in her early 20s.

"Fuck Yes, Yumi Chan." I said as I grabbed the dice and threw it on the table and it came up black again. "Yumi is already stripped, so what's the rule for this?" I asked.

"Yumi, remove your panties and bra!" Miki ordered, and Yumi did as she was told. "Now Jkun, because you rolled the last roll, you can have one minute to do whatever you want to Yumi except fucking her."

I was out of the chair before Miki finished speaking, grabbing Yumi and turning her around to knee on the sofa against the wall. I got on my knees behind her and sank my head into her ass and pussy, with her trimmed black bush. I slowly licked from her clit all the way up to her asshole where I slowly pushed my tongue into her. I reached under her and got both her hanging tits in each of my hands, rubbing her hardening nipples as I licked and tongue fucked her ass and pussy. Jesus, she tasted great.

"Ummmmm... Ooohhhh!... his tongue feels so good in my ass. Can he continue and make me cum?" Yumi moaned as she gently pushed back against my tongue and trust her tits into my hands. 

"Nope, times up." Miki informed us. I turned Yumi around and kissed her, slipping my tongue into her mouth letting her taste her own juices. As I stepped away back to my chair my cock was rock hard and sticking straight up against my stomach.

Honoka grabbed up the dice and tossed it unto the table while saying "White, white, white, come on white. I want to get at Jkun."

Sadly it came up green which made Risa stand up, but instead of removing her blouse, she slipped her pants down and off her feet, showing us her green g string, stockings, and grater matching everyone else's. 

Miki rolled next and got her own color of red, so she jumped up and removed her jeans which left her in her bra, G string, stockings, and grater. She must have been very horny because when she sat down I noticed a wet spot on her panties.

M Chan rolled a green forcing Risa to remove her blouse slowly showing us her B cup breasts in her green bra. I noticed that Risa seemed shy about her breasts, but I loved how they were almost perfectly round with huge areola and nipples. For a 46 year old lady with two grown kids, Risa was still a very sexy women. She had a little body fat but not much, and it only added to her sexiness giving her beautiful curvy hips and a nice round ass. Her short wavy brown hair matched her beautiful round face perfectly. 
