 Life is full of surprises. Some are good, some are bad, but if you wait long enough, even so-called worldly people can be surprised. My first complete surprise came several years after marrying Jewels. We had met while I was overseas with the Military and she was a recent High School graduate traveling Europe. We've been together ever since. 

Our relationship has always been highly sexually charged. Our first date culminated in a very difficult, but exciting oral sex encounter in the front seat of a Fiat. The acrobatics necessary to pull that off were impressive enough, but the feeling of Jewels' lips wrapped around me were even more so. Our second date was simply a quest to find a private spot to enjoy each other more fully. Of course we had dinner and drinks, but the tension throughout the pre-sexual festivities was palpable. 

We were always very honest about our sexuality. It was no secret that she had been repressing bi-sexual tendencies for many years, but had never been brave enough to act on them. I discovered this while we watched our first porn movie together and were making out. About ten minutes into the movie a girl / girl scene came on. I noticed that she stopped paying so much attention to me and was drawn to the tv screen. After a few moments I slid my hand up her thigh and felt the soft folds of her pussy. I had never felt her so wet. Her juices were flowing from her, soaking my hand as I caressed her. We discussed it at length later on and she admitted all of her fantasies and desires to me. She also expressed fear about taking that first step and admitted that she would probably never have the nerve to initiate sexual contact with another woman. It would be six years before we found out.

In 1995, we moved to Jewels' home town. I started a new job and Jewels was staying home with our first born son. During that time I met a woman at work who I really seemed to connect with. Becky was a fellow manager, divorced, had a son, and by all accounts seemed to be very average. She wasn't some beauty-queen, pin-up kind of woman. She was pretty, but seemed to hide it behind her conservative attire and business-like hairstyles. She was full-figured like Jewels and aside from being a few inches taller, reminded me so much of my wife. As friends do, we eventually had conversations about our lives, our likes, our dislikes, and our social preferences. What emerged was a very sensual, adventurous, and open personality that I never would have guessed existed. Being a single mother she didn't get to go out and blow off steam very often. Neither did Jewels and I. So, after talking to Jewels about it, it was decided that the three of us would find sitters for the kids and go hit the town for some much needed fun.

Two weeks later, we were all set. I had no idea where we would go, but Jewels and Becky had decided. I had never been to a strip club. I know that seems weird for a grown man of 28 at the time, but I had never seen the point of going to see women take their clothes off and paying $5 for a drink. Jewels and Becky, on the other hand, wanted to find out first hand what the big deal was all about. They arranged for us to visit a local club for our outing.

We arrived fairly early by club standards I suppose, because basically we were the only patrons present when we walked in. The staff was very attentive since we were the only paying customers and quickly brought our order of drinks. Becky had decided it would be vodka shooters for everyone. A bucket of ice, holding 6 tall slender vodka shot glasses, and a bowl of lime slices were placed at our table. The table itself was very small. Built for two it was barely larger than a wide barstool. This caused us all to be very close to each other and made it easier for us to talk without yelling over the music. We were off to the side of the stage and had a perfect view of the dancers as they all performed their routines and traded places asking if anyone wanted a private dance. By the time we were on our third order of shots, the place was nearly packed. Fortunately we were in an area with few tables and we were close to the restrooms, so we never had to fight our way around anyone to get what we needed. Due to my alcohol loosened wallet, the tips ensured we received prompt and steady service as well. All in all it was a pretty enjoyable time. 

Jewels is the kind of woman who has few inhibitions to begin with, but after a few drinks, inhibition is no longer a word she understands. She caught me watching a dancer and slid her hand up my leg, resting it on my crotch. She frowned. "Aww, what's the matter honey? The girls not turning you on?" "Well, not really." I answered. "It's just women prancing around in lingerie. I can see that in your Victoria's Secret catalogue." We all laughed. She gave my crotch a soft rub and looked at Becky. "He really isn't aroused at all! I think that one (nodding her head toward the dancer on stage) is really hot." Becky turned to look at the dancer. "She is. And I think her tits are even real." The girls again laughed. "I can't believe you aren't getting turned on by her." Becky said as she made eye contact with me. "He really isn't." Jewels added. Then Jewels reached over the table and took Becky's hand. She pulled Becky's hand under the table to my crotch and placed it directly onto my cock. Then Jewels gently rubbed the back of Becky's hand with her own. I was surprised, but not shocked. Becky caressed me for a moment before removing her hand and frowning at me. "My goodness, we really need to do something about that." She laughed, then added, "I'm sure Jewels will take care of you later."

What I didn't notice at first was the fact that Jewels and Becky were still holding hands. Their hands now on the table, I watched as they interlaced their fingers and flirted, rubbing their thumbs together, tracing imaginary lines with their finger nails. Our next round arrived with fresh limes. I did my shot and reached for a slice of lime. Jewels pushed my hand down to the table and picked up a slice. She placed the lime in her mouth and leaned over to kiss me. As we kissed, she bit the lime and passed it into my mouth, followed by her warm tongue. It was the most sensual kiss I had felt in a long time, so we held it as long as we could. After our kiss I looked at Becky who was frowning again. "That's not fair, I want some too." She said as she took her shot of vodka. Jewels picked up another slice of lime, passed it to me with a kiss, then gently guided my face toward Becky. I passed the lime to her in the same manner. Her lips were so soft and inviting. She accepted the lime and my trespassing tongue as if it was just meant to be. We pulled away.

"Mmmm. More." Becky demanded. We all took another shot. This time I started the lime. I passed it to Jewels who then leaned over and passed it to Becky with a kiss. Their kiss was electric. Passions that had been held back for so long had surfaced and there was no turning back. After a moment, Becky removed the lime from her mouth, but quickly returned to her kiss with Jewels. It was so erotic that I found myself staring in amazement as if watching a movie. I was in a trance, mesmerized by the beauty of this moment. After what seemed a long time, they pulled away from each other and held eye contact. Then they both looked at me. Becky reached under the table again and placed her hand on my now swelling cock. "I think we solved his problem." She said, giggling. Jewels followed suit, and after feeling me, added, "Hmm. We can do better than that. But that will come later."

The kissing lime routine continued for the next half hour or so with all of us trading kisses and slices, continuing to do more shots of vodka. Both women were dressed all in black with short skirts and lacy tops. I found myself imagining how wet Jewels must have been by this time, so I asked. "What about you? Are you aroused?" As I kissed her she pulled my hand to her inner thigh and pulled it toward her. It was not her habit to wear panties, so her naked, swollen pussy lips were no surprise. I could feel that her lips were soaked with her juices. I slid my middle finger up and down between her inner lips and pulled my hand to my lips. As I licked the tip of my finger, Becky grabbed my wrist and pulled it toward her. She stared into my eyes and ran her tongue up the length of my middle finger, eventually taking the tip into her mouth, sucking on it, savoring the taste of Jewels' pussy. I could feel Jewels' thigh shiver against mine as she watched Becky. "Mmm." Becky moaned. "Very nice."

Jewels' hand was already on Becky's left thigh. I felt Becky's right thigh push into mine as she spread her legs just enough to invite Jewels' hand closer to it's mark. A moment later, Jewels placed her fingers to her lips and tasted her new friend in the same manner. She then rubbed her fingers across my lips, allowing me to taste Becky's sweetness as well. This was the point at which we all sort of broke from our trance and realized that we were getting carried away in a public place. As we glanced around, we noticed that more patrons were watching us than the dancers on stage. It was time to go.

"When are you going to show me your new place?" Becky asked innocently. Jewels and I had just rented a house, but weren't moving in until the following week. We already had the keys. Jewels replied, "Let's go now. I think we're about to get thrown out anyway." We all laughed.

We carefully drove the few blocks to our future residence with Becky following in her car. We pulled into the drive and walked up the front steps to the door, doing our best not to stagger. I unlocked the door and opened it, doing my best door-man impression as I bowed and waved the women through. We did the standard tour of the empty house, which took some time considering it had four bedrooms, a finished attic, a full basement, and was three stories tall. Built in 1929, the Victorian style house would be a project for us with the intent being to fix it up and buy it from the owner. After the tour we all wound up in the carpeted dining room, having one of those awkward moments, not knowing if we should say goodnight, or see where else the evening would go.

I was mumbling something about dreading work Monday morning and that we should all go out again soon because it was a lot of fun to get out and let loose when Jewels reached up, placed her hand at the base of my neck, and pulled my mouth to her. She kissed me deeply and aggressively, letting me feel her need. She pulled away and placed her head on my shoulder, half hugging me while running her hand over my chest and stomach with her free hand. I kissed the top of her head and looked at Becky. She was leaning against the wall watching us. Her right hand was slowly rubbing across her tummy and along her pelvis. Jewels turned her face up to me and again kissed me. I ran my right hand up her thighs, raising her skirt as I went, and slid my hand between her legs, cupping her now dripping pussy. She shivered as I slipped two of my fingers into her. She returned the favor by grabbing my growing cock through my pants, rubbing up and down, stroking me. All the while, Becky stood, staring, but now her hand was cupping her breast, her fingers gently squeezing her left nipple. She licked her lips as if she was about to say something, but then didn't. She stepped closer to us, approaching from behind Jewels, and began running her hands over Jewels' shoulders and arms, then her waist and hips. Becky then moved Jewels hair to the side and began kissing her neck ever so softly. Jewels began to shake, either from fear, or from anticipation, but she reached behind her with one hand and pulled Becky tighter into her. 

As I kissed Jewels' lips and neck, and Becky kissed her shoulders and neck, our faces eventually met. We kissed passionately, her tongue exploring my mouth as mine did the same to hers. I began unbuttoning Jewels' blouse and unclipped the front clasp of her bra, releasing her large breasts. Becky's hands naturally roamed around Jewels' waist and rose up to caress Jewels' now bare breasts. Jewels raised her hand behind her and slid it between Becky's thighs. I couldn't see what was happening, but I could hear the moist sounds of Jewels' fingers rubbing Becky's pussy. It was then that I learned that Becky was also opposed to wearing panties, at least for a night on the town.

Jewels' was getting so worked up that she was shaking, so I thought it was time to lay her down before her legs gave out. Slowly I lowered her to the carpet, first to her knees, where I finished removing her blouse as Becky moved to her side and slid her tongue into Jewels' mouth. They held their kiss as Jewels began removing Becky's blouse, eventually exposing Becky's upper body. Becky slid lower and took Jewels' left nipple into her mouth, sucking it softly, causing Jewels to moan. Jewels held Becky's head in place by running her hands through Becky's hair to the back of her neck. Becky then reached for me and guided me to Jewels' right nipple as Jewels caressed and squeezed Becky's swaying tits.

Neither of their skirts ever fully came off, but within moments the skirts were gathered around each of their hips, fully exposing their treasures. As passions grew, both women struggled to continue pleasing each other while helping me out of my own clothes. Their hands worked in concert, Jewels' right and Becky's left, as they loosened my belt, unbuttoned my shirt, and unzipped my pants. Before long I was also fully exposed, my rigid cock bouncing eagerly in the cool air. Jewels went down to the floor onto her back, bringing Becky with her while pulling me down onto her. She wrapped her right leg around my hips and pulled my cock toward her engorged pussy, silently asking me to enter her. I paused, not knowing if I should wait and allow the women to continue their exploration. Becky noticed my pause and reached down with her left hand to take my shaft in her grasp. She guided me toward Jewels' waiting opening, softly stroking me as she did so. I entered her easily. I had never felt Jewels so wet. I could only imagine her arousal, but I could feel her hunger rush through me as I penetrated her, driving as deeply into her depths as possible. She squealed, softly bit Becky's lower lip, and released a rush of moisture that squeezed past my shaft and ran down my balls to the carpet. Becky left her hand at Jewels' pussy and rubbed her clit as I began to slide in and out of her sopping we hole. Becky's fingers explored, sliding along my shaft as it exited Jewels, picking up the juices. She sucked her fingers dry before returning to nibble and suck on Jewels' nipples. Becky had moved herself onto her hands and knees, hovering over Jewels as she licked, sucked, and kissed the naked flesh below her. Jewels had raised her left hand between Becky's legs and was rapidly fingering Becky's pussy. I could see her fingers entering and leaving Becky's body as I raised up on my knees and continued to slowly fuck Jewels. My hands also began to explore, rubbing along the small of Becky's back, along her raised ass, and down her thigh. I explored her breasts, cupping and gently squeezing them as they hung over my wife.

Becky then raised her head and looked up at me. Without saying a word, she opened her mouth, exposing her tongue, and glanced down at Jewels' pussy. I took the hint and pulled my cock from it's warm, wonderful home and lay down next to Jewels, kissing her and caressing her body. Becky immediately turned and slid over Jewels with her face hovering between Jewels' knees. As Becky's head lowered, Jewels let out a wild sounding growl that I can only describe as completely primal. Her left hand squeezed Becky's raised ass cheek and her right hand squeezed my aching cock. Seconds later Jewels screamed and Becky squealed as Jewels' cum shot out of her, splashing against Becky's lips and chin. "Oh my God!" Becky gasped. "That was fucking awesome." She then immediately drove her face back into Jewels' crotch to continue lapping at the spilled juices that were running down Jewels' lips.

Jewels let go of my cock and pulled herself up onto her elbows, watching Becky as she licked and sucked. Jewels then pushed Becky gently and guided her onto her back. Straddling Becky's face in a 69 position, Jewels then slowly lowered her head to Becky's now aching cunt and took her first real taste of female flesh. Soon Jewels was moaning and lapping at Becky's pussy like a starving animal. Becky wrapped her legs around Jewels' head and pulled her down with her hands, forcing Jewels face into her crotch even harder. Becky occasionally raised her head to suck Jewels clit, but was forced to release and lower her head back to the carpet as she was overcome by her own orgasm. Since Becky was occupied and no longer buried in Jewels' pussy, my own ache directed me behind Jewels. I slowly moved over Becky's head and placed the tip of my cock against Jewels' opening. I slid into her slowly, but not fully, only penetrating her halfway. Becky used her left hand and began to caress my balls as they dangled over her face. Becky then placed both of her hands around my legs and onto my ass. She pushed me forward, driving me into Jewels in a steady stroke. As my strokes grew harder, Jewels must have begun licking and sucking harder, because Becky's moans seemed to be timed with my penetrations. Harder and harder she pushed me into Jewels' waiting pussy, moaning and squealing in time with Jewels. Then they both came. Jewels' cum again sprayed out, soaking my balls and Becky's neck, and dripping down her inner thighs. Becky must have came pretty hard as well, because Jewels' licking sound became a slurping sound as she buried her face in Becky's pussy.

Becky then pulled me back, allowing my cock to fall out of Jewels and dangle over her mouth. She quickly took the head of my cock between her lips and sucked Jewels' juices from it. Her sucking then became more intense, taking me deeper and deeper into her mouth, the head of my cock slamming into the back of her throat. I tried to pull back a little because I thought it might be uncomfortable for her, but she immediately grabbed my hips and forced me to stay still, intentionally driving my cock as deep into her throat as possible. Eventually Jewels crawled forward allowing me to lower myself down. Becky took my cock entirely into her mouth, not stopping until she had reached the base and my balls were against her nose. She gave one brief gagging sound, then drove harder and faster, fucking her face with my cock. I pulled away when I felt I was about to cum myself. I didn't want this night to end just yet. She tried to stop me from leaving her mouth, but after she knew I wasn't following her lead, she released me.

Jewels crawled around and lay down next to Becky. Both of them were covered in a sheen of sweat and were panting from the intensity of what had just happened. Jewels took my hand and pulled me around until I was next to her, but on my knees between Becky's feet. Becky's knees were still raised, giving me a perfect view of her pussy with my bouncing cock a mere two feet from her. Jewels softly grabbed my cock and began stroking it while she locked her gaze on Becky's eyes. They looked at each other without speaking for what seemed like 2 or 3 minutes, although I'm sure it was much shorter than that. They smiled at each other and kissed softly, briefly. When they made eye contact again, Jewels gave a subtle nod and Becky nodded in reply. Apparently reaching a silent agreement, Jewels lowered her lips to Becky breast and took her nipple into her mouth while still holding my cock firmly in her hand. Slowly she pulled me down between Becky's knees, closer and closer to Becky's opening.

Becky opened her thighs as wide as she could, an unspoken invitation and approval, her body expressing what she was unable to say, asking me to enter her. I hesitated, if only for a moment, as if waiting for some confirmation of what I thought I was witnessing. Jewels released Becky's nipple and looked at me.
