 The Kellen Adventures are setup as a continuing tale of a woman and her various sexual adventures. Chris Mountain is the first installment of many to come. Each Adventure is split into small chapters with two sections, one Kellen's and other the lead male. Each Kellen Adventure can be a stand-alone story, yet the chapters are designed to be read in order. This is last installment of Chris Mountain - Chapter 4. You may want to read Chapter 3 before to see where we left off, but I'm sure you will pick up on it quickly! I hope you enjoy the ending of Kellen's first adventure. 

My work is completely fiction and designed for an adult audience. 

(Edited by Gentwithcuffs) 

***** 

Kellen 

Holy fuck I am so close, but I need him inside me to make me come. "Oh god, David please I want you," I just get out between my ragged breaths. 

David raises up, looks at me, smiles, then finds my nipples again with his mouth, sucking on each before he says, "Say it again sweet Kellen. Tell me how much you want me." 

God can't he tell? I am saying it in my head but struggling getting it out. I look over at Chris. He is now sitting on the edge of the hot tub just out of arms reach, stroking his long beautiful cock watching me. I plead to him silently for some confidence to tell David what I want again. 

"Kellen take what you want. I am right here for you baby." He slides over next to me while David stands up fully. 

I have two men staring at me. Never have I felt more wanted and sexy, yet completely unsure of how to proceed at the same time. I reach over to Chris grabbing his head and pull his mouth to mine, tasting the familiar flavor of his tongue. 

"I want him inside me," I say in his mouth. 

Chris pulls away from me with a small grin. I see David reach down pulling his trunks past his knees, then stepping out of them. His cock is fully engorged, standing straight up towards his belly button. The tip is large like Chris', but his girth is wider. I know it will fill me up and can feel my pussy pulse with excitement. 

Looking then at Chris I can see he too is fully engorged, his cock standing straight up. I needed to touch it, feel its smooth texture and hard base. I slide off the edge and face Chris, one hand on his thigh, the other grabbing his cock slowly stroking it upwards. 

I see his mouth open and corners of his mouth turn up. "Fuck," he quietly moans out loud. 

I feel David's hands start to caress my back and ass. I keep looking at my hand moving on Chris' cock, the swollen head catching my hand with each upward stroke. David nudges my feet further part and reaches between my legs finding my pussy again with his fingers while reaching around to my clit with his other hand. I can feel him push his cock between my legs, stroking up and back along the outside of my pussy. 

I lean forward, moving my hands to Chris' shoulders, face close to his, while feeling David guide his tip to my opening. I raise my ass higher, making it easier for him to enter me. 

I feel the tip press in and the rush of sensation that comes with it. My mouth opens and I look into Chris' blue eyes. I gasp as David slowly pushes himself further into my tight opening, I can feel myself stretch for him. When he pushes fully inside I feel his thighs against mine and close my eyes, adjusting to him. He feels incredible! I swallow hard waiting for more. 

"Oh fuck, you are so tight Kellen," David says through gritted teeth. 

Grabbing my hips, David starts to pull out of me slowly before pushing back in. "I love seeing my cock enter you, holding your firm ass. You're gorgeous, so responsive. I could fuck you like this all night. Fuck Chris, touch her, make her come with me." 

Chris smiles and reaches with one hand down to my clit, then puts his mouth on mine again. I can feel David pick up speed, making it harder to kiss Chris. I pull away from his mouth and go back to stroking his cock. Chris continues to rub my clit and play with one of my breasts. I can hear both their breathing getting louder and quicker along with mine. 

It feels so incredible, I have never had so much going on before, and it is almost hard to take it all in. Feeling David deep inside me, hands holding tight to my hips, my clit swelling from Chris' fingers, and him feeling my breast while I am stroking his cock is all creating an insane rush. 

I look up at Chris and smile. His eyes are dilated and dark, mouth open. I want him to come for me. I kiss him on the lips briefly before bringing my lips down towards his cock, bending over even more. I can feel David drive into me deeper. Fuck it feels so good! Tucking my lips over my teeth I lick my lips and cover the head of Chris' cock, swirling my tongue around the swollen tip before sliding it further into my mouth. 

"Oh God, Kellen, your mouth is incredible!" Chris moans to me. He moves his hand from my breast to my head, guiding me as I match pace with David's thrusts. 

"Jesus, you feel so fucking good! Come on me sweet Kellen," David grunts. 

David talking to me and sucking Chris is putting me over the edge. I start to squeeze down on David's cock with my inner walls, feeling the rush building in my pussy. I am so close, my mouth and hand stay tight around Chris. I stop at his tip as I feel my orgasm take over me. 

"Ahhhhhh, ahh, ahh, ahh," I moan as each rush comes in waves. 

I feel David slam hard into me two more times before pulling out and moaning himself. I feel his warm come squirt on my back and ass multiple times, before he mumbles, "So fucking amazing," towards my back. The warm liquid is such a contrast to the cool air. 

I look up at Chris and smile before returning to sucking his cock. I stroke him with my hand and mouth while cupping his full balls and gently playing with them. 

I can feel him tighten his body and both his hands now on my head, "Fuck Kel, I going to come!" He says quickly through gritted teeth. I feel him squirt his ropes of warm pearls into my mouth hitting the back of my throat. I milk him with my mouth until he finishes, swallow his salty seed then lick his tip before releasing him. 

********* 

Chris 

I taste my come on Kellen as I kiss her. My hands are in her messy hair, and I am feeling her soft chest and hard nipples tickle my chest. I have never had one of my fantasies lived out like this. If I could fuck her right now I would but I am not sure I can get hard for her again this quickly. 

Pulling away I look at her flushed cheeks and swollen lips. "You're incredible," I whisper to her and wipe my wet thumb across her lips. Her olive green eyes stare back at me and her soft smile lights them up. 

**** 

I continue to run my fingers along Kellen's arm as she sleeps with her back next to my chest. It feels great to relax with both our bodies are laid out along the couch in front of the fire. The light makes her skin under her grey camisole glow. I trace her with my fingertips down her arm and can't resist feeling her hip outside her panties. I smile, enjoying myself and hoping I don't wake her. 

She had been quiet since David left. I gave her space and time to shower while I put together dinner and decided a movie may be better than forcing her to talk when she wasn't ready. Frankly I wasn't sure what to talk about at the time either. 

Right now, with her soft breathing and soft skin, I don't want to move. I also don't want her to leave tomorrow, but know we both must return to reality. Both our jobs beckon and I know she is craving the heat from the sun on her skin. Playing the 'what if' game in my head is nice right now though. 

I can only imagine what it would be like to have her close, at my fingertips every day; she is a woman you don't tire of quickly. Having her near these couple days has only increased my arousal levels towards her. Thinking of everything we have written to each other knowing exactly how she will feel when I touch her, being inside her, watching her come while in my arms. 

I still haven't figured out what I will say when I kiss her goodbye tomorrow at the airport. She says I am not allowed to walk her in, just leave her at the curb. There is no question I want to keep our friendship, the benefits are amazing! She is beyond amazing. I want her to come back a visit, or if she would like, I would visit her. As I think this I understand that it is all it will be, a friendship with benefits, but it fits me, possibly her too right now and that makes me content. 

I have decided in the morning I will fuck her one more time. Very slowly, teasing her, letting her tease me. Savoring the last moments we will have together for the weekend. I can feel my cock twitch thinking about how much fun it will be. But for now I will let my tired girl sleep.