 The day was baking hot even for the height of June is was exceptional, by far the hottest day of the year so far and perfect for a walk in the high hills of The Glen. 

My destination was a one of a small series of glacial lakes set high on the sides of the mountains dominating the area. I knew that the cool breeze and the fresh air off the lakes would be wonderful on a hot day. I aimed for the highest and most remote lake, the most difficult to reach with no obvious path to it and a steep climb all the way. 

The route was hot and I was working hard for a couple of hours after I had parked the car. Steadily climbing to the ridge that I knew hid the little lake. As I walked with the burning sun beating down I thought of the beautiful clean crystal clear water and how good it would feel to plunge beneath its beautiful surface into it cool depths to refresh myself.

Finally I scaled the ridge and looked down on the perfect little lake set in a natural bowl on he side of the mountain the surrounding slopes littered with large flat rocks many higher than my head. The lake itself had a small shingle beach all the way around it making the approach to the edge of the water easy. 

Looking hesitantly around I made sure that there was nobody else about. I knew nobody was on the trail behind me but I wanted to make sure that there was nobody already here. Convinced I was alone I feverishly pulled off my boots and hot sticky clothes, leaving them in a pile on the beach and flung myself naked across the little beach and down into the clear peaty water. The cold water was a shock but a wonderful one. The water was so ultra soft and clean that it almost felt like air brushing my body, cooling and cleansing the heat and dust from me. The coolness caressed me gently, the water nurturing and buoying me within its soft cradle.

I was so intent on the pleasure of the water that I did not notice the approach of two women. The first I knew of their presence was a call from the beach. "Is it nice in there?" One of them called. 

I was surprised and a little shocked but managed to calmly call back "Yes. Beautiful and cool."

"Great." Came back the reply. "Do you mind if we join you?" 

Worried about my nakedness but hardly in a position to refuse I said "Of course not. Jump in. The water feels wonderful." I was not about to leave the water naked with the two women there, especially since the cold water would definitely have left me with a very unimpressive display as I emerged, so I had no choice but to wait and let them join me. 

Quickly the two women shed their own clothes and I was a little surprised but totally thrilled to see that they too had decided to come in naked. I could not help watching as they crossed the little beach gingerly, their breasts bouncing deliciously as they made their way down to the water as my eyes wandered over the graceful feminine curves of their bodies. 

With a couple of squeals at the coolness of the water they were soon in and moving over to me. "You were right, It does feel good. My name's Eve and this is my daughter". It was clear now that one of the two women did seem older but she definitely did not appear old enough to have a daughter who herself looked in her early twenties. Both women had beautiful bodies, clear matching skin and luscious ripe curves in all the right places. The fresh mountain water was so clear that it was totally transparent, nothing was hidden from me despite the fact that we were all standing up to our chests on the rock bottom. 

Despite my best efforts to look them in the eyes my eyes were inevitably drawn down to their beautiful breasts moving gently in the supporting water and unavoidably to their prominent nipples, hard and erect in the coolness of the water.

Eve noticed my gaze and said "It makes them stand out doesn't it? It's a pity that it does not have the same effect on men!" I looked down and realized that they could see my cock too. I had thought that it would have almost disappeared completely in the cold water but I was grateful to see that the sight of the two women naked on the beach and in the water had created just enough interest to maintain some pride without the embarrassment of an obvious erection. My cock was appeared to be floating in the water and although far from erect it was not letting me down.

They were both clearly looking down at my cock now, which sent a thrill of anticipation through me. Surely this was not going to develop any further? That sort of thing does not happen in real life does it? 

As if in response Eve reached up to her own nipples and tweaked them playfully saying "The cold makes them ache so they need rubbing. Maybe that would make your cock feel a little warmer too?" Without daring to say a word I could only watch as Eve started to pinch her nipples slightly harder and turn to her daughter asking "What do you think?"

"I think you might be right, it looks like that is going to work well" The daughter was looking directly at my cock which I could feel swelling slightly, the warmth developing slowly and contrasting with the cold water as the familiar weight of my growing erection started to rise in the clear water. Without looking down I could feel myself swelling, pushing into the cold water, a gentle ache developing as my hot flesh grew and became more sensitive to the cool currents flowing around it. Eve's daughter watched my cock intently as it grew, lifting her hands to her own breasts and copying her mother in pinching her own dark nipples, pulling at the firm taut flesh in a rush of intense sensation. Eve moved behind her daughter and wrapped her arms around her in a protective way, kissing her hair and whispering something in her ear. In response her daughter nodded and moved over to me. Without saying a word she put her hand on my hardening cock and gently began to rub me, her cold hand feeling my burning flesh.

As she did this Eve said "Today is the midsummer solstice and we have a little ritual that we would like to perform. Would you like to help us?" The state I was in I would have readily agreed to anything that involved spending more time with these two so I eagerly agreed. Eve's daughter kissed me gently on the lips and released my cock. Eve then took my cock in her hand and began to lead me to the shore, directing me with my hard cock while at the same time rubbing it gently to keep me erect.

We left the water together and Eve led me up the slope, her daughter following us. My cock was aching with lust, hard and proud in Eve's firm grasp, the solid shaft curving up between her fingers the dark swollen head ripe and juicy with passion.

She led me to a low flat rock shaped almost like an altar. Here she made me sit with my feet on the ground and immediately knelt in front of me pushing my knees apart as she lowered her head down to my upright cock. I felt her warm lips engulf my sensitive aching cock, her tongue running up the underside making me stiffen even more as I let out a groan of pleasure and fell back on the smooth warm rock.

I looked up and saw Eve's daughter standing watching us intently, one hand on her breast pinching and teasing her ripe swollen nipple the other between her thighs, her fingers moving among the sparse hairs of her pussy, parting her lips and pleasuring herself as I abandoned myself to the sensations of her mother's mouth.

As I lay back watching her daughter Eve pulled her mouth off my cock and stood up. Taking her daughter's hand she drew her towards where I lay. She made her kneel as she had done and lower her mouth toward my swollen upright cock. I gasped when I felt her cool hands guide me into the warmth between her lips. Her cool fingers caressing my shaft and balls while the warmth of her lips and mouth surrounded the swollen sensitive head, in my intense excitement I could feel the sweet clear nectar running from the tip of my cock onto her tongue as she savoured my flesh. Eve made her way up the rock to where my head lay. Bending down with her breasts swinging deliciously beneath her she dropped her mouth to mine and started to kiss me deeply and sensuously. Her tongue easing its way into my mouth as I moaned with the pleasure of her daughter's mouth on my cock. 

Breaking free from the kiss Eve said breathlessly "Please take my daughter, but be gentle you will be her first man." Stunned but desperate to satisfy my raging lust I nodded and pulled her down to kiss me again. After another deep kiss Eve broke away and lifted her daughter's head from my lap. "It is time." She said softly and lifted her to her feet.

My cock was thrusting up eagerly from between my thighs, wet with saliva and very obviously ready for more attention. Eve's daughter climbed up over me, her legs positioned either side of mine and moved up until our heads were level. We looked deeply into each other's eyes for a moment then kissed, sinking deep into a pool of mutual passion, sharing our rising excitement. Locked together like this I could feel her hips above mine and although her weight was not on me I could feel my sensitive cock brushing against the soft hairs of her pussy and smooth delicate skin of her stomach. 

As we kissed Eve took my cock in her hand and lifted it upright between her daughter's thighs, placing its hard warmth between the soft cheeks of her rounded bottom. Then I felt her gently opening the lips of her daughter's soft delicate pussy and guiding me towards the centre of her sex. The sensitive engorged head of my cock touched the moist warmth of her body and pressed gently against her. The tip moved and slipped sensuously between her moist open petals, Eve used my cock to rub her daughter's clit as her sex began to move against me and then allowed my hardness to explore the soft openness of her sex. The wetness of her excitement anointed my eager swollen hardness, and the blunt tip pressed on, her mother guiding my thick curving shaft with her fingers as it began to push against the yielding softness between her pouting lips. Gently and slowing she stretched around me and with tiny movements of our hips the tip began to gently ease inside. Deliciously and thrillingly I felt the head of my cock slip smoothly into her warmth, her body willingly accepting mine into hers. As I slipped inside I felt her beautiful little pussy squeeze then stretch around me where my shaft thickens behind the head, yielding once again and opening further to allow me in. We stayed like this for some moments, rocking gently against each other while Eve's hand kept me in place, her daughter slowly and gently working my engorged and aching cock deeper into her body as she flowered around and above me. 

She anointed me with the dew spreading from her moist sex as she worked against the resistance of her own body, my thick shaft stretching her tight little pussy to its limits, then with a flood of release and overwhelming pleasure she sank down onto me, impaling herself hard on my rigid cock and driving it high up inside herself. She cried out with pleasure and bit down hard on my shoulder as she banged her clitoris down onto the base of my cock. Her pussy began to contract on my cock milking me as the crashing waves of her orgasm overtook her. She thrust her hips at me using my cock wantonly to intensify her pleasure and I felt Eve squeezing my balls then pushing her finger into my arse to encourage me to come with her. I could not help myself. With her tight pussy milking my cock and the finger pressing into me I emptied myself deep inside her body. My anus contracting on the probing finger as I felt my warm cream erupting from me with powerful spurts against her sensitive cervix making her cry out again as she felt my pulsing cock empty itself deep inside her body.

As she collapsed upon me I held her tight in my arms, kissing her neck breathlessly with her head resting on my shoulder, my cock still inside her softening slowly in the aftermath of our pleasure.

Despite the fact that I had come my cock did not relax entirely. Eve was still feeling my balls and pressing her finger into my arse so I stayed semi hard, moving my hips gently and enjoying the warm wetness surrounding my sensitive sex. After a couple of minutes the girl on my shoulder stirred and began to respond with movements of her own hips. I could feel myself start to harden again and grow inside her as her gorgeous pussy and slipped over my swelling flesh. As I hardened she sat back on me, forcing me as deep as possible inside her once again, resting on her outstretched arms, her hands either side of my head as she pushed herself back down onto my thick shaft.

I reached up with my mouth and began to nuzzle her nipples, teasing them fully erect with my lips and teeth before sucking them into my mouth and feasting on their ripe hardness. She writhed on my cock as I enjoyed her full heavy breasts and taut nipples, grinding the base of my cock against her clit and pushing me as deep as I could possibly go up into her eager sensitised body. As the hard rock began to hurt her knees she sat upright on me, pulling me up with her so that we were both sitting upright, her on my lap with her legs crossed behind me as I sat on the smooth rock. Like this she worked herself against me, riding my cock and occasionally leaning right back as I held her so that she could feel even more of me inside her. 

Eve stood beside us and placed her hands on each of our heads, gently drawing our faces to her full ripe breasts. We both felt drawn towards her and eagerly lowered our heads and opened our mouths around her succulent nipples, sucking and tenderly biting her inflamed flesh. She pulled us closer, her hands still behind each of our heads as she fed herself to us, nurturing our pleasure as we pleasured each other, drawing the energy from us as we drank it from her to pass it between our intimately connected bodies. Her nipples swelled in our mouths as I reached between her legs and found her open sex as her thighs parted for my probing fingers. Her clit standing proud and erect, eager for my touch, her fluid hips moving herself against my hand and intensifying her pleasure as I sought to let her come with us.

As her excitement mounted and her movements became more urgent we sucked harder on her nipples and became more frantic ourselves. My cock drove deeply into the molten core of the writhing body moving upon me, the curving shaft of my ripe swollen cock thrusting high enough to touch her womb, the thick solid base working harshly against her delicate lips and exposed clit. My other hand reaching to grip her heaving buttocks and pulling her onto me driving me so deep that I could feel my balls pressing against her, bouncing against the sensitive skin of her arse as I thrust upwards into her wetness. 

Not believing that I come again so quickly I felt myself begin to lose control, the pleasure coursing from my balls to the tip of my cock in intense waves as I felt my body empty inside her again, my sperm pumping against her womb as my twitching cock moved inside her and triggered her own orgasm, her round buttocks squirming against my hand as I gripped her tightly against me, holding onto my spurting cock and savouring her abandoned movements in the throes of our combined pleasure. Our muffled cries against Eve's breasts and our feverish sucking on her sensitive swollen nipples had Eve on the edge of orgasm. As we started to come I pushed my thumb over her clit and then let it slide between her legs and deep into her body as my forefinger returned her earlier favour and pushed into her tight little anus. She cried out and pushed herself onto the base of my thumb squeezing her thighs around my hand, burying my finger and thumb even deeper and jerking her hips with abandoned excitement onto my finger and thumb, working her inflamed sex onto my hand as she came with us, our mouths still tightly locked onto her swollen nipples. I our combined pleasure slowly subsided Eve pulled herself off my fingers and leaned down to kiss me. "Thank you. The daughter you have planted in my daughter Eve's womb will ensure that the line is not broken and that the Earth remains fertile and protected for another year. The cycle continues."

She then straightened and beckoned to her daughter who gave me a final deep parting kiss on the lips and then reluctantly slipped herself off my soft satisfied cock to stand beside her mother. Together they bent and kissed me once more then walked away hand in hand still naked, their clothes apparently forgotten, as they headed down to the shore of the little lake. To my astonishment as they reached the water they simply carried on across the pristine calm of the surface, walking steadily towards the other side. As they headed further out across the lake they seemed to fade from view and by the time they had reached the far shore I could no longer make them out. They had gone leaving me with nothing more than a delicious memory and strong sense of hope for the future.