 For five days now, Khalfan, the solidly built local had been fucking Suzie, the smart little wife of Vicar Jason. It stopped for a while then as Khalfan had to return to his tribal home. He would be back. 

Suzie was on top of the admin and getting on well with the people around her, head nurse Fola, a tall girl in her thirties, was good to work with and helped Jason and Suzie settle in. She was also highly religious and would most likely spoil things if she knew about the extra curricular life going on under her nose.

Suzie had taken to going braless due to the heat causing her bra to rub under her arms causing a rash. Added to the t-shirts and shorts she normally wore, the clergyman's prim and proper wife of a year ago looked very sexy indeed, and not at all like the smartly dressed, much respected lady about town of old. She had back then been known as 'The Lady', she still acted such in company now, but was really as much of a slut as she looked.

Taking the old land rover, Suzie went off for a long ride to the town where a lot of the supplies came through for the mission. Sampson, the mid sixties local that helped run things, was not happy. A woman was vulnerable at times around here and should not go off alone to places she doesn't know.

Bem, the warehouse boss where the supplies were delivered, was a fat and bald slob in his fifties. 

His lorry, an old British army bedford, was in for repairs and his small van just couldn't manage the roads to some out laying places. He explained that his schedule for deliveries when the lorry returned meant the mission was days away from it's goods. 

A number of medicines were almost out of stock at the mission and Suzie wanted to take what she could in the rover. She was well aware that Bem and his team had been slacking in the weeks before her arrival.

"This is very awkward Miss," he said, rubbing his hands together. "I must take my workers from other tasks to fetch your things, could you not come back tomorrow or later?"

"No, I need these things now, your contract guarantees delivery, no excuses, do I need to go over your head?" Threatened the little woman.

"You can try Miss, but I expect it will get you nothing, but you can try!"

Suzie knew the set up, she had read all she needed to about the contracts. She went straight to the company offices and walked right into the CEO's office. 

"And who do you think you are Lady, have you no manners?" Asked Ebo, six two, over weight but not gross, off white ironed shorts and open necked short sleeved shirt.

"I am the representative of the mission that is waiting for your delivery and will remove your licence if I get any more problems from this company!" Announced the trim blonde with the pointing nipples in her red Mrs David Tennant t-shirt and short blue shorts.

This brought Ebo up short, he should have rented transport to see to his important clients, and he knew he was on the back foot, for now. Naturally, as boss, he blamed someone else and there and then arranged a lorry to be at the mission, with the full load, by ten the next morning.

Suzie went home feeling very empowered.

At nine thirty three a.m. The next day, Bem and two young men began to unload the goods the mission was waiting on. He was very apologetic. Suzie felt in charge.

Two days later she and Jason held a bible class in the morning, and then split up to do checks on former patients at villages near by.

Khalfan met Suzie as she drove up to the gap in the wooded fence around the hutted settlement. He took a good look at her body as she excited the rover, leering with intent to excite. 

"Hello Miss Suzie, you look very fuckable today." Which was true, cut off denim shorts, white t-shirt with Marc Bolan's face on the front in black, and two peanuts highly visible. "My Father wants to meet you after you have checked the sick ones."

"It is about time, we should have met earlier but you know how busy we've been since arriving."

The three checks were quickly done, and things were going well, more meds issued and some dressings changed and that was it. Now to meet the Chief, Hami.

Built like a premiership football player, five feet ten and a full head of short curly hair, Chief Hami welcomed the wife of his local missionary in a less than traditional manner.

"My Son, strip this white whore and fetch you brothers, I will fuck her now." Instructed the forty nine year old African.

A rather shocked blonde was soon bereft of clothes, her plimsolls coming off with her shorts as she was sitting, dumped, on the floor. Khalfan was out of the doorway and Hami's face in her crotch before she could say 'What the...'

The rough matting and facial stubble of her assailant was a turn on, as well as the shock of the sudden assault. In less than two minutes Suzie had an orgasm that was so strong she very nearly blacked out. Her nub was on fire and her stomach boiling as her quim was set on by a man she had not even said one word to. 

Suzie very nearly missed the insertion of a hard black cock, had it been slipped gently in she would have hardly felt it. As it was, one hard ramming motion and she was full of black meat and had to bring her legs up and around her lover for comforts sake.

There was no fineness at all, hard, powerful strokes took her away on a cloud of sex, she was lost to the world as she existed in just her bubble of orgasmic joy with the Chief of an African tribe ploughing her valley like a mad man.

Suzie was exhausted when she finally received a river of cum into her hole. Hami had kept going for almost fifteen minutes giving the slim woman countless orgasms. She took several deep breathes before a blurry black figure planted itself upon her and took over fucking her. No names, no pack drill, just more hard black cock.

Had Suzie known of the crowd outside the hut looking in, she may have been turned on by it, or worried, but she was oblivious. Her whole existence was the huge cock banging away at her, belonging to a man she had not actually even seen properly. Not as fast as his father, but more powerful with his thrusts, the owner of the cock was in it for just his own pleasure, not caring that he was giving the English missionary one of the fucks of her life.

The third son was fucking her when Suzie passed out. Sat cowgirl style, the poor used white woman collapsed onto the strong chest beneath her. She was still fucked for several more minutes before yet more cum was loosed into her pussy. Her limp body was rolled onto the floor and left while father and sons drank beer and ate meat and talked about how they would fuck the Lady many times in the future.

Suzie slept.

Just over two hours later and Suzie was awake, bent over a bench or table, with a large black cock in her mouth and pussy. She never knew which man dumped cum in her mouth or quim, she just accepted two loads in each orifice. She came twice and then dozed for half an hour.

After a small meal and a wash, a well fucked missionary was led to her land rover and told that Khalfan would be back to the mission soon, in his volunteer capacity of course. It was a very tired woman that drove home.

Three days later, Jason arrived back at the mission from town. He was a little flustered as he had a form for Suzie to sign, in regard to the hiring of a lorry for deliveries. It was simply proof that Ebo had hired it under the mission contract, but as the admin officer, only Suzie could sign it. She would have to add Jason the the list of authorised staff, a simple error on taking over.

Lunch over, Suzie took the form into town, again going alone. This time she asked to see Ebo and was politely shown in by a clerk.

"I brought your form in, I know the money flow can be tight so I thought you might like it soonest." She announced.

"Yes indeed, my thanks Miss, very kind. Perhaps a look around while you are here?"

"Oh. Yes, why not thank you, why not." 

On leaving the office Ebo passed the form to the same clerk and ordered it dealt with right away. He then led Suzie to a large side office with two clerks in it. 

"Here is where orders such as yours are processed, there are few telephones on land lines here, so this is a busy office. Old fashioned fax and so on are more reliable due to the surrounding area I am told. We contact many overseas suppliers but few will deliver further into the interior than here. Competition for business locally his close Miss."

Suzie was aware that even mobile phones were not reliable forquite some distance, land lines were a premium.

"Out side we have special storage for things like your medicines or valuables, this way." And Ebo led Suzie out to a busy yard.

Several containers were wired for electricity, and a water hole had electric and manual pumps, this was for times when the piped water was off. Ebo led Suzie behind the container line.

Inside the tree line was a small shack with only two walls, and a very grubby king size mattress inside. Ebo introduced this as a staff recreation area. Even as she asked what that meant exactly, Suzie was grabbed from behind by a fat, strong male, and her mouth covered. One of the warehouse workers that had delivered her goods grabbed her legs and pulled down her little black running shorts and panties.

As she was manhandled onto the mattress, Bem, from the warehouse, appeared in front of her and spoke. 

"You may think there is authority for you here Miss, but your power is from another country than the one you are in. And we are here and in authority, so you will make no threats to us as we are in authority." Bem pronounced in his thickly accented patois. He also dropped his dirty looking track suit shorts to reveal a gnarled, fat cock that was already dripping pre cum.

Suzie tried to protest but the hand over her mouth was firm. As was the cock that was now wiping it's fluid over her pussy lips. 

"You see," Said Ebo as his manager (incoming) pushed his ugly cock into the beautiful white woman's hole, "We do not like threats, and you have no back up here. So, I think a monthly visit to 

keep us slovenly work shy natives in check would be in order. If not, we will come to your mission instead, what do you think, MISS?"

There was no actual reply as now that she was pinned under a fat belly and cock, the man holding her had let go and from the side, stuffed her mouth with his long cock. Her acquiescence was assumed.

Bem would have been pleased to think that he was pleasuring the English woman if he cared, but her orgasms were of little interest to him, he was enjoying some white pussy, and the way the perfectly sized breasts bounced back and forth in time to his thrusts. He took a bit over ten minutes to fuck Suzie and pore his seed into her with several pig like grunts. 

The equally over size worker that had held her, took his cock from her mouth and got down to fucking her, his long rod was making her cum within minutes, while another length was put into her mouth for sucking. 

Ebo had her put on hands and knees, and, while her mouth continued to entertain a cock, he went for her arse. Using fluid from her quim, he prepared her for his meat and shoved it in all the way in just three pushes. The missionary screamed over the cock in her mouth and then choked on the cum that shot into her throat. She was still getting over that when another cock was pushed into her mouth.

The two warehouse men, Bem and Ebo went to town on the lovely blonde lady. She was fucked cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, with and without more meat in her mouth. She was stood up and bent over to take two cocks, and, possibly as a joke, fucked missionary style by all four. 

One of the workers was quite verbal about his intentions.

"I give you a black baby," he said in patois, I shoot cum in white pussy for black baby. You like fucking, you whore, you are slut, you are white cunt for black baby juice, I give you cum for black baby, white whore." It made her orgasm again. 

All the men noticed how the hot little trollop was into the sex after a short while. Compliant, helpful and enthusiastic, breasts bouncing and pussy pumping, she took all they could give her on the dirty mattress. Tired, as Bem shot the last load of black cum into her sodden hole, he snogged the vicar's wife and she snogged him back. Then she had to clean up all four dripping rods.

Suzie was thrown a damp rag to clean up with, and her clothes were given back. As Ebo walked her, on unsteady legs, back to her rover, she said to him;

"So lets say within two to three days after delivery then shall we?"

"What?" He responded.

"The monthly meeting, you deliver, then I deliver, yes?" She asked with utter coolness, knowing that would ensure a better delivery schedule.

"Ah yes, very good Miss, we give you the goods at the missionary, and you give us the goods here, very good. I look forward to the next meeting."

The shy, upright and respected wife of the local vicar from a year ago, would have been devastated to know what she would become in so short a time. 

When Suzie got home, Khalfan was waiting for her.