 He has his first time and gives others their first time. 

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

Hope you enjoy another furry tale .. tail .. well you know. A good roll in the furs is had by all.

1

Robert Rappaport is not only the landlord of a very nice apartment building but lives in the Penthouse unit where he lived with his parents before their untimely disappearance. He inherited some prime income producing real estate along with it from his parents who vanished on a trip to Thailand a few years back when Robert was only 18. They had left him legally in charge since he was already quite savvy, having learned a great deal from his parents about investing and their business. He had already been investing on a small scale "getting his feet wet" as his dad put it, before they disappeared.

Of all the buildings Robert owns the one he lives in is the most interesting. It's not the building so much, though the style is very fine, as the relationships he has with a few of its tenants. He is is a very successful young business man in real estate and some other marketing areas as well. His charismatic and sociable personality helps him for sure and also is a magnet for a few of his tenants. Robert never wants for the presence and affection of beautiful and sexy women. Though at first glance they are seemingly charitable and sociable relationships there is a spider's web of erotic involvement that all willingly and eagerly share.

Robert grieved for a year or so hoping for good news of his parents and coming to grips with their loss. He eventually began to pay closer attention to what was his inheritance and got back on his feet attending the university. He was already in his Junior year by then and began pursuing the same kinds of real estate investments he inherited from his parents. 

One thing of his parent's that literally softened his grief were their many furs. He fondled them as he had done most of his life and then began sleeping with them and in them. There is a thick Lynx spread on his parents bed which is his now. He redecorated the room to suit his tastes turning his room into a home office. His father had a few furs his mom got for him that he seldom wore. Robert began wearing them. The mink lined leather jacket quickly became his regular jacket to school and anywhere else. He got a couple more like it of other furs. The big whiskey colored Mink overcoat he began to wear to the symphony. He had grown to love the symphony, going with his mother as a child. 

For any number of reasons Robert was still a virgin at 19. He had always been a bit of a shy geek and his devotion to his mother didn't help his situation. She exerted a large influence over his life and condoned his fondness for her furs. 

Robert is a tall guy of average build and not particularly athletic. He has light red hair and strikes a reasonably handsome figure in the whiskey mink overcoat. Much more so than his father. This was the beginning of his self confidence and charismatic personality as he tested the waters at the symphony. He always felt secure there knowing the rules of behavior and how far he could push them in a social situation.

Coming out of his grief he kept running into a sophomore girl on campus who was attracted to him in his fur lined jackets. She wanted him to let her wear one. Seems girls had begun to discovered Robert. He wasn't sure if it was the fur or the wealth it implied. He wasn't about to be such a fool as to let a pretty face part him from his fortune. He's too smart for that ploy. Not to say he wasn't going to take advantage of his situation. 

He began to understand sexual flirting and started his first efforts on this luscious blond. She didn't realize at first she had started something where she would be under his control in the end.

Bernice is a true blond with long thick flowing hair. She's a reasonably well endowed five nine and with her clear blue eyes is a beauty. Normally it would be her that would play hard to get as she normally does, having him dance to her tune. Robert did everything but taunt her. He began dating her and was very polite as he drops her off without a kiss for several dates. She does get to wear the jacket on the fourth date. She clings to it like a trophy. She gets her kiss. It's Roberts first adult girl kiss but plays her like a pro. She is left hanging and hot. Robert takes control and he realizes it in the moment, watching her hang in lustful desire.

The next date is to the symphony. Bernice is awed and out of her depth. Robert wears his mink overcoat and she is all over him like a cheap whore. He tunes her up in the car from picking her up with the beginnings of fondling her body as they kissed. He finds he loves fondling her firm breasts. She's seduced, wanting his hands on her and has to have his fur all over her. Robert realizes his fantasies of making love in furs for his first time is now a probability. 

Robert was never shielded from his parent's love and affection for each other. His dad often groped and fondled his mom in his presence. Seeing mom's tit's squeezed and fondled by dad is etched in his mind like an instruction manual. Hearing his parents love making noises as he eavesdropped gave him a pretty good idea of what was happening. Text books, love stories and porn sites filled in the rest. Robert had been daydreaming, masturbating with fur fantasies and planning how to take his first woman for some time. Bernice is his first real opportunity and he intends on making the most of it. Besides she's smart and he really likes her. Her body is driving him crazy.

Bernice thought she was an experienced lover. She had gotten laid maybe a dozen times over the past year and a half since loosing her virginity. No guy had actually brought her to orgasm during intercourse hard as she tried. See looked forward to that actually happening but was getting disillusioned. Guys must not know how? Like they're using her to jerk off. For some unexplained reason Robert has gotten her incredibly sexed up and she is looking forward to getting laid, maybe in or on his fur coat? She's thinking that would be quite nice. Kind of like the Playboy stories of guys getting laid by a woman in a fur coat. The idea made her wet just thinking about it after feeling Roberts furs.

Bernice attacks Robert in the car before leaving the garage at the symphony. She manages to get herself more generously fondled. She's bent on getting laid tonight. Robert suggests they got to his place for some drinks and Bernice eagerly accepts. 

She's appropriately impressed with Robert's place and settles into the couch with its big Red Fox throw and pillows. She's thinking this is where she'll get laid tonight. Robert already has her blouse undone and her breasts fur fondled as he comes from behind her sitting in the couch. Bernice is already beyond seduced and squirming to his touch. He has yet to remove anything including the mink overcoat.

They sit together on the couch and have the Martini's he's made. There is a pitcher full and Robert has them both feeling no pain fast. Robert's gazing admiringly at her bare breasts and hard nipples, touching them with fur and squeezes them as they sit and drink. With her blouse off and her bra loose she's feeling the furs to her body and Robert has her squirming and softly moaning. When he slips a finger up her twat she groans loudly with wondrous feelings. Robert expertly, slowly and softly pumps her to near an orgasm as he fur fondles more of her exposed flesh. Bernice is getting more than she expected and far more sensitively than anyone before with his focus on her pleasure and level of excitement.

When Robert begins sucking on her breasts she shakes with the sensations and is on the verge of orgasm gripping his mink. She knows he will be in her soon and can hardly wait to feel his cock sliding into her.

Robert lifts her up in his mink covered arms and carries her nude body down the hall to the bedroom. She's hugging and kissing him in his fur as they go.

He lays her in the Lynx spread and Bernice nearly orgasms with the touch of the fur wrapping around her entire body watching Robert remove his clothes from beneath the mink. When his substantial cock springs forward with his pants falling to the floor she gasps with excitement.

"Should I use a condom?" he asks.

"I'm protected. Please don't." she replies. "Nice of you to ask."

Roger spreads her legs and is in her twat with his mouth in an instant. Bernice is pulling him tight to her, pulling on his mink. Roger surprises himself at how much he likes the first contact with her soft muff and sweet smell as he suctions her labia. He figured she would like this. Bernice moans loudly and orgasms almost instantly, her girlie juices flowing as Robert eagerly sucks her dry. 

Bernice is already feeling much better than any time before, very relaxed and excited by getting it in the furs yet eager to get fucked having already orgasmed. 

Robert slips up on her and is deep into her with a single thrust. Bernice gasps and nearly orgasms again. He slowly slides in and out of her, holding her suspended with her excitement as Robert feels his cock squeezed and massaged by her wonderfully warm and soft twat. He feels his excitement grow and the tight feeling in his balls. He picks up the pace feeling Bernice tighten and take short gasping breaths. Orgasm strikes them both as Robert unloads into her soft well his pulsing warm essence. Bernice tightens with gasping quick breaths, gripping his mink for all she's worth then releases, falling limp and motionless in the fur spread. Robert falls flat on top of her and begins kissing her all over her face and neck. 

Robert remembers a soft command of his dad's from one night listening at their door after such a moment of his mom and dad's love making.

"Roll over in the furs Bernice." as he grips her gently and pushes her face into the Lynx. What he sees is like looking at the main diagram of "The Instruction Manual". Her cheeky butt staring at him. He swings his leg over her thighs and his cock finds her soft labia lips as if programed. He thrusts hard and deep, much deeper than before to his surprise. "No wonder dad liked this" he thinks. Bernice moans loudly, like his mom, and she thrusts her butt up to him automatically. Robert pummels her twat for all he's worth and Bernice is having another orgasm almost instantly, then another and another. Robert is almost constantly ejaculating into her and Bernice can feel the hot fluids pumping into her hot twat. She is driven to excess beyond anything she could ever have dreamed.

Only the pain of his cock and it beginning to soften has Robert relenting. He swings back and lays beside Bernice in the fur spread. Bernice crawls over on top of him, kissing him all over. She grips his wet cock and strokes it as she kisses him. She is soon holding a revived and very hard rod in her hand. She slides down and takes him in her mouth, something she's heard about but never done. Robert is floating in fur heaven now with his cock in her mouth and laying in the lynx spread stroking her wonderful blond hair laid out over him with his cock receiving the most wonderful attention as he pumps one last load into her mouth. He is sure his parents are smiling down on his pleasures and successful passage to manhood. They both fall asleep almost instantly.

Robert awakes with Bernice wrapped in his mink, inside out and straddling him with his cock deep into her. She has started pumping him, her tits bouncing nicely and a big grin on her face. She thinks she's in control. Robert reaches up with the lynx and begins fondling her tits with the fur as she pumps him. She is quickly overcome with an orgasm, then another. She can't quit. It is an addiction now as she rides his magnificent cock and feels the furs caressing her body having all the sexual satisfaction she could ever imagine.

Robert is soon behind her and driving her beyond her wildest imagination as he pummels her tight twat relentlessly and attentively fur fondling her whole body. Bernice passes out with the sensation overload. She awakes a bit later to the smell of breakfast. She goes flush with the realization she is his love slave as she wraps herself in soft furs and goes to the smell of food.

Robert takes her back to her dorm after breakfast and spends the rest of the weekend contemplating his success at the loss of his virginity. He is more than satisfied and so is she. In fact he thinks maybe he has created a problem of her wanting much more than a good screw. He does too but not a wife. Robert is also now addicted to sex in the furs and wants that sensation and experience. He wants it as a regular thing in his life. No wonder his mom and dad screwed so much and why his mom had so many furs and wore them around his dad all the time!

Tuesday is first of the month and rents are due. Most tenants either slip an envelope under the door or deliver it in person. This month is just like the others with a note from one saying he would be a few days late. Robert is not a ruthless landlord and lets things slide a few days before he gets on them and they all know this. He had picked this up from his parents as good business.

The tenant from unit 202 knocks on his door. Nancy is a woman of 23 and recently divorced. Her husband had been abusive and Robert's parents had helped to protect her in the divorce. She stayed on after the divorce, having a good enough job to keep the apartment. His parents had not increased her rent as with a few others.

"Robert, I lost my job and I'm looking for another. If necessary I'll have to get a cheaper apartment. I have a temp. job that is bringing in some regular money but not enough. Can you float me for a month or so 'till I can get sorted out?" 

Robert responds almost knee jerk. "Of course. Is there anything I can do to help?"

"I was thinking I might take in a room mate. My unit is quite large. Is that OK?" 

"Of course."

After she leaves Robert has a demonic thought. Nancy is a very attractive and sexy woman. He knew his dad was attracted to her. His mom knew this though he would never do anything about it. Robert had always had fantasy fur masturbations over her since she first moved in. Her Slim body is not a Playboy centerfold but it is very attractive and with her red hair and sweet demeanor Robert had always found her seductive. After all his father thought so. She is only a few years older after all. 

Nancy had always looked longingly at his mom in fur so he suspected she would be quite receptive to that. To him? That may be a different matter given her divorce and him being younger. Still it might be worth some further thought and effort. The next day he met her in the lobby on his way to school and invited her to his place for dinner. She eagerly accepted.

Nancy was at his door promptly at six dressed in a tight suede miniskirt and T neck long sleeved dark green sweater, her thick red hair in a wonderful curly disarray. No bra or pantie lines. Seductive or what?

"Come in. You're looking lovely tonight!"

"Am I not dressed properly?"

"Absolutely." and she smiled sweetly. He then knew her agenda was the same as his.

"I had always liked your folks and had hoped you would be as nice as them. I'm right it seems."

"Sit here." Roger directed her to the couch with the Red Fox throw and pillows he had carefully arranged on it. Nancy went right for them. "Have a drink? Bourbon?" 

"Oh yes, thanks." he sits next to her and they take a sip.

"What kind of work are you looking for?"

"I'm very good with a computer. The more advanced engineering or bookkeeping and the like so anything that requires those skills is fine with me. Like to avoid secretarial type work."

Nancy is sweetly smiling at Robert the whole time they are talking, twisting and squirming in the furs. She wraps the throw around herself, smiling as they are talking. Robert is pretty sure the agenda is set as he had anticipated.

"Let's sit and eat. Dinner is ready."

They chat about former tenants and things that had happened in the building. Nancy reiterated how much she liked his parents and what a nice person he had turned out to be. 

After eating Robert begins clearing the table and Nancy jumps in and helps. 

As they are doing so .. "Your mom always looked so beautiful in her furs. She wore them so well .. like they were ordinary yet always beautiful." Robert freezes and Nancy is about to apologize for an inappropriate remark .. 

"Would you like to try on some of her furs? It's been awhile since I've seen a beautiful woman actually wearing fur." Nancy is stunned and stammers ..

"Wwwhy yes I would .. just for you."

"I'll bring out a few for you to try on." 

Robert had given some thought for what to do. Much he left to chance and her responses. He brings out a dark Mink jacket first. Start small and cautiously. She tries it on and it's a long jacket with her miniskirt showing only an inch below it .. almost like she had nothing on. Robert is stimulated by the look and, in the mirror, so is Nancy. She begins to more seductively model the fur. 

Robert goes for more, returning with a full length hooded Lynx coat and a big white Arctic Fox coat with huge collar. Robert takes the opportunity to drape the Arctic Fox around her. 

"Oh my god!! this is incredible Robert." as she swings around and even more seductively models. "You know Robert, your dad had a thing for me. He never did anything about it and with your mother in furs I can see why not." Nancy's 'come here and take me' look was nearly more than Robert could handle. He managed to restrain himself. He wanted her to nearly beg him. 

"Try the Lynx now." he demands. 

Nancy drops the Fox from her shoulders over the back of the couch in a most seductive way and walks into the Lynx he is holding out for her. She looks at him with wanting desire as he wraps her in lynx. She is weak with her desires and sits on the couch. She lays back and pulls the Red Fox to her, nestling into the big Red Fox pillows. Robert goes over to her and sits beside he.

"Did you want him to take you?" fur fondling her exposed legs with the Foxes.

"Not as much as I want you to take me now!"

Robert picks up the Foxes and "Follow me" as he takes off one piece of his clothes at a time walking down the hall to the bedroom. It's clear Nancy has little to remove with her nipples pushing out between the knit of her thick sweater. They look hard as rocks. 

Standing beside the bed Robert takes off his pants as Nancy drops the lynx from her shoulders. He slips her sweater over her head as her firm tits bobble lightly. The areola is very large and dark with nipples like large bullets. Robert is sucking one before he can think it is so delectable. Nancy lightly moans with satisfaction as she reaches down to grab his stiff cock.

"Was your dad this large?" Roger doesn't answer but shoves her back into the furs and is into her with a single powerful thrust. Nancy groans and thrusts up to him. With a few swift strokes Nancy is feeling her desires flood over her. Robert rises up with outstretched arms and pins her arms into the furs, looking down on her as he pumps her twat. Nancy knows this is just the first of many smiling with her passions welling up to orgasm. This "boy" has already done what her ex had never been able to do for her. She orgasm quickly. She also knows the first won't be the last as she releases her passions in a flood of spasms. Robert pumps her to oblivion as he fills her womb with his warm fluids in powerful shots, his young virility driving her to excess.

She awakes to his tugging her. "I have to get to class." 

"OK. I'll dress."

Going down the elevator Robert kisses her softly. Nancy has the excitement of first love. 
