 "Hi, Donald. How are you?" Kevin answered in the back room of his gun shop. 

"Oh, I'm very well. I had a threesome with Heather and Kat. You know, my sister. Evidently, Heather wants her to marry you, while she weds me. We'd continue our relationship, fuck each others' wife, and also enjoy the benefits of Heather dominating Kat. Yeah, my sister has proven to be much wilder than I believed. Kat knows everything about us by now, most likely. Heather would be sure to tell her. If you're interested, just let me know," Donald proposed. 

"Interested? Hell, yes! If she's as sexy and kinky as her brother, then it would make for a lot better marriage than the one I just ended. Especially if I know that Heather will help us keep her under control," Kevin grinned, glad that he had enough privacy at the moment to discuss the issue more freely. If he were at the counter, that wouldn't be the case. 

"In that case, why don't we plan to meet, just the four of us, and work out a deal? My parents are gone for the weekend, so that might be the safest location. We can order a pizza and make a night of it. You know, have a foursome. It wouldn't hurt Kat to see two men together and getting her first interracial sex would be nice, too," Donald offered. 

"Count me in. I would love to get it on with you in front of others and not have them frown on it. My cock is getting hard at the idea of fucking all three of you. Obviously, there would have to be breaks and turns. Two cocks allow for a lot of possibilities, don't they? I get to go freestyle, too, since you did," Kevin smiled lustfully at that idea. 

"Come on over, then. I think that we'll all be more than ready for you," Donald suggested with a grin. 

"I'll be right there. Just text the directions to my cell. I'll bring plenty of lube, too. Something tells me that we'll need it tonight. Damn, this is gonna be great!" Kevin exclaimed as he closed up the shop for the day. He always kept lube in his office for those rare times that he had discreet quickies there. They came in handy now.

While Kevin drove to Donald's house, Heather led Kat out of their bedroom into the living room, where Donald just hung up on his boyfriend. The look on Donald's face made it clear to Heather and Kat alike that Kevin had given his blessing to the arrangement. 

"So, Kevin is fine with this foursome?" Heather asked him anyway. 

"Definitely. Since he's not gay, just bi, he likes the idea of two women on hand to service us. It would make it a lot easier on both of us, not having to constantly pursue women. Each of us wants to have more than one regular companion in our lives. We've talked about it a lot. He's very cool with marrying Kat, too. 

"Mom and Dad can't know the full truth, of course. They'll be almost ready to croak at the idea of their little girl marrying a black man as it is, especially one that they don't know at all. Best to let them think that Kat is just loosening up a little, not going all the way," Donald cautioned. 

"True. Mom and Dad are only but so open-minded. More than I used to be, but now less than I am. I've had a true awakening, I know. I'm grateful to the two of you for helping break free of my old shell. I guess that I really wanted to be much wilder, but it was hard to get past the Catholic guilt thing. 

"Now I'll just have fun with it. I like the naughtiness of doing all of this nasty stuff with both of you. Adding Kevin will just make it even better. To all outward appearances, we'll be a regular married couple, albeit interracial. I can't wait for the honeymoon," Kat confessed. 

"Now, that's the sister I always wished you could be! I think that I can guess what your wedding night will be like. Better yet, perhaps we can join you that night," Donald laughed. 

"I'd be hurt if you two didn't. I have a special relationship with all of you now. Kevin's my fiancé, you're my brother, and Heather's my Mistress. And to think that I used to believe that to be uniquely important to someone else required monogamy. I really don't want to change any of this. I'd love to belong to the three of you in those different ways for the rest of my life," Kat told them, which resulted in kisses from her brother and Mistress each. 

At about that time, the phone rang. Donald ran to answer it, thinking that it might be Kevin. It was his parents instead. 

"Donald, don't worry, but we're staying on vacation a bit longer. I hope that you two can hold the fort while we're gone. Are you guys okay?" Mom, the talker of the pair, informed him.

"We're fine, Mom. Kat and I will do well. You remember that her friend Heather is staying over, right?"

"Yes, I recall that. How is that working out? Are you getting along?" 

"Definitely. The three of us get along famously. You and Dad just have fun. I love you. Kat sends her love as well," Donald assured his mother. 

"Glad to know, Donald. We love you, too. Give Kat our love as well. You kids have fun, but be nice to each other," Mom hung up after blowing a kiss to her grown offspring. 

"Well, that was a tense situation! On the other hand, Mom and Dad aren't coming back on schedule. We can have a lot more fun together, the four of us. I plan to see to it that we get much closer while they're gone, naturally," Donald winked at the girls as he laid down the phone. 

That was when Kevin knocked on the front door. Donald answered it and kissed him in full view of the women. Kevin slipped him some tongue and closed the door behind them for greater privacy. Once inside, Donald opened Kevin's shirt and unzipped his pants, pulling them down to his ankles. He knelt and removed Kevin's shoes as well. The khakis came completely off and Kevin stood in his boxers, his virile physique on full display for the lustful gazes of all three of those watching him. 

Donald then yanked Kevin's underpants down and stared at his boyfriend's large cock. He kissed the head first and then licked it for good measure, sending chills up Kevin's spine as always. His tongue now moved along the full length of his boyfriend's dick, sliding up to the base and then back to the head. Kevin was soon as hard as any man could be from this oral onslaught. 

When Donald opened his mouth and engulfed Kevin's cock inside it, Kevin had to fight back the urge to cum much sooner than planned. He wanted to hold back so that he could fuck some ass and pussy, so he resisted, but Donald never promised to make it easy on him. Donald abruptly switched to deep-throating Kevin, overcoming the gag reflex to service his male lover properly.

"Donald, I need to cum soon! I'm fighting it, but I can't hold it back much more!" Kevin groaned as he felt his cum move up from his balls.

Donald intensified his cock-sucking. Kevin nearly toppled from his release as he spurted his cum into his boyfriend's mouth. Donald stood up and kissed Kevin while his seed lingered, thus sharing his load. 

Heather and Kat walked over to the couple, Heather's hand fondling Kat's ass while they approached. Heather and Kat locked lips with Kevin in turns, their tongues becoming aggressive with him as they made out. Now that all of them were naked, it wasn't difficult to convince Kevin to kiss their necks and breasts. His mouth and tongue danced along each of their bodies, the climax being his exploration of their pussies. 

Kevin now honed in on Kat's cunt, licking away with fierce desire at her. He probed the inside of her folds and sucked on her clit, tasting as much of her recently virginal pussy as he could savor with his mouth. Heather and Donald watched with delight and arousal, their hands manipulating themselves as they viewed this encounter between the newly engaged couple. 

Kat didn't know how to deal with this sensation or control herself. She completely let go and came enthusiastically in Kevin's mouth. Her juices leaked freely between his lips and he happily drank them all. 

When Kat staggered to her feet, Kevin motioned for Heather to take her place. She soon felt the same oral pleasuring that Donald's boyfriend gave her slave. He plunged his tongue inside Heather, reaming her with it to their mutual gratification. He clearly loved eating her out and she discovered just how great it was to be eaten by him. 

The final result was naturally that Heather came at last for Kevin. She was even messier than Kat, much to his joy. Kevin licked her clean and applied some lube to his dick to enter one or both women soon. Since Heather was wet and ready, Kevin slid his cock into her to fuck her for the first time. He pinned her to the floor and fucked her ruthlessly, taking her in as rough and aggressive a way as he could imagine. He loved screwing this plump and busty woman in her mid-twenties. 

"Oh, damn, I'm cumming again! It's fucking awesome!" Kevin announced as he unleashed his seed inside Heather. 

The four of them certainly needed a break after that little orgy. They were all starving, sluggish, and sore, though they agreed that it was worthwhile. They ordered a pizza and Donald dressed decently enough to answer the door. A simple T shirt and boxers sufficed for that. 

Heather ran her tongue across her lips in lust as she thought of Donald fucking Kat and her again. The memories of sex with Donald, Kevin, and Kat also made her wet. She planned to have another turn with Donald while Kevin enjoyed Kat. Perhaps some time alone would be nice for the next session, with each couple using different rooms. Yes, that idea had its merits. She would have to mention it to the others. 

Orgies were fun, but so was the coziness of a one-on-one encounter. It was high time that Donald and she screwed in his bed. Two encounters with him so far had both been outside his bedroom. She wanted to try it out. 

Such were Heather's thoughts as Donald paid the pizza delivery boy and brought in the pies. Apparently, he pulled a surprise by getting buffalo wings, much to Kevin's delights. 

"Damn, baby, that's my favorite!" Kevin told him with a kiss.

"I know, honey. I know you as much as myself now. These girls are our women, but you're always my man. Always have been, always will be," Donald responded with a kiss of his own. 

The ladies smiled at each other in voyeuristic pleasure, their glances telling each other that as soon as the supper was done, they would be more than ready for another round. 

"Baby, I have an idea for our next fun in the sack," Heather told Donald as they drank some soda from the two-liter that came with the food. 

"Do tell," Donald replied with a wicked grin. 

From the looks on Kat's and Kevin's face, they already guessed and looked forward to their first time in bed.