 ======================

Girlfriend decisions and campfire fun

======================

With my latest good deed out of the way, I decided to deal with some of my personal camp issues.

I put my poncho back on, grabbed my blanket and headed for the drying shelter. Nobody seemed to mind when I moved a few things around, so I could hang up my blanket under cover, but directly in front of the fire. The fire needed work. I spread it out a bit, so it would cover more of the area, and fed it. We were going through a lot of wood with two different fires, and I didn't look forward to the prospect of finding more, hopefully not waterlogged, before it got dark.

"You are a greedy one, aren't you?"

I turned and Heather was talking to me, adjusting where my blanket was hanging. "Nothing behind this is going to dry."

I shrugged. "My fire. My wood. My tarp. My ropes. My shelter. I guess I feel a little entitled."

She grinned. "There is that, I guess. I'm kind of in charge here. I'll watch over it for you. Move it to the back once it's good and dry." It was already steaming from the heat.

"How'd you get that job?" I asked.

"Same as you. Someone's got to do it." She moved nearer, stacking wood around the fire to keep it dry, one of the few people who didn't seemed worried about getting a little wet. "Thanks for last night," she said softly.

I laughed. "I believe I'm the one who should be thanking you."

She shook her head. "I've been a bitch to you for a year, for no good reason. I spread some pretty mean lies about you. You could have left me out to freeze in the rain. I probably deserved it. Still you treat me like everyone else, even better. As good as your girlfriends."

"I don't have any girlfriends. Not yet. Not officially."

We were getting a little wet by the fire, from the constant drizzle. I moved back under the shelter, and she stood by my side. "Is it too much to hope that I could be in the running?"

I put my arm around her. "Timing, Heather. If we'd hashed this out a while ago, I think things could be different. But I'm pretty much committed at this point."

"Julie? Or Teri?"

"Teri shot me down. Again."

Hard to believe Heather even knew some of the words she directed at my best friend. I had to calm her down before our chaperons took exception to her vocabulary. My lips on hers stopped the tirade.

She hugged me tightly, her lips hot and demanding. Making promises that I had no intention of following up on. I tried to pull back but she was insistent, before slowly releasing me.

"Stupid little bitch! I can't believe her. We talked about this. She promised to give you a chance. I can't believe she'd be so damn stupid!"

"It is what it is. She's not ready for the kind of relationship I'm looking for."

Heather looked up at me hopefully. "I am."

"I know. Let's give us a little time to put the last year behind us. For now, it's Julie or Lisa. Last night it would have been Julie, but Lisa is arguing otherwise."

"She has a boyfriend," Heather griped.

"Had. She broke up with him last week. I just found out this morning."

Heather sighed. "Shit, I guess that's that."

"Listen. I want to get to know you. The real you, not the one perpetually pissed at me. Friends, for now? Let's see what the future brings."

"Friends with benefits?" she asked with a smile. "I really had a good time last night."

"So did I. We'll see. I'm not a cheater."

She nodded. "I know. Now. But if everyone's cool...?"

"That would be wonderful. And maybe things with the sisters won't workout. I may be back on the market before too long."

She nodded. "Ok. Friends for now. I'd still like a chance to apologize in private. Maybe when we get back?"

"Maybe. I'd like that."

"I know you would. I promise, you'd love it."

"I'm starving. You think they're still serving lunch?"

She smiled, taking my hand in hers. "Sandwiches, in the last shelter. I could use one. I built up an appetite last night, and missed breakfast."

Cold cuts, bread, cheese and fixin's hit the spot. We weren't alone at late lunch, and it was nice to sit with Heather and several other campers, talking about the night before, what everyone went through, and the expectations for the coming night. Most of the tents were moderately dry, as was much of the gear. It looked like most of the camp would be able to retreat to their tents again, if the weather didn't take a turn for the worse. On higher ground this time.

At the end of lunch I excused myself from Heather, who went back to check on the drying racks, and made a more determined effort to find Julie. I'd seen glimpses of Lisa, Teri and Shannon all morning long, but Julie had been harder to spot. I finally checked in with her sister.

"Julie? Haven't seen her for a couple of hours. Not since shortly after we got back from our walk," Lisa told me.

Teri had no more information for me. Looks like Julie was staying out of sight. Which had me concerned.

We were experiencing another break in the rolling storms, so I expanded my search beyond the shelters. I finally found her sitting in her little tent. "Julie? You in there?"

"Yeah," she said softly. "I was trying to organize things a little."

"Got a few minutes for me?"

I heard a sniffle. "Give me a second, Ok?"

"As long as you want. I'll wait out here."

It took her about five minutes, but she finally appeared from between the tent flaps. Her eyes were red and puffy. Had she been crying? "Everything Ok?"

"Peachy," she said, with a false smile.

I held my hand out to her and she accepted slowly, letting me help her up. "C'mon. Let's walk a bit. We have a lot to talk about."

"I bet," she said softly.

This wasn't what I was expecting. We were heading away from the camp, through the original cooking area, toward the road. "What's wrong, Julie?"

"Nothin'," she said quietly. "Everything's back to normal."

"Are you mad at me?" I asked.

Her answer was non-committal. "Why would I be mad at you?"

"I don't know. I thought we had a great time yesterday."

"I thought we did too," she answered snidely.

"Then what's wrong?"

She stopped. "Why did you let me think I was going to be your girlfriend?"

Her words surprised me. "Uh...because you are?"

"Really? That's why you had time for every one of your girls but me today? Why you've been avoiding me?" She looked like she was ready to cry again.

I tried to hug her, but she was stiff in my arms. "Julie. Stop this, please. Hear me out."

She pulled out of my grip and started walking briskly. "Hear what out? That you're choosing Lisa over me? Or that you're with Heather? That's right, I saw you guys eating together. Or is it Teri? Making out with her in front of your tent, half-naked. I thought you liked me," she whined, tears rolling down her face.

There was a railing on the side of the dirt road, and I guided her over to it. I sat on the railing, pulling her against me. "Listen to me, and stop with the drama, Ok? If you're going to be my girl, you can't act like some whiny middle schooler."

She wiped her eyes, sniffing. "Fine. I'm listening."

I held her close, arms around her narrow waist. "A lot happened last night. Things I wasn't expecting, I wasn't ready for. Can you understand that?"

She nodded. 

"Teri's been my friend forever. What happened last night changed our relationship drastically. We had to talk about it. We weren't making out. Pretty much just the opposite. She and I are going to remain friends. Only friends. I needed to clear that up with her."

"Friends?" she asked quietly.

"Just friends. In fact I'm thinking of helping find her a starter boyfriend."

Julie actually giggled. "I think I could help with that."

"As for Heather, it's even worse. I used to like her, then we had a year of her lying about us, followed by that torrid make-up session last night. She'd like to be with me, but I told her I already had made up my mind. She and I are going to try to be friends, and I'm not ruling out ever being more than friends with her, but not now. Lunch was just us trying out being friends for once. That was all. She's not my girlfriend, and was never even in the running. Do you believe me?"

She nodded. "I'm sorry. She doesn't look at you like a friend."

"I guess we're more than friends. Friends don't usually do what Heather and I did last night. It's awkward. That's why I had to speak with her, and get that cleared up. I'm trying to minimize the hurt feelings," I explained.

"What about Lisa?" she asked.

"That's the million dollar question, isn't it? She told me this morning that she had broken up with Darrel. That she wanted to be back on my list."

"What about me?" she asked piteously.

"You? You're my girlfriend if you'll have me." I lifted her chin and kissed her softly. "You're the one. The one I want."

She threw her arms around my neck and started crying, while plastering kisses all over my face. I eventually calmed her down, brushing away her tears. "Is that a yes?"

"Of course!" she squealed. "Are you sure? You really choose me? Over Heather? Over Lisa?" She climbed into my lap, straddling me, hugging me tightly.

"You're the one. I love everything about you, Julie. Except for this drama. I wasn't expecting that. Everyone else takes getting dumped better than you take getting chosen."

She hugged me tight. "Oh Alex, I'm so sorry. I was certain I'd lost you. I just knew it. I can't compete with those girls. I can't. How could you possibly choose me?"

"You make me happy, just to be around you."

"I'll make you happy. I promise. No more drama."

I held her tightly, enjoying the feel of her in my arms. "What about your sister?"

I felt her tremble in my arms. "Did you tell her yet?"

"No. That's what I wanted to talk about. I thought you already knew I had chosen you."

She sighed. "I thought so, last night, but today seemed so different. It seemed so impossible. It was before you had sex with Heather and Lisa."

"And before I had sex with you. That was pretty wonderful."

She smiled. "I thought so." She ground her pelvis against me, naughtily. "I'm glad you were my first." She glanced down at her shirt, with the rust colored smear on the shoulder. 

"Me too. I really am honored you chose me."

She leaned against me. "It's going to kill Lisa, you know. Choosing me over her."

"I know. It shouldn't come as a complete surprise, though. We had a long talk this morning. I made it pretty clear that as of last night, you were the front-runner. She said if I chose her, she'd bring you along."

That got Julie's undivided attention. "She said that? That you should choose her, and you'd get me too?"

"She wanted me to choose you both."

Julie looked confused. "You can do that? How's that supposed to work out?"

"I don't know."

"She shouldn't be saying things like that. That you'd get me if you chose her." She looked irritated.

"She told me she doesn't want to settle any more. Her last boyfriends she dated, not because they were who she really wanted to be with, but they were the ones who asked. Now she wants me and doesn't want to settle for anybody else. She'd pretty much say and do anything to get her way."

"Why are you telling me all this, Alex? Why would you choose me, if you could choose her and get both of us?"

"I don't know. I guess the long and short of it is, I want you. But I don't want to hurt Lisa's feelings any more than I have to, and I don't want to create a rift between you and your sister."

"Am I your girlfriend? Really? No matter what?" she asked quietly.

"Officially. If you'd like, I'll announce it around the campfire. Hell, I'll stand on the table and shout it to the world."

She giggled. "That won't be necessary. But you don't mind if I tell anybody, do you?"

"Nope. I'd be proud."

Her smile got even bigger. "Would you mind if Lisa and I had a talk before things became official? We should work things out first."

"Of course not. You're sisters. Two of the closest I've ever seen. Anything you can do to soften the blow would be appreciated."

She looked at me oddly. "Do you mean that?"

"Of course. If you want, I can be there when you tell her."

"No. Let us work things out alone first, Ok?"

"Whatever you want, girlfriend."

She grinned. "You're not going to regret this, I promise. I'm going to be the best damned girlfriend you ever had. I swear, I'll do anything and everything I can to make you happy you chose me."

She slid off my lap, her hand rubbing the hard-on that our closeness had raised. "I'd like to start now. There's something I wanted to do last night, that I never got a chance to."

She was tugging at my swim shorts, and I raised my hips so she could have her way. She pulled them down to my ankles, and brought her lips to my shaft, kissing it softly. "This is my first time, Ok? So be patient with me," she said nervously.

"I promise."

"And could you lose that ridiculous poncho for a while?"

It was the least I could do. Although I did feel a little weird standing in the open, naked except for my muddy shoes.

She was fun to watch, the way she looked at me, playing with my rod, holding it, touching it, tasting it. She took it in her mouth carefully, testing her own limits, sucking so sweetly. Her sexy tongue was lively, moving, the bottom of it sliding over the top, then twisting around it, before disappearing back inside her mouth, my cock following gamely. She looked up at me, then pulled off gently. "Am I doing Ok?"

"It's wonderful. I'll tell you a secret. If a girl likes doing it, it makes it 100% better."

She grinned. "I love doing it. I love the feel of you, your hardness, and softness, the way you react. The heat, the texture, the way it responds. The way you look at me when I'm doing it." She took the head in her mouth, her tongue active, playing, while she gazed up into my eyes. The edges of her mouth somehow managed to turn up at the edges, almost smiling.

I relaxed and watched her play and learn, until her antics resulted in the reward she'd earned. "I'm going to come for you, Julie," I warned.

She held the crown in her mouth, bobbing up and down, until I gasped, shooting off in her young mouth. Her eyes bugged open wide, and she struggled to maintain her motion, gasping, and losing much of my juices down around her hand.

Julie was a trooper, sucking and licking her hand and my cock clean, until she leaned back, smiling, obviously pleased with her efforts.

She giggled. "I guess I did Ok," she said with a smile.

"Wonderful, Angel. Really your first try?"

She was still playing with my rod, wiggling it in her hand. She leaned down and licked the head, making it twitch. She laughed. "Won't be my last, I promise you that."

She gave me one last sweet suck, then grabbed my shorts and passed them to me. She looked up and down the empty road. "I can't believe I gave my first blow-job on the side of the road, in public, where anybody could have driven by!"

I laughed with her. "Your sister said you were a wild child."

She grinned. "I guess I am. At least with you."

"Feeling better now?" I asked, pulling up my shorts.

"100%." She walked up to me and gave me a big hug. "I still can't believe it. I mean, really, Alex Hamilton's girlfriend."

"I know, right? Julie Samuelsons' boyfriend! I rock!" 

She gave me a grin, poking me. "Don't tease."

"We probably should head back soon. We're lucky the weather has held up this long." The sun had actually broken through a few of the clouds, but the wall of black thunderheads approaching from the west did not bode well for the future.

On the way back we held hands, while she regaled me with the problems of growing up with a popular older sister, and having to see the guys come and go, while always being an observer.

"Must have been difficult," I commiserated.

"Naw, not really. She was always good about it. When I started to get curious, she even set it up so I could watch from in private a couple of times."

"No kidding? That seems pretty cool."

"She even offered to get me a boyfriend, but I guess we're more alike than I'd like to think sometimes. I didn't want to settle either. Lucky for me, I didn't have to. It's pretty incredible, huh? My first real boyfriend is the guy I've been dreaming and fantasizing about for over two years."

I pulled her in for a hug. "Enough. You're starting to embarrass me. I'm the lucky one here. And I know it."

She laughed in derision. "Bullshit. But it's sweet of you to say it."

"What if it hadn't worked out? What if I'd gone after someone else? You put all your eggs in this one basket? Who was next on your list?"

She shook her head. "My list is short. One amazing guy."

"That's taking a huge risk, isn't it? What if I didn't like fun, charming, gorgeous blue-eyed, blonde, fallen Angels with incredible racks and a body to die for?"

She pouted. "I don't want to think about it. I guess I would have waited my turn, and kept on trying. I'm not like Lisa. I'm not going to settle for second best."

We broke into camp, and I saw Lisa was perched at the end of the first bench watching for us. Crap. This was such a mess. I liked her. A lot. Almost as much as her sweet sister. Almost. I even felt it was a little unfair, she should have a chance to be with her #1, just like I was getting my chance, and so was Julie. I knew part of it was Julie giving me her virginity the previous night. How could I dump her after that? Without even giving us a chance. Jesus, what a mess.

Julie stopped, tugging on my hand. "Let me talk to her now, Ok? Before we tell anybody. I don't want her to be hurt."

"Of course. I'd hate to hurt her. But there's only one of me."

She grinned. "Are you sure? No secret twin hiding out? It would solve a lot of problems."

"Sorry. My genetic experiments haven't gotten that far yet. If they had, I'd be making clones of you, not me."

"Oh really? One of me isn't enough for you?" she teased.

"Of course it is, but two of you is what dreams are made of."

She smiled mischievously. "Don't you have some camp miracle to perform? Get moving, and keep our secret a little longer."

"Got it. But don't leave me hanging too long."

"Don't worry. I'm worth the wait. I promise."

"I believe it. Get going. I'm going to see how the firewood situation is coming. I'm guessing we don't have much more than an hour or two before the skies open up again."

* * *

I recruited John and Max to help with the wood scavenging, finally coercing a few more into helping, with the threat of a cold wet night ahead. As the skies darkened, I tracked down Shannon and Dr. Reed and shared my concerns. "Looks like a big storm headed this way. If the wind gets bad, and it probably will, we could lose a couple of the shelters. They're not built for a serious storm."

"What can we do about it?" Shannon asked.

"Not much. Make sure everything is well anchored. They're facing away from the storm so that should help. Except for the ones on the end. We might want to take those down."

"Everyone can retreat to their tents," Dr. Reed suggested.

"Probably. Some of those tents aren't made to survive storms like last night. Even without the flooding, they could collapse. Falling branches are an added risk." I looked around, pointing out the better ones. "The domes will flex with the wind, at least the better ones. Those two will probably have no problem," I observed, pointing out some of the better tents, "Yours too, Dr. Reed. I don't have a lot of hope for the others. Any one of them could collapse from too much rain and wind. Just not designed for it. It's a gamble."

"Better than the tarps, though, right?" Shannon asked.

"My big one is heavy duty. It won't tear. Heavy edging and grommets. Strong material. The one with the clothing drying is sturdy too. We should probably take all the clothing down, and count on half the camp sleeping under those two."
