 The man climbed into his car and placed the pizza on seat beside him. Without fastening his seatbelt, he drove off, going faster than he would normally. There was a reason for his hurry. He had ten minutes to get home to start his computer up. If it were not up by then he would miss what happened when his gas was released. He had waited to make sure he was the last customer at the pizza shop. While waiting for his pizza he had hidden a small canister of gas, and a little electronic box, which would allow him to tap into the internal CCTV of the shop. The gas was a mixture of his own concoction, something he had stumbled across at his work. He had made up a batch and picked the store to test it. He had needed to be the last customer so only the staff were involved. It gave him a controlled group, if any customers had been involved it would possible complicate his results.

He managed to make the journey home in five minutes. Quickly he scrambled into the house, dumped the pizza on the table, and turned on his computer. Glancing at his watch, he saw he now had three minutes for the computer to start up, and for him to be able to tap into the CCTV. Luckily, the computer was having a quick day and started up within thirty seconds. A minute later he was watching the footage, whilst also recording it onto a DVD. He pulled the pizza towards him and watched as the pretty young girl who had served him went about her business cleaning up. His watch beeped, telling him the ten minutes were up. He waited to see what would happen. The gas was supposed to influence how people reacted; it was a weird mix of pheromones. He had not tested it before, and he was not sure if anything might happen.

***************

Niomi wiped down the board with her cloth, all the time cursing the guy who had come in. She hated it when someone waited until the last minute to walk through the door of the pizza shop. It always meant they were behind on the close. By now, she should be finished with the front and helping to finish in the kitchen. Instead, she had to do the last touches now, nearly thirty minutes after closing time. At nineteen, she was not the most patient of people. She was also the youngest on shift that night, a rarity for the shop. Normally there was one of the younger girls working, but not tonight. 

Niomi stood up after cleaning the last menu board. Finally, she had finished the front. Stretching she arched her back, then ran her hand through her short black hair. She knew she was good looking, thin and tall. She had dark eyes and a pretty face. Her black hair cut to just below her jaw line. If she could have one thing changed about herself, it was her breasts. They seemed too small, even though her last boyfriend had adored them. 

Glancing into the kitchen, she saw the only other girl on shift, Jade. Where Niomi was thin, Jade was plump. She was older than Niomi by two years often reminding her that she had worked at the store since she was younger than Niomi. However, she had helped Niomi out when she first started, now the two girls were friends. Jade had long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. If she ever managed to loose the weight she kept trying to loose, she was going to be a stunner. As it was, she was just too plump to be classed as beautiful. However, she had breasts Niomi would have killed for. Large, round and plump breasts. 

Behind Jade was Stephen. He was the oldest person on shift, though you would not have believed it by looking at him. He looked at least five years younger than his real age of twenty-nine. Niomi secretly thought he was quite good looking. He was tall, dark with a rugged look to him. He was not to well built, but obviously kept himself in some sort of shape. His face was gently, he had deep brown eyes that Niomi often wished she could drown in.

The other two people on shift were the store manager, Gregor and Jared. Gregor was in his mid-twenties, he was from somewhere in east Europe. As a manager he was ok, if a bit distant sometimes. Jared was the same age as Jade. Niomi did not like him. He thought too much of himself. Jared visited the gym three times a week. He often liked to show of his physique. Niomi thought he looked to muscular, there was something about his face. He simply looked to shifty for Niomi's liking.

Jade spotted Niomi stretching and wandered round to the front of the store. She smiled softly at Niomi.

"Nearly done," Jade said. Niomi nodded hopefully. She stopped, hearing a strange hissing noise. She glanced around trying to locate it.

"What's that noise?" She asked Jade, who shrugged.

"No idea, sounds like gas escaping from somewhere." Niomi tried to follow the sound but could not quite find it. She stopped in the middle of the customer area, by one table. The sound stopped as suddenly as it started. Niomi waited a few seconds to see if it started up again, but it did not. She suddenly felt funny, strangely hot. A warm flush ran up her body. She felt herself breathing hard, for some reason she felt horny. Behind her she heard a sharp gasp. She turned round and froze, shocked by what she saw.

Gregor stood behind Jade, one hand up the blonde girl's top. The other hand pushed into her jeans, obviously fingering her. Niomi was shocked that Jade had not pushed him away, she was even more shocked to realise that Jade was enjoying it. What was more it was turning Niomi on as well. As she watched, Gregor pushed Jade's jeans down and bent her over. Jade rested one hand on the front counter to steady herself. Gregor pulled down his trousers; with one hard thrust, he entered Jade. The blonde girl gave a soft gasp. Niomi watched as Gregor began to fuck Jade. She could see the blonde girl's thighs rippling at the force of his thrusts. As she watched Niomi wanted the same, she wanted someone's cock deep inside her. 

Looking up she saw Stephen stood in the kitchen. He was staring into space, seemingly not noticing anyone else. Niomi began to move towards him, going round the two people fucking. She paid them no attention, her gaze totally on Stephen. He noticed her as she moved towards him watching her. Niomi moved round the front counter into the kitchen. As she did, she reached up to pull her top over her head. Stephen's eyes widened as he stared at her breasts, covered only by a thin blue bra. Niomi walked up to him reaching up to cup his neck.

"I want you," she whispered. Pulling him down into a hard kiss that left no question what she meant. He kissed her back, just as hard. He pushed her backwards until she felt the dressing table behind her. His hands reached up to cup her breast as they kissed. Niomi fumbled at his jeans, struggling to undo them in her hurry. When she did, she pushed them down, freeing his hard cock. Stephen slid his hands down to her jeans, quickly undoing them and pushing them down. She felt her jeans slid down to the floor. He lifted her up, seating her on the table. He kissed her neck softly. She felt his cock pushing against her. With one hard thrust forwards, he entered her. Niomi hissed softly at the feel of him in her. 

He began to thrust in and out, hard and fast. As he did his fingers ran round to her bra clasp, nimbly he undid the bra pulling it off. Niomi felt him leaning down towards her breasts. She pushed her chest up towards him. He lowered his mouth down onto a breast, sucking hard on it. Niomi hissed softly as he sucked on her breast. Niomi lent back moaning at the feel of his mouth on her breasts, his cock thrusting deep into her body. Behind her she could see Jade and Gregor. The older man was still fucking the blonde girl hard. He had one hand on her neck bending her over, the other hooked round her hip. Jade was gasping and moaning loudly as he rammed into her. Niomi could she Jade's body rocking with each thrust. 

Stephen ran his tongue over one breast, pulling Niomi's attention back to him. She hissed and rested one hand on his neck. He thrust in and out hard; Niomi could feel him penetrating deep into her body. He felt so hard inside her.

"Oh yes fuck, yes." Niomi moaned loudly. Stephen pushed himself upright and began to ram into her even harder. "Unn god oh fuck me." She gasped at the sudden increase in power. Stephen was gasping hard, his face red.

"Oh god I'm not going to last long." He told her, his voice apologetic.

"It's alright, cum in me." Niomi hissed back. She did not care, at that moment she just wanted him in her. His thrusts grew in speed, and he began to gasp rapidly.

"Unn, god yes." He moaned sharply and rammed deep into her.

"Ohh yes," Niomi said as she felt him cumming inside her. She shuddered in pleasure at the sensation. Stephen moaned softly, his body ridged. He emptied his cum inside her then pulled out of her. Behind him Niomi suddenly saw Jared, watching her. His gaze burning into her and she knew he wanted her. In spite of her dislike for him, she wanted him too. As she slid off the table and walked towards him, she tried to understand why she was acting like this.

**********

The man watched the computer screen in amazement. This was more than he had expected, much more. He had hoped there might be some sort of reaction. The gas was supposed to be used as an aphrodisiac, but he had not been certain if it would work. This was beyond his wildest expectations. He watched in shock as the pretty girl was fucked on the table, while the manager and the plump blonde girl fucked in the front. 

As he watched the man fucking the pretty girl pulled away. As she moved towards the other man he realised she intended to fuck him as well. This was definitely more than he had expected. He licked his lips, suddenly very glad he had decided to record what was happening. If the situation continued like it was, he was going to have a hot piece of film to watch.

*********

Niomi walked up to Jared. He reached forward, pulled her towards him. His lips pressed firmly against her, she felt his tongue pushing against her lips. She opened them, he pushed his tongue into her mouth. Wrapping it against hers. His hands pressed her breasts into her chest as they kissed. Then he moved his hands up to her shoulders, to pushed her down. She lowered herself down onto her back and looked up. He stood over her as he undid his jeans. Niomi watched him, her gaze focused on his cock as he pushed his jeans down. His cock was already hard; she stared at it as he stepped out of his jeans. Slowly he lowered himself down to lay on top of her. 

Niomi felt him moving, sliding along her thigh. Then he was pressing against her pussy. She held her breath when she felt him pressing inside her. Then he thrust into her hard. Her breath blasted out of her in one hard gasp as she felt him stretching her wide. His cock pierced her pussy, sliding as deep into her as it could. His weight pressed her down onto the floor, and she could feel his breath on her neck. He began to thrust in and out hard, slamming into her.

"Nnn yes unn god." She hissed at the feel of him inside her. His one hand cupped her breast; the other was wrapped in her hair. He was kissing her neck, her breath hot against her skin. His cock sliding in and out, opening her deeply. She clung to him, her hands sliding up and down his back. He felt so good inside her. Each thrust pushed her down into the floor, her body rocked each time. She gasped deeply, loving the feel of him fucking her.

Jade walked round the front counter, followed by Gregor. Both were naked from the waist down. Jade was gasping hard; Niomi guessed the pair had just finished fucking. Jade stopped when she saw Niomi and Jared, her eyes widening as she watched them fuck. Stephen moved towards Jade, pushed her against the wall. Niomi watched as he manoeuvred himself between her legs, then thrust up into her hard. Jade moaned deeply as he began to fuck her hard.

Jared pushed himself up of Niomi, thrusting his cock hard into her, Niomi hissed deeply as she felt him entering her pussy, sliding in and out. Jared grunted hard as he fucked her, slamming in and out. Gregor stood to one side his gaze on Niomi. She could see the lust in his eyes, and knew he was going to have her as soon as Jared had finished. But Jared showed no signs of finishing soon. Niomi gasped loudly feeling him thrusting in to her hard, fast, and deep. Over his shoulder, she could see Stephen, fucking Jade; He had pulled her top and bra off. Niomi watched as the blonde girls larger breasts bounced with the hard thrusts into her. She was gasping loudly, obviously enjoying Stephen's cock.

Niomi was enjoying Jared's cock. It repeatedly pierced her pussy, stretching her around it each time he entered her. His breath was coming in short gasps, and his thrusts had grown in intensity. Niomi gasped hard with each thrust. Jared's cock rammed into her hard, fast. His fingers dug into her breasts. He began to grunt deeply. His thrusts grew wild, hard, his cock slamming into her. Niomi gasped and grunted at the force of each thrust. 

"Oh yes," Jared cried out. Niomi felt his body tense, then his cum pumped into her. She gave a soft moan as she felt him cum inside her. He sank onto her, his weight pinning her down. Over his shoulder, she could see Stephen and Jade. He was still fucking her hard against the wall. Jade had one leg on the floor, the other wrapped around his thigh. His one hand cupped her breast, the other bounced up and down with each hard thrust. Niomi found herself imagining what it would be like to lick and suck that breast. She wondered how it would feel to have Jade licking her breasts. The idea thrilled her, but also shocked her. She had never felt like this before, had never fantasised about another woman.

Jared climbed up off her, leaving her on the floor gasping deeply. Gregor reached down and grabbed her hand. He pulled her up onto her feet, pushed her towards the dressing table. She felt his hands in her hair as he bent her forwards over the table. His cock pressed against her, then slid deeply into her. Niomi hissed, feeling his cock sliding into her. He began to fuck her deeply, slamming into her body. Niomi hissed softly as she felt him fucking her. Behind her, she heard Stephen gasping. Glancing round she saw him shuddering as he came inside Jade. The blonde girl moaned deeply in pleasure. 

Gregor grabbed the back of Niomi's neck and pushed her face down. He began to thrust in and out of her hard. Niomi hissed and moaned at the feel of him inside her. She saw Stephen staggering into view. He stopped and watched as Gregor fucked her hard. Niomi reached out to him, trying to pull him towards her. He moved forwards, Niomi slipped her fingers round his cock. Pulling him towards her she opened her mouth. With Gregor pushing her head forwards Niomi slipped her lips over Stephen's cock. 

"That's it, suck on him." Gregor said to her. Niomi was happy to do as she was told. She sucked him into her mouth. There was a sweet taste on it, something she did not expect. But it was a taste she liked. She slipped her lips up and down him, sucking hard on him. She heard Stephen moaning in pleasure. Gregor thrust hard into her, making her gasp around Stephen's cock. Stephen put one hand behind her head, sliding his cock into her mouth. Niomi felt herself pinned, held in place by their hands. Gregor's on her neck and Stephen's round her head. The two men began to fuck her, sliding their cocks into her pussy and mouth. Niomi moaned and gasped, sucking hard on Stephen. She found the sensation of being taken like this more arousing than she had ever thought possible. The two men thrust into her. Gregor slamming deep into her pussy, Stephen pushing his cock down her throat.

Niomi could hear Jade squealing and gasping somewhere behind her. But she focused on the two cocks sliding in and out of her body. Her pussy was being pounded from behind, Gregor's cock thrusting hard into her. Stephen was sliding his cock into her mouth; she could feel the head brushing along her tongue to the back of her throat. She sucked hard on him, enjoying the feel of him using her throat. He gasped loudly, behind her she could hear Gregor grunting as he fucked her. Niomi clung to the table, gasping softly and grunting each time Gregor entered her. 

Each hard thrust pushed her into the table; she could feel it moving slightly under her. The metal was cold against her skin. Gregor's thighs felt warm as they slapped against her legs. His fingers dug into her neck, pinning her down. He was grunting and gasping loudly, thrusting harder and harder into her. He rammed right up into her, slamming all his cock inside her pussy. Niomi felt his sperm explode into her, Gregor gasped loudly as he came. He released her, as he pulled away she felt the last drops of his sperm dripping on the back of her thighs. She slid off the table, kneeling in front of Stephen. He gripped the back of her head as she began to slide her mouth rapidly up and down him. She took him deep into her throat. Sliding her lips as far down as she could, feeling the head pressing against the back of her throat.

"God Niomi that feels so good," Stephen hissed. Niomi gave a soft murmur of pleasure at his words, but did not stop sucking on him. In fact, she sped up her movement, sliding faster up and down him. She felt him begin to thrust into her mouth again. He pushed his cock further into her mouth; she felt the whole of him inside her. She sucked hard on him, sliding her lips up and down him. He was gasping softly in pleasure and Niomi gave soft mews of pleasure in response. Soon she could hear his gasps becoming moans of passion; she sensed he was close to cumming. Less than a minute later he gave a low moan, Niomi felt his cock throb in her mouth. Then his sperm pumped into her mouth. Niomi gave a soft, muffled, squeal as the cum splashed against the back of her throat. She forced herself to hold still and swallow the sperm, feeling it slid down her throat. Stephen hissed and moaned as he orgasmed, his cock throbbing in her mouth until she felt the last drop land on her tongue. Then she pulled away.

Behind her, she could hear Jade gasping and squealing. Turning round she could see the blonde haired girl on her knees, Jared behind her ramming hard into her. It took Niomi a few seconds to realise there was something different about the way his was fucking her. As she watched it dawned on her that he was not fucking Jade's pussy, he was fucking her ass. He was ramming his cock in and out just as if he was fucking the blonde girl's pussy. Jade's eyes were half closed and she was obviously enjoying the sensation of Jared fucking her ass. Her moans and squeals were of passion and pleasure, not pain or discomfort. Niomi could see that Jade was fingering herself as Jared fucked her. The blonde girl's fingers rubbing over her clitoris rapidly. Jared had his hands wrapped around Jade's hips, pulling her back onto him. He rammed in and out as hard as he could. As if he sensed her watching him Jared glanced over at Niomi. She saw the look in his eyes and knew he wanted to fuck her ass as well. The thought sent a shiver down her spine, not of fear but of anticipation. 

Jared increased his thrusts, taking Jade's ass even harder. The blonde girl's squeals turned in to high-pitched screams of feeling. Her eyes opened wide and her fingers clawed at the tiles on the floor. Her body rocked hard as Jared rammed into her. Niomi could not tear her gaze away as she watched him fucking Jade's ass. Jade screamed loudly, gasping hard with each thrust into her. Niomi watched the blonde girl as she fingered herself. Jared closed his eyes, ramming in and out hard. Jade gasped loudly, her finger rubbing hard at her clitoris. Seconds later Jade was cumming. Niomi could see her body shaking as she orgasmed. Jared gasped as he felt Jade orgasm. He thrust hard into Jade, and with a sharp gasp he came. His body went ridged and Niomi watched as he thrust hard into Jade's ass. As pulled out of her ass Niomi could feel his gaze on her and knew she was next.
