 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a fictional, sexual fantasy story, no conclusions about the real world should be drawn. This also contains some bisexual male content, so if you find that kind of thing absolutely unbearable, do not read. All characters are 18 years of age or older. 

-----

We'd only lived in the neighbourhood a few weeks, so when I first saw him mowing the lawn as I pulled into the driveway, I thought it might have been my own mistake. But no, I checked the house number, and I saw my wife's car in the other parking spot, so I knew I was in the right place. I shrugged and got out of the car.

I reached back in for my briefcase, and then watched the young man mowing our lawn as I walked to the front door. When he saw me he gave a small wave with one hand in a work glove, then turned and pushed the mower in another direction, away from me. I unlocked the front door and stepped inside.

"Cheryl??" I called out as I slipped my shoes off.

"In the kitchen honey!" I heard her voice. I walked to the kitchen, just as my wife turned to greet me with a big smile. Like me, she was in her early thirties. We'd been married a little more than five years, but had lived the apartment and condo life until we'd purchased this house. It looked like my wife was getting to know the kitchen, a subtle scent of cooking filled the air.

"I got your message that you were going to be late - again," she said. "So it's still going to be half an hour or so." She walked up to me and pressed in against me, planting a kiss on my lips, then affectionately pecking and licking at my cheeks and neck. I gave a small laugh to express my pleasure.

It was a hot day, early summer, and she was dressed for it in just a short jean skirt and a white frilly halter top, with her slightly curled blonde hair pinned back to fall down between her shoulders. I felt her warm breasts press into me - her curves were substantial, just the way I like them, large firm wonderfully-shaped tits and a thick round ass, and it took me a little bit of time to remember what I wanted to bring up.

I held her as she nuzzled into me. "There's someone mowing our lawn."

"Uh-huh," she said with a grin, as she rubbed into me and played with my tie, slowly loosening it.

"Um, why?"

"That's James. He lives a few streets over. I think he'll do a fine job."

I leaned back a bit to look at her face, giving her a slight frown, "But I could do it..."

"Well, you COULD...if you weren't working late every day this week. You don't even have a lawnmower."

"I said I was going to buy one..."

"Wellll," she playfully said, unwilling to let any argument dampen her high spirits, "Until you do, I'm sure James will do a fine job. Besides..." she reached down and cupped my crotch with her hand, giving a delighted purr when she felt my partial stiffness, "It leaves us time to do some other things. Important things."

I really didn't like the idea of paying some dumb kid to mow my lawn. If you'd asked me when I was cooled down and level headed, I would have never agreed. But my wife had a way of convincing me of things. I kissed her cheek, "Ok honey. At least until I find a good price on a good mower. Now let me just get this suit off and wash up, any longer in this and I'm going to suffocate." She gave a little pouty sound and squeezed my crotch again. "Hold that thought."

I was hurrying, it took less than ten minutes for me to come back downstairs, having splashed some water on my face and changed into a plain white t-shirt and some slacks.

I took a look in the kitchen, but she wasn't there. I stuck my head in a few rooms before I found her in the living room, leaning against the frame of one of the large windows looking out over the backyard, a hand slowly tracing her fingertips over the skin of her bare upper chest just below her neck.

She turned to me and smiled when she heard me come in. "He's doing the back, now."

"Uh-huh," I said casually, and walked over to see what she was looking at. I ended up standing behind her, one hand on her shoulder, as we looked out at James mowing the backyard lawn.

He was a tall young man, almost as tall as me, though with that adolescent slimness. His skin had begun to bronze just a touch, and some curls of shaggy dirty-blonde hair escaped from the rim of his baseball cap as he pushed the mower around. He also wore a pair of old cargo shorts, and a sleeveless t-shirt which shifted and slid around on his body with his movements, showing off some of the sweat rolling down his toned chest.

I felt my wife bump her ass back around on me, until her asscrack found my crotch and she started to rub herself up and down as she pressed back on me, wiggling her butt a little too. I asked with a chuckle, "Are you getting turned on watching him?"

She turned her head back toward me and I saw a big grin and a twinkle in her eye. "He's just cute, that's all."

I put my hands on her hips and pulled her back harder into me. I was mumbling into her mouth as we kissed again, our lips mashing together. "Fuck you're turned on looking at that teen, aren't you?" I said, one hand sliding up to feel up a big tit. "Haven't seen you so horny in a while."

She broke off the kiss to look at me as she breathed hard. She cocked an eyebrow at me, "What, don't YOU think he's pretty fucking hot?"

"Shut up," I laughed, and pulled her to me, and then down onto me as I fumbled back to sit down on the nearest couch.

We fumbled and rubbed on each other, and very quickly I felt my wife pull my cock out, and hike up her skirt, sliding her cotton panties off and kicking them into a corner as she sunk down on me and we started to fuck. So much of this was unusual, how there was a stranger on our property, likely with one of the doors to the house unlocked for him, and that we were doing this in the living room, in the middle of the day, with the windows open; but Cheryl's hornyness and the heat of the day all combined, and then all quickly passed out of my mind as we both became totally enveloped in the white hot heat of sex.

It was a lucky break, I thought at the time, that it was probably five minutes after I came in Cheryl's pussy, and she was lying on my body as we were both gasping for breath, that we heard the doorbell ring.

We were both too drained to move, still basking in the afterglow. A minute or two later, the doorbell rang again, then we heard the front door open and James's tentative voice said "Uh, Mrs. Davis, hellooo??"

Cheryl gave a little grunt into my face and pushed herself off me. I watched her walk out of the room, not quite in a straight line, as she pulled her skirt down and made sure her shirt was down over her tits.

I myself couldn't summon the energy to stand just yet. I lazily tugged my pants back on, and buttoned them up, just in case, as I heard their muffled voices from the front hall. Then I heard the front door close again, and Cheryl walked back into the room. I noticed how tangled her hair was, and wondered what James thought.

She looked at me with a big grin and her eyes were wide as she laughed, extending one hand in front of her, "Oh, I think my fingers were still sticky when I gave him the cash!" she laughed.

*****

A week later coming home from work I pulled in, and found James mowing the lawn again. As I gathered items from my car he was pushing the mower across some grass nearby, and lowered and then stopped the motor. "Hey there, Mr. D."

"Hi James. Looks like you're doing a great job. What is this, second time this week?"

He scratched his head in a sort of nervous gesture, "Um, well, it's the grass, this time of year you know, it's growing like crazy, I mean—"

I held up a hand, "Oh I know, I know. Like I said, good job, I'm not sure I'd find the time right now, with all the work of getting the new office in order." We were silent for a moment. Not able to think of anything else to say, I offered, "Can I get you something to drink from inside?"

James shook his head with a little smile, "No thanks, Mrs. D...um. your wife...she gave me a drink before I started."

I nodded, "Well, c'mon inside if you need anything," and walked to the house.

Cheryl almost jumped me as soon as I walked in. She pressed me against the door and slid one hand down my pants as she stuck her tongue in my mouth. "Oh my God!" I laughed, dropping my briefcase, "What's gotten into you?"

She rubbed on me and started getting my cock out. Her breathing was heavy. "Did you see the tight shorts James was wearing today? I've been watching him from the second floor window."

She drooped down to her knees and looked up at me as she guided my thick, hardening cock into her mouth. I moaned and felt thankful that there was a thick door between what we were doing here and what James might hear.

"Uh, I don't think I noticed," I chuckled. "Ok, seriously, let's just both admit he turns you way on, doesn't he, Cheryl?"

She was sucking my cock now, moving her soft wet lips up and down as I became fully hard. She opened her mouth and let me watch her tongue snake around my cock as she shrugged. "Mebbe," she giggled, cock still in her mouth.

I looked down at her, teasing her, "Maybe you should be blowing him instead of me?"

She laughed, slapped my heavy cock off her wet tongue, then tilted her head and leaned under me to lap at my balls, still so warm and sweaty from the drive home from the office. She talked as she licked and kissed, "Mmm, gotta deal with this cock first."

*****

She didn't blow him that day, but the sexual tension was obvious. We would sometimes kid about it, I would tease her that I was going to buy a mower and then she wouldn't have to be bothered by James anymore, and Cheryl teased me back to not worry that there would be any incriminating photos of James lying around, she was only devouring him with her eyes.

Once, in the bedroom, during an extended love-making session, I was a little surprised that James came up again. We both enjoy dirty talk, and this time my wife had a few surprises. I was rubbing and squeezing Cheryl's round ass again, and she dropped a comment, "Nothing like James's tight toned teen ass, is it?" I was lost for words and didn't respond directly. Later that same night we were having anal sex, which we both enjoy on occasion, and as I'd mounted her doggystyle and the lube was letting my cock work her tight hot asshole deep and forceful, she stared making comments like, "You love fuckin' asshole, don't you? What if this was James' asshole, huh? Bet he's so fucking tight, would love to see you lay some cock into him..."

I was a bit surprised. Not to say I told her to stop it. I just kept fucking her. She claimed the next morning that I suddenly got even harder and fucked her deeper and harder and...better. I will admit that, possibly, after she was reduced to just grunting as I fucked her accepting ass so good and deep, I spanked her ass and growled to her, "C'mon and keep talking dirty, run that fucking mouth off on more of that stuff." And she did.

*****

It was a Saturday, the first full free Saturday I'd had off in a month. We'd planned a day out in one of the large city parks, but the night before the forecast called for extremely heavy thunderstorms rolling in, so we decided to make it a day in.

It was about two in the afternoon, and I was sitting back on the couch with my wife in the living room, the curtains pulled to dim the light from outside, as a movie played on our new big-screen TV. Trays of half-eaten Chinese food were on the coffee table in front of us, as well as a couple of chilled bottles of beer, with more empties around the legs of the table, and a bong sat in the middle of the clutter, no longer smoking but still giving off a scent that lazily filled the room.

We jumped a little, me more than her, as the doorbell rang.

I stood up and wiped my eyes with my hands. "I'll get it." Cheryl wasn't really in condition to answer the door, she was just wearing a pair of thin white panties with a green fringe that left little to the imagination, and one of my white undershirts with no bra. Also, when she got high she liked to get really high, and I wondered if she could even walk the distance. "Probably just a salesman."

I checked myself in the hallway mirror. I thought I looked presentable in a pair of boxer shorts and a t-shirt, my hair still mussed from sleep. I stepped to the door and looked through the spyhole, surprised to find James on the other side. I opened the door up. He stood there in old sneakers, some faded blue jeans, and a polo shirt with most of the buttons undone.

"Oh hey, Mr. D., geez I hope I'm not disturbing you. Um," he pointed to his mower he'd pushed over from his house, as usual, which now rested on our driveway, "I thought I could get a mow in, the forecast says once it starts raining, it'll go for a few days. And I kinda wanna be studying for exams later in the week. I hope it's okay?"

"Um, yeah," I said, a bit surprised and head dazed from the smoke. I then realized my reply was a little dead so I tried to brighten up with a smile. "That's fine, James. Good on you, you're doing a better job than I would with this, you know. Yeah, it's fine, go ahead, we're just watching some movies inside." I looked up at the darkening sky. "I just hope you can get it all in. Um, like always, just knock if you need anything."

I closed the door and didn't think too much about it. When I got back to Cheryl I flopped back down on the couch beside her and we resumed the DVD. I said "James is here, he's cutting the grass."

"Oh."

It wasn't 5 minutes later that a crack of thunder rumbled through the air, even rumbling us inside the house, and at that exact same moment the sound of pelting rain started to drum on the roof.

"Damn," I said, "Sounds like it's really opened up."

Cheryl reached out for the remote and hit the Pause button. "Looks like James isn't going to get the work done." We were silent for a moment. "You should make sure he's okay," she helpfully suggested.

"Oh, right," I said, and pushed myself off the couch. To be honest, once I'd sat my ass back down, I'd totally forgotten about James. I guess the weed was hitting me pretty hard too.

I slipped on a hat and stepped outside under the eaves trough. It was one of those hard summer rains, bouncing an inch off the surface where it hit pavement. I glanced around and saw James edged in under a small overhang of the roof, his lawnmower beside him, looking out at the rain.

"Hey! Get over here!" I yelled out over the din, and waved my hand over. I had him push the mower over too, under the larger roof cover in front of the door. "You don't have a car, do you?" He shook his head. "Well, c'mon inside then." He paused a moment. "C'mon, it'll let up eventually, I don't even want to drive you home in this myself."

He stepped in and slipped off his shoes in the entranceway, "Geez, thanks Mr. D." He looked around, and as he did I could hear him noticeably sniffing the air. A smile broke out on his face and he glanced over at me.

In mock-seriousness, I wagged a finger at him, "You're not gonna tell anyone, right?"

He shook his head. He was mostly dry, but some of the fringes of his shaggy hair were slightly wet from the rain, and his damp shirt clung to his body. "No, it's cool," he said. "It's REALLY cool actually. Cooler than my parents, for sure."

I led him into the house, "Are you hungry? We've got a ton of Chinese here..." I said as we walked into the living room. I swept my hand over to the table. But he was looking at my wife's face, who had half-turned her body to look at him.

"Hiii James," she said with a big grin. Her hair was down and fell casually around her shoulders. "Bummer about the weather, huh? But hey, you can hang out with us for a while. You don't have to go anywhere right away, do you?"

James rubbed his palms against the sides of his pants, "Um, no." At that moment, there was no mistake about it. Not only did my wife have a crush on this young man, but he certainly was attracted enough to my wife that she'd made him adorably shy. It wasn't just that she was sitting on the couch in half-transparent underwear, though I'm sure that helped. She patted the seat beside her, "C'mon, sit down. We were watching this dumb movie."

I guess I could have stopped it there at some point, could have told Cheryl to put on more clothes, or could have driven James straight home. But the way I saw it, it was my house, my wife, my money paying James. I had the upper hand, and something was happening differently than on all the other boring weekends.

James sat on one side of Cheryl, exactly where she'd patted the couch, and I sat on her other side. He was staring at the bong on the table amid the clutter. My wife smiled at him, "Ya wanna hit it, baby? C'mon then." He nodded, and his eyes followed her swaying breasts as they pressed together between her arms, as she leaned over and prepped the bong.

First James took a hit, then Cheryl, then James again, then myself...and so on. Cheryl stayed in charge, and we all smoked our fill. I noticed Cheryl's hand found its way to James's back, rubbing it as he inhaled. After that we all sat back and Cheryl put a tray of room-temperature Chinese food in James's lap. "C'mon, eat up." We watched the last fifteen minutes of the movie.

When it ended, Cheryl sank into the couch more and smiled, "Mmm, here I am with two of the sweetest guys I know. My lovely, handsome husband, and cute James," she looked over at me, then at James. Her breasts rose and fell on her chest with each relaxed breath. "Do you have a girlfriend, James?"

He shook his head, "Uh not at the moment. I mean, I like girls, sure, just don't have someone...right...now." He was nervous, but that didn't entirely cover his friendliness and enthusiasm. His eyes kept scanning up and down my wife's body as she leaned back beside him, her thin tight top, her hard nipples perfectly visible, the bottom bunched up so some of her bare stomach showed, and then her smooth legs and milky thighs.

I had a hunch that I knew where Cheryl wanted this to go. I put a hand on her shoulder and rubbed it. I leaned in and whispered in her ear, "It's ok, if you wanna...you know. Help him out."

Her eyes widened and she shot me an intense look, then sat up and looked right at James. Her wet tongue wet her lips as she spoke to him seriously, "Are you feeling horny?"

His eyes looked at her, away, then back at her. He grinned, "Yeah." Then he looked over her shoulder at me, and I saw him think again. "Oh, um, sorry."

I shrugged, "No, it's cool, dude. Actually, for today, I'm not gonna get upset about anything my wife wants, ok?"

We all paused for a second as intense lightning flashed on the other side of the drawn curtains. A second after thunder rumbled. Then I watched Cheryl move over slightly, and put her hand on James's flat stomach, rubbing it with her palm, tugging his shirt up and touching the skin.

She gave a little laugh as she used her fingers to undo the top button of his pants. "Oh shit," James gasped.

My own cock was getting hard as well as I looked over and watched, I felt it pulse and throb against the crotch of my pants.

Cheryl undid his zipper, tugged down his pants and underwear a bit, and pulled out his cock that was already almost fully hard. Her hand rubbed and stroked it, I could see it pulsing in her grip, getting completely hard. "Oooh, that's a nice one," she said, and tugged away more at his pants with her free hand. "Take off your shirt, baby."

As James pulled his shirt off, Cheryl slid down between his legs, kneeling in front of him, and tugged his pants off. There I was still sitting fully clothed on our couch, and a couple feet away there was a naked teen with my wife kneeling between his legs, about to go down on him. I watched her stroke his cock, lean in and lick the cockhead, spit down on his cock, lick it some more. James shivered, his hands at his sides, fingers digging into the couch cushions, as Cheryl looked up at him and sucked his cock, taking him deeper and drooling on it, letting strings of spit run down his shaft and balls.
