 "Do these smell 'April Fresh' to you?"

To be honest, I wasn't paying attention to my surroundings, because I had my nose buried in a History text book. The droning of washers and dryers in the laundry room had me in a trance, imagining what it must have been like in the post-Civil War Reconstruction era.

"Excuse me," asked a husky feminine voice.

I looked up to find a pair of wine-colored silk-and-lace panties dangling in front of my face.

Upon further inspection, the panties were being held by a beautiful girl, not likely older than 19 or 20, still perky and youthful, with cascading light brown hair and piercing blue eyes.

My roommate, Todd, wasn't paying attention either, although he had his nose buried in a Lowrider Pickup Truck magazine.

"Excuse me?" I finally managed to reply, hoping to heaven I didn't sound like a complete dork.

"I said, do these smell 'April Fresh' to you?"

Now how the hell do you come back from that? A beautiful woman who lives in your apartment complex is holding a pair of panties in front of you, essentially asking you to smell them.

"Uh...you want me to ... uhhh..." Now I knew I was sounding like a dork. At this point, I was hoping two things: One, that Todd continued to not pay attention; and two, that this vixen didn't notice how much my hormones had taken over.

"I want you to smell them," she said in a mischievious tone.

Todd looked up from across the laundry room and saw what was going on. A wicked smile slid across his face.

"Uh...sm...you want me to..."

Awwww, what the hell. I grabbed the panties, held them to my nose and took a deep whiff. They were moist, and had a musky, heady aroma. Pussy. The panties smelled like pussy.

"So, do they ..." she started again.

"Smell 'april fresh?' " I said, finishing the quote.

She smiled, and nodded. "Depends," I said. "Is your name April?"

With that, Todd emitted the most obnoxious belly-laugh I had ever heard.

"You can call me whatever you want," she murmured, getting right by my ear.

"I've been watching you for months," she whispered. "We both go to the same Community College ... we're in the same Psych class."

This was embarrassing. This babe was hotter than anyone I had seen in months, and she was someone I should have been seeing!

"Uhhhh..." I began to feel like a broken record, stammering, hemming and hawing.

"In class today, when we were talking about psycho-sexual deviance, and the forward behavior that leads to ... problems ... all I could think of was this..."

She put her hand on my rock-solid cock. I closed my eyes, trying to make sense of it all.

"...in between my legs, filling my pussy with hot..."

She licked my ear.

"...cum."

I may have fainted.

When I opened my eyes, she was standing in front of me, beckoning for Todd to come over.

Todd made it across the room in short order. My sexy young classmate sized him up and then spoke again.

"What's your name?" she asked.

"Todd," was his reply.

"This is your roommate, right?" she asked him. He nodded, still grinning.

"What kind of a guy is he?"

Todd was quick to respond.

"He's really nice, very sensitive, pretty lonely...smartest guy I know," Todd started. "He likes football, web surfing...oh...and he hasn't gotten laid since his divorce, two years ago." I just about pissed my pants. Two things: One, how dare he assume I hadn't gotten laid since my divorce, and Two, how the hell did he know I hadn't gotten laid since my divorce?

"I'm Candace, and I want to make sure that we solve that problem," she said, turning back to me, "...right now."

While the laundry room in our apartment complex was fairly sizable-24 washers and dryers, with the washers forming an "island" in the middle and dryers against the surrounding walls. Despite its size, it wasn't private enough for a late night orgy.

Or so I thought.

On one wall, there were two doors. One was always unlocked, and contained simple gardening tools and some automotive tools that were for community use. The other one was always locked, and Todd and I had speculated that in there were the more expensive gardening tools.

Candace took me by the hand and we went to the unlocked door. Inside, somebody had left a bunch of filthy gardening tools and hoses strewn about. The room was about the size of a small workshop, and was not very inviting at all.

The other door was locked and padlocked. There was no way to get into it without breaking two locks.

I was ready to give up, when Candace turned to me and said: "Bryan, I want your cock in my pussy right now. I won't wait another minute."

I was about to protest, when she pushed me to the floor.

"Todd, turn off the light," she said.

Todd stepped across the room and the light was off, leaving a dim orange glow coming in through the windows, fed by the Halogen lights in the parking lot.

After my eyes adjusted, I realized I could still see in the darkness. Candace stood over me and pulled off her tight white blouse, revealing a dark-colored bra against her tanned skin. Then she shimmied out of her skin-tight stretch jeans, revealing a pair of panties the same color as the bra.

In the dark light, she quickly pulled my jogging shorts and underwear from my legs, and just as rapidly had my shoes and socks off.

She crouched over me and murmured in my ear.

"Pull my panties off, lover," she said in a hot, breathy voice.

I sat up part way as I reached for gyrating hips. I got a handful of panties and began to pull. As she stepped out of her panties, she immediately squatted on my face, smothering me in her musky goodness. In addition to her beautiful-smelling twat, she was wearing some kind of perfume that brought out the most in my cock.

I buried my tongue into her fount, rubbing my nose against her clitoris and my goateed chin on the lower lips. My tongue probed her folds, slurping up her ample juices.

And then she was up, and before I knew it, she plunged my cock into her pussy. The warm walls of her cunt bathed my cock in an unbelievable feeling of lust, desire and ecstasy.

In one motion, she pulled off her bra, revealing a bouncing pair of the most perfect breasts I had ever seen, probably 38-40, C or D cups. Her nipples were thick and hard, and she let me taste them as she continued to grind her pussy on my aching member.

She began to moan from the depths of her throat, when suddenly something loomed into my sight from above...it was the most enormous cock I had ever seen, and it belonged to my roommate.

Todd stood over my face, and held his enormous dick in Candace's face. I was shocked, and almost completely lost my erection. Todd stood about 5' 9" and was built like a soccer player or marathon runner: very sinewy. But his dick would have made most porno stars - not to mention a few oak trees - jealous.

Candace took about the first few inches past his head into her mouth and began sucking furiously, never once breaking rhythm on my cock.

I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations surrounding my desperate penis.

Her tight-fitting pussy seemed to throb with energy, as she bucked wildly on my cock, keeping Todd's monstrous tool in her mouth. Before I knew it, she and I were both coming spasmodically, me grunting through clenched teeth, her crying out with a T-Bone steak of a cock between her teeth, riding her tongue.

"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?"

I opened my eyes, and was blinded to see the laundry room light was on and the landlady was standing to my right, looking as pissed as I had ever seen her...

To Be Continued...