 I woke up early the next morning. My ass was on fire. My best friend John had fucked it four times the day before and I could feel it this morning. John was sleeping next to me in the bed in my grandfather's cabin. We were there to celebrate his 19th birthday.

I could feel my ass throb with every step I took to the bathroom. I was still naked from the day before. I took a piss and tried to breathe as the pain in my ass continued to radiate over my lower region.

Looking in the mirror I could see a trail of dried cum on my inner thighs. John had shot four huge loads into me and whatever was left apparently oozed out of me the night before as I slept. I jumped into the shower to clean up. 

The warm water felt good and made me forget about the pain in my ass. The more I thought about getting fucked so thoroughly by my friend, the more excited I became. My dick started getting hard. 

I finished showering, dried up and slipped on some underwear. My hard dick was trying to poke out.

The cabin was still dark with only the morning light peaking through the windows, and John was still asleep. I got back into bed and wrapped myself around my buddy. His body was warm. He was naked and his huge dick was semi hard. I reached for it and began to stroke it slowly.

John stirred after a few minutes of having his big dick played with. He opened his eyes, stretched and looked at me.

"Good morning!" he said with a big smile on his face. 

He turned towards me and kissed me closed-mouth on the lips. 

"Are you shy?" I asked.

"Morning breath!" he replied. 

I let go his big cock, and he ran to the bathroom to clean up. A few minutes later he came out looking a bit more awake. John got back into bed and gave me a proper good morning kiss.

"How's your ass?" he asked.

"It hurts man. Your dick is pretty damn huge and it tore me up," I replied. "But you know what, it hurts in a good way. I'm glad you fucked me."

John smiled and kissed me again.

"It was awesome dude," he said. "Your ass is so fucking tight. I can't imagine a pussy being better."

"Well you can tell me what you think about your first pussy after tonight," I said.

My girlfriend Claudia was coming over for a threesome. John was a virgin until yesterday when he fucked my ass. He was getting his first shot at a real pussy later that day.

"We need to play it cool with her you know," John said. "I would hate for her to know that we're fuck buddies."

"Dude, we haven't had any problem switching to friend mode since we started play time," I said reassuring him. "We're going to have this fucking hot piece of ass to play with tonight. I doubt we'll be focused on each other."

John seemed to think about it and seemed content with my answer. 

We eventually got out of bed, made some breakfast and went out to the lake. The water was colder than I remembered it being this time of the year.

Once again, we had no problems being buds. Anyone who may have run into us would never have realized we were gay lovers.

We got back to the cabin around noon. Claudia had texted me that she'd be getting there around 1 p.m. John and I took separate showers and got ready. 

Right on the dot we heard a car pull up the driveway. John and I looked at each other and smiled. While at the lake we had finalized our attack plan. We would all just chill until later that night when we would start fucking my girlfriend. He would get first crack at her crack so he'd have the pleasure of her tight pussy, before it got loose from fucking.

Claudia had other plans.

She knocked on the door. I immediately answered. She was wearing a raincoat and had a bag and boombox. 

"Hey guys!" she said, obviously excited.

I gave her a kiss and grabbed her stuff.

"It smells like ass in here!" Claudia said making a face.

John and I looked at each other. We didn't know what to say so we both laughed.

I told Claudia we had planned on making and early dinner and having some fun before the real festivities were to being.

"No," Claudia said. "Fuck that. I'm already soaking wet. I'm ready to fuck. I have a surprise for the birthday boy in fact. Turn on the music."

John and I looked at each other. I plugged in her boombox and turned on the music. 

Claudia grabbed John's hand and had him sit in a chair next to the couch. She proceeded to give him a hell of a table dance. I was getting rock hard watching her. She wasn't wearing much underneath her raincoat. Eventually all she was wearing was a small g-string.

John looked like he was in heaven as Claudia grinded into his huge dick. He kept giving me little winks to show me he was having a good time. I just smiled and fought the urge to pull my dick out and jerk it.

To make a long story short, we spent the next few hours fucking and sucking each other – all straight sex. John and I made sure not to get anywhere near each other most of the time. In fact Claudia must have figured we were being homophobic to the Nth degree.

"Seriously guys, you need to lighten up," she said at one point. 

After we had each had our fill of Claudia we all collapsed on the bed, with Claudia in the middle. We were talking about how great our first threesome had been, and John's first pussy, too. 

"John, you don't fuck like a virgin," Claudia said. 

"Thanks!" John replied, obviously proud that he hadn't embarrassed himself.

"And good god, you have a huge dick!" Claudia continued. "I can't believe that no one has tried to tame that big hog!"

After a few more minutes Claudia began to jack us off at the same time with her two hands. By this point we'd each cum at least two times and after all the sex we had the day before, we were both having a difficult time getting it up.

"What do I need to do to get you boys up?" Claudia asked.

"Why don't you tell John the story about you and your sister making out?" I suggested. 

Claudia looked slightly annoyed I shared that story, but was a good sport about it. She began to tell the story when John interrupted her.

"Wait! Before you get me all hot, is this a true story?" John asked.

Claudia sighed and looked at me.

"Yes! It's a true story! It happened just before she went to college," Claudia confessed. 

Apparently they had both gotten all hot and bothered on separate dates with no payoff. When they got home they started talking about things and ended up making out and feeling each other up. Their mother woke up and ended their good time.

By the time Claudia got to the end of the story we were both shooting our loads all over her hands.

"Damn Claudia you're a freak!" John said. "I'd love to see you and your sister getting it on. Was that the only time?"

"Pretty much. We've sort of talked about finishing what we started, but it's kinda freaky being sisters. She says she's had sex with other girls, and the thought of having sex with herself – me – turns her on. She's a narcissistic bitch," Claudia said with a laugh.

John would not let it go and suggested she call her sister to meet us.

"She's in school kid. She won't be home for a few weeks," Claudia said. "And what the hell is in it for me?"

"Uh, I don't know? You'd have a hell of a story!" John said.

"That's not good enough," she said. "Let me think about it."

We all got out of bed and cleaned up a bit. We were sitting on the couch watching a DVD, when Claudia paused the movie. 

"Oh I got it! I got it!" she said excitedly. "I want you guys to fool around for me. Right now!"

We looked at each other nervously. 

"If we do, what are you and your sister going to do?" John asked. 

"Whoa! Whoa! I'm not messing around with this guy!" I said protesting her request. "How do we even know your sister will want to put on a show for us?"

"Let's call her!" Claudia responded. 

She pulled out her cell phone and dialed up her number. We heard the phone ring as she'd put the call on speaker phone.

"Hey bitch!" her sister answered. 

"Hey bitch back," Claudia responded. 

"What's up," Monique asked.

"Well, you're never going to believe where I am and what I'm doing," Claudia said. "But I'm at a cabin with Robert and his friend and we just had a threesome!"

Monique squealed on the other line.

"You whore!" she yelled.

"Sissy, let me tell you Bobby's friend has a huge dick. It's like a fucking beer can but longer," Claudia said.

Monique was laughing on the other line.

"So did you call me to be your alibi with mom and dad you whore?" Monique asked.

"No! They think I'm with Jennifer. Anyway, I was telling these guys about the night you wanted to fool around, and..."

"You bitch! Why would you do that!?" Monique interjected.

"I was trying to get them off for like the third time each and they weren't getting there," Claudia said. "Anyway let me finish you cunt. They were hoping to watch you and me put on a show and I told them I would if they had a gay old time together."

Monique again squealed with delight.

"Hell yes sissy! You know I've wanted to eat your pussy since that night last year!" Monique replied. "I'll be home in two weeks. Let's plan for Saturday night. And shave your pussy bitch! I don't like hair pie!"

"It is shaved bitch!" Claudia said with a laugh. 

They said their goodbyes and hung up the phone. 

My mouth was very dry. I didn't know what to say.

"What do we have to do?" John asked again very seriously.

"Well, I want to see you one of you guys suck a dick – no wait! I want you to suck Bobby's dick and I want you to fuck Bobby with your huge dick!" Claudia said. "If you do that I promise my sister and I will put on a show that you'll never forget. And then... we'll both fuck both of you any way you guys want, all night long!"

Claudia's nipples were rock hard. She was getting off thinking about me and John fucking and sucking each other. 

"Let us talk about it first," I said.

John and I went to the bathroom. We were nervous that we'd get into it and Claudia would be able to tell that we weren't cock sucking and ass fucking beginners. 

"Let's just do it! She's going to be so hot that she won't care!" John said, obviously blinded by the promise of twins having sex with each other. 

I laughed out loud.

"At least we know we aren't complete fags if we're willing to ACT like fags to see two hot twins have sex!" I said. 

We came out of the bathroom. 

"OK, we'll do it but we have to be able to video tape you and your sister fucking each other," I said.

Claudia readily agreed. 

"OK, so what do you want to see first," John asked.

"I want to see you suck Bobby first," Claudia said. "And I don't want some weak sauce, I want you guys to really fuck each other. I promise that if you give me a good show, I'll make all your sick fantasies come true. Bobby knows that I'm a woman of my word."

I did indeed. Any kinky thing she'd ever promised me, she'd done. 

John and I were visibly nervous. It probably made it appear we'd never done anything together, or at least that's what I was hoping.

"Wait," I said before we were about to start. "If we do this, you can't tell anyone but your sister. She can't tell anyone. And you can never bring it up again to put us down. We're not fags."

Claudia rolled her eyes and sighed loudly.

"OK, OK, you're not fags! I get it! Ya'll just fucked me for like three straight hours! Get on with it!" she said sarcastically, obviously frustrated. 

John and I smiled at each other. We were going to get to have our dick and eat it too.

We took off our clothes. Claudia dropped her shorts and underwear and sat on the couch. 

John got on his knees in front of me and grabbed my hard dick. 

"Fuck yes," Claudia said in a whisper to herself.

John closed his eyes and began to suck the tip of my dick. Claudia moaned out loud. I looked over at her and gave her a wink. 

"Suck him," she commanded John. 

At this point John had only sucked me off a few times, so he was by no means good at it. I figured that would help hide the fact we'd been fucking around for months now.

After a few minutes, John was really getting into it and so was I. It was getting me off that my best buddy was sucking my dick and that my girl was watching. 

Claudia got off the couch and got on her knees next to John. He looked at her and took my dick out of his mouth. He smiled and offered my dick to Claudia. 

She smiled and began to suck my hard cock. John lowered his head and began to nibble on my balls. It was fantastic. 

They took turns sucking and licking my cock and balls. My legs were getting wobbly. I told them I had to sit down. I walked towards the bed and they followed me ready to continue feasting on my dick.

"Claudia, Bobby was telling me about how he likes when you do something called the shocker when you go down on him," John asked feigning ignorance. "What is that?"

Claudia pulled off my dick and squeezed. 

"Have you told him EVERYTHING?" she asked.

I shrugged my shoulders. 

"He's my best friend!" I said.

"You wanna see the shocker," Claudia asked John. "I guess it would make sense if you're going to fuck his ass."

I clenched my teeth knowing what was coming. My asshole was still very tender. I knew that having a finger in there was not going to feel good. 

Claudia reached in her purse and pulled out some hand lotion. She got it on her finger and started fingering my ass. John continued sucking my dick.

After a few seconds, I could feel her finger probe my ass. It didn't hurt nearly as much as I thought it might. 

"Fuck yes," John said. "Get that ass ready for me to fuck."

"Bitch, finish sucking my dick first!" I said.

Claudia and John laughed. 

"Actually hun, I brought some lube with me," I said, figuring that hand lotion was not going to lube me well enough to have John fuck my ass.

"Why'd you bring lube," Claudia asked.

"Well, I was hoping to have a double penetration tonight," I said, not exactly lying.

Claudia looked at me annoyed again.

"Let's see how you like getting a dick in your ass, and then we can discuss you fucking my ass," she said with a laugh.

John got up and grabbed the lube. He started working it around my asshole while sucking my dick.

Claudia was getting off to it and started jerking herself.

Suddenly I felt John's finger hit my gland. It was like a jolt to my system. My cream started to ooze from my hard dick as I let out soft moans. 

"Fuck baby, he found your prostate!" Claudia said. 

She got back up and started sucking my dick. John kept working my gland. I was in heaven. After just a few seconds I felt that familiar tingling in my balls. I started shooting my seed into my girlfriend's hungry mouth. 

Claudia was moaning and playing with her wet cunt. She cleaned me up with her mouth. John now had two fingers buried in my ass. It hurt a little. Claudia turned her attention to John's monster cock. She was lubing it up whilst she jerked it.

After a few minutes of stretching my asshole, John finally picked up my legs and put them over his shoulders. 

"This is going to hurt you more than me, buddy!" he said thinking he was being funny.

I worked to relax my asshole to make this as painless as possible. Claudia plopped down next to me on the bed. 

"I think this is going to hurt honey," she said, kissing my neck.

I felt John's cockhead at the entrance of my ass.

"Fuck me," I said to John. Claudia moaned out load and got up to watch the penetration. 

"Fuck his ass John," she said gritting her teeth. "Fuck his ass."

John got a serious look on his face and started pushing forward with his hips. I was pleasantly surprised when his cock head slipped into my ass without a lot of trouble. I had to feign more pain that I was feeling in fact. 

Claudia kissed my lips gently and hushed me. 

"It's OK, baby," she said, almost in a whisper. "It's OK. Let him fuck you."

John kept a steady pace. He would get about an inch or so into my ass and wait. After about five minutes he was buried to his balls into my ass. Claudia got off the bed to inspect when John announced he was completely in me.

There were real tears in my eyes. My ass was hurting. Sure it felt good, but there was some serious pain involved getting stretched out by a huge dick. It was obvious my ass was bruised up from the day-long fucking I'd received the day before, too.

"Holy fuck," Claudia whispered. "I can't believe how stretched out your ass is..." 

John began to pull out. I let out a gasp.

On his way back in, he coated his dick with more lube to ensure a good, slick fuck. Even though it was nice and cool in the cabin, all three of us were now sweaty. John got about 2/3 out of my ass when he started pushing back into me. I moaned partly in pleasure, party in pain. Claudia was still inches away from my ass fascinated at what she was seeing.

After a few minutes John was fucking my ass at a very good pace. He was pulling almost all the way out and slamming back into me hard enough for me to feel his balls on my ass cheeks. I closed my eyes to enjoy the fuck. 

Claudia kept cheering us on, stopping every so often to jerk herself. After about 15 minutes of hard fucking, she asked John to turn me over. I gasped as John pulled his monster dick out of me.

"Oh baby, this is the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen!" Claudia gushed. "I want him to pull out and cum on your face, OK?"

I nodded my head and got on my knees.

Before John continued to fuck me, Claudia took a look at my stretched out asshole.

"Fuck baby, you're asshole is literally gaping open!" she said. "Jesus, it's pulsing."

John pushed Claudia out of the way. He wanted to continue fucking my tight ass. I took a deep breath when I felt John's dick on my asshole. With one long push he was in me. I lost my breath, but god help me it felt fantastic. At this point I couldn't care less if Claudia was clued in on what we'd been doing, I began to work my hips and ass and I began to fully participate in the fuck.

John also seemed to forget about Claudia and started laying into me. To my dismay, he slapped my ass as he pounded me. 

"Hell yes!" Claudia yelled. "Spank his ass!"

She was sitting to my right, jerking herself off. She'd had at least two orgasms by now and was working on the third. I could smell her pussy juice so I knew she was getting off to our show.

"I'm going to cum," John announced. 

He pulled his dick out of my ass and began to jerk it. I immediately turned around and opened my mouth. I didn't care what Claudia thought. 

John pumped his cum into my hungry mouth. Some landed on my chest, but most landed in or near my mouth.

I swallowed and lapped his cum like a fucking whore. 

Claudia moaned loudly and got herself off while I licked John's cum from my body. John staggered backwards before finding the chair in the middle of the cabin and sitting down. 

We were all breathing hard. No one said a word for several minutes.

Claudia finally broke the silence. 

"So guys, how long have ya'll been fucking each other?"